Q7i& $mprovtntenf

MARCH, 1931

Has the Desert Failed to Blossom? By DR. J. H. PAUL

Current Poetry

As a Native East Indian Views the Situation

DALJIT SINGH SADHARIA

Facing Life

DR. ADAM S. BENNION

-*- -*-.-*-

. i-V** Wi&ikW:*: iM-:SM

$0&i;....:...;.'.';.: Si-V;: ':.'

Restful sleep...good, fresh, clean air

...steady warmth in the home!

are parents thoughtful That's little so many father, why whose the mother, and

This househeating. Gas for Natural to strong. healthy keep turningHAPPYones are and To

them so is the most important business in fuel is absolutely smokeless, dustless and sootless.

life. And, thanks to modern medical Furthermore, Natural Gas provides another

science and upto-date conveniences in the home, important protection to health: it keeps the

it is an easy thing to do! house uniformly warm, automatically. Science

Your doctor will confirm this recipe for health tells us that one of the commonest causes of plenty of sleep; proper food and exercise, of "colds"and "flu"is a fluctuating temperature..

course; good, clean air to breathe; and a uniform With Natural Gas automatic househeating, there

temperature in the home. is no danger of becoming overheated, or of

Science tells us that many respiratory diseases chilling, in the home.(such as bronchitis and pneumonia) are freJust a steady, dependable warmth—without

quently brought on by breathing smokeladen attention on your part—and a clean, smokefree

air. Certainly, children's little lungs are too atmosphere—that's what Natural Gas brings you.

tender to needlessly be tarnished with smoke and Investigate! Ask about our attractive offer for

soot! your old furnace.

It's Clean, Automatic, Stokeless, Smokeless

GAS UTAH

Serving Salt&LakeCOKECity CO. WASATCHSerVi KXYSVIUE LAYTONGASFARMINGTOKCO,

MURRAY GARFIELD COMPANY TOOELE GAS OGDEN BOUNTIFUL CENTERVILLE MAGNA

MIDVALS SANDY MORGAN Serving Ogdeo

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 249

FORECAST /hemproueme/rt rjLDER MELVIN J. BALas is who, well Melvin Ballard -L-'LARD, J. Clarissa A. Beesley ERA"opened known, Amerithe South Business Manager Associate Business Manager

can mission, is furnishing Era George Q. Morris

readers with an article on the Rachel Grant Taylor meaning of the revolutions with Chairmen Era and Publicity which the southern republics have been afflicted. Watch for it in the Organ Priesthood the of the Quorums, Mutual Improvement April number. Associations and the Department Education of the Church of

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

A TTENTION has already been * called to the series, "Facing CONTENTS

Life,"by Dr. Adam S. Bennion. Title Page

However, the articles he is preparEditorials—

ing can not be stressed too much. The Land of Castes and Outcasts Hugh J. Cannon 251

If you have not yet read the first Loveliness for All Elsie T. Brandley 252

of the series in the February issue, Has the Desert; Failed to Blossom? J, H. Paul 253

turn back to it. Having read it True Slavery Denned Bessie Decker 256

you will read all that follow. Poetry 257

-sc<?3J**o—Tis Spring,,. Flack

From the Land of Day to the Sea of Night Frances Nuttall

Gladys Hendricksen to Prelude ri THRpUGH,"

Night Hendricksen space* in the given next LANCINGbe Sing Ho for the Weather. 1 Gladys Annie D. Palmer issue, de- a is the of heading new

partment which is sure to meet My Gold Grace Ingles Frost with hearty approval. Timely You Will be Called Ada E. Latimer

articles from leading magazines It Proved a Master Stroke Ida R. Alldredge

will be considered and comments Facing Life Adam <S. Bennion 258

made thereon. Mark Twain and Present Day Conditions 259

As a Native East Indian Views the Situation Daljit Singh Sadharia 260 actfggoi*- Expatriation (Chapter Eight) J. Hugh Cannon 264

Isle of Dreams (A Poem) T. S. Glennamaddy 266 Indian's view of "MorEast Sea Gulls (A Poem) AN Vesta Pierce Crawford 267 -** title is of the monism"an Cliffs and of Caves Southern Utah Elsie T. Brandley 268 Daljit Singh article us by handed Essentials of Public The Speaking (The Audience)

Sadharia, author of an interesting )r, Anthony F. Blanks 271

account of conditions in India Song of the Outlaw Horse Harrison R. Merrill 275

which appears in this number. The An Unusual Group 276

opinion of a man on the outside Do We Pay? (A Short Story) Robinson S. Hand 277

looking in frequently is more valGod's Fatherly Mercy and Love J. Percy Goddard 280

uable than that of one on the inFoods for Health Adah R. Naylor 284

side. Mr. Sadharia is a voracious Joseph Smith—A Modern American Prophet John Henry Evans 285

reader and a hard student and his Music Committee 288 "view"of us will prove interestPriesthood Quorums 289 ing. The Whole Armor of God 'Archibald F. Bennett

Cf(JcfcOIMutual Messages Executive Department 291 Adult Department 292 Paul's 2 of Dr. J. H.DART Community* Activity Department 293 BlosFailed to Desert "Has the

som"will appear in April. ExGleaner Girls Department 294

perience and training fit this auJunior Girls Department 295 thor to treat the subject of westVanguards-Scouts Department.. 296

ern writers and thinkers in an inBeehive Girls Department 297 telligent and comprehensive manner. Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103 o&jfgjjsfcs*- Act of October, authorized 1917, 2, July 1918.

A MISSIONARY in France, sideredManuscriptsfree 'contributions.submitted withoutPhotographs,the statement,unless "Attheir usualreturnrates,"is especiallyare conJohn Russell Talmage, sends requested, will be destroyd.

us a beautiful little story, "A Gift Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

from God,"which will be pre- $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

sented to our readers next month.

250 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

come; thus the madman found and

lost the touchstone.

"The sun was sinking low in the West; the sky was of gold.

turned on his footThe Touch Stone The madman steps to seek anew the lost treaEleven stakes, Kolob, Curlew, Fremont, Lyman, Maricopa, Bear sure, with his strength gone, his

Lake, Boise, Minidoka, Timpanogas, Kanab, and Taylor reported body bent and his heart in the 100% of their Era quota during the month of January. Outstanding dust, like a tree uprooted."

reports were also received from Grant, Liberty,, Granite, Ensign, St. The following letter has just

Johns, Snowflake, Los Angeles, Utah, Salt Lake, Uintah, Garfield, been received from H. Alvah Fitzand Young. During January the Grant stake sent in the largest number gerald, principal of the Shelley

of subscriptions, while the Maricopa stake attained the largest increase Stake Seminary:

in the percentage of its quota.

"During the quiet of this Saturday evening, I have been reading the February "Before him the endless ocean Era. It has been an hour rich in thought,

feeling, as I in livedRABINDRANATH fellowship with careand the garrulous roared; waves poet, the Indian TAGORE, President J. Grant, S. BenHeber Adam treasures, lessly talking of hidden story: tells the following Editors, nion, the Wade, Kenyon

"A wandering madman was mocking the ignorance that knew others through the pages of the Era.and

seeking the touchstone, with matnot their meaning. May I venture the thought that thousands

better of to people motivated have been hope had no "Maybe he now locks,ted dustladen, and tawny useful reading the Febmore lives by rest, and yet not he would to his remaining,and a shadow, body worn ruary Era."

lips tightpressed like the shutup for search had become his life doors of his heart, his burning just as the ocean forever lifts its President Barton of the Frankeyes like the lamp of a glowworm arms to the sky for the unattainlin Stake writes:

stars in ciras the goseeking its mate.

a cles,able—justyet seeking that goal can you"Itthatis mythe greatPrestonpleasureSecondto Wardreport hasto

never they the reported that are top on Even so over now be reached—

these. in subscriptions to the Era, that and shore the the lonely with. madman,

dusty, tawny locks, still roamed orday.the Thislast ofmakesthem, allare ofbeingthe sentwardsin toof

in search of the touchstone. Franklin Stake over the top, and it surely

"One day a village boy came makes us feel that we have succeeded in up and asked, 'Tell me, where at least one thing. We hope that many

did you come at that golden chain more will subscribe."

about your neck?'

Gospel the of A TESTIMONY started "The madman—the is the touchstone a Latterto chain that verily once was iron was

gold; it was not a dream, but he day Saint. It turns everything

did not know where it had to gold. "It is better,"the Lord

changed. says, "to save one's soul than to

gain the whole world, for what "He struck his head wildly can a man give in exchange for where, where, oh had he, without his soul!"reading of the The

it, success? achieved knowing will insure a Era for testimony

"It had grown into a habit to us and for our children. Let us

Austin P. Miller pick up pebbles and touch the do everything possible to put it in

Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director chain and throw them away withthe home of every Latterday

Grant Stake out looking to see if a change had Saint.

Harriet Kalmar, NEOMA Brimhall Delbert L. Stapley

Y. L. M. I. A. Era Director Y. L. M; I. A. Era Director Y. M. M. I. A. Era Director

Grant Stake Maricopa Stake Maricopa Stake

Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talmage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

The Land of Castes and Outcasts

to intelligent not longed peacehas person Britain is willing "Unless continue Great to "THAT TT"ful negotiations for a settlement the of Indian probpop- India, enormous with her see India? A/

ulation, decimated so frequently by terlem, British soldiers must be marched from the rible epidemics, and just now in the throes of a bloodHimalayas to Cape Cormorin to subdue, by force, less revolution of "civil disobedience;"her incomnot only India's massed millions, but also the spirit

parable Taj Mahal and other worldrenowned strucof the times.

tures, which someone has said were "built by giants "A refusal to approve the principles accepted by and finished by jewelers,"and which gifted writers the round table conference will provide a spectacle and speakers vainly have tried to describe; her holy which will bring our name and fame very low indeed;

river in which one can bathe, according to popular while a continuance of the negotiations will bind belief, and receive a remission of sins, and which India to Great Britain by bonds of confidence."

insures eternal peace to him whose body is cast into On the other hand, Mr. Winston Churchill, while

its waters after death; her sacred cows, which often assuring his hearers that he was expressing his own

lie undisturbed on the sidewalks in front of busy personal views and not those of the Conservative banks and other business houses; her sleeping cars party, declared that the Government's plan, "acin which the traveler must provide his own bedding companied by a host of important reservations,"wa&

and make his own bed, or have his servant do it for an unwise policy, which would involve the nation him; her monsoons, so often responsible by their in serious dangers. He concludes with these words:

absence for India's frequent and desolating famines; "How will the British nation feel about this? I

her mysticism; her culture; her castes and outcasts, am told that they will not care. They are too ocwhere it is considered a disgrace for a person to do cupied with taxation and unemployment and abanything which does not pertain to his position, sorbed in sport and crime."

and where even the servants of one class have servants Almost at the moment this discussion was going of a lower order to perform all tasks for them which on in England, Mahatma Gandhi, the frail nationalare considered beneath their dignity; her poverty, to ist leader, who, through love of his countrymen has

think of which causes the sympathetic soul to shudder made of himself the storm center of the problem, and the extent of which can not be comprehended was being released from a prison in Poona, an inland by those who live in the western hemisphere! city of India about one hundred miles from Bombay.

One globetrotter advises the prospective traveler The order for his release was issued by the Governorto see China and Japan, America and Europe, even general and was unconditional, as was also that of the Holy Land, if he will, but by all means to go the working committee of the allIndia national to India. At the conclusion of his visit there, congress, but it did not extend to,many thousands

according to this man's judgment, he can write of other political prisoners. Gandhi's words as he

"Finis"at the bottom of the page of travel. In left the penitentiary are typical of the character of

this final chapter of sightseeing, he will have taken this strange man who must be admired for his unin all that is worth while in the world. Although selfish heroism and devotion, whatever one thinks

that statement is considerably exaggerated, every of his judgment.

reader knows enough of the country to have awak- "I expect to be back here within two months,"he ened within him a desire to see it. Just now such a said ominously. "I am not at all happy at the

visit behind the scenes would be particularly interestthought of entering again the whirlpool of life in ing, for at this moment India has the center of the the outside world with its strife, suffering, sorrow, stage and offers an absorbing drama, not unmixed and sordidness. I can not bear the thought of enwith tragedy, to her audience—the entire civilized joying my individual liberty while tens of thousands

world. of my brothers and sisters remain in jail."

Elsewhere in this issue is an article giving the Gandhi's giving of himself to the cause has won viewpoint of an intelligent East Indian on the chathe reverence of his countrymen, thousands of whom otic conditions which prevail in his native land. It flocked to see him after his recent incarceration. To

is not to be expected that his view coincides wholly touch his body, as he sat naked except for a coarse with that of every Englishman. But even in Great loin cloth, was considered a great honor; and in

Britain one finds such a wide difference of opinion the crush resulting from their eagerness to approach that the unbiased observer recognizes in this, situation him one woman was trampled to death and many a moot question deserving of careful study. people were more or less seriously injured. He

In the House of Commons recently, as reported loves his people with all his intense nature and beautiby the Associated Press, Premier Ramsey MacDonald, fully illustrates the truth of the old saying that love in measured and solemn tones, made this statement: begets love. H. J. C.

252 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Loveliness for All

manifest?OF what docs art consist? And how is it made presence of something greater than they are—an in-, Art, is. the. result, of man's.. attempt, interpretation?tinct for.truthof andothersbeauty,who butfeel theonlytruththroughand thereto give form to his thoughts,, aspirations, hopes crcate the b can the duct of the artist remain

It is the the reaching out proof ofand fears. a of the ardstk beautiful, read by one who can- u

spirit for beauty. truth Every human andhuman it? Is beautiful> into nQt rgad a dance meani

being normally, is made up of many different quailthe rh hm of modon {$ { d? Can a musicalif

ties—mental, emotional and spiritual—the seeking mast kce in irC; as it did originally, played by

religion after of takes truth and the forms which is a techni tQ one the of mus whom icianship art this Bliss simply expressed thought has Carman? create> The artist himselfmust and h work

illustration. beautifully withand an. 'is listener a message, every observer but must and

equals is a mathematical Plus one One two—that c tQ and understanding( hk needs m

fact, channels. reached mental through SQ he One man adjustand in thgdoi of an artist becomes something

and one man make two men—still mathematical, too, in a recreative sense. Someone has said, "Happv

but the fact that men instead of abstract numbers [s he who has begn ht tQ h hare named puts into the statement a human element. his bands and might,have added> Happy also

The two men, a sailor and a hunter, having been [s he who has karned tQ read the h preached away, have come home Emotional imagery here b others Thefe is nQthi exclusive nr mysteri.

is ordinary. to the statement be felt, abegins though ainti than more music any the is the sailor immortal lines—But Home

. In of treeSf of sunsets home oustherein isart inownersbiphooks>of snow>

the sea, hunter and the fromfrom home the hill—art the creator first dreams> and makcs his mz 7 together truth of beautyput and expression—and the realization art of tbe ibk dream> ap. In

this is art. Any form of expression, any industry, preciation there is tbe desire to understand, and the

may become a fine art if the workman is given freesmd whkh bH understanding. The love of

dom and has vision—another word for genius. Work beaut comes with constant seeking—first recognizof any kind is drudgery or joy according to the kt> everyday beauties—soft lights and gray

is capable the of of putting beautyamount workman of veik thc of of shadow motion and manne/;

it, art enters joy, into it, it becomesinto and when the birds the of of and voke musk human Ufe isfor it. expression purpose. of high an is artist itsdf a teacher; an and and one kams who

Some forms of art are permanent, requiring tanto know and love its creations, will easily learn to gible materials for their embodiment. These are know and love the creations of those whom life has

such as architecture, painting, and sculpture, and, especially blessed to create. One who sees in an old

when they are produced, they.remain in the form garden a wealth of old dreams, of golden moments,

the artist made them, barring accidents which cause D f sunny hours spent in fragrant happiness, will see mutilation or destruction. Cathedrals, murals, old in a canvas the soul back of the pigment; the truth

masters hung in galleries and -figures carved,by hands deeper than the paint. No one can fail to be happy

long still, remain, monuments to the artist who who loves books, music, and color. And to create

created them. The Mona Lisa smile does not change happiness for oneself and others is an art.

with the years, nor the Laocoon become less vivid.

Westminster Abbey retains its stately walls through An Oriental myth declares that at the last day the centuries, for the artists who made these things everY artlst Wl11 b called upon to endow each of his put them into a material which will and does endure, creations with a soul, and every creative artist will

There are other forms of art which are as ephemeral feel this to be possible, for to him it has already as the impulse and power which produced them. a souL How important it is, then, that now, before

Music, dancing, and acting perish with their own tbat last daY sba11 come - a11 of us who live in a world flame, except as they can be preserved in memory and where the creations of art are to be seen and heard reproduced by imitation. The mechanics of writing, on everY hand shall learn to see something of the

printing, photography, and now sound recording, soul hidden beneath the sound and color and motion make possible the transmitting of the artists'idea which we call art. "It takes three to make music

and without them the classics of the world, the the composer, the performer and the listener"is a quotation often heard, but the relative importance ofpoetry, music, drama, die with literature—would adequately. be estimated the three cannot It is giventheir creators. say that the mastery of Who shall

mechanics which makes possible the preservation of to veiT few to create, and that power is a gift in a gift to the artist which expressesbeauty is less fine than the production itself. It is imdouble sense—a

possible to guess how many glorious melodies have ltself m gifts to others. And to those who give

lived and died under the hand of a mastermusician, freel y of the Godgiven talent, leaving in their wake for lack of a pencil with which to capture it; how the loveliness without which the world would be

many singing lines of poetry have sung themselves less colorful, there should in turn be given underout into space, unheard by any but the one by whom standing and appreciation.

they were created; how much rhythm of the dance To love tbe pictures> the music> the poet with

has come into silent being and gone again, quickly wbkh we are surr0unded is to increase within us those silently—andand must class so we who protbe joy of living( tbe earth. of Everygi adSOmeness

materialsduce for (holding these the means and day beauty will unify many, the felt by earth whole things for others as creative artists, in a sense. with simpHc ity and peace—a phase of religion which And those who interpret—-they too become artists, will help to bring us all into kinship and sympathy.

Fine arts are lovely in themselves, and indicate the E. T. B.

F/heimprovement

Has the Desert Failed to Blossom?

Does Utah Lack Writers, Artists, Musicians, Thinkers?

By J. H. PAUL

University of Utah

Part 1. What the Output ing produced even "a critic, or edIndicates ucator, or editor, or publicist."

What is the answer to this invery question may arouse dictment? If the charge is true,THElaughter and derision. StaUtah should repent; if false, the

of these critics should be tistics have been the usual error out. pointedanswer of Utah people to critiis notcisms of this nature; and some To reply when criticised

twelve years ago the writer had octhe way of artists. Their work

casion to refute a charge.that this speaks for them. If it does not,

State is niggardly toward public then nothing they can say by way education. It was shown that our of argument will atone for the deschool expenditures per capita of ficiency. In a case like this it is

population and in proportion to for those who are not artists to per capita wealth exceed those of comment; and their discussion,

any other State in the Union; like a landsman's opinion of faults

while national aid to Utah for in a ship, may be fruitful of imschool and educational purposes provements. The artist may be

was less than the grants to any so immersed in his work that he other State. These facts, and simfails to realize certain aspects of it.

ilar ones, come up when Utah is A detachment not too remote may challenged to give an account of be an aid to discernment. What folher intellectual status; but they relows is the view of a mere obfer only to mass results, in which server, who "hardly dares to scribUtah undoubtedly stands high, ble, or such a subject touch."

for most of her children are in school, with a high percentage in Certain Minor Writers university and college.

In the present instance these facts XJ AS Utah no literature? Those

do not suffice; for the challenge is J- J- who imagine that no poets

real ability in the arts surely have not seen the work ofduced—thatthat results have not been prohave come out of this community

of civilization has not been disSarah Carmichael Williams, a closed from this commonwealth. Utah girl for much of her life.

Utah, say H. L. Mencken and She wrote "The Feast of Lucretia

Bernard DeVoto, is a land devoid Massasoit Borgia,"a dramatic poem of merof literature, music, art—not havDesigned by C. E. Daltin it; also "The Birth of Gold,"

254 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Be wise today; 'tis madness to defer: Bible, is unfamiliar or who with the fatal Next day precedent will plead; the ideas set forth in these lines, till Thus on wisdom is pushed of out

life. will be unable to perceive their

Procrastination is the thief of time; literary rank, though they are as

after Year year it steals fled, all are truly poetic as the lines wonderful to the mercies of And a leaves tillmoment of the Russian poet in Dershavin vast concern The of eternal scene. an

his "Address to Deity."

Now, this is poetry; but how

many are there that enjoy deep Poetry of Nature which Bryant includes in his colreasoning and philosophy in poetlection of the best poetry; and ic garb? Consider a similar passHTURNING to another type of

age from O. F. Whitney, a Utah "Amputated,"which of the is one poetry—the poet: tion of stirring most patriotic fragments nature—werhymedfind in Byron'sdescripthat has ever come to the writer's "Childe Harold"stanzas that have

notice. And we have numerous been almost universally admired

other women who write creditable and commended:

verse in addition to rearing their glorious mirror, where the Alchildren. Several of our men are Thou mighty's form writing strong stories. Glasses itself in tempests; in all time,

"Mormon"hymnology (see Calm or convulsed, in breeze, or gale, or poems by Eliza R. Snow, John storm,

Icing the pole, or in the torrid clime Jaques, W. and others) W. Phelps, Darkheaving, boundless, endless, suband compares favorably with Chrislime—

tian hymns, though the latter are The image of eternity, the throne the product of 2,000 years of trial, Of the Invisible; even from out thy slime

monsters of the deep are made;whereas the output is The "Mormon"each zone

limited to a single century. Obeys thee; thou goest forth, dread,

A Major Poet? And I havefathomless,loved thee,alone. Ocean! and my

THETHER or not we have Of youthfuljoy sports was on thy breast major poets in Utah will deto be pend largely on our conception, Borne, like thy bubbles, onward. From

a boy definition,our our appreciation, of in I wantoned thy breakers; they to mepoetry. Few, I fancy, will dis- a delight; Were and if the freshening

cover much poetry in Young's Made them a terror, 'twas a pleasingsea fear;"Night Thoughts,"because not

it as I was, were, a child thee, of it is deficient in poetic trusted to power ForAnd thy billows far near, andbut because it consists reflections of laid And hand upon thy my mane,on life, death, immortality—-top- I do here. as

ics that have rarely been enjoyed by any but those who have sufThe critics are at one in holdfered just such reverses and disaping that this is noble poetry. Conpointments as the author himself sider, then, from "The Soul of

underwent. Yet this work, sombre Song"in Whitney's "Elias"the

and gloomy, portrays in stately opening stanzas of Canto II:

diction the grandeur of nature and hills, the sublimity of the divine the atSeagull Monument HereWatchfullet me linger,and solemnO mywardersnative o'er tributes; while its incisive arguDesigned by M. M. Young waste;

ments against,sin and unbelief With what a joy the bounding bosom thrills,make a profound impression upon Elijah steps, rays he whose Whose aspiring, mar your sumcomes—Elijah,religious thinkers. Thus: Bespeak the Lord of Glory, chaste! mits from whose

light robes and rarest All splendors, Vain, language—richesttaste. paling, hide their tapers

Poetry of Religion dim.

the to He comes reap, world the vineyard use not our time; breathe,We waste, we prune,

live; not to wheat garner the tares to and is existence; is life: The wasted used,Time burn;

bare existence live to ordained. man,And his comes, face a He furnace, melting

oppressesWrings and with enormous pride, weight. Consuming wickedness, and cleansing

earth.

Here the very meaning is obHe comes the hearts of sons and sires to turn,scure to analysts, language all but plant anew the promises of old, To perceive that is thewho "man"Binding the present to the parent grammatical object of the verbs Part unto whole, time to eternity.past,"wrings and oppresses."Popu-—From "Elias,"Canto V.

lar literature must be understandable at a glance. Again: One who does not know his

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 255

How clothe description in befitting those that have come to his notice was the output of men who had dress, are: as notable, else i for that to he regards at something and work

haste, halts imagination's wingedWhen C. be daily bread. Lode, Comstock by C. One can hardly The litin conscious mute wonder's Wrapt

tleness, Goodwin; John Stevens's Courtan artist of world renown and be

Where loom the cloudcrowned monship, by Susa Young Gates; and anything else. Art, said to be a

archs of the wilderness? Wild Roses, by Howard R. Driggs. jealous mistress, brooks no rivals;

favorably has heard he works of communities Others in poor and

I roam, and still have lovedWhere o'er not had but has chances of profitable upon art have commented few to roam,

From childhood's rosehued, scarcethe opportunity to read. sale.

remembered day, And found my pensive soul's congenial Concerning Musicians home

Far from the depths where human TITH music also, it is the play. passions

Born at their feet, my own have learned ** writer's conviction that to stray Utah fares well. Certain critics

Familiar o'er these pathless heights, have said that the work of several feel, and the mind assume a loftier sway, of her composers, notably that ofAs now,

Soaring for themes that o'er its sumStephens and Shepherd, is suggesmits steal, tive of the masters. The hymns

Beyond all thought to reach, all utof Careless have the classical tone;

terance to reveal. those of Fones, Smyth, and others

are said harmonic; to be deeply maintain course, of may, One in this persons so while many is poetry; but these neither ofthat

State in rendition and are notable can any one consistently hold that..:,...... ':'..:-.,..,.;.:..;:.::: space forbids interpretation that

Byron's verses do, while Whitthe enumeration. Moreover, the

ney's do not, flame with poetic writer would hesitate to name beauty and mount to poetic granTABERNACLE ORGAN some rather than others, or to deur? Moreover, many a poet has One of the largest find probably the most record an opinion of the work of

it is a theme ocean;written of the famous of pipe organs in the world has slight he those of whom

flightsthat invites of fancy. Few, sevStephens, knowledge. As to

compositions, of his to my unAbout Artists eral the suggesthowever,mountains—ahave factsucceededthat renderswith A Remark apprehension, trained

Whitney's stirring lines the more CONCERNINGnoteworthy. ion may be artists,worth annothingopinbeautythe Brooklet,"of Foster'sa duetwork.never pub-"By

from one whose only qualification lished, is one of these; while it

Dramatic Art for comment is admiration for would not be surprising, at least it other the to the to writer their Yet, seems and work. many

specifically is not stageHTHE orareligious listeners, the writer, if his recent statement sweeping indictment in the -*- named to artists rank torios should be should found has that no Utah Neverthelessagainst Utah. productions. one, worldfamous with any been it not by made have

excluded and well becannot is ascermost beyond Shepherd's have could inquiry work when included. therefore beshould listened but to us, have tained and there that are we between 35 of

critics never that ourStrange it; little yet we what of from artists and whose 50 work Utah Hazel Adams, ofheard Maude it that is doubt not hear exhibits do in held being we shown

, Margie, (Hazel Tout)Dawn high. City, ranks in twice Salt Lake a month

Dwyer, Pollock the play writer, and that 27 of the schools of Utah Community music flourishes in

Royle, author of The Squaw Man. maintain art exhibits of their own. Utah. Each church has its choir

It is of record that great plays In the last ten years there have and soloists; and the entire congrewere produced in Utah from the been 139 such exhibitions. Pupils gation also sings—a feature most

earliest times. Actors of worldare taught underlying principles; distinctive, perhaps, of musical

wide fame tell of the regard they and as far as the writer can learn, culture in this State. General parhave for Utah because of the corthere is perhaps no other State ticipation in all kinds of public

dial welcome and discriminating that is doing more to advance programs is usual, so that culture appreciation accorded them here. among its people a knowledge of is widely diffused. Sunday Schools

The actor's best asset is his auart. So, too, if those who make and young people's meetings are

dience; and if the people of Utah the charge that Utah produces no participated in by people of all

had been deficient in the ability to artists had ever heard of C. E. ages, and the practice of public

recognize good acting when they Dallin of Boston, Avard Fairspeaking is said to be far more saw it, these personages of world banks of Ann Arbor, or Mahonri general here than elsewhere.

fame could not have remembered Young of New York, he would to pleasure the genuine withthem realized that perhaps have the atScience and History bear witwhich of them so many unfavoris not mosphere of Utah ness. The writer is informed that able to artistic development. The C CIENCE and history are not

Utah is well represented in the acpainters whose work is at all usually considered literature;

tor population of Hollywood. known to the writer were of earlier yet we may suppose that they are

It has not fallen to the writer times, and while it appeared to included in the view of our critics.

to deal much with works of fiction compare favorably with contemEarly in Utah history Orson Pratt put forth by Utah people. Among porary American production, it was distinguished as an astrono256 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

mer, Barfoot as a naturalist, Tulproduces by way of defense of the picture of life among the Sholidge as a historian. John R. Park church or in way of exposition of shones. Hidden Heroes of the

and Karl G. Maeser are celebrated doctrine, even though it may posRockies, by Russell and Driggs,

among early educators. Later, sess high merit, it is looked upon possesses literary merit besides givPenrose and Goodwin stood out with suspicion and usually dising evidence of painstaking reas able editors, the former remindcounted by literary critics. A consearch.

ing of Charles A. Dana, the latter siderable number of works of this Referring again to The; Life

of Henry Watterson. Able pubkind, designed chiefly as textStory of Brigham 'Young, it was

lic speakers have never been rare books, have been produced in considered of sufficient merit that here. In our day Roberts, in his Utah. Roberts, Whitney, Talthe conservative publishing houses

"History of the Church,"may mage, Nelson, Dalby, Widtsoe, of Jarrolds, London, and the Machave rivaled Gibbon; and Levi McKay, and others have set forth millan Company, of New York,

Edgar Young's contributions are scholarly materials of this nature, have printed large editions at their notable. Harvey Fletcher, physieach book showing evidences of own expense. Furthermore, an

cist; R. V. Chamberlain, zooloresearch. Notable among these is eastern magazine mentions this

gist; Franklin S. Harris, biologist; the Commentary on the Doctrine work as one worthy of consideraFred J. Pack, geologist; A. O. and Covenants, by Hyrum M. tion for the Pulitzer prize.

Treganza, ornithologist; Alfred Smith, and J. M. Sjodahl, and An

are IntroductionRordame, to the Study astronomer—these of the Literature Develops Slowly to names that come by Sjodahl;among the Book of Mormon,

scientific inof of think and Mormonism, The Vitalitymind as we that,1 however, am C UPPOSE,vestigators other day, works, of our James E. Talworking by *-* Carrecognizing in error in

respective mage. in theirout problems

scientificfields to and contributing Biographies are not lacking. To michaelStephens andand othersothersas asmusicians;poets;knowledge. the writer the most outstanding of Roberts and others as historians;

As to publicists, of which Mr. these are The Life Story of BrigHafen and others as early artists;

DeVoto says Utah has produced ham Young, by Susa Young Gates besides editors, scientists, publicists,

Parley of and Autobiography The of hear didnone, George he never then? mentioned not here—what Pratt, P. Pratt, edited Parley P. by Rawlins, L. Joseph Cannon,Q. in Is the therefore "at term"Utah

Jr. hisSeveral the able works on King, Smoot, H. WilliamReed last been fine arts? word Has the

George Sutherland, Justice of the tory of the "Mormon Battalion"said? Certainly not; she has yet

(Tyler, published, have been Court, J. ReubenU. S. Supreme time can still achieve and enough Golder) White Indian Boy,. The and to Mexico,Clark, ambassador lacking. she is wherever by Howard R. Driggs gives a good highly reothers? of these, Each

According to Lessing, it reis in of Congress, the hallsgarded nationally and internationally quires Europe, on the average, fifty really years one good respected. andknown

last, will that book book—ato produce surgery have flourTrue Slavery Defined Medicine and test the the of time and standing

the ofished the days from in Utah generasucceeding of By Bessie Decker judgment at presprofessioncolonists. The of is the center Europe tions. But

ent ranks high, receiving the en- E is a slave civilization, the light of the world.

specialists free will, over to at of roam Thocomiums the fl than 1,000 more years many lets his passions angry govern For Who the proSo doeswhole country. its of have millions of hundreds hate the control mind. And and teaching.fession of Men literature lives their to and devoted

women, formerly of Utah, are He is a knave the fine arts. Now, if it requires

prominent in education and other Who cannot rule himself, 400 million people an average of states not patience the nor has knows of inpositions Who many fifty genuine years to one produce learned federal offices of the in andUnion centuries for that is to be read work art of being kind. The the oncegovernment. It was it to come, long should how

writer's privilege to show through He is not free take a community of half a milall School his Trainingthe works University with power a Who last of frontier settled lion the on the praise gain wealth and and To of educational delegationvisiting still oivilization battling and glory, hadexperts Uruguay, from who of the desert poverty the with and honor, of fame men. The other at a yearspent and Columbia it If pioneer conditions? be true

American universities. Without He will not be that Utah as yet has produced

peace so, with heaven and invitation they proAt to God doany it is far too while, nothing worth Till has learned love to his he neighbors one School the Stewartnounced her. early to despair of all can. help he them And best, if they best, the not theof

this realizes in that writer The continent. visited the onhad is a slave He recalled sketch, hurried has not he

a he king be Tho may all that the meritorious even works is a tyrant, his using not power Who

Theology, Bible Study, To help his fellow man. he has seen from Utah authors;

Biography while of those not mentioned beHe may be brave, cause he has not examined them, he But loyal always who's disadvantage that attaches It is quite'"THE a few. there be must

self finds true freeand others of a religious nature To * to works herein indicated to have enough dom—

(the theologicum odium of the Is free, since time began. what the literary output is like and

Middle Ages) persists from early to have made a beginning that othtimes. No matter what an author ers may more fitly build upon.

'Tis Spring cNiht My Gold By L. E. Flack By Gladys Hendrickson By Grace Ingles Frost

sun, the in morning gold my is FOUND calling; robin's note lake black wasT'HE just life had the day of the When bluebird's the wing; THE on The tears silver reflected J silver moon A begun; reecho sounds woodland The at the shore And throat, songbird's a lilting of note the In carols spring. the of With waters sobbed The quiet a the on of sheen the moon And. ears. unlistening hard, To the in snowdrifts moat; meadows The forest crooned The butterfly, a of wings the gorgeous quite melted away; Have On cradle song swaying A starflecked a cloudfleece on soft a are chickadees haunting The And the wind hushed That today. land sky; northern Some long of the stilled whispers the And end, at rainbow's the radiant glow the In night. Snowmantled green bursting tiny buds friend; The a of heart the I in saw what And

trees, cherry the refrain, Upon blithe shower's tranquil a In

Will soon give place to blossoms white fl&tfsJSsfrAnd sometimes deep in the throes of pain.

That flutter in the breeze.

astir earth's withThe every thing throbbing life, Sin& Ho for the Weather You Will be Called growing And

Takes up the call, the gladsome call, By Ada E. Latimer

'Tis spring! 'Tis spring! "Tis Palmer D. Annie By the morrow that on known had you spring! meet to JF called home be would You

e'2isftoiit the for weather when ho your Maker SING snows, today? sinned have you Would

it blows! it the rains, of and Land when From Day to when did And as you cheated have you Would

shine, clearest clouds darkest and The pelf, little earthly a gain of Niht! the To Sea

divine. alike love Reflect the things? worldly for greed satisfy your To

tall Frances yourshield Nut By bit to lied a have you Would self and bright, sunshine for the warm on our snow white steed we'll Sing hoSWIFT with which you were rightly it brings; From that flood of joy the go For

blamed? June, sunset, of flowers fast Full of the the land of from buds May, the The

have passed your brother on pings. Would you that lark ride will the hangs sky the where Hard meadow we And

street the winter's crown wealth and autumn's low With to cheer him on? word a kindly Without its beams, with the earth in the sunset. glory in And meets Of

praise song of the Or left sunshine happiness out pours The glow, crimson soft in the unsung? warming, Deep above him happiest dreams. To our Beyond

ride have tried to live a perthrough We'll the sun would down You No. gentle, radiant sunshine! the Oh,

trees, fect day! to sing nature All seems

your words and actions, Trees from bees, the birds flowers and trees, Then watch and which swallows are swinging The low Joy laughs in everything. And each morn that dawns,

breeze. cheerful aim the pass as sing on this your we To Make

life f s With nobly fair and battle To rain, splashing pouring, the for Sing ho flow, golden the to rose the from Down storms. roar; crash and thunderous With sun, in dying the the of waves flow be called will The you tomorrow some split the shafts that sky For lightning go, And we'll sea the of to the moon Down home o'er! floating blackness is Through the day sea the to when Oh, down Maker. your meet To tells promise the of Afar bow done.

Of sure and plenteous yields, golden moon, the sea of the forestry, in Golden, In meadow lands, It Proved a Master Stroke stallion, white great in fields. our gardens, In and from We leap

Sail to the crest of the golden moon Oh, pouring, dashing, splashing rain! By Ida R. Alldredge

galleon. rejoice; vales and hills The simple rhyme a penned A POET her promise reads nature thought a tender He clothed the end thundering voice. JLX. the stormking's of the day, AndIn lline line by measures rhythmic In is gleaming, Journeying,—yes—toWe'llIn prowvoyageof oura seagoldenthat

fraught. true was joy Wherein the dusk, away the to Soft moon—in wind! hurrying, howling the for Sing ho dreamalways to gold, crimson From little skill prayer a therein test or breathed might of The He ing! peace love's gentle perfume the sprinkled with never Comes And

Of zeyphrs soft and still. He scattered bits of kindly cheer

end, the gloom. life's the to dispel tempest help brave To To Prelude fierce strong and However

hope undying with strengthened He gale, the of is lesson the This Hendrickson Gladys By cloak friendship's in garbed And song. flight of blustering His

it sleeps not valley the poet knew though And wind! scurrying, howling hurrying, Oh,T'HE it in; fold stroke. purple shadows a master It proved The low; and high long, blow Blow

I the it sleeps, hear wind as Yet stern, the learn wisdom may So men the its world into It sang way trees. the through Brush conflicts grow. life's by And high mountains It the scaled spin threaded, goldenmoments, The

depth. ocean's the mighty spanned tapestries. Dawn's sleet! And and cold snow and the for Sing ho die. cannot poets chill! Such and cold, snow winter's and Oh, white, soft and silence The

Enfolding in a priceless shroud

The landscape gay and bright.

The seal of death o'er all the vale,

The mountain, and the plain, Bid hope and faith live on—we know

The flowers will bloom again.

You teach us o'er and o'er, That death's long sleep must end in life

In life forevermore.

Facing Life By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

II The Courage to "Carry On"

questions which have One of them is submitted by "And they won't take the kidTHEcome in since the publica- a young man who because of the dies?"

divorce of his parents is left, as he "Don't be silly!"tion of the first article in

this series are very stimulating and says, "financially stranded."He "And of course they won't had to hoped to go will me, they?"indicate that college—but want and woyoung men

all up."now—"That's "Say, Ann, are you drivwhat genuinely as concernedmen are

course Of is "all nothing up"ing at?"life. Itthey face is evident that till he gives up. In youth, being "Tom, while I have you andpersonal cannot answers be written

is essentially in "All Up"have me, the you together and have weto individual each inquiry—chal- I mind. often think of the exkiddies our live the heart to andlenging as such undertaking an

perience a of young who, it'll man for them, never be all up."be. questionsmight these But

having faced serious reverses, came It was women's hearts like that can all be grouped about basic tell from home to one night work beat strongest which unconsiderations general suggesand—hearts ihis it that wife "all was up."She der built ourtions be offered can of by way emergencies—that as saw he him across came the of out a wilderness. Westsolution. readers the That may porch, face his full dejection. ofbetter their inquiries, foltime the find perhaps can our we the T5UT matter, "What's Tom?"set are headingslowing as down best this for answer it's young all "Oh, lost

series index up—we'vean to the herewith in the solution offered the in man, even coming everything—they'represented:

cases. ofcher neartwb were They to take tomorrow the furniture."1. Life. Facing ly alike to in be enough grouped at She looked the him with look 2. to Courage "Carry The consideration. one were Both a only which woman's devotionOn."cases of couples. married young can prompt.

3. are Limitations? What loss In of them, a of one job had lost "We've everything?"she 4. Foresight Building For Your—led to couple one think through queried.

'Tomorrow. 'their across the out problem whole 'Yes—everything. 5. What Can Do? You years. the In of other the union aren't going "They to take you, 6. What Would You lives led to a had the two are common they?"Choose Tom, Do?To aspiration. It is wonderful how "Why, of course not."7. What Is a Good Job? in marriage a a happy worthy wo-

8. Constitutes Success? What life a can bring into the of man

9. What Fields Are Open? man ideals which he never dreamed

10. What Is Your Best Preparawere native to his soul.

tion? Let's look at the one case and

Helpful of reference books will at the solution one offered—thisbe listed as the articles get under chanced to be a personal interway and other suggestions will be view. Here is a young couple,

offered to satisfy the needs of readmarried year, within the a with ers facing perplexities. few assets, liawith a few more

and of out bilities—suddenly—of the received questions\A ANY work. job in sight. no And What1 * the during month will fit could he do?

naturally into the sequence of In the discussion, it developed these articles at a later date. Those that his real ambition was to comwho have submitted them will, plete his college training so that

I am sure, exercise due patience. he could teach in a high school

Should any one face a real emeror engage in some other kind of gency if he will call particular atsocial work. She shared in that

tention to his need of an immediaspiration. But they were in debt I

ate reply, an effort will be made Fortunately, there chanced to be to answer him. sale's a open ofwhich job—rone of Three the questions of the fered an opportunity for of both

month center in the thought of them jointly. Why not go into

this present article, "The Courage the work vigorously and enthusito Carry On."astically and carry on such a proThe Improvement Era for March, 1931 259

gram that by next fall both of the west into his make up. The

of roughness of to college back Out could comethem Doors—the

a to him brought expeHills Riding year'sable, because of their Rough which couragerience, to part time, new do enough on courage—a loved

political dare the greatest college.to carry him through your plains, made him valleys, At /NEVERYour gentle

least, they have made the beginYour drowsy country lanes odds of a nation. It was a wonning. It's real romance to catch And pleached alleys. derful courage which took him

bring- a sheltered life faces from out in sudWestthe gleam of new hills! the I want my to the trail ing back again and the sun. to turned up "Alldenly hollow. the scorns That

fire's died Up, up the ragged shale House, strong enough to bear theup?"—not unless the White

out of the soul. Where few Will follow. burdens of the highest office within

the this article to power of the American people the title Hence crest over wooded to bestow. to 'Carry On'."Up, 'The Courage boulder mossy And

The circumstances attached to each With strong thigh, heaving chest. Rodin rose to world fame upon

case may vary, but the essential And swinging shoulder, a program throughout adolescence all.principle underlies Other them in fairly tires coneven one

let my way. which me hold So equal,things being conquers "he at a up templation. boy Fancy halted, nothing Bywho knows not defeat."Even Until, at close of day, six each morning to get in two

though he may not achieve mate- I stand exalted, hours of sketching before going rial success, he builds up such soul to a drawing school. Watch him

hills on High of dream—mystuff spiritual that to he rises new he lunch that dispose of a hurried me! hills that know Dear

all afterheights, the real are which a good might steal will away during fair seem then, how And attainments in life. The land below me; part of the noon hour to make

observations among the masters.

vespertime, at pure, How is afternoon ages. the recipe anr"PHIS Follow of the him through chiming! bells far The

is hurry of clerkship only to home -*- There novelty mysterious no to climb, hills give me God, about it. Just good, oldfashioned And strength for climbing! to continue his sketching far intogrit. Determination—courage—the night. Of course, we can'tand no end of work. We lay all be Rodins—or Roosevelts—it

this early foundation because upon that—but

it all busied else rests. It is Thomas Carlyle preached the same iftakestheynativewith geniusall theirforgifts not a picturesque subject for a discussion, gospel with all the vigor of his themselves through long hours of

but without it all else is in vain. dynamic personality. Bunyan painstaking effort, how significant Pro- "Pilgrim's the world gaveBrilliancy to of the us thought Cour- "peter "so- "The out;"may of a background of t>ut gress"cial niceties"to age Carry On."become an but may courlife. the for Except prisonecho; honest, but vigorous work this at so of the outset And odds, against age "Carry to On"can denied. not be series sigbasic the urge we may into sunk have his might name bears History witness that such nificance that of thought homely oblivion.is case. the Dickens pasted once achieve pay would "He must who

labels on boxes of shoe blacking, in honest toil the price demandedbut he dreamed a dream—and he HTHEODORE ROOSEVELT, of those who would go up from

worked to make his dream come sickly in childhood and the plateaus of life into the true. Read again his "David doomed apparently to an asthmatic heights."Arthur Guiterman's

Copperfield"if you would catch isolation from the active affairs of "Hills"offers a fitting epilogue to a genuine enthusiasm for life. men, literally built the vigor of this thought.

>- 4}Ok@&Xll'Mark Twain and Present Day Conditions

From an address by Elder Charles H. Hart at the October conference. 1916.

HAVE often quoted the words and light, whether she is to be a vestal will not do for us to sit supinely she whether desecrated of the philosopher and |huofthe afallenholy priestesstemple—orof a shrine."I morist, Mark Twain: will be downteacher andor bishopthink isthatgoingtheto wardlook

"When we consider the tremendous after our boy and girl. It will forces of the upper and nether world A T no time since my rememtake the best ingenuity of the stake

which play for the mastery of the soul brance has there been such a presidents and bishops to control of a woman, during the few years in wave of unrest and of evil as is wisely the dancing situation; and

she plastic which girlhood passes from to sweeping over the country in this they will need the help of every the ripe maturity of we womanhood, may well stand in awe before the moday. The citadels of modesty are father and of every mother in domentous drama. Nature must needs cenbeing assaulted as never before in ing this work. * * *

ter possibilities the in her all of life. What my remembrance. The forces of We must look after our living capacities she for tenderness, has goodness; what capacities for vileness, bitterthe nether world, to use the exchildren, and not be content in

ness and evil. Nature must needs be lavpression of Twain, are very active. case of an emergency to display

ish with the mother and creator of men It is necessary for the forces of wonderful zeal for the dead.

possibilities in all the her and center of good to be equally vigilant. We Grownups must be more vigilant life. critical years can decide few And a

whether her life is to be full of sweetness must be militant in this work. It and militant in attacking evil.

As a Native East Indian Views the Situation By DALJIT SINGH SADHARIA University of Oregon

mation—onheaval and thetremendouseve of farreachingtransfor- completelydiscussions neglected.and metaphysicalReligious

changes that will leave a permawranglings interested them more nent mark on her life and instituthan their past history and cultural tions and will inaugurate a new traditions. Their genius and asera in her history.

The various political and sociological movements that are sweeping over the country from one end to the other will bring about a revolutionary change in the

The Author structure of Indian society and a radical The author of (this article, Dalj if modification in the

Singh Sadharia, is a native of East political relations beIndia. He came to this country in tween the Eastern and

1923, and graduated from the Unithe Western peoples.

versity of Oregon;in 1929, majorIndia stands at the

ing in journalism. is a regular He

contributor to a number of Amerparting of the ways.

ican magazines and to several Intheir vernacular, in papersdian present Indian HHHE understandsthree of which and he for na- -* movementwrites, as as well a being master of

English and German and undertional emancipation standing some French. It is his is of recent origin and

intention to remain in the west this is the direct outto Harvard to gowinter and for his growth of English year. nextmaster's degree

rule and of external forces working on INDIA at present occupies an India for the last important position on the thirty years. Before

world's stage. The eyes of all it received the western

civilized communities are centered impact of the nineon her, and the dramatic and even teenth century Hintragic events that of late have been dustan lacked all the convulsing her are attracting unirequisites and attriversal attention. Never before has butes that go to conCourtesy Salt Lake Tribune

the importance of India been so stitute a homogenous Picture of Mahatma Gandhi and his wife, taken widely recognized or so fully appolitical unit. Half some time ago.

preciated as at present. That great a century ago the Inpeninsula with its immense andian people knew almost nothing piration did not express themselves

tiquity, deeply rooted and imabout their origins or their history. in the realm of politics and secular

memorial civilization, vast popuThe glorious deeds of their anambitions and were not directed lations, ancient religions, philocestors were remembered only in to worldly achievements and greatsophical systems and fighting races a vague, legendary [fashion, the ness. Their whole attention was

is in the throes of portentous upstudy of the national history being concentrated on the interests of the

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 261

hereafter and their intellect and ropean thought and letters and tions. Finally they organized the

energies were wasted in speculawas fed upon the doctrines of libIndian national congress in 1885 tions. The demoralizing teaching eralism, constitutional freedom, to give expression to the aspiraof the faiths of Hinduism and nationality and of the French tions generated in them by British

Islamism inculcated passivity and Revolution. New generations of political theories and to agitate for

a fatalistic resignation and reduced Indians were born inoculated with reforms in the administration of the people to impotence and virEuropean ideas and intoxicated the country. By the close of the

tual death. The great wars and with the strong wines of the west. nineteenth century the Indian poterritorial rivallitical leaders

ries which dewere frankly vastated India demanding in the sevensweeping innoteenth and eighvations in the teenth centuries government of destroyed all the the country, refinements of such as reprecivilization and sentative counculture, crushcils, increasing ing out all love control over of country or taxation and loyalty to the the opening of nation. the public servall the way up impactT HE ices to Indians

scale. the of the west

aroused India Meanwhile from the slumother momenber of ages. It tous internal

led to startling and external results and to a events were most remarkable wielding an intransformation fluence upon Inof the political, dian thought.

social, ecoand partition The life the Indian Riots Courtesy Salt Lake Tribune ofnomic of Bengal by country. The Lord Curzon

English rulers brought with them Though they (1905) in the their novel ideas and innovations were yet a mere face of veheand patterned India after their own film on the vast ment opposiconceptions of political and ecosurface of InrMHmmm tion, and his vinomic organization. They condian society and olent aspersions

solidated India from Cape Camorin were an infinion Indian charto Peshawar under their firm potesimal minoracter and ethical litical control and put her upon ity, they exerideals, aroused a uniform system of law admincised an all im- a fierce hatred in istration. They endowed her with portant influthe breasts of

all the unifying forces of modern ence and became the Bengalis and culture such as roads and railways, the natural leadset all India on posts and telegraphs, books and ers of their peofire. Hitherto

papers, and above all modern eduple. They Indian nationalcation, a real her political gave and to sought regenism had moved

entity. introduction of EngThe erate India on in peacefullish scientific secular and education the basis of Euchannels anddeeply disturbed the old mental ropean precehad remained

stagnation the of Indian people dents to and 'to confined life a infusedand into the new bring her an line with western classes. modern educated But now theirdry society. It bones of conditions. In realize it prder to became exceedingly selfassertive

released the dormant and intellectheir high political oraims they and influence to large began numtual spirand ganized clubs associations and bers of people. the Indian wave Aitual energies where they discussed political of patriotic frenzy the over swept

and directed and economic questions; they country and a cry of "India for the

them into founded many papers, both in Indians"was heard from Calcutta useful and English and vernacular, to edto Peshawar. The victories of

secular chanucate public opinion; and they Young Japan over Czarist Russia

nels. The Incalled into existence several reformthrilled India and intensified Indian mind mg movements in order to purge dian national consciousness. The

was introIndian religions of their grossest humiliation of a formidable westduced to Euidolatry and the rankest superstiern power by an insignificant east262 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

ern nation shattered the military State for India, that her policy children, and mowed them down prestige of occidental civilization would be the establishment of relike grass, without warning and in the eyes of all Orientals and sponsible and representative govwithout compassion.

destroyed the legend of European ernment in India as an integral invincibility and the nightmare part of the British Empire. India TT was at this critical period that

of western superiority. The was stirred by new hopes as she -L Mahatma Gandhi appeared on

rapidity with jwhich the Land of had never been moved before. She the Indian scene and inaugurated

Nippon appropriated. all the thought that the promises made one of the most powerful political

paraphernalia of European by responsible British statesmen and social movements of modern secular culture and leapt into would be fully redeemed and that times. He was well qualified

the constellation of the great by his character, intelpowers of the world surlect, training, and education prised the eastern races and to head a movement of reengendered wild ambitions. volt against British dominaThe success of the Young tion and to lead the Indian

Turks, the Persian revolu- "people in the path of freetion, and the dramatic overdom and national liberathrow of the Manchus tion. Born and bred in a

(1912) by the party of rich and prosperous family

Sun Yat Sen inflamed the he had all the advantages of sensitive Indian political an early education. His

consciousness and bred a fufather, Karamchand Gandrious hatred for alien auhi, a wealthy and a learned thority and domination. lllit man, was prime minister in

The Great War, which conone of the important Indian noted to the east the spiritnative states, and was highual hollowness and bankly respected and loved by ruptcy of western civilizathe common people for his tion, finally the **##*'completed of character, ad-:Sg nobility process the sigand became ministrative ability and

nal for selfdetermination the purity of his motives.

and racial assertion in India Gandhi's mother was an and Asia. she would be launched on the orthodox Hindu lady, with

career of a selfgoverning nation deep religious and moral feelTN the Great War, India stood like the British Dominions. ings and with keen appreciation

* loyally litput classical England love by of and and Sanskrit in this she bitterly But was all efforts the forth her to save erature philosophy. She and was disappointed. Instead of conferperil British of Empire a from the jealous affectionate and mother ring the blessings selfgovern- ofGerman militarism. She contribment and representative instituand was animated by kindness and

in uted enormously love and children. towards monher men She tions the British governmentey part played evinced an and important interest their in profound forced her Act, upon the Rowlatt in the care bringing Central Powers education and taught and other to and reactionary measures,

their selfknees. of the the of None them some moral maxims at which were strike intended togoverning a greatspiritual dominions in truths and made as revealed the very root of the nationalist

er to the contribution of defense the sacred religious of and books the movement, the freedom ofthe Empire. In India. alone India men inherited Gandhi many press, at the right and public of

the qualitiesprovided his than 100,000 more parents from which meetings discussions. and Thetotal soldiers sent so of endear number to by the his hearts him of Rowlatt Act the was passed by

all colonies the together. put countrymen She and the make him BritishIndian bureaucracy the in

contributed influential nearly figure in politics $500,000,000 Indian teeth of vehement opposition and gift lifeas a special is to defray the national and extoday. he From the became the law of land withhis Britain'spenses of Great father he inherited and a war deter the out elected approval of Inthe

helped every possible of te Her mmation purpose the way and m dian of Legislative h mem side sidesons nacity fought he a of with by will, serenity Powerful Assembl Meetings held were y *. soldiersBritish battlefields the on of sense mind, puplic of duty, and all ia tQ oyer Ind

. Vof France Palestine, Mesopotamia, j for the sympathy downtrodden a and A H J *Turkey, Egypt, Africa, East and the and oppressed, his and from itation lfed h. their loyaltyand bravery and were c * mother, love of truth fof *t,*the and moral rw,One these most important-, offn,r-fully l-iuBritish vJaIaAacknowledged uby life. purity fact, meetings of his In held at parents was Amritsar, the

publicists.statesmen and Henry sacred city left of the Sikhs, stone where to unturned no mould theAsquith, war time premier, more than two thousand people after their him to and own hearttold the House of Commons that assembled to their record disapall afford facilities of educahim

henceforth the problem of India proval of the reactionary policy of tion.

would be treated from a new angle the British government. General

of vision. On Aug. 20, 1917, Dyer, who was commissioned by After graduating from a native

Great Britain made the solemn the Indian government to quell school in his home town,: Gandhi

declaration through Mr. Monany disturbance in the city, fired was sent to England to study law.

tague, the war time Secretary of upon innocent men, women, and He qualified himself for the bar

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 263

at the University of London, and which aroused millions of the fraternal union, patriotism and on his return to India was duly people. His invincible courage, love of freedom, and learn to stand

admitted as an advocate of the his complete aversion to material together when their national honHigh Court of Bombay. He pracsuccess and power, his utter inor and rights are encroached upon

ticed for a number of years and difference to approval or abuse, his and menaced by an alien power.

was making a success in his legal tenacious and imperious will, his Thus cemented together they practice when an event happened uncompromising and downright would stand forth as a virile which proved the turning poinv adherence to what he believed his nation, and no human power in his life and decided his future duty and central aim, the austerity would be able,to thwart their career. He was asked by his counand spirituality of his daily life common will and throttle their

trymen to go to South Africa to all worked as a magic spell and national aspirations. They had

plead the case of Indian settlers exalted him to divinity in the only to withdraw their cooperathere and to extricate them from minds of his people and invested tion from a foreign government the legal racial discrimination unhim, in the eyes of his followers, that oppressed them and deprived der which they labored and sufwith religious sanctity and superthem of all their political rights, fered. natural powers. When the Amand that government, though

Gandhi tried all legal means to ritsar tragedy sent a thrill of horequipped with all the resources of redress the grievances of his counror through the length and breadth science, efficient instruments of trymen, but the South African of India and a widespread politihuman destruction, with subtle government refused to take the cal discontent and agitation condiplomacy and political acumen, discriminatory legislation from vulsed the country, Mahatma would find itself powerless, and as the statute books. He therefore Gandhi proved the man of the far as they were concerned would

advised his clients to practice pashour and led a movement that collapse like a house of cards. And

sive resistance and to disobey all has already altered human conIndia thus freed would rise like a laws which infringed on their sciousness and shaken the whole new constellation in the firmament rights and reduced them to the fabric of the British Empire to its and would lead the world to the level of a community without very foundations. highest spiritual conquests.

caste. He welded them into one

laid himput by and program brotherhoodcohesive down even more HTHE a gospel preached TUTE this vision he head. was this grand Forself at their -* which his personality. than -*--*- sublime

was arrested along with many of It was a message of hope and selfto be realized was probably the his followers and sent to jail. He reliance, of renewed selfrespect most significant in modern Indian

was beaten and roughly handled and national assertion, and of freehistory and the most powerful but persisted in his vow of nondom and regenerated manhood. force in contemporary Indian poliresistance, strictly enjoining upon The independence of India was to tics. It revolutionized the ways

his followers not to resort to viobe achieved by religious and moral of thinking and doing things of lence and reprisal. After a hard means, and not by warfare and the Indian people and united them

and strenuous agitation he combloodshed, nor by revolutionary on a common fraternal basis. In

pelled the South African adminismethods and political assassinabrief the program was one of gradtration to yield to his demands tions. Indeed, freedom won by ual withdrawal by the Indian from

and to concede the rights of citizenthe accepted methods of European all cooperation with their English ship to his fellow countrymen. history would not be worth the rulers, threatening a paralysis of

cost and would not raise India the BritishIndian governmental

Mahatma Gandhi refrom her depths of moral and mastructure. It conceived a wholeWHEN turned to India from South terial decrepitude to the desired sale boycott of everything English

Africa he was hailed as a hero and high plane of social and spiritual and involved a gigantic national martyr and was greeted with genexistence. Real salvation and freestrike. Government servants were

uine and enthusiastic ovations dom of Aryabharata would come to resign their seats and to earn wherever he went. Vast crowds only from moral regeneration and their livelihood by trade and inflocked to him and listened to his inner purification. The Indian dustry; lawyers were to give up

serene and feeble voice with deep people must put away their abject their practice and assist in the orinterest and admiration. He was servility, utter helplessness, sloth, ganization of national institutions

garlanded and presented with adand every form of moral impurity, of justice; students were to leave

dresses of welcome, and was looked and renew their life in courage, government schools and colleges upon with spiritual reverence and honor, bravery, and selfhelp. and prosecute their studies in naawe, almost amounting to worThey must do away with their tional educational institutions.

ship. Clothed in the rough homesordid rivalries, communal dissenThey were to spread the gospel of

spun blankets of his people, with sions, racial rancors and animosipatriotism among the inarticulate bare head and bare feet, he travties and cultivate the virtues of village people and to carry the eled throughout India telling about message of national independence his work in South Africa, explainand emancipation to the peasantry ing to the enthusiastic crowds the and women of the country. All

power and value of his methods Indians in the British army and of agitation, urging on his counthe British police were to abjure trymen the precepts of human their connection and help form a brotherhood, equality, justice, national militia to instruct the moral purity, and preaching freeyouth in physical exercises and mildom with a disinterested sincerity [Continued on page 303]

Expatriation

HUGH J. CANNON

Illustrated by Paul S.filowes

Chapter Eight

visit of the Red- T,HEJessie was made shorter fields and than had been anticipated. An unexpected demand was made for the

judge's services at home, but, though important, this call alone would perhaps have remained unheeded except for the fact that the tropical climate did not agree with

Mrs. Redfield who was advised by

the local doctor to return to the

States as soon as possible.

In vain Nell was urged to accompany them, but they all were forced to acknowledge her good judgment in determining to remain until after Nate and Jessie were married and away for Egypt.

1 HE most trying of all farewells are those said to loved ones who are leaving on board ship, the pain of parting is so greatly prolonged. As the vessel

steamed slowly out of the harbor of Pago Pago, to which place the

Was she kin of yours?"Mrs. Brooks asked.

e was my mother,"the girt answered impulsively t

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 265

travelers were obliged to go because fice. Before reaching her destinaspite of that, or because of it, he

through steamers do not touch at tion she was intercepted by a was a handsome fellow and his

Apia, the dispirited Nell felt as young native who was one of the genuine pleasure at being able to one who, after tasting of heavenly largest boys in her school when entertain his former teacher was bliss, has suddenly been cast down she began teaching and was now gratifying to her. Almost daily

to infernal darkness. almost, in his own feelings quite, now Nell saw some of the fruits

During the long sojourn on the a man. of her labors. The dreary months

islands she had spent on the islearned that her land were not progrief could best be fitless.

borne in solitude, "I goin'to get and therefore demarried, Misi Re'- clined the pressing field,"Sua surinvitation of Capprised her by saytain and Mrs. ing

Evans to remain;<"Going to get

with them for a married, Sua?

time. Why, you're only

a boy! What put

such an idea into BACK in her own modest yourt T t head?"fthome it required 1 m a man,

some days and a he said proudly.

vast amount of de- "Me and Tina get termined selfdisci- married."

pline to recover a "Tina? That

fair measure of her child? And you

usual external haven't a thing."

composure. Hard- "Yes, we got

ly had she done so plenty things. I

when word came make a bamboo from Dick Hawley pillow and Tina that official notice already make some of his promotion mats and mosquito had been receivedand he was to leave net.They were,

for home as soon therefore, quite as certain matters prepared to comon the islands, mence housekeepwhich during reing.

cent months had which, whatever his in its other faults, could not hands, He had secured a cart and steedbeen the At fiery: called be adjusted. becould post office a was

This would re-;:mj, letter from Dick.

quire several weeks Before reading it but would admit of but one visit "You have some ice cream with she looked forward with some to Apia. me, Misi Re'field?"trepidation to the news of his comyes, Sua, of course I ing, but after its perusal was a He hoped they would not have "Why

to say goodbye but that she could will."little amused at the paradoxical

be persuaded to go with him to feeling of disappointment that his

Pago Pago, be married there and l\S the two sat in the accompany him home. Within a one recently established ice cream

few days he would write her again, parlor of Apia the girl wondered telling, just when she might expect what some of her friends at home him. On the morning that the would think if they could see her.

small boat was due from Pago Sua was dressed in approved Sa-

P|gO - with mail and passengers, moan fashion, bare from the hips

Nell walked down to the post ofup and the knees down, but in 266 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

visit must be postponed for a fewappeals. Late as it was she called sung the plaintive Samoan faredays. Walking homeward she adher friend Sua and asked him to well, never to be forgotten when

mitted to herself that she liked take her in his father's cart to the once heard at parting, Tofa maithe young seaman immensely—-so cemetery where her parents slept. feleni, (Goodbye, my friend)

well, in fact, that at times it made If the spirits which have passed which was composed and sung as her fearful. His oftrepeated on can hear the pitiful cries of the bruised sailors, nursed so tenand subtly expressed arguments their loved ones, surely her father derly by the hospitable natives,

that she was doing herself an irmust have been deeply moved. She were leaving for home after the

reparable injustice by pursuing knelt on his grave. The soft disastrous hurricane.

this Spartanlike course were bemusic of the sea, the cocoanut Nell felt she could appreciate coming alarmingly fascinating. palms, majestic in the moonlight, the exquisite pain of the girl who,

Now with the knowledge that no the sanctified spirit of the burial according to tradition, had written allegiance was due Nate, she realplace dispelled terrestrial and inthe song and had swum after the ized it would be doubly difficult stilled celestial thoughts. She spoke ship, singing it, as long as her

to keep the ardent young fellow to her father as though in his vishead remained above the waves, within purely fraternal bounds. ible presence and implored God to to a departing officer who was sailShe remembered with a pang let him direct her in this uncering away to another land and to

how anxious Nate had been to tainty. other loves.

marry her in spite of everything, Suddenly she sprang to her feet. It was customary for the Tofua

but she also remembered the Ev- "Another, too, lies here,"she exto stop at Vauvau on the way to erett pride of ancestry which would claimed, "the mother whom I have Nukualofa. Freight had to (be

not fail to remind him that by been tempted to hate because she unloaded, but in this instance there birth she was inferior. Dick would first gave me life and then saved were no passengers to land and

have no such feelings Though the useless life which she had given. none in sight to come aboard; so

himself wellborn, he was not inBut the wrong she did me was the crew did not take the trouble clined to draw fine distinctions and unintentional, and she died for me. to let down the gangplank. The

was fully convinced that the girl's It is a thousand times better to freight was unloaded with the heroic determination to sacrifice pursue my outlined course alone, powerful swinging crane which herself was unnecessary. to die childless, than to rear an reached from deck to pier. Just

Instead of the expected call from offspring who might sometime reas this task was completed and

Hawley, a wireless came on the gard me with the abhorrence which the vessel beginning to move away, day he should have arrived stating I so often feel for my mother."a belated native passenger rushed

that he had been dispatched direct She sank down on the comexcitedly and noisily up to the to, Nukualofa, and would be panion grave. "I thank Heaven, wharf. The crane was hastily

obliged to remain in Tonga two Mother, for giving me that swung out to him. Throwing his

or three weeks. He begged her to thought. Every drop of your polbelongings, which were tied in a

gratify the long delayed desire to luted blood shall go to the grave bundle, to the deck, he grasped visit that place. The S. S. Tofua with me."the rope with both jhands and

was due to leave Apia within a few was swung up into the air.

in exertions horrors! His But it at meet he woulddays, and exquisite an was I-.T the boat, for aided the running by she that the hope withNukualofa tropical evening Nell went when lava, loosened lava his breeze, had its passengers. of be onewould her aboard the of Tofua. Some it to say needless be which may

friends had rowed out with her was his only covering. Here he

T was a thoughtful to the vessel which lay at anchor was hanging by his hands between but excited young lady who within the crescent, had well nigh sky and water and his clothing, walked along the sea shore that evesmothered her in flowers, and as every thread of it, slipping from ning. Her feelings were as tumulthe good ship got under way had him. He tried to hold on with

tuous as the restless waves which one hand while he grasped the broke with a roar upon the reef. cloth with the other, but the crane

In her loneliness her heart went Isle of Dreams which was swung more violently out to Dick; it must never again than necessary by |the hilarious

go out to Nate. She thought of NCHANTED, I walk thy coral sailors made that impossible. Heher boyhood friend as a big brother "*"'P strand, had to choose between the alterand wished she could go to his Samoa, fair isle of tropic sea; natives of coming aboard ship as

arms for comfort as a sister would. I breathe thy fragrance o'er and naked as he had come into this

And yet all the time she realized o'er, life or loosing his hold and going that his regard was vastly different And lot it healeth me. with his clothing into the sea. He

from that of a brother, and as she I gaze enraptured on all thy woods, chose the former much to the walked and pondered she wondered Samoa, isle of a thousand dreams; amusement of the male passengers

if her own feelings were altogether I hear thy sweet voice call to me, and the discomfiture of the ladies sisterly. Never having had a Fairest of island queens. who fled precipitately to their

hills and quite sure. be Thy she could notbrother thy dales with fragcabins.

filled, rance she reached Ere her was home had concluded to go to Tonga. Samoa, blessed isle of my soul;

It was an opportunity which must Now call me back to rest in thee, lS the Tofua, shortly Aslowly made its waynot be missed. She would be very Where south sea breakers roll. after sunrise,

circumspect and not be weakened—Terrence Sylvestet Qlennamaddy. through the devious entrance to

in any degree by Dick's persistant the Nukualofa harbor, Nell en-

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 267

joyed the wondrous beauties of never be quite satisfied until I see them. As for Nate, if he had

the place as completely as her with my own eyes the record of dinner with me I'd want to count agitated mood would permit. On my parent's marriage."the spoons afterward."

a nearby reef was the wrecked Mr. Hunt was at home and very "The trouble with you, Dick,

and crumbling steamer, Prince willingly produced his father's is that you're filled with foolish

George, the elements rapidly comrecords. At the same time he could jealousy. Nate is all that a man

pleting the work of destruction not refrain from asking why such should be. I've told you that

commenced by the rocks. "It's frequent enquiries were made conmany times, and you know what

like me,"she thought, "lost, usecerning the marriage of John Terry a beautiful character Jessie is. I've

less, waiting for the end."and Nelly Alder. However, a compared her with hundreds of

To this place Nelly Alder had donation to his missionary work others and have never yet seen a followed this girl's father and fiand the statement that a small girl that I think is her equal. Now,

nally inveigled him into marriage. legacy was involved, satisfied him honestly, don't you think she's an

She hoped no more information fully. exceptionally fine young woman?"

would be forthcoming which The books, poorly kept and "Well, my knowledge of wowould intensify the harsh feelings so blurred as to be almost illegible, men is pretty limited, but I supentertained toward this woman to showed clearly that John Z. Terry pose she is. Anyhow, I shouldn't

whom she owed her life. and Nelly Alder were married by blame her. But this man Everett!"

Dick Hawley was awaiting her Mr. Hunt. Neither the records "You'll have to take my word

on the wharf. Her pleasure at nor the interview with the son reabout him. He is not to be reseeing from the deck the bronzed vealed anything new. Having exproached with lack of devotion,

face of the young lieutenant was pected nothing, the young lady, and this shows Jessie's character:

too apparent to escape notice and though sobered, was not so downAlthough she has always admired aroused in him more excitement cast as she had feared this final and Nate, almost to the point of loving than a dignified representative of conclusive investigation would him, she would not accept even the United States navy is expected make her.; casual attentions until she was told

to show. The girl was the first the reason for my leaving. Then

of the passengers to land, and their she refused to permit a loverlike mutual delight as they clasped ILT was soon evident situation to develop without my hand augured ill for her deterthat Hawley 'had entered upon full approval. Now, if they marmination to check any attempt on this campaign with the determinary, she proposes to expatriate herihis part to refer to the forbidden tion to win the girl by storm, self by going away to Egypt for

subject. and the skill with which he manyears, so that I may return home.

aged the affair was a credit to his She feels that with Nate gone I am training and stamped him as a as well off there as here. Nate

IN the hope that she strategist of high order. They can be nothing more to me than

would accept the suggestion to had barely squeezed themselves in- a friend, but no one ever had visit Tonga, he had engaged rooms to the narrow seat of the cart after truer friends than he and Jessie."

visit the for a in her cottage to overlooking Mr. the Hunt when can't see you the "Now what the harbor the spot bombardment where and commenced.

is? solution me, Marry they and his vessel at lay after anchor, and lazy horse The covered but had can at stay so and can home you. she expressed liking a the for had little ground girl before the rather I'll is Jessie that admit girl a great quarters her appreciation of and unwillingly confirmed statethe and shouldn't sent be off to Egypt, his thoughtfulness, spent he an of ment Redfield Judge that Nate with a only like fellow to Nate unnecessary in time exof amount Jessie and doubtless would marry. keep her I company. suppose But plaining a signals system of comthere Dick spoke be must vehemently. this something to "A prehensible to alone. Before them

fine Everett pair of to friends chap girls Nell! have, have such you two leaving his for the gunboat, Mysfall in you'll love I hope excuse energy, with him. to And my tic, the fellow obtained young

perfectly honest Nell, you, with but that's the way I feel about be later she that a promise from her felt I haven't exactly right about drive island about the with would him. the way I've acted in this matter.

Nothing could satisfy her exAfter you had told me of your forSea Gulls mer engagement, I should've tried to citement except activity, and therefore she was ready for Dick when By Vesta Pierce Crawford persuade you to return to the States and marry old lover. your I'd called. cart secured a he had He there are the ocean by deep rather much you'd that do than GULLS its steedand other which, whatever like wings the With cold gray waves, to remain here after gone."I'm faults, gulls there fiery. are called could the not be shore And craggy on

The two crowded into the small That sail past the windhewn caves. 'That's easy for you to say

now that they are engaged."conveyance. But high on the rocks of an inland sea

"Can you manage a horse as Dwells a snowwhite gull with a clarion "I'll admit I should have done "well as you do a boat?"she asked. cry it sooner. But that's past. Now,

"I'm afraid hot. I can get a And over the maze of a furrowed land I'll be satisfied with whatever you

little speed out of most any kind He circles a path that is far and high. are able to give me in the way of

of water craft, but I think there's Yet ever the stretch of his pinions wide love—that is, for the present, but

something wrong with this nag's On the painted dawn of the day I'm determined to make you think propellor."Is a challenge deep from that heritage so much of me that if Nate and

"Do you mind taking me to No span of the years can sweep away! I both stood before you for your

Mr. Hunt, the minister? I shall [Continued on page 298}

Cliffo ciX IdCaves of 8 Southern Utah

By Navajo Indian standing at worship, ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

a mile or so from prayercock in the distance, Barefooted Indians through the centuries have worn deep indentations in the rock upon which they have stood.

INofmanyintereststateswhichtherearearemoreplacesor less unknown, and a few people who have made such spots their especial concern. Utah is fullof scenic wonders—Bryce and

Zion canyons, Cedar Breaks, the

Grandaddy Lakes and countless others, but these, while better known, are not of more interest, and surely not of more historic value, than the cliffs and caves of the San Juan country in the extreme southeast of the state. Of

quite as much interest, if of a different sort, is a man, Zeke Johnson by name, who has been a guide through the region for over thirty years and can tell the most fascinating stories of the country and its secrets, to say nothing of the flapjacks he can cook in such a fashion as to make even the most Mummy recently unearthed, surrounded archaeological of all archaeologists by utensils of bone and wood, baskets, forget for the nonce what he came everydayweapons, shoes,beads allandof bothwhich Sunday.were buriedand

for and think only of the flapwith him.

jacks. Many are the trips he has

taken as guide for parties traveling out of curiosity, interest, or the genuine desire to unearth historic ruins and thus unravel another thread of the tangled skein of Indian lore, and, contrary to the idea that such research pilgrimages might exhaust the hidden store of material, each trip seems to be productive of additional treasure. Of

late years particularly interesting trips have been taken with Chas.

L. Bernheimer of the American

Museum of Natural History. Mr.

in to the ascent used Ladder making elevenJtrips has Bernheimer made the guide river. "Zeke"Johnson, Mr. the cave high above who The

so far to the (some of a San Juan httsoinitiated the interuprights probably many into used by origwere esting mysteries of cliffs and caves. them in company with Earl H. inal inhabitants.

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 269

Map of the San Juan country, indicating the line of travel taken by the Bernheimer expedition.

Morris, archaeologist the purpose of them of the museum) being purely one of and is anticipating archaeological remore. He is a great search, and the men

friend of the west from the east have and the "Mormon"come in deadly people, and in his earnest to find what reports h e never is to be found in the fails to put in a mysterious depths word for them. His of the caves and

greatest interest lies in this type of Bernheimer party examining an early medcliffs. For one trip, which lasted

icinekit of hollowed out made wood, for 27 days, through the wildsresearch work, and in order to have prairiedog wrapped covered skin and with nothing interfere he has refused with sinew twine. It is the second ever of this San Juan country, between

important posts and fine political found. Among the contents were feaththe San Juan and Colorado Rivers,

connections. It is said that he has ers of 30 or 40 kinds of birds, implements the outfit consisted of 9 people

spent more time and money, exoftwigs,woodherbs,and woodenbone, seedsinstrumentsof variousofkinds,great Mr. Bernheimer, Mr. Morris, Mr.

plored more unknown territory of delicacy, and many other things. Johnson and John Weatherall,

this kind, and discovered more new famous guide from Kayenta and and valuable evidence than any five helpers, 36 pack mules and 11 other man living. He it was who saddle horses. Provisions (food

furnished the means to build the and equipment) was shipped from

Bernheimer trail around the Nava-:'=':i:0f':fi New York that there might be

jo Mountain, making the way to no avoidable delay, and the party the Rainbow Bridge passable. started forth.

The map indicates the general line of travel, but no map couldWORTHWHILE indeed have Carrier, decorated with stars which the been the discoveries made in archaeologist declares must have been a tell the stories of what was found the course of these expeditions, symbol brought from Jerusalem. at various points along the desig270 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Robe, woven of Yucca and Thistle Fiber.

nated route. In Mocha Canyon,

Wilson Canyon and Slick Rock caves were discovered which apInterior of a Cave.

parently had not been entered, nor even discovered, since their original inhabitants disappeared, and many have been inhabited by three valuable things were brought to distinct peoples of different pe-

:-.;;-*>:.:.light. riods, cloth, pottery and the and

KH:;;::::::::>::;::::::::::::;::;;:;:;:::;:::::::::::::: of implements each difwar of

HTHE caves, averaging about 250 fered from the others. The::;::.;:::::::;::::::;::::

* ft. long. by 10 ft. deep, were first cloth discovered (which

high above the river bed in the was doubtless of the latest style canyon, and were reached by means in cliffdweller's fabrics) was of the ladders, which were used made of some cotton, mixed by the early inhabitants themwith hair, and the pottery of selves. The poles, some 60 ft. the time was highly developed

in height, were found to be greatly in form, workmanship and deworn, but still of sufficient strength sign. A motley collection of

to support the men who climbed other material has been found, up the new rungs which were also: sandals, corn, squash,

necessarily added. beans, gourds and various kinds Charles L. Bernheimer, whose interFindings in the cave indicated of refuse. Twentysix ears of est in the discoveries made in southern Utah has brlptught him backthe fact that these crude dwellings corn were found with the oldtimes. many

est mummy, and in the picture is to be noted the beads, shoes, weapons, carrier and other treasures which were buried with the venerable old persongraphed—fornow dugthe firstup andtime photoin his

life. [Continued on page 306]

A cavewall covered with the hieroglyphics which are common, showing that a recordkeeping people once dwelt there. Robe of another period.

The Essentials of Public Speaking in

qBy A. Character of the audience. ANTHONY F, BLANKS, Ph.D istheresponsive.safest barometerYour audienceof youris

H E Associate Professor of speaker.success or Therefailureareas somea publicunpur- (Public Speaking mistakable signs in the audience

indicate plainly should pose University of California which T o f these is or not your message whether paragraphs creating a favorable impression.

is not you tell to The Audience Thefrom mostan audiencedistressing to signalthe something speaker is the scowl of disapyou do not proval; but that facial expresknow, but A. The character of the ausion may reveal a world of

to call to your attention many dience. thought. Perhaps something that

facts which you know but do B. How to gain and hold the atyou have said has disgusted or

not heed; hence resultant distress, tention of the audience. displeased a member of your auembarrassment and loss of speech C. How to impress and persuade dience, and he gives this indication

efficiency. the audience. of his feeling. You must shift

The audience is a receptive me- 1. Special devices. Factors your speech, or change it, modify

dium. It both looks and listens. of interest and entertainit, or explain yourself sufficiently

It ranges in kind from the ideal ment. to regain that person's confidence.

and the discriminating, through If his confidence is not regained, indifferent careless aimless, the and establish pothen your must you other words, persons. In individual actively hosthe unfriendly to and sition positively will there so that

if consider your but would you tile. part for the most an But to as in his be doubt no mind conversation, as heightened speech is inplastic a of(audience group the statements. truth of your greater proceed with you would entertained, todividuals be ready your wide knowledge Through ease. inspired, instructed, convinced, subject the of because of your and things the to yourself Adapt skill as excited the of orpersuaded this insight prejudices the into of is familiar with audience the that direct. the speaker may for particular audience, seek you is it inin events the which and

some ground which upon common is not terested. admonition authe the question of TheTW"HEN

for the stand moment. all may giraffes,"to but "Feed ** dience beis suggested the my "Feed my

ginner, he is immediately dissheep."Put yourself in harmony Here you deftly emphasize the

turbed, but such disturbance is with the literary, social, or ecoagreements that exist in the case quite unnecessary, if one undernomic outlook of people whom and minimize the differences. You

stands what an audience really is. you are addressing; and always repromote good will and sympathetic

you magnify all the comis as contact; really to succeed a that merely audience not nummemberAn

that and advantage mon interests their fifty, six, master people, a or a speaker must youber of hundred, but it is a group of individclass. both share and profit from; you

ual persons, who are constituted temporarily abandon all references pretty much the same as the speak- "V7"OU must not only learn how that would "start an argument"er. In other words, the average * to adapt yourself to your auand serve largely to arouse oppo-

; you make no effort to prove audience is sympathetic, helpful, dience, but you must also learn sition

and usually in accord with the how to read your audience. There that they are wrong, but lead them

speaker. Forget that you are speakis an audience psychology that the tactfully to realize that you are

invite rect them, but to them learn to are too, you, can and which not. You are speaking—youing to a mass of strange creatures trained speaker learns to recognize, right; you do not attempt to cortake let us counsel together, "come, re- a rule individuals. the audience to fellow know. As

In a single conversation, you acts in some way to the speaker, that we may best see what can be done."It is the technic of direct your attention to one perfavorable or otherwise,—and the

son, while in speaking to an auprofessional lecturer can read, or starting with agreements instead of dience you are speaking to many almost feel, whether his audience differences. In short, do not of272 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

fend the pride or awaken the pugmark regarding the event. A tives, for deep down within us all

nacity of a "touchy"audience. speaker may be unfortunate enough is a maze of submerged motives

Constantly you read the people in to forget his speech, bearing, poise, that twist and pull our reason front of you by the expressions on and even manners, because somestrangely awry. They are rooted

their faces. A laugh, a frown, a thing in the audience goes wrong. in our selfish interests, our purely

favorable response, an intense face, But if you are able to rise above personal emotions, our own ardent are all reactions to your speech. such personal mishaps your audesires, our ignorances and our

But of all the facial expressions, dience will appreciate you all the prejudices. To overcome these, or

the one that registers no interest more. at least to keep them as inactive

whatever is the most trying to the as possible in opposition to his speaker. This is the "unpardonparticular cause, the speaker exerts

able sin"to any speaker, but such his own powers of courtesy, fairan expression may be an indicaGist of Public Speaking ness and tact. He will try to

tion that the speech or speaker individuals these separated mould the definite response. 1. Choose be uninteresting.may simple deinto a "crowd"by such purAsk yourself "To what

pose am I speaking?"vices as having them sit closer toobservant speaker will take gether, sit nearer him, wear com-

2. Consider the audience, its*ANx the hint, realizing such that ensuch as badges, mon symbols its its habits, backgrounds,

indifference may be overcome by prejudices. gage in some ritual, reading in

thatshowing the subauditor how ject under discussion affects him 3. desiredPhrase responsethe demandinto foran imthe unison,(or give singingthe "collegea thrillingyell"). songHeindividually—how it has affected pelling proposition. will appeal to self and community

inhim will affect the past or desires for suinterests; common this proposition support him 4. Toin the future. immediate leadership, Suppose reputation, select heads which premacy, main

areyou speaking to farmers oft* lies inthat the "springs of happiness, on touch profit—all

jinthe tariff response"audience. your rates new rivalry; herent in the goods imon spirit of or

ported from Canada, an apathetic 5. Arrange these main heads in he will appeal to the loftier molistener might be quickly aroused the most effective order for tives of honor, duty, and idealism.

to keen attention when he is your audience. Common sense, no less than psyshown that Canadians are retaliat- 6. Develop each main head acchology, tells us that such appeals

ing by such a high duty on beet cording to the attitude of the must be made practical and consugar that his own little crop will audience toward the idea. crete, not given in lifeless abstracbring less than one half the price 7. Express your thoughts in the tions; that they must be spiced

it fetched before such a new tariff most effective possible style; with narrative, adventure, suswent into effect. This may mean vivid, energetic, inoving, pense, and humor.

the foreclosure of the mortgage on rhythmic. But, after all, the most imporhis farm! tant requirement is a wholeheart-

In the next place, in addressing ed sincerity. Too much can not

any audience, you must remember B. How to gain and hold the be said of the need of such a motto

that you are speaking to them all. attention of the audience. as, "Be Sincere."Remember, that

It is a bad policy to a pick out unless are absolutely in accord you C. to impress and to perHowsingle member audience of an and the statements with you make, you audience. the suade

speak to that person only. Every are wasting time because your hearone in the room is entitled to your ers can not and will not believeattention, and your eyes should VOU have reached the point that in which you as a speaker

comprehend the whole. This may where you have the speech orshow hesitancy and doubt. Be

be very elementary but there is ganized, you have suggestions as alive! Assume an active attitude

something very annoying in havto delivery, you are now ready to towards your audience as if you ing a speaker center his whole attransmit the contents of that speech were glad and eager to bring your tention on just one person. to an audience, to make them think words to them. Accept the refeel as do. and will you How If possible, sponsibility leadership. of never not chagrin. show Do gain their you attention? hold and

'as if passive, the bestMake become a were of you disappointing will perimpress you and Howsituation. saying simply because words audience you deThe can suade will them, guide you howtect your had to something it annoyance, say wished and and always their emotions and judgment? itwill get off detract to your mind. from you Can say. what you will This depend your upon recall wellpoised not speakers is speaker a were manyA to joy who of knowledge people your andthe dull audience is and monotonous, and poise bemerely something

skill utilizing in the commonlythat cause vitality, can you they develop. showed no If no someaccepted principles of psychology.thing active interest goes either their in amiss in speech the audience,

it to quite put plainly Or your ifor in or the audience? leaves earnestsomeone the Show room, 1 sense your and commonsense. Unlearn either ness to and enthusiasm. ignore the disturbfortunately nature not does humanance, else, if or it is necessary to gesture, Every every movement it as respond as often to shouldsay anything, not to make remarks of the speaker the while platon logical purely or "rational"moderogatory is to the situation. It in form be his keeping must with

quite annoying to have anything 1H. A. Overstreet, Influencing Human mental attitude. In other words,

happen while you are speaking, Behavior. People's Institute Pub. Co., if you have the inclination to use

but it is much worse for the speak- N.of PublicY., 1925.Speaking,W. D.Hinds,Scott,HaydenPsychology& Elyour hands or walk about, do so;

er to make some unpleasant redredge, N. Y., 1906. but do not make a movement of

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 273

any kind unless your mind conHTHE speaker should constantly steps of the architect into the worsciously directs it. Use your im- - analyze his audience, determine thy practice of his art;"Goldwin

agination and appear on the platwhere their interests are and adapt Smith did like service for the writform as if you were talking to a his speech accordingly. It is highly er of fiction, likewise William

group of friends. You do not wish important for the speaker to be Brigance has lighted seven lamps

to appear artificial to them, thereable to sense the attitude of his for the guidance of speakers. 2 They

fore, use the same principle in audience. It may be that your are the gist of a whole text on

facing an audience. Stand easily, hearers show a lack of interest and speaking.

move about the platform freely, are restless. You must be quick 1. Choose the definite response.

and speak easily. Ask yourself 'To what purpose

am I speaking?"

the perabout hear muchTW"E audience—its speaker, ** sonality of a its prejuthat Analyze Yourself habits,2. Considerits backgrounds,the

electrifies authesomething which dices.

confilose Did audience your theirdience attention holds and for the the 3. Phrase demand in lapse dence of because of you lastto the is perword. What desired into response indicate to an impelling which seems memory

sonality? We may say that it is inadequate preparation? proposition.

instincta natural or inner qualan this proposition support 4. To interest lose Did they in youity colors speaker's the which they utbecause or select could not hear touch off heads which main

terances with individuality and understand your words? the "springs of response"in your

Itpower. is magnetism, which

they Did grow restless because audience. success thestamps of an individual were monotonous? you 5. Arrange these main heads in

in attempt, whatever he may effective the order for your most fail to offer a Did you them the or platformwhether on audience. interest? of bond in common It is allbusiness. the of those sum 6. aceach Develop head main offend by exthem Did youqualities different which make him to attitude the the cording of auranting? aggeration and is all It others. that certainfrom idea. dience the toward

alienone can not force personan Did you plunge along too rap- 7. in the thoughts Express your

ality. that be idly? which But may effective style; possible vivid, most

momentarily dormant within you Did you speak as if there were energetic, moving, rhythmic.

will surely reveal itself. If the no real need of your speech?

audience is the of more conscious your overwhelm Did you auAnalyze Yourself, Yourspeaker's "efforts"than of what personwith dience your own he has to tell them, then the speakality? Drown them out? Speech, Your Audience

er lost has their confidence because Were you melancholy rather Analyze Yourself. exploited hashe a personality. serious? than

Therefore, while your manner Did your audience lose confishould be active and vital, neverWere you foolish rather than dence in you because of lapse of theless, your words, gestures and humorous? memory which seems to indicate

movements must be in keeping inadequate preparation?

with the thought you are trying Did they lose interest in you beto bring to your audience. and alert to feel this, and gain cause they could not hear or unYou may impress an audience their attention. This may be acderstand your words?

by a pleasing appearance, a pleascomplished by a specific illustration Did they grow restless because ing voice, a gracious manner and or by injecting a little humor. In you were monotonous?

yet not be able to persuade them. other words, take your audience Did you fail to offer them a

For the art of persuasion comes into your personal confidence, and common bond of interest?

not only from the application of they will confide in you. We all Did you offend them by exagthe technic of voice, gesture and enjoy a good story; we are happy geration and ranting?

delivery, but also from good sound to find a little originality in the Did you plunge along too rapidjudgment and farsightedness. Afspeaker's methods of expression. ly?

ter persuading yourself into an Analyze your ideas, see that they Did you speak as if there were ironbound conviction, you will are not narrow, and give an inno real need of your speech?

attempt to sway your hearers to dividual touch to them. Avoid, if Did you overwhelm your audiexpressions, hackneyedthis first possible, viewpoint. same The ence with your own personality? examples. timeworn isstep here analysis. the power of out? them Drown

You must be a logical and con- A pleasing manner, pleasing Were you melancholy rather sistent thinker. For example, if voice, good vocabulary, wellor- than serious?.

you wish to move your audiganized speech, are the tools of the ence to contribute toward a relief speaker. In order to use these Were you foolish rather than

fund, you may persuade by aptools most efficiently, study yourhumorous?

self, points,pealing and find your weak the to their judgment by Analyze Your Speech. strengthen observant!logical presentation them. of facts a Be in

convincing manner. Or, you may Watch the people you meet everyDid your audience lose confipersuade by an appeal ito their where, for after all, speeches are dence in your speech because it was

emotions. In which case you will made by people, about people, for illogical or fantastical or exagemphasize the dire necessity of such people. gerated?

action by awakening their symJohn Ruskin "lighted the seven 2W. 'N. Brigance, The Spoken Word,

pathies. lamps of Architecture to guide the F. S. Crofts S Co., IN. Y., 1927.

274 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Was the audience wondering man's point of view, and the syminto assured speed. Do not allow

"what you were driving at?"pathy to relieve a situation, a yourself to be appalled by a sudden

Did your speech lack climax, crisis, with the other man's bias access of nervous force. To unhighlights, real emphatic moever before him. And yet quite derstand it as an expected phenomments? recently "a United States Senator enon that is curbed by a steady

Was it too general? Too empty chased his random thoughts upon selfcontrol is to master and to

of concrete applications? Didn't it our foreign policy around and utilize it.

"tie to anything?"up his ever giving around without nature In understanding human

it in diction? single monotonous farmeraudience a Was hint as to maintains one makes, and honestly

it a of mere torrent words? Was in should be interested why they enjoys and varied human many

Analyze Your Audience. American foreign affairs!"relationships. You must mix

The study of humanity begins with your fellows; live in familiar

Was your audience distracted by with the study of man, or indeed, daily contact with them; particiany extraneous noise or discomwith one's self; and the effort pate in their enterprises and amusebe reinforcedfort, or by the purby any personal mannershould their joys ments; 'share in and 3 suit of the science of psychology.ism of your own? their giving caking sorrows, and

If you can not prevent these, Search your soul for the foundathe customary sarcasms, chaffings, then your remedy lies in reinforctions and sincerity of your opinrebuffs and rewards of life. If

ing your ideas by repetition, reions. If these are rockribbed, you can't do this, you can not

iteration, piling up effects, more there grows up a reasonable selfhope to gain a sympathetic hearing ample and concrete illustrations, confidence which is the result of from people. If you can't share

use of figures of speech, testimony, mental selfreliance and mental wholeheartedly in the life of your quotations, startling figures, or selfrespect; This is immediately community, then go off by yourchange of vocal emphasis. apparent in your posture, your self and be a genius; you positively

poise, your tones, your resourcecan not become a practical public speaker. daily contact with FromHelpful Books for Speakers infulness.the consequentAll of thisattitudeis reflectedof the will get people you your most

audience L. E. Bassett, both toward of Handbook you Oral Readhints speech methods, and dynamic anding, Mifflin Houghton Co., Y., N. 1917. subject. your selfassurance Such electrify can speech which Brigance, N. W. The Spoken Word, as this comes from conknowing; S.F. material. Crofts US Co., Y., Remember N. 1927. yourthis—men ceit comes from ignorance. John Dolman, of Public Handbook aliens are generally conwho are

Speaking, Harcourt, Brace S Co., N. Y., sidered foes.1922. pUBLIC speaking reaches the

R. I. Fulton and Trueblood, T. C. climax effectiveness of whenPractical Elocution, Ginn 8 Co., N. Y., every is faculty alert. Every nerve Summary1893.

H. H. Higgins, Influencing Behavior tingles, the blood surges, the musmagnetism, PERSONALITY, Speech, ExpressionThrough cles Boston, Co., tense. is a There peculiar *- all are charm, power, subtly1930. interchange spirit of between Overstreet, H. Influencing A. rooted Muman understanding in human speaker and audience, call it InstituteBehavior, People's Co., Pub. N. these "auand sympathy. Let simple dience contact,"orY., will! 1925. what you virtues sterile in disbecome your Phillips, Effective E. If A. Speaking, are you master the of occasion,

is position likely speech your and Co., Chicago,Newton 1908. which is not likely to happen exScott, of public D. Psychology to turn sour. W. BeechHenry Ward through adequate preparation,Speaking, Hinds, N. cept Hayden & Eldredge, er repeatedly this: emphasized "A all of that restrained force,Y., 1906. someman may know the Bible from Robt. West, Purposive Speaking, Mactimes called (or rather miscalled)

the to of the day Augustine daymillan Co., Y., 1924. N. "nervousness"will translate itself

Speech, Better Woolbert Weaver, and if of Dr. Taylor, not does he and into speech energy, just as race aHarcourt, Brace Y., 1922. Co., N. 8 is understand {nature he human horse changes are his wild in speakers eagerness community your The * * * fit preach. not to man A leaders!also the

3There are so many "schools"of psywho has struggled out from bechology refrain we specific from stones the refertween of a farm and Preparation ThroughGeneral ences. suggestive treatment will A be has his fought school through found in H. A. Overstreet, Influencing Huto UnderstandLearning the with pity pity of Behavior, Human Y., N. People's Instiwayeverybody—a man Nature tute Pub. Co., 1925. D. McCaslin, Reachwhich might well be spared, because ing Other Minds, N. Y., Knopf, 1928. a it was God's training—has

fine education for practical"COR a writer, a knowledge of life, be- -1- his subject may be sufficient, cause he knows men. * * * Besides

but for a speaker there must be this general knowledge we are to added a further knowledge of the have, we should take kindly to—thewants, ideas,"humanambitions,nature"—ofprejudicesthe poseindividualof studyingmen, forthem.the veryNow,purIpeople to whom he talks. take great delight in riding on the

Speech involves human contact, top of an omnibus with the driver and the successful speaker forgets and talking with him. * * * I

the "I"outlook and devotes his recognize in him an element of efforts towards comprehending the brotherhood—that great human

"you"attitude. He must have element which lies underneath all

the imagination to resee the culture, which is more unusual scheme of things from the other and more important than all spe-.

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 275

cial attributes, which is the great 2. Deliberate arrangement of constructive conversation is fashgeneric bond of humanity between conversational material. ioned from personal reflection and

man and man."4 3. Formal discussion. (Merely experience plus that gained from

enlarged conversation) others through their written or preparation through D. General naturaljust criticism of oral 4. Constructive narratives—onesystematic methods. ly talks over such material style, delivery. with content,

1. Informal conversation. At- 5. Unremitting practice. other people. If you want to find

tentive listening. HTHE basis from which to build out about crops, talk with well-

* up skill in public speaking is informed and practical farmers; if 4H. W. Beecher, Yale Lectures, I. pp.

8597. informal conversation. Sensible, [Continued on page 312]

m

w y-

Son of the Outlaw Horse By HARRISON R. MERRILL

corral- I've heard the hiss of the horsehair rope—I've breathed the dust of the broncho

I've felt the sting of the noose; I've snorted out my fear!

I've had the Cowboy blast my hope, I've felt the snubrope's strength compel,

And I've sometimes struggled loose! And the Twister teeth my ear!

I've heard his yell, The horsehair cinch

I've felt his spell, Has made me flinch,

But if ever I get free But I'm still untamed and wild!

I'll balm the hurt I've never quit

Of his spurs and quirt I'll not submit!

In the sage of a sandwaved sea! I'm the West's unconquered child!

better heritage can second, a her a son come to should be and believing afterITNoa ischilda great thing to be well born. head, telling her that her firstborn than to have daughter, be should named who blood in its veins—an ancestral An Rachel, the first love of Jacob of old.

background of faith in the Almighty This young mother is the promised and devotion to righteousness. Young Rachel. Some inspiring promises

as he is, the babe in this picture, Lafaywere made about the firstborn son,ette Robert Anderson, has cause for Unusual which are now being fulfilled. He is

pride, primarily in his enviable ancestry a graduate of the B. Y. U., and this

Not many children can boast of spring will take his degree from Stanhaving its two parents, four grandparford.ents, and eight greatgrandparents livGroup On the bottom row, reading from

ing at the same time. Even then it left to right, is the great grandfather

would be rare indeed to have them Another greatgrandparent, Peter President Emeritus, George Henry available for a group picture such as is Munk, a descendant of the royal house Brimhall, with his wife, Flora Roberthere presented. But rarer even than of Denmark, has been a pioneer in reson Brimhall; Robert Clair Anderson,

to find them living and available deeming the desert and making of it a father, and Rachel Holbrook Anderson, would be to see them in complete acsuitable abiding place for his people. mother; Lafayette Robert Anderson,

cord as to life's purpose, all with a In the early days he made several trips babe; Eunice Brown Munk and Peter

common objective. The group ils east with ox teams to bring in comMunk, greatgrandparents.

composed of devoted Latterday Saints, panies of Saints. Top row, reading from left to right

and it is worthy of note that all the The four greatgrandmothers have are Alsina Brimhall Holbrook and mothers have been or now are active been no whit behind their husbands Lafayette Hinckley Holbrook, grandworkers in the Relief Society. in integrity, and the eight average 80 parents; Emily A. Hinckley Holbrook

; Consider the four greatgrandfa- years of age. The grandparents are and Lafayette Holbrook, greatgrand-

thers.! George H. Brimhall, President equally faithful. parents; Mary A. Crowther Anderson

Jimeritus of the Brigham Young UniMrs. Alsina Brimhall Holbrook, and Manti Temple President Lewis

versity, is known and loved throughthe lady standing on the extreme left Anderson, greatgrandparents; Clara

out the Church because of the influof the picture, is a firm believer in the Munk Anderson and Stake President ence he has exerted upon so many lives ancient Mosaic law, "Honor thy father Lewis Robert Anderson, grandparents.

in his school work and in the M. I. A. and thy mother, that thy days may The picture was taken with the Manti

with which he has been so closely asbe long upon the land."Also, as is Temple as a background.

sociated. the case with all true Latterday Saints, In addition to its ancestry shown

Another, Lafayette Holbrook, is a she loves her posterity. These reain the picture, this babe had as greatman of affairs with an excellent busisons prompted her to send, apologeticgrandparents Patriarch George W.

ness record. In the Church, too, he ally, to the Improvement Era the unBrimhall, who made the remarkable

has often been weighed in the balance usual picture presented herewith. promise already referred to, and Ira

and never found wanting. The proud mother of the babe in N. Hinckley, one of the stalwarts of

Lewis Anderson, likewise a greatthe picture was, herself, a child of pioneer days who presided for many grandfather, is president of the Manti promise. Fortyeight years ago her years over Millard Stake and did so

temple, and this position stamps him greatgrandfather, George W. Brimmuch for the physical development of

as a man of unblemished purity and hall, a patriarch in the Church, laid the land and the spiritual growth of deep spirituality. his hands upon Alsina Holbrook's the people.

"Why not look out for yourself. The

name is important as well as the game."

Pay? Do We By ROBINSON S. HAND

Illustrated by

Fielding K. Smith

rendered secretly in her own heart—to James

Wheaton, the assistant health director. He does

not know of this surrender and therefore dares not speak. Perchance he may never

know. Perhaps he does

not care. She can not

tell. She has known

him too short a time.

Besides he is too busy, just now—fighting You shake off the spell and replanning—working—to "put

to be "Oh yes,"you stammer. transform an outworn, visionless, I F you happen member yourself. over"public health measures, to

in the south end of the public She picks up a pencil. health department into a vital and

health office, talking!to James "It's the stork,"you blunder powerful engine for the protection

Wheaton, assistant health director in your confusion. of life and health.

of a western city and county, you "Boy or girl?"she asks and

may not at first be aware of the writes down your answer. II.

presence of the office girl. But be- 'Your name and the mother's

hind the grating that separates the maiden name?"she propounds,

two parts of the room, you hear then writes. A-.T the foot of a

the click of a typewriter, draw- "Please take this slip,"continues mountain six miles from this city ing nearer you.see the typewriter she, "and have your doctor fill lives the county commissioner with

itself. On it you discern two white in the other blanks and sign it. the clipped, irongray moustache.

hands, playing—playing the keys. Then return it to this office."He is the kind of county comYou watch these hands a momissioner who bosses the people

ment and see that they are a prewhen influential citizens get mier bit of art of that esthete, Y.OU take the proffered through bossing him. And if

Mother Nature. Gradually as you paper and stride sheepishly (or there is an officer to appoint, he advance, the girl's figure comes inproudly—I don't jknow which) wants to be sure onejis appointed

to view and you see it is all conout of the office. Furthermore, who will enforce the laws, if at

cordant in mould and contour you highly resolve to have someall, with a deft, velvety touch.

with the hands. Lastly the face. thing to report often to the public In the appointment of Jame,

The beauty of it makes you health office, if it's only that your Wheaton as assistant health distraighten up and draw a deep motherin-law has the measles. rector of the city and county, a

breath. And you Won't report it by telegreat mistake was made in this

phone either. regard. This blunder came about

on.., the,. initiative of the slightly OHE sees you, stops You dare not think such a

typing and turns soft, dark eyes thought out loud, not even to moustached commissioner.

upon you and you look into their yourself when no one's looking, Wheaton was a college graduate mellow depths. Just for a mofor you recall that you are already who had been educated to do his

ment. Then you hear her say married, and happily. duty; while in public office, but the

politely but businesslike: Besides, Alois Growsall, the seccommissioner thought Wheaton

regirl, is already retary fail "Have you something to gone—-sot to do his duty would in such

? ':.-:- port?"gone, spoken for-—but refined has sur- a cultured and that way

278 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

many votes, at the next election, an assistant. Dangerous! Thus in the office. But don't think a

would be attracted to the incumCommissioner Growsall and Dr. woman of character objects to

bents of the office of county comSunlow "cooked up"a little pact fighting spirit in a man, for it is missioner. that if the latter would "swing"only flavor for her soup, provided

The new assistant health dicertain votes to the former's supit's not the swashbuckling brand rector, then, was guilty of the port at the next election, he would of fighting spirit.

uncatholicity of wanting to benefit see that the troublesome assistant "You have made a slight error communities. He found himself was not reappointed at the end of in the letter,"she heard him saying

working under a chief, health dithe year. Growsall made a sim- a moment after he began reading

rector who was one of the most the typed sheet. "But I believe I

gifted and talented public servants can correct it with my pen."

for revenue only to be found in "By no means,"she replied, officialdom. He was exhibit "please let me do it."

AAME. This is not a radio staShe read the sentence in which

tion, but means Always Afraid of the slip of typewriter keys had

Making Enemies. He could displayed havoc. She laughed, saycourse the sweetest to law violaing:

tors, excuse the neatest, most con- "How stupid of me."

scientious or unconscientious, obHe laughed, too, observing philjectors to enforcement, locomote osophically:

the fleetest from a place where his "We all make our little mispresence was needed and fall down takes."

the flattest when plans for future work should have been devised. uHE noticed that the

steelly glint of a searching blue 1HIS public health dieye, which she had caught a rector expected to go into a private glimpse of in his fighting face practice as a physician when he about a month ago, was nowhere could no longer get the public to to be seen now, but there was only pay him $4000.00 a year to pro- a look of creature sympathy.

tect his business friends from the A rapid step approached and Dr.

public. For this pestiferous public James Wheaton Sunlow, health director, entered

his briskly advanced and toward raise to "a at time liable anywas influential ilar "dicker"with other desk. that pride Sunlow's It was food of dispensers againstholler"did not in the who possessed "pep."men he regulaignored continuallywho on like difficulties law against ran "I toup enforcement—exceptcounty friendsanitation. as to Thetions fellow. the other chief,"day, assistant the began to never was knownly director

director. health I should "And library, theatres, theenter town

assistance."like your advice and to (SugIII. buildings publicor other Dr. Sunlow shuffled at his desk gest to those in charge that the

a tothen half turned moment "ventithe contained wordlexicon let- a take you ILL replying. ward Wheaton, without y\ buildings hadlation."For

ter, said James Growsall?"latter Miss continued: The friendwasmanagers, and theseAAME public the into coming grocers Wheaton dispens- 'The other and especially manto everybody,ly

office addressing 6*f health himers and east in food the of our end some to become stoodagers, who self secretary. to the are resenting fact the county that later best patrons his when of her took like "Certainly."She up business this city are in houses practice. private into go shouldhe stenographer's a pencil opened required saninot and to take similar

In short, to make a tame story dictation book. She always retary precautions. I am requiring

tamer, Dr..Sunlow was a very sponded promptly to Wheaton's there the very minimum for the

popular public administrator, who request for secretarial service. Hers safeguarding of the consumers'

thought the best way to remain was the type of mind that absorbs health. At any rate I am asking

popular was not to "administrate."knowledge, culture and appreciaonly what the Farm Bureau woAnd so, when an assistant health tion of humor and high service men have demanded and what you

director of the type of James alike, whether inside college doors and I have consented to. I sugWheaton was appointed, it was or outside. Her admiration for gest, Dr. Sunlow, if we could get

easy to see that serious trouble the assistant health director, in a health program worked out that was in the offing. the brave fight he was making, inwould be fair to all, we could

Feeling sorry he had blundered creased from the beginning of their gain and hold the public support in the appointment of the assistacquaintance till now. "Admiraand still put over our measures."

ant health director, County (Comtion"is just cold.nomenclature Before the assistant was half

missioner Growsall repented of his for her emotional reaction to him. way through speaking, Sunlow

sins and agreed with his adversary Yet no hint of it had she allowed had turned away and begun searchquickly while he was in the way to appear through word or attiing for nothing among the papers thereof. His adversary had been tude. Fact is there were times on his desk. When the latter

Dr. Sunlow, >AAME, who advised when she was a little afraid of finished, the director's swivel chair

him at the start not to appoint a him. She had seen his fighting again squeaked as Sunlow faced

trained public service worker for face a time or two since her advent his helper and emitted this:

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 279

"You attend to your work in domicile that night. "I hope you tries to get along harmoniously

parts of the county that you are will work with the other county not only with his chief, but with looking after and I'll attend to commissioners and see that Mr. the people. Talking in a kindly

mine in this part."Wheaton is reappointed at the end way to all, he tries always to

"I am attempting to enforce of the year."educate the other fellow to his

these measures,"replied James "Sorry, my dear, but Mr. point of view, explaining careWheaton evenly, "because the Wheaton will have to go,"her fully the reasons for every step

thinking people want them enfather replied. he takes. But after that he is

forced. But we can't make it stick "What?"exclaimed Alois, dropfirm in his demands, because that

unless similar measures are required is what he's paid for."

<here.""He should have more sense

"You will 'tend to your own than to buck his superior officer."

business and I will 'tend to mine."

"If you will do that I shall be very thankful,"said Wheaton, JjLE does not consider still without show of animosity. he's bucking anybody. He merely

"Furthermore,"Sunlow spat makes suggestions for the good of out viciously, "one more interthe work, asks Dr. Sunlow's help

ference from you and you or I will in his problems and that the doctor go over to the county commission will stand squarely behind him and resign. And I guess you know after he has carried out the doctor's

whose resignation will be acceptown orders, instead of squirming ed."The speaker bustled out of and trying to fix the responsibility

the room. all on his assistant when trouble

is made by objectors. Besides,

from hints dropped by Mr. Wheatis on he determined in my hearing, decided WiHEATON to sacrifice if himself, be, to needto swallow resign the rebuff. To

would be easy, but to hang on till The County Commissioner bring about a real health service the fight for efficiency and service for your city and county. If he

in a vital field was won, by the ping a ball of crochet cotton from were to follow the near donothing resignation of his chief and the her lap. policy of his chief he could hold

appointment of a competent and "It's true,"explained the offihis position from year to year it without any trouble, but he willhonest physician, was not easy uncial, fidgeting, "but why take der the circumstances. But it must so seriously?"He winked at Mrs. not draw a salary without giving

be done. He had put his hand to Growsall. Alois again settled down adequate service, as he expresses

the plow and would not turn to her needle art diversion. it. And if he loses his job, he

back. "Because it's a serious matter,"hopes to attract enough attention

"Not yet, at least,"he said she countered. among the best citizens that Sunaloud, forgetting he had an audi- "I hope it don't get so serious low himself will be forced to retor. with our beloved daughter that sign, either at the end of the presthe Wheatwill to she annex want ent after, year or a soon so that Alois ceased Growsall her typsaid, smiling, and he name,"on competent physician honest anding, as and the picking though up keenly. lady the eyeing young be appointed."maythread his of thought, asked: enbe not Wheaton "For may little girl, "Why, Dr. Sunmy sacrifice can afford "But to you after this family thusiastic about to seems liked. low well be Did feelingsyour prestige? and The first we'd then the year y'of and the see last in night's paper howpeople it. will appreciate not Why little daugh- a brokenhearted have city the commissioners the and emnot look for out yourself. The ter hands."our on ployees fire police, the of and

is as thename important as well Alois "unpoised"banter This other surprised departments hadgame."reshe a for but moment. Then his gift birthday on the him with

His answer came with equinimiturned to the attack: of a fine shotgun and five hundred

ty and gentleness: "Dad, I tell you Mr. Wheaton rounds of ammunition?"

"Are there not enough people must be reappointed.""I saw that delectable bit of

doing that without my joining the "It can't be done."news,"fleered his beautiful daughgreat army that are all the time "Why?"ter, "and I boiled so much that

looking out for themselves? I "Lack of harmony in the office. I slopped over, to think what

know the beneficiaries of this fight, How could we hang Wheaton on stunts the irony of fate will somethe people, will not appreciate Dr. Sunlow's neck again when he times pull off."When Alois obwhat I am trying to do but they won't work in harmony with served a particularly raw bit of

need it and that is all I should Sunlow?"injustice, she lapsed into her preremember.""I would change that language high school slangy vernacular.

He rose and left the room. slightly,"said the young lady,

"and put it this way, 'Why hang

IV. Dr. Sunlow on to the public's IN your career as a polineck, to draw a salary for chatting tician, Dad, you also may have

pleasantly about nothing to his made a discovery."Mr. Growsall

OAY, Dad,"expostufriends?'I happen to know that was always highly interested and

lated Alois Growsall at the family Mr. Wheaton both desires and [Continued on page 282]

God's Fatherly Mercy and Love Continued

By J. PERCY GODDARD

spring of to God, not think we ought contrasted we Member of the tie tiat is like gold, Godhead unto teachingsLASTsomemonthof the of fUeneraL, SchOOLC 7 SundayC J i 7 or feilver art or stone, graven and by device."man's (Acts 17:28-9.) the Joseph Prophet Smith Board

itself Spirit beareth witness "The the with Creeds""Abominable spirit, chilwith that our are the we cited in the July and August dren of God:

Eras. "And if children, then heirs; heirs

Our latterday prophet taught of God, and jointheirs with Christ;

that through the atonement of if so be that we suffer with him, that be also glorified together."may Christ all but a very few of the we

8:1617.) (Rom. human family will receive some

degree of salvation, and that, T\7E believe that God loves through the love and mercy of "* his spirit children and deGod, redemption will be exsires above all their progress and tended to repentent souls beyond eternal happiness.

the grave. To those who accept the merciful propitiation What glorious incentive there

provided by the Redeemer, and is to noble living in this who yield obedience to his comthought, that in ourselves is dimandments, a most glorious exvinity in embryo! How strengthaltation is promised. As Paul eningis a divinethe convictionspirit whichthat inmustus says

not be defiled! Such doctrine

"Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, immeasurably heightens our neither have entered into the heart of conception of the value of a things that man, the hath preGod for pared (I human soul, and inspires great love them that him."

Cor. 2:9.) and noble character, for assuredly high aims and a high regard

Instead of basing an appeal for self are essential to noble for righteousness on fear of meraspiration.

ciless and endless punishment, In the light of our doctrine "Mormonism"inspires in men of the literal fatherhood of God an exalted opinion of their inthis exhortation of the Master born potentialities and enlarges becomes more than a figure of upon the transcendent glories some progressed much farther than speech: "Be ye therefore perfect

awaiting the faithful. Christian others, and herein is found, in a even as your Father which is in

orthodoxy, particularly that of a measure, the explanation for the heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.)

century and more ago, directed inequalities in the natures of huOur critics tell us that our conmen's thoughts downward, exmankind. ception debases the Almighty, but

horted men to contemplate the Let us notice a few teachings when properly conceived this is wretchedness of lost souls in the of the New Testament: not true. We would not make

depths of hell. "Mormonism"him less powerful or less perfect,

l h nner the visiondirects man's to the upward but dignify we would f m/ ubestowed us, f lorthat upon Fatbherh:Yihath we infinitely'highest there heaven, to contemconception inner man < s ofr hisi own should be called the sons of thereGod:

plate the power and glory and fore the world knoweth us not, because nature and potentialities. It is

exaltation to which children of a it knew him not. not that we as individuals would

"Beloved, are the sons now we of God,divine Father boast. may attain through acknowledge We humbly it and doth yet not appear what we progress.eons of frailties and limitaour human shall be: but that, we he know when

shall appear, we shall be like him; for we tions. But witness the growth

The Father of the Spirits of shall see him as he is."(I John 3:1-2.) and progress between the cradle

Furthermore have fathers of we had grave of the and the wisest of men, All Men flesh our corrected us, which gave and we eternities and, in given to which reverence: shall them rather not we much the latterday is reGospel hereafter, evolve will[N underbe in subjection who spirits, the unto Father of

-*- stored is the teaching live?"and (Heb. take 12:9.) to attainfor the that God set bounds

in a very literal sense the father of "For in him we live, and move, and ments of an immortal soul?

our being; also as certain of yourthe spirits spirits have of men. These "Behold, the sons are we now poets have said, are also own For we existence a premortalhad in which his of yet God, and it doth apnot offspring

some were more obedient, and "Forasmuch then as we are the offpear what we shall be."

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 281

Many Mansions in Father's last resurrection, * * * who receive

Kingdom "Glory to God on high! notworld,of hisbut fulnessof the inHolythe eternalSpirit

HPHE Savior taught, "In my FaLet heav'n and earth reply, through the ministration of the ther's house are many manPraise ye his name! terrestrial."(Doc. and Cov. 76:

sions; if it were not so, I would His love and grace adore, 8286.)

have told you."(John 14:2.) Who all our sorrows bore;

The restored Gospel teaches that Sing aloud evermore, Terrestrial Glory all humanity will be resurrected Worthy the Lamb."

from the dead, either "unto the resAS to the second kingdom of urrection of life,"or "unto the res- * glory we read: 'These are

differs that glory they from whoseurrection or as Paul of judgment,"knee, the all shall bow—these and of Firstborn the of the church who to confess shall every tongue resurrechim who shall be asays, "There

the received fulness the of have ever; ever the for throne and upontion just sits the dead, of of the both

to according shall be judged they "For as the that Father, of even moon (Acts. unjust."and "As 24:15.) receive shall their every works, and man differs the firmain the sun from die, allin in Christ so even his his to works, Adam according own own

are died they ment. These who preare in the mansions all which dominion, (I.shall alive."Cor. be made

15:22.) Just as universal as is pared; without law, who are the spirits

the in prison, kept shall of the servants of men be Most they whom "And alsodeath, shall universal so be dwell Christ jand where but High; God visited, gosthe preached and Son resurrectionthe about brought end."worlds without come, they cannot pel them, that they unto might sacrifice the of atoningthrough 76:109112.) Cov. (Doc. and

in to be judged according menthe Jesus. Lord

; testiflesh receive the the not this who inherit shall to who As in resurrection, the However, flesh in the Jesus of but mony inare state glory lesser of we rise shall rereceive to themen * * * it, receive afterwards who the wicked are that they formed lives their meritedwards on by are of honorable the who men after they who, mankind amongearth, enter being to prepared some earth, the blinded were by who punished justly shall been haveat the course everlasting once of * * * craftiness reof men, who reshall be evil deeds, their forprogress, suffer will others while ceive his glory, of his of but not Satan, of the power from deemeda evil just for the deeds judgment * * * fulness, receive the of who in places our shall such take and in flesh. thedone presence of the of Son, not but are as they Father's "mansions"

* * * fulness the the Father, of are celestial are also 'These enjoy. bodies, to "There prepared and

are terrestrial testibodies valiant in the the the not of glory but who of suffer the wrath God they who is celestial terone, the the glory of and: Jesus; of wherefore, they * * * mony are cast earth down on who is restrial another. obtain the the not over crown of suffer the wrath hell to and glory the sun, of is one and "There

another glory of the moon, and another Almighty God, until the fulness kingdom of our God."(Doc. and

glory of the stars: for one star differeth of times, when Christ shall have Cov. 76:7179.)

star in glory. anotherfrom

also is the of the dead."subdued all enemies under his feet, From the last verse quoted resurrection "So

(I Cor. 15:4042.) and shall have perfected his work."above it will be evident that those

(Doc. and Cov. 76:103106.) who profess to be followers of

This brief passage from the In this kingdom there are inthe Christ but who are not "valwritings of Paul is beautifully ennumerable degrees or conditions as iant"shall find their place in the larged upon in the seventysixth varied even as the lustre of the terrestrial kingdom, and doubtless section of the Doctrine and Covestars in the heavens. 'These are many other professed believers will

nants, in which the "glory of the they who received not the Gospel find their places among the wicked sun"is designated as the celestial of Christ, neither the testimony in the telestial kingdom. "Many

glory or kingdom, the "glory of of Jesus, * * * who shall not be will say to me in that day, Lord, the moon"as the terrestrial glory, redeemed from the devil until the Lord, have we not prophesied in and the "glory of the thy name? and in thy

stars"as the telestial name have cast out glory. devils? and in thy

name done many Telestial Glory wonderful works?

And then will I pro- I fess unto them,T) EGARDING * deknew you: those who shall never

inherit telestial glory part from me, ye

Joseph Smith and that work iniquity."

Sidney Rigdon de- (Matt. 7:2223.)

clare: Those who attain

to the terrestrial glory and saw the glory "We will be overwhelmed the of inhabitants the telestial world, that they by the privileges were as innumerable as the which, through distars in the firmament of vine love and mercy, heaven, or as the sand they shall be permitsea shore the upon the voice ted to enjoy; and heard "And

of the Lord, saying The Salt Lake Temple at Night their punishment, if 282 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

such it can be designated, for failif they would repent; but if they would Nobles of Eternity. But over them all

ure to become, while in the flesh, not repent they must Isuffer even as I; there is a Presidency or Grand Head, who

suffering which caused myself, is even God, the all. Father of is next to And him obedient followers Christ, of the

all, the greatest of to tremble because of Jesus Christ, the eldest first son, and will be their realization of the pain, to at bleed and every pore."(Doc. heir of all the realms light. of

infinitely greater powers and glories and Cov. 19:1618.) "Every person knows, by reflection,

which might have been theirs had Part of the vision of the celestial that intelligence may be imparted without diminishing the store possessed by the given to kingdom Joseph they possessed Smith the faith and hugiver. Therefore it follows, that millions Sidney they mility to accept Rigdon were the bounties ofand comof individual beings receive each may fered freely to the obedient. manded not to write. We read: the attributes of eternal life, and light,all

"Great and marvelous are the and power.

it follows, that "Again in the use of the works of Lord, and the mysCelestial Glory and this power, consent by authority of and his teries of he kingdom which the Head, these of creany one Exaltation gods may us, all showed unto surpass which ate, organize, people, govern, control, ex- '"THOSE who attain to celestial understanding in glory, and in alt, glorify, and enjoy worlds on worlds, 1 glory shall enjoy the sublime might, and in dominion; * * * and the inhabitants thereof; or, in other

words, each of find can in the them room and are presence not lawful for Father and, of God the man to infinitude space, of and chaotic unoccupied utter; neither capable under conditions to is man immeasurably elements in the boundless storehouse

more favorable than on earth, shall make them known, for they are eternal riches, with which to erect forof go on to perfection, ever increasing only to be seen and understood himself thrones, principalities and powers, in wisdom and power. by the power of the Holy Spirit, might,over whichmajestyto andreign dominion,in still increasingfor ever A man must do more than live which God bestows on those who and ever.

an honorable and virtuous life to love him, and purify themselves "All these kingdoms, together with entitle him to enter celestial glory before him."(Doc. and Cov. 76: their Kings, are in subordination to the

great all, of to Head Father and Jesus and 114116.) exaltation. and "Honorable men

first Christ the Firstborn, heir and among of the earth"will be splendidly the of Sons God. Admitting the inadequacy of gloriously and rewarded the in these all in- "All their kingdoms, with language human they in portray, telligences, are to terrestrial acqusitions so many kingdom where they part, the celestial kingdom, and his is lords dominion of Lord and who shall receive more than can they those it name shall is kings, it, of attain written of King and who to whom possibly as claim their just reward. the Isaiah, increase the of by Prophet 'Of as follows:

But no human can live a life good his kingdom there shall be no end.'

these are so colonies "All our ofenough many and pure to are enough earn "They they received testithe who race, multiplied, extended, transplanted, of Jesus, mony for believed celestial and himself on glory in his name the ever, existing as ever for occuand and and were baptized after the of manner presence of Infinite our Father. the of pants pystems numberless planetary * * * his burial, that by the keepingOnly the grace by of the Christ exist, roll will which or do which now commandments they might be washed and

are such sublime and exalted privcleansed from all their sins. * * * They into order and be peopled by the operaileges placed within our reach. are they who are the church of the Firsttions of the Holy Spirit, in obedience to

the the of of sons mandates (Key God."* * * born, into the whose hands Christ The not only the broke to pages Theology, 4041.) * Father * * all has given things, who ofbonds death unconditionally for are priests kings, and received have who

all humanity, the * just of * * the his fulness, and unhis and of glory, directs our Thus "Mormonism"it isjust, wherefore written are they also but gods, even his by redeeming glories to thoughts and upward * * * the sons of God. are they Thesesacrifice he purchased pardon and indescribable. dominions Having just are perfect who men made throughpropitiation for individual sin. Jesus the in eternity the progress, mediator of of an covenant, mind newSuch is offered pardon conditionthis wrought who perfect out atonement all it sets for the highest of man

ally. the through shedding his blood."conditions of are The own faith in goals, perfection, ultimate inthe (Doc. and Cov. 76:5169.)Christ and humble obedience to telligence, might, of and majesty these "All are Gods, sons or of God;the simple requirements laid down they are the Kings, Princes, Priests Godhood. and

by him who, by his sacrifice, purchased celestial glory for those of erring humanity who will believe in? keep him his and laws. Pay Do We

is (Jesus) "He the propitiation for our [Continued from page 279] sins: and not for ours only, but also for

the sins of the whole world. attentive hereby to his And daughter's converboot-licker city hall, of the the ondo we that know we him, know if we is, sation. that often that in sidewalk, "And everyclubrooms,keep his commandments."(I 2: John public officials really deserve It where. seems his who time2-3.) to me

"And being made perfect, he became the least are lauded the highest is largely passed, talking baby the author of eternal salvation unto all by friends and halfbaked newsteeth to mothers, chatting nothings them that obey him."(Heb. 5:9.) papers, while those who are doto one of the commissioners or

ing the big fire not be in the work nomay department, arguing Isaiah, previewing the mission ticed at all."dogs at police and the guns staof the Christ says: said a tubful tion. truth of "You his friends prewonder No

hath "He borne griefs, our carand that time,"her father her, assured sented a with him shotgun andried * * * sorrows. our He was woundspeaking as one authority. with ammunition! a heart Where man'sed for transgressions, our he bruised was

for our iniquities: the chastisement of our "No doubt Dr. Sunlow has is, there he wants his playthings

peace was upon friends him; and stripes his with enough. That's to be,"she what continued, libtaking

are * * healed. we hath * The Lord the situation makes erties serious. so scriptures. the with "Notlaid the on iniquity him of us

is all "Such very hard that to bounce. a man good don't men hunting. go (Isaiah 53:4-6.)

"For behold, I, God, have suffered these How could he help having shoals But I have reason to believe that things for all, that they might not suffer of friends when hr's the champion Dr. Sunlow's heart is almost en-

s

The improvement Era for March, 1931 283

tirely outside of his work. I once "You see, my own reelection roof, as daddy thought she would

happened to hear him admit that next month is uncertain. I need after the storm subsided.

he wasn't cut out for the profession the votes that Dr. Sunlow can If this story is to end according

of medicine at all and much less swing to me. In turn I have to conventions, one more thing

for administering public health promised him to put Wheaton on must be mentioned. Two years

work. He always wanted to be the rollers. Also, there are two later two babes were born. One

a dogtrainer, he said."or three influential men in our was the,third.daughter of Dr.

Mr. Growsall nodded his head, own corner of the county that Sunlow. It was dead at birth and

massaged his moustache, and obhave threatened to knife me if I a few days later the mother folserved: don't skid Wheaton. You see, lowed her child to "the better

"We have had reason to suspect Wheaton issued orders to them to land."Bringing the babe into

that Sunlow is not overqualified clean up nuisances that they were the world at the time the mother for the job."maintaining on their premises and was convalescing from a case of

they got redheaded over it. I want typhoid had proved too severe a

test strength. elected of to commissioner be county

let 1 him why HEN course I'll for then one term and more to the As kick other babe—of out before Wheaton he him-

a financial in condition not about it. The be already to you know self gets the sign high to resign?"

leans over immacufather an proud she remonstrated. "I that care. know

lies a woyoung late wherein bed, while Sunlow's time has mostly upheavals of man, beautiful in her brunetteness, been spent in small talk and boot- G;[REAT

emotion tornadoed the young with her twoweeks old son asleep licking, yet it hasn't all been for lady's breast, so for that a minute her in arms. nothing. has continually He

she voice. him, without was Then, shall name we "What knocked Mr. dropWheaton by

radicalm, delivered she outwardly her Alois, asked dear?"Jimmy hints. ping the Mr. Wheaton on rising as ultimatum, so: she did smiling. antly other all tried has hand along to

I "Father, tried a to have Jimreplied be the name!""Oh, observe calls he professional what decent I daughter and had he hope indicating now tone a in my, ethics said has and to nothing anyto overstep not the "After deadline of that. of thought once never to one queer the doctor. This respect to you. faeven But the game but it my the isn't all, name I he has told me. much he know ther can't talk rotten politics to I busy just am now. matters that has never breathed a to word me me. Neither can shelter so he look me that you heaven thanking against it Dr. Sunlow. However, unless longer to he promises darling."come well, bright and fine and has to a time come he must when clean. sing boilershop with her. Then kissed We he Tenderly I out, speak tell think, and comthe emphasis song, old slumber- 'Do the What of cheek the patted he missioners a leading and few peois Right, the Let so: Consequence Foldid as he saying infant, ing ple just is the situation what so low,'but re- a we want when red."too but Indian, good "A that the started has he work may office, election to can't a hear we lost, be not that others he or who even we're standing hymn when see can at the and time same have answering in wife's I the choir. shall IS suitpack 11 my little a conscience, it carry may note case crooning tonight, in a it ended laughter Dad, put and on on. kitchens cafes of The and the Wheaton'babe. her interurban cuddled she with as tomorrow me bakeries the and of storerooms said: as I he grave, morning face to when go grew work."grocers and meatmarkets be may fast, so,said "Not daughter,"poor for that, jolt, terrible "A dangerously insanitary the and politician, in a to the pet her he mood thing good Sunlow. Doc A people as ignorant of fact the as

it lose her. rather "Isn't than contracted his wife before resigned till carefree they are arepidemics

to that anything worth after you Dr. For typhoid. case of her rive, as last they did spring, partly

little present gave your you Sunlow have occurrence, he would an such insanitation through partly and at request?"job depublic a my humiliated by been laxity through of quarantine enthis just "It's much,"worth resignation. his The for mand forcement. city to the As comif are there replied, any "that citizens, she the of portion educated missioners, are they business men,

little I job, will tied to strings look to upon my have come know, you little and of their know whether it might another. Maybe sanitary hunt resulting as from typhoid is health it department what ought I will find one, but be to time take carelessness."to or not, be having training no a Dr. job holding when down faring he's best, not the "At little interest and in health work. it set. Also has sun Sunlow's for Alois, returned well,"too any they like But that do they know that just our strikes own me now the of lost I most has told he nice, am a friendly, toadying for man is short. too family name The sick his practice private which health administrator, so reappoint

I letter added. be should "m"to over turned friend, Grove, Dr. after year year."him it write hereafter that suggest we resigned after two him, Sunlow "We'll to skid have Wheaton, Growsmall."ago."years just the same,"the surprising was

mandate Alois heard from her V. "I'm afraid it's true. Too bad,

parent. too bad,"sympathized Jimmy.

"Father!"Alois stared at him J AMES WHEATON Then brightening he put his arms

as she made this exclamation. soon found himself jobless. Comaround her neck and said gaily:

"Can't help it."missioner Growsall was reelected "See how lucky I am. Now that

Seeing the question mark interthough by a dangerously narmy new book has proved a success.

laced with appeal in her face, he row margin. Daughter Alois I shall not need their little public

exolained: would not return to the parental jobs,"

n h By ADAH R. NAYLOR

New Ways of Cooking, Vegetables

ship with those with whom he Formerly it was thought that vegmakes contacts. etables, especially the "strongjuiced"ones were made more

Food Habits digestible by thorough cooking.

We have discovered our mistake "DOOD habits are easily formed and now do everything possible and most of us like the foods to shorten the cooking period, as to which we are accustomed. The prolonged cooking not only inalert and conscientious mother creases their indigestibility, but rewill see to it that her family is duces them to a dark unpalatable

given a wide variety of natural mass of pulp.

foods, prepared in various ways, dessert will be served to thus avoiding the habit of eating Rules children, you, until a in you certain things cooked only 1. as short vegetables CookNO eaten vegehave also your certain will avoid She way. as short- a time the possible—asall tables,"the says mother. table. anxious diet the at the of discussion

less gives nutrients period for time if talk as are spinach eat"Ah, you because mom, food should we We to dissolved be or destroyed. Cook

staff life!"the the of grumbleswas give too not much hungry, and until just tender, more. no

ifsmall boy. eating, the process of to thought 2. in vegetables to Put cook on

Conversations similar to the we are to have good digestion. Dr. boiling water, and have them beforegoing frequently take place at Walsh says, "The one supremely gin to boil as soon as possible.

is the indigestible thing human chilbecause meals,family most heat can but be lowered, then The is on your mind mind. forced or coaxed When to bedren have boiling should continue until they

it digest can't you your stomach vegetables. theinto of eating many are done. but Meats simmer may

it lift off."must for are reasons this—There two vegetables boil, should off—you

first, in batraining lack of proper 3. teaspoon the water—one vegetables second,byhood, and a Cooked Vegetables to the water makes quart—saltSalt are cooked and improperlywhich set slightly alkaline to helps and

unattractively served. "\75GETABLES are natural foods the color in green vegetables.

n HILDREN should be trained of* and should form a large part 4. Cook whole or in large from the very beginning to eat be eatenthe diet.raw, butManyas a ofrulethemthey canare pieces,skins. andManywhereof thepossiblevaluableinfoodthe

all good foods. They will of more easily digested when cooked, elements are in the skins.

course develop a preference for cerbecause the cellular structure is 5. Cook mildflavored vegetain things but they should be able broken down by heat, making it tables in a tightly covered sauceto eat any wholesome dish set bepossible for the digestive juices to pan with just enough water to be

fore them. If the housewife gives penetrate them more easily.

thought and time to the preparaRaw vegetables as displayed at tion of a meal each member of the the markets are the most beautiful family should eat a portion of evof foods, but when poorly cooked erything served. The mother who and brought to the table with both

cooks peas for Johnny when the color and flavor gone, they are a rest of the family are having carsad sight to the eyes, and unpleasrots is not only causing herself ant to the taste.

unnecessary trouble, but she is In no department of cookery has mapping out a sad future for her thetherepreparationbeen as greatof vegetables.a change as Inin

son.,T?he boy who goes out into creased knowledge of the composithe world able to eat whatever tion of foods, together with lababsorbed in the cooking.: Time

food is available can adjust himself oratory tests have taught us that the cooking period——do not reto almost any condition. -.. This vegetables may be cooked without peatedly remove the lid to test for

means comfort and well being fot? destroying their natural color, tenderness. If a small amount of

himself and an agreeable relationtheir flavor or their food value. [ Continued on page 308]

Joseph Smith A Modern American Prophet By JOHN HENRY EVANS

VII stated, set to with a will on the of. Gradually, however, she befarmwork. But, as we have also gan to mend.

stated, his not mind those was on tasks, physical rather but on though, Joseph the \/EANTIME,ITthanis nowthreeearlyweeksin afterJuly,themoredesacred writings which Martin now sleep 1 x had had little during parture of Martin Harris from has in his possession. Then somethose anxious days. For night

Joseph Smith's home in Harmony thing happened which made him after night and day after day he with the precious manuscript in forget, for the time being, at least, had watched at the bedside, with his pocket. Moreover, we are at even the manuscript. a strained eagerness that could not

the Smith home in the township It was the illness of his wife. help but tell on even the strongest

of Manchester. constitution. This, with what was first, baby was A born—the cleared just has Mother Smith already on his mind, broke all but a it boy. and died after But soon the table of dishes, the breakfast his strong down body. birth, a life and for the time of theand menfolk out have gone the young mother despaired was as soon well As was Emma their to the farm. on work

Two men enter the house unenough to realize the situation announced. One of them Mother clearly, she insisted that her husSmith has never seen before, nor '$$&& band go to Palmyra to see what

have any of the family. The had become of Martin Harris. The

other is her son Joseph. man had been gone now for three

If his arrival at this early hour weeks, without sending any word is a surprise to her, as it clearly is, concerning the manuscript. And

she is moved by nothing short of so Joseph, leaving his wife in the astonishment at his appearance care of her mother, took the stage physically. For Joseph is a very for his old home.

sick man, both in body and in mind, but especially in body. The ()N the way there a fellow pastruth is, he has almost to be car- w senger, the only one in the

ried into the house by the stranger. coach besides himself, observed

The explanation is simple. Joseph's paleness and weakened

condition and tried to engage him the departure of Harris, in conversation, with a view to as*A* FTERJoseph, already we have aiding hfm. Martin Harris

286 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

"You seem not to be very well,"sometimes he bursts into a flood broke my covenant with you, Joscovenant withhe said. "I wonder if I could of tears. eph—I broke my

help you in any way?"At exactly half past twelve the you and with God."

Joseph told him about his family see Martin coming across It comes out little by little what wife's sickness and his own loss the field, his head hanging down Martin has done to jeopardize the of sleep, thanked the man for his dejectedly. manuscript.

interest, but declined any assistBy this time the other members ance. of the family have come in for A FTER showing it to the five

is ready. Hyrum ** persons agreed upon in the The nearest point to Manchester dinner—which

at which the stagecoach stopped has dropped in to have a chat with compact, his wife was so pleased was twenty miles away, and from his brother Joseph. They all sit that she allowed him, as a very

there to his father's house Joseph down to the meal. special privilege, to keep it in one

had to go on foot. But his new of her dresser drawers, which had

friend would not hear of his going a lock and key. But she did not

give the key. insistedalone; him on accompanyhe

his presses two Martin Then time, all when she was away One the way.ing him his against temples and hands

"You will be in danger,"he exclaims from home, a friend called on explained, "of falling asleep in the "Oh, I have lost my soul! I Harris. He naturally brought up

forest, and if you do that there have lost my soul!"the matter of Martin's absence in

is no telling what might happen Joseph jumps up from the Pennsylvania, and that led to what to you."table. "Martin, you haven't took place there. And that brought

he that manuscript?"topic the And the manuscript of up the so walked two And eyes those Harris with at the lostlooks its present whereabouts. and night the throughgreater of part through. pierce that one friend's curiosity was The last three four orthe woods. The an- I Martin have,""Yes, eyes his aroused. to set He begged tellsmiles, Smith, the Mrs. and "it's gone, Joseph, man swers;

it. gratify desire to Martin's on it is."I where don't know led the to arm, beJoseph by had

his the friend's overcame wish that every and the reasonfor now scruples, moral he thereupon and fell asleep as he walked,then he so exhausted was he from his exhibited the forbidden document so, to him. In order to do hownot does come imHarrisvigils, hunger from and fatigue, "DUT-*-> lock to pick the he had Inever, the house. into mediately and anxiety. worryand from

to the angry an which paved way gate, reaches the stead, he when travelers the Presently weary in since wife, the process he had in fence the seat a takes on he aftersit breakfast, to a hot down face of the drawer. the marred is place. hat His the front of feel refreshed greatly theywhich lit (of replacing Instead in Mrs. Presenthis face. over drawn down stranger goes the way. on hisand it Harris'in drawer, his he put the into ly, ventures he however,

house. When he is invited to sit own, which had no lock and key.

his of companion momentHPHE Others also examined the manure- table, so does he down at the of the house, * the night is out script. knife his takes luctantly. up He

Joseph asks if his mother has seen and fork, as if to begin the meal,

Martin Harris lately. And he but suddenly lays them down '"TOWARDS the end of the three

tells her what has happened. She again. Then he presses his two *- weeks Martin's attention was

has not seen him. At once a meshands against his temples and exoccupied with setting his affairs

senger is sent for Martin, who says claims to rights prior to returning to Harthat he will come right away. "Oh, I have lost my soul! I mony. And so his mind was not

But he does not come right have lost my soul!"very much on the paper. When

away. Joseph jumps up from the taJoseph sent for him, he went to

The clock strikes nine, and he ble. "Martin, you haven't lost the place where he had put it for

has not put in an appearance. It that manuscript?"And he looks safekeeping, with the intention

strikes ten, and he has not come. at Harris with those eyes that of taking it with him. But it was

Eleven, and he is still absent. pierce one through. nowhere to be found. Then beTwelve o'clock, and still no Mar- "Yes, I have,"Martin answers; gan that distressing search for the

tin Harris. What can be the mat- "it's gone, Joseph, and I don't manuscript, which had delayed

ter? know where it is."him for hours.

hearing this story of treachMeanwhile, Joseph paces the "Oh, my God"—from Joseph. On

floor in anguish of spirit. Every "Lost! lost! What am I to do? I ery every one in the room is dumbfew seconds he looks at the clock, have sinned. Martin, go back and founded. The atmosphere is surand immediately afterwards out of search for it."charged with the spirit of tragedy.

the window in the direction from "It's no use, Joseph. I've It is as if they stood in the presence

of a great natural hurtful displaywhich Harris is expected to come. looked everywhere—ripped open

Sometimes the young man groans beds and pillows and everything. of power. And they do. For

aloud. Sometimes he says, to the I know it's not there."what ought to be the most deatmosphere in general, what he has An oppressive silence. pendable force in the universesaid a thousand times to himself, "Did you show it to any one the moral force—has given way in

"Oh, why did I let him have it? else but those we agreed on?"one of their number, just when

I had a feeling all the time that I Joseph inquires. it was needed most.

was doing wrong. Why didn't I Martin does not answer for a Martin Harris is shamefaced,

heed the first answer?"And moment. Then, "Yes, I did. I humiliated to the dust. He could

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 287 wish himself annihilated, blotted view to arousing public opinion "tell the truth, the whole truth, out of existence. Father Smith and against Joseph Smith. This young and nothing but the truth,"says

Hyrum look on in dumb amazeupstart doesn't any more have gold very solemnly that Joseph Smith ment, as if some one had struck plates than any one else in the told him confidentially that there them a sudden blow in the face. place. He only pretends he does, is nothing but sand in "that box!"

Others are crying. Joseph has reand that, too, from the low moAnother witness, on top of the

sumed his pacing forward and tive of getting money from those same oath, says as solemnly: "Joe

back, in utter numbness of mind. who have earned it by the sweat Smith told me that there was only

He says of their brows. So why should lead in the box!"But he does

"And must I go back to Harhe be allowed to get by with such not know where the lead came mony with such a tale as this? I an idea? That is the way this selffrom.

it! can't do can I appear appointed How individual puts it to the third witness still gives an- A before after the Lord, I have* what neighbors. other version of the matter. He this in redone matter? what Of tells the court: "I once inquired

I buke not the worthy from am of Joe Smith he in what the had angel?"box, and he answered that there

is "Oh, alone selfcom- Mother Smith Lost! God! Lost! my

it all! in at nothing was was He I I to What have sinned. do? am posed offer to sensible enough only fooling people so that Martin, he go back for search and words. so "Don't worry much, it."could get without money working.

says. she Joseph,"the "Maybe Especially he wanted to get "It's use, money no I've Joseph. will forgive Lord you. There looked of I Harris. open Martin as a know everywhere—ripped be this must of some out way pillows beds and everything. and fact that has he got at already

I it's terrible situation, sure. not there."know I'm Huleast or three two dollars hundred miliation repentance and always it to "Did you show one any from him."

are followed by forgiveness."else but those we agreed on?"

I did. "Yes, next coveearly morning Joseph The my M"OT nant with you, broke sets off for his home in Harmony. Joseph—II broke covenant with with you and - are allexamined.the witnesses,The judgethough,says my

not this episode orYSTHETHER God."he will hear no more till Martin is Harris himself allowed to testivv of the Lost Manuscript, with is this reasonable, since fy. And

that scratched dresser drawer beeverything turns on whether young longing to Mrs. Harris has anySome of the neighbors, of Smith has really swindled Harris.

thing to do with what follows in course, think the same thing. They So Martin testifies.

this section of Western all York along, have thought so tKey New says: I raise He "When hand my is State, is certain. not It certain, say. to Something done be ought in this court tell and promise to

is that there however, a great it. is comabout done, something And I the truth, can say truthfully that over the motion character doand in a hurry. and done Joseph Smith has never received ings of is it Joseph Smith. And one dollar except me, from what equally certain that in Martin, a same goes '"THIS to busybody I voluntarily gave him. That was spite fact of the * that he does not notary public and an makes fifty dollars, he when going was return to to in aid the Harmony affidavit effect to the believes that he to Pennsylvania, even and then translation of the of Book MorJoseph his in does Smith not have he to wanted give a for note me nevertheless mon, does a turn good possession all, plates at gold any the I money. This can prove. to the seer in young defending his that just but he pretends has he I Furthermore, never have in seen motives in and thus off warding in get order to from money Martin Joseph Smith any disposition to what might have become another Harris. is a complaint actually take And any man's money, without in delay translation the of the against sworn out the young man, giving him in something return. Nephite Record. is although he State. the out of as for the plates And which he

Some busybody or other in the Also witnesses are rounded up for professes to have, I tell you, genneighborhood takes it upon himthe purpose of proving this affitlemen, that if you go on fighting self to set things to rights so far davit to be true. Pretty soon the this thing, it will one day be the

as Joseph Smith his and claims whole group of mischiefmakers means of damning souls. your

("pretentions"they are called hie off to them Lyons, the is where true, This as God made me!"hereabouts) to having seen is anan court session. in the judge Then has his say:

gel, are concerned. are There peoSays to Mother court Smith 'The will Hyrum, hear no more ple like in that the world. They get things witnesses. to this when pass: Bring the written me

act the on assumption that other think testimony to do you "What of ought we those witnesses who folk not do have either inthe it?"do about testified have falsely."last This

telligence or the to decide judgment all, at is "Nothing says said remark mother,"to clerk. the When matters for themselves. so And isn't the Hyrum. clerk 'There a thing it has we brought to him,

these meddlers go about making do. can Besides, is the the it tears judge able into Lord pieces before

out to decide questions for every to take care of his own affairs; he everybody. "Now,"he continues,

one else whom they know. can deliver Joseph from every addressing himself to those same

trouble. We must look to him."witnesses, "Go home and mind

TVELL, this person, whoever he And that is what they do. your own business, and don't

is (Mother Smith says it is a At the court in Lyons, howbother your heads about such woman), goes from house to house ever, there are great carryingson. nonsense."

in Palmyra and vicinity, with a One witness, after swearing to And they did.

Music Committee

In Place of the Bulletin Institutes for Choristers and This course was originated by the

Church Music Committee is Organists Churching was Musicdone byCommittee,the followingthe teachmem-THEpleased to accept space in the Era, series of lectures for choristers bers of the McCune School of Musicwhich has been proffered by the pubTHEand organists in seven of the more and Art faculty, Edward P. Kimball,

lishers, and beginning with this issue populated regions of the Church have Anthony C. Lund, Reginald Beales,

the material which has been published practically been completed, and it is Lester Hinchcliff, Claire Reid, and Diheretofore in the Church Music Bulinspiring to note the interest with rector Tracy Y. Cannon, and the

letin will appear in this magazine. which our music leaders attended the expense born jointly by the General

The increased circulation and the high course. About forty stakes were inBoards of the Church, the Church

character of the magazine will insure vited to participate, and from these Music Committee, and the McCune a much wider dissemination of the stakes approximately 3000 persons atSchool of Music and Art.

instructions from the Church Music tended the lectures.

Committee than was possible in the The material presented was of a A Meeting of Choristers and editions of the Bulletin,limited nature, being and general the attempt to Organists its appreciaexpressesthe Committee organists the choristers lay before and tion for this assistance. of all organizations such fundamentals pHAIRMAN MELVIN J. BALas the Church Music Committee feels LARD announces that there will

Relationship of Chorister toare beto necessarydo their ifworkour withmusicefficiencyleaders beganistsa meetingof all organizations,of choristers includingand orand Organist and authority. No attempt has been ward and stake choirs, some time durmade to take /up problems which ing the April general conference, the

T N most of the music activity of belong specifically to the different ordate to be announced later. An urgent

-* the Church we recognize chorister ganizations, but principles and usage appeal is made to these music leaders and organist, each with specific duties, which underlie all music activity of to attend the meeting, when matters responsibilities and limitations. Only whatsoever nature in the Church. of importance for the future advanin rare cases are the functions of both There has been a gratifying attitude tage of choristers and organists will be

delegated to one person. Inasmuch as on the part of the local professional presented.

most of our music procedure is musicians, and their attendance in orlarge chorister has done both numbersplanned with and much to make Helpful Books a success. the course the field Committeeganist in of each mind, The and

so clearly defined, it is essential that is also indebted to the fine cooperation r HORISTERS who desire to make atheir work be done with the closest of the Priesthood authorities in the full study of their requirements cooperation. stakes and wards. will find the following books of interest: Music Notation and Terminology,

director has chorister or music The Karl Gehrkens, by Deseret Book Comgatherings, in the ofcharge our music pany, postpaid; Essentials $1.60 of

leads singing, theselects the songs and Silent Niht Conducting, Karl Gehrkens, by same direction, the sugthe and withunder price; Choristers 25c. Manual, Orstrains officer, as one thegestions, presiding and of THOUSAND ganists will find in help the much In blending, harmony organist thein consultation with

c, Organists inthe Manual, 25 and to voiceless the or ALifting Heaven the phases All of songaccompanist. struction it. that goes book with to thanksgiving him, A leader the agreed beshould upon by

life. of Giver These The books have been recommended speed, as accompanist, the suchand as a Chords thousand from institutes. recent the during

the thatinterpretation, so song when strings Welltuned is It gratifying to notice the increase it is in the like done be should played breeze a Fan in use the the of collection new hymn ears soul. the the of these agreed To two. by uponmanner

the throughout Church. Anyone Angelguardians stand leadsings the congregation theWhen ha.s difference the observed parin who in reverence Bowed the Chorister, the anding is done by

ticipation a of congregation benediction. Nature's with To directhe follow shouldaccompanist

tions given by their leader. Under books in their hands and one without

in case singing latter the that knows the circumstances accompanshouldno sleeping million souls If A of the former. congreahead is way ist singers in lead the to opattempt cloak, that Sheltered by is of act gational singing worship an director. such to theposition do To silence, of cloak Dark

it in to a surely be ought done way conclusive to give bea thing rest. would lulled to Are

it, is for that worshipful. Compare does the that not accompanistevidence

understand the first requirement of acinstance, with prayer. An individual

companying, and will result in con- A beggar by the wayside, offering a prayer in a service gives exfusion. Alone with his maker; pression to his own thoughts FOR us

The maiden with her dreams, all; or liken it to a sermon: one perto fondle; are capable Alone persons is us, others Only to or who speaking son TO

tears, her with mother The congregational a in us. singing, But direct the to chosenshould be FOR

lost; Alone, her loved one every conditions, ideal song, under are susthey chosen andand when child hopes, unborn with The

his present own one EXPRESS may life yet come; new Of to in supportedtained should be they

his neighspeak prayer, or may silent the night TO Under office, to pertains theeverything which utterance thrill giving lulled to sleep. peace, are bor, In by or mayaccording to the policy of the Church,—H. Edw. Bridge. to his own reaction to the content of

especially by the accompanist. the words he is singing.

PRIESTHOOD is prepared All Metchizedek Priesthood material direction under of the QUORUMSthe Council of the Twelve;

is material Priesthood and prepared QU Aaronic the direction Bishopric. under Presiding the of s* ->y (T\j

The Whole

Armor of God By ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT

"Ye are the children of the light, and the children of the day; we are not of\the night, nor of darkness.

* * * Let us who are of the day be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love;;and for a helmet,

the hope of salvation."(Thess. 5:5, 8.)

Soldiers of the Cross

the lessons preparedAMONGfor the Lesser Priesthood The strength of

Living, Righteous for quorums is one 1931 painting a from by entitled, "Soldiers of the Cross."Prof. WildPaul

In previous lessons the boy has haber.

been taught of his marvelous birthright as a child of God, and his as a bearermighty mission the of

Priesthood. is the temptations and perils he must * * For he became Satan, yea, this lesson In he

likened unto the valiant crusader encounter are great and insidious. even the devil, the father of lies

of old with his ideal of service As never before, perhaps, the forces to deceive and to blind men, and which led him to sacrifice his all of evil are marshaled to bring to lead them captive at his will not hearkas many as wouldfor the cause to which he was about his downfall. even * * * the voice en unto of God.pledged. youth, modern To the

to the inhabitants the of Woeeven crusader, than to the more The Great Dragon of Evil of the devil earth and sea! for theapplies the call, Savior's stirring

"Come, take up the cross, and fol- p\ESPITE the tendency someis come down unto you, having low me.""Whosoever doth not times to scoff at the idea of great wrath, because he knoweth

bear his cross, and come after me, an actual evil power, the teachings he hath but a short time."(Rev.

cannot be my disciple.""If any of the Lord on this point are 12:7-9, 12.)

man will come after me, let him definite and clear. "An angel of

deny himself, and take up his cross God who was in authority in the The Destruction Caused by and follow me. For whosoever presence of God, and was with One Wicked Man

will save his life shall lose it: and him from the beginning,"because

whosoever shall lose his life for his unholy ambitions were thwart- '"FHE misery brought about bemy sake shall find it."ed, was angry and rebelled and * cause one man allowed himmany followed after him. "And self to be led astray by Satan is

One of the Noble there was war in heaven; Michael told in the story of Amalickiah:

and his angels fought against the He was a large and strong man "PHE youth in the Church today dragon; and the dragon fought and of cunning mind and persuasive

is no weakling. He is not a his angels, And prevailed not. * flattery. Satan put it into his

coward. Seldom indeed does he * * And the great dragon was heart to aspire to become king,

fail to stand forth bravely when cast out, that old serpent, called By promises to make his followers he understands the call of service. the Devil, and Satan, which derulers over the people he won many

As President Young once remarked, ceiveth the whole world: he was to his side. One ambition led

there are no greater spirits than cast out into the earth, and his to another. By treachery and

those now being sent to earth. But angels were cast out with him. * murder Amalickiah became chief

290 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

commander of the Lamanite army, calls upon us to attack evil wheresnow-white charger, richly caparithen their king. Praying upon ever it is seen with the true courage soned. Aloft in his right arm he

their ageold hatred of the more and righteous zeal of Moroni, and holds in commanding, triumphant righteous Nephites, he incited them fearlessly and steadfastly to defend gesture the flaming sword of the to war, and thousands upon thouthe truth. Hear the words of that Spirit of the Lord, which is the

sands of lives were lost, and the high call to service: Word of God. Upon his head

filledland unhappiness was with the and of Salvation, Helmet "Finally, brethren, in is be strong mybecause of this one man. it about given to him is the crown the in the Lord, and of his power might.

"Put on the whole armor of God, who overcomes. The Angel Mo-

A Man of Valor that ye may be able to stand against the roni, as his crest, symbolizes the

QPPOSED to the fiendish dewiles"Forof wethewrestledevil. not against flesh and missionaryThe breastplatework ofof righteousnessthe Church.

blood, of against principalities, but Amalickiah against was Moprotects signs the wears youth which powers, against the rulers of the darknessroni, of the commander Nephite evil. left his arm from him On this world, against spiritual wickednessarmies, of the heroes one of bears Faith, the Shield of he on all ofin places. high

time. "Wherefore take unto you the whole which are symbols adopted as the

"And Moroni was a strong and mighty armor of God that ye may be able to distinctive badge of the junior man; a he was perfect of a are underwithstand so richly sugman in the evil day, and having done workers which

all, to stand.standing; yea, a did not delight man that gestive of deeds of service. noble

in bloodshed; a therefore, "Stand soul did loins joy whose having man your

in the liberty about the with truth, and his girt freedom of and having on With this Shield of Faith he is country, and his brethren from bondage the breastplate of righteousness; "able to quench all the fiery darts

and slavery. Yea, a man whose heart did "And your feet shod with the preparaof the wicked."His legs and feet

swell with thanksgiving to his God for tion of the gospel of peace; are "shod with the preparation of

the privileges blessings many and which all, peace."the the Gospel of the taking shield faith, "Above of Uponhe his bestowed a people; upon man who shall wherewith ye able be to quench seen horse is also of the panoplydid labor exceedingly the for welfare and all the fiery darts the of wicked. * * *safety the the his coatof-arms complete of of people. a was He

take the helmet of salvation, "And and firm faith in theman was Christ who of successful junior has worker, who the the Spirit, of is sword the which heand had sworn with to oath an defend iof activity the every completed of words (Ephesians God."6:1017.)his people, his rights, his country, and

and his religion, even to the loss of his "For the word of God is quick, and course. The original painting

blood. * * * Verily, verily, I say unto powerful and sharper than any twoedged brings out the various colors in

you, if all men had been and were, and sword, piercing even Jto the dividing pleasing richness.

ever be, like spirit, asunder of would unto soul and behold, of the Moroni, and the very joints and powers is a marrow, discerner of of While the knight is shown aloft and have been hell would shaken forever; yea, the devil would the thoughts and intents of the hearts."on the eminence to which he has

never have power over the hearts of the (Hebrews 4:12.) attained, in the chasm at his feet

children of men."writhes a wounded dragon in

HPHE idealism in these words fiendish but futile rage. By theIn the Strength of the Lord * must appeal to every true power of his sword—the Word of

the has driven youth iri spirit hearted youth. them God—the The fastened his he headon AND evil before in of dragon morhim skilled has been a portrayed by plate his breastplate, and and tal fear. hisses the depths he From artist as in the accompanyshown shields,his girded arhis and on the forked of back with tongue is cut. ing a photograph This the forthmor,"and went among is hate, his in but eye venomous original taken largesized of anpeople, his "Title waving of Libterror a seen the of wild matchless painting Professor Paul Wildbyerty"written, on "In which was greater his than power own. illustrate especially to haber made religion, of our our God,memory

freedom, our peace,and and our Athepenabovesketchpassageof theforhorsethe juniors.and the That Ye May Be Able towives, children,"and our and crying with a loud voice, fully armored rider was made by Withstand the Evil Day

N. O. Wood, (first assistant to

will picture the message of this "Behold, whosoever maintain and 'T'HE in Genealogical Karl Weiss the title let the land, forth them upon come is it illustrates of the lesson of in the Committee Third Wardin the the strength of enter Lord, and inspiration. one of hope and TreSalt Professor City. Wildinto Lake that will they a covenant maintain

their rights, and their religion, that the haber, when shown the sketch mendous forces of evil are pittedLord may bless them."caught the spirit of the work and against the youth of today—our

girls. boys and But by own a genius touch of added with more proclaimed had Moroni When righteous living faithful adand life fire to the the of horse pose andthese the words, people runcame herence to the light principles of it rider central the and and made together theirning with armor truth, these "children the and of oil figure a large painting. of He loins, theirgirded about coveand will light"shielded be proand has a permitted kindly photograph that theynanted fornot would tected in the of accomplishment his taken the of of to be productsake the Lord. with armed Thus their missions. need mighty We art, this in be to printed and numof thethe could might they Lord fear in for welldoing, have no in for ber the use of Era, connecfail.not the said again: has once Lord tion Lesser the Priesthood with

rejoice, "Lift hearts your up and and the central part of Only gird loins, take up your and you uponThe Armor of Righteousness lessons.

the picture is here shown. that armor, ye whole be able It my may

'T'HE Lord, through his authorrepresents a youthful knight, to withstand that evil day, having done * * * all able to ye be stand and may ized servants, strong in the strength repeatedly of righteous has

I until faithful be shall come, ye andportrayed his faithful clothed as living, servants armor in the whole I that be caught up, shall where ye am valiant warriors in full armor. He of God, mounted upon a spirited be also."(Doc. and Cov. 27:1518.)

MUTUAL MESSAGES

Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox,

:;; r, richard

: j. lyman, General Offices Y. L. M. I. A. LucyClarissaGrantA. Beesley,Cannon, ballard,; melvin

33 Bishop's Building Secretary Executive

: i Oscar. I,? A. Kirkham: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH SecretaryElsie Hogan

The Next Three Months HRHE general management of the gram on two or even three consecutive thoroughly to enjoy your work for -*- M. I. A. in stakes and wards nights, so that all the people may hear the next three months. Discover

from now until the end of May the entire group of events. Under anew the lovely young people you

should be a delightful and easy task. any method followed, a fine enthusihave in your own communities; lift

The problems of organization were asm in the achievements of the stake yourself above the horizon of your solved early in the season, the various will color all the proceedings. detail work and look out upon the

groups were well launched months As officers you will be glad to be glorious cause to which you are deago in their Manual studies and class relieved of the necessity of calling in voted. You have sown the seeds

activities, the activity program is runjudges as heretofore. You will also in the months just passed; now enjoy

ning smoothly—now the officers can be happy that the big events in the the fruits.

enjoy the fine results which we are stake come before the closing weeks For details as to ward achievements, sure will come as a reward of the of the public schools with their many "A"Standard interpretations, the constrenuous efforts put forth. First of calls on our membership. ducting of Stake and Ward Honor

these results will be shown in the After the Honor days are over, the Days, and awards, read carefully the

Ward and Stake Honor Days which months of April and May will be January and February Eras.

occur this month. If careful record devoted to the completion of the ManTo the secretaries, we call attention

has been kept of all who have parual discussions and the halfhour proto the March report of accomplishticipated in the activity program and grams which are to be furnished by ments. Please give us accurate inof all who have made "A"Standard the departments. During these two formation on contest events as asked

in the various events, it should not months also are fine opportunities for for, so that we may have the same on be difficult to prepare. a Ward Honor personal contact between you and file. With you we desire to know

Day program which will be of keen your members which may not have how extensively our program this enjoyment to the entire community. been possible during the previous year has touched the lives of our

This will be an event marking an months. Officers and leaders: prepare membership.

achievement of which each ward asso- -IIK<sJs*OI ciation may be proud and will form a standard on which to build in following years. Here is an opportunity Report on Y. L. M. I. A. Girls'Camp

for your Era and Publicity committee of for that their a summer build, camp organization own andto participate advertising by it in the HTHEJthe needgirls Stake supervise of Cache was dissuch home. a summer attractive possible.most way

cussed in Y. L. M. I. A. Board meetMiss Vera Carlson and Mrs. Martha

Day, a unique At the Honor Ward year as the ing as long ago of 1912. were the to asked Hickman Board by

is feature in introduced the choosing, Actual the negotiate not done was work on E. with Mr. C. Shepard

by the participants themselves, of repproject at that time because of the and Mr. Edwin Spencer of the U. S.

resentatives to go on to the next big World's War and consequent unfavorForest Service for a permit to occupy event, the Stake Honor Dav. In this able economic conditions. Spring Hollow, that being considered,

first this in experienceour venture, for reasons, it a desirable for location Sentiment many grew, however, it is sincerely that best the hoped of for the in camp. spring the and of beginning a 1919

feeling diffiwill prevail that and no Letters President was Claire are made from Shepard Mr. when N. on

culties arise cannot which be may

I. the of stake are thanks and Hulme his due for L. Y. A. file him M.

easily overcome. courtesy helpfulness in the matter. and stake the presidency, Presiwith met

The Stake Honor Day should be dent Serge Baliff and Counsellors O. A satisfactory permit was finally se-

a gala affair. Representatives from H. Budge and Joseph Quinney, and cured after thorough investigation into

all the wards will come, perhaps in submitted the proposition for their the matter of ownership of building every event. It may be necessary to consideration. A short time later, persites in the forest reserve.

divide the large numbers participating haps two weeks, being assured of the The next step was the beginning and the many times larger numbers support and cooperation of the stake of a building fund which was made attending, into sections, carrying on presidency, the Y. L. M. I. A. Board by the production of a "Trip Around

the various activities simultaneously; met with the local officers, and after the World,"by the conjoint M. I.

or, some stakes may continue the produe consideration, those present voted A. in July. The net proceeds of

.

292 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

this production were divided at the was officer's week and a very splendid home. (Among L. D. S. nontemple

ratio of 40 to 60 percent in favor time was had. marriages divorce is 50% greater than

of the Y. L. M. I. A. and deposited Constitution and bylaws for govamong those married in the temple)

in the First National Bank of Logan. erning and supervision had previously 3. Temple marriage upholds the

All of the banks of Logan were canbeen carefully worked out and adopted ideal that children are the heritage vassed for bids for the building fund by the M. I. A. of the stake. Copies from the Lord.and the committee decided in favor of this are on file, as well as plans 4. The Slogan for 193031—"We

of the First National Bank. All for occupancy by girls of Logan and Stand for Loyal Adherence to Latterour banking business has been done Cache Stakes. day Saint Ideals."(For suggestions

with that institution. They have Now at the close of the third seasee February Era, Executive Departtreated us with great consideration at son many hundreds of girls have ment, Mutual Messages).

all times. spent their annual vacation there; 5. Temple marriage makes for fiSince the Y. M. M. I. A. had dethousands of visitors from many states delity and chastity, without which'

cided to build a Scout Camp conhave enjoyed its hospitality and gone there is no enduring happiness in the joint committees were organized to away feeling that the girls of our comhome. (See "Gospel Doctrine"by

push forward the work. Outlines munity are blessed in their summer Pres. Jos. F. Smith.)

of these and subsequent committees home. Also "Thoughts on Marriage,"by

are on file in the Y. L. M. I. A. Board We hope that as the years pass Geo, F. Richards, Feb. Era, page 190).

room. and officers come and go the high Appropriate music should be interbuilt the spersed throughout. for was purpose which camp cooperation enlisting the for Plans

girl's for every vacation happy as carried about the public—a were

condisuitable outing under summer Basketball Tournamentoffollows:—in kept constantly mind be tions—will I. visited A. members M. Board InterDivision officers I. Tournament of A. the L. Y. M. by THE ideas those to submittedmeetings and will this year at Ogden be held Stakes. and Cache Logan

letters Baliff sent Presidentpresent. 12, in the Gymnasium, March Weber

asking for bishops,to all the instead of in Salt 14, 1931, 13, and their asSuggested Program for Sun-; Superintendent sistance Humphreys as heretofore. City Lake

discussed it with the high council and day Evening Conjoint The district winners will be in

President Hulme submitted plans to Meeting attendance and it is expected that a

C. Clio A. Club, Club andWoman's fine held. will be tournament April very Casto George League; D.Women's Floyd Brother com- G. Eyre and his

and ofaddressed Commerce Chamber the are directly mittee charge of Marrages: Temple THEME: Club. (DoRotary Humphrey'sMr. 1. tournament. temporal and Committee plan for God's The MinMen organizations werenations by make invite cordially the General happiness. of Board eternal

recorded elsewhere.) 2. Increases the stability of the anyone interested to be in attendance.

Meantime the fund was added to and plans completed to build permanently and provide for adequate

IE supervision. ID IE IPA N T A ID U IT RJM under the building was The actual - Committee committee a building of supervision

as follows: C. M. Christensen, ChairDr. Arthur L. Beeley and Lucy W. Smith, Chairmen; Dr. Joseph F. Merrill, Dr. Franklin S.

man; R. J. Evans, Louis Cardon, A. Harris, Lewis T. Cannon, Dr. Lyman L. Daines, Ann M. Cannon, Rose

E. Cranney, Claire Hulme, Magda W. Bennett, Emily H. Higgs, Charlotte Stewart

Peterson and Vera Carlson.

The architect whose plan was acDahle Dahle. Mr. cepted Fred was copy. Let's have a Manual in every the Report in great deal of interest took a home.

absolutely without undertaking, of the GenCommittee Adult the buildmuneration. We feel that a desires reTHEeral Board of M. I. A.

ing which is so satisfactory is due report from every association in the Leadership Course in blanks purpose For this large measure to his painstaking Church. University the Brigham Young thoughtfulness. through out have been 'sent the Genof tstake ATthe Committee Adult

Work on the building began May officers. Ward officers will please assist eral Board was represented in the

26, 1921, with Alfred Berntson, forethe General Boards by filling out, as acRecreational Leadership Program, man of construction. curately as possible, the answers to all Wednesday, January 28, 1931, by Dr.

Miss Vera Carlson, as treasurer of the questions. The blank should then Lyman L. Daines and Miss Charlotte

the bookkeeping for funds cared and Adult in considering Stewart, The superintendent stake to the returned be this satisfactory manner; a in most in World. a Modern it I. be should A.; him of by M. exthere as an task a was quite was to the Adult mailed treated "Recreation and compiled Stewart Miss twelve approximately of penditure the General Board M. of Committee In Times"Our dollars. thousand Salt Office I. Building, A., Individual. (a) Church an As the bills passed were by upon All

City. as a Responsibility of Lake Adult (b) checks paid and committee building by

Leader. treasurer were signed by the which Possibilitreated Dr. Daines "The of committee. and chairman A comManual of ties as Discussion a Means of accompanies report treasurer's plete

this report and will be filed. "V4"UCH praise is heard for the ManRecreation,"applying it to the Adult

President Grant dedicated the camp -*-* ual from people who are well Manual period. on September 4, 1922, in the presinformed on the subject, "Community Adult Women's Division—

ence of a large gathering. The camp Health and Hygiene."Some go so To those studying the course on

was opened for regular occupancy in far as to say that every family would "Indian Lore"the article "Cliffs and

June, 1923, with Miss Myrtle Nebbe well repaid in health even if it Caves of Southern Utah"in this Era eker as house mother. The first week had to pay $5.00 instead of 50c per will be of interest.

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 293

Features Animal Crackers Adults iDiEiPir. Are There Adults You coMAiu N iiw&criryinrY

Big Family Boy ========================== ===== Committee of Bottom Family the World

Captain Applejack Adults ViceChair- Beesley, E. E. Ericksen, C. A. Clarissa J. Ballard, Emily Chairmen; Adams,Melvin

Adults Follow Thru Jos. J. Spencer Smith, F. Taylor, C. Iverson, H. John Don Wood,men; Heber W. O. Robinson,

Cornwall, Charlotte Stewart, Elsie T. Brandley, Katie C. Jensen, Evangeline T. Beesley, Fragment of an Empire, A Adults

Ethel S. Anderson Glorious Adventure, The Family

Heads Up Family Lincoln Family Lost Gods Family Motion Pictures LoveMen ofin thethe RoughNorth FamilyFamily

Moby Dick Adults Carlo Family Monte Clubs. 192930, season of the of Women'sDURING Arcade, Adults Penny The division Picture of the Motion of before the opening weeks Two Prince of Adults Diamonds, The Activitythe Committee Community Theatre, the at "Disraeli"Chimes Family Record Run, The effort in Board, the General anof sent the organization out to Oakland, Trail, Sante Family Fe The

help with the solution of many of pamphlets, extolling the Arliss play Sea God, The Family the problems surrounding the matter to its 25,000 members. The manageSea Wolf, The i Adults

of ward presentation of motion picment of the theatre knew nothing of Sons of the Saddle Family tures, called together a number of the project until it received a copy Soup to Nuts Family

Spoilers, Adults The differentrepresentatives wards, from this the contained pamphlet, of which Adults Sweethearts Parade on the a beginning towardand was made all rerequest: those ask who "We - Adults East Faces Three to central a committee offorming letter this ceive a cross to place on the Family of Dice Throw

investigate conditions, construcmake tickets, indicatthe Adults their back of thus Worldly Goods tive suggestions and be able, through ing their appreciation of our endeavor their knowledge of certain pictures, to provide the best pictures for the Shorts to recommend good ones for ward best patrons."Artie Antics Family

Family Ranching Dude silent touse. the fact the that Owing

first the the "Disfour days of For Adults Fore displaced then being weremovies raeli"run, ticket Adults other every bore for Murder Grounds it "talkies"therapidly deemed was by Family Sense Horse identification club's the the mark, further to intoinadvisable go Family City, Imperial The the this records of showed. management

project. Another condition militating Knights in Khaki Family

against the successful carrying forFive Ways in which Pictures Build Let 'Er Buck Family ward of such a plan was the discovGood-will Among Nations: Playboy, The Family

Family Shindig, The the inery that few wards very was 1. newsreel pictures. Through Family Frolics Ski Hi pictures placed under ofmatter motion 2. films. warrealism Through Family Still Alarm, The

the direction of the Community Ac- 3. Through films of interracial Venetian Nights Family

tivity Committees. Scout committees, friendship. Wanderer, The -—Family

bishops, and in many cases specially 4. Through depiction of heroism. Who Killed Rover Family

appointed individuals were responsible 5. Through sympathetic portrayal

for this undertaking, thus making it of peoples.

seem almost intrusive for the M. I. A.

committee to offer help, unasked. Get Somebody Else However, the study of this phase Influence on the BoxOfficc

innecessity of recreation, mustof for me, a job had Lord The the past several the years history heart atterest have group any who I to do, so IN had But much pictures of has been worthwhile Church. the of the welfare ofthe youth else, I get said, somebody "You

discrim- a sad public commentary on till assistance I of benefit get the through."wait and for OrAnd

those who may be concerned, this ination. Many great and worthwhile I don't know how the Lord came out.

Committee will publish occasional lists pictures have failed.with appalling No doubt He got along*

of endorsed pictures, and comments losses. The risque film with the darBut I felt kind o'sneaking'like

of thinking people along this line. ing title and the lurid advertising will I knew I did God wrong.

is theater. the boxoffice pack The taken are this quotations monthThe

the I needed day Lord, One the the barometer which producer by little a Picture,"Motionfrom./'iFhe

right away, Needed Him his productions, guages and that baassociated out put 24 bypamphlet at all never answered But He me definitely influenced be can rometer by the effort to better in ancompanies I could say, hear And Him efforts intelligent active the of andindustry.- in ear: accusing my Down

groups in any community. "Child, I've got much to do,

else, get somebody You is EnclorseHow Effective till I gee through."Or wait PREVIEWED PICTURES ='ment?

following a has the The Lord job for me when pictures have been enNow asked: is sometimes question The,

dorsed public groups: I by to try shirk; never and is endorsement effective"Mow I in have hand what I drop public pictures by motion ofsupport the work, Lord's good do And to is certain answer Thegroups? affairs can along run And my

be indefinite, Itfis like asking, "How Or wait till I get through;

much does advertising pay?"No one Nobody else can do the work

do. the dollar, but everyone God said for me to tocan tell

- Edgar A. Guest. its value. generalknows

..Occasionally figures are obtainable

and; are rather definite. Such is the "Our doubts are traitors and make us

case in a test made recently in, Oaklose the good we oft might win by fearland, California, by the Federation ing to attempt."Shakespeare.

294 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

place and date the bottle was found be

theso done, in Washington, which was DIEIPAIR]TA\ENir eiLIEAN EV81MS reported to the U. S. Geological Survey file there. evidence truth of this is on

since, this also time,. Before and much === Committee the shores pine Oregon on has come up

Grace C. Neslen, Chairman, Rachel G. Taylor, Martha G. Smith, Margaret Newman, of the Hawaiian Islands as driftwood,

Emily C. Adams showing that there is certainly a strong

ocean current from the mainland to these

Islands. Is it then not quite probable

that the second company of Hagoth andOur Project—them started on compiling their genehis followers were caught in this same

"k/fANY Gleaners are ordering the alogiesthey couldit wastracemarveloustheir ancestry.how far backOne currentIslands? and carried down to the Hawaiian

** -*- special cover for their "Treasures brother, Brother Duncan, traced his back generations. over hundred one When It isof in green Truth."gold and Thing at all The Right arrived in they imHawaii company itand the Gleaner gives emblem

the to Laie a mediatelythis where went out Times distinctive is touch. price 20c The going In over temple began is, and work.

classesand or individual genealogies of girls desiring some the Hawaiian seemscivilized there people Brother AMONG across thethem should order came Duncan name of "Hema."promptly. the great desire to to be a know

since familiar to sounded he him, That certain rules governing of conduct Treasure the from Across Sea A recalled in his that having same name times one and During his genealogy. Accordingly he examined a As committee gleanbeen have we the Gleaners the season of and Men it and that appearing found name, same Moccasions.ing the different from pages of Treasetiquette, great so studied sixtyfive Church and generations ago (from 1920).ure books and different have published

It also in, acthe appeared had interest Hawaiian their in a that to answer wastypes incidents of stories, as and a sixtyfive generations count before. Then as questionnaire to they subject whatstimulation to the leader Gleaners and they the looked parents of up and Hema like best study, to of would many field.in the is offering, (just This month's found them one remembered name their for preference expressed them a as by in to theof slightly be now) me different Maori nature than

Since, a continuation the of same. in "Whaetiri"as the and Hawaiianthe foregoing, follows:,

there prehowever, were many who 'Aekiri,"the being the one, word same In the of is reBook there Mormon it ferred a change, slight having decided to sugundergone the was change duelated the story of Hagoth building ships to the separation tribes. of the line gest From study, another of then and sailingand the from to Bountiful Land then as as far the on data back they had to evi- "Etiquette."backthe go Their first Land Northward. The company

these compiled, coincided. genealogies two the voyage,made interest dent the reand of about brought has some them

similar other discoveries were Then made toturned the to Bountiful induce Land a subject, preparation the of book on other by of there party, the members and their ofmore people to north. go More all at Right Times,"Thing "The the slightest not was doubt but what largerand built, ships set were they and is full valready of which their fathers and now had from Hawaii. come Soout the for were Land Northward, but

great the field. the this was of in this joy in uable Hawaiians information Thenever heard again, the from thinkpeople

discovery that royal a reception welcome little the introduction to volumeing they lost the had become way. on At and all banquet arisgiven the was of by spirit expresses rate, the which permeatingany they reached never the Land tocratic Hawaiians were of (most whom itsNorthward. pages, follows: not the of members Church, were but

is outthe Lovely behavior natural all traditions Hawaiian that The say the convinced of connection that had beautiful, a expression hargrowth ofthey and the came from Eastward, pointLand, it been said and that made) was Honolovely character. monious toing and the continent, American that saying lulu elaborate such not had an known

to In beautifully, ordertheir behave one forefathers must drifted those to down display etc., native since of costumes,

cultivate assiduously graces theislands. the first of discovered they had When Liliuokolani, died. Queen

ill spirit, selfishness, striving against religion tem-a their of they of own, knew races, these origThus two which were irritability, per, cultivating generosChrist his and and coming, Chpt. and when inally one, reunited, have and become

ity, love. selfdenial kindness, and These his shores their landed andCook on men their all ancestry proved beyond common

are graces the it that thethey humblest Christ thought to make was coming doubt.

beautiful, the.without fellthem, which hence and they home and and down

proof, old the that Another showing costliest is shell. tramansion an empty him.worshiped Hawaiian Another

traditions Hawaiian are at in fault not is mechanical worth Mere deportment adition part people says the that of saying that their ancestors the came from little. It very culture asailed of smacks the which south, of landed and some on

is continent American the following: One is to speak. on, simply veneered so islands. Suchother

a bottle day the picked was beach up on is easily a cracked, broken. veneer soon the called a plant have they In Hawaii

at Laie. bottle opened The and was desire culture for young our their we The they plant, which make fromTaro to found contain a S. U. note the from is spiritual culture a people must which this In Zealand same "poi."famous New Geological Survey, the giving day, month, control to within. Rightly from come is natives there the bake found,plant but

year, bottle and that the into was thrown requires help speech temper, and conductit it potato. like eat a sweet and do we

it ocean, the off in being the thrown acSpirit. the cannot Divine from plant, this also Tahiti We have andSamoa coast of California. Southern When strength, these in things it complish our own places, the only (than these otherbut

it picked at was six just Laie up was the seek Heavguidance of but must is our is it in place Cenother where found it days the time into from thrown was Father. enly of parttral the Northern America and the water, bottle the better or had made inlearn will those people young Our Bountiful) old (the Land AmericaSouth

the time trip than steamships the making character. graces which They ward make is, as far they scientists can as saywhich

the to islands mainland the from make. etiquette in begins will learn true that plant. this original of thedetermine, home

request this a in that the note There was and the that conduct proper and home, carried people that the are traditionsThe this plant with them wherever they went, courtesy toward father, mother, brothers and have thus transplanted it to the and sisters will be the foundation upon

South Sea Isles. which all their behavior in life will be

In 1920 a party of fourteen natives Calendar for March built. They will learn that true culture

.the to Zealand Hawent from New Mar. 3-—M MenGleaner Actiistheoneintellect,that includesthat elevatesthe heartand asgiveswellselfas there. temple templewaiian work to doThe Maoris had no written language, but vity—Drama. poise and dignity to the whole nature.they used to have their morning prayer Mar. 10-—Discussion—Gleaning. They will learn that religious culture

meeting or "karakia"as they called it. Mar. 17--Ward "Honor Night."is the most important of all, and that to

will laws God's with in harmony their gensing that they time wouldAt Mar. 24-—Discussion—Gleaning. happiness. give highest their them They to generation Over, go fromealogy and

Mar. attitude and will learn 31-—Discussion—Gleaning. live the toward proper taught missionariesgeneration. our When

the people about temple work and had [Continued on page 306]

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 295

her mind upon hearing the word.

scene. see Dutch girl which Then rf Committee ============= can tell picture the the most about $Hhm JUNIOR GIIIRJIS DEPAiqMENT This5. isShowvery amusing.girls a picture, say a Laura P. Nicholson,=Chairman; Agnes S. Knowlton, Julia S. Baxter, Emma Goddard, and what it contains. A piece of

Katie C. Jensen cloth or wall paper with a number of

bright colors may be used in this way.

6. Give two or three girls fictitious names. Introduce them to

class by new name. Ask class to

Believing and Doing Junior Project associate the names with some object, place or person. When each girl

/NNLY a thought, but the work it is this is introduced, in three chapters T"* a good to our way HE text -s wrought * remember a person's name. exare scheduled For "The for March

Promised Land,""Freedom in WorCould never by tongue or pen be ample: a girl's name is Miss Dewey;

taught, into the mind the come thought may ship,"Blessing of and Law.""The

a life through ran But it like a thread of Admiral Dewey. will name The After spent evenings having two

gold, of always be remembered. in considering the of Book Mormon, life the bore fruit a hundredfold. And girls can repeat many the How the referred in to quotations Chapter

blessing bread on the water. and on the should be of ordinary than XVII more tell never can thoughts your what You lack Show the how we of conpower

interest. reads the volsacred one As will do centration during the passing of the

is is it convinced entirely that ume one In bringing hate or love, you sacrament. Discuss.

an American book, its whole theme For thoughts are things, and their It. has been declared by one scientist

bound up in the destinies of this airy wings that the average person has only de- "promised land."It bears overAre swift as a carrier dove. veloped a small part of his mental

whelming testimony to the fact that They follow the law of the universe ability and when one is unusually its create thing Each kind must there brilliant divine direction over to be was registered have he may 20% they track speed o'er the bring to And this people. land test. and in a mental science is eterAs

back, you nally this changing be may merely as the discussion simple Make your out as Whatever went from a passing observation, but wonhow possible. Article of the 10th While derful if we might be developed we

it Faith should be repeated, be may Wheeler Wilcox. mind.—Ella so and on. 50% Do 30—40—or to that part well dwell only which on think you anyone has been mentally

treats the Israel is gathering of of thinketh, and so "As a he."man developed before death? 100% this the establishment will of develop Zion on vigorous minds "We

the discuss continent. to time and Take bodies through right thinking and Helps to Mental Control

it living."in will type; questions bold be

particularly interesting to work out Class leaders will remember that What effect does mental efficiency the suggestions on p. 68. in the October number of the Era have upon poise, character, timidity,

influence, the Junior department a gave sample sense, common opportunibelieve, will XVIII, Chapter we ties, health score treated personal which perseverance, speech, personality?

difficulties. present no group The cleanliness physical perfection. and awakening Upon in the morning the fact should be impressed with interesting reports starts first, been which Many have action the mind or all that the Saints regard Latterday sent in to the General Committee. body? For

sisters; their aspeople brothers and first the will Tuesday in April Discuss some we simple rules which by all are the children objects of and God the development of the we mind mental may obtain control will or his love; to allof favor he shows who consider in all the phases that power: touch would

are willing to serve him. While the the sixteen and seventeen year old

Church to which we belong is the girl. Let us make this period a real 1. By letting the mind register a good

possessing divineonly authority one thought every morning. activity one prethoroughly by being

2. offering his according to plan, By organizedand morning prayer. we Do tests pared interesting with and commerely say the words with unfeelingit all, is free for those and open and petitive games. hearts; fail do to we concentrate? We are to the accept Gospel do notwho simple Some games which may keep our be may thoughts are on what we their in respected views.be are: used saying keeping in by the mind to Being

1. are praying. Give the we whom names of books good particular attention to probthe Pay

3. cultivating a beautiful By mental authors. and After a few momentslems 73. p. on

life of its tasks and while we read the the of names authors and girls pictureare bathing, dressing and making ourprovides Chapter tell opportunity XIX which each books wrote. one selves attractive for the day's or work girls afor discussion frank the on 2. by list three of ten Have of words school.

the blessings the which through come letters either each or on blackboard on full 4. By filling so our minds ofobservance of of Wisdom. slips the Word paper. of Permit girls to study wholesome, leispure thoughts during our

If tactfully and lovingly guided each for two minutes and then taking the ure hours that we have no time to listen group may be made to see clearly the words from their sight ask them to to unclean stories or music.

evils of the use of tobacco and all repeat as many as possible, the one 5. By selecting the best reading maforms of liquor and may be strengthgetting the highest winning an interial, learning early in life the art of

ened in their determination to avoid expensive prize. putting aside the trash offered in magazines and books developing and commonthese things. degroups 3. Some may several Give well quoknown the enlarging the mind education andcide either individually as a group, or tations after gave and them who and reading through best. the only Rememdefiniteto rules living some form of a brief read again, pause asking them is ber is never aione "he accomwho

in If law. accordance such with tell girls any to them. you wrote panied who books."good by

resolutions are formed the General 4. Repeat several common nouns, 6. By thinking well of everyone; then

committee would be glad to have one at a time asking each girl to tell the mouth will never utter the unkind them reported. the very first thought that came into [Continued on page 311]

296 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

body and that he conversed with God,

Va\NGUa\IRJD scouts idieipt. orthat thehe Greatmust goSpirit,back,whoas theretold himwas

to work that for him do and a number = tjuszfiW3,*3== Committee—s*-"of white visit soon. would men him

Dr. George R. Hill, Jr., and Charley R. Mabey, Chairmen; Nicholas G. Smith, German E. The arrival of Brigham Young and

Ellsworth, LeRoi C. Snow, Ernest P. Horsley his colony seemed to fulfill this prediction.

In the fall of 1849 Apostle Parley

P. Pratt and Elders Dan Jones and

Historic Characters Dimicker's camp,B. Huntingtonat his request.visitedAtWalkthat

time of tribe the many sick were and in suggestions our visited were"COLLOWING Latterday Saint misby the elders laid hands upon them and *- the issue give February names sionaries, we settle- a were making who they were healed. afFor time some historic characters of Indian with called ment Fort Supply, near Fort ter this he staunchly refused lead to lives. theirshort sketches of Bridger. of The Book was Mormon attacks against settlers. the he But chief a Sowiette, the over presented to Timpathe chief and, while many a fiery was a of warlike man and nogos, the the Uintahs and Sandof his followers rejected the book, nature like and, his of white many pitches, a lover peace a of was and Washakie was impressed and much brethren, he did not always choosegreat friend President of Young's. As the reproved chiefs other their for the better path. It his boast was early as Chief brought 1849 Walker hasty after judgment. that Ever he that he never had shed the of blood a his the superior message to from the firm friend was the of Saints and a white the man, but Walker Warauthorities that asking the visited "Mormons"President times Young many in and 1853 caused the 1854 of death visit his people. year following in Salt The City. Lake realized that He at least settlers nineteen in Southern it reported that Sowiette was the would invasion the of whites of must In Utah. 1854 peace Walker made fight, asnot he heeding advice the was necessity change the of living mode with President in and he Young 1855 his friendof white another within and the of Indians idea the and welcomed died. in was held He high esteem 9th, twelve months, June 1851, on reservations of his for people where tribe, his by buried which with him in three other Indian with company they receive could assistance in learning honors. ceremony included the The Arapene to cultivate soil. and the Unhochiefs,—Walker, killing of isquaws, two Piede two visited the President. A died Washakie the resIndian onquitch—he children fifteen and horses.

is sidelightpeculiar his character of at ervation Fort Washakie, Wyoming, is There no doubt that Walker in refusal his receive to presentsshown and buried was with military honors it his in had to power do much harmfrom the Indian Armstrong, Major officers the by the post. of to the settlers early that and used heagent, his because said he of some that Joseph largely Walker benefit. power for their a (Wahker), Pahstealing were cornyoung from men

chief, vant brother, Indian His Arapene, at near succeeded was born or him cribs, the white afraid man's he was as chief Spanish the tribe. of Fork about 1.808. he Whenthey cause trouble might he and would was about Kanosh, years chief a age of the 20 of Pahvants, portion sacrifice giftsrather the the than run of his tribe gave joined trouble some the to the Shoshones. in Saints risk a disturbance. of

father early His the a settlement and others of of number Southern Utah, great s Sowiette'had So power refused in to this but as do he a result 1854 and peace made with that in chiefgrown he 1867 was Walker's father them shot. that and from was time forward Walker was reIndiansover so and 4000 much his friendly and brother lent retaliated and considerable Arapene in aid andspected chief that a sign no would shot four the defending of against them Shoshones and marauding Walktreaty he, until "their father,"had er bands. took charge the of tribe as a became their the He of membersigned.,

chief. acknowledged Church and 11, on 1875, was May the In spring of Walker, 1850, ordained elder. an Sally, married He About years before arrival two thethe the of nation, head conceived Ute

girl an Indian rescued had been who of the Saints in valley the the ofthe fifty idea of the massacring or a from of band Indians were Great who Salt Lake, Walker, very being living whites atmore Fort Utah kill to about her and living then was sick, claimed his that spirit left his. Sowiette said (Provo) objected and in the family of President Young. to Walker, you and your "When after her Soon marriage killed she was get in find there will you andmen me first the by wife jealous of was who the helping 'Mormons'!"menmy her. Sally also a faithful was WILDPAUL P,ROFESSOR memchief Washakie, the of Shoshone painted picture the HABER, who ber the of Church in and buried wastribe Indians of years, for 60 was presented is on page 289, eminent an her temple robes the authorities by

atitist, early as aboutborn 1804. Swiss As 1840 has and produced of the at Church Kanosh, Millard murals of spirithe the unusual the his for was of acknowledged head

site County. the of of The town walls churches, of theatres, libraries,tribe. large a In appearance he was Kanosh part was the of on camping other and public in buildings wideis of presence commandingman and of ground tribe.; his Kanosh and ly separated Kaparts of the as world,said to resembled have somewhat

in died Paris, nosh 4th, Dec. France; at 1881, GerKanosh, Munich,Washington. Cairo, many; Bucarest, Egypt; at which that time the part of was

Washakie first appears in the hisRoumania; in San Marino, Italy; Pahute Indian reservation.

intory the various places and of white in the United he and man when short These biographies are merely

States. the In Library in DetroitChief (Walker) beWahker appeared suggestive. literally: are scores There he has the portrayed great Indianfore President asked the and Young others. of careers those of The named chief, Pontiac. Recently he comlatter to adjudicate a dispute between center in Utah, Idaho, but Wyoming, historical an mural, 40x60them. tribe In Washakie's 1856 Arizona, is pletedfeet, and Mexico for the L. New S. in Nevada, D. Chapel

said to have warriors, numbered 3000 all the states in other Baldwin Park, California. the which Lateach of whom possessed at least one He was a friend of Queen Carter-day Saints live are replete with

pony, a gun and a quantity of ammen Sylva of Roumania, patron of similar examples. It is our hope that

munition, besides a knife. They made art, and he completed mural paintthe Scouts and Vanguards will; fasten

their headquarters on the Green River these to ings for the palace of the late King on their fine and charmake

Carl.in what County, Fremont is now acters live in again appropriate monuWyoming. There he and his people ments.

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 297

practiced BeeHive songs for an hour.

Each ward to was asked give a stunt, game or anything they wished, to BEEHIVE Glials DEPARTMENT

Committee tertain the others. They came preen-

pared with a dramatization, solo,

Sarah R. Cannon, Chairman; Catherine Folsom, Vida F. Clawson, Glenn J. Beeley, Marie C. chorus, ukulele duet, folk dance and

Thomas, Elsie T. Brandley games. After the program we served

sandwiches, punch and candy. Then

we danced half an hour before dismissing.

they were to the all scrambling do Calendar for March The yeararound program is as foldishes afterwards. It is part of Beelows:

Builders in the Hive Hive work to put beauty and enthusiasm into the ordinary! 1. Song practice and social.

to In order for the have a banquet 2. Demonstration March 3—Guide 22—Mending. of handwork. (Foundation Cell No. the girls daughters, 4). mothers deand 3. Lecture on physical March 10—Guide 23—Understand cided to make the bread, also the beauty. hygiene and

Beauty. 4. Dance. Each girl to invite a March 1 7—Guide 24—Beauty in twodinnerkindsso as ofto cake,have aandhealthfulto planmenu.the partner.

the set on a pretty, 5. Lecture—Gardening and FlowMarch silverware must ers. Home.24—Guide 25—Open for Awellbanquetset table,mustand bethe

your Planning. be cleaned, and polished; it must be 6. Drama and program to finance March 31—Guide 26—Beauty of served correctly, and taken from the summer work.

Person. right side. Each girl introduced her 7. Contest and demonstration of

mother to the other guests and led handwork and scrapbooks.

Gatherers of Honey her to her place. There must be 8. Swarm Day.

entertainment, so the girls prehad 9. Trip to Logan Temple.

a playlet acted they which March 3—Guide 22—Service Cells. pared 10. Outing. March 10—Guide 23—Nature's out. The pretty songs that they

Phenomena. sang as duets, trios and choruses had

March girls. these been written by 17-—Guide 24—Open for all Last BeeHive Institutes

planning.your of all, to close a girl must know how March 24—Guide 25—Reading. such a gathering as this with prayer; TOURING the season of 193031 March 31—Guide 26—Feel Joy. suitable prayers were written for three -L/ there has been a sincere effort put

occasions and one selected for this. forth to render as much assistance as

regular for the season program possibleHP HE Liberty stake Keepers to ward and Stake Bee workers were very -*- is a fast drawing toward the BeeHive. this effort delighted Realizing fact the with close, much and in

and the months of April and May are its "results, as 'it was an pcdaaion that BeeHive work is of such a naplanned in a different Way. The to be cherished in the memories of ture as to require constant attention

Era for January and February conthose girls. and diversified ability on the part

tain suggestions and outlines concernEvelyn Wood, of leaders, the General Board has sent ing the AprilMay program in all Liberty Stake. representatives to various localities,

departments, and it is supposed that following up the fall conventions, to the entire association will gather give extra of sughelp in the form toCalifornia Mission gether to enjoy the furprograms gestions, demonstrations consuland nished for departments by other tations. College, At Dixie Brigham PresiJESSIE BURNHAM, the MISSlast halfhour. guides There are two University, Burley and Rexof the dent of Young Y. L. M. I. A.

for each rank in the BeeHive to be the California Mission, makes the folburg Leadership Weeks the BeeHive completed after the first of April and lowing interesting report: has come in for its share of attention,

in addition several evenings, the first "An investigator in northern Caland excellent reports have been reperiod of which can be devoted to ifornia is organizing a BeeHive class ceived from those in attendance at the checking and cellfilling. April and of nonmember girls. They live in various places. In Salt Lake City,

May are months in which there is rather a rough town and she has befor the accommodation of the eleven much extra work to be done, with come interested in the Gospel through stakes surrounding, an institute is bethe end of the season so near, but the missionaries and liked our ideals so ing held from January 21 to April 1 the additional effort required is more well that she expressed herself anxious for BeeKeepers, and the results have than repaid in the satisfaction of feelto pass them on to some of the girls been most gratifying. Meeting at 7

ing the year's work well finished, with she knew, as they were not having p. m. each Wednesday, it was planned

no loose ends left flying. the training she felt they needed. I am to devote part of the time to Red

very interested in this little class. It Cross instruction in First Aid, under

Liberty Stake has just been started and I am anxious the direction of official instructors, to know how it is going to work and by courtesy of the Deseret Gym- "C ACH girl in the Thirtythird out. It is qu!ite unique I think, nasium, and the last period to hand-

-*--'ward of Liberty Stake has fortyhaving a nonmember BeeKeeper as craft, under the direction of Glenn J.

three more cells than she had a month well as BeeHive girls."Beeley and associated members of the

ago. Sister Lund, the teacher, has an BeeHive Committee. In answer to

ingenious imaginaand a ready mind Pocatello Stake theinstitute,noticesomesent 150out BeeKeepersconcerning theregirls to stimulatestion, which her achievements of the unusual kind. C LLA HOWELL, Stake BeeKeeper, sponded, which was so large a number

One projecct took considerable work, *--'writes as follows: that it became necessary to divide

classes the conduct the group and two girls 7th.but was for the more fun held first event much Nov. our We

It that of is hoped much theythan ever expected. success. had It one separately. a big Here had was we We

girls eager to set the table and to hundred girls and their BeeKeepers the material used in this institute can know how to do it correctly, also present, with four wards excused. We [Continued on page 307]

298 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Expatriation

bade reluctantly drive she of the choice, I would be the lucky dog.''X 11/ 1/ II 1% 9 [Continued from page 267] until the following goodbye him

day.

This year will bring sub- 1 HE girl's defenses "And haven't you anything stantial returns to the farmcrumbled before Dick's resolute atmore encouraging for me than a er who will give thought to tack. At most she had no more simple goodnight?"he asked blood a sixteenth of foreign than wistfully. the planning of his year's he mixture, in her veins. That The girl hesitated, on the point

work. assured her, had made of her the of yielding. It was unfair to keep

it ever perfect was most woman she not suspense, could in but him reduced costs Operating be must Herself meet. to privilege his that yes, the thought say though

laborsaving, costreducing through as far as huany perfectly white love again never he make might increased iequipment, and farm useless it tell, could being was face. man to easy to not her was

acre. per production did as she to always when worry, Dick more now, "Nothing

We will gladly acquaint you the subject came up, about her offdear,"the last word inaudible.

with full details regarding the laspring whose colored blood would 'Then goodbye for today.

test improved equipment and combe reduced to a thirtysecond part. Should you at any time need asmercial fertilizers. She need never return to the States, sistance, remember to hang a white

or at least not to her former home. sheet from your porch, see, I have

Write or call on any of our If she would not be moved by the nails already driven, and I'll 40 Branches in Utah, Idaho her own sufferings she should conbe with you in ten minutes."

her porch easy chair on race cutter Dick's and Wyoming. siderloved theher. suffering of those who NellFromwatchedan

"Run up the white flag, my through the water to the gunboat. Consolidated Wagon & girl,"Dick urged. "The ship is The little open cottage was quiet

Machine Co. sinking; don't go down with it."and restful after the sea voyage

Nell could not withstand the and the subsequent ride about the Utah Idaho Wyoming assault. But, though utterly deisland. Long she sat resting and

feated, she would not capitulate. dreaming of Nate, of Jessie, but

either. of than From of Dick more weapleaded she Dick,""Oh, to she endeavored to time time in for you rily, match no "I'm into chanother her thoughts turnWINNING NEW in not perhaps argument,

as nels, of were thoughts but him still ready not I'm will but Users Every power, Day skillful resistless himself was. as he What request. as As you to you do her? and of of him to become was Jessie and will marry say, Nate his to finally she succumb reconciled, but Would to feel try I shall

Heretofore insistent pleadings? love him. ceased to not I have We almost something been had again, and never meet shall my there to the idea, but in terrifying now harm."of us neither love can do

it feeling a surprise her induced "But my dear girl, answer this: akin to sweetness. A stormbat-

If you'll forget for a moment your tered schooner which recently had birth, and it should be forgotten come to safe and peaceful anchorforever, aren't you beginning to age in the Apia harbor arose before love me just a little?"her mind. Had she reached port?

The question elicited no imNell wondered what was changmediate answer. When it was ing her standards. Was it close

tenderly repeated, she said: association with colored races? Or

"One of the troubles is, Dick, was the weakening due to the fact that I can't forget even for a mothat Nate, hitherto a source of ment. The thing to do is for you great moral strength, had been

to forget."taken out of her life? Would it not

"I can make you forget more be wiser again to flee from temptaeasily than I can make myself."tion? She remembered an expres-

"I am exhausted and must not sion of her adopted father's, rehear anything more on this subpeated often as she grew up, "My ject, at least not today."daughter, it is much easier to avoid

The last words of the sentence temptation than to overcome it."

kindled a new light in the lieuThe mail was due to leave NuGERM PROCESSED versatilitytenant's eyes.by Hetalkingmanifestedof otherhis Nellkualofacomposedthe nexta longmorning,letter to Jesand

PARAFFIN BASE things and doing it most effecsie in which she laid bare her tively. So delightfully companionheart, as the two girls until reable was he that at the conclusion cently had always done.MOTOR OIL

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 299

UlCK is so forceful,"as "OfI oncecourseloved I Nate,don'tbutloveperhapsDick SUCCESSFULa part of the letter ran, "that tothat is because my trials have day he almost swept me off my sobered me and killed much of the feet; and at this moment I am romance in my nature. You sugmore perplexed than at any pregested there was something of the

vious period of my life. Of course kind in Nate. However, I do

more difficult tasks have confronted think more of him than I thought me, but then it was easier to deit possible ever to think of a man cide what was right. again and it would wound me

"I can see you asking yourself, cruelly to see him suffer as he 'Why should she consider Dick's surely will do if he is rejected.

proposal after refusing to marry "Jessie, what shall I do? Oh,

Nate?'Perhaps I can't explain the if you were only here to advise

difference even to my own satisme, but the matter must be defaction and much less to yours, cided long before this can posbut in my mind there is a great sibly come into your hands.

one. First of all I could never "It would break my heart to

go into a family where I was not grieve Father and Mother, and afwanted. Dick's parents are dead, ter all the impressive lessons they MISS CATHERN PREBBLE

so that question is not a disturbing have given me on the importance one. Dick assures me they loved of devotion to principle, I fear Miss Prebble had had no preme so intensely as a child that they they will be sadly disappointed if vious commercial training, prior to

would be delighted to have me as I give up now. enrolling (with Henager's Business

College. proved This, however,a daughterin-law. Nate Then the Jessie, "But, board on finished handicap. her no She all himself has been taught

a here, en route his steamer I saw Secretarial Course one unmonth life inof the importance marrying curlyheaded her cuddling mother der schedule the placed and was by to a I think good family. you

little breast. His to her boy a in big school paid that position will occasion one remember when

face, into blue her eyes looked up start. to per $85.00 month Everett Redfield Judge andMr.

I as smiled he dreamed have anddiscussed this subject at in classes are presso our arranged The ever since that girlhood own myence that Henager's Business College and they pronounced how do. Pertime baby some would their in opinions.were students enroll at Despite any new may

it's to selfish even or wicked all haps this, as as never, just however, time will progress rapidly you and life feel face this but to with way,

I their application near ability giving will to cameknow and how fulfillment of a of no prospect my the in struggle permit.up are Students placed marrying Nate and

I than today seems more dreams in as as qualified. positions Honolulu. good Perhaps soon I should

have yielded to his pleading, had can bear."Call, write, or 'phone for informait not been for the fact that when tion to Henager's Business College,

I mentioned children whose blood 45 E. Broadway, Salt Lake City.

was not pure and who called him Jl OR a long time after Visitors welcome at any time and father., he gave an involuntary finishing the letter, Nell sat lookinquiries cheerfully answered.

shudder, ever so slight but unmising over the harbor in the gathertakable. I do not blame him for

it. The same thing would have

happened to me had our positions THE NEW ALLSTEEL been reversed, but if that had occurred after we were married andhad children it would have killed MISKIN SCRAPER me. "Dick, on the other hand, EASY doesn't in view things the same TO FOR learn, all I can hislight. From

HANDLE HORSESpeople were as reputable in every particular as the Everetts, but they EASY OR were not born aristocrats. His TO TRACTOR

father must have been a sturdy, PULL honest man who left a splendid name on these islands, and his

WEEDS UP GROW ALL AROUND SCRAPERS OTHER is as reveredmother angel. an But

IS MISKIN THE WHERE KNOWN is sincere inDick thinking I magyour farm now. BETTER NO INVESTMENT POSSIBLY CAN BE MADE

is it well as that THIS TIME, LevelAT known a leveled to farm is cheaper operate,nify this defect in birth. By my less requires to water irrigate less labor to and time produce and an even distribution

constantly of crops reminding and a that much greater me my with a Miskin Scraper. WRITEyield.FORTheCIRCULARefficient andANDeconomicalPRICES.way to do this is will be reducedcorrupted blood

to a thirtysecond part in my offManufactured only by spring, he has almost convincedme that I am making too much MISKIN SCRAPERUCON, IDAHO WORKS of a trifle.

300 TheImprovement Era for March, 1931

ing darkness and wondered whethevident the young officer was in a er she dare mail it. hopeful mood. After the woman

Interior Her reverie was abruptly terhad left the room, Nell commented

Decorating minated by the entrance of her on his joyousness.

soul, evimade you very happy, Dick."Painting—Paperhanging j newcomernative hostess,was Mrs.a kindlyBrooke. The "Your promotion seems to have

For references see Jefferson Ward, dently partly white, and with an "That's so; I have been proNinth Ward, Hawthorne Ward, Nineexcellent knowledge of English, moted, but this is the first time

teenth Ward, West Jordan Ward, i which she used volubly. I've thought of it today. I've

Fourth Ward, 12th13th Ward. "I suppose you would rather been thinking of something very

Ketterer & Perschon have your meals served on the much more interesting. Are you

table floor,"sailor's she reacquainted than lore?"on the with Company as she preparations marked extent."limited made a very "Only to Street, 657 Washington

for the evening repast. "Some ignorant people call it Salt Lake City, Utah

reply, affirmative Receiving an that. I resent but superstition,

Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3756 she father continued; "My last night two meteors I saw was Well,

white, so was my husband and going in different directions. You

I'm used to white folks'ways. will admit of course that means

That's why I brought this furni- I am to have good luck today.

even beat can't two meteors, else. nothing Salt Lake Costume ture"Nukualofafrom my homeisn't inyourVauvau."home Youif there was Company then?"there was. Couldn't sleep Butfor

Dealers in "I was born not a mile away thinking of you but finally did

MASQUERADE COSTUMES lived until here and married. to be I was dreamed we were doze and Play Books, Operettas, Operas, Tou- a little after back while ago Came was bloweast wind pees, married. Carnival Masks, Goods An

died. husband TUXEDOS, a sure I'm almost EVENING suitmy too, makes that GOWNS ing, which

for able formal occasions as Junior sorry I did, for all the up daylight now nearly I went sign. Before Proms, Weddings, Parties. Dinner

I people strangers, stairs meet are will like the and our wardrobe You and servstumbled on deck and I on ice. used to everybody."that indicating top, know the The near when will asOur MakeUp be of much lonely place. continued talk to take woman will soon effect. for sistance marriage best the the

JOHN HANSEN, Pres. and Mgr. until the weary visitor, who had "Toward morning I managed

Call or Send for Catalog slept but little the night before to drop off to sleep again and this 33 West Broadway Phone Was. 999 concluded her hostess must be time dreamed of an anchor, the

Salt Lake City, Utah closely related to Tennyson's best kind of an omen. All these

brook which went on forever. things were surely enough to satisfy any reasonable man that a lot

of good luck was coming to him,

Islanders Sea sailors OOUTH of this a crowd morning but EARhTACS hurry, to and Write boats the of one out in were who our in plactime forNewexceptionalSALASCOofferClincher.to introduce areMrs.neverBrookeknown took her its tail off porpoise, a cut caught LEVERAGE LEVERAGE ing breakfast upon the table on tied it to return upon their the and clincher has other its POWER No following morning. than More you'll even the masthead. Now, of operation. and EASE

once her eyes lingered enquiringly have to agree with me that there's upon the guest, and while the latter no way of beating such a combina was eating the woman stared at tion. -

her almost rudely. "But, Dick, doesn't Shakespeare

"You remind me of someone, refer somewhere to the porpoise

Miss Redfield,"she said apologetas an omen of ill?"

r | V7 WestSALTBroadwavLAKESaltSTAMPLake City.CO.Utah ically,ance onnotingthe other'sthe lookface,of annoy-"but I on "DoesShakespeare,he? I'mbutnotyoumuchsurelyup

Send tor Fre Sampies can't quite remember who it is or won't claim that he knew as much was, for it must have been a long about porpoises as a sailor does."

time ago. Were you ever in NuNell knew he was wacthing her

The Utah High kualofa"No; before?"I was born in Samoa but raillery.closely to note the effect of his

School of Beauty left there as a small child, and this "Being more expert with boats is first visit the of to any my horses,"on, he than with went Culture ever islands. you Were Tongan ride in for a you'd "I wish go Clift Salt Bldg., 331 Lake in Samoa?"a cutter today. the We'll have a profession that Learn would make General Remembering that better propeller rest can of independent for the more and you make

your life. Write for catalog. Howcroft had seen, or imagined he headway."

Miss did, a resemblance between Mail this Coupon. girl "Under those circumstances perthe Redfield and Nelly Alder,

I decline. should made You dihaps to give another anxious was Name yesterrather too headway much rection thoughts. Brooke's to Mrs. Address afraid."day, I'm

CityWe can provide room and board to The young fellow looked at her students out of town. Di'ICK'S arrival intereagerly. "You mean that I did

*m <m-'w *m > *-< rupted the conversation. It was succeed a little in making you re-

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 301

consider your foolish decision?"You'll be ready about four?"As

"I mean nothing, except that I she indicated a willingness, he shall be glad to have the ride, but added, "And no holds barred?"

on condition that you talk of your She laughed gaily and left him travels, your parents, your fights without answer.

and such subjects."FREE "And my hopes? Surely you'll not bar them."TOWARD the middle TO GARDEN

"No; you mustn't talk of them of the afternoon Mrs. Brooke came this morning."to where Nell was dreaming on LOVERS

"All right, I agree, but with the porch, nearer complete happiOur New 1931 Seed and the understanding that you go ness than she had been for many Nursery Book or months. this afternoon againwith me

the below mail coupon and barred."holdsevening no and book. this valuable of "I'm going to call on some Simplyreceive your copy

friends, Redfield. illustrated It fully 100 contains Miss pages Would does that mean?""What necessary of the vital just information you like to walk with me?"expression used mostfor success in Garden, and Orchard "Only an

Farm. "I think today, not you. thank Ily mean by wrestlers. What tells to plant, how, and when what

are I places there But want in plan with a puts touch you you andIt talk about you'll is that let me living a to outdoor your room make to sometime. father show me My I please."anything real spot. beauty

a friend his and of an owned This Book FREE I'll inviaccept your not "No,

I orange here, plantation and I terms, tation but such any on Below Mail Coupon Now—See it. like see to If would were you like, if this will morning, you go

in twentyfive Nukualofa about we'll conditions the named, andon years ago, did to you Co. PorterWalton happen know ride."laterdecide an evening about SPECIALISTS SEED NURSERY AND Z. John Terry?"

"John Z. Terry? Why I should PORTERWALTON CO.,

Salt Utah. Lake say I did."a startled exThen the the to way Please without send cost your new City,me On pression over the came woman's office, 1931 Nursery Seed Book. and post the toboat they came

and the letter to Jessie was mailed. face as she scanned the other's feaName

tures. girl, fearing the that ( The small the excursion among The Street humiliating resemblance been had detheislands harbor dotting was City detected, could not searchmeet the sure could belightful. not One gaze. ing State colors gorgeous the mostwhere

were, on the water or the fish "I remember now!"Mrs.

shrilly triumphant. Brooke was tints the early of thetherein or |.

like Nelly "You look Alder who H ||<—H—istropical green sunmorning on

lands. One of these, lowlying married John Terry. Are you rein the distance, looked like a man lated to her?"

of war, the stately cocoanut trees The girl shuddered convulsively.

forming the masts. In a scenic Was the resemblance to her mother

little cove, Dick landed and reso marked that a total stranger turned in a few moments loaded could detect it? And this was the

with bananas, cocoanuts, oranges second time! In both instances

and guavas. The young chap was where she had talked with old

on his best behavior, and at the residents of the islands about Mr.

conclusion of the ride his comand Mrs. Terry, the result was

panion was in readiness to accept the same.

a later invitation and to place no restrictions upon it. EVADING the woShe was more nearly her natural man's question, Nell walked out

self than at any time since leaving of the house and down the long the States. Never had Dick seen pier leading to the landing place. KATHERYN YERGENSEN, Mgr.

her so and gay. Superintendents'young As they and still at the wharf was Tofua The Best Friend theparted Nell whether wondered taking oranges, cargo of and Teachers'on a

trip was as enjoyable as it might the temptation came strongly over SUPERINTENDENTS permitted been if shehave had to her Fiji it to continue with and toher speak of the companion I BOARD.. MEMBERS! sure Zealand. were There New

things which were nearest his to be other people in this place TEACHERS heart. a trace Actually there was her mother, and her knew who

thatof disappointment he had feelings constantly be I We Are At Your Service would been so implicitly obedient. wounded by reference to the deYergensen Teachers'"You'll go again this aftertestable resemblance. Learning

noon?"he asked. "I have to enthat the Tofua would not leave Agency

tertain some of these native offibefore morning she decided to 607-8 Deseret Bank Building cials until three. It's great fun, make no definite plan until later. Salt Lake City, Utah

and I wish you could be with us. It was a vastly different Nell f Office Phone Was. 4229

Their ceremonious compliments who met Dick at the appointed f Home Phone Hy. 7920

are as thick as oaths on shipboard. hour. The brief conversation with '8 - M!—ll - i—|#

302 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Mrs. Brooke had taken all the where you were born, for you

sweetness out of life. Again it were born less than ten minutes'

her conshe wondered and how The girl looked dazedly at the As March had become colorless and dreary, walk from here, not in Samoa."forgotten could dition have been other.

the for a even moment. That said. are she mistaken,""You

could shine gloom amid such Rides Down sun buried father are mother and "My it attracted the their graves often. And I was. the Galeherwas mothersurprising.that She was so like side by side in Samoa. I have seen

notice of all who knew them both. born in that land. At least I have

And to be thinking even vaguely always understood so, though now love of and marriage! I it, I don't that think of know Use afternoon ride was not a The idea from."that came where

cheerful one. She made no effort "If you are Nelly Alder's

to hide from Dick the cause of daughter, and there can't possibly KNIGHT her mental distress, and his atbe a mistake about that, you were

Spring uraltemptslikenessto showmadehernotthatthethisslightnat- bornto carehere,forandyou.I wasNellythe firstandoneI

ly unsuccessful. visited Tonga with her father. Canyon est difference in the case were wholoften played together when sheMrs. Brooke was bustling about Then for a long time she was in

ride. It was after that she met John Terry; I and thethe stepshouse afteras herthe guest came up England at school. On her first visit

evident from the woman's manner introduced them to each other.

Royal thatnoon thewas revelationon her mind.of the afterTheymarried.fell I inhelpedlove herandtosoonget readywere

"You didn't answer the quesfor the wedding; was with her

I asked tion this morning. a few and baby came, the Are when

related to Nelly Alder?"Coals you burial."dressed her for days later

As March rides down the gale "But I don't understand,"said bringing clear cold nights and N)ELL had been in the bewildered girl. "My parents

sudden chilling showers, assure doubt as to how this question, if were acquainted for a long time your comfort with Knight repeated, should be answered. Now in Fiji."

Spring Canyon and Royal before stood her and the woman in Fiji never Alder was "Nelly coals. it directly. could put There be in For her life. some unknown

The firm, straightgrain of no evasion. reason her father would not permit

Knight Spring Canyon, as it "Was she kin of yours?"Mrs. her to go there."

comes from Utah's deepest coal Brooke asked.

seam, burns long and clean and "She was my mother,"the girl little requires attention. very impulsively. answered clinging, girl was 1 HE starts quickly Coal and Royal distress attributed Her was to to excitedly the woman. little or soot. ash burns with different entirely cause. an The everything you "Tell know me bring coals These two Utah surprised tenattendant Nell took

it! Tell parents. Tell satisfaction. about Call comfort and my in derly her arms, the then held

it dealer today. your Terry quickly! was John my

girl her. before

father, Alder Nelly my mother, "You Nelly Alder's daughter! in Saburied are both they and

that possible? can be Why, how moa."

I face it into look Yet your when "Nelly Alder is buried here. I P is the easiest thing in the world

to believe. You're a beautiful can easily show you her grave.

image of her, child."Surely you can't be Elinor's

She continued to caress the child!"

weeping girl. With brain awhirl and con-

"I can understand your feelings. sciousness fast leaving her, the

If you are as tenderhearted and startled girl staggered to a chair.

sensitive as your mother was, it "Hang a white sheet on the

Royal Coal is very hard for you to come to front porch quickly! I'm going to

/fofnt/eah the place where she is buried and faint."

to Get a New Idea Enforced KNIGHT FUEL CO. A Long Time

ROYAL COAL CO. ITtraffictook enactedwell nighinto100lawyearsbut onof agitationthe last dayto ofget 1807,the prohibitionthe slave oftrafficthe endedslave

L. E. Adams, General Sales Agent legally in the United States. In 1810, however, President Monroe in his mes818 Newhouse Building sage speaks of the illicit traffic which has grown up and calls for stricter laws

Salt Lake City, Utah making for better enforcement against the illicit traffic of slaves. In the thirties

we read that over 200,000 slaves annually were smuggled across the Atlantic ocean.

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 303

As a Native East Indian Views the Situation MLgSPtHasIts [Continued page from 263] Rewards w interested are Ifyou is to laws enormous.itary training. Obedience They have brought develop ability to speak the—to

everyday or in a tremendous transformation of taxes were to be aboutand payment twice ahead doing, of the Indian read thoughtlife in "the effectivelyconversation—toas fast as youin publicarerefused. forgenow manufactures English

were to be boycotted. To supply people and have let loose moral nowHow sentto Workfree.Wonders With Words

recently booklet, pubThis newthe needs of the Indian people, and spiritual forces that are changlished, points that thouthe road increase followed to nave and sands rehabiliof Hindustan industries ing the faceIndian must be quickly earning their power and and culturthe politicaltated encouraged. a pomodifying and popularity. Thus

explains also It by you a East thelitical and al relations between independence economic beand method,can, howstudy easy new, home #- fright; conquer speaker an and vast that realized West. India cometimidity fear. will be to stageprove thiswould would and booklet be read outstandingand To

wellspent. evening an a in free of clutches this valuablebe freed the address Simply and from and send name Yesterdaysociety—was theocean—Indian obligation. once. booklet at besent No inertia, substate and imperialistic of ignobleBritish All tyranny. INSTITUTE AMERICAN NORTHwill

111. l>ept. Chicago, 418d Ave., 3601 foreign Micnigan in acquiescedthis missively to be accomplished by was

peaceful means, by the silent revodomination as the law of nature lution of passive resistance, or as and the will of divine Providence.

Gandhi called it, by returning good Today it is agitated by ambitious for evil. Once this spiritual prin: national aspirations and emphaticiple was given up, once the Indian cally refuses to be controlled by

people deviated from the path of its English rulers. A tide of na20 Years of

the over tionalism is sweeping deed, andnonviolence in word InImprovement cry for paIt dian continent, and a be lost. wasthe cause would

by selfdiscipline, inflexible resotriotism, freedom, no more alien produced this lution, firm determination, and exploitation and emancipation city treand jungle. against echo throughunflinching courage Indian GREAT heaviest thousand than sixty Moremendous difficulties and

odds that India could march tripatriots have voluntarily courted EUREKA umphant to her goal and fulfill hardships and at present are unher cherished ambitions. dergoing terms of imprisonment in

Hand in hand with the political British jails. All kinds of repres- $56.50 to sion been resorted by the have independence economicand must Attachments is effort Indian government and no the socialproceed regeneration of

India and the purification of her spared to stifle the movement for FREE social customs and institutions. national freedom. Indian National For Limited Time

The sixty million untouchables Congress has been declared an undistrict lawful along with body are the elementary deniedwho Standard, the Eureka In congress meetings have committees accorded rights to be werehuman "HighVacuum"the famous dispersed; prohibited been and; all facilities education and naof

tional rights and were to be treated speakers and writers have been arprinciple of cleaning has been on a plane of perfect equality with rested and imprisoned; *but Ithe brought to its highest point

progresses unchecked. movement classes. Indian the upper The superrefinement. This of

India is in a state of nonviolent live their of masses in a world who asnot only Eureka powered revolt. for Indian movement The superstiin numerous sunkown,

tious practices, were to be reclaimed freedom has taken deep root and sures superior cleaning of and educated in modern ways. The has gone out of the control of rugs and floor coverings, but

Indian women who labor under the Indian government. It can also has many new and amazit repressed, cannot be supbut vicbe disabilities serious are the and ing uses you never believed, pressed. feature pleasing most The social heredity, ignorant tims of

customs and primitive superstitions of the movement is the active sup- a vacuum cleaner could have it is getting sanitizing, from polishing, the women, equal port freed given and were to be—floor

take civil disobedience part in who Lastly, the privileges for a men. with Ask moth control.

picket shops. all liquor and drink were to abstain from Indians demonstration—no obligawere drugs and and intoxicating civil mass The disobedience tion.

to part with all their filthy and movement under the leadership of unsocial habits. Mahatma Gandhi is telling powerEasy Terms—Small

fully on the morale of the Indian Carrying Charge

HTHIS is the program by which government and is drowning its -*- Mahatma Gandhi has stirred prestige in the minds of the Indian Light Co. Utah Power & generation her ago British to very depths India and has people. A

its stores or any of prestige in stranglehold India British and loosened was immense the or the people EnglishIndian people. Gandhi looked upon on the

with genuine his followers have been workawe and men and subEureka Vacuum177 E. BroadwayCleaner Co.

ing on it for the last ten years and missively acquiesced in their paraSalt Lake City the success they have accomplished mount authority and despotic rule. Phone Was. 4764

304 The Improvement Era for March, 1931 ***--*- -- -- -- * But all is now changed. British government salt monopoly has deimperial prestige has gone by the stroyed the indigenous saltmanu-

Distinctive boardas satanicand Britishand asrulethe isproductdenouncedof placesfacturingandindustryall inlandfromregionsall seasidewhere commercial greed and economic there are saline deposits and salt exploitation. It is no longer mines. No Indian can extract salt

feared, but is bitterly assailed as from the earth and no native corforeign and is hated by all classes poration is allowed to engage in of the Indian people. The very manufacturing salt. The governTYPE basis of the British government in ment alone claims that right and

India is being wholly undermined fixes its own price. It derives

and a universal boycott of everymore than seventy million rupees FACES thing British as launched by the (a rupee is.worth approximately

Indian National Congress is hasthirty-six cents) from the salt

Correct in Style for tening its final dissolution. Almonopoly every year in the form

ready the Indian government is of taxation, and this falls heaviest faced with a huge deficit and is on the poorer classes.

in financial straits. Indian The vast majority of Indians The peasants, constitute who eighty per Society

are extract poor their sustenand cent of the Indian people, refuse soil. ance the their from and They to their pay land taxes; local Inand cattle salt in vast need quantities in officials dian helped their who order to their preserve behealth, British masters collect taxes and

it cause keeps them immune carry on the administration the of prevailing tropical from the many resign scores; by the Commercial country the diseases. people Indian The poor Indian traders and sign merchants

afford salt cannot as to buy much pledges not to import British any as they this to need due governmade cloth article; and and the Printing ment increased monopoly and Indian army the and Indian police

price. the In old there days was refuse to shoot their down innosalt tax every no on Indian and cent countrymen and countrywofree as to get as was needed. he much men. Indian The of weapon pasis all is India That determined why sive resistance is and See boycott inour specimens of to salt the do with away monopoly finitely more potent effective and Modern refuse to to Wedding and levied tax any pay than any resistance. armed sale The

it. readers on American will be Invitations of British cloth has gone in down able realize to the oppressive charIndian bazaars to as as low per 20 acter this of tax monopoly and cent its of value, and English many are they hisof the reminded when factories are threatened inwith toric gabelle, salt French or tax. dustrial ruin. Hundreds of Engemployment and are brought to '"THE* Gandhi'ssignificancecivil ofdisobedienceMahatma The Deseret thelish workers are thrown out of verge of starvation. The Britone realizes the slender basis of out for an immediate settlement News Press ish commercial interests are crying movement becomes apparent when rule in diffiIndia and the with Gandhi and for the normal British

29 Richards Street restorationtwo countries.of tradeIt betweenwould seemthe cultiesGandhi'sunderschemewhichof liberatingit labors.InSalt Lake City that the British government will dia by peculiar, and one might albe forced sooner or later to concede most say unhistorical methods, is

*i the demands of the Indian people not a mere fantastic dream and vision, is but rooted in the full rights impractical the basic realities situation. of the BE INDEPENDENT andof a toselfgoverningaccord them nation.

No Other Vocation So Profitable! British rule in India rests on very

ENROLL NOW artificial and dilapidated walls, and

For a Complete Course at the r\Fw andinfinitelysignificancemoreis theimportancedestrucisthatwithoutweatherthosethesolidpopularfoundationsstorms

Quisti School of Beauty Culture tion of the salt monopoly of the and ward off sudden explosions.

The Best in the West Indian government by the Indian Hitherto it has held its own and 304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. National Congress. Few Westernhas tided over several crises reSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ers realize the importance of the markably well, because it could

For Further Information crusade against salt law, or unsucessfully exacerbate the differand Catalog Call derstand the astute of move the Indian Maences among people and 7560 Wasatch or to unite hatma Gandhi the could Indian play off one against the Fill in This

Coupon people and to bring the Indian other. But this is no longer posgovernment to its knees. Salt in sible. Whatever may be the aniIndia is a government monopoly mosities among the (different popuand is a source of immense revelations, castes and creeds of India

nue to the Indian treasury. The they are violently opposed to

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 305

foreign domination and are firmly alien determined with to do away AN APOLOGY FOR THE BOOK OF all. for authority once Brahman

and Sudra, and Muslim, MORMON Hindu BY E. CECIL McGAVIN Sikh and Rajput, Punjabi and This unusual book is highly recommended by many Church Authorities, Mission

Bengali, are combined to wrest the Presidents and others.

government of the country from of interest"I have andreadsatisfaction.your book, 'AnI wishApologyto thankfor theyou Bookfor theof Mormon/fund of carefullywith a greatarrangeddeal

the hands of their English rulers material which you have assembled in defense of the Book of Mormon. I am sure that

and to work out their salvation in theshouldinformationbe very helpfulyou presentto our willyoungresultpeoplein awhogreatare dealconfrontedof goodwithin athegeneralmany wayproblemsand

Fielding Smith. Joseph

assailants Christian their own way. which"Yourhavebookbeen shouldraised haveagainsta largethe Bookcirculation.of Mormon."—ElderAs a reply to

it is Smith, Founder of the American Association for the of Atheism.deadly."—Charles When a people consisting of AdvancementMormonism, of

contains book a wealth "Your of material million three hundred and twenty it to the students of this Book of Mormon neededStake."—W.in our Church.Aird Macdonald,I am recommendPresident souls has made its minds up Francisco to ingSan Stake.

Ireland, Editor, be free and a master in its own Liahona."It is truly the best book in its line that I have ever seen."—Hugh

foreignershousehold, can never Sold by Deseret Book Company Price $1.50 to keephope it in humiliating and

permanent subjection. The in- <u

habitants of India are not savages;

they are gifted people who during their long and honorable historic pasts have by their own efforts built up glorious cultures and systems of thought that are gaining recognition from all impartial men and women. Hitherto their greatest defect has been a lack of strong

nationalistic spirit and political efficiency, which accounts for their present political degradation. But

this defect the Indians are now overcoming. India is today renascent, its people are coming of age

and are displaying their innate capacity by not merely imitating but by adopting European ideas and methods of political organization and government. Unless all signs

fail, a selfgoverning India is an ultimate certainty. To plead the

unfitness, incompetency and religious differences as an excuse for the prolongation of foreign tuteye*r iqgo a>a eiaa tg-a zjzH ei es-a a-z? 2723 2S s-aolage of India is to miss the whole

point; because Hindustan refuses Growth of the B.YU ISNEOToiqzq-ao

to put up with alien domination is firmly resolved aand to have national its government of own, 365 % Increase in Ten Years run in the interests of its own citizens. This is the most important and Still Climbing

point to remember in connection This is the record of growth in enrollment of college students at with the Indian situation. If the

British statesmen refuse to yield Brigham Young Universityto India's just demands and to endow her with parliamentary inStandard instruction in all the major branches of secular learning plus training in religion and morals may be had at the Church Unistitutions they will plunge the versity.

country in revolution and will Come to the "Y!"

condemn her to a welter of anarchy and political chaos. And an Spring Quarter Begins March 16

Indian revolution will be bad for For information address:

the British Empire, bad for the The President whole East, bad for the world,since the repercussions of such a BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH vast catastrophe will spread to the "TRAINING FOR LEADERSHIP"ends of the earth. * * a||p

306 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Cliffs and Caves of Southern Utah [Continued from page 270]

"\TEXT was unearthed cloth made ern homes could endure so long - of rabbit skin and feathers, under similar conditions.

with a kind of pottery much more crude and less beautiful than the \\7EAPONS of warfare, crude other, indicating an earlier and v * as they were, have been lower form of workmanship. found in numbers, most of them

The third discovery, which was buried with the mummies who first in point of time, was of mawere not mummies at all at the terial consisting of cedar bark and time of burial. Bone and horn

thistle fibre or yucca woven toimplements in a deerskin sack, argether in a primitive way to make ticles made of pitchgum and sand,

Will Thank Us robes and coverings of different bound with sinew, and other peculiar things in were there, and kinds. of the Some were mummies When This cave, one with a mummified body, in this style wrapped of raiment,

Tractor Is On and seemingly have been comfortwas found a boomerang. A peable through all the years of their culiar implement which was simpreservation in the dry, sterile sand ilar to one or two of the kind YOUR in which they have rested. Confound in Guatemala was also

Farm trary to the observation made by found, and there an old Indian m'Caterpillar"Traction Irvin S. Cobb, after he had inspecthad described the use of the adleMakes You Independent of Weathed certain mummies, these have adle, as it was called. Consisting

er, Soil, Time and Labor! made exceptionally good preserves. of a stick, upon which a revolving

LANDES TRACTOR & piece was fastened, it was twirled with remarkable speed, out and EQUIPMENT CO. this of '"THE time can of the groove this piece cut in SALT CITY, flew LAKE UTAH L scarcelypottery Branch be called in Houses Tremonton, name, by that Utah; arrows with tremendous momenMalad Preston, and Idaho properly, a being mixture basof tum.

ketry, made of reeds and mud, or The pictures herewith reprinted *mmmmm\ clay bowls formed from gourds, were taken within a radius of 75 and utensils made of horn. The miles of the Natural Bridges of

home of a basketmaker was itself Utah (now a national monument a basket, the frame being reeds of 7400 acres). This locality is

which, plastered with clay, formed the base of equipment and the quite adequate walls, as proven point of departure for exploring it parties, the and Mr. Johnson, ofFOR SPRING DECORATING bystill theremain.fact thatIt is remnantsdebatable ofas to ficially appointed custodian and

--exterior and interior-- whether or not some of our modguide.

BENNETT'S Gleaner Girls Department [Continued from page Z94] Insurance/ conduct in houses of worship. They They will learn the proper etiquette

will learn that successful conversation is of the ballroom and will appreciate the accomplished by being a good listener, as cultural and aesthetic value of the dance;

well as being able to talk upon the topics and iforms and usages for other social the of a day well with voice modulated many, other things many PAINT PRODUCTS that and interruptions the and use of slang events—andthat will help to the life make wheels of

in taste. poor will learn that They go round all smoothly. more theyBright Above modish with are colors—solidcovering they can converse the greatest with peowill learn that they all can of accomplish

ple in history literreading the best by less brushing—economical this spirit through the of that God, and

ature. they will be attuned to his spirit more

They will learn the proper conduct readily through refinement than through in public places, such as on the street, coarseness.

Manufactured and sold by in the theatre, and elsewhere; how to give

and receive introductions and how to Diamonds in the rough may be all present people to right, persons prefer but jewels polished. we our CO.BENNETT GLASS PAINT &

to taste use in obgood how Salt South, 65 West First Lake City Let us not be content until these jewels trusiveness dress in is as offensivedress—thatof distinction;as obDealers throughout Utah, southern Idaho trusiveness in conduct. shine with that perfect lustre which

reflects fine a soul within, that we may table will learn etiquette, and They and neighboring states able realize to be the prayer of David, feel at ease while to appear well and how dining. They will learn of the little "that our daughters may be like cornercourtesies and kindnesses necessary for stones, polished after the similitude of a

success in business. palace."

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 307

Bee Hive Girls When in Los Angeles Have Your Eyes

Department /\ Examined!

[Continued from page 297] We have examined and fit with glasses, when necessary, 100% of the missionaries for 10 years.slater be sent out to each stake for the U

use of BeeKeepers. J. EARL SALTER, Opt, D., 205 Qninby Bldg. VA 4415

The Red Cross course consists of a study of the national requirements for Red Cross recognition, and will great to valueibe of BeeKeepers and girls to the MODERN BOOKS PEWSthe they pass on whom gained.information Handcraft The that Qualify you for all ascourse covers such subjects hooked

rugs, idea box, plain sewing and sewPUBLIC SPEAKING attachments, budgeting,ing machine IHi K'nlllino-.Folding, electricalscrapbooks, mending fixOccasions—send for new CHAIRS

tures, textiles, lampshade making, Catalog. Kindergarten 11: 11111 old furniturepainting use of and the and Opera

the symbol.

Church and Store Hank, Office, It might be practical in localities in THE SPEAKERS Fixtures schools are situated towhich on put LIBRARY Salt Lake Cabinet &locally courses, the such help with Station ( Brightwood Fixture Companyof the physical education doand mestic art instructors. Think about Washington, D. C. Write32 Richardsns for Streetprices

it for the next year.

xtra Quick Winter Starting

In the chill of the dawn, there's

Ijk, a world of satisfaction in knowing that your motor will perk right first starter spin. off with the

This great satisfaction belongs to any man who uses Winter Test* Parco Ethyl Gasoline.

Unlike most casing'head mixed winter gasolines the quick starting features of Winter Test Parco Ethyl are refined into it and are an integral, nonseparating part of it That's why Winter Test Parco

Ethyl not only starts so quickly but delivers a sustained power stream and many extra miles per gallon. And

it is Certified AntiKnock.

* The volatility of Parco Ethyl is regulated to conform with varying seasonal temperatures.

Winter Test Parco Ethyl is especially refined for quick cold weather starting and very best winter driving results* AT INDEPENDEN STATIONS AND DEALERS 308 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

Foods for Health New Ways of Cooking, Vegetables [Continued from page 284] Rich Creamy water is left when they are done starch, and is much less fattening inexpensive is an Texture servemethodit withpreservesthem theas juice.full flavorThis foodthan becausebread. it Itis easily grown, and

Chowders and creamed soups and valuable.minerals. easily stored and kept through the

made with Sego Milk have a 6. Cook strongflavored vegewinter. It has a flavor which

foods, other and onions, and the blends well with smoother, creamier texture and tables—turnips,cabbage family it always should

are more nourishing. Be sure in a large amount be served in comyou get SEGO MILK at your of boiling water bination with

grocer's. in an uncovered fatty foods and

saucepan, boil green vegetables.

SEGO MELODY LANE until just tender, Bread and potaViolin, harp and drain immediatetoes are both Sat- {music organ urday evenings at ly and serve at starchy foods,—KSL and once. This and when large 9:15KLO.

method lessens helpings of pothe food value, tatoes are being but it eliminates the oils and gases served at a meal, bread should be which cause them to be strong in omitted.

flavor and hard to digest. Strongflavored vegetablees may be cooked Baked Potatoes

in a small amount of water in a covered dish in the oven. This "RAKING is the best method of

method lessens the odor while cooking potatoes. Select sound,

cooking, retains full flavor and all mediumsized ones, scrub and rinse pa<WWP*'WHWPW food values, but it does not allow well, and rub lightly with some t the undesirable volatile produce to form of fat. Place them in a hot

i oven about fahrenheit 375 and t escape.

i a steady heat until tender t Ambitious 7. Cook spinach and other continue greens without water, other than—about 45 or 50 minutes. Test

pinching fingers. with adheres to the leaves by When that which Students done remove from oven immediafter washing.

i OF MUSIC will select McCune ately, roll slightly and pop open

i

i

I training this summer. Steaming escape.at one side,Thispermittingmakes themthe steamdry andto

flaky. Place in the a opening cube waterare a of number HPHERE realize the They that advancement can of butter and dash of paprika and * less the market cookers on in be a of intensive ', weeks made few serve at once. tablespoon of A their study,, in vegetables that this and summer steam know which t chopped green onions, inside put f is the foremost school institution of gives moisture. natural This own

t the potato, a adds flavor pleasing in the Intermountain Music West.

t since watching, and freedom from

people. to many at one several be cooked things can THE SESSION SUMMER

a Hollywood has vegetables fuel. restaurant faBut June 8 18 July time—saves—for a mous potato called dish steaming to take longer cook by

will t include "Toadin-theHole."It consists sauce amount than by pan—small

i Private Instruction in: (a large russet Idaho potato hence not water of method i voice, Piano, orchestra inand band

i is in the opening different vegetoo, good. Then, so baked—andof struments, theory of and submusic i

i chopped green onions and a jects. of placed different periods require tables

t sized piece good of broiled tendergenerally are i time, and cooking Class Instruction in:

t loin steak. separately. cooked Piano (for beginners) better when i

i Ear Training i

i Harmony The King of Vegetables Boiled Potatoes i

i

is the potato one of always be HPHE should most POTATOES i It contains foods. valuable of boiled in their as this jackets i McCUNE

i School of Music and Art all the known vitamines and, begives a better flavor and saves most i Salt Lake City, Utah ing a starchy food, yields both heat of the mineral salts. After cook-

i May we send you our Catalog? and energy. It is more easily asing the skins can be removed easily

j*"niJiiiif*'i*fc ftmrf"i nft J-'"* Y ***- ak "**-i ifi f*i ifc it*hnih iHiHi -iPk. similated than any other form of if desired. The potato is served

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 309

whole, then imashed with a littlecream or milk. However, it is bet- A tip for domestic

ter eat potatoes to without removtheir skins. Iting be rescience teachers should

that all starchy foodsmembered masticationneed thorough and -which may interest potatoes whether (mashed or baked western mothers, tooneed as much mixture with saliva as do the more fibrous vegetables. Do you teach this shortcut in making chocolate cake? Use ground chocolate and put it

Potato and Egg Dish into the sifter with the other dry ingredients.

3 cups mashed potates (hot) Y2 cup cream If you use Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate, the 1 pimento West's favorite,use onefourth cup Ghirardelli's

Press a sieve, through and or ounce, of oldfashion for every square, cake to theadd the cream add the potatoes—thenpimento

for. chocolate your recipe may call seasoning together.and beat well and

Place this mixture in a well buttered bakalso to prefer people reduce table* the sugar slightly—about Many one with a spoon over anding dish—smoothseveral depressions. into eachmake Break for sugar spoonful every less of quartercup of Ghirardelli's use. you

depression a raw egg; dot with butter,

and place in the oven until eggs are set.

Strips of well fried bacon add to the tastiness of this dish. GHIRARD ELLI'SFREE Write for

Potato Pudding "Sweet Sixteen"

Recipe Packet No. 2, CHOCOLATE D. GhirardelliCo., This pudding may be made from left

St., Point North Say "Geardr-delly"914 mover potatoes. mashed Calif. Francisco, San

Put 2 cups of cold mashed potatoes 330 in a double boiler with V2 cup of milk and a tablespoon of butter. When warm

blend together and add two well beaten eggs. the Beat mixture together with There are many who suffer loss

egg beater, seasoning add turn into and well a greased dish. baking Sprinkle buttter, Be prudent bread with wi!th crumbs, dot

placethen dish the baking in pan of hot Avert it by water 1 5 minutes. and bake in oven The

pudding comes out light and fluffy and isexcellent for children. INSURANCE

Potato Soup This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality.

4 cups of milk 1 onion 2 cloves UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. Seasoning

1 cup mashed potatoes HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah

2 tablespoons butter 2 tablespoons flour 1 tablespoon chopped parsley Press the cloves into the onion and drop it into milk. Heat to scalding

point and add potatoes. Blend flour and

butter and gradualy stir into the milk and mixture. potato for about Cook 10

parsley minutes. onion, add Remove theand seasoning and serve with croutons. DAYS OLD

Potatoes and Corn Beef still fresh and moist 2 cups, cold boiled Potatoes in skins That's what a recent test showed when 2 cups corn beef 3 tablespoons cream a cake baked with Royal Baking 1 tablespoon minced onion Powder was compared after three days

Seasoning cakes made with cheaper brands in small Cut potatoes not with cubes—dobeef. Place remove corn skins. Chop of baking powder.

meat in frying pan, add potatoes, cream and seasoning. When steaming hot place Only the Royal cake was moist and

flame, until under brown on top—then

fold in serve at fresh, and full of flavor. What better omelette an two like and

once. proof of the superiority of Royal, the

Sweet Potatoes Cream of Tartar Baking Powder

The sweet potato, like the white poWhen you bake, always use Royal.

tato, is said to be a native of South America, but according to botanists they do not belong to the same family, although there is a general resemblance. EROYAL BAKING

The sweet potato, as the name would indicate, is sugary and when cooked "exat your grocers = POWDER310 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

udes a rich sticky juice."Like the white is more easily digested than the other

Sweet Potato Ring fromIn aroundpreparingthe it,head,stripas theseall leavesare usuallyaway Aiaby Chicks potato it is best when it is baked. members.

Boil and mash sweet potatoes. Season bitter, then soak head down in cold water

Mountain well and add plenty of cream and butter. containing a little salt. This drives away

Bred Put20 minutes.in well buttered ring mould and steam anyPlungeinsectsintothata panmayof beboilingpresent.water, leave

Heavy Fill center with creamed fish, chicken uncovered and boil steadily for about

Producers inor meat.butter mayLeft beoverused.bits of meat warmed centerthirty ofminutes,platter.drain and place whole in

Electrically Baked Sweet Potates and Apples butter,ServeorwithpourHollandaisewhite sauceSauce*:aroundor meltedit. It

Hatched Boil sweet potatoes; when cold, skin is a beautiful dish when brought in to the

Once a Customer Always One andter a slicebaking34 dish.of anPutinchin a thick.layer of Butpo- atablelovelyin thiswhitemanner,flower, lookingthan a morevegetable.like

State Chicks are from Diamond layer of uncooked tatoes, them a and over

Accredited Pedigreed Roosters sugar Baked Cauliflower with Cheese sprinkle apples, with sliced brown 200 Eggs and Over. and butter. Place in the oven and bake 3 Cups of Cooked Cauliflower

Tow Barron and Tancred until apples are cooked. Seasoning

Foundation. Sweet potatoes and bananas may be 2 Cups white sauce

Guaranteed to Live. Liberal cooked the same way. 1 Cup grated cheese

stir dish, the in Cauliflower baking Put Replacement. Beans cheese hot, the the sauce into and white Complete Line of Poultry sprinkle the Cauliflower, with over most pour to be the is said bean Lima The Equipment. sauce varieties and dot crumbs, white bread with all the numerous of

Profitable Our Book ten minutes. in oven winter bake moderate about a splendid are beans. in Two ofwholesome They Colors—Free. food, because being starchy they furnish Cooked Cauliflower when chilled makes

A Lot of Helpful Information. heat and energy. Dried, they are especial- a delicious salad. It may be served alone

Send For Your Copy Today. ly valuable in places where it is difficult or in combination with other vegetables.

vegetables. fresh They to obtain Small Deposit Will Secure Your A are inSpinach combination used in when expensive and Order. Special Discounts if Orders

are Booked Before February 10th. with other foods form a hearty meal. Spinach is an excellent dish. It is,

Fresh Lima beans should be cooked in a wholesome, cooling, easily digested and

Ogden Poultry Farni coveredsmall amountsaucepanof boilingfor aboutwater20in aminutes.tightly stomach."is called by theIt isFrench,rich in"theiron,broomcontaining,of the

and Hatchery When tender add a little cream and serve. more of this necessary element than any

in vegetables. be soaked leafy peoshould other beans of the Dried Many Lima

drained it only and then several hours, spinach ple not like and eat do water Box 828 Ogden, UtsA cold cooked in small amount of boiling water because they know it is good for them, about 30 minutes. but when properly prepared and served io

Lima beans are delicious when cooked combination with other foods it becomes in meat broth and served on toasted bread extremely palatable.

with a bit of grated cheese.

Spinach Ring Lima Beans Moulded 4 bunches spinach 2 Cups Cooked Lima Beans 2 eggs 2 Tablespoons butter 1 cup white sauce 2 Eggs 1 tablespoon lemon juice % cups milk Remove all large stems and wash thorPress beans through sieve, add milk, oughly in several waters.

Every article which leaves buttertogetheiandandthe beatenfold ineggtheyolks,wellmixbeatenwell coveredCook saucepanspinach within steamerno wateror otherin tightlythan our shop is not only cleaned whites, turn into mould and bake in oven that which clings to the leaves from wash- 1 salt minutes. cook and 10 ing. Add and refreshed but also guarabout fifteen minutes.

fire fine cut rather from and Remove anteed free from objectionLima Beans with Minced Ham with silver knife. Beat the two egg yolks

stir sauce. into the heated white and Mix able 3 Beans Cupc Lima odor of all cleaning maseasoning spinach with add and and lemon or Canned Cooked terials. juice. in fold the well beaten egg Then sauce white 2 Cupr

whites, into a greased ring turn mould, Minced Cups Ham 1% in in of hot water and pan bake the the white sauce, put place Mix ham into a layer of beans in a baking dish, cover moderate oven 20 minutes. When done

with sauce, then another layer of beans turn onto a platter or chop plate and fill and sauce, cover with bread crumbs, dot the center of the ring with creamed mushwith butter, and brown in moderate oven. rooms, or creamed sweetbreads, or chicken

and you have a dish to "set before a

Lima Bean Soup king."

This mixture same spinach, of egg and 2 Beans Cooked Cups Lima sauce white in be individual cooked may 1 Parsley Tab:espoon Chopped served moulds a and with of spoonful any

1 Teaspoon Onions Minced these of creamed meats vegetables. or

3 water Cups tins are excellent Muffin individual mould? Condensed Milk 1 Cup for vegetables.

1 Celery Tablespoon Chopped Individual spinach moulds with an egg a sieve, the Press beans through; mix cheese is and sauce a dish for good main ingredients other boil with for about and the family dinner.

stirring minutes, five constantly.

Serve with a lump of butter in each Egg and Cheese Sauce dish. 2 cups white sauce

Cauliflower Vn cup grated cheese 4 hard boiled eggs Cauliflower belongs to the Cabbage Seasoning.

family. It is quite delicate in flavor, and Heat white sauce, add cheese and stir

The Improvement Era for March, 1931 311

until smooth. Chop the egg not too fine,

and add to the sauce. Place moulded

spinach on platter and pour tablespoon of sauce over each mould.

Asparagus may be moulded the same as spinach. Use only the tender tips of the

asparagus.

Spinach and Cottage 'Cheese Cook spinach 5 minutes. Let cool and

mix with cottage cheese which has been well seasoned. Stand in ice box 30 minutes and serve.

<ICg0lCAN YOU FIND THE TWINS?

course Of you've watched the funny screen capers Walt s. nitshas whowin*, climbeduiimoea thetne stepssteps Mickey"w toto DisneyT, movie "movie"of Junior Girls

- MAxuuat?Mouse Mouse was acclaimed one of Mlckey the,Recentl?t. s most popular ''i,(11 movie1CtU efeatures. His name nm, UL? and are fame—spreading everywhere

'worldi%*as"P "."i-more muicmore fanslans getgei moviemum. 10to and knowKnow him.mm. appears now, dressed his in He very best attire, Department ready to help <> find you success dlfflnnit tot i through aUfy a t0 Win e an J.en JiQuai prizes.1ri funeoutTfndioneflLsf Zes ilere isii the HereU are Above [Continued 0rt poses of test.ST*"from Mickey fTeleven TenTqri tn page annears Mouse 295} He tfrstWpherejmstdifferently dressed be in each pose, but here's the trick Mickey Mouse plays on for you nf two is poses the dressed exactly he the same. really There are two alike—identical twins the These are twin poses in which Mickey wears Mouse the same identical clothesshirt, criticisms gloves trousers and Study which the pictured ruin a may character or Mickey Mouse < make another unhappy. - in"- F-&3?&uSS—- 7. having By a mental housecleaning Exti* Prizes of for $100,00 and taking Promptness an W iself. inventory of Ask

total of of each the ten big yourself Fi"t FJ&iolgmpjpito questions. lA'TJt bW,W=? )0.00)

'duplicate prizes -paid case ties. of will Answers not I be accepted m from, true persons liviliving to myself? If Am so I will? liiir mney Just "- obIiatlon "your answer::d sh I let will toA you know at once it is -J-?'correct. if not be untrue to anyone.

Am I clean in heart, mind and body? W. C. DILBERG, PUBLICITY DIRECTOR, ROOM 000, 502 N. DEARBORN ST. dlCAG0, ILLIMOK

Am I kind and forgiving?

Am I honest?

Am I ambitious?

Am WouldI allI beI pretendwilling toto be?have my loved Save

ones and friends read my mind and know all the thoughts that pass through it? Your

Is there anyone who knows our mental condition? Let us keep our minds tuned in to the proper spirit by studying Money

the life of the Savior and when we are.tempted to think evil, insist upon our Why waste $60.00 on

thoughts returning to him and the beauty Certificate when Joseph J of his life. Wm. Taylor can fur-

8. By cultivating the proper mental nish a complete funeral j

a than little more attitude church. toward get for probably We

Certificate a costs. religion from our the joy seek, but we

we must give of ourselves an intelligent, Services, quality and j prices not equaled by receptive mind, reverence showing and w **<> love our by actions. own JOSEPH Lcl?n Expertdin* MEmbalmerrt WM.j. TAYLOR'x.jl*jV * andrtLe 04.Street 9. selecting Northm.+u Mamm the clean By pports and 19K both office phone and residence Was. 7600

recreation. Avoid the pictures and

shows that have a tendency to exploit the coarse and unclean things of life. Seek

the good and beautiful things that elevate and make one finer and happier.

Enjoy dancing because our mental condition is clean and pure. REDUCED COACH FARES

this a real project Make asking girls by via Southern Pacific Linesto for a proper work attitude lor mentaltwo weeks without thinking evil or speak- (|j jtij/P Am Cfcft ing unkindly about anyone. Then have

therx in send a report as to how successto SAN FRANCISCO ful they been. have X/

to LOS ANGELES Says Joaquin Miller:

via Francisco San"In men men condemn whom 1 find still, so goodness much of as ill $20Good in warm, clean coaches reclining or chair cars on the "Pacific

In men divine Limited"pronounce or men "Fast Mail,"whom via the direct Overland over Route the High

I find so sin blot of and much Sierra Mountains to San Francisco. choice Then of several trains to Los

to line dare not the I do draw Angeles. Stopover in fascinating if Francisco, San wish. you

Between the two where God has not."Are you planning a trip? Fill out this coupon and mail to:

"Somewhere in the future, my lone grave

Will flowers lie where and bloom mosses D. R. General Agent, Southern OWEN, Pacific Co., wave, 41 South Salt Main City, Lake Utah.

will friends stand besideAnd it speaking Please send information me St.,full trip to on a

low, Of things (I said and did so long ago.

faults follies, andMy Name forgotten—dead,

inLie buried with lowly bed. me allmy

Address:S...; lovedAh. ones! not why bury them

today, City And let me feel forgiven while I may?"

312 The Improvement Era for March, 1931

The Essentials of SOMETHING TO

THINK ABOUT! Public Speaking, WHEN IMPROVING OR [Continued from page 275]

BUILDING Soule cialties), SteelPanwnsSash Puraire(Steel ComSpe- you want to know about the law, is most expert. Such critics, when

Unit, Rolscreens plete Kitchen Seal Metal listen to judges; if you want to merely engaged in conversation upof Pella, Reese Flexo

Weather Strips know about theology, listen to the on some particular topic which you

Comfortable Be FUEL SAVE & often will investigating, are clergy. quietly Door Unit Rylock—the unconvaluable, a a conrender though you will Lock, make Rubber Now, if ImprovedTile—Sinks—Floors Concrete, Proofing and Water prospective service scious, of to the scientious process of this study to will It Hardeners. pay yon

call or write now to people, speaker. information for free conveying

prices particulars and of entertaining and interesting

Inc. Co., E. Brewer R. informal of this study them, of persuading and | them, Specialties Building:

delibthen IJROM-*- conversation from of success and the secret found City, you have Salt Utah 135 So. Lake Main,

in speaking. Your next step is deerate arrangement of conversationliberately to systematize your findal matter, proceed to seek opporings. Note how effective speakers tunities to put your newly acquired

make abstractions concrete; how skill into practical service. ReIndex To Advertisers they vary the emphasis; how they member few beginners are sought

Company Page gesture; how they shift from one after as speakers. Make your own

Beneficial Life Insurance Co less successful means of persuasion first opportunities, then others will

Back Cover to a better one; how they use hufollow. Seek channels of speech

Bennett Glass 8 Paint Co 306 mor, or sarcasm, or pathos; how service (in church, in school, in

Boyce, W. D. Co 311 they play upon prejudices or apyour general community life. You

Brigham Young "University 305 peal to the highest motives. As need never allow yourself to be

Deseret News Press 304 you detect these human tactics, taken entirely unawares, because

Continental Oil Co 298 then deliberately plan a conversayou are constantly preparing

Consolidated Wagon & Machine tion on various topics that you against the day of your opporCo. 2 9 8 recognize as material for sensible tunity. You are thinking jand

Eureka Vacuum Cleaner Co..303 conversation. 5 Inveigle your reading about those topics which

First Securities Corp friends into such an experiment, your social group is likely to want

Inside Back Cover so that you may test your skill. to discuss, you are introducing

Ghirardelli Company 309 But this is not quite the whole those matters into daily converHenager's Business College 299 process. An alert conversationalsation, you are watching for the

Independent Gas & Oil Co 307 ist listens carefully, so that he may group reaction, you are estimating

Ketterer S. Perschon Co 300 answer directly and forcefully. public opinion, you are deliberateKnight Fuel Company 302 You must keep in mind the other ly and logically arranging your

Landes Tractor & Equipment side of the question, in order to ideas, and information on those

Co. 306 support your own position adecurrent and critical themes.

McCune School of Music EJ quately. After following such a comArt 308 Informal conversation is often monsense process, the making of

Miskin Scraper Works, Thc299 too rambling, too prolix, too fre- a public speech provokes no violent

McGavin, E. Cecil 305 quently interrupted to serve as the change in your mental or emotionNorth American Institute 303 exact mould for your public presal state; it merely changes your

it is correct in spirit. informal to a more formal converOgden Poultry Farms & Hatchentation—but

ery 310 The form merely needs more consational style, the degree of the

PorterWalton Company 301 ciseness, the heightening of every change naturally depending upon

Quish School of Beauty Culelement by assured technic. In the nature of the speech occasion.

ture 304 essence, the formalized public

Regal Cleaning 8 Dyeing Co...3 10 speech is only conversation ampliSummary

Royal Baking Powder 309 fied, refined, and ennobled accord-

R. E. Brewer Co 312 ing to the demands of the public C PEAKING can not, by its very Salter, Earl J 307 occasion. nature, appeal to the frivolous

Salt Lake Cabinet Fixture307 It is always well to perfect your and.thoughtless. But to jthose

Salt Lake Costume Co 300 technic by constructive criticism as who are ambitious to increase

Salt Lake Stamp Co 300 you proceed with your speech extheir influence in the community,

Sego Milk Company 308 periments. This type of criticism it is an inexhaustible source of

Southern Pacific Co 311 may be had frequently from a power. For such people the methSpeaker's Library, The 307 congenial friend, a sympathetic ods described here are a safe path

Taylor, Jos. Wm 311 teacher, an interested professional to success, and the steps outlined

Utah Gas Coke Co acquaintance, such as your lawyer, will appeal strongly to their pracInside Front Cover doctor, preacher or banker, each tical judgment. Mental discipline

Utah High School of Beauty according to the field in which he and exertion, physical stamina and

Culture 3 emotional honesty are all demandexcellent will found be example 5An are clearly sign posts 309 ed. The Fire (Insurance Utah Home Aug., p. 1930, Forum, The yourpropel but you must 116. marked Assn Teachers'Yergensen Harris, of Evil, Chair by Cora Ham301 inThe

ilton Holt, Irving Bacheller and others. self.

aliiri -i 1A1 aito "A- -A "*"-a.--a--a------

Savefora SunnyDay the 3irst Security Way

Did You

Share In It?

& / $62S.000 A

Intermountain Payroll

thouand January 1—were Sunny Days for These two big pay days—July

sands of thrifty intermountain folk. Banks of the First Security Corporation System served as paymaster, distributing $628,000 interest on Savings.

Make certain you get your share of this great intermountain payroll by maintaining a growing Savings Account with one of the following banks:

NATIONAL COPPER BANK FIRST NATIONAL BANK

BANKERS TRUST CO. FIRST SAVINGS BANK

Salt Lake Ogden THATCHER BROS. BANKING CO. ANDERSON BROS. BANK

Logan Idaho Falls, Idaho FIRST SECURITY BANKS AT:

Boise, Pocatello, Nampa, Payette, Emmett, Mountain Home, Gooding, Rupert, Jerome, Shoshone, Hailey,

B'ackfoot, Ashton, Montpelier, Preston, Idaho; Richmond, Hyrum, Garfield, Magna, Bingham, Utah;

Rock Springs and South Superior, Wyoming.

ifiifwjtt Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

COMBINED RESOURCES FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS *,1iaim+l*mmmd>m+mt4l**w*m i.ti *t + '"b rfh Oil >r 11C1 t i* 1*1 nfc i *i ir.

Tho our Daddy has gone he provides for us still,

He has thought of a way and it gives us a thrill,

Each month JJncle Sam as sure as can be

Brings a check from The Big Home Company.

We sure love our Daddy for being so wise,

Assuring our future the rest of our lives.

How are you fixed as a family, have you the same assurance o the future? It doesn't pay to gamble on their happiness when good

life insurance can be obtained so reasonably.

FULL DETAILS, WITHOUT OBLIGATION, FROM ANY REPRESENTATIVE OF

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE YOU CAN BUY m *r> w <* lll ll! I|l