Vol* Vllo The Glory of God is Intelligence. No. 9.

IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Organ of Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations.

PUBLISHED BY TBB GENEIRAL BOARD.

F. JosBPH Business J. Grant.;

ANDBKSOif, j Edw. H. Smith, NwdUom( ""Thos.Hbbbh HULL, Managers.

Sintered at the Poet Office, Sale Lake City, Utah, as Second Glass Matter.

JULY, 1904.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait cf Governor Stephen S. Harding Frontispiece

Was the Declaration of Independence a Heavenly Inspiration? Elder Joseph E. Taylor 641

A Dream. A Poem W. S. Phillips 646

Converted by Signs Walter M. Wolfe 647

To Man. A Poem James Nielsen 653

The Bible Frederic Clift,M.D. 654

The Baby's Lesson 664 Adventures of a Pioneer. Ill Hon. John M. Horner 665

An Experience David B. Anderson 673

The Prophesied Exodus. A Poem Henry E. Home 674Talks to Young Men. IX—Choosing a Vocation 676

Suggestive Thoughts for the Mildly Skeptical Dr. J. X. Allen 680

A Trip to Cuba Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 684

Does an Education Pay? Success 687

Sunlight. A Poem T.E.Curtis 688

Radium Dr. James E. Talmage 689

His Mother. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 698

Joseph Smith as Scientist. IX Dr. John A. Widtsoe 699

Some Leading Events in the Current Story of the

World—Progress of the War—The Battle of

Nan Shan Hill—Senator Quay—Perdicaris Kidnapped—A New Canadian Transcontinental Railway—Postal War on Patent Medicines—Colorado's Troubles Dr.J.M. Tanner 706

Editor's Table—Rest for the Peaceful Followers

of Christ President Joseph F. Smith 714

Annual Conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations—A Talk to Graduates

Governoi Harding—Radium—Two Books on

Utah 718 In Lighter Mood 726 Our Work—M. I. A. Work in England—Flourishing Norwegian M. I. A.—New Superintendent Chosen 727

Events of the Month 730

SALT LAKE CITY:

214 215 TEMPLETQN BUILDING.

Published Monthly. $2.00 Per Annum

mi C. ItCLIII. Pnii. mo T. BURTN, %. N> i. lURTN, Tritt

Keep IHoney at Home BUfTON COAlk

By Insairing -HO l0]BEH CO.

in the Don't ALL KINDS OF Carry GOAL Your ALL KINDS OF LUMBER Wholesale and Retail.

OwnHOME LUMBER IN CAR LOTS A SPECIALH.

Risk Office, 60 W. Second Sotrtli Street.

Yards, Cor. Fifth Sooth and Third West Stk

Telephone 808. FIRE

THH. or OF STATE BflM UTAH UTAH Aeeounts Solielted.

Covvespondene* Invited* DIRBCTOB8. OFFICBR8 AND

F. Smith, President.HeDer J. Grant & Go. Joseph

Wm. 6. Preston, VicePresident.

GENERAL AGENTS. HenryCharlesT.S.McEwan,Burton, Cashier.Asst. Cashier.

Heber J. Grant Job. D. Mnrdock

A. W. Carlson. Heber M, Wells

20-2 S9uth Mam St.. tali Lake My. Utmt Byron Groo Isaac Barton

—jBdHjV

iHHl i"HHV 9!!|| K.'l. * "''

1*1 i>!: i*ii!i-i>*5!!'i:/:/,1 1

''M'Jih.. -

1 '1—li'4 11.1 i'?:b"'iiMii - 4t,.:

CZi-- irT -.1 9BSSSSIfK[flmisik,.

SniiTfllR BEflCH Jle (greatest aid (jraQdest pauiiioi} ii tle doited States.

Jl?(? F"P<?st salt U/ater Batlirj iesort Iq tl? U/orld.

Jl?e Car(?5t ai?d piest Daieii} ploor ip pmeriea.

2o0 bath bonsea built this year In deep water. New hardwood floor juet laid on the dancing pavilion.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

iAZE DON'TNO!

Pirns at)d Orgafis.

iflE SELL. THE7VT.

DflYHES & fOlWHEY PiflflO GO, TH 7U0NYBK0K: F'eOF=>L-E.

4050 Richards Street. Salt Lake City.

1=.o.:bo2c "w.

MISSIONARIES TBE LITERARY DIGEST

should write to pr call on the "All the Perlouicals in One."

illustrated with weekly magazine Interesting In*SALT LAKE KNITTING WORKS Anfori lai ion adequately covering all the chief subjects for their of human interest, as selected, translated, and digested from the world's choicest periodical literaHOSIERY. UNDERWEAR AND "GARMENTS"ture.

before leaving for their fields ot labor. Should you become one of its regular readers?

lisn Is It your time precious enables BEOHllSFatisjrwjiJti,q Qjabe the ygy most of every readWe havs a full line of ing moment, proviriing Ihe you with 1,(.00 cream of

WHITE SHIRTS. HOSIERY, NECKWEAR valuable periodicals.

** translates, digests, re- '''*i or BECfllJSEocvnUiJC prints Ihe best literature to be found9ir Specialty is KNITTED "6ARMENTS."in periodicals the numberle-s i rinted all in lands,

We have them in Cotton from $1.00 up givingskill anditsdiscrimination.subscribers the benefit of expert editorial and in Wool from $1.75 up.

''enables you to greatly economize ** your expenditures for periodicals ORDBR BV 2B(RIL< PROTBC US. BECAUSE

it possible making to get thbest In a greater num 'ordering send "Garments"your When ber than could you ever subscribe for for—this weight, chest of lengthiieight, measure and single subscription.

Ieeye to BECAUSE"'Digestregular becomereaders versatileof Theon Litebabtall sides

Interest and discussion In pol Salt Lake Knitting Works, ofItlcs,topicsscience,of currentliterature, art, religion, etc.

Salt liak* City, Utah IiITERARY THE DIGEST Mgr. R. SMITH, JOSEPH a Year. 3iQ<$'e Copies $3.00 10 etj DIKECTOKS:

Joseph F. Smith, President.

Budger Clawson, VicePresident.

Thomas hull. FUNK & WflGNflliliS GOPflNY

Kelson, Josepb Alvln F. Smith. NEW YORK.

(When wrltinr to AdTartlawrs, ptoaM mention the Eb.)

TH[ PRESTICE OF AN sometimes causes imitation.

is only one TaylorRomney-ArmstrongCo., THERE

organized in 1869, and still doing business under the same name. Be sure you get the name right.

all kinds No need to tell you that we sell lumber of and everything else that is usually sold by a first class yard.

mill lots of it. Other We also do custom work—yes,

dealers who send us their mill work tell us they do so because the work is done better than elsewhere. No

joubt that is the reason. Suppose you try it.

TilYIiOH01flEYflHlISTfl05G-GO South Temple and Seeond West.

SAVE YODR MONEY, AND WHEH YOD GET A DOLLAR DEPOSIT IT WITH

ZION'S SAVINGS BANK & TRUST COHPANY.

4 Per Cent Interest PaU on |i. to $5,000.

OppiCEIS.

Joseph F. Smith,

President Anthon H. Lund

VicePresident George M. Cannon

Cashier Lewis M. Cannon,

Asst. Cashier

OIIHCTORS.

Joseph F. Smith

Anthon H. Lund

John R. Winder,

T. G Webber

James Jack John T. Caine

Angus M. Cannon

Francis M. Lyman

George Reyncds L. John Notttkl]

Angus J. Cannon

A. O. Woodruff

Hyrum M. Smith

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Bra.)

Digitized by tiie Internet Arciiive in 2011 witii funding from Corporation of tine Presiding Bisiiop, Tine Ciiurcii of Jesus Ciirist of Latterday Saints

Iittp://www.arcliive.org/details/improvementera0709unse

GOVERNOR STEPHEN S. HARDING.

1862-3.

Vol. VII. JULY, 1904. No. 3.

WAS THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE

A HEAVENLY INSPIRATION?

BY ELDER JOSEPH E. TAYLOR, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH.

From a "Mormon"standpoint, we answer most emphatically in the affirmative.

In arriving at this conclusion, we have gone back to the veryearliest history of the land of America, and considered the parposes of our Father concerning this land, and also traced his peculiar providence in relation thereto.

It is with reluctance that the historian of our day goes back only as far as the year 986 A. D., and gives a somewhat doubtful

credit to Herjulfson as being the first to discern, by accident, Newfoundland or Labrador. Fourteen years later, it is said that Leif

Erickson, a noted Icelandic sailor, in order to learn the truth of

Herjulfson's report, sailed westward and landed at Labrador. He

continued his explorations along the Atlantic coast until he reached the present New York harbor.

Thorvald and Thorstein, brothers of Leif, also Thorfinn, a noted mariner, and others, made occasional voyages up to as late a period as the fourteenth century, and explored the Atlantic coast, some of them going as far south as the capes of Virginia.

642 'IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Nothing of importance, however, seems to have resulted from their discoveries. It remained for Christopher Columbus to startle

all Europe by the discovery of the New World. For the time had

not arrived until then, 1492 A. D., according to the purposes of

the Almighty, and, I may add, the decree of heaven, that the

Western Continent should be opened up to the white races of the earth, and its limitless advantages attract the attention of the whole civilized world. Although the most diligent search has been

made for the history of this western world, as also its strange people, yet no reliable history could be found. We are led to ask,

Is it possible that a people, in almost every part of whose land have been discovered the surest evidences of a past civilization and refinement, exceeding in some respects the attainments of the white races of mankind today, should be without a written history?

Every person of enlightenment would give but one answer to the question: It seems incredible.

Like Columbus'discovery, it remained for the prophet of the nineteenth century, Joseph Smith, under the direction of heaven, to dig from the earth that history; for it had been hidden therein,

in a chosen spot, by the direct command of God; and by his appointed agents had been preserved, until the Lord's time for its

coming forth had fully arrived. It is not at all strange that the

latterday prophet, in translating this sacred record dug from the hill Cumorah, should discover many things which Judah's record (the Bible) intimates, but leaves somewhat in obscurity, especially those passages which relate to this continent. It is not strange,

either, that he should make diligent enquiry from that source of true information, to which he had unlimited access, as to the missing links, in order to make the historical chain of this choice land complete. Nor is it any wonder that upon receiving answer thereto that he should make the astounding statement, and that, too,

without any qualification whatever, that here, upon the continent of America, was the first home of man. That the Garden of Eden,

where Adam and Eve communed freely with the Holy One, was here. That here Adam fell. That Enoch's Zion was here. That

here Noah built the ark. That with Noah began the peopling of

other lands.

We will quote now from the sacred record as translated by * DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE. 643

Joseph Smith. About two thousand years B. C, at the time of

the confusion of tongues and the scattering of the people, a man by the name of Jared, his brother, and their families, under the direction and guidance of heaven, migrated to man's primitive for many centuries; but, in conhome—America. They dwelt here

sequence of their continued wickedness, they were finally exterminated. Their records were found by the Nephites, whose forefather,

Lehi, about six hundred years B. C, was commanded by God to

leave Jerusalem, with his family and others, and take up their line of March to the promised land. This colony landed on the

western coast of South America. The American Indian of today

is a small remnant of this Lehi family, who, at one time, numbered millions of people, as did the people of Jared.

The decree of heaven concerning this land from the beginning was, that whatsoever nation or people should possess it, they should serve God, or they would be swept off, when they were "ripened in iniquity."

How literally was this accomplished in Noah's day! Also in

the utter extinction of the people of Jared; as well as fulfilled in

the destruction of the Nephites and Lamanites. That decree is not

abrogated in the least degree, but shall remain in force, and will continue until the end of time.

Further, the Lord said to the brother of Jared: Whatsoever

nation shall possess this land shall be free from bondage and captivity, and from all other nations under heaven. Fifteen hundred

years later, when speaking to Nephi of the Gentiles occupying this land, he says: And this land shall be a land of liberty unto the

Gentiles, and there shall be no kings upon the land, for I will fortify it against all other nations. (See II Nephi 10: II, 12.)

From the above quotation, and others of a similar character, which might be given, we conclude that North and South America has a manifest destiny, requiring a peculiar fitness on the part of those who inhabit it, and that a special providence has hitherto guarded with a jealous care, and will continue so to do, every purpose of the Almighty concerning this land.

Two thousand years before Columbus made his discovery, the

Prophet Nephi says that he saw "a man among the Gentiles who was separated from the seed of my brethren by the many waters;'*

644 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

that the Spirit of God came down and wrought upon this man, "and he went forth upon the many waters, even unto the seed of my brethren, who were in the promised land."This evidently was

Columbus; although he did not recognize, much less acknowledge,

any divine inspiration. He only desired to demonstrate his pet

theory, that of circumnavigation. But, nevertheless, he was God's

chosen servant to accomplish a certain defined purpose, which he did, though unknown to himself. Nephi also saw that "the Spirit

of God wrought upon other Gentiles,"they following to this promised land. He further says that the Spirit of the Lord was upon these

Gentiles, that they prospered upon the land, that they were "white and exceeding fair."This also was literally fulfilled.

He beheld that their mother Gentiles came against them to battle;

but they were delivered by the power of God out of the hand of all other nations. This evidently refers to Great Britain in the onslaught she made upon the American colonies, for England was

certainly their mother.

We have now come to the memorable 1776, the very time when should be put to the test the prophetic utterances of Nephi, more than two thousand years ago, as to the intervention of heaven in behalf of the people (Gentiles) who were oppressed beyond further endurance, and that, too, by a kingly power, which heaven had decreed should not rule upon this land. We confidently assert

that under the inspiration of heaven, at this supreme moment, was formulated that immortal instrument, the Declaration of Independence, proclaiming to the entire world, but England more particularly, that the United Colonies had absolved themselves from all allegiance to the British crown, and that henceforth they were free and independent states.

I.presume that Thomas Jefferson, who penned (with the exception of a few interlinings by Franklin and Adams) the memorable

document, would claim no special heavenly inspiration in its preparation, although, as stated in the document itself,heaven was relied upon to support them in the accomplishment of this noble resolve. Nor

would the signers of the Declaration acknowledge that they were influenced by any particular heavenly inspiration, but rather that the twentvseven valid reasons contained in the document was the 'DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE. 645

only incentive which called forth their action. Neither did King

Nebuchadnezzar know, as nation after nation yielded to his military prowess, that God had declared by the voice of the Prophet

Jeremiah that all nations should serve this wicked king, whom God called his "servant,"when at the zenith of his greatness as the world's conqueror, God compelled him, because of his boastful arrogance, to dwell for a long time with the beasts of the field. It

was only after this humiliation that Nebuchadnezzar acknowledged and honored the King of heaven. Many others, and even wicked

men, all unconscious to themselves, have been employed as agents to accomplish certain purposes of our Father.

But to return to our subject proper. By this Declaration of

Independence a conflict was invoked that must terminate in liberty, or bondage worse than death. That heavenly agents watched carefully every move during that memorable conflict, need not be questioned; and that although more than one defeat was met with by

the gallant men who composed the American army; and although

disasters many were added to defeats. Also, in addition, the credit

of Congress gone, the national treasury bankrupt, the army illfed, illclad and unpaid. And while pitted against millions of money,

and more than a quarter million of welldisciplined marines and troops; yet victory came at last, after six years of the most desperate struggle. A victory of far greater value, and more highly

prized (because so dearly bought) than it would have been if without a struggle the goal had been reached. All was controlled,

suffered and consummated by the unseen hand of a divine Providence.

Will the people of in the America—Gentiles as we are named

of this land, in order that they maytext quoted—serve the God

continue to possess it? or will they jeopardize their national existence, as well as their individual existence, by iniquitous practices?

These are questions pertinent to the subject before us. I

make bold to assert that no outside nation, nor combination of nations, will ever achieve a national conquest on this soil. If disruption and disintegration should ever occur, they will come from

internal sources, and not from a foreign foe. And if that comes

cause, and one cause only will producewhich heaven forbid—one

the wreck.

It was God who established this nation by divine inspiration.

646 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

He it was who defended it against a powerful foe. It is he who

has sustained it up to the present. Let us see to it that we offend

him not by a "ripened iniquity."

A DREAM.

(For the Improvement Era.)

I dreamed I saw two fair young lives

Come from the throne of Grace;

They took upon them mortal mould,

Eaeh fair of form and face.

One winged its flight to stately halls;

One, to a lowly cot.

One chose the joys and wealth of earth,

And one the pauper's lot.

I saw the two walk side by side.

Through childhood's flowery gate;

I saw the two emerge at last To manhood's fair estate.

And he who sought the stately halls

A life of pleasure led;

But he who chose the lonely cot.

Toiled for his daily bread.

Unfair, 1 thought, that one should have

All wealth and power by birth:

Forgetting there are greater things,

Than powers and pelf of earth.

The scene changed to a justice court:

The judge, the pauper mild;

But he who stood to answer guilt,

Was fortune's pampered child.

And then I saw that God was just,

That all his deeds are right;

That oftentimes the brightest day,

Succeeds the darkest night. W. S. Phillips.

Weston, Idaho.

CONVERTED BY SIGNS.

BY WALTER M. WOLFE, ASSOCIATE EDITOR OF THE "MILLENNIAL

STAR,"LIVERPOOL, ENGLAND.

It is only while in a state of purity itself that any church or creed can hope to win disciples by its intrinsic merits. Faith begets faith, hope begets hope, and love, love. The man who fails

tq keep the entire law cannot preach that law effectively. If he

attempt to do so, something will arise that will brand him as a hypocrite. The very disregard of law shows a lack of faith. If he

keeps one law and disobeys another, the one that is slighted will inevitably rise in judgment against him. Hence, men often try to

evade the commands of God by substituting some scheme of their own for obedience. Faith, hope and love cease to be factors in the

evangelization of the human race, and a method of promulgating doctrine and creed has to be employed.

There came a time in the history of the Formerday Church when, through the disobedience of those who professed the gospel, the Church, as it had been established by the Savior and his apostles, lapsed into apostasy. The beauties of Christ's teachings

could no longer be used to attract honest souls to it, because the teachers themselves did not practice the virtues which Jesus inculcated. So another means of proselyting became absolutely necessary to widen the field of Christianity, to increase the number of

converts, and to place all the people of Europe under one spiritual overlordship, that of the pope.

The sword might be effectual under such generals as Belisarius and Clovis, but the sword, save the sword of the Spirit, was not a Christian weapon. Even in the cruel centuries that followed

the era of Constantine, men did not quite forget that the gospel 648 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

should be a gospel of peace. Faith as an element of conversion

being lacking, and the sword being discredited, the only recourse left was to miracles and signs; and these were the means that, for

more than a thousand years, were used to bring individuals and even nations into the fold of the church. Instead of signs following those who believed, signs preceded and were made the foundation of belief. Without the miracle there was no faith, and faith

that is based solely upon miracles must need have fresh supply of the miraculous constantly, in order to keep it alive. As signs increased, faith waned; and when the reason of men obtained mastery of their credulity, there arose an intellectual revolution against

the teachings and practices of the dominant church that eventually led to a spiritual reformation.

For more than twelve hundred years prior to the organization of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints the now familiar verse, "If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of God, or whether I speak of myself,"seemed to have been expurgated from the Bible. At all events its significance was utterly lost sight of. Men obtained their knowledge of

religion not of themselves, nor for themselves, but only on the testimony, in a great majority of cases traditional, of others.

There was incentive neither to acceptable work nor to implicit faith. Man was contented to go along taking for spiritual bread

of what had been donetlie barren stone—the myths and legends

generations before."

These traditions belong not alone to the old world, nor to any one race of people. Wherever the great Catholic church has gone,

there she has taken her tradition, for to her, tradition is sacred, and tradition has in every case been transformed so as to adapt itself to the immediate needs of the people with whom it has to do.

There are legends of mighty events whereby the whole trend of history has been changed, legends that have almost become history, such afe the appearance of the fiery cross in the heavens to the Emperor Constantine, and Clovis'miraculous victory over the

Burgundians. There are other tales so manifestly improbable that

they have been almost forgotten, save by the more superstitious who still make pilgrimages to Lourdes and Loretto. A third class

of traditions contain in themselves an element of truth that exCONVERTED BY SIGNS. 649

aggerations, the natural result of time, and the desire of the priests to foster a belief in the miraculous, have so distorted that it has almost been hidden. Yet these legends of homely origin, told in

simple language, have had a heartpower to win souls that the more mighty miracles did not possess. The one filled the human

breast with awe, the other with love; and love has always been the

most powerful and effective weapon in spiritual conquest. Two of

these folklegends that are little known are here given; the one

deals with the Christianization of the Angles in Northumberland, the other with the conversion of the Zapotecs in Mexico. Both

come to us from monkish sources.

For a long lime after the Saxons of the Thames valley had been converted to Christianity, the Angles to the north of England refused to receive the new religion. They clung to their old gods

with a tenacity that was worthy a better cause, and it was only by a sign that their hard hearts were changed and they received the gospel as it was brought them from Rome by Paulinus. It happened in the early part of the seventh century that Edwin, the

rightful heir to the throne of Deira, was an exile in the house of -

Rsedwald, the king of the East Angles; and while he was there

thelfrith, who had usurped the kingdom of Deira, sent to Rsedwald and demanded his life. At first Rsedwald refused to betray

his guest, but afterwards, when thelfrith had sent the third time and now threatened to come into East Anglia with an army. Rsedwald consented to give up Edwin to his enemy.

Now, Edwin had a friend who heard what Rsedwald had said to the messengers of thelfrith. So he went to Edwin in his

chamber (for it was the first hour of the night), and he said, "Come forth out of the house."So Edwin came forth out of the house,

and his friend said unto him, "Lo, Rsedwald hath promisedto slay thee. Follow me, therefore, and I will lead thee out of this land

and hide thee where neither Rsedwald nor.Ethelfrith can find thee.''

But Edwin said, "I thank thee well, but I cannot follow thee. I

have sworn to Rsedwald that I will dwell in his land, and I may not go back on that I have spoken."So his friend went his way, and

Edwin sat alone on a stone before the house, and his heart was very sorrowful, and he knew not what to do or whither to turn Mm. 650 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Then there came a man and stood before him, a man of strange countenance and clad in strange raiment, such as Edwin had never before seen, and Edwin was afraid. Then said he, "Wherefore dost

thou, while other men sleep, sit thus alone and sad on a stone before the house?"And Edwin answered, "What is it to thee whether

I abide this night within the house or without it?"Then the

strange man answered and said, "Think not that I know thee not who thou art, and why thou art sad and sleepest not, and why thou sittest thus alone before the house. For I truly know thee,

and I know what evils they are that thou fearest lest they should come upon thee. But tell me what reward wilt thou give unto him

who shall free thee from thy sorrows, and shall persuade Raedwald that he shall not do thee any harm, nor deliver thee into the hands of them who seek thy life?"Then Edwin answered and said, "All

that I have will I give as a reward to him that will do this thing for me."Again the stranger said, "And what wilt thou do, of a

truth, if a man shall promise thee, of a truth, that thou shalt smite thine enemies and reign in their stead, and shalt be a mightier king than were any of thy forefathers?"And Edwin replied, "Yea,

verily, if a man shall do this thing unto me, I will give him such a reward as shall be fitting for his good deeds."Then the strange

man spake unto him the third time and said, "Yea, and when this thing hath come to pass, and when thou sittest on thy father's throne, what wilt thou do if he that promised thee all these things shall tell thee of a new life and of a new law, better than any that thou or thy fathers have known? Wilt thou then believe him, and

obey him, and do such things as he shall speak unto thee for thy good?"And Edwin answered and said, "Yea, verily, if such a man

shall deliver me out of my sorrows, and set me on my father's throne, I will believe him, and obey him in all things whatsoever he shall say unto me."Then the strange man laid his hand on Edwin's

head, and spake unto him saying, "When this sign shall come unto thee, remember this night and thine own words, and delay not to do that which thou hast promised."Then the strange man vanished out of Edwin's sight, and he saw him no more, and he said in

his heart, "This is no man, but rather one of the great gods, or one of the kind elves that has spoken with me."

So Edwin sat alone before the house, and he rejoiced greatly

CONVERTED BY SIGNS. 651

in his heart at that which the strange man had said unto him, and he wondered who the man might be and whence he had come. Then

came forth the friend who had before spoken to him, and he came with a joyful countenance and said, "Rise up, and come into the house, and lay aside thy sorrows, and let thy limbs rest in sleep, for the king's heart is changed, and he will do thee no harm, but will keep the promise that he hath sworn unto thee."

Afterwards Rsedwald and Edwin fought with Ethelfrith and his army, and slew him, and Edwin did indeed sit on the throne of his father and become the greatest king in all England. He married a wife who was a Christian, and her priest, Paulinus, spake

with him often about the gospel of Christ, but he would not accept it. Years after, when all the kings of the West Saxons were subject to Edwin, and there was peace throughout the land, he was

sitting by himself one day and pondering upon the things that

Paulinus had told him. Then came Paulinus to him and laid his

hand upon his head, and said, "Knowest thou this sign?"And Edwin trembled and fell at his feet. Then Paulinus stretched forth

his hand and lifted him up, and said unto him, "Be of good cheer,

Edwin; the Lord whom I serve hath delivered thee out of the hand

of thine enemies whom thou didst fear, and he hath given the kingdom which thou didst desire. Defer not then to do the thing

which thou didst promise."Then Edwin knew that it was he who

spake to him by night, as he sat at the gate of the house of Rsedwald, and he believed.

When the king was converted, the work was really done. Edwin called a council of his wise men and told them all that had

happened to him, and they believed also. So, as the result of a

sign, all the folk of the north of England became Christians and were baptized, as was Edwin their king. In honor of his conversion, Edwin built a great church of wood in his capital city of York,

and he made Paulinus bishop of York. Afterwards a mighty church

of stone was built called Yorkminster, and today it is, next to the cathedral in Canterbury, the most important church in old England.

We often think of the inhabitants of Mexico at the time of the conquest, with the exception of the Aztecs, as a barbarous people, and yet the tradition of the conversion of the Zapotecs will compare very favorably with the AngloSaxon legend given above.

652 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Midway between Oaxaca and Mitla, in the state of Oaxaca, is the little village of Santa Maria del Tule, famous for its big tree, which is said to be the largest in Mexico. It shades the greater

part of the churchyard, and is an object of veneration to the Indians. When Alvarado commenced his southward march of conquest, it was beneath this tree that the Zapotec princes met to

consider plans for resistance. It had been their council tree for

generations. The new faith was exceedingly hard for the Zapotecs

to accept. Had they been allowed to retain their old religion, they

might have yielded fealty sooner. As it was, neither mailed warrior or blackrobed priest produced much effect upon them. One

evening after the council had dispersed, a blind man came to rest under the widespreading branches. As he sat, he became aware

of a presence near by, and a melodious voice asked him if he wished to receive his sight. Naturally he replied in the affirmative. His

visitor then informed him that she was the Blessed Virgin, the protector of the Christians, and that if he would believe her and obey her commands, he should see. The Indian made all the necessary

promises, whereupon his eyes were touched, and looking up, he saw a being of such celestial brightness that he fell to the ground in a swoon. The Virgin raised him to his feet, and bade him go to the

priests and princes of the Zapotecs, who had known him in the days of his affliction, and tell them who had healed him, and preach to them the religion of Jesus and Mary. It goes without saying

that, by this miracle, the tribe was immediately brought to a sense of its lost condition, and the priests were kept as busy baptizing converts as they were in the days of Clovis, the Frank. A church

was built close to the tree, and Santa Maria del Tule became the patroness of the Zapotecs. Pilgrimages are made here by blind Indians, but, during our short stay in Tule, we could get track of no

authenticated case of healing in this generation. Still the faith of

the Indians is unshaken.

For both the story of Edwin and that of the blind Indian there might have been originally the shadow of a foundation, but, as was the case with the ancient classic myths, by being repeated from generation to generation, the tale increased until the predominating element, instead of truth, was fiction, and it was the fiction rathe-5'than th. <,rath. that possessed the power of attraction. It

CONVERTED BY SIGNS. 653

is not at all improbable that each of these legends is the result of what was at first considered harmless exaggeration. The Latterday Saint is privileged to see many marvelous manifestations that

to the world are truly miraculous. As these sacred things are

talked about and pass from mouth to mouth, there is, among too many of us, a tendency to make the tale as large as possible, and if this practice were continued, there would be constantly arising stories that would have to be corrected, traditions that would have to be disavowed. It is sufficiently easy, even under the most favorable conditions, for the Saint to lapse into the errors and evils

of the world, and it is devoutly to be hoped that a tendency to exaggeration will not lead to a copying of the world by turning special blessings into mere tradition, and making them the subject of idle gossip. The manifestations which are enjoyed by the people

of God are the results of faith and obedience, and are not given to make converts, and they can never be considered with the tradition, innocent though they may be, by which the churches of the world have too often been built up.

TO MAN.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Planted as thou art, amidst a moving universe,

Catch thou the tread, and linger not behind!

List to the echoes, as the Gods converse,

Thy soul shall be attuned; so, too, thy mind.

Stretch forth thine hands, (permit, we call them five).

Gather with them all. To squander? Nay, to hold

And crown thy inner brow with truth to live.

Then weave them into garments pure as gold.

And as thy glorious thoughts, clothed as a dream.

Rush on amid the current from above,

Let the uncomely traits be drowned beneath the stream,

Thy soul be wrapped in swaddling clothes of love.

James Nielsen.

THE BIBLE.

THE KING JAMES TRANSLATION—A COMPROMISE.

BY FREDERIC CLIFT, M. D.

this word when applied to reInspiration—we understand by

ligious matters that the mind is impressed by Divinity with certain thoughts which the individual expresses in his own words, either eduverbally or in writing. He does not lose his personality—the

cated man expresses the same thought, but in a different language, to that used by the uneducated. Contrast the four Gospels and

the Acts of the Apostles. The language of the latter shows that

it could not have been written by the authors of three of the Gospels, whilst its similarity of expression, and the use of scientific terms, identifies it with the author of the Gospel of St. Luke who,

we are told, was a physician. So, too, when we compare the writings of St. John with those of other writers in the New Testament,

we find that his Greek is that of the more educated class, whilst the others wrote in the provincial Judaic or Hellenistic Greek.

The Christian world considers the Bible to be the one and sole revelation of God. It contains the history of man from his creation and fall to the redemption wrought out by Christ; and a short

history of the founding of the Church, as also a prophetic forecast of the future. They assert that direct inspiration by the Almighty

has ceased since the year 97 A. D., and that God no longer employs prophets through whom to reveal his mind and will to his

people; and this notwithstanding he declared by the prophet Amos,

"Surely the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret to his servants the prophets."

In 397 A. D., the socalled church of that day established

what is known as the Canon of is, the bishops, Scripture—that

THE BIBLE. 655

under the inspiration and by permission of the Roman emperor, assembled at the Council of Carthage, in that year, and decided which of the then existing numerous Hebrew and Christian writings should be received as inspired scripture. They rejected all other

writings as uninspired, and thus arose the collection of sixtysix books known as the Bible. The reception or rejection of each book

was decided by a majority vote in each case, and history records that St. John's book of Revelation was only included by a bare

majority of one. The inspiration, if any, given to the compilers

must have been somewhat meagre, if it had not already departed.

We can picture the acrimonious discussions which took place, from the spirit which pervaded the socalled councils of the church, at the beginning of the Roman usurpation. The Lord hath said, *'My

Spirit shall not always strive with man,"and this council seems to mark the time of the absolute departure of the Spirit of God from the church, as a whole. There were individuals who sought the

Lord and obtained blessings, but the apostasy of the church was complete from that time, for they had rejected many precious truths; and later, we find Luther rejecting several books of the

New Testament, including the Epistle of St. James, because the

doctrines taught therein did not agree with his philosophy. The

time had come when men "would not endure sound doctrine"(II

Tim. 4:3).

The majority of the Christian world admit that the individual authors of the various books of the Bible were divinely inspired, and that the books, as written by them in their respective dialects, are true and authentic writings; but the Latterday Saints, whilst

proclaiming the inspiration of Paul and others, do not admit that those who copied and translated the original manuscripts into other languages were also inspired. Before the days of printing, errors

necessarily occurred, and were passed over by successive scribes, each copying or endeavoring to correct the mistakes of his predecessor, and adding some of his own. The originals were lost or

destroyed during the early Christian persecutions. The three earliest known copies only going back to and ranging in date from 300

to 450 A. D. These three manuscripts, or copies of the books in

their original tongues, are: 1. The Vatican, or Codex B. 2. The

Sinaiatic or Codex Alept. 3. The Alexandrian, or Codex A. The

656 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Vatican is to be found in the Roman Catholic library at Rome,

The Sinaiatic is one of the treasures of the Greek Catholic church, in St. Petersburg; and the Alexandrian belongs to Protestant England, and is kept at the British Museum. The latter was presented

to Charles I. by the Patriarch of Constantinople, in 1628, seventeen years too late to be of use in preparing the King James'translation of 1611.

In addition to these manuscripts, we have what are known as versions, 2;i2;., translations made from the original Hebrew, Chaldaic,

and Greek, into the various languages of Christendom, one of the most important being that knowm as the Latin Vulgate. This was

made by St. Jerome, about the end of the 4th century, and is that

from which the Roman Catholic translations, used in English speaking countries, and known as the Douay and Rheims versions, were made in 1582 and 1609. Bede, the Anglo Saxon historian, 735

A. D., was one of the first to translate the Bible, or portions of it,

into the language of our forefathers. The first English translation

by Wyclif, 1383, was based on the Latin Vulgate, and of this one hundred and seventy original copies are still in. existence.

Then came the printing press, in 1450, with the revival of Greek learning in Europe, resulting in the publication by Tyndale of several editions of his translation of the books from the original

Greek, about the year 1530, or three hundred years before the publication of the Book of Mormon. To those interested in comparing these translations with those of subsequent date, it may be

noted that the Gospels and Epistles in the first prayer book of Edward VL, are taken direct from Tyndale's translation, whilst the

Psalms, in that and the present prayer book of the Episcopal church, are taken unchanged from the Great Bible of Henry VHI.

These were followed by other translations, at short intervals, until the publication of the Genevan Bible, in 1560. This translation

was dedicated to Queen Elizabeth, and, during Puritan times, became the standard Bible. The following, a copy of one of the

notes in that Bible, clearly indicates its Calvinistic origin, and shows that Episcopal dislike to it was not unwarranted, from their point of view. Commenting on Rev. 9: 3: The locusts that came

out of the bottomless pit are explained as meaning "False teachers, heretics and worldly, subtile prelates, with Monks, Friars, Cardinals,

THE BIBLE. 657

patriarchs, archbishops, doctors, bachelors, and masters of arts, which forsake Christ to maintain false doctrines."In 1568, appeared another translation which was ordered to be read in the

Episcopal churches. It was known as Parker's or the Bishops'

Bible.

At the beginning of the reign of King James, these two Bibles

Bible of Henrywere in general use, whilst a third—the Great

still chained to a stone or wooden desk in many of theVIII—was

English country churches. Smyth, in How we Got Our Bible,*'

tersely sums up the position: "The latter was antiquated and

cumbersome, the Genevan, though a careful translation and convenient for general use, had become, through the Puritan character of its notes, quite the Bible of a party, while the Bishops'version, a very inferior production, neither commanded the respect of the scholars nor suited the wants of the people."

In January, 1604, a conference of bishops and clergy was held, under the presidency of King James himself, at Hampton

Court Palace, to consider certain alleged grievances of the Puritan party in the church, at which it was proposed that a new translation of the Bible should be made. King James favored the project.

He did not conceal his dislike for the Genevan Bible, and in authorizing the preparation of the new Bible he directed, "that no notes should be added, having found in those which were annexed to the

Geneva translation some very partial, untrue, seditious, and savoring too much of dangerous and traitorous conceits."The following note shows the temper of both parties at the time. In Exodus

I, where the conduct of the Hebrew midwives is described, and who it is stated, "did not as the king commanded, but saved the men children alive,"the Genevan margin declares "their disobedience to the king was lawful, though their dissembling was evil.""It is

false,"cried the indignant advocate of kingly right; "to disobey a king is not lawful, such traitorous conceits should not go

forth among the people."On'another occasion the king exclaimed

* I am indebted for many thoughts and quotations to this small volby Pott Co., New York, Our missionaries wouldume—published

gain much useful information from its perusal.—F. C.

"Prsbyterianism agreeth as well with monarchy as God and the

devil."Such was the spirit of the times. Men were largely tired of

the wrangling of the two religious parties. Fiftyfour learned

men were selected impartially from High Churchmen and Puritans.

Fortyseven of them took part in the work, and in addition some who represented scholarship totally unconnected with any religious party. Pains were taken by the king who wrote a letter to

Bishop Bancroft charging "the bishops to inform themselves of all special skill in the Hebrew and Greeksuch learned men—having

tongues—that they send their observations * * * that so, our

said intended translation may have the help and furtherance of all pur principal learned men within this our kingdom."Marginal

notes were forbidden, except for the explanation of Hebrew and

Greek words. The translators were divided into six companies.

They carefully studied the then available Greek and Hebrew texts;

they used the best commentaries of European scholars, and the

Bibles in Spanish, Italian, French and German were examined for ny help they might afford in arriving at the exact sense of each passage. But, there was no Divine inspiration, except such as was

claimed for the councils of Nice, Carthage, etc.; and further, these

translators did not have the privilege of examining and comparing their work with the three earliest manuscripts. It was a bold

.effort on the part of man to put forward a Bible which should suit

the majority of the people of whatever religious party they might,be members. The sense having been found, "no pains were spared

,to express it in clear, vigorous, idiomatic English."Words were

inserted or interpolated without any corresponding equivalent in the original language, in order to elucidate or improve the sense, and oftentimes the meaning of a passage was strained that a smooth and euphonious rendering might be given. Its admirers

speak of its "grace and dignity,"its "flowing words,"its "masterly

English style;"and Father Faber, one of Rome's greatest converts,

wrote of this version: "It is part of the national mind, and the

anchor of national seriousness. Nay, it is worshiped with a positive idolatry, in extenuation of whose fanaticism, its intrinsic

beauty pleads availingly with the scholar."It must be admitted

that the translators did not hesitate to add words expressive of

THE BIBLE. 659

their own views, and to alter and transpose the language of previous translators, in order to obtain this "grace and dignity."On

the other hand, the Rheims and Douay translations are not so elegant, in their diction and euphony, but are more correct and literal translations, and, like Tyndale's, may therefore be frequently consulted with advantage by those not able to use the Hebrew and

Greek texts, for the purpose of clearing up the actual meaning of many passages of scripture.

Notwithstanding the Bible has been thus handled by various translators, one of the chief objections to the Book of Mormon is, that it is not translated into the elegant English of Boston or London. These same Christian objectors, who claim inspiration for

the authorized translation of King James, object to the most trivial verbal correction of the Book of Mormon, and adduce such correction, or the added "grace and dignity"produced thereby, as evidence of its fraudulent origin. How appropriate that those who

approve of adding "grace and dignity"to the language of the uneducated fishermen of Galilee, and converting their Judaic provincial dialects into "masterly English;"or who, again, in order to

bolster up a conception of the Godhead, hostile alike to sense and reason, approve of the interpolation of twentyfour words between the 7th and 8th verses of the 5th chapter of St. John's 1st Epistle

how appropriate, I submit, that these same followers of the Christ should use the selfsame arguments which have been adduced by nfidels against the truth of the Bible, when they, in turn, contend against the truth of the Book of Mormon.

It may be said that the spirit of compromise was the prevailing element amongst the translators of the King James version.

They knew that neither party would submit in Mo to the other, and there is evidence of an agreement to give and take. The vote

of the majority was to be accepted, and, as in the case of the acceptance of the Book of Revelation into the Canon of Scripture at

Carthage, so in the authorized translation, a single vote may have been sufficient to bring about the acceptance of renderings, the contentions in relation to which have since led to the building up of the numerous sects of Christendom. We may well tadie upon

ourselves the duty imposed by Tyndale in the preface to his own ranslation, "that if they perceive in any place that the version has 660 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not attained unto the very sense of the tongue, or the very meaning of the Scripture, or have not given the right English word, that they should put to their hands and amend it, remembering that it is their duty so to do."

As instances showing the position assumed in this article, let us consider the crucial doctrine of baptism. There were, at that

time, at least two parties holding different views. 1. The Catholic

(English and Roman) who believed in its absolute necessity, and that immersion was the primitive method of performing the ordinance, but asserted that the quantum of water was immaterial, and therefore allowed sprinkling or pouring. 2. The Presbyterians and

Puritans, on the other hand, who asserted that baptism was not a necessity, but allowed that a little water, more or less, would not do harm, anyway. Thus the Episcopalian English Prayer book instructs the priest, that, taking the child into his hands, "he shall

dip it in the water discreetly and warily,"but if certified that "the child is weak, it shall suffice to pour water upon it."In practice

Episcopalians of today act on the principle that all children are too weak to be dipped, and accordingly, without calling for a certificate, sprinkle them, unless, as sometimes happens, parents insist upon the ordinance being performed by immersion. Thus, although

theCanon law of the English church required immersion, yet, by the neglect to insist on the production of certificates of illhealth, and the unfaithful teaching of the clergy, there was, and even today there is, no strong opinion in that church as to the necessity for baptism by the canons of the church reimmersion—although

quire that it be done in accordance with the primitive pattern, set by Christ himself. When, therefore, such passages as Matt. 3:

1, 6, and 11 came up for translation, the revisors wer willing to leave it an open matter by translating the Greek word en in verses 1 and 6 by the word "in,"whilst the same identical Greek word in verse 11 is translated "with."If "with"is the proper translation

of the word en, then verse 1 would read "With those days came

John the Baptist preaching with the wilderness of Judea,"and verse 6, "And were baptized of him with Jordan."This would correspond with the King James translation of verse 11: "I indeed baptize you with water,"and consistency requires that the word en

should be translated by the same word in all three verses. The

THE BIBLE. 661

Greek language has two words meaning "with"viz.: meta and sun

neither of which however are used in verse 11. In the Rheims,

Roman Catholic Testament, and also in the American Standard

Revised Bible, of 1901, the words en udatos are correctly translated "in water."Thus modern and ancient translators agree, when they

throw aside their doctrinal differences, and seek only for a correet translation of the original Greek. Again in John 3: 5, where Christ

says, "Except a man be born of water and of the spirit,"we find the revisers use the simple genitive case sign, "of,"before the words, water and spirit; but a reference to the Greek shows that

not only was the genitive case used, but a special preposition governing the genitive was inserted before the word udatos, water. This preposition ek has the forceful meaning, "out of."

The same word is found in Matt. 2: 15. "Out of Egypt have

I called my son,"also in John 20: 2: "They have taken away

the Lord out of the sepulchre."The use of this special word emphasizes the fact that a man must first go down into the water in

order to come "out of"it, but the translators, by purposely or otherwise omitting it, weaken the esssential principle of the ordinance viz.; the immersion. The proper rendering therefore is,

"Except a man be born out of water and the Spirit."The Latin

versions are of great value, from the fact that the Greek and

Latin languages were both in general use by the civilized world, at the time when the scriptures were written, and at the time when no disputations had arisen as to the meaning of the Greek word baptizo.

The English translators, instead of translating this word by its primitive equivalents, viz.: "to dip""to plunge,"coined the word

"baptize,"and so introduced a foreign term into our language, which has since gradually lost its primitive meaning of "dip,"and is today held by the majority of Christians to permit of the ordinance being performed by sprinkling. The Latins, however, did not

import the word baptizo into their language, but contemporaneous writers translated it by the Latin word immergo which by all competent authorities is rendered into English by the words, "plunge into,""immerse""drown."Immergo never did nor can mean to

"sprinkle"or "to pour."On the other hand, the two Greek words

nipto or luo both have the generic meaning of "to wash"and may also be rendered "sprinkle"or "pour."The inspired Galileean

662 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

fishermen knew what they were writing and talking about, consequently they did not use either of these two words, when referring to the ordinance of baptism as instituted by John and our pattern,

Christ.

Again, the translators inserted words which formed no part of the original text. Take for instance, John 20: 1, "The first day

of the week."The Greek text contains no corresponding word for

is an interpolation pure and simple. Whilst the Greek"day"—it

word sabbaton is translated by the word "week."This word sabbaton is with one exception never translated "week"except in

the places in the New Testament in which the Christian Sabbath is referred to, viz.: the day following the Jewish Sabbath. These

places are: Matt. 28: 1, Mark 16: 2 and 9, Luke 24: 1, John

20: 1 and 19, Acts 20: 7, I Cor. 16: 2. The interpolations and

mistakes made by the translators in this connection, enable the

Seventhday Adventist to state, and make much of the fact, that

Sunday is never called a Sabbath in the New Testament; and persons who believe—as the Christian world generally does—in the

correctness and inspiration of the King James translation, are thus led to accept such statement as a fact, whereas if they consult other translations, e. g., Tyndale's, or the Emphatic Diaglott, they

will find that the Greek word sabbaton, in this connection, is correctly translated "Sabbath"; and so, one of the principal arguments

upon which SeventhDay Adventists build up their doctrine, falls to the ground.

Thus comparing Matt. 28: 1, in the King James, with a literal,

or word for word, translation, we must admit that "in the end of the Sabbath, as it began to dawn towards the first day of the week, came Mary,"is more euphonious and has greater "grace and dignity"than the literal rendering, "Now after the Sabbath, as it was dawning into the first of the Sabbaths, came Mary."

At first sight the meaning or distinction may not seem clear to the reader,"but if the word "Jewish is read before the word "Sabbath,"and "Christian"before the word "Sabbaths,"the meaning is clear and intelligible. Jesus had rested in the tomb during

the whole of the Jewish Sabbath, and rose therefrom early on the first of the Christian Sabbaths, viz., Sunday morning, the Lord's

day. A reference to the writings of the early Fathers of the

THE BIBLE. 3

church show this to have been the interpretation given by thoseliving nearest to the days of the apostles; and Bede, the AngloSaxon historian, in book 3, chapter 25 of his History, writing of

Eaatei/iay and St. John the Revelator, says, "And when that day

camithe Lord's day, then called the first after the Sabbath."

The word "then"refers to the time of St. John, and proves that in664 A. D. the Bible was better understood than it was a thousandyears later. ''',Liir//i>i ioi b-ui

From these examples it is seen that the d'ocMhe"6f Ibkptisiif by immersion has been weakened by mistranslations, and by the introduction of a foreign word into the English language, instead of its proper synonym or meaning; whilst an unauthorized interpolation

and mistranslation, as in the instances given in connection with the

Sabbath, has formed a basis for the building up of a sect. Hundreds

of such sects have been formed by private interpretations of unlearned men, who, while denying the possibility of new revelation, have accepted as inspired, a translation of the scriptures made by men.

This is not written in a spirit hostile to the King James translation, as a whole. The various books comprising the Bible were

written under the direction and inspiration of God, and the eighth article of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints declares that "We believe the Bible to be the word of God, as far as it is translated correctly."Our Father has given us the keys whereby

we can understand for ourselves; and where doubt occurs, let us

go back to the original or earliest copies, and with the aid of his

Holy Spirit, and through his living oracles—our prophets, seers and

arrive at the truth. The King James translarevelators—we can

tion was the work of fallible men; and I submit, from the instances

given, that in some points mistakes were made. We, as individuals

and as sowers of the word, must therefore follow Tyndale's advice—go back to the earliest available copies.

I believe it is important that our missionaries should thoroughly understand and appreciate the cause and origin of many of the mistakes made in what is considered the standard translation of the Bible, and thus be prepared to support in argument, if necessary, our eighth Article of Faith. Such knowledge largely explains

the present divided condition of the Christian world, each of the 664 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rival sects cryinp:, "Lo, here is Christ."The devil is the author of

all contentions and division, and although the translators of 1611, in their revision, endeavored to put forth a Bible which should be acceptable to the two great religious parties of that day, yet they failed to preserve peace, unity and concord. On almost every

page of the history of Christendom, there is evidence of the devil's handiwork. Wherefore, in the words of Micah, "The heads thereof

judge for reward, and the priests thereof t'each for hire, and the prophets thereof divine for money; yet will they lean upon the

Lord, and say, Is not the Lord among us?"

THE BABY'S LESSON.

She was only a goldenhaired little tot, barely two years old.

But she was so bright and quick, so dainty and sunny that when she was taken sick, the whole house seemed in mourning. "How

is baby?"asked papa, forlornly, as he came in at night. Dot heard

him, for the nursery was just at the head of the stairs, and the door was open. And back came a faint little voice, half pleading,

half laughing, half commanding, "Peak as 'oo do when 'oo're laughing, papa!"That was the baby's lesson, and the whole household

remembered it, even after Dot was all well again. It's hard to

make the voice cheerful, and the face sunny, at all times. But it is

pleasanter and more helpful for those around us when we do.

Selected from Herald of Union, Mammoth, Utah.

ADVENTURES OF A PIONEER.

EMBRACING THE STRUGGLES AND TRIUMPHS OF A

LONG AND BUSY LIFE.

BY HON. JOHN M. HORNER, OF PAAUILO, HAWAH.

III.—WEALTH IN CALIFORNIA FARMING.

In the beginning of January, 1850, my brother William came to me by the way of Panama, consuming six months time on the journey. By the blessing of heaven he escaped the cholera on the

isthmus; his shipmates died by the dozens. He escaped starvation

and perhaps a violent death, by a fair wind springing up and wafting them safely into Atapulco, at the critical moment when the ship's company were about to turn cannibals and cast lots to decide who should be eaten first. He afterwards heard that since he was

more fleshy than others of the company, they were going to make the lot fall on him.

My brother had also been bred on the farm, was young, (about twentyone) ambitious and very industrious. I received him as a

partner in my business. We worked and flourished together during the next four years, perhaps as no other farmers ever flourished

before in the United States, in so short a time. My experience,

my location, my estabhshed business, our skill and industry, to gether with the property I had acquired, all became capital in our hands. We worked them to the utmost of our ability, knowing

that we were almost the only farmers in the territory that year.

We knew, too, that there would be a good sale for all the produce we could raise.

Fortune is said to knock at least once at every man's door.

We looked upon this time and opportunity as the knocking at our 666 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

door; she found us at home. We opened the door and bade her

welcome, thankfully accepting her offer.

five hundred acres. We extended our fence, inclosing about

Farming what we could, we let to two tenants a part of our land to be worked on shares, the teams, seed, and tools'being supplied by us.

Our crop this year was comparatively large, and the soil being virgin, the product was of good quality. We bought out our ten.

ants at harvest time, paying them over thirty thousand dollars for their share of the crop.

Our gross sales this year approximated one hundred and fifty thousand dollars. Our onions sold for forty dollars per cental; tomatoes, three hundred dollars per ton; potatoes, one hundred and

fifty dollars per ton; and other things in proportion. This crop

was not grown and cared for on flowery beds of ease; help was

scarce until harvest time; the fencing was obtained at great expense and labor, as in 1849. As in that, so it was this year.

Some parts of the fence were weak, and had to be guarded; my

brother and self did the guarding. Help being plentiful in the

fall, this crop was gathered without loss. We established a commission house in San Francisco, under the firm name of J. M.

Horner & Co., to sell our own and others'produce. This movement served us a good purpose in this and other years. Thus

ended our farming venture of 1850. This year we purchased one

hundred acres of land at the landing, on the Alameda river, and laid out the town of Union City upon it. We made extensive

preparations for increasing our business in 1851. We bought

some excellent farming land near Union City, fenced, built upon, and farmed it, in addition to improving our home farm, which was ten miles away.

We bought teams, (horses, mules and oxen which had crossed the plains) imported agricultural implements from the eastern states, and iron fence and wire from England, for fences. By this

means, miles of fencing was quickly, but not cheaply, constructed, as each mile cost over one thousand dollars.

This year our crops were large, and a ready market was found for all we raised, though at reduced prices from former years, since farmers had multiplied. We secured by purchase the steamer

ADVENTURES OF A PIONEER. 667

Union to carry our produce to market. This year our gross sales

amounted to two hundred and seventy thousand dollars. Duringthe fall of this year, Professor Shelton, a botanist, held, in San

Francisco, the first agricultural fair ever held in California, to which I was the largest contributor. Some months afterwards I

received the following letter and a silver goblet (the largest premium) from the professor:

Jno. M. Horner, Esquire:—Although you were recently presented

with the accompanying testimonial of the public appreciation of your efforts to develop the agricultural resources of California, yet I cannot refrain from adding my individual congratulations to those so universally accorded by our fellow citizens; if it be but to assure you that I heartily participate in them, and fully recognize your right to the title of

pioneer in this branch of public industry. Sir, it is true that the premium was not awarded by me personally, nor by those who could be influenced by any preferences I may have indicated, but I have the consciousness of knowing that Messrs. Fremont, King, Snyder and Saunders,

whose pleasing duty it was to select the most worthy of the candidates for the honor, did nothing more than to echo the public voice in presenting you with this goblet. Take it, then, sir, no less as the evidence of

the public esteem, than as proof of my individual regard; keep it as a

memento of successful enterprise, and as a pledge of private friendship.

And believe that no member of your family, however remote may be his generation from our own, but will recognize it as an honorable token of the worth of his ancestor, with more pride and pleasure.

Sir, very truly.

Your friend and obedient servant,

C. A. Shelton.

San Francisco, 30th March, 1852.

The above letter is copied here, as a partial confirmation of my own statements.*

* John M. Horner, of San Jose, and George Q. Cannon of San FranCisco, have conferred a great favor upon Utah, by sending cuttings of

choice varieties of apple, pear, grape, gooseberry, etc., etc., to Governor

Young who will see that they are carefully treated.

Will Brothers Cannon and Horner and others forward cuttings and young trees of choice varieties by every seasonable mode of conveyance?.

Deseret News, March, 1856.—Extracts from

68 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We extended our agricultural operations in 1852, by purchasing more farming lands, fencing and placing tenants upon such as we did not wish to use ourselves. These tenants worked on shares.

After planting was over, I sent my brother back to New Jersey, on business, and he brought back with him my father and mother and all their children and grandchildren, two of my wife's sisters, and a brother, and some other, young people, some twentytwo souls. He arrived home safely, in the fall, and in time to take the

place he had left in the firm of J. M. Horner & Co., to sell our

large crop now ready for market. We continued our energetic

and prosperous career, buying more lands and farming them ourselves, or letting them to tenants, until our potato crop reached the enormous quantity of twentytwo million pounds, in 1853. We

had also in that year fifteen hundred acres of wheat and barley, besides cabbages, tomatoes and onions in quantities. California

had not only supplied herself with vegetables this (1853) year, for the first time, but she produced a large surplus which could not be sold, and was never sent to market.

Flouring mills not being sufficient in California at this time, we built one at Union City, with eight run of burrs, at a cost of eightyfive thousand dollars, and ground our grain and that of others.

Another agricultural fair was held in 1853, in which most of the first premiums were awarded to me. A fiftydollar silver pitcher,

for best flour in competition with seven other mills; a twentyfive

dollar silver goblet, for largest variety of vegetables; and several

smaller premiums were awarded me for best vegetables of different kinds.

We equipped and ran a stage line in connection with our steamer, as far up the valley as San Jose, twentyfive miles. Thus

completing a through passenger line from San Francisco to San

Jose. We opened sixteen miles of public roads, mostly through

our own land, and fenced the larger part on both sides.

These roads have never been changed, save to narrow them to sixtysix feet. We had fenced them one hundred feet wide, intending them for shade trees on both sides.

Money and other values increased rapidly in our hands, and, having more confidence in banks of earth than in money banks, we seldom permitted our deposits in the latter to exceed, at any one

ADVENTURES OF A PIONEER. 669time, thirty thousand dollars, before we started some enterprise,

or invested in real estate. However, the unsettled state of land

titles rendered investments in land almost as hazardous as depositing money in commercial banks, as we found to our cost. The United

States opposed all land titles, and requested proof of their genuineness to be made before its land commissioners, reserving the right of appeal to its district court, in the event the commissioners decided against the government; and to appeal again to its supreme

court, if the district court decided against it. Thus years of costly

law suits, and in some cases ruin to owners of land titles, intervened before final settlement. We suffered from the law's delay in

settling titles, and from squatters keeping from us, by force, a goodly portion of our lands, being encouraged to do so by the government; for as long as the government withheld final confirmation

the squatter continued to hold possession, however good the title.

We suffered more mentally and financially during these years from'the above named causes, than from all floods and fourfooted animals in former years.

When I arrived at the mission, all the mission land outside of the buildings and a small vineyard, was believed to belong to the Government, and was placed temporarily in the care of a Catholic priest, as agent. To him I applied for, and did rent, a small

piece of land, but when I commenced work upon it, I was met by an Indian who claimed the ownership or the right to use that land.

Upon inquiry of those supposed to know, I was satisfied he held a right there; but had no papers. So after that, I dealt with him,

instead of with the priest. I finally bought his claim for six hundred dollars, and raised my first paying crop upon this land. Before

my second crop was harvested, a merchant living near, brought to me a map of this land and what was claimed to be a provisional grant by Mexico to another civilized Indian. This annoyed me, but

as there were no records within reach, and, rather than risk a law suit, as I had a valuable crop growing upon the land, I acknowledged his claim, and paid him seven thousand dollars for it. I had

to borrow the money to do it. This was the first money I had ever

borrowed. I returned it in a few months.

The Indian, before selling to the merchant, had reserved a lifetime right of occupancy, but as he only wished to use a small 670 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

piece of the land, there was no conflict between us. After a few

years, he wishing to leave, I bought his liferight for six hundred

dollars.

While planting our 1850 crop, one Juan B. Alvarado and one

Andrew Pico, both exgovernors of California, under Mexico, sent an agent who presented to me a title or grant from the Mexican government to these gentlemen, of the whole exmission tract, containing thirty thousand acres, including my farm, which I had bought three times already, and wanted to sell me the whole. In

submitting these papers to lawyers, for their examinations, their opinion was that the grant was good. So there was no alternative

for us but to leave, rent, or buy. After considerable hesitancy on

our part, enquiry, and negotiation, we, in connection with George

B. Tingly, a lawyer, and E. L, Beard, a farmer on this mission

land, bought their claim for fortynine thousand dollars, for which we gave our joint notes to be paid at some future time. When

the notes matured, neither Mr. Tingly nor Mr. Beard were able to

meet their share of these obligations. I reluctantly paid the money.

Mr. Tingly deeded to me his share of the property, Mr. Beard

offered to deed me his share, but I permitted him to retain it. He

afterwards returned to me the money I had advanced for him.

Some time after, this grant was confirmed by the United States

Land Commission, and an appeal taken to the United States District

Court. While this title was being adjudicated, the squatters took

possession of much of these lands, particularly those inside of our fences, which were not cultivated. We realized nothing from these

lands, excepting from such parts as we had under cultivation. We

had fenced them at great expense, and were paying yearly five thousand dollars taxes. Confirmed grants in the lower court, with

good fences, did not constitute either ownership, or possession, according to the squatter's creed of justice and law.

Their creed appeared to be ''the good old plan, let those take who have the power, and those keep who can."No squatter would

buy, however cheap the land, as long as he could take by force all the wellfenced land he wanted, without cost to him, even the taxes on the land he occupied were paid by the owner of the

title.

What was further observed, the closer these squatters could

ADVENTURES OF A PIONEER. 671

get to San Francisco, the better they liked it; and if the land was

surveyed and staked into streets, blocks, and lots, the better, as then they could and did sell lots cheap to innocent parties.

We purchased nineteen hundred and fifty acres of a confirmed grant of excellent land bordering on Alameda River near Union

City, and paid for the same fiftyeight thousand five hundred dollars. We raised our heaviest crops on these lands, fenced and

farmed them, ourselves or by tenants. The above comprises all our

purchases of real estate, in what is now Alameda county, California.

The extent of our property in Santa Clara county was valued at nine thousand dollars. This property was received by us to settle

a debt.

In San Francisco county, we paid two hundred and eightyfive thousand dollars for five thousand two hundred and fifty acres of land adjoining the city of San Francisco, and expended nearly eight thousand dollars upon it in surveys, fences and other improvements.

One thousand and fifty acres of these lands we surveyed and staked into streets, blocks, and lots, extending the streets of San Francisco over it. It is now, and has been for over thirty years, a part

of that flourishing city. The above includes all our real estate,

and the price which we paid for it,which was purchased by us in California up to and including 1854. Our personal property consisted

of steamer Union, costing eighteen thousand dollars; a flouring

mill, costing eightyfive thousand dollars; a stage line, warehouses,

farm houses, stables, outhouses, thirty miles of fencing, costing nine hundred dollars per mile, farming tools, and livestock of good quality, and sufficient in number to enable us to plant and harvest our large crops in good season.

The above includes all the real estate and personal property, owned by us in California, in 1854, save it may be a large crop then upon the land.

From the above showing it may readily be conjectured, that I was a man of note, at that time, or at least a man of liberal means, in so young a state as California then was, and among so few people as it then contained. By the blessing of Heaven, we had

produced this wealth from the soil of a new and untried country, and no charge was ever made that we had acquired any part of it 672 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by speculation, or by overreaching our neighbors in trade. So the

credit due us was readily granted by all acquainted with the circumstances. We not only produced the wealth above referred to

from the elements; but at least double that amount had been produced, which we paid for labor, material and other expenses. After

1849, good farm laborers commanded seventy dollars per month with board. Mechanics were proportionately high. We employed

many of all classes; some employed by us saved their earnings, and

thus laid the foundation for the fortunes they afterwards acquired.

The position I held in the community at this time made me much sought after as an indorser of notes, a signer of bonds, and a loaner of money to the impecunious. As I had been raised in

purely a rural district of New Jersey, and was unacquainted even in theory with the "tricks of trade,"the unwise course of endorsing notes, or loaning money without adequate security, had never entered my head. I loaned and endorsed freely, hoping to do good

thereby. I have no recollection of refusing any one asking for an

accommodation, or requesting his notes endorsed, up to 1854.

Our worldly prospects at this time were bright, and our property was ample to gratify every wish, and was yearly increasing. As

I nor my brother ever drank strong drinks, smoked, gambled or dissipated in any way, no cloud of doubt ever crossed our mental visions, that our property should not always continue to increase, as we attended strictly to business.

Our crops were large this year. We viewed them as ample to

pay every indorsement and every obligation we had out, as well as to pay the expense of harvesting and marketing them. Our property was unencumbered, large, and our farming in full operation.

(to be continued).

AN EXPERIENCE.

BY DAVID B. ANDERSON, STUDENT IN THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

[Every person who knew the funloving and jolly nature of the late

Hon. Aaron F. Farr, a pioneer of the original one hundred and fortythree,

of 1847, and for a time judge of Weber County, a man of sterling character and sunny disposition, will readily believe the following amusing anecdote of him, related in an English composition exercise by this young student. Editors.]

A good many years ago the late Judge Aaron F. Farr, of

Ogden, had a flock of sheep, of which he was justly proud and careful. He used to send them to a pasture several miles distant,

every morning, in charge of two or three of his sons.

One evening, several of the old bucks came home covered with mud. When he asked his sons how it happened, they replied

that the sheep must have fallen into the spring.

There being a muddy spring in the pasture, he concluded that the bucks had been fighting among themselves, and had pushed each other in. But after that, they frequently came home in the

same condition, and his sons would never explain the cause, so he determined to learn for himself.

He followed the boys to the pasture, one morning, and hid in some willows, near the spring. Soon the boys brought the sheep

to a large tree, they themselves coming to the spring.

One of the boys got down on his hands and knees, at the edge of the water and morass, and jumped around. An old buck

saw him, and taking his actions as a challengesignal, madly rushed at him. But as soon as the sheep got dangerously near, the boy

quickly sprang aside, letting the buck turn sommersaults into the mud and water.

674 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Judge Farr then appeared and severly scolded the boys for acting in such a manner. He sent the boys home, telling them

that he would settle with them later.

The boys left him, but they did not go home. They hid

themselves behind some willow trees, as soon as their father turned his head. After they had gone out of sight, Judge Farr

had a good laugh to himself, to think how comical the old sheep looked, keeling over in the mud. He was a jolly fellow; he thought

he would like to try the same trick that the boys had worked, so he got down in the same place and manner as his sons had done.

Another old buck saw him, and came swiftly, head down, at him, but the judge was not spry enough to get out of the way in the nick of time! They both went sprawling into the mud together!

The judge pulled himself out, and timidly made his way for home, through the fields. Then it was the boys'turn to laugh,

and they did, to themselves, of course.

After that the sheep often came home covered with mud, but the judge said nothing further about it.

THE PROPHESIED EXODUS.

(For the Improvement Era.)

BY HENRY E. HORNE, OLD CASTLE, LEADVILLE, N. S. W., AUSTRALIA.

When Zion's Seer was soon to bear

The death of shame his Master bore.

He bade the suff'ring Saints prepare

To tread the wilderness once more;

And seek a refuge, hallowed.

Upon the Rocky Mountains'breast;

By living waters and by dead Proclaimed the Canaan of the West.

THE PROPHESIED EXODUS. 675

He died, but with the Saints, bereft,

His spirit sojourned in Nauvoo

To nerve the mighty leader left,

His more than human work to do.

And so, while ever to the goal

The dauntless Brigham led his band.

It was the star of Joseph's soul

They followed to the Promised Land.

By Jordan's vale, in silent awe.

They stood at last, their journey done.

And, filled with wondrous thoughts, they saw

The Salt Lake near the setting sun.

It seemed that solemn beauty rayed

From heaven, a foreshadowing Of the divine event they prayed.

The coming of their Lord and King.

Those pilgrims many years have passed.

Beyond their persecutors'power;

The harvest of their labors vast

The sons of Zion reap for dower.

The desert, that through them became

A garden, and the city fair They builded to their God, their fame

Through all the ages shall declare.

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN.

IX.—CHOOSING A VOCATION.

Ad; act in the living present!

Heart within and God overhead.—Longfellow.

Young men are always asking themselves the questions, What"shall I do? What am I good for? There is scarcely anything

they would not do to find out definitely what calling in life they are best adapted for, what pursuit they ought to follow. The difficulty, I am inclined to believe, is not nearly so great as they imagine; and a good deal of valuable time and thought is wasted hy

most young men in finding out what they are good for. I want to

point out, therefore a few things that it would be well to keep in mind while you are looking for a vocation.

One or two things, however, you must take for granted as certain, n their face. One is that you will have to do somethingThe world owes no one a living. If you would live, you must work.-

There is no premium on idleness; it is rather on work. The stamp

of approval is on the man who works, the brand of shame on the idler. He that will not work, says the Apostle, neither shall he

eat. The only road to growth, physical, intellectual, spiritual, iswork. The first lesson, therefore, which a young man must learn,

and which he must never forget, is, that if he would amount to anything in the world, he must toil hard and persistently.

The other thing he must take for granted is, that no one cant hope to do everything; though every one may hope to do something. The time is past for the "jack of all trades;"the day for

the skilled specialist is here. "What can you do?"asked a college

president not long ago of a man who had applied to him for a

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 677

;position as teacher. "Almost anything,"was the answer. And I

need scarcely add that the young man was not engaged. We enter too deeply into the heart of things now-a-days for the mere

skimmer to be of much use to the world. Division of labor has

been pushed into every department of human life, and he only succeeds who makes up his mind to do some one thing, and do it well.

here is an important and inspiring thought—if no manBut—and

may succeed equally well in several callings, it is certain, at least, that there is a chance for him to do well in some one. Every person can do something, if he tries hard, which no one else can do so

effectively. It is said of one man that the only thing he could do

was to balance two straws on the end of his nose; but he did that

better than any one else could: and this was a great triumph.

Still, there is the problem which you must solve: What am I

good for? The first answer that you are likely to get is, that you

are good for nothing. You may be told that you have no talent,

that you could not succeed in anything, and that you are fit for nothing but to hew wood and to draw water for your betters.

Don't believe a word of it. It is a suggestion from the devil, no

matter who says it, and is false. You are good for something,

and if you would do anything, you must believe that you can do it.

Nay more, you must believe that you can do it better than any one else. Depend upon it, there is nothing useless in God's world.

Having made up your mind that you must and can do something, though you will not be able to do everything, you are on the high road.

Two or three things, however, you must keep in mind, from now on.

In the first place, see to it that you have some higher motive than mere gain in choosing an occupation. Show, popularity,

wealth, more often than not, divert the energies f young men in their choice of a calling. The brass buttons of the street car conductor strike the eye of the school boy; but houses and lands,

pomp and display, fine clothes, and money to jingle in the pockets, allure too many young men. That is why some doctors, lawyers

and college professors would be in a more suitable vocation weeding the garden and raising potatoes; and also why there are "mute,

inglorious Miltons"and "guiltless Cromwells"in many a country 678 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

churchyard. Not all the gems have been picked out of the dark ocean

caves since Gray wrote the "Elegy;"nor have all the flowers blushing

on the desert ceased to grow there. Be sure, therefore, that your

heart and conscience, unreserved is in your work. It is not absolutely needful that you live, but it is needful that you live honorably. If you cannot find what you want, don't sit down and mope

do sopaething.about it; take the next best—but

Then, don't be always "looking over the edge of your work wanting your play to begin,"don't even take a peep, at least while y ou are working, at the thing you intend doing after a while. Do

now whatever you have to do. Put your whole heart into it, if it

is honorable; and if it isn't, quit before you get contaminated.

"Love furthers knowledge,"but it also furthers skill and usefulness. If you're a bookkeeper, don't jump from your stool at quitting time, like a tiger springing from the thicket; if you're a hodcarrier, don't leave the brick in the air when the whistle blows.

Otherwise, you will always remain a bookkeeper or a hod carrier, whereas, you might be the manager or head mason. (Don't think,

now, that I am talking of bookkeepers and brick layers; I'm speaking only about growth.) The thing needful here is to do the work

well. You can't do this well while your eye is on that. Boy! carry that bucket of water without spilling it; weed the garden

clean if you weed it at all; do your errand well, put all your intelligence and discretion into what you are doing now. Moreover,

don't be ashamed of your work, and think it would be more honorable to you to be doing something else. You must have a pride

in your own work, and in learning to do it well, and not be always saying, "There's this and there's that, if I had this or that to do, I

isn'tmight make something of it."No matter what a man is—he

worth his salt, if he doesn't do well in whatever he undertakes.

No doubt you have been wondering all along when I would tell you what you are to choose as a calling, and especially how.

The fact is, I don't think it matters much what you do. The whole

point is how you do it. Of course, there must be something in

adaptability. Some people doubtless can do this, others that. But

I doubt whether there is as much in individual talent as the world would have us believe. My opinion is that Shakespeare had something about him that would have made him great in any other than

TALKS TO YOUNG MEN. 679

the Elizabethan age, or in any other calling than the drama. And

so with Napoleon, Washington, Franklin and Lincoln, Milton and

Tennyson, Mozart and Wagner, Edison and Morse. They did

tried to do it better. their work well—better than others—they

And so it goes. As a general rule, anyone can do anything he

wants to do. Better dig one acre than scratch one hundred and

sixty. Better raise chickens and succeed, than have a farm and

fail.

Bye and bye, young men, if you will have done your work well, by which I mean put all your best energies into it, men will look around for you. You will have made a reputation. The day

may be long in coming, but it will surely come, and when it does it will be well worth your while.

I notice that in those great universities of the East, the presidents, when they had need of a professor, looked around for a man; and it did not matter much what department of work he

had been studying. If, for instance, a teacher of mathematics

were needed, and a man who had been working along the line of languages were chosen, no one thought anything about it. They

argued that if he had done his language well, he would do his mathematics well. The students were required to do a large amount

of careful, minute research work; and if they manifested ability in

any one study, it was probable that their training in that particular branch would enable them to conduct a course in a different department with equal care and scholarship. And so it will be with

you. People won't care much whether you've been doing this or

that; they will ask only how you have been doing it; and they will

ireason that if you've done that well, you will do this well.

task you are about Do your work, then, so well now—this very

when a person of reliability and workmanship is wanted now—that

every eye will instinctively turn towards you. Never mind the future: take care of the present, and all will be well.

SUGGESTIVE THOUGHTS FOR THE MILDLY

SKEPTICAL.

BY DR. J. X. ALLEN, OGDEN, UTAH.

III.

Whence does man derive his intelligence? There is an idea

prevalent, among skeptics and agnostics, that man is the highest product of nature, that there exists no intelligences higher than man, in any world discovered or undiscovered, that there is not any being in existence that surpasses him in either mechanism or in mentality.

Our forefathers believed that this earth was the allimportant world of worlds, that the sun, moon and stars were all secondary;

that is, were mere adjuncts to this earth, that they were made for our pleasure and convenience—mainly for light and ornamentation.

May it not be possible that the first proposition may turn out to be equally fallacious with the second? We now realize that instead of being the centre of the solar system, and of the universe,

the earth, is on a map of the heavens, something like what a fly speck is on a map of the world, almost too insignificant for serious consideration.

As there are worlds hundreds, nay, thousands, of times larger than the earth, is it not possible, yea even probable, that those giantorbs can be and are inhabited by beings as far in advance of us as we are in advance of the South Sea islanders? If there be

anything preposterous in the idea advanced, I, for one, do not see it.

And again, many of these mighty, distant worlds are allowed

THOUGHTS FOR THE MILDLY SKEPTICAL. 681

to be many times older than is our earth. May not the occupants

of those older worlds have a more extended experience than we have? We know that the arts and sciences advance from century

to century with us; and, judging the unknown by the known, may

we not, without doing violence to reason, suspect that an enlarged experience in an older, and far more noble world, may result in a superior intelligence?

It is wonderful to contemplate upon the many and great changes that have taken place in the thoughts and ideas of men within the space of a few hundred years: When Sir Isaac Newton

declared his belief that the sun was as much as five millions of miles distant from the earth, many astronomers thought that his mind was weakening. Five million miles! The distance was too

great for the mind to conceive of. We now know that it is nearly

twenty times that distance, and it is a very close neighbor, as compared with the great majority of the heavenly bodies.

Bacteriology was in its infancy, but a short time ago. Today,

the microscopist will show you living creatures, both animal and vegetable, a thousand times more minute than the ancients ever conceived of. It being demonstrated beyond all dispute that there

are innumerable living creatures, thousands of times more minute than the ancients ever dreamed of, is it not strongly presumptive that there may be living intelligences many times our superiors?

And now comes our question: Whence does man obtain his intelligence, which is so very far in advance of that of all other

earthly creatures? Let us look around for a short time. We have

seen that there are signs of life and intelligence in the most necessarily conscious intelligence, minute particles of matter,—not

but it is there all the same.

Somebody has said that all life is the same, differing not in kind but in quantity. May it not be the same with intelligence? A

man is not conscious when he is sound asleep, but he is alive, and will shrink from an irritant just as if he were awake. There is

much talk just now about subconsciousness. May there not be a

subconscious state? May not a sleeping subconscious condition

obtain in every molecule of matter, seeing that the molecules moor so precisely and methodically in forming crystals of the many elementary as well as compound substances? Yet, we cannot con682 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ceive of man deriving his superior mind from the mineral kingdom.

Neither can we conceive how it can come from the vegetable world; although we know the vegetable to be far in advance of

the mineral kingdom. Do we, then, get our superior minds from

the brute condition? Thousands of illustrations of animal intelligence can easily be called to mind, but it would be, simply, a waste

of time and labor to cite them, as every man with a reflective mind knows full well that all good comes from above, and not from below.

All life, whether animal or vegetable, is maintained by the rain and sunshine. I take it to be supramundane trinity—air,

axiomatic that man's intelligence is no exception to the rule.

I am aware that one man will tell you that our intellectuality is from parents through heredity, while another will say that it is absorbed or manufactured from the food we eat; while another,

that it is condensed experience, and that environment is the chief factor in making us what v/e are. I leave these statements to the

good sense of my readers, as a discussion of them would be too tedious for these pages.

Right here let me propound a few questions, one question under varied circumstances. Did you ever know of a boy, wishing an

education in the arts, mechanics or the classics, being put under the tutelage of a master more ignorant than himself? Are not

children brought up by parents wiser than themselves? Do schoolboards employ teachers less advanced then the pupils who are

committed to their charge? In every case, the good is from above.

The food we eat is manufactured by the vegetable leaves out of the air, rain and sunshine, with a small admixture of mineral dissolved in the soil by the waters from above. The very coal that

warms us in winter is, metaphorically speaking, crystalized sunlight! The very dews of heaven that make our glorious country so

fruitful and Edenlike, although their native home is the vast ocean, before they can administer to our lives and pleasures, are first lifted out of their native depths by the lifegiving rays of the father of light, to an elevation miles above terra Jirma, whence they descend to happify the children of men.

Do we exaggerate when we say that "all good comes from above?"I think not. You go to the spring for water, you know

THOUGHTS FOR THE MILDLY SKEPTICAL. 683

that unless there exists a fountain of water higher than the spring, the wherewith toyou will come back as you went—without

quench your thirst. You know that the spring is but the short arm

of an inverted syphon. Your city lady resorts to the hydrant to

replenish your water pail; but, were there not a reservoir situated

in a more elevated locality, you might twist the faucet until doomsday, for all the good it would do you.

Do you not think that the rule holds good with regard to the human intellect? I opine that there is, and of necessity must be,

a fountain of intelligence as much higher than man, as the heavens are higher than the earth, else our efforts to exaltation would be vain indeed. This fountain of goodness we call God!

I think I hear some simple one asking: "If there be a God

who is so very wise and benevolently disposed, why does he not teach us more? Why not advance us more rapidly in the scale of

being?"etc. While I would not undertake to defend the Father of

the human race, who is too powerful to need my feeble arm, nor would I presume to offer excuses for his conduct towards his children, he being too wise to need my infantile effort, yet, by way of suggestion, I will ask a question: Why don't you put your boy in

pants while he is still an infant? Why doii't you start your child

in the eighth grade, instead of in the Kindergarten? Why don't

you put the roof on your house before you secure the foundation?

Why don't you plant your grain before you prepare the ground, or why don't you grind your grain before it is ripe? And there are,

0, so many whys that I must stop, for eternity is too short to ask and answer one tithe of the whys, that spring up all around.

Dear reader, I must apologize for so long a talk, but my excuse is, if you will kindly accept it, I feel friendly toward you.

God, who made you, loves you, and I want you to believe that he is, and be reconciled to him.

A TRIP TO CUBA.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

I.—FROM NEW ORLEANS TO HAVANA.

Since the SpanishAmerican war, there has been a growing interest among the American people, in Cuba and its beautiful climate, as well as in the commercial advantages of the island.

The city of Havana may be reached by any one of three routes.

The shortest and most frequent voyage is from Tampa, on the coast of Florida. The distance is only about three hundred and

fifty miles, and may be covered in twentyfour hours. Vessels

leave this port three times a week, and carry those passengers who dread protracted voyages on the water. Every week a

steamer of the Morgan line leaves New York, whose port is one thousand two hundred and fifteen miles from Havana. During the

early fall and late spring, this route is preferred; besides, the service on the Morgan line is said to be the best. The fare from New

York to Havana is forty dollars, first class, and twenty dollars, second class; and it is declared by many that the accommodations

of the second class are as good as first class on the other steamers.

Travelers from the west and southwest go by way of New Orleans, from which city a boat of the Southern Pacific company -embarks every Tuesday afternoon at two o'clock. The distance is

six hundred and ninety miles, and is made in about fortyeight hours. During the winter season, travel is heavy, and berths must

sometimes be engaged weeks in advance. To meet the pressing

demands both of passenger and freight trafllic, extra steamers are frequently sent. From this port the fare to Havana is twenty dollars, return trip tickets thirtyfive dollars. The journey by way of

A TRIP TO CUBA. 685

New Orleans is of special interest because of the historical and social importance which attaches to that city.

The boat left on schedule time, and made its voyage down the

Mississippi, a distance of one hundred and ten miles in seven hours. The scenery on either side of the Mississippi to the Gulf,

is a flat, level lowland consisting of the delta deposits of the great river. Much of the land is cultivated by the negroes who live in

small frame houses along the river. The plantations do not exhibit

any special degree of thrift, and the lonely aspects of the surrounding country, which lies below the level of the river, is such as to make it habitable to the colored folks only. From the ship, the

monument on the battlefield of Chalmette may be seen, but this battlefield is not far south of New Orleans.

One interesting feature is the embankment on both sides of the levees which hold the water in the spring within river,—the

the limits of the stream and keep it from overflowing the lowland plantations. These levees are more than two hundred miles long

on both sides, and have cost the United States government millions of dollars. Just before the river reaches the gulf, it is divided,

but the main part of the stream is confined by levees within narrow limits. The result is that the stream is rapid and deep, and

scours the bottom of the channel so as to permit the largest ships afloat to pass on up to New Orleans. This navigable condition

of the river means much to the future of New Orleans, in view of the certain construction of the Panama Canal in the near future.

Near the river's mouth is the quarantine station where all incoming passengers must go ashore, and, if necessary, be fumigated by the extensive apparatus prepared for that purpose. During the late spring and summer, passengers from South American

ports are detained for weeks sometimes. Generally the doctor

feels your pulse, looks you in the eyes, and lets you go by.

The Mississippi is heavily charged with soil which is carried out into the gulf for miles. The stream of the river is then caught

by the gulf stream, and carried in an easterly direction to the west coast of Florida. It is there deflected southward and brought out

into the ocean by way of the Florida Straight, through which the

Gulf Stream rushes like a mighty river into the Atlantic. The

width of this stream is from fortyfive to one hundred miles, and 686 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

it flows at the rate of two and a half to five miles an hour. The

velocity is much greater in the center than at the edges.

The steamer was literally packed. When the bell rang for

supper, after we had been on the river for about five hours, there was a rush for the dining room. Not more than half could be accommodated at the first table, and there was much disappointment

and complaint. The stewart was patient and informed the passengers that such a mishap should not arise again, and promised them

that at all subsequent meals, everyone who cared to do so should be permitted to come to the first table. His calculations were accurate, for food went a begging all the way from New Orleans to

Havana after the first supper.

There was a strong wind from the south, and while it created scarcely a ripple on the river, it produced the wildest waves on the gulf. The ship was tossed about so suddenly and vehemently that

the passengers had little warning of what was coming. They rushed

for their berths, paying tribute to Neptune as they went. What

happened from the time the ship entered the gulf till it came in sight of Cuba, after a voyage of forty eight hours, is merely hearsay. It was known that all contention for first place at the table

had ceased, and solitude reigned everywhere. There were abroad

all sorts of people. Those who most interested the passengers

were American investors in lands and in commercial enterprises of Cuba. They had much to say about stockraising, the boom

prices of lands; and the small fortunes speculators had made in a

remarkably short time. It was evident that the American spirit

of adventure and speculation had found its way to the island.

On the afternoon of the second day, and after a rough voyage, the ship came in sight of land. To our left, the Morro Castle

rose high above the bay, a silent witness of many stormy scenes in

Cuban life. To the right was the picturesque city of Havana, with

low stone houses painted in a variety of colors. Soon we passed

the neck of the harbor and our ship anchored near the wreck of the Maine. There was a hasty examination of sanitary conditions

on the ship by health officers, and we were taken by a small steam launch to the shore.

The Cuban officers were courteous, and created no unnecessary delay or irritation among the passengers. Under Spanish rule it

A TRIP TO CUBA. 687

was necessary to have a passport in order to visit the island. A

fee had to be paid and an exaction was made that the person would leave within three months. A second fee was charged when the

passport was returned. There is really less annoyance in landing

at Havana than is experienced in New Orleans, where one is likely to run across a French official, who is often petty and unnecessarily exacting. At Havana there were a number of interpreters

and hotel runners. Some Americans have gone there to open

boarding houses on the American plan. The better hotels are quite

expensive. The rooms are airy, and the open dining rooms are

characteristic of tropical lands. Accommodations and service are,

of course, inferior to the better hotels in the United States. There

is a growing desire to speak English, for it is evidently seen that the tourist promises to be one of Cuba's best crops.

(to be continued.)

DOES AN EDUCATION PAY?

Does it pay to make lifelong friendship with bright, ambitious young people, many of whom will occupy high places later on?

Does it pay to become familiar with all the lessons that history and science can teach as to how to make life healthy and successful?

Does it pay to become an enlightened citizen, able to see through the sophistries of political claptrap and vote intelligently on public matters?

Does it pay to change a bar of rough pig iron into hairsprings for watches, thus increasing its worth to more than fifty times the value of its weight in gold?

Does it pay to experience the joy of selfdiscovery, to open up whole continents of possibilities in one's nature which might otherwise remain undiscovered?

Does it pay the sculptor to call out from the rough block the statue that sleeps in the marble, and which shall tell ths story of heroism and greatness to unborn generations?

Does it pay to have one's mentality stirred by the passion for expansion, to feel the tonic of growth, the indescribable satisfaction which comes from the consciousness of perpetual enlargement? Success.

SUNLIGHT.

{For the Improvement Era.)

BY T. E. CURTIS, SALT LAKE CITY.

I stood at yonder mountain crest

Above the dark and solemn vale.

That rolled out to the distant west

All restless in the fitful gale.

I heard the hostile skies applaud

The stormking, on his evil way,

Who spread his mighty wings abroad,

And held the flaming sun at bay.

Then flow'r-like, as I raised my view,

I saw the sullen clouds divide;

A golden flood came bursting through.

And fell across the mountain side!

And spread a picture on the plain

A symbol of the rival powers That operate the world, and fain

Would change these mortal lives of ours.

The clouds rolled backward one by one.

And the emerging scene was dressed

In all the glory of the sun.

From flow'ry vale to snowy crest.

And so it is from surf to crown;

We see the clouds of error furled.

Letting the light of heaven down,

Spreading its glory o'er the world!

RADIUM.

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, PROFESSOR OF GEOLOGY,

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

It is in response to a special request from the Editor of the

Era that the writer ventures to present a short article on this interesting topic; for he freely acknowledges that to him so little is

known regarding this new and strange element that to voluntarily appear in print on the subject would be presumptuous. The interest of scientists and of thinking people of all classes has been

aroused over the announcement of the discovery of a new element in nature, the properties of which appear to be not only marvelous and novel, but in some respects seemingly contradictory of our fundamental conceptions regarding matter and force.

Radium has been described as the most powerful of all known radioactive substances; it may be well therefore to enquire first

as to the nature of radioactivity in general. For nearly a decade

past it has been known that a few substances have the property of emitting continuously certain rays of force which act in some of their effects like light rays, though they penetrate bodies that are opaque to ordinary light. These strange rays act upon a photographic plate as does light; but the plateholder used with the

camera is no protection against them, for they penetrate the wood and hard rubber, and affect the plate as if it had been exposed uncovered. Even a casing of thin metal fails to stop these rays,

though thick metal, particularly lead, is an effective barrier to the passage of the rays for short periods of time. Furthermore, these

rays render the air and other gases through which they pass, powerful conductors of electricity. Unlike light, these new rays can690 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not be reflected or refracted by ordinary means. In 1896, Becquerel, a scientist of acknowledged ability, demonstrated that the

somewhat rare metal uranium, and all its compounds, emit these rays continuously. They are known as the Becquerel rays. A

radioactive substance, therefore, is one that is capable of spontaneously emitting Becquerel rays. By the labors of Schmidt, M.

and Mme. Curie of Paris, and Debierne, it has been proved that in

addition to uranium, other elements such as thorium, polonium, and the newly discovered actinium and radium are strongly radioactive-

Practically all of these radioactives are associated in nature with the uranium minerals, occurring therewith in quantity infinitesimally small. Polonium is found with bismuth in association

with uranium minerals; it has not been clearly proved that polonium is indeed a separate and new element. Actinium occurs with

elements of the alkaliearth group in uranium minerals, and radium is associated with barium in the same class of minerals.

In a general way the degree of radioactivity possessed by any mineral or mixture of minerals is in direct proportion to the amount of the radioactive element present. The discovery of radium was

facilitated by the knowledge of this fact. To M. Curie and his

talented wife is due the honor attached to this important discovery.

In 1898 Mme. Curie was engaged in research as to radioactivity among the elements. She demonstrated that but very few

elements are even feebly radioactive; but to her surprise she

found certain uranium minerals (notably pitchblende, or uraninite, and carnotite) to be more strongly radioactive than the contained amount of uranium would explain. This led to a search for unknown radioactives in the uranium minerals; and radium was

fullyfound—the only strongly radioactive substance thus far

proved to be a new element. As stated, it exists in very small

quantity in the uranium minerals; and moreover, the process of extraction is long, tedious, and expensive; the product therefore is

of high cost. In France, radium is obtained from the residues left

after extracting the uranium from pitchblende; and according to

M. Curie's statement these residues contain from two to three decigrams (three to four grains) of radium per ton. Much has been

said through newspapers and magazines regarding the fabulous

RADIUM. 691

cost of this rare product. Statements of cost at so much per ounce

or pound are practically meaningless, unless the intensity of the radium mixture is specified, as the radioactivity depends upon the actual amount of the radium element present. A prominent business firm dealing in chemical supplies recently offered the writer

ten milligrams (about fifteen hundredths of a grain) of radium barium chloride for three hundred dollars. This was guaranteed to

possess a radioactivity of one million; that is, it was a million

times as strong in radioactive properties as metallic uranium.

This cost is at the rate of nearly two thousand dollars per grain.

It is of local interest to note that the radium thus far prepared in America has been obtained from uranium ores found in western Colorado and contiguous parts of Utah. The material

mostly used is carnotite—a vanadate of uranium and potassium.

In the laboratory of the university of Utah the writer has obtained radium chloride by a comparatively simple treatment of a new vanadiumuranium mineral recently discovered in the Uinta mountains.

Radium, as an element, that is to say, separate and free from all combinations or mixtures, has never yet been prepared. It is

doubtful if any pure compound of this element has been produced.

The radium product as prepared is really radium chloride mixed with barium chloride, the radioactive intensity increasing as the contaminating barium salts are removed. Radiumbarium chloride

of one million five hundred thousand intensity as compared with the uranium standard has been prepared.

As to the properties of this newly discovered element, not much is yet definitely known, but the little already proved is sufliciently astounding. Radium is known to emit spontaneously and without

cessation, both light and heat, besides other rays of force not directly observable by the unaided senses, but even more remarkable than the readily recognizable light and heat.

A photographic plate, enclosed in the tightest of plateholders, or protected against light as are the X-ray plates by wrappings of orange and black papers, is affected as if exposed to daylight, when a tube containing a radium compound is brought near, even though the tube be hermetically sealed. The rays so

emitted pass through the walls of the sealed tube and penetrate 692 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the wrappings of the plate or the hard rubber slide of the plateholder. Metals are less readily penetrated by the radium rays

than are most other bodies; if therefore metallic objects, such as

coins, keys, pieces of sheet lead, etc., be placed between the radium

tube and the plate, a picture of these objects appears when the plate is developed in the usual way. Such a picture is in reality a

shadowgraph, the part of the plate protected by the metal piece being unaffected by the radium rays, while the unprotected parts are acted upon as if by light. To produce such a picture, an exposure of hours, days, or weeks may be required, according to the

radioactive intensity of the radiumbearing material.

Now, as stated, uranium and other radioactives, behave in a similar way. Radium, however, emits not only Becquerel rays,

acting through glass, paper, etc., but, in addition thereto, emanations of substance analagous to a highly attenuated gas, which

emanations do not penetrate solid bodies, but which may be conducted through a tube as may any gas. The writer has produced

scores of shadowgraphs as described, using radiumbearing material of low intensity obtained from Utah minerals; and has also

produced pictures by the emanations from the same material, by employing the following simple process: A glass bulb containing a

small amount of radiumbearing chloride was placed inside a thickwalled cylinder of lead. The cylinder was closed below by a base

of thick lead, and above by a lid of the same material. The lid

was perforated to admit the end of a glass tube about six inches long bent at a right angle; the inner end of this tube was attached by hermetic sealing to the bulb containing the radium. The

tube was bent downward near its outer end, and was secured in the mouth of a bottle by a tightlyfitting rubber stopper. Inside this

bottle a photographic plate was placed, properly protected by opaque wrappings against any possible effect of ordinary light; on

this plate, outside the paper wrapping, a disc of metal v/as held in place by a rubber band. Plates similarly prepared were placed

inside the lead cylinder, and others were held in place on the outside of the cylinder. After an exposure of a few days, during

which the apparatus was kept in a lighttight box, the plates were developed. Of course, the plates from the inside of the cylinder

showed the usual shadowgraphs—due to the radiations from the

RADIUM. 693

radium inside the bulb, which radiations had to penetrate the glass walls of the bulb and the several layers of paper covering the plates. The plates held in contact with the outside of the lead

cylinder showed no picture, plainly proving that the radiations had failed to penetrate the leaden walls. But the plate from the

bottle showed the strongest picture of all. This effect must be due

to the emanations of actual substance from the radium passing through the twicebent tube, and reaching the plate in the bottle.

Radium compounds of high intensity emit light rays continuously. Of this phenomenon M. Curie has written: "The salts of

radium are spontaneously luminous. It might be said that they

make themselves luminous by the action of the Becquerel rays they emit. Anhydrous chloride and bromide of radium are the

salts that give the most intense luminescence. They may be obtained so luminous that the light can be seen in full daylight. The

light emitted by the salts of radium recalls in tint that from a fire fly. The luminosity of the radium salt decreases with time without ever completely disappearing, and those that were colorless at

first become gray, yellow or violet."*

Many substances, both mineral and organic, become luminous if brought near a tube containing radium; among such are zinc

silicate, zinc sulphide, and the diamond. This effect may be utilized as a means of distinguishing between true diamonds and

spurious imitations, the real gem becoming strongly phosphorescent, while the paste counterfeit remains dark and dull in the presence of the searching radium rays. A new device, known as

the spinthariscope, reveals in a very pretty way the effect of radium inducing luminosity in other bodies. A small amount of the

sensitive material, zinc sulphide for example, is spread upon a metal surface, called the screen; a particle of radium is placed

upon this, or is held about a sixteenth of an inch above the prepared surface. If the screen be then examined through a lense

of medium power in a dark room, a marvelous sight presents itself.

The surface of the screen appears blazing with luminous points, apparently in rapid motion. The appearance has been likened by

some to that of a shower of meteorites, and by others to the

See American Chemical Journal, April, 1904, page 422.

694 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

luminous streaming of the aurora borealis. No observer who has

once witnessed this blazing display of atomic activity will soon forget the impressive effect. The luminosity of the screen appears to be the result of an actual bombardment of the phosphorescent material by emanations from the radium.

But not only is radium capable of exciting luminosity in other bodies, it imparts to its surroundings the radioactive power in practically all of its phases. Thus, a box of paper, wood, or

metal, in which a sealed tube containing radium has been allowed to lie, becomes so radioactive as to readily affect a photographic plate, and may retain this property for days and weeks. The

walls and furniture of a laboratory in which radium experiments have been conducted, and even the persons and clothing of the operators, become thus excited to radioactivity.

As before stated, radium compounds emit ordinary heat rays;

this they do continuously, and seemingly without loss of substance. The heat so radiated has been carefully measured, and we

know with fair accuracy the powers of the new element in this respect. M. Curie demonstrated that seventenths of a gram of

radium bromide inclosed in a small bottle maintained a temperature three degrees higher than that of another bottle containing no radium but otherwise kept under the same conditions. As

to the quantity of heat thus liberated, it has been demonstrated that radium gives off continuously heat sufficient to melt its own weight of ice every hour. Freshly prepared radium salts emit but

little heat; their power in this respect increases with time, until a

maximum effect is reached in about a month, after which the heat radiations are practically constant.

Radium rays produce certain physiological effects. If a vessel containing a radium salt be brought near the closed eyes or

placed against the side of the head, the eye itself becomes luminous and the sensation of light results, though in reality the light is developed within the eye. As to the effect of these rays on the

tissues of the body, M. Curie has written: "The rays of radium

act on the epidermis. If we place on the skin for a few minutes

a bulb containing radium no particular sensation is felt. But

fifteen or twenty days afterward it produces a reddening of the skin, then a slough in the place where the bulb was applied. If

RADIUM. 695

the action of the rays be long enough there is finally formed a sore that takes several months to heal. The action of the rays

from radium is analogous to that produced by the Roentgen rays.

The attempt has been made to utilize this action in the treatment of lupus and cancer. The radium rays also act upon the nervous

centers and cause paralysis and death."*

The eminent investigator spoke from painful experience in describing the sores produced by radium. Prof. Becquerel is said

to have suffered for weeks from a painful and dangerous sloughing sore on the body resulting from carrying in his waistcoat pocket a small tube containing radium. Plainly then, radium is a

dangerous substance to handle. According to present knowledge

on the subject, leaden vessels with thick walls are the safest containers of radium tubes. It is surprising that the destructive

effects of radium rays on the body tissues are not apparent until days after exposure.

Experiments have been conducted to determine the effect of radium rays on the lower animals. M. Danysz is prominent in this

part of the investigation. He suspended a tube containing a fraction of a grain of radium chloride over a cage of mice. The

tube was removed after three days. Soon after, the mice began

to shed their fur; some of them became blind, and one by one

they died. Fatal effects were produced among chickens, guinea

pigs, rabbits and other animals. Plant tissues are destroyed by a

short exposure to radium compounds.

Among the most surprising of these physiological effects are the instances of arrested development resulting from radium exposure. It is reported that M. Danysz exposed the larvse of a

small moth to the radium rays for a few hours. In the course of

several weeks most of the larvis so exposed died, but a few lived on, as larvse. Other larvse of the same colony, which had not

been exposed to the radium, passed into the pupa stage, emerged as moths, produced eggs which in turn developed another generation of larvse, pupte, and moths; and so on through a third generation, while the larvse that had been exposed to the radium continued to live as larvae without progress or development. Modifi-

* See American Chemical Journal, before cited, pages 422, 423.

696 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

cation of form among certain animals has been effected by radium rays, such as to produce aberrant individuals suggesting new species.

An experiment recently conducted by the writer is somewhat interesting, though not productive of significant results. Some

small white ants, (termites) wee secured, with a quantity of the earthmold in which they had lived. A hundred termites were

placed in each of four small dishes, each dish was set in an outer vessel containing a little water, and loosely covered with a glass disc. This arrangement prevented the earth from becoming dry.

A tube containing about a tenth of a grain of weak radium chloride was left for a few hours over one of the vessels; a second vessel

was similarly exposed; while the other two were kept away from

radium. On the day following, about half the termites from the

vessels subjected to the radium had crawled out of the inner dish and were floating on the water in the outer vessel. They were

returned to the inner dish. A day later over eighty in one dish, and

more than fifty in the other were found floating on the water, some of them dead. The living ones were again replaced. None escaped

into the water after this, but they gathered on top of the mold in the dish and many died. In the case of the two lots not exposed

to the radium rays, none left the inner dish, and they lived in apparent comfort, mostly beneath the surface of the mold. One of

these lots was then exposed to the radium tube for two hours.

Later in the day twentyfour of the termites had crawled from the inner dish and were floating on the water in the outer vessel.

During the experimenter's absence from the laboratory for a few days following the last observations, the water in the vessels dried away and the test was thus brought to an end. It is evident that

the ants experienced a disagreeable effect from the rays,—whether

analogous to light, heat, or some other manifestation of force, we that they tried to get away from the disturbmay not know,—and

ing cause.

One of the first questions asked by those whose interest has been awakened regarding radium is is the stuff like? this—What

Radiumbarium chloride—the commonest of radium preparations

is a white crystaline powder, not unlike ordinary table salt.

RADIUM. 697

Another common query is: Of what use is radium? The

truthful answer is that at present radium has no practical use.

The fact that the substance emits both light and heat has given rise to the popular supposition that it may be used for actual lighting and heating purposes. As already shown, even weak

radium salts are destructive to animal tissues, and continued exposure to radium rays would be fatal to man and animals. Radium

preparations of sufficient intensity and in quantity adequate to produce light and heat for house use would be deathdealing.

Is radium then useless? No, its possibilities have not yet

been developed; its latent usefulness has yet to be discovered.

When one of skeptical mind was heard to speak contemptuously of

Montgolfier's balloon experiments, and asked to what use such could lead, Benjamin Franklin replied with the question, "Of what use is a newborn babe?"

In the treatment of disease, and in the destruction of bacteria, radium has not yet been successfully employed, and the expectations in this respect aroused by early announcements of its properties have not been realized. But we know as yet little of what

radium can do.

The demonstration that radium emits light and heat, spontaneously and continuously, and without diminution of substance as far as we can determine, has led to the hasty and unwarranted inference that we are here confronted with an actual creation of force without expenditure of substance. The indestructibility of

matter and force, and the conservation of energy, are cornerstones of the edifice of modern science; and these have not been disturbed by this new discovery. The forces with which we are most

heat, electricity, for example—are mutually confamiliar,—light,

vertible. They, together with sound, and mechanical energy, are

gold, banknotesbut as the different kinds of money—silver,

each exchangeable on a basis of mathematical exactness for any other. So, too, the precise amount of heat represented by a given

expenditure of energy of other kinds can be calculated and produced. It is well known that there are substances possessing the

power of absorbing certain kinds of energy, and returning the same in the form absorbed, or as some other manifestation of force.

Thus, barium sulphide and other bodies become highly luminous 698 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

when exposed to sunlight, and give off the light when removed to a dark room. Calcium sulphide, fluorite, and certain dolomites beeffect of heat here appearing ascome luminous when heated—the

light. Numerous substances, when electrified, become sources of

light. Doubtless there are forces operating around us the characteristics of which we have -not yet learned; and these unknown

forces may be convertible into the commoner manifestations with which we are familiar. Is it not reasonable to infer, in the absence of definite knowledge, that radium possesses the property of

absorbing energy in forms known or unknown, and of radiating or emitting such as light, heat, Becquerel rays, and the like? The

discovery of the Roentgen rays made certain that'hitherto unknown forces, or hitherto unrecognized manifestations of energy, are operating, and certain bodies may be responsive to such forces, thus producing phenomena inexplicable to us because of our ignorance of the nature of the forces themselves.

HIS MOTHER.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Her form was bent, her eyes were dim,

But beamed with lustrous light on him.

He held her hand within his own,

Saying, "For thee I've worked alone.

My mother."

Her boy,—no longer boy but man,

Although like boy's, his laugh still rang,

Told of the strife to carve his name

Within the halls of living fame,

To cheer the heart of her he loved

His mother.

How he had longed for this glad day.

When he could go to her and say:

"A man's success is ne'er so sweet.

As when he lays it at the feet

Of her who's been his guiding star.

His mother!"—Grace Ingles Frost.

Salt Lake City.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST.

BY DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE, DIRECTOR OF THE AGRICULTURAL

EXPERIMENT STATION, LOGAN, UTAH.

IX.—GEOLOGICAL TIME.

God speaks in various ways to men. The stars, the clouds,

the mountains, the grass and the soil, are all, to him who reads aright, forms of divine revelation. Many of the noblest attributes of God may be learned by a study of the laws according to

which Omnipotent Will directs the universe.

Nowhere is this principle more beautifully illustrated and confirmed than in the rocks that constitute the crust of the earth, and on which is written in simple plainness the history of the earth almost from that beginning, when the Spirit of God moved upon the face of the waters. For centuries, men saw the rocks,

their forms and their adaptation to each other, without understanding the message written in them. Only, as the wonderful nineteenth century approached, did the vision open, and the interpretation of the story of the rocks become apparent.

How the earth first came into being has not yet been clearly revealed. From the first, however, the mighty forces which act

today, have shaped and fashioned the earth and prepared it for man's habitation. Water, entering the tiny cracks of the rocks,

and expanding as, in winter, it changed to ice, crumbled the mighty mountains; water, falling as rain from the clouds, washed

the rock fragments into the lowlying places to form soil; the

water in mighty rivers chiseled the earth with irresistible force, as shown by the Grand Canyon of the Colorado. The internal heat

of the earth, aided by the translocation of material by water, produced large cracks in the earth's crust, through which oceans of molten matter flowed and spread themselves over the land; the same heat appeared in volcanoes, through which were

700 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

spurted liquid earth, cinders and foul gases; as the earth heat was

lost, the crust cooled, contracted and great folds appeared, recognized as mountains, and as time went on, many of the mountains were caused to sink and the ocean beds were brought up in their stead. Wonderful and mighty have been the changes on the

earth's surface since the Lord began its preparation for a race of men.

In the beginning, it appears that water covered the whole earth. In that day, the living creatures of earth dwelt in the

water, and it was the great age of fishes and other aquatic animals. Soon the first land lifted itself timidly above the surface

of the ocean, and formed inviting places for land animals and plants. Upon the land came, first, according to the story of the

rocks, a class of animals known as amphibians, like frogs, that could live both in water and on land; and associated with them

were vast forests of low orders of plants, that cleared the atmosphere of noxious gases, and made it fit for higher forms of life.

Then followed an age in which the predominating animals were gigantic reptiles, a step higher than the amphibians, but a step lower than the class of mammals to which man belongs. During

the age of these prehistoric monsters, the earth was yet more fully prepared for higher life. Following the age of reptiles, came the age

of mammals, which still persists, though, since the coming of man upon the earth, the geological age has been known as the age of man.

This rapid sketch of the geological history of the earth does very poor justice to one of the most complete, wonderful and beautiful stories brought to the knowledge of man. The purpose

of this paper is not, however, to discuss the past ages of the earth.

It is, of course, readily understood that such mighty changes as those just described, and the succession of different kinds of organic life, could not have taken place in a few years. Vast

periods of time must of necessity have been required for the initiation, rise, domination and final extinction of each class of animals. A year is too small a unit of measurement in geological time; a thousand years or, better, a million years, would more

nearly answer the requirements.

It is possible in various ways to arrive at a conception of the age of the earth since organic life came upon it. For instance,

:the gorge of the Niagara Falls was begun in comparatively recent

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 701

days, yet, judging by the rate at which the falls are now receding, it must have been at least 31,000 years since the making of the gorge was first begun, and it may have been nearly 400,000 years.*

Lord Kelvin, on almost purely physical grounds, has estimated that the earth cannot be more than 100,000,000 years old, but that it may be near that age.f It need not be said, probably, that all

such calculations are very uncertain when the actual number of years are considered; but, all human knowledge, based upon the

present appearance of the earth and the laws that control known phenomena, agree in indicating that the age of the earth is extreme, running in all probability into millions of years, and it must have been hundreds of thousands of years since the first life was placed upon earth.

When these immense periods of time were first suggested by students of science, a great shout of opposition arose from the camp of the theologians. The Bible story of creation had been

taken literally, that in six days did the Lord create the heavens and the earth; and it was held to be blasphemy to believe anything

else. The new revelation, given by God in the message of the

rocks, was received as a manmade theory, that must be crushed to earth. It must be confessed that many of the men of science,

exulting in the new light, ridiculed the story told by Moses, and claimed that it was an evidence that the writings of Moses were not inspired, but merely manmade fables.

The war between the Mosaic and the geological record of creation became very bitter and lasted long, and it led to a merciless dissection and scrutiny of the first chapter of Genesis, and the evidences upon which rests the geological theory of the age of the earth. However, when the din of the battle grew faint, and the

smoke cleared away, it was quickly perceived by the unbiased onlookers, that the Bible and science had both gained bj the conflict.

Geology had firmly established its claim, that the earth was not made in six days of twentyfour hours each; and the first chapter

of Genesis had been shown to be a marvelously truthful record of the great events of creation.

* Dana's New Text Book of Geology, t. 375.

t Lectures and Addresses, vol. 2, p. 10.

702 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Moses, in the first chapter of Genesis, enumerates the order of the events of creation. First, light was brought to the earth

and was divided from darkness, ''and the evening and the morning were the first day."Then the firmament was established in the

midst of the waters, "and the evening and the morning were the second day."After each group of creative events, the same expression occurs, "and the evening and the morning were the third

[fourth, fifth, and sixth] days."Those who insisted upon the literal

interpretation of the language of the Bible maintained that the word day, as used in Genesis 1, referred to a day of twentyfour hours, and that all the events of creation were consummated by an allpowerful God in one hundred and fortyfour earthly hours. An

examination of the original Hebrew for the use of the word translated "day"in Genesis, revealed that it refers more frequently to periods of time of indefinite duration.* When this became clear,

and the record of the rocks became better known, some theologians suggested, that as we are told that a thousand years are as one day to God, the day of Genesis 1 refers to periods of a thousand years each. This did not strengthen the argument. The

best opinion of today, and it is wellnigh universal, is that the

Mosaic record refers to indefinite periods of time corresponding to the great divisions of historical geology.

Even as late as the sixties and seventies of the last century this question was still so unsettled as to warrant the publication of books defending the Mosaic account of creation.t

In 1830, certain visions given to the Jewish lawgiver Moses, were revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith. These visions are

now incorporated with other matter in the Pearl of Great Price, under the title. The Book of Moses. In chapter two of this book

is found an account of the creation, which is nearly identical with the account found in Genesis 1. The slight variations which occur

tend only to make the meaning of the writer clearer. In this

account, the expression "and the evening and the morning were the first [etc.] day,"occurs just as it does in the Mosaic account in

* Compare The Mosaic Record of Creation, A. McCaul, D. D., p. 213.

t For instance Aids to Faith, containing McCaul's most able discussion. The Origin of the World, J. W. Dawson.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 703

the Bible. In 1835 certain ancient records found in the catacombs

of Egypt fell into the hands of Joseph Smith, who found them to be some of the writings of Abraham, while he was in Egypt. The

translation of these records is also found in the Pearl of Great

Price, under the title, The Book of Abraham. In the fourth and

fifth chapters of the book is found an account of the creation according to the knowledge of Abraham. The two accounts are

essentially the same, but the Abrahamic version is so much fuller and clearer that it illumines the obscurer parts of the Mosaic account. We shall concern ourselves here only with the variation

in the use of the word "day."

In Genesis 1: 5 we read, "And God called the light Day, and

the darkness he called Night. And the evening and the morning

were the first day."

The corresponding period is discussed in the Book of Abraham 4: 5 as follows: ''And the Gods called the light Day, and the

darkness they called Night. And it came to pass that from the

evening until morning they called night; and from the morning

until the evening they called day; and this was thefirst, or the beginning, of that which they called day and night."

It is to be noted that in Abraham's version names were given to the intervals between evening and morning, and morning and evening; but absolutely nothing is said about a first day: the statement is simply made, that this was the beginning of the alternating

periods of light and darkness which they, the Gods, had named night and day. According to this version, the first creative period occupied an unknown period of time.

In Genesis 1: 8 it further says: "And God called the firmament

Heaven, And the evening and the morning were the second day."

The corresponding passage in the Book of Abraham 4: 8,

reads, "And the Gods called the expanse Heaven. And it came to

pass that it was from evening until morning that they called night;

and it came to pass that it was from morning until evening that they called day, and this was the second time that they called night and day."Here it must be noted that nothing is said about a second day. It is said that it was the second time that they called day

which leaves the second creative period entirely indefinite so far as time limits are concerned.

704 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In Genesis 1: 13, it reads, "and the evening and the morning

were the third day."

In Abraham 4: 13, the corresponding passage reads, "And it

came to pass that they numbered the days; from the evening until

the morning they called night; and it came to pass, from the

morning until the evening they called day; and it was the third time."

Here it is explicitly stated that the Gods numbered the days,evidently,they counted the days that had passed during the third creative period, and it was the third time that the numbering had been done.

Again, the third creative period is left indefinite, as to time limits.

Gen. 1: 19, reads, "And the evening and the morning were

the fourth day."

Correspondingly, in Abraham 4: 19, is found, "And it came

to pass that it was from evening until morning that it was night;

and it came to pass that it was from morning until evening that it was day; and it wa,s the fourth time."

This quotation from Abraham, standing alone, would be somewhat ambiguous, for it might indicate that it was the fourth time that the periods between evening and morning, and morning and evening were called night and day. In the light of previous passages, however, the meaning of the passage becomes clear. Certainly

there is nothing in the verse to confine the fourth creative period within certain time limits.

The fifth day in Genesis closes as does the fourth; and the

fifth time in Abraham closes as does the fourth. The remarks

made concerning the fourth creative period apply to the fifth.

Concerning the sixth creative period. Gen. 1: 31, says, "And

God saw everything that he had made, and, behold, it was very good. And the evening and the morning were the sixth day."

Of the same period, Abraham says, "And the Gods said: We

will do everything that we have said, and organize them; and behold, they shall be very obedient. And it came to pass that it

was from morning until evening that they called night; and it

came to pass that it was from evening until morning that they called day; and they numbered the sixth time."

As in the previous periods, the sixth ended by the Gods numbering the days of the creative period; the sixth period, like those

preceding, being undeterminate as to time.

JOSEPH SMITH AS SCIENTIST. 705

Repeated reading and study of the Abrahamic account, as revealed through Joseph Smith, make it certain beyond doubt that the intent is to convey the idea that the creative periods included much time, and that, at the end of each period, the measure of night and day, was applied to the period, in order that its length might be determined. Whether or not the different creative periods

represented days to the mighty beings concerned in the creation, we do not know, and it matters little to the argument of this article.*

Now, then, we must remember that Joseph Smith made this translation long before the theologians of the world had consented to admit that the Mosaic days meant long periods of time; and long

before geology had established beyond question that immense time periods had been consumed in the preparation of the earth for man.

Joseph Smith, the humble, unlearned, despised boy, unfamiliar with books and the theories of men, stated with clear and simple certainty, if his works be read with the eye of candid truth, this fundamental truth of geological science and the Bible, long before the learned of the world had agreed upon the same truth.t

Standing alone, this fact might be called a chance coincidence, a result of blind fate. But recalling that it is one of many similar

and even more striking facts, what shall be said? Has ever impostor dared what Joseph Smith did? Has ever false prophet

lived beyond his generation, if his prophecies were examined?

Shall we of this foremost age accept convincing, logical truth, though it run counter to our preconceived notions? Glorious

were the visions of Joseph the Prophet; unspeakable would be our

joy, should they be given to us.

(to be continued.)

* The writer understands the creation, reported in Abraham, 4th chapter, to be spiritual in its nature; but he also believes that this

spiritual account is a perfect picture of the actual material creation.

If chapter 4 of Abraham represents the Gods planning creation, the measuring of time becomes easily understood. It then means, "How

long will it take to accomplish the work?"All this, however, has no

bearing upon the present argument.

t It may be remarked that other geological doctrines were taught by the Prophet, that science has since confirmed. One of these was discussed by Dr. J. E. Talmage in the Improvement Era, Vol. 7, p. 481.

SOME LEADING EVENTS IN THE CURRENT

STORY OF THE WORLD.

BY DR. J. M. TANNER, SUPERINTENDENT OF CHURCH SCHOOLS.

Progress of the War.

As soon as Japan secured the undisputed control of the sea, she was in a position to commence her movements on land. The

initial point in the land campaign was the Yalu River. This river

separates Manchuria from Korea. The latter country the Russians

were in no position to hold. The fighting there amounted to light

skirmishes by which the Russians merely hoped to retard Japanese movements to the north. It was believed that the Russians would

have ample time to concentrate their forces on the northern banks of the Yalu and so entrench themselves on the hills as to offer a most stubborn resistance.

The battle of the Yalu which occurred on May 1st was the initial land contest. Every preparation for crossing the Yalu had

been carefully made. The artillery at Wiju covered the movements

of the troops over the river and the Japanese soldiers at once began to storm the position of the Russians in their hillside fortifications. The Japanese were first obliged to cross the Ai Ho, a tributary of the Yalu, with a division of the army, but the smaller

stream offered no serious impediment for their soldiers fought while they were in water to their waists. Everywhere Japanese arms

were victorious. It was immediately manifest that they had better

artillery and were more skillful in its use. Even the Japanese cavalry showed up to good advantage. The Russians were compelled

toretreat and move their position as far back as Feng Wang

Chang.

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 707

The Japanese strengthened their outposts in order to hold the position which they had gained; and General Kuroki, who had covered himself with honors, began the adjustment of his troops for

further contingencies, while General Oku farther to the southwest began to close in upon Port Arthur.

Just what position Kuroki will be found to have taken is uncertain. There has been much speculation as to his plans to surround Kuropatkin. It is more likely that he simply stands a menace to any movement of the Russian army to the south for the

relief of Port Arthur. It is. curious to note the diversity of importance attached to the battle of the Yalu. Some English journals, pro Japanese, class it among the decisive battles of the world.

French papers, proRussian, refer to it as a part of a number of frontier skirmishes.

The Battle of Nan Shan Hill.

The most brilliant military achievement of the present war is the capture of Nan Shan hill May 26th. Port Arthur lies at the

extreme southern point of the Liaotung peninsula. About thirty

miles north of Port Arthur the peninsula narrows to a distance of about two miles by the indentations of the Talienwan on the east and the Kin Chau bay on the west. The defense of this narrow

neck was considered of vital importance. At Kinchau there is a

strong fort and near by is Nan Shan hill which was considered impregnable. It may indeed be considered a mountain since it is

something like two thousand feet high. Breed's hill or Bunker

hill would be a mere ant hill in comparison. The hill near the top

is very steep. On its crest the Russians had lodged a large number

of heavy cannon and quick firing machines. For days the Japanese,

reconnoitered the hill and drew from the enemy the fire of the cannons whose balls were examined carefully to determine the character of the field pieces which must be met in an effort to take the hill by storm. The Russian force charged with the defense of

the hill is said to have numbered between twelve thousand and twenty thousand men.

On the morning of May 26th at 9 o'clock the charge of the hill began amidst deafening cannonading and fearful carnage. The

guns of the fort mowed down whole companies of the Japanese 708 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

who seemed to be simply infuriated by the awful spectacle of death about them. The soldiers kept on charging up the hill,

climbing over the rows of dead bodies of their comrades until late in the afternoon they penetrated the outer ranks of the Russians.

The first Japanese soldiers to lead the bayonet charge were quickly followed by others until the Russians, finding the attack irresistible, fled to the south in the direction of Port Arthur.

The capture of Nan Shan hill cost the Japanese thirtyfive thousand men in killed and wounded. It is reported that the Russians lost something like eight hundred men. As the Russians were

pursued for some distance in their retreat, no accurate account of their loss can be learned at present. Against such undaunted men

as stormed Nan Shan hill, what defensive methods of modern warfare can prove effectual! The whole world was astounded. It is to

be doubted whether in all the history of war such determined and unflinching resistance to overwhelming odds was ever surpassed.

With equal precision and courage, the Japanese army at once began to move in upon Port Arthur and fasten its death grip upon the fortifications which it was believed could only be taken by process of starvation. The fleet has brought over the great siege

guns, and the world will be given another evidence of Japanese military prowess and strategy. No doubt the Japs will be provided

with mortars, or high angle firing guns, such as we have for defense on our sea coasts. These twelve inch guns throw projectiles

of a thousand pounds a distance of five miles. What makes them

so effective in besieging a fortress is that the projectiles may be thrown a distance of two miles into the air; when they fall and

explode, their destruction is equalled only by a torpedo. These explosives may be dropped with great accuracy; and we are informed

that the Japanese have supplied themselves with balloons so as to locate the points upon which attacks can be most advantageously mad. The period of one year which it was predicted would be

necessary to carry Port Arthur may, in the light of recent progress, be shortened to one month.

Senator Quay.

The old Roman adage,that "of the dead say nothing but good,"is not observed in the case of Pennsylvania's senator who recently

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 709

died. After a political leadership in that state covering a period

of some thirty years, it is remarkable what a variety of opinions prevail concerning Senator Quay's political career. That he was a

man of most extraordinary resources, no one doubts, and it does not seem possible that he could control the political affairs of a state so completely by methods that were wholly and always unscrupulous or vicious. That he has resorted to tactics in political

life that were questionable is asserted by his enemies. It will be,

perhaps, impossible on this side of eternity to determine just what

Senator Quay's rights are to the honorable consideration of the

American people. Over his virtues and his vices, politicians will

continue to the end to contend.

It is quite generally conceded that as a soldier in the Civil

War he was brave and patriotic. He was possessed of fine literary

tastes and had uncommon mental powers. To his friends, it is said,

he was always loyal and that his word was as good as his bond.

In political life he possessed the virtue of remembering and rewarding every service rendered him. When the great opposition

he had to contend with at different periods of his political career is taken into consideration, it must be acknowledged that his mastery over the minds of men was something of the Napoleonic type.

He does not appear to have been of magnetic personality, but rather secretive and taciturn. For sixty years Cameron and Quay

have managed in a masterly manner the political life of the great state of Pennsylvania. Such a period covers almost half the history of our national existence.

Perdicaris Kidnapped.

On the evening of the 18th of May, a Moorish brigand with his followers entered the house of Ian Perdicaris,an American citizen at

Tangier, Morocco, and carried him off to await the ransom of their prisoner by this country. The demand for a large ransom was answered by our Secretary of State by the dispach of three gun boats

and cruiser to Tangier. Mr. Perdicaris was a New Jersey millionaire who had gone to Morocco to enjoy the oriental life which

seems to have a certain fascination for Franks (western people) who have lived a considerable time in oriental countries.

Mr. Perdicaris was born at Athens, in 1840, at the American

710 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Consulate while his father was Consul General to that country. He

evidently inherited some of his preferences for life about the Mediterranean. At Tangier he had built a beautiful palace and did much

to improve, it is said, the sanitary condition of the city. An Englishman, Mr. Varley, a stepson was also taken at the time of the

capture of Perdicaris.

By a recent treaty between England and France, England agreed to recognize the paramount influence of France in Morocco.

This, no doubt, means that France will soon take a hand in the internal administration of the country just as England is doing in Egypt. In recognition of this treaty, our government appealed

to France for her good offices in securing the release of Perdicaris.

This pleased France, because it was an early recognition of her claims to guardianship in Morocco. However, France took some

exception to the appearance of our fleet in Moroccan waters. Our

government was frank to say to France that if the latter would guarantee the restoration of Perdicaris, the fleet would at once be withdrawn.

Rasouli had often been the guest of Perdicaris and was a, leader among the Berbers that constitute a class of lawless subjects of the Sultan. Perhaps no more than one fouth of the country is under responsible government, and brigands have things very

much their own way in the greater portion of Morocco.

A New Canadian Transcontinental Railway.

A bill which recently passed the Dominion Parliament practically assured Canada a transcontinental line of railway extendingfrom Moncton, in New Brunswick, to the Pacific Coast. The cost of

the road is estimated at from $165,000,000 to $185,000,000. Under the terms of the bill, the Canadian government assumes a liability for the greater portion of the road. Some question has arisen

as to the value of the road in the eastern division, that is, from the Atlantic to Winnipeg, a distance of 1875 miles. With the

exception of a few points which this eastern division will touch, the entire road will be practically through a wilderness which awaits development by settlers. This eastern portion is largely

covered by forests and it is hardly likely that settlers will care tO'

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 711

clear away trees when so much land can be had in the prairies of

Manitoba and the northwest.

There is no doubt, however, about the value of the road after it leaves Winnipeg on its way to the northwest, whose immense grain fields are increasing yearly with great rapidity. The present

transcontinental line, the Canadian Pacific, is wholly unable to move the great crops of grain that are yearly taken from the West.

This line will undoubtedly have special value to the settlers in Alberta. From present indications it will run north of the Canadian.

Pacific railroad, but it will undoubtedly contain spur lines extending down to our colonies and greatly enhance the value of our products in that section. Canada is really a new El Dorado.

Postal War on Patent Medicines.

For some time our government chemists have been analyzing patent medicines and other nostroms that have found so general a use throughout the country. These medicines are purported to

cure any and all diseases. In recent years their advertisements

have amounted in themselves to so many millions of dollars that it was evident that the sales of these medicines must have been something extraordinary. Many of these were analyzed and found

to contain substances that had no healing properties for the dis eases it was claimed they would cure. Many of them contained

a large percentage of alcohol, which had an exhilarating effect upon the patients who mistook a temporary state of partial intoxication for a cure.

The postoffice department has issued an order prohibiting the transportation of certain medicines through the mail, medicines that have been passed upon by government experts. The prohibition of the use of the mail also extends to papers that advertise

these fraudulent medicines.

The Boston Transcript, commenting on the subject, has this to say: "Now, with the necessary amount of faith, a patent medicine

may accomplish a cure in one case where it will not in another.

To exclude it, the postoffice department must determine that it will not, even with the required admixture of faith, effect a cure;

and we do not believe that it is within the province of the post712 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

office department to decide which medicines are of value in particular cases and which are worthless."

The postoffice department might refer this matter to Congress -especially to the Senate of the United State, which has recently had unusual opportunities for determining what is genuine in religion and what is not. The Senate might give a full hearing on

the question of patent medicines and decide where even an admixture of faith would not be effectual.

Colorado's Troubles.

On the night of June 6th, when a squad of nonunion miners at

Independence, Colorado, were about to take the train for their homes at the close of their shifts in the mine, a dynamite bomb was exploded under the station platform and sent thirteen instantly into eternity. Next day two died from the effects of injury. At

Victor, on the 7th, while a meeting was being held by nonunion men and mine owners, a disturbance arose and two more nonunion men were killed. This lawlessness was attributed to neglect on the part

of the peace officers elected by the unionists.

It was believed that the sheriff connived at the outrages perpetrated by union men. A mob of nonunion men and mine owners

thereupon called at the sheriff's office and demanded his resignation. Upon his refusal, a coil of rope was thrown at his feet. The

threat was sufficient to bring his resignation, and a mine owner was appointed sheriff. Wholesale arrests then began. Union

stores were looted and their goods thrown into the streets, though the officers put a stop to such vandalism and at once took steps to protect the stores. Bodies of unionists were escorted to the Colorado line and ordered to keep out of the state.

Governor Peabody, who was at the St. Louis fair,hurried home

to assume charge of affairs in his distracted state, which for the past two years has been the scene of one of the greatest labor union straggles witnessed in this country, or anywhere else, for that matter. The Cripple Creek district has been the scene of terror,

and outrages on human life have been there altogether too common.

Nonunion men have showed a determined effort to work and many of them have been shot down as they were returning to or

CURRENT STORY OF THE WORLD. 713

from their work by men in ambush. The militia has been in constant demand and the state at times in certain districts has been

in a condition bordering on anarchy.

The struggle on the part of organized labor and its contest with capital may lead to a panic of the most distressing character.

Capital is naturally timid; and if it should retire from its regular

channels of commerce and manufacturing, it is easy to comprehend the appalling distress and starvation that would follow. The

temper of the struggle is the most alarming, and the more so because it grows rapidly in its intensity. A very large proportion

of working men are nonunionists and they are apparently as bitter as their opponents.

No thoughtful man can contemplate the labor trouble of our country without the gravest apprehensions over the outcome. If

the struggle becomes desperate, it vrill cost millions of property and rivers of blood. The horror of it all is that when once it has

passed certain limits, it will be beyond the control of either side, or of both sides. Like an avalanche, it will gather irresistible

force as it goes. The principle of federation is like a drag net.

It will draw in the discontented and the contented alike. The

organizations of labor are so complete and so well equipped for immediate action that a civil conflict may come like an avalanche without a moment's warning when all men think themselves secure.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

REST FOR THE PEACEABLE FOLLOWERS OF CHRIST.

I desire to call the attention of the Latterday Saints to the words of the Prophet Moroni, who says, in speaking of his father's instructions to the ancient saints upon this continent:

Wherefore I would speak unto you that are of the Church, that are the peaceable followers of Christ, and that have obtained a sufficient hope, by which ye can enter into the rest of the Lord, from this time henceforth, until ye shall rest with him in heaven.

This is a very significant passage. The rest here referred to

is not physical rest, for there is no such thing as physical rest in the Church of Jesus Christ. Reference is made to the spiritual

rest and peace which are born from a settled conviction of the truth in the minds of men. We may thus enter into the rest of

the Lord today, by coming to an understanding of the truths of the Gospel. No people is more entitled to this rest—this peace

of the are members of the Church. It is true that spirit—than

not all are unsettled. Not all need to seek this rest, for there are

many who now possess it, whose minds have become satisfied, and who have set their eyes upon the mark of their high calling with an invincible determination in their hearts to be steadfast in the truth, and who are treading in humility and righteousness the path marked out for the Saints who are complacent followers of Jesus

Christ. But there are many who, not having reached this point

of determined conviction, are driven about by every wind of doctrine, thus being ill at ease, unsettled, restless. These are they

who are discouraged over incidents that occur in the Church, and

EDITOR'S TABLE. 715

in the nation, and in the turmoils of men and associations. They

harbor a feeling of suspicion, unrest, uncertainty. Their thoughts

are disturbed, and they become excited with the least change, like one at sea who has lost his bearings.

Among this latter class are a number of young men and young women who are not thoroughly established in the knowledge of the

Gospel, having not settled their minds as to the course they should pursue. They are not founded in the testimony of Jesus, and

have, therefore, not entered into the rest spoken of by the prophet. Were they convinced, their spirits would cease to be agitated

by uncertainty and unrest, and they would find consolation in the knowledge of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, as taught by the Latterday Saints. They would understand that this Gospel is the power

of God unto salvation. They would be satisfied, and would peacefully pursue a straightforward course, in conformity with the law

of God, swerving neither to the right nor to the left. They would

not seek the street corners, listening to men with alleged new religions, who are in reality without the guidance of the Holy Spirit, and who pretend to have a new doctrine, one better for men to lay hold of. They would know that in the Gospel of Christ they

have gems of far greater value than can be obtained from these pretended dispensers of the word of God. If they had thoroughly

entered into that rest spoken of by the prophet, they would not waste their time seeking for and listening to these vague doctrines of men; nor would they be driven hither and thither, to and fro, by

every wind of doctrine that blows along their way. When men

are thus unsettled, uncertain, wavering, never quite satisfied, it is evident that they are still wandering, seeking for rest in the philosophies of men, rather than in the true Gospel of Christ, in which alone it may be found.

But what is the remedy? Where would you have people go

who are unsettled in the truth? The answer is plain. They will

not find satisfaction in the doctrines of men. Let them seek

for it in the written word of God; let them pray to him in their

secret chambers, where no human ear can hear, and in their closets petition for light; let them obey the doctrines of Jesus, and they

will immediately begin to grow in the. knowledge of the truth. This

course will bring peace to their souls, joy to their hearts, and a 716 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

settled conviction which no change can disturb. They may be well

assured that ''he that heareth in secret will reward them openly."

Let them seek for strength from the Source of all strength, and he will provide spiritual contentment, a rest which is incomparable with the physical rest that cometh after toil. All who seek have

a right to, and may enter into, the rest of God, here upon the earth, from this time forth, now, today; and when earthlife is finished,

they dhall also enjoy his rest in heaven.

One blessing which I desire above all blessings here upon the earth is that I may continue to enjoy this condition; for it brings conviction of the truth to the soul, and peace and joy and satisfaction,

and banishes restlessness and every spirit of doubt. It prevents

one from being subject to the cunning craftiness of men, and places one in harmony with the Spirit of God, and makes one established in the faith and doctrines of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.

I know that Christ is the only begotten Son of God, that he is the Redeemer of the world, that he was raised from the dead; and

that as he arose, so shall every soul bearing the image of God arise from the dead and be judged according to his works, be they good or evil. In the neverending eternities of our Father in

heaven, the righteous shall rejoice, while the association and love of their families and friends shall glorify them through the ages that are to come. Joy and rest unspeakable will be their reward.

These are some of the doctrines of the gospel of Jesus Christ which the Latterday Saints believe. I don't wish for anything

better; I desire to be satisfied in these, and to possess that peace

and joy which spring from the contemplation of the opportunities and truths that are embraced in this gospel. Were I to seek for

other truths, where would I go? Not to man. I must know for

myself, from the source which provides these blessings and gifts;

but what more would I ask for than a knowledge of the resurrection, that I shall be made whole of my sins and become perfect in

Christ Jesus, through obedience to his gospel? Is any doctrine

more reasonable and more compatible with free agency than this?

It is true that ancient philosophers taught us many morals, but where in all the philosophy of the world, have we better teachings than in the gospel of Christ which has been revealed to us, and which we hold and are made partakers of? No doctrine was ever

EDITOR'S TABLE. 717

as perfect as that of Jesus. Christ perfected every principle that

had hitherto been taught by the philosophers of the world; he has

revealed to us the way of salvation, from the beginning, and through all the meanders of this life to neverending exaltation and glory in his kingdom, and to a newness of life therein. He has

taught us that man is a dual being, the offspring of God, and that the body and the spirit, blended in one immortal soul,is eventually to stand in the presence of its maker, and see as it is seen, and know as it is known. Whenever the Lord speaks to man, he speaks to

his immortal soul, and satisfaction and unsurpassing peace and joy come to all who listen.

Happy is the man, indeed, who can receive this soulsatisfying testimony, and be at rest, and seek for no other road to peace than by the doctrines of Jesus Christ. His gospel teaches us to love our

fellowmen, to do to others as we would have others do to us, to be just, to be merciful, to be forgiving and to perform every good act calculated to enlarge the soul of man. His perfected

philosophy teaches also that it is better to suffer wrong than to do'wrong, and to pray for our enemies and for those who despitefully use us. There are no other gospels or systems of philosophy that

bear these marks of divinity and immortality. You may hunt the

philosophies of the world in vain for any code of ethics that insures the peace and rest that may be found in his comprehensive, yet simple, gospel.

To the young man or the young woman who is at a loss to know what to do, among all the various teachings that are extant in the world, I would say: Search the Scriptures, seek God in prayer, and

then read the doctrines that have been proclaimed by Christ in his sermon on the mount, as found in Matthew, and as reiterated to the ancient saints upon this continent (HI Nephi.) Having

studied these splendid standards, and searched deeply the significance of these matchless sentiments, you may defy the philosophies of the world, or any of its ethics to produce their equal. The

wisdom of men is not to be compared with them. They lead to the

rest of the peaceable followers of Christ, and enable mankind to become perfect as he is perfect. No other philosopher has

ever said as Jesus said, "Come unto me."From the beginning of

the world until the present time, no other philosopher has ever 718 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cried unto the people such words of love, nor guaranteed and declared power within himself to save. "Come unto me, all ye that

labor and are heavy laden, and I will give you rest,"is his call to all the sons and daughters of men.

The Latterday Saints have answered the call, and thousands thereby have found rest and peace surpassing all understanding;

and this notwithstanding the outward fiery ordeals, the turmoil and the strife, through which they have passed. They rest in the

knowledge that no man could declare or teach such doctrine; it is

the truth of God.

I thank our Father that I have come to a knowledge of this truth, that I know that Jesus is the Christ, in whom alone there is rest and salvation. As God lives, they are deceived who follow

men and their philosophies; but happy are they who enter into the

rest of the peaceable followers of Christ, obtaining a sufficient hope from this time henceforth until they shall rest with him in heaven.

They depend completely upon the saving power of his Gospel, and are therefore at rest in all the tumult of mind and public agitation which beset their way.

Joseph F. Smith.

ANNUAL CONFERENCE OF THE MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS.

On Sunday, Monday and Tuesday, the 5ih, 6th and 7th of June, the annual conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church was held in Salt Lake City. The first meeting was a

conjoint session of the officers, held in the Assembly Hall, and was characterized by the reading of several strong papers, followed by a discussion, three subjects treated being, "Reverence for our

Places of Worship,"by Minnie J. Snow; "Responsibility of Officers,"

by Josiah E. Hickman, Utah stake; "Our Social Life,"by Rose W.

Bennett. After the discussion of "Reverence for Places of Worship,"the following resolution was unanimously passed:

Be it resolved by the officers of the Y. L. and Y. M. M. L A. in conference assembled:

That we will exert every effort to persuade the members of our

EDITOR'S TABLE. 719

associations to join in developing in the hearts of the young people a sentiment of reverence for sacred places and sacred things; and to unite

with us in refraining from talk, laughter, and all unseemly conduct in our worshiping assemblages; and in keeping all our places of worship

clean, well ventilated and attractive.

The meeting was continued in the afternoon at the large tabernacle, where a numerous congregation gathered, the main features of the exercises being an address of welcome by Elder

B. H. Roberts and an address on marriage by President Joseph F.

Smith. In the evening, at 7:30, another large congregation assembled in the Tabernacle, the speakers being Bryant S. Hinckley, May

Anderson, of the Primary Association, George A. Smith, Maud May

Babcock, and others.

The officers of the Young Men met in the Barratt Hall on Monday, at 10 o'clock a.m. and 2 p.m. There were two subjects presented

at each meeting. In the forenoon, Preston D. Richards, of Granite

stake, spoke on "Five Essentials for a Successful Superintendent,"and Oliver Christiansen, of Juab, on "Five Essentials for a Successful President."The afternoon meeting was occupied by J. F. Holton,

of Box Elder, on "How to Interest NonMembers of the Church in

M. I. A. Work,"and by George A. Smith, of Salt Lake, on "How

to Secure Prompt and Regular Attendance."On Tuesday, at 10

o'clock, Joseph W. Musser, of Wasatch spoke on "Reasons Why

Our Associations are Worthy of the Patronage of Parents,"and

David H. Morris, of St. George, on "How to Apply What We Learn."

At the afternoon meeting of that day, George Q. Morris, of Salt

Lake, spoke on "What Influence Has M. I. on the Morals of Our

Young Men,"and John A. Hendricksen, of Cache, on "Qualifications

of Instructors."The subjects were well treated, and created great

interest among the large number of officers present. Questions

and discussion followed each subject.

It will be noticed that the subjects were somewhat diflferent from those presented at the conferences heretofore held; the machinery of the organization was not specially treated, but, rather,

the ethics and practice. It is intended, and it was resolved by the

officers assembled, to present a manual of instruction on the machinery of the work of the associations, for the benefit of all the officers, in time for the opening meetings this fall. This manual

720 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

will give the individual instructions to officers on the routine of their work, including the opening preparations, conduct of classes, general management of the associations, the Era, the Improvement fund, the conventions to be held in September, and other instructions pertaining to the business routine of the associations.

The labors of the organizations, as far as presented, were very gratifying, both in a spiritual and financial sense. The

Improvement fund was the largest this season of any [in the history of the associations, and Presideat Smith took occasion to caution the young men, on this account, not to slacken their efforts in the collection of the fund. There are 28,000 members of the asociations, and 10,000 of these had paid the annual

amount required. He stated that it was a good plan to have

means on hand, and that we should make every effort to collect the required amount from every member. The surplus now on hand,

and which we would have in a few years, might be profitably used for many purposes, among which he mentioned the building of homes for the associations, in the largest cities of the State, such as Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo, and Logan, in which the organization could receive its members, have a library and reading room, gymnasium, art gallery, and any other arrangement for the convenience and benefit of the members. This could not be done now, but it

might be held in view, and we should, therefore, not lag in the collection of the fund, but be more energetic in getting all the members to pay, so that these purposes, in time, might be accomplished. At one of the meetings, a number of the stake superintendents reported on the efficacy of the local missionary work.

Wherever the local priesthood had given the scheme enthusiastic support, much good had resulted; and it appeared to be the consensus of opinion that local missionary work should be vigorously

continued.

The death of Sister Helen W. Woodruff, wife of Apostle Abraham 0. Woodruff, in Mexico, on the last day of the conference,

caused deep feelings of regret among all present, especially in view of the active part which she took in the exercises and the banquet of the officers last season. A committee was appointed,

which formulated an address of condolence to Elder Woodruffs

EDITOR'S TABLE. 721

which was unanimously adopted by the assembled officers, and reads as follows:

Abraham 0. Woodruff:

Dear Brother—Having learned, with deep regret, of the death of

your wife, Helen W. Woodruff, in the City of Mexico, June 7, 1904,

we, your associates and the officers of the Y. M. M. I. A., in conference assembled, unitedly join in expressing to you our sincere sympathy

in the bereavement which takes from you a loving companion and wife, from your children a devoted mother, from us a friendand energetic worker. We express to you and to your children the sympathy of our

hearts in the irreparable loss which you and they and all of us have sustained, and pray God to console and comfort you by the presence and power of his Holy Spirit.

Taken altogether, the conference was a pronounced success in many ways, and will be a great impetus in the cause of Mutual

Improvement for the coming season. Many of the papers which

were presented, as well as the remarks which were made, were of an interesting character, and will be printed, from time to time, in the pages of the Era, for the benefit of the officers who were not present, and for the reading public generally.

The reception of the general boards, given to the officers of the association at the palatial home of Sister Elizabeth C. McCune,

on Tuesday evening, was one of the richest treats of the conference, and was a success in every way.

A TALK TO GRADUATES.

During the month just past there have been many hundreds of young men and young women graduated from the eighth grade of the public schools, besides many from the high schools, from the colleges and the universities. Superintendent of Schools A. C. Nelson informs us that there are seven hundred more graduates this year

than last,from the eighth grade. The Improvement Era joins in congratulating them upon the completion of their courses of study, and

upon the attainment of the progress for which they have been laboring. 722 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Two points, in passing, we desire to impress upon graduates who may read these lines. First, see that you retain fresh in

memory the knowledge received, by applying it, as far as possible, in your daily lives. Second, gather additional truths as you go

on. It is becoming more and more necessary that young men

and young women who go out into the world should equip themselves with a solid foundation of knowledge, with a good training.

As they leave the home, where they have had the care of their parents and guardians, they will discover that it is a precious qualification to have a good education. Business competition in these

days almost compels a man to be well trained before he can succeed in any calling. If he is not well educated, he has entered

into the walks of life very poorly equipped to compete with his fellows. He who has the most knowledge and the best business

and moral training will succeed, while the man who lacks these qualifications will be in great danger of being brushed aside by the more competent.

Hence the need you have of useful knowledge. Another need

for it is that training broadens the mind, and it may be made your servant in the formation of a good character.

Moreover, if it has been good to pass through the discipline so far, and to accumulate the knowledge which you now possess, it is better that you continue further on. Not only should you

carefully apply the knowledge which you now have, but you should determine to gain more. It should be your hope and ambition to

finish the course of the high school. You need this addition to

your knowledge, that you may broaden your capacities.

You will find, as the days of responsibility come, that incompleteness is a handicap always. The boy or the girl who has not

thoroughly prepared himself or herself for the opportunities that are surely coming to them, at least once in their lifetimes, will feel sorry in days to come. Opportunities do not wait. It is the boy

and the girl who are prepared to grasp them and to take advantage of them that will succeed. You can do no better than to get

ready to make profit of Opportunity when she comes. It is safe

to say that no person of good character, honest, industrious, and willing, who has thoroughly prepared himself, has ever been known to fail in obtaining a chance to seize Opportunity. He has

EDITOR'S TABLE. 723

always been able to find a place to apply his learning and talents.

On the other hand, many men, and women too for that matter, who have not prepared themselves, either through failure to grasp the need of it when they had the chance, or from financial inability, have often missed splendid opportunities because they were not prepared; they could not fill the requirements.

It is better for a young man to wait a few days or years longer, and make thorough preparation, lay a broad, strong foundation, than to rush into the business world to take upon himself responsibilities too early. Obligations and trusts will come

in due time. Let him go slowly and surely. It is a sad thing to

see a young man who is really incapable take upon himself too early the strict requirements of business life. It is a joy to meet

a young old man, but it is distressing to meet an old young man.

Do not be too anxious to enter into life's vocations and to take upon you arduous tasks, without due preparation. Rather seek to

apply what knowledge you have, as you go on, and determine that you will obtain more, that you will attend the high school, and that you will not fail, if opportunity offers, to attend the university.

Remember, also, that knowledge is of little use unless it is applied. You can easily tell what the interest on one hundred

dollars, for one year, at six per cent is. That is theory; but of

what value is that knowledge to you unless you can put the facts into practice? Get the hundred dollars and place it where it

will bring you the six per cent. You have certain theories as to

character: Thou shalt not steal; thou shalt not lie; thou shalt

not bear false witness. Go put them into practice. Let your

theories, by applying them to practice, bear the fruits of a noble character. The trouble with people generally is not that they

have too much education, but that too little of it is applied by those who have it. We have an abundance of theories, but only

too little practice.

It is your duty now to use the spare moments of your vacation in the most profitable way, to economize your time, and see to it that as few as possible of the precious moments of your youth are wasted in the pursuit of things having little or no value. Do not consider yourselves closed to learning new truths.

Progress is eternal, and the knowledge that you have obtained in 724 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

school is but a small beginning. Let your graduation be a real

commencement, and not a closing.

You go out into the world today prepared only to learn more, and you will poorly satisfy your friends and teachers, much less your own souls, if you fail in that continued progress, which it is decreed shall be the heritage of the intelligence within you, through all the days of time, and the endless eons of eternity.

You must make your field broader, and you must develop more skill, and greater ability to grasp the meaning of life and to deal with its commonplace and cold afliairs. How? By commencing now on a new and higher course. It is true that you stand

well. You have been encouraged by your teachers, and you have

accomplished things of which they and your parents are proud, and that are an inspiration to other boys and girls; but it behooves

you still to remember that you are only beginners, that you have much yet to learn, both in and out ol school. When you have

gathered as much knowledge as possible in the institutions of learning, there still remains the experiences of life to perfect your characters, as it was intended they should be enlarged and perfected when you were permitted by the Lord to come upon the earth. Above all, do not forget your religion; fight hard, but be

merciful, honest and just.

GOVERNOR HARDING.

In this number the Era presents the portrait of Governor

Harding whose biography, and especially his connection with the local militia, has heretofore appeared in these columns. The Era

has now succeeded in preserving a complete list of portraits of the governors of Utah.

RADIUM.

Through the kindness of Dr. James E. Talmage, the Era is

enabled to present in this number an exceedingly attractive and comprehensive article on radium, the new and wonderful discovery in which the world of science is just now so intensely interested.

EDITORS TABLE. 725

The history of this element is given, and the reader is made familiar with its nature, as far as known. The experiments mentioned

by Dr. Talmage are especially interesting, and his own experience

added makes his paper of special value to our readers who, we are certain, will greatly appreciate this distinguished treat. To give

room for this paper, and other articles, and at the same time present a variety of matter and the usual departments, sixteen pages extra are added to this number of the Era

TWO BOOKS ON UTAH.

'The Mountain Empire—Utah.''

The Era has received from Blair and Sloan, publishers, Salt Lake

City, Utah, The Mountain Empire—Utah, containing a brief and authentic presentation of material conditions in Utah; also facts and figures,

from authentic sources, of special interest to those who are seeking a more desirable place in which to make a home. It shows the opportunity

that Utah offers for persons who have means which they desire safely and profitably to invest in business. It gives something of the settlement and development of the State, and its outlook and promise of future

greatness; and contains, in a very small space, a wealth of information on its mining and agricultural resources, as well as a glimpse of

the social, financial and educational conditions obtaining. The book consists of 142 pages, has 70 illustrations of men and scenes in Utah, and

is designed for distribution at the St. Louis exposition. Copies are also

on hand for general sale by the publishers; price 50 cents.

''Utah As It Is."

This is a new volume of 639 pages, recently issued by Hon. S. A.

Kenner, author and writer. The volume contains a large number of

illustrations and biographical sketches of leading men, with useful and well classified information about the resources of Utah at the present time, together with a readable story of its past. The book is well worth

consideration, with its many items of importance and interest in Utah all should know, but history, social, political and religious—facts which

which are not always handy for every body to find. The author's well

known humor breaks out in the final chapter of the book, in which he prints his autobiography, almost worth the price of the book, to lovers of humor. Salt Lake City, Utah; price, $2.00.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

Chauncy M. Depew is quoted in Harper's Weekly as saying:

"Whenever 1 hear the accusation that my speeches are too long, I am reminded of the story told by Horace Porter. It was about an Irishman who went into an East Side barber shop to get his hair cut. He

had been imbibing pretty freely, and went to sleep as soon as he got fairly settled in the chair. The barber, a son of Italy, began his work,

but presently a fight in the street caused him to look around, and in the act he clipped off the lower part of one of the Irishman's ears. Seeing what he had done, he set up a terrible howling and awoke his customer.

"'Phwat's th'matter?'demanded Pat.

"'Matter? Sapriste! I cut off part of your ear,'wailed the

barber. "'An'phwat if ye did? he growled. 'It was too long, anyway.

G'wan wid yer job.'

Nat Goodwin, the actor, tells a story of an encounter with a lunatic on a country road, which makes one's hair stand on end:

"I was playing in Austin, Texas, at the time, and one day strolled out along a country road which skirted the river. I had walked probably

half a mile, when suddenly a man scrambled from the bushes near the water and advanced near toward me. I saw at a glance that he was

crazy. His clothes were torn, his face flushed, and his eyes glittered

with the fire of insanity. In one hand he grasped a huge knife.

"I confess I was dismayed. The lunatic meant mischief, and there

I was without a weapon of any kind to defend myself. There was not a

house or human being aside from the maniac in sight. There was only

one thing to do, and I did it without loss of time. I took to my heels

and sprinted down the road. The lunatic shrieking with fury, darted

after me. Before we had gone two hundred yards I knew that I was no

match for him as a runner. Just as I made this discovery I tripped over

a stone and sprawled full length in the dust. The next moment I could

feel the lunatic's hot breath upon my face. Something touched my shoulder. I thought it was that horrible knife. It wasn't. It was the maniac's hand. Springing to his feet, he darted away and called out airily:

'"Tag! You're it!'"

OUR WORK.

M. I. A. WORK IN ENGLAND.

From the Millennial Star of May 12, it is learned that improvement work in England is active for good:

The Mutual Improvement association of the Birmingham branch gave a social in the Handsworth Assembly rooms, on the evening of

April 26th. An enjoyable musical program was rendered and light refreshments were served. The affair was greatly appreciated by the Saints

and numerous friends.

The Mutual Improvement association of Bradford has an enrollment of ninetythree members, and an average attendance of fiftysix. These

figures make it by far the largest association in the mission field, and the officers are to be congratulated on the character of the work that is being done, and on the interest that is evinced by the members, no less than on the numerical strength of their organization.

In the Millennial Star of May 19, there is an editorial on the labors of the auxiliary associations in England, in which the Mutual Improvement Associations receive due credit for the good work which they have performed. These associations have been firmly established, and

last year witnessed a wonderful growth in Great Britain, in both the Sunday schools and Mutual Improvement associations. New schools

and associations were organized, and those already founded increased greatly in numbers and in interest. "They have proved an inestimable

blessing to the children and to the young people of the Latterday Saints,

They have afforded to them the same opportunities for development along spiritual lines that are to be obtained in the stakes of Zion. They

have put them more closely in touch with the great body of the Church, and have given them personal responsibilities, when, in time past, they were wont only to depend upon others. Especially is the usefulness of

these auxiliary organizations shown where local Saints are chosen as presiding officers or as permanent teachers."The Star encourages the

officers and members of the associations to continue their efforts during the summer, and remarks that where the auxiliary organizations are 728 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

kept active there will be no trouble in securing a good attendance for the regular Sunday services.

A Mutual Improvement Association was organized at Sunderland, on the 11th inst., with an enrollment of twentytwo members. A renewed

interest is being taken in the Gospel in this district. Street and hall

meetings are being well attended, and a number of honest souls are about ready for baptism. The newspapers of Sunderland have given the Elders

quite fair notices of their work. Millennial Star, May 26.

FLOURISHING NORWEGIAN M. I. A.

The cause of Mutual Improvement is prospering, not only in Zion but abroad also. In Skandinaviens Stjerne, of May 12, the presidency

of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association of Christiania,

Frithjof E. Weberg and Alfred KaalNorway,—Christian Johannesen,

a very encouraging report of the labors of their association,stad,—give

in that place. The organization has existed for twentyfive years and

has at present a membership of fifty, with the usual oflScers. It issues a

monthly paper entitled Knowledge and Light. During the season past,

one hundred and twentyeight subjects of a religious and miscellaneous character were presented, besides music and songs, answers to questions, etc. Thirtyfive meetings were held, eleven of which were conjoint meetings with the Young Ladies'Association, besides two special

and five business meetings. They have a library of eightytwo volumes

which have been loaned during the year, with an income of thirty kroner. The entire assets of the association is four hundred kroner. On

the 7th of May, 1902, it was decided that the Christiania association should sustain a local, special missionary for two or three years in the field, which has been done at a cost of several hundred kroner, from a special fund for that purpose, to the great pleasure and blessing of the members, and the advancement of the Church. The experiment was so

successful that this is still continued.

One of the characteristics of the association is the preparation of a local chronology and history of the Church, which is carefully recorded by fifteen members of the association selected for that purpose. The

committee also keep a scrapbook of all the articles that are inserted in the daily papers, magazines, etc., both for and against the Latterday

Saints. These labors have been carried on systematically for three years,

and doubtless, if continued, will be of great historical value to the

Church, OUR WORK. 729

The association has well ordered and comfortable rooms, where the members often gather for an evening in reading, conversation and songs.

It is entitled "The Young People's Annex,"and has become a social gathering place for them. The association has chosen as its motto, "The glory

of God is intelligence,"and they bid fair to gather enough of this intelligence to steer their course through the labyrinths of life, in a way that will be a credit to themselves, and that will render valued assistance to the builders of the dispensation of the fulness of times.

NEW SUPERINTENDENT CHOSENAt the quarterly conference of the San Juan Stake, held in Bluff, on the 7th and 8th of May, Fletcher B. Hammond was chosen and set apart

as superintendent of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of that stake. He was appointed to fill the vacancy caused by the death

of former superintendent Hans Joseph Nielson.

EVENTS OF THE MONTH.

Local—May, 1904.

popular actress appeared in Salt Lake Visit of Maud Adams.—This

City, on the 28rd, in "The Little Minister."She is a native of Salt Lake

City, and was given a pretty testimonial, in the shape of a silver loving cup, by her friends of the days of old. Governor Wells made the presentation speech, to which the graceful actress responded. For three

nights the theatre was crowded in her honor.

citizens of Heber met in WaterWorks for Heber City.—The

massmeeting on the 24th to consider the waterworks question, and, with a large majority, passed a resolution to bond the city for the purpose of establishing a water system from a spring in the mountains a mile and a half east of Heber to Main Street. The necessary steps will

doubtless be taken by the legally constituted authorities, and it looks now as if Heber would have a water system. Other towns similarly situated should follow the example. Much of the ill health of the settlements would be avoided if there were proper provisions made for water.

Condemning the "Mormons."—The religious combinations of the

land still persist in condemning the Latterday Saints, and in making sensational resolutions destined to create prejudice against "the iniquity of 'Mormonisra,'"as they call it. Thus, on the 24th, the Methodists'

general Conference at Los Angeles, California, passed a resolution asking

Congress to "enact a constitutional amendment that will make impossible certain practices of 'Mormonism'in any part of the United States or in any country subject to its jurisdiction."On the same day the Baptists, in Cleveland, Ohio, passed resolutions against "the unAmerican

and lawless attitude of the 'Mormon'hierarchy,"and on the same day, at

Buffalo, N. Y., the Presbyterian general convention passed a resolution

heartily commending the "work of the Christian women of all denominations in carrying on such a successful campaign against the iniquity of 'Mormonism.'"On the 26th, at Dallas, Texas, the general assembly of

the Cumberland Presbyterian Church resolved that ministers and laymen

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 731

"use all their influence against the spread of the doctrine of the 'Mormon'Church,"On the 25th, at the close of the Biennial Convention of the General Federation of Women's Clubs, St. Louis, a resolution was

passed, extending the thanks of that organization "to the United States

Senate, for the investigation into an organization which controls its adherents morally, politically and commercially,"and condemning the "systematic effort of that body to undermine the Christian standards of marriage, and to dominate state and national legislation, "and further urging upon the senators to take such legislative action as will "prevent the recognition of a power which undermines moral standards, and advocates the continuance of practices which are contrary to the principles of the American people."Mrs. C. E. Allen, of Utah, made a bitter speech

supporting the resolution, and Miss Alice Reynolds, of Utah, the only "Mormon"woman in the convention, tried to make a response, saying:

"If the resolution relates to the laws of my country and my people, there is another side you must hear. The 'Mormon'women stand for purity;"

(here her ringing tones were heard to the farthest corners of the hall) "to find a 'Mormon'woman who does not, would be as difficult to discover as the proverbial 'needle in the haystack.'As a Democrat, I have

voted in freedom; so have most of my people. Look into things, and get

the facts before you attempt to pass such a resolution as this. The

off, in the middleof a sen-'Mormon'women"—but here she was choked

tence, on the score that the discussion was out of order.

Notwithstanding all these resolutions, the Latterday Saints are pursuing the even tenor of their way, training their children in the love of Christ and the gospel, and seeking the welfare of all, preaching the gospel in humility, and bearing testimony to the mission of Christ in all the world. They appear to be the only really Christian organization in

the world; the absurdity of attacking the virtue, loyalty, and social life

of the Latterday Saints, can only be thoroughly understood by people familiar with the common mode of Christian life, and with that of the

Saints.

Arrival of 29th Infantry.—On the morning of the 25th, the

Twentyninth Infantry, under Col. Benjamin F. Lockwood, arrived in

Salt Lake City, and the Colonel took command of the military post at

Ft. Douglas. Among the officers are Major Thurston and Captain Briant

S. Wells and Lieutenant W. H. Point, all of whom are well known in

Salt Lake City, the latter two being at home here. Companies K and M

went straight through to Price, whence they will march to Ft. Duchesne,

under command of Captains Robert H. Allen and Charles H. Paine and

others. 732 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the 26th, Adolph Death of Adolph Jessen and Mr. Allred.—On

Jessen of Salt Lake, and his assistant, Hugh Allred, of Spring City, came to their death, near Bingham, while surveying a placer claim, their steel tape which they held while measuring coming in contact with a live wire of the Telluride Power Co., killing both men instantly. Mr. Jessen was

fiftythree years of age, a native of Germany, a brilliant and well known engineer, and an estimable citizen, having been engaged twentyfour years in Salt Lake City and in the State, in mining, newspaper work, and engineering. He was wellrespected in every walk of life, and his death>

under the conditions, is a great public calamity. Hugh Allred was an

estimable young man, twentynine years of age, respected in his home city. He leaves a wife and one child.

The Brigham Young University.—The report of the presidency

of the Brigham Young University, for the 28th academic year ending

May 26th, shows that the University was in session thirtyeight weeks;

with an enrollment in the preparatory school of two hundred and thirtyfive; high school and normal school, including training school and kindergarten, seven hundred and fiftythree; commercial school, one hundred and fiftynine; music school, three hundred and one; the college,

sixtythree; making an enrollment at Prove of one thousand two hundred and ten. The enrollment at the Beaver Branch was one hundred

and ninetyone, making a grand total of one thousand four hundred and one students. There are fortyseven regular salaried teachers, with

three on part salary. The faculty at Beaver consists of seven regular

teachers. There were seven hundred and fifteen bound volumes added

to the library during the year. At least one of its professors has been

abroad studying, and for the year to come Professor N. L. Nelson, of

this university, will go abroad.

Utah Naval Students at Annapolis.—On the 31st, the second

and third classes of the midship men of the naval academy at Annapolis were notified of their formal standing. Three Utah boys stand well in

the ranks of their classes, viz., William C. Barker, of Ogden, stands second in the third class; Stephen W. Wallace, of Salt Lake, stands ninth

in the same class; Robert L. Irvine, of Salt Lake, is twentyfifth in the

second class.

Vale, 42 Islington.—Since March, 1855, when Apostle Franklin

D. Richards first rented 42 Islington, Liverpool, the headquarters of the

British and European missions have continued in that old place until the -early part of May, this year, when the headquarters of the British and

JEuropean mission were removed and changed to 10 Holly Road, Fairfield,

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 73a

Liverpool, to which latter address all mail for the Liverpool office should hereafter be addressed. The Millennial Star of May 5 notices the change,

and calls attention to the many historical reminiscences connected with old 42, and closes with these words: "It has served its period of usefulness. The work accomplished beneath its roof is recorded in books

that time cannot destroy; and we leave it with thankful hearts for the

many blessings with which the Lord has blessed His Church, for the thousands that have accepted the gospel plan of life and salvation, for all the good that he has permitted to be done, and for the happy memories that, in the minds of the Saints, will always be associated with 42

Islington."Walter M. Woolfe has been i-eleased from his labors in th&

Liverpool office, and with the Star of May 26, Nephi Anderson, well known to readers of the Era, makes his initial bow to the public as associate editor.

15th, New Bishops Ordained.—In Salt Lake City, on Sunday,

Edwin F. Parry was chosen and sustained bishop of the Sixteenth Ward,

vice George R. Emery, who is new in the presidency of the Salt Lake

Stake. Elder Parry chose as his counselors, Alfred Winn and Alfred

Gardiner. In Salt Lake City, on Sunday, 22nd, at a meeting held in the

Twelfth Ward, Thomas A. Williams was chosen and sustained bishop of

the ward, vice Hyrum B. Clawson, resigned. Elders Charles W. Hardy

and Heber K. Aldous were chosen counselors by Bishop Williams, in

Spring City, on Sunday, 29th, the bishopric of that ward was organized with Lauritz 0. Larsen, bishop, and John S. Bain and Henry A. Acord,

counselors.

Died.—In the Twentyseventh Ward, Salt Lake City, 18th, Caroline

D. West, a Relief Society Worker. In Ferron, Emery Co., 19th, William

Taylor, first bishop of Ferron. In Salt Lake City, 19th, Joseph Clark

Stickley, a High Priest in the Granite Stake; born April 3, 1819, in West

Andover, Miss.; joined the Church in 1842; came to Utah in pioneer days,,

and for some twenty years was president of the High Priests'Quorum in the Utah Stake of Zion. In Twin Groves, Fremont Co., Idaho, Sunday,

22nd, Catherine N. Barlow, a pioneer of Washington Co., Utah; born

Manchester, England, March 17, 1827. In Salt Lake City, 24th, Phoebe

Wolstenholm; born London, 1821; came to Utah in 1854; a hospitable

and kind hearted woman of strong character. In Farmers'Ward, this

city, 24th, Annie Pulsipher Jones, a pioneer of Cache Co., born Shropshire, England, 1823. In Logan, Peter Afflick, Thursday, 26th; one of the

oldest residents of that city; born Oct. 26, 1834. In Weston, Idaho, Friday,

734 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

27th, John H. Clark, bishop of that ward; born seventy years ago; a pioneer of Cache and Bear Lake valleys. In Mendon, Saturday, 28th,

Henry Hughes, formerly bishop of that ward; born in Wales, fifty years

ago. In Sugar House, Granite Stake, 30th, Charles G. Walker; one of

the guards in Echo Canyon during the Johnston army trouble, and a

Black Hawk veteran. In Salt Lake City, Monday, 30th, Harriet A.

Hardy, wife of the late Bishop Leonard W. Hardy; born Lunenburg,

Mass., March 9, 1828; came to Utah in 1850.

working in his field, at Death op Joseph N. Haywood.—While

Thatcher, Arizona, Joseph N. Haywood was accidentally killed, on Friday, May 10. He is said to have been the first child born in Nephi, Utah,

having been born on the 18th of November, 1851. He filled a mission

to New Zealand in 1888; acted as stake clerk for some time, and for

four years was bishop of the Alpine Ward of the St. Johns Stake of Zion.

New President Chosen.—On the 16th, William W. Riter was

chosen president of the Board of Regents of the University of Utah, to fill the vacancy caused by the death of Hon. James Sharp.

President Theodore New Forest Reserve.—By proclamation of

Roosevelt, on the 26th of May, 1904, the Salt Lake forest reserves were created, covering such parts of the Wasatch Mountains from City Creek

Canyon to below the Cottonwoods, as have not heretofore been selected for mineral, agricultural or grazing purposes. This makes the eighth reserve in Utah.

Local—June, 1904.

P. Margetts New Bishop Chosen.—On Thursday, June 2, Charles

was sustained as bishop of the Seventh Ward, Salt Lake City, Pioneer

Stake, vice William Thorn, who resigned on account of his age and feeble health, after a service of thirtyfour years. Elder Margetts chose as his

counselors Elders Alfred T. Thorn and Laurentius Dahlquist.

five hundred and Democratic State Convention.—There were

twentyfour delegates appointed from the twentyseven counties of Utah to meet for the purpose of electing six delegates and six alternates to the National Democratic Convention at St. Louis. Nearly all met in the

Salt Lake Theatre, on the 9th, and the following were chosen: Member

National Committee.—David Henry Peery, Salt Lake. National Dele-

J. Cannon, Weber; Joseph Monson, Cache; Joseph L. Rawgates.—Frank

lins, Salt Lake; Simon Bamberger, Salt Lake; Sam. A. King, Utah; George

C. Whittemore, Juab; Alternate Delegates.—A. L. Lovey, Salt Lake;

EVENTS OF THE MONTH. 735

A. R. Weeter, Summit; Elizabeth J. D. Roundy, Salt Lake; Mrs. J. Fewson Smith, Salt Lake; John R. Barnes, Davis; E. R. Davis, Utah.

Domestic—May, 1904.

Death op Senator Quay.—Senator Stanley Matthew Quay died

at Beaver, Penn., on May 28. He was a man who had dominated

politically one of the richest and most populous commonwealths of the union for thirty years. He made and unmade its governors, congressmen, mayors and other officials, and, as is stated in the Literary Digest,

"at the same time has been the admiration, the wonder and the horror of politicians of various ethical standards."He served in the Civil War,

was a man of fine literary tastes, and was always loyal to his friends and to his words, but was a man of more vigor, energy and brilliancy than of moral qualities. He was born at Dellsburg, Pa., September 30,

1833. His present term would have expired in 1905.

of May, it was reported that Massacred by Moros.—On the 23rd

fiftythree Filipinos were massacred by Moros, in Mindanao, on May 12.

These were mostly women and children who were employed by the government, and were surprised while asleep.

six School Teachers From Porto Rico.—On the 26th of May,

hundred young women, who were teachers in the schools of Porto Rico, started for New York. Four hundred of these will be instructed at Harvard and two hundred at Cornell. About half the cost, or nearly thirty

thousand dollars, will be met by contributions from the people of the states, and each teacher gives one month's salary for the expenses of this

visit.

Foreign—May, 1904.

France and the Pope.—It is distictly understood that the papacy

has never abandoned its claims to temporal power, and considers yet the existing Italian government a usurpation. For this reason the authorities at the Vatican resent the recent visit of President Loubet, of

France, who is the head of a Catholic state, to the king of Italy, as an affront, and express their views in a protest to the French government and to other governments which had diplomatic relations with the Vatican.

This is the cause for the French government recalling their ambassador to the Holy See, on May 21st, straining still further the relations between the French government and the Vatican, which relations were already highly embittered by the suppression of schools conducted by the Catholic orders in France, heretofore not in the columns.

736 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Kidnapped Americans.—On the 18th Moorish brigands kidnapped

and carried off into the mountains, for ransom, an American citizen of

Greek parentage, who resided at Tangier, together with his stepson.

The man's name was Ian Perdicaris, and his stepson, of English descent, was Mr. Cromwell Varley. President Roosevelt ordered the South

Atlantic squadron, commanded by Admiral Chadwick, to proceed to Tangier to urge the Moorish government for their release, and the British government has also sent a war ship to Tangier to protect foreigners.

For some time Morocco has been disturbed by insurrection, and the reign of the present Sultan is liable to end in great trouble. Perdicaris

was born in the U. S. consulate at Athens, April 1, 1840. His American home is at Trenton, New Jersey, but he has spent most of his time

at Tangier, where he had built a splendid palace, spending thousands of dollars in the sanitation and improvement of the city, and in benefactions to the poor. He had often had as guest the brigand Rasoulli, who,

on the 18th, broke in upon a dinner party, with his followers, and took

Mr. Perdicaris and his stepson, as unwilling guests, to his mountain retreat, and for whom he is now seeking a ransom in money.

The Battle of Nan Shan Hill.—On the 26th of May, one of the

fiercest attacks of modern times was made by the Japanese army upon the Russians. They captured Kin Chau and the heights beyond. The

battle lasted two days, ending in a sweeping victory for the Japanese over the Russians, by which they cleared the way towards Port Arthur.

The Russians report their losses as thirty officers and eight hundred men killed or wounded. They blew up or damaged all their guns, which

the Japanese had not put out of action. The Japanese losses were

thirtyone officers and seven hundred and thirteen noncommissioned officers and men killed, one hundred officers and twelve sergeantmajors, and three thousand, four hundred and sixty noncommissioned officers and men wounded. The real fighting was practically confined to May

25 and 26. 'l II 1 H-H-!*+4'+4-JW-4-4-HH "I1 Mini M -M 'MM

The"1900"WASHEHi Organs.

Do you want one? We have Saves Women's Lives.

several Choice Organs on hand which we are closing out from PERFECl t $15 to $45 WASHIIC Write us at once for full information. Everything MACUIIL

known in Music. All mail

ordeis receive prompt attention. Id II BSE

IIUTIUI

STATE AGENTS FOR THE

breauini? a thread and Carpets PIANOLA. *** Washes Lace Curtains without ease. with perfect

Price $t2.00ICarstensen &

isfactory. sa inc. Anson Co., I Money refunded in 30 days if not Jos,, a F. Hanson Furniture Co, Gen. Agenti

TEMPLE OF WtSIC. Brlgham City, Utah

, Local Agts,Salt Lake City Street, - Salt Lake 74 Main City. '. *. BarnesHardyWrite fur ForticiUnrsOo & Testimonial* Music Co. Successors to Daynes

I - I- i.. i. I ||ii, i.. i., i.. i.. i.. i,. i.. i., i.. i.. i..i..Hm

THE FIRST VOLUME OF

B. H. ROBERTS'GREAT WORK

WITNESS FOR GOD"'%m Is the propertv of the GE'ERAL BOARD

I. A. OF Y. M. M

Every student of the Senior Manual for 1903-4 should read it. The subject treated is:

JOSEPH SIVIITH flS il WITIIESS FOR GOD

While the Associations are nov studying the subject:

ft OJITNESS FOt| GOD. THE BOOK OF fflOHfflOJl flS

Every member should read both volumes Send for the first volume for yourselves and your librarif-s.

Price 1 50 Postpaid.

I. A. Order from Y. M. M.

214 TEMPLETON BUILDING, - - S-LT LAKE CITY.

% (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the EBa*)fc

THE RIO GRANDE WESTERN AriD THE DENVER AND RIO GRANDE

Best Itoeal Train Servlee in Utah.

From ten to forty minotes the fastest line between Ogfden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with througfh sleeping'and dining: cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago,

jt ji J* MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE,

For Rates, etc., enquire of Local Agent or

write I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake CitY

Oregon Short Line Railroad

Operating 1262 Miles of Railroad througb the Thriving states of

UTAH. IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROAD fo BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST.

WIVE DAIIiY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN.

The fastest Service to All Points East.

UY YOUR TICKETS VIA THE SHORT LINE."UTAH'S

FAVORITE RAILROAD.

City Ticket Office, No. 201 Main Street, Salt Lake City

r, M. iCHUMACHER. denerai Traflic Maa99r. 0. E. BURLED, Oen. Paaa and Ticktt At

. H. BANCROFT. VicaPrBSt. and Genera/ Manager

<Whii writinr to AdTrti*rs, picas* m ention tha Bra.)

YOl ARE DELIDING YOURSEUF Telephone 351. WHEN YOl SAY,

Jos.Wm.Taylor,

LTAH'S LEADING UNDERTAKER "A Telephone

AND LICENSED EMBALMER. distance.

Fine runeral Chapel, Private Par- "telephone lor, Show Rooms and Morgue. would be of

OrriCE OPEN DAY AND NIGHT.

21, 23, 25 South West Temple St. no use to me

SALT LAKE CITT, UTAH.

at the house."

TRY IT AND SEE.

ORLAN CLYDE CULLEN, Ask any of your many COUNSELORAT-LAW.

friends who have it. U. 8. Supreme Court, Registered Attorney U. S. Patent Office, United States and

Foreign Patents, Caveats, Trade Marks and J"* J"

Oopyrlgbts.

ONE DOLLAR PER MONTH IS No. 700 7th Street, N. W.

Opp. U. 8. Patent Office. WA8HINQT0N.D.C. TOO CHEAP TO REQUIRE

ARGUMENT.

The History zOFz GOOD JOSEPH SIBITH COflli."BY HIS MOTHER

ItUCY SJWITH, A Cotnfoirtlnsat'anee Policy. Is now on sale. Handsomely

bound in cloth. Price

161 ]VIeighn St. Sl.OO

On Sale at Office of

Successor to HHPHOyElBEBT ERA, PLEASANT VALLEY

COAL CO. 214 Templeton

SALT LAKE CITY, - - - UTAH (When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Erfi|)..CIIHPEJITERS'TOOhS..

of An Impoirtant Biraneh Hat'duJare.

We can supply any number of full Kits of the best tools manufactured. Many tools are necessary articles in every family,

occasions to use them being of almost daily occurrence.

The superior quality of our tools is universally recognized.

Carpenters and joiners are unanimous in praising them. All our

hardware is spoken of in a similar strain. We make a point of

carrying nothing but the best goods in every line, and our prices are the lowest at which the best goods canbe sold. 2

r> llll'T Xtah*s Greatest Department Store

GOODS GO.]HR.TH0PSDHY

I I 'I 'I 'I '! "I 'I"I. I Inl 'I IM I I:"'a I I MI H"I"I: I I a I H I

iMIDSUIWM&RCLEflRflNGE

.4 # #

. *V <$ C <

ti><0** ** (When writing to Advertisers, please rcention the Era.)