THE KEY TO SAFETY

A fire insurance policy is your key to safety. It safeguards your investment. In case of fire you are assured

of prompt payment of loss.

Protect yourself against loss from fire.

Ask for a UTAH HOME FIRE policy

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

a De Vry Motion PicTHEN you buy 7 ture Projector or Stereopticon for your

Ward House you know you have the best.

W. H. Shurtliff Go.

51415 Clift Building

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERTV Prepaid Parcel Post to any part of the United States If paid In advance, 20c extra wn encli garment to Canada or Mexico.

These Approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here

In our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

pirces on market. Mail your order t<> us now and say you saw It In the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY. GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light summer weight bleached *1.40

11 Light weight cotton 1.1*0

20 Light weight cotton blenched 1.75

60 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

00 Heavy weight cotton unbleached.. 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture 3.00

16 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white Silklleen 3.40

18 All Merino Wool... 5.50

Sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 length, as desired. Longer than 64

inches or over 44 In. bust, each size 20c extra. Garments with double

backs 25c extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top < f

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for le*ss than two garments not

accepted. coats, Jersey goods and underwear, also sweater manufacture We * coats. shir* flannel and Mackinaw

MODEL KNITTING WORKS PRANKLVN CHRISTIANSON, Manager

S7 Tverson St., Salt Lake Cty, Utah Phone Hy. 516

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

AFTER THE STORMS

Lo, in the East once more the risen sun

Bathes the wide landscape in a golden light;

In calm and richness is this day begun,

And ends the storm and tumult of the night.

The lightnings cleft the dark in lurid streams,

And thunders echoed from the windswept cloud,

The troubled night was like a night of dreams

When life with death is wrapped within a shroud.

Yes, dread that storm which swept the darkened skies,

That filled the night with sounds of driven rain,

And still remembrance in my being lies,

To voice a love's stress and pain: heartstorm—lost

Now lifts the sun, the night's wild tumults cease;

Unto my soul there comes this hour of peace.

ALFRED LAMBOURNE

The Meeting of the Waters Shoshone River from Big Butte, Idaho

Photo by Joseph Shanks After the meeting of the waters, those from the Henry

Lake, in the Yellowstone National Park, those from the westwardTetons, the Snake River,—the Shoshone—moves

through deep gorges in the lava plains and makes its terrific plunge at the Twin and the Shoshone Falls, to later mingle with the Columbia and pass at Tillamook Rock

Light, into the Pacific—the western main.

In our picture the Tetons are seen above the foothills, thrusting their sharp summits into the skies, and white with the first autumnal snow. The Tetons—so they were

named by the French trappers. A Greek would most

likely have called them the Titans, a Scandinavian or German, the Yotuns or the Giants. Whatever we may call

them, the Tetons are the most savage mountains of the Interior Western Land.

A. L.

1Vol. XXV NOVEMBER, 1921 No.

The "Mormons"and the United States

Flag

By B. H. Roberts, of the First Council of Seventy

If respect and honor for the flag of one's country tends to establish loyalty to that country, then the "Mormons"have a strong claim to loyalty, by the evidence of such respect and honor for the flag. Even in the last months of their stay in the

city of Nauvoo, and with every certainty that in the spring of 1846 they would be driven from their homes and expatriated from their country, the flag of the United States continued to wave from the tower of the Nauvoo temple. This flag belonged

personally to President Brigham Young, and was brought by him to Utah. It is likely also that this was the flag under which

the Mormon Battalion was mustered into service, at Council

Bluffs, in July, 1846. Colonel Kane, who was present during

the mustering in of the Battalion, says, "An American flag was brought out from the storehouse of things rescued [i. e. from the

debacle at Nauvoo] and hoisted to a tree mast—and in three

days the force was reported, mustered, organized and ready to march."It may also have been this flag which, before the close

of the year 1847, was raised within the fort erected on the present site of Salt Lake City, which event the late "Mormon"poetess, Eliza R. Snow, celebrated in her "Ode to the Flag."She

arrived in Salt Lake City with one of the first companies following the Pioneers, and entered Salt Lake Valley in September or October. "Soon after our arrival in the valley,"she writes,

"a tall liberty pole was erected, (planted in Mexican soil) and from its summit the Stars and Stripes seemed to float with even more significance, if possible, than they were wont to do on eastern breezes."Then in her Biography follows the

4 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Ode to the Flag,"though doubtless the Ode was not written until some years later, probably 1865 "I love that flag! When in my childish glee

A prattling girl, upon my grandsire's knee

I heard him tell strange tales, with valor rife,

How that same flag was bought with blood and life.

"And his tall form seemed taller when he said, 'Child, for that flag thy grandsire fought and bled!

My young heart felt that every scar he wore,

Caused him to prize that banner more and more.

"I caught the fire, and as in years I grew,

I loved the flag; I loved my country, too.

"There came a time that I remember well

Beneath the Stars and Stripes we could not dwell!

We had to flee; but in our hasty flight

We grasped the flag with more than mortal might;

"And vowed, although our foes should us bereave

Of all things else, the flag we would not leave.

We took the flag; and journeying to the West,

We wore its motto graven on each breast."

"Well do I know the spot,"said William H. Hooper, Utah's

delegate to Congress, "where the first liberty pole was raised, and from the top of which floated the Stars and Stripes, while yet the country was known as Mexican territory."(Speech

against the Ashley Bill to dismember the territory of Utah,

House of Representatives, Congressional Globe, February 25, 1869.) On the occasion of the first celebration of the anniversary of the entrance of the Pioneers into Salt Lake Valley, held July 24, 1849, we get another glimpse of President Young's flag and the authority for identifying it with the flag that waved from the tower of the Nauvoo temple, and probably the one under which the Mormon Battalion was mustered into the United States service. Under date of July 23, 1849, the Journal History of

President Young (Ms.) tells of the preparation being made

for the celebration of the entrance of the Pioneers into Salt Lake valley, in the course of which he says: "Captain Tyler and the

artillerist were busy in the office making cartridges for the cannon. In the evening my flag that used to fly from the Nauvoo

temple was hoisted at the east side of the bowery."From which

circumstances we know that the United States flag was brought with the Pioneers from Nauvoo to Salt Lake City. In his History

Journal for the next day, July 24, the President also says: "At

half past seven (a. m.) a large national flag measuring sixtyfive feet in length was unfurled at the top of the liberty pole,

which is one hundred feet high, and was saluted with the firing

THE "MORMONS"AND THE UNITED STATES FLAG 5

of six guns, the ringing of the Nauvoo bell and spiritstirring airs from the band. (History of President Young, Ms., dates July

23 and 24, 1849.) These circumstances connected with the departure of the Latterday Saints from Nauvoo to Salt Lake valley, clearly establish their respect and loyalty to the flag of their

country. For, from these early days until now, that flag has

been honored in Utah.

There has been one error promulgated in respect to the

United States flag and "Mormon"history that I think, for the sake of accuracy in our history, ought to be corrected. This is

the quite generally accepted idea or "understanding"that on the 26th day of July, when what is now called "Ensign Peak"was first visited by President Young and a group of Pioneers, they there and then raised a United States flag and named the mount "Ensign Peak."There is no evidence that they raised any

flag on that mount at that time, or that they at all referred to the flag of the United States, when speaking of an "Ensign"in relation to that "hill"in the side of the mountain. They were merely

out exploring the Salt Lake valley northward, and extended their short journey as far as the Hot Springs, during which they climbed the hill we now call "Ensign Peak."Had such an event

as raising the United States flag taken place at that time, it certainly would have been recorded in the journal of some of the men present. Brigham Young gave the mountain its name, and

makes an entry of that fact in his journal, but says nothing of any flag incident. Neither does Wilford Woodruff, who was

given to recording details in his journal, and who relates the incident of naming "Ensign Peak"at length. The following is

the complete entry upon the subject in Elder Woodruff's journal "Monday, July 26, 1847. We went north of the camp about five miles,

and we all went on to the top of a high peak in the edge of the mountain, which we considered a good place to raise an ensign. So we named it

'Ensign Peak,'or 'Hill.'I was the first person that ascended this hill, which

we had thus named. Brother Young was very weary in climbing to the

peak, he being feeble [had not yet recovered from effects of mountain fever.] We then descended to the flat, and started north to visit some hot

sulphur springs."

The "Ensign"that these Latterday Saint Pioneers had in mind, and of which they had frequently spoken enroute, was something larger and greater than any national flag whatsoever;

and what it was meant to represent was greater than any earthly kingdom's interest, and I speak not slightingly of earthly kingdoms either; but this "Ensign,"in the minds of the "Mormon"

Pioneers concerned not one nation, but all nations; not one epoch

or age, but all epochs and all ages; not nationality, but humanity.

It was to be the sign and ensign of the Empire of Christ, it was 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA

a prophecy of the time to come when "the kingdoms of this world would become the kingdoms of our Lord and of his Christ;

and when he shall reign forever and forever."(Revelations 11:

15.) On the occasion of calling the pioneers'camp together for reproof and instruction while yet on the Platte river, on the 29th day of May, President Young referred to this "Standard of Zion."

Wilford Woodruff, after relating how the President addressed himself to the few nonmembers of the Church present in the camp, and how they would be protected in their rights—but they

must not introduce wickedness into the camp, "for it would not be suffered"—said:

"He then spoke of the 'Standard'or 'Ensign'that would be reared in

Zion to govern the kingdom of God, and the nations of the earth, for every nation would bow the knee and every tongue confess that Jesus wasthe Christ; and this will be the Standard—'The Kingdom of God and his

Law.'* * * And on the Standard would be a flag of every nation

under heaven, so there would be an invitation to all nations under heaven to come unto Zion."

This was the significance of naming Ensign Peak, on that 26th day of July, 1847. It was the gathering of Israel out of all

nations to the Standard of Zion that the Pioneers were thinking of, as is evidenced by many subsequent sermons in which the texts were: Revelation 11:15; also Daniel 2 and 7.

"And it shall come to pass in the last days that the mountain of the

Lord's house shall be established in the tops of the mountains, and all nations shall flow unto it. And many people shall go and say, Come ye, and

let us go to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob;

and he will teach us of his ways, and we will walk in his paths; for out

of Zion shall go forth the law, and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem."

"And it shall come to pass in that day that the Lord shall set his hand the second time to recover the remnant of his people. * * * And he

shall set up an Ensign for the nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of

Israel, and gather together the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth. "All ye inhabitants of the world, and dwellers on the earth, see ye, when he lifteth up an Ensign on the mountains; and when he bloweth a

trumpet, hear ye."

These and other texts from Isaiah were woven into a discourse by Orson Pratt the Sunday following, viz., August 1, 1847.

(Woodruffs Journal, entry August 1.)

Later this "Zion Ensign"idea inspired Parley P. Pratt's

muse in the following verses:

ZION'S STANDARD Lo! the Gentile chain is broken; See, on younder distant mountain,

Freedom's banner waves on high; Zion's standard wide unfurled,

List, ye nations! by this token Far above Missouri's fountain,

Know that your redemption's nigh. Lo! it waves for all the world.

THE "MORMONS"AND THE UNITED STATES FLAG 7

Freedom, peace and full salvation Come, ye sons of doubt and wonder,

Are the blessings guaranteed Indian, Moslem, Greek or Jew;

Liberty to every nation, All your shackles burst asunder;

Every tongue, and every creed. Freedom's banner waves for you.

Come, ye Christian sects, and pagan, Cease to butcher one another,

Pope, and Protestant, and priest, Join the covenant of peace;

Worshipers of God or Dagon, Be to all a friend, a brother;

Come ye to fair freedom's feast. This will bring the world release.

Lo! the King! the great Messiah,

Prince of Peace, shall come to reign; Sound again, ye heavenly choir,

Peace on earth, good will to men.

This hymn to the Ensign or Standard of Zion was composed before July 24, 1849, for it was sung with great unction at the celebration of the second anniversary of the entrance of the

Pioneers into Salt Lake valley. (See History of Brigham Young,

Ms. entry for July 24, 1849.

The Psychology of Repentance

By Professor Enoch Jorgensen

Repentance is the discontinuance of any conduct under the firm impression that it is displeasing in the sight of God. It

embodies the following psychological steps:

1. The person recognizes wrong, feels his own inadequacy,

begins to see what might have been.

2. He regrets his shortcomings and longs for the better

life. 3. He resolves to eschew evil and reaches out for the good.

4. His resolution has its fulfilment in reformation, in

discontinuance of former conduct.

5. The changed life makes him desirous to make restitution so far as possible, to even up, for he begins to recognize the

law of compensation. He repents. Truly he finds renewed life,

salvation.

Sandy, Utah The Conquest of the Land of War

By J. M. Sjodahl

The following little bit of American history is, it seems to me, appropriate reading on the eve of the convening of the international congress in Washington, called in the interest of the limitation of armaments and peaceful intercourse of nations. It shows that the gospel of peace, when put to the practical test, is more powerful than the sword, in the battle of life.

The central figure in the story is Las Casas, a Dominican friar, a Spaniard of noble extraction by birth, and one of the most interesting characters among the pioneer discoverers and explorers of the New World. He came to the island of Hispaniola with Ovando in 1502, and spent many years there and

on the continent then just beginning to emerge out of obscurity. He labored incessantly against slavery and the oppression of the Indians, and succeeded in obtaining laws for

their protection. His literary productions are considered the

very foundation of American history, and he was in every respect a remarkable man.

The Spanish conquerors, as is well known, believed in force as the means of "converting"the natives. They held, in fact,

that the Americans, as "pagans"had no rights which the "Christians"were under obligation to respect. Many of the Spanish

pioneers came from a class of men that thought very little of the value of a human life. To get plunder they murdered without compunction, and the cruelties perpetrated in

Hispaniola, Mexico, Peru, etc., earned for the perpetrators an

evil reputation that spread far and wide. But, aside from this,

the spirit of the age was one of violence and cruelty. It was the

age of the Inquisition and the mistaken belief that pagans and heretics ought to be tortured and slain for the glory of God, unless they would join the church. Had not the great Augustine

said, "Compel them to come"? That was the spirit of the age.

There was no regard for the free agency of man. Liberty of

conscience was a principle not known, or at least meaningless.

In the year 1511, suddenly, a voice, strange but powerful was heard in the wilderness. Father Montesino, in his church

at San Domingo, told the Spaniards that they were living in mortal sin because of their greed and cruelty, and that they were no nearer heaven than Moors and Turks. An awful heresy at

THE CONQUEST OF THE LAND OF WAR 9 that time! But he had seen a light and he followed it. He

continued to tell his hearers, in words that pierced them like daggers, that eternal torment was awaiting them and that the sacraments would he refused to any man who should engage in the slave trade or maltreat the Indians.- Glory to the memory of Montesino!

Las Casas was converted.

Ajt first he saw the light but dimly, but he grew rapidly in knowledge and comprehension, and in due time he recognized the brotherhood of man, regardless of color. He then maintained that to make war upon infidels and pagans merely because of their religion is a sin, and that the only right and lawful way f bringing men to Christ is by reason and persuasion.

Las Casas, in advocating this doctrine at that time took his life in his hands, and that he escaped the Inquisition is a marvel.

Scoffers were numerous. Let this impractical idealist, they

said, try to convert a tribe of Indians and make them keep peace, and he will soon find that something more practical is needed than words of love.

Las Casas took them at their word.

Just to the north of Guatemala and bordering upon Yucatan there is a mountainous, almost inaccessible territory to which had been given the name of "The Land of War."The

inhabitants were fierce fighters, savage and inhospitable. Three

times the Spaniards had tried to take that country, but each time they had been defeated and driven back. Las Casas decided to demonstrate the truth of his doctrine of the power

of love in that unpromising field.

Having obtained the necessary guarantees of noninter- ference by the Spanish authorities, Las Casas and his colaborers began to put their doctrine into verse in the Quiche language.

The story of the fall, redemption, the life of Christ, judgment, etc., was told in simple, yet elegant composition, and the verses

were set to native music, to be chanted to the accompaniment of Indian primitive instruments.

Next, four Indian traders were found. The affection of

these young men was gained, and they were taught to recite and sing the poems. When the traders had been thoroughly

instructed, they were sent to the principal pueblo, or city, in the Land of War, the Indian name of which was Tuzulutlan.

They carried with them ample supplies of mirrors, bells, knives, and such things as they could use for barter.

Arrived at their destination, the four Indians traded with the people as usual. In the evenings they gathered them together and, to the accompaniment of drums and timbrels,

chanted their sacred couplets. Day after day these entertain10 IMPROVEMENT ERA

merits were given. The people became interested. The traders

were beset with questions. And they explained that they had

learned their stories of holy men, who, though white, were different from the Spaniards. They drew pictures of the monks.

The result was that the chief sent a friend to Guatemala to investigate, and to invite the holy men to visit Tuzulutlan if the investigations ended satisfactorily. In due time the friars were

invited to come. Father Luis de Barbastro, who spoke the language most fluently, was the first to go. In six months the

cacique and several chiefs had been converted. A little church

had been built, and by vote of the common tribal council human sacrifices had been made unlawful.

Then Las Casas arrived. It was a time of excitement among

the people. Their priests were furious. They clamored for

the death of the strangers. The church was burned down by

incendiaries. But the master mind of Las Casas asserted itself,

and through his gentle influence, the people voluntarily destroyed their idols, and the cacique acknowledged the sovereignty of the king of Spain. And thus one of the great victories of history was won without the sword.

John Fiske in Discovery of America, Vol. II., p. 472, well

says: "So when the stern conqueror and lord of Guatemala,

coming forth to greet Las Casas and the Indian king, took off his plumed and jeweled cap, and bent his head in reverence, it seems to me one of the beautiful moments of history, one of the moments that comfort us with the thought of what yet may be done with frail humanity when the Spirit of Christ shall have come to be better understood."

The Fair Day

God gives to me this glorious day

Of snowclad peaks and bluebent skies

Wherein to love and dearly prize

The warmth of His celestial ray.

Sweet joy hath come again to reign!

(What of the tempest in my heart)

God smiles and all my fears depart;

Fresh hopes, like flowers, upspring again.

Ah, list! I hear yon blue bird sing,

Begone old grief, begone dull care, 'Mid warmth and sunshine, everywhere

Eternal Love! Eternal Spring!

Salem, Utah Minnie Iverson Hodapp

The Principle of Vision

By Professor Perry G. Holden*

I am not a "Mormon,"but I am a good friend of the "Mormons."

Perhaps only one other man in these United States has said more things outside of Utah, in behalf of the "Mormons,"and the great work which they have accomplished, than I, and that is Doctor A. E.

Winship, whom many of you know.

WHAT TO SAY I am reminded at this time of a little incident. Some

years ago it was my pleasure to be at a great Sunday School convention at Waterloo. They had had a great meeting and had listened to

some marvelous addresses, and as the boys thought they were about through they ran for their hats, but the presiding officer said:

"I have a friend here, boys, and I want him to say a few words to you."And they settled back with some discomfiture, and he stepped

before them and he said: "Boys, I don't know just what to say to

you this afternoon."And a boy way back in the back part of the

room didn't want to take any chances. He stood up a'nd flung his

hand a little and said: "Say, Mr., I can tell you what to say. Say,

'Amen,'and sit down."

Now, good people, for the few moments that it is my privilege and supreme pleasure to be before you, I hope that you will have the

Spirit of God in your souls, and that you will listen to what I say in the same spirit that I present the few things that I may be able to present at this time; and I am sure you will, because I have met you

people everywhere throughout this and other states, and it is a pleasure and a privilege that I cannot describe to you at this time to have this opportunity of talking for a few moments with you.

I want to say Amen, from the bottom of my soul, to the addresses which I have heard today, and this last addresst is such a wonderful thing that I wish that in some way it could be heard throughout the length and breadth of this land, as something that helps to dedicate and consecrate us to the great things which we can accomplish, if we but will.

*Professor Holden, of Chicago, is a man of national and international reputation as an extension worker. At the annual conference of the Church, in

April, 1921, he was a speaker, and was introduced by President Heber J. Grant.

Professor Holden's remarks are full of strong points and wise counsel, and worthy of careful consideration by the boys and girls of the Church. Editors.

fBy Richard R. Lyman, of the Council of the Twelve. See Conference Report, pp. 14246, April, 1921.

12 IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE CALF PATH OF OUR CHILDREN'S CHILDREN

I want to refer to a little poem to illustrate a great principle upon which all progress depends. Samuel Walter Foss wrote many

beautiful things. You know he wrote the wonderful little poem

entitled: "Let me live in my house by the side of the road, where

the race of men go by, men who are good and men who are bad, as littlegood and bad as I."And then he wrote another wonderful

: "The Calf Path."He tellspoem with a very common name, entitled

the story of this calf that went out to pasture one morning from

Boston, when it was a little shack of a town. At night the calf came

all benthome as all good calves do, but it made a very crooked trail, askew, winding in and out and round about through the brush. The

next day the old bell wether sheep took up this same trail and all the other good sheep followed, and a path was made through those primeval woods. Then the people followed this little path, winding

in and out and round about through the brush over to a neighboring settlement, and then they built little homes by the side of this path, and they cleared off the land and it became a road, and then they built houses and stores and it became a street. Then they built

great manufacturing plants by the side of it, and it became the avenue over which the commerce of a continent has passed. Samuel Walter

Foss then falters, and says: "But you know that was three

centuries ago, and I infer that the calf is now dead."The good

people of Boston cannot straighten that calf path today. You people

are building, have been building and are building a great empire. The

religion, the calf paths of homemaking, and the calf paths of calf paths that you have been making andhumanitymaking—those

will make for the next twenty or thirty years will be the calf paths that our children's children's children must tread for the thousands and the tens of thousands of years to come. Building so, putting the

very best that we have into our lives at this time, that we may help to make those calf paths straight, that it may be said a thousand and ten thousand years from today: O, they builded better than they

knew. I wonder if we begin to realize the tremendous responsibilities

that rest upon us at this hour and this day. People, I am wondering if

you will lose your great birthright; and what a birthright you have

Men and women like these who came here, came over this great continent, years ago and suffered as they suffered, lost their dear ones, as they did, and endured that they might come here and build up an empire that should represent their principles! They sacrificed

much.

THE MORMON"CHURCH AND THE PRINCIPLE OF VISION

And now, you know, people, I am wondering if you and I are willing to cross* a continent today, as they crossed a continent in those days that have gone by. If we are not willing to suffer as they

THE PRINCIPLE OF VISION 13

suffered, if we are not willing to go through what they went through, then we are losing our birthright. I fear there are many of us

younger people that would not endure, would not think of going through all that they have gone through; and don't you think for a

moment that there isn't just as much need of suffering today for principles, for rights, for our boys and girls, for our homes, and for America as there was in those days. The question is whether

we are consecrated, whether we are dedicated, whether we have a vision! In my estimation your Church illustrates better than anything I have ever known in all America, the great principle of vision.

Where there is no vision the people perish, and today you are blessed, because the people before you had a vision, and not only had a vision, but were willing to live and die for it if necessary. That is whac

made you great. I admire your great buildings, I admire your temple, I admire your fine buildings and schools that I find everywhere,

all over this land of yours; but, people, more than all, do you know

what I admire most? It is your people whom you have reared under

this religion of yours. When I said to you I was a friend of the

"Mormons,"I meant all that could be said in those words. It was

not to please you. It was because I believe in it. A religion that

will do what your religion has done, not only for the temporal things, but for human beings, for God, is certainly a great religion, and you ought to be proud of it. I want to say to you that the time is coming

when your religion is going to be understood as it should be understood, in this world, and I want to say that through some of the things that you have been doing, you have come into more favorable attention over the United States, within the last two or three years, than in all the time put together before.

You have thought of your boys, of your girls, of your homes, and it is the outgrowth of religion that made it possible to put through your legislatures that wonderful bill that prevents the use of cigarettes in this state, and I say it should go out to all of the states of this

Union. It is wonderful what your religion has done. Let me say to

you, that I fear sometimes that the people who enjoy it, who live here and have not been out, as some of us have, over all this great world, do not appreciate the greatness of what you have. I wish

that, some way, I could say it to you.

THE "MORMONS"LIKE OTHER PEOPLE WITH A DIFFERENCE

I wonder if you will pardon me for saying one or two little things? They may seem entirely out of place, but I couldn't help

but think of it as those words were uttered here by the former speaker. Last year, as I was in your state, I went out over it with

the hope of holding a large meeting with the one motto in mind that a state is made of men and women, and not of houses and factories and wealth. So, I went out. I was telling them, of your schools

14 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and your education, and as I was leaving Provo for a trip through to Ogden, where I was to speak, some of the people from the east with me on that commission, said: "Mr. Holden, these people look

: "Why, yes,"but I saidvery much like other people."And I said

that there is a good deal of difference in some respects, and I want to tell you of one or two of the things I have noticed, -as I have been out here working among these people. I will demonstrate it to you

I said, do you know anywhere through Colorado or Illinois or—and

Iowa, or everywhere you stop at a depot, that there you find young men about the depot, leaning up against the wall or railing, smoking and chewing and passing remarks about the people that get on and off the train? Now, I have gone up and down this state, and it

has been peculiar to me that I haven't observed that anywhere. And

they said nothing, and we got through to Ogden, and one of them turned to the other, "and then they turned to me, and said: "Mr.

Holden, we thought we would take you up on that statement,"and don't know howthey said, "We have made a good many stops"—Imany, twenty or thirty stops—"and we have yet to see the first young

man standing by the side of the depot smoking, on our trip through."

Now, I was glad that it didn't happen that there were any boys smoking while they were in my company.

OUR PRINCIPLES RIGHT, BUT ARE WE DRIFTING?

The other night, at Rexburg, at that wonderful little city—and

I want to say to you that you have a little city up there that i's year,setting an example to the rest of the world—throughout the

every year, all the program which you are putting over there, and which you have been putting over there, is wonderful. It is helpful.

It must go through all the United States, and you people are setting the example to us. As Mr. Ryan came down the street he was telling

this little incident: By the front of the town hall, there were a

1 iunch of young people gathered, and he went away first, then came ack and walked back and forth two or three times, that he might observe. During the time that he was there not a cigarette was in

evidence, not a cigar; neither was there any profane language, or

any language that wouldn't be proper before the father and the mother, and he told that incident there; and that has been my observation. Now people, your principles are right, but are we realizing,

are we living up to them fully, or are we drifting away just a little bit?

Now, I want to say, as I said to some people over at Payson the other day. "There are two kinds of audiences I like to speak to.

One is a penitentiary audience and another is a 'Mormon'audience for,"I said, "you know that no matter what happens or how late it is you know they will all be there until you get through."And you

know, good people, that one of the things that impressed so much

THE PRINCIPLE OF VISION 15

those eastern people, as they came here last year, was that when you open your meetings you open with a prayer, and ask that the people might have open hearts and willing souls to gather from what the speaker may say something to take home; and then they closed

with prayer that we shall take home some of these things and put them into our lives and into our practices. I hope you will never

give up those little customs, because they are wonderful. Another

thing that you are different in, the little courtesies, which you always have, that of your seeking to put respect and dignity into all things.

I must compliment you upon those things because they belong to you. And there are a good many things that stand for education

and you stand for the boys and the girls., as was said in these words

by the President, that if you will take care of the young men of the

Church today, and the young women, the young men and the young women will take care of the Church tomorrow.

DUTY IN THE HOME AN EXPERIENCE

Now we must do our duty in our homes. If the spirit of the

Lord is in your souls to such an extent, I! may tell you of an

experience and not be misunderstood, for it is not egotism. It is

just my wish to help to put into your souls and hearts those things that you can take back with you to make better homes, better education and a better Church, and so I want to tell of this little thing.

When growing up in our own home we had to work. It was so new,

we were one hundred and fifty miles from the end of the railroad, and we grubbed the stumps and worked; and they had a ball game,

and we wanted to go to the ball game on Saturday afternoon. Father

didn't seem to think that was worth while, and we got a notion into our heads that we were going to the ball game, and we would run away from home. We were passing from the barbarian stage, I

think, at that time. But that was, nevertheless, the situation. So,

we decided we were going down to the house and tell father we wouldn't work like this all the while, unless we had a chance to play a little bit. So, finally, it was decided to do it, and then the question

came as to who should go; and that was different! But finally, my

brother gave a suggestion, that may be, if all went down he wouldn't lick all of us. So we all started and went pretty fast for a ways.

Finally, we got to going a little slower, as the importance of the case dawned upon us; and, by the time we got pretty near to our house,

we saw father go out towards the barn. We let him go, and went to

the house and told mother instead of father. Father was one of

those stern, New England people who always said: "Boys, I guess

you had better do so and so, now,"—he never guessed but once, and

so you see how it was we told mother about it! I will never forget

as we came into the house, and my brother began to tell how we wasn't going to work like this, she turned and looked at us and then she rubbed out the piece of dough in her hand, looked down the side 16 IMPROVEMENT ERA once or twice, and when she was through she turned around and with a smile, she lined us up by the crack in the floor of the old log then she stood back and looked us over and she said:cabin—and

"Boys, you're not working too hard,"that is not what is ailing you, it is work that will make you. If you don't work you will be tramps,

you will be beggars and will be in the penitentiary somewhere."She

said: "No, I know what is the matter with you, you want to go down

to that ball game on Saturday."She had just touched the spot.

Now, I don't know how we got away from that place. I can't remember a thing about it. I think we just evaporated, but anyway on this

next Monday morning the thing happened in our home that transformed it and transformed our lives. I think father and mother had

had a consultation over our difficulties, over Sunday, and as Monday morning came and breakfast was over, father stood around a little out and cut didn't know what else to do—he wentand by and by—he

an armful of wood.

While he was out, mother spoke up and said: "Boys, why don't

you sit down and talk with your father a little while? May be you

can arrange to go to that ball game Saturday."Father came in.

He threw the wood in the box, and then he stood around again for a little while, and we all stood around. By and by mother saw the

situation, and I sometimes think that mothers have a little longer vision than fathers, and she said: "Father, it's raining this morning

a little, why don't you sit down and visit with the boys? I guess they

would like to talk to you."He sat out the chairs and mother started

about the work, but he said: "No, mother, we want you to sit down

with us for a few minutes."When we were seated he raised up his

hand like this, two or three times, and he said: "Boys, your mother

and I have been trying to get a little together so that you wouldn't have quite as hard a time getting started in the world as we had, but it is all for you. We can't take it with us. Now,"he said, "I

want you to help plan the work for this farm for next year."

I want to say to you, fathers and mothers, that that was the richest, and I think the best, thing ever said in our home. "I want

you to help me plan the work for this farm for next year!"The

sun was brighter, the grove was greener. My, I got through early

that day, and came around the corner to get the mail, but really to tell the boys all about what we were going to do on *the farm next year. On next Monday morning, when breakfast was over,

fatlieri said: "Boys don't you think it would be a good thing for us to

sit down for a few minutes and plan the work for the week?"So

from that day until my father's death, we sat down for a few moments, about fifteen to thirty minutes every Monday morning, and there we planned and talked over together the things we were to do.

The idea of us boys helping father plan the work! I remember

thif Monday morning, when we were through, father said: "Well,

THE PRINCIPLE OF VISION 17 boys, I have no criticism only this, you planned too much."He said,

"it might rain, or perhaps you would like to go to the ball game Sat- 1. Heurday afternoon."And now I want to say another little thing

said: "Boys, remember that when we agree to do certain things we

must do them, if it takes all night."And I have been glad a thousand times over what he said, and through all the years after, father

never carried out anything else that wasn't agreed on, unless we had a meeting and settled it.

GREAT MEN AND WOMEN MADE IN THE HOME

And I want to say, folks, if we are to have great men and women, with richness in their souls, truth in their lives, and reliability and dependability, we must make them in the home primarily.

It must not be turned over to the school alone, because it is a task that they can not handle alone, as much as they can do. And I have

been thankful that through all these years, no matter how trivial a thing was promised, that thing was granted.

One of your good citizens, you would know his name if I mentioned it, at Logan the other day came to me and said: "Mr. Holden,

I am sorry that I cannot hear you in the tabernacle today, because I promised my pupils that I would go up the canyon and eat dinner with them, and I mustn't disappoint them."You know how proud

I was of that citizen who was keeping faith with these dear boys and girls! That is one of the grandest things that could possibly be done.

THE INFLUENCE OF GREAT TEACHERS

Now people, just, one other thought, and I must close. I want to

refer to a little thing that has had a great influence on me throughout my life, and that was a great teacher. I was a good deal of

trouble to all of the teachers that came to me, and they troubled me a good deal. They seemed to think that, some way, they had to lick

me in order to settle everything for the whole school, and I guess that was all right, as I think about it, though I didn't at that time;

but the time came when we had a great teacher come into our midst, and that teacher wasn't looking for the bad that was in us. He was

looking for the good that was in us. I want to say to you people if

we go through this world looking for the bad, we find it everywhere, but if we go through this world looking for the good that is in it, we find it everywhere; and this teacher was looking for the good

in it. One time as I leaped out of the door of the school house, at

recess, I landed in his hands. I went out with a whoop and yell. You

could hear me half a block away, and he got me, and I thought my time had come, but instead of that I felt him pulling away at my chin, and he was smiling, and that was an event in my life, because no teacher ever smiled on me before. And as he pulled, tugged away

on it, he made a little remark. The great railroad had been built

18 IMPROVEMENT ERA

into Traverse city, and we had been down to see the great iron horse have lots of energy,that pulled the train—he said: "My boy, you

haven't you?"and I agreed to that all right. He said: "Do you

know, my boy, it is the same steam in an engine that makes it go ahead that makes it go backward. It all depends on which way you

pull the lever."Further he said: "Do you know, my boy, it is the

same energy in you that will make you go ahead and do> something worth while in this world or perhaps send you back into the penitentiary? It all depends on which way you pull the lever."And you

know, good people, up at Rexburg, as we went over to that industrial school, that little saying of that great teacher came into my mind, and at other times, that they had pulled the wrong lever. Y.our

Mutual Improvement association, nobody, or any thing, no father or great teacher had taken a hold of the very life of that very boy or girl at the right time, so they pulled in the wrong direction.

You know over in Chicago that seventythree per cent of the crimes and murders are committed by our young men, from the ages of 17 to 23 the time when we lose so many of them, just the years—just

time when they are full of the ambition to do something in this world, and they simply pull that lever in the wrong direction. Well, this

teacher didn't stop there. He said: "My boy, I would like if you

will do a little thing for me for thirty days and then if you like it, follow it all of your life."And do you know what it was? It was a

very simple little thing, but it has just made a wonderful difference in my life. He said: "When you get up in the morning, and look

out in this great, great world again, instead of getting up dreamy like, with your hands in your pockets, with a grouch on ready for trouble, just swing those good arms of yours a little and look out and see what a great day it is, the best day of all creation, because you have back of you all that humanity has accomplished, you are heir to it all."And he said: "It is the greatest day of all creation, because

you have ahead of you all of the things yet to be accomplished,"and then he continued. "Stop just long enough to hold up your right

hand and say: This day I will beat my own record. I will put

the best I have in this day's work."

THE SPIRIT OF COOPERATION

Why, Mr. President, there is power enough in this organization gathered here, to go back of certain fundamental things that you

are to put over for this year's work and accomplish it, no matter what the obstacles are; and when you put it over, it means that it will

go throughout the length and breadth of this land, and among the nations of the world. It is wonderful what you can accomplish when

all have the spirit of cooperation, have the spirit of working together.

I want to give just one little illustration, and that is this, to show what it means to cooperate and to aid at the same thing and at the

THE PRINCIPLE OF VISION 19

same time. You have that opportunity in greater degree here than in

any other organization that I know of in these United States. One

morning as I went down to my office, in Chicago, a great plate glass window had been broken in, and the furs stolen out, and I looked a little farther and there I saw a gunny sack filled with about two pecks of sand. The burglar had gone across Michigan avenue and scooped

up a little sand, and then come over and slung it through the window to break it. I couldn't help but think had he had a train full of sand,

taking up a handful of sand at one time, he could have been throwing sand yet and he could not have broken the window; and yet, when he

organized a peck of it, it went through easily. People, are we too

much divided, a little there and here, and over yonder, throwing sand, little handsful of sand? Oh, if we can unite, then set out to

work at it, like you have with the anticigarette law; after you accomplished what you did with your cigarette law, there is nothing

that cannot be accomplished that is good.

PUT THE BEST YOU HAVE IN YOUR DAY'S WORK

Now, people, it has been a pleasure to me to talk to you. I wish

there was something I could say that would stimulate you, that would make you want every morning to put the best you have into the day's work, and into the years of your work. Let us remember

that no matter what the troubles are that come to us, if we solve them they are for our own benefit, and remember that there is a worst place in every road, and we have struck it perhaps now, but that is no reason why we should lay down and give up. We must

go through those worst places, we must measure up to it, and I have noticed them through all my work, throughout my life, that the people who have done things for this world are the people who have carried a burden, are the people who have crossed a continent for their principles and their religion. I thank you.

My Little Son

Ah, little boy of love, my own boy blue!'

Fresh from the heaven above, pure as the dew.

Cuddle close to my breast, sweetest, wee son,

Lie in my arms at rest, for day is done.

Night with its dreams of bliss, cometh at last.

On your dear eyes a kiss, go hold them fast.

Ah, how my bosom swells, filled full with joy!

Of life your breathing tells, sweet little boy.

I thank our Father kind, that you are mine.

And in my eyes you'll find lovelight ashine'

Hobart, Tasmania A. C. A. Dean Hewer

Women and the Priesthood

By President Rudger Claivson, of the Council of the Twelve sisters: We had a glorious meeting this My dear brethren and

morning, and now are gathered again in this building, a great assembly of Latterday Saints, members of the Church of Jesus

Christ, the only Church under the heavens that bears the name of the Savior. It is true that he is not here with us in person, but he is

here by the power of his Spirit and his authority. His authority, is

called the Priesthood, the holy Priesthood after the order of the Son of God, and this authority is held by the prophet, seer and revelacor and the president of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Not only does it rest upon him, but it is widely distributed throughout the Church, and rests in some degree upon every worthy man in the Church.

WOMEN AND THE PRIESTHOOD.

The Priesthood is not received, or held, or exercised in any degree, by the women of the Church; but, nevertheless, the women

of the Church enjoy the blessings of the Priesthood through their husbands. This emphasizes very strongly the importance of marriage. Every woman in the Church, of mature age, and worthiness,

who is ambitious to attain to exaltation and glory hereafter should be married, should be sealed to a man for time and all eternity; and

we trust that the young women of the Church as well as the young men of the Church realize the responsibility of this important ordinance.

THE POWER AND AUTHORITY OF THE HOLY PRIESTHOOD.

The Priesthood, my brethren and sisters, is complete in itself.

Nevertheless, we know that there are two great divisions in it, namely the Melchizedek, or higher Priesthood, and the Aaronic, or lesser

Priesthood, which lesser Priesthood is an appendage to the higher

Priesthood. The Melchizedek Priesthood administers the gospel and

holds the keys of the mysteries of the kingdom, even the key of the knowledge of God. Therefore, in its ordinances the power of God

and of godliness is manifest, and without the ordinances and the holy Priesthood the power of godliness is not manifest among men.

Therefore, wherever the holy Priesthood of God is not found in a

Church, such a church cannot be the Church of Christ.

*Delivered at the annual conference of the Church, April 3, 1921.

WOMEN AND THE PRIESTHOOD 21 Moses very well understood this great principle. He held the

higher Priesthood. He was a great prophet of God and he sought

diligently to sanctify the children of Israel, that they might behold the face of God. But it is said in the revelation that they hardened

their hearts and could not endure his presence and therefore the his anger was kindled against them—sworeLord in his wrath—for

that they should not enter into his rest while in the wilderness, which rest is a fulness of the glory of God. In consequence of this,

the holy Melchizedek Priesthood was taken from their midst. But the

lesser Priesthood that holds the keys of the adPriesthood—the

continued inministering of angels and the preparatory gospel—was

Israel down to the time of the Savior. We learn a great lesson from

this incident, for we perceive that because of the hardness of their hearts and their unbelief and rebellion, at times, Moses and the holy

Priesthood were taken away from the children of Israel. But it is

not so with the Latterday Saints, because you will find the authority of the holy Priesthood, the high Priesthood as well as the lesser

Priesthood, throughout all the stakes of Zion and in every ward. In

this is shown the mercy and the loving kindness and generosity of our Father in heaven, because it is seen that God is no respecter of persons, and that the right to the Priesthood belongs to every faiththink I may say it is his by right divine.ful man in the Church—I

So it is.

Now, brethren and sisters, we say to all Israel, beware of hardness of heart, and the spirit of rebellion, and the sin of idolatry, for these sins are great evils in the sight of the Lord. He requires humility of heart and diligence and faithfulness and submission to his

authority. I think that there is nothing in the scriptures or in the

revelations of God that emphasizes the greatness of the power of the holy Priesthood as the words which occur in Doctrine and Covenants, section 84, a revelation given to the Prophet Joseph Smith. Latterday Saints, give ear to these words and ponder them in your hearts,

for the Lord said:

"For whoso is faithful unto the obtaining these two Priesthoods of which I have spoken, and the magnifying their calling, are sanctified by the

Spirit unto the renewing of their bodies;

"They become the sons of Moses and of Aaron and the seed of Abraham, and the church and kingdom, and the elect of God;

"And also all they who receive this Priesthood receiveth me, saith the

Lord; "For he that receiveth my servants receiveth me;

"And he that receiveth me receiveth my Father;

"And he that receiveth my Father, receiveth my Father's kingdom;

therefore all that my Father hath shall be given unto him;

"And this is according to the oath and covenant which belongeth to the Priesthood.

"Therefore, all those who receive the Priesthood, receive this oath and covenant of my Father, which he cannot break, neither can it be moved."

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA

But now, mark you, there is a proviso, and it is significant. It

is highly important:

"But whoso breaketh this covenant, after he hath received it, and altogether turneth therefrom, shall not have forgiveness of sins in this world nor in the world to come."

This is the reservation, that is the proviso. Now if we shall attain to these great blessings we must be humble, faithful, consistent

Latterday Saints.

SOME PERTINENT QUESTIONS TO THOSE WHO HOLD THE PRIESTHOOD.

I say sisters because, as I have Now, brethren and sisters—and

said, the sisters participate in the blessings of the Priesthood through their appreciate the Priesthood of God, this divine husbands—do we

authority? Do we honor it in our lives? Do we honor it in our file

leaders? Do we teach our boys at home the importance and value of

the Priesthood? Are they receiving this instruction in the various

organizations? Because, I take it that the Priesthood of God is about

the greatest gift unto man, for it represents divine authority. Let

us give heed to this matter. Oh, I pray that the responsibility of it

may rest down mightily upon the authorities in the stakes of Zion, and that they will see to it that proper and full instruction is given in respect to this matter.

Now may the Lord bless you, the Lord bless our President, who has spoken so beautifully and so powerfully to us today, and Presidents Penrose and Ivins. We have had rich instructions already.

Oh, if we could only fully receive it into our hearts, and carry it out in our lives, how blest we would be! May the spirit of the Lord continue to be upon this people and in the congregations of the Saints,

and may it rest upon the authorities of the Church, and all the speakers at this Conference, is my prayer,; in the name of Jesus,

Amen.

Our Sunset Hills

In the west the sun descending,

Clouds with light his colors lending,

From copper pink to those of gold,

Like fairyland in days of old.

The giant steps of eastern hills,

In rainbow hues with glory fills,

There is displayed by art divine,

In playful mood—the gift is Thine,

Our sunset hills.

Carrie Tanner The Thanksgiving of Annie Adams

By Elizabeth Cannon Porter

As the jury filed into the room, Mrs. Adams knew with

the instinct of a woman that the verdict was against her son.

She knew from the sinking of her heart that she had hoped, in spite of everything, for mercy.

"Guilty of manplaughter."

The Judge briefly pronounced sentence: "Five years in

the State's prison."

She was glad, even in the midst of her sickness of heart, that he took it like a man, with squared shoulders and chin thrust out. Only once as Bert glanced in her direction did she

think his lip trembled. Then they led him out and she fumbled

for her gloves. Her son's attorney, the one she had engaged

for him, came over and gravely shook hands with her. Because he was a gentleman as well as a lawyer, and she was a good

client, and he felt sorry for her, he said: "Mrs. Adams, my

car is downstairs, and I'm not going to use it, so I'll have my man drive you home."

She accepted gratefully. She felt that she could not bear

to have strange people gaze at her in the street car.

Outside a bleak storm was beating down. In the late, dark

afternoon, the shops were already lighting up. The greengrocer's display, the trussed fowls, Jonathan apples, crisp celery, golden pumpkins, reminded her that it was Thanksgiving

time. She thought gruesomely of her boy's Thanksgiving and

shivered.

She crept into the auto and crouched down among the cushions. She had not experienced such abject misery since

her husband had left her over twenty years before. Somehow

this second great calamity brought back the first. She had

failed as a wife; now she had failed as a mother. Dully, she

rehearsed her life. Her one love affair, her romance with Tom

a bad man, but a weakling and a wanderer. HeAdams—not

had tarried rather longer at Westmore because he had met and married Annie. In her desire for a home, something permanent, at which Tom laughed, Annie worked outside. Splendidly capable, she hustled home to meet her husband with a

shining kitchen and hot supper. Tom basked in the comfort

like a cat before the fire.

24 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Then the baby came. Annie lay on a sick bed for weeks

that drifted into months. Her illness ate up all that she had

saved. A sick wife, a crying baby, a henhussying woman who

did the work, disagreeable surroundings, unpaid bills. It was

too much for Tom. One night he brought home his wages, deposited the money on the table, took his hat, and walked out of

the room and of Annie's life forever. Even in her bitterest

recriminations, Annie always remembered that he left her all he had and went away empty handed. Though she realized that

she couldn't have worked much harder, she felt that the fact that her husband had left her reflected on her as a wife. She

had failed to keep his affections. Love is like the tide, it ebbs

and flows, and Tom had drifted off to sea. The woman did not

understand that love must be measured by the person who does the loving, not the beloved. That is why an utterly unworthy

person will sometimes inspire a deep and lasting affection in a true and loyal nature. A woman with thrice her charm would

not have held shallow Tom.

Annie crept back to life with a young baby, debt, desertion, and a weakened body. But her indomitable will had conquered

everything. She named the baby, Albert Le Roi,—Albert the

the Prince of Wales. Then she went grimly toRoyal,—after

work to make the home for him that she had dreamed of with his father. The boy inherited his father's changeableness along

with his mother's courage. He drifted from one school to another. It was the same with his work. He did not stick at one

job very long. A man grown, he secured a place in the machine shop of the railroad. Then came the strike, the months of

idleness, the inflamed talk among the men about the abuses of the workingman, bad companions. Then had come the robbery. Bert and three others had robbed a freight car. They

had fixed the nightwatchman, but a helper happened along and gave the alarm. Their automobile, loaded with boxes, had

stuck on the tracks. They were surrounded and in the melee

a policeman was shot. It mattered not that the autopsy proved

that it wasn't one of young Adam's bullets that had killed the officer. Bert was taken red handed with a smoking revolver

in his hand, and he was held equally guilty though he had not shed the actual blood. Sentiment was stirred up against them.

Mrs. Adams went to the best lawyer she knew of, Judge

Park, a man of integrity and standing in the community. She

engaged him to defend Albert. She would mortgage her home

if necessary. Mr. Park told her frankly there was little that he

could do. It was a clear case of robbery. An officer of the

law had been killed, public opinion was stirred up. Their

THE THANKSGIVING OF ANNIE ADAMS 25

only hope of clemency lay in the prisoner's youth and the fact that it was his first offense.

After all the years of struggle, her boy was being taken to the penitentiary. She had come home alone. Things went

black.

The car had stopped before her house. She went up the

path and stumbled through the door.

Her cousin, Christine, had made a fire in the sittingroom grate, and its warmth greeted her like a welcome.

"Well?"asked Christine, as she helped her off with her

things. "It was what we expected,"she replied briefly.

Christine brought her a glass of hot milk and some toast.

Somehow the little act of kindness did what all the terrors of the day had failed to do. It loosed the floodgates and she

crumpled all up in a heap on the floor.

Christine lugged her to the lounge and phoned for the old doctor, who was also a friend. When he entered the room the

light fell on his patient. She seemed suddenly old, as if the life

were sapped from her. He felt her pulse, then patted the

gnarled hand. She had cleaned his office for fifteen years.

"Well, well, Annie, I thought that you had more grit than this.""Must one show grit when one's son goes to the penitentiary? I must have failed in my training, or it wouldn't have

happened. Yet, how I have worked!"

"If you made a mistake, you did too much for the boy."

"He had no father. I wanted to make it up to him."

Dr. Spencer had ushered many souls into the world, as

well as eased the departing spirit. He understood human

nature as only an old doctor can. He had been close to the

naked truth of things and he ministered to sick minds as well as sick bodies.

"We are only the parents of our children's bodies. We are

not the parents of their souls. Their spirits existed long before they came to this world. They will go on after they leave.

If we bring them into the world, provide for their bodily wants, when they are small, and prepare them as best we can for their struggle in this life, that is all we can do. We can bring influences to bear on them, but in the final analysis, they, themselves, are responsible for their own acts. I heard a very great

a success of everyman say the other day—a man who has made

the Lord must have hadthing except raising his own son—that

a good deal of confidence in him to trust him with the care of such a rebellious spirit."

fill "You have heard of the 'Sieve of fulfilment,'—how we

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA

up an ambition, only to find that its joy has all leaked away.

A man amasses a large fortune for his son. The heir dies. A

woman dreams all her life of a beautiful home. When she gets

it she is too old to enjoy it. On the other hand, seeming calamities often are blessings in disguise. A woman toils for a

large family. She not only gives a lot of useful men and

women to the world, but she emerges pure gold, such has been her daily training in tact, patience and efficiency. A young

man struggles with poverty. He acquires thrift, industry and

clean living, which stand him in good stead when success finally comes his way."

"It may seem a strange thing to say, but even this terrible thing that has come to your son may be the very thing he needs.

You used to tell me that Albert was bright and that he would make his mark if he would stick at anything, which he wouldn't do. The warden is a broadminded man and will probably put

him in the machine shops, which he likes. He will keep regular

hours, stay in one place, do the work until he learns it thoroughly, because he will have to. It is the very training he needs,

and perhaps he had to go to jail to get it."

"What is that? Yes, you may have a powder for tonight,

Christine, bring her a glass of water."

Whereat, the old doctor put on his overcoat and departed into the storm. After seeing him out, Christine brought Mrs.

Adam's nightgown and slippers and warmed them at the hearth.

"The doctor actually tried to make me believe that I ought to be Thanksgiving that Albert's in the penitentiary,"she wailed. "Well,"said Christine, and her plain face looked squarer than ever. "You have some things to be thankful for. You

had a beau and you had a husband, even if he did run off, you bore a son and you fed and clothed him and raised him to manhood, even if he is in jail. You have a home to protect you

fromI—"Shethe turnedstorms. andYou'vefacedhadher love,in theanddoorway.sorrow, and life, while

"I have never had anything. I am only an old maid."

Bits of Philosophy

Not war, nor famine, nor disease, but vice's insidious smile, is the most deadly thing in the world.

Big business is the business of increasing the bank account of the heart, adding to the treasures of the mind, and developing nobility of character. Nephi Jensen.

Relalion of Scientific Irrigation to

Permanency of Civilization*

By George Dewey Clyde

In the minds of those living in the great centers of the hrnnid areas of our country, there is much speculation concerning the future welfare of a commonwealth based upon irrigation. Even among our national leaders there are some who

fear that our western civilization, based as it is on irrigation, cannot long endure. To illustrate, in 1913 Dr. Beverly T. Galloway, then chief of the Bureau of Plant Industry, was requested to appear before the Congressional Committee on Appropriations to give his opinion concerning the proposed appropriations for development of western irrigation. Dr. Galloway made the following assertion: "As far as I know, there

never has been any long continued successful irrigation agriculture in any climate anywhere in the world."Do you realize what he meant when he made that statement? Dr. Galloway meant that the green fields, fertile farms, beautiful towns

and cities that surround us are only temporary. He meant that

the wonderful achievements brought about by the artificial application of water are doomed to revert to the barren wastes from whence they came. In other words, he maintains, as do

many of our national leaders, that a civilization based upon irrigation cannot be permanent. Let us see if history bears out

this contention.

Irrigation is one of the oldest arts used by man. It has

been practiced for countless centuries by the Egyptians,

Arabians, Assyrians, and Chinese, and from time immemorial has formed a basis of agriculture of the countries bordering on the Mediterranean. The Valley of the Nile h&s ever been famous for its irrigation practice. The plains of Assyria and

Babylonia were once covered with an immense system of irrigation canals, some of them hundreds of miles in length.

The Romans constructed extensive irrigation works, many of which are still in use. These countries were the centers of early

civilization, and due to the single fact that they were based upon irrigation agriculture, their civilization has endured in the

*Valedictory address delivered at the graduation exercises of the class of 1921, at the Utah Agricultural College.

28 IMPROVEMENT ERA

past, and there is absolutely no reason to doubt the permanency of their civilization in the future.

There are instances in ancient history, however, and no doubt Dr. Galloway was thinking of these when he made the

above assertion, where highly civilized countries based on irrigation have decayed and are now barren wastes, but it is only when the reservoirs which store the water and the canals which distribute it are destroyed by revolutions or neglect, or the land ruined by excessive irrigation that the once fertile fields revert to deserts and swamps.

One of the earliest examples of irrigation works of which we have record is interesting because it illustrates not only the prosperity which accompanies a wellmanaged irrigation system, but also the ruin and desolation which, in a country dependent on irrigation, inevitably follows neglect of the proper maintenance of its irrigation works. Babylonia, which is the

part of Mesopotamia occupied by the ancient Babylonians, is described by Herodotus as densely populated and thickly studded with great cities and prosperous towns founded upon irrigation agriculture.

In the course of centuries, the canal systems of Babylonia suffered many vicissitudes. Time and again the canals were

ruined by floods and neglect of works, water was applied to the soil in large quantities without regard to the requirement of crops. With the destruction of the canals, and waterlogging

of lands by excessive application of water, food production became impossible and Babylonia rapidly sank into the state of barren desolation which it now presents.

In reality, it was lack of scientific knowledge of irrigation and not irrigation in itself, as is believed by many men, that caused the failure of the ancient Babylonian civilization.

Why did the primitive man apply water to the dry soil?

No doubt he had observed that where the land was hard and dry, no vegetation grew, and that where vegetation was most abundant, the soil was moist and warm. Today we know there

are three prime factors of crop production: moisture, soil fertility, and temperature; of these, moisture is by far the most

essential. If man could control these fundamental factors, the

basic problems of food production for a civilized people would be solved.

In an arid section, as a rule, the soils are deep and inherently fertile; the sunshine is abundant. The temperature

cannot be controlled, but irrigation supplies moisture which is more vital than either heat or soil fertility, and may be controlled by man. Irrigation not only supplies a deficiency of

moisture but supplies it when it is most needed. There are

RELATION OF IRRIGATION TO CIVILIZATION 29

but few parts of the earth's surface where annual rainfall is economically distributed throughout the year, so that man can depend upon natural moisture to mature his crops. In the

arid sections where scientific irrigation is practiced, man no longer depends upon natural conditions for sustaining life, because he controls the lifegiving moisture and applies it to his crops at the proper time.

In the ancient world, the most populous sections are found in regions originally desert. In such regions soil fertility can be

utilized only by irrigation, and wherever irrigation is resorted to, the density of population, the existence of great wealth and of empires are always found.

The Valley of Po, in Northern Italy, furnished a living example of this fact. Here there are eight million people. The

climate of this valley, is not especially favorable, for the temperature often goes down to 10 degrees, yet this little valley provides for eight million people because one of the most important factors of food production, moisture, is under the control of man.

In modern history, the recent rapid growth of Southern

California with her beautiful cities, orchards, and farms is the most remarkable instance of rapidity of growth associated with maturity of civilized conditions to be found anywhere. This

exceptional instance of community life of Southern California, and the exaltation of civilization there is due to the single fact that the entire superstructure of that commonwealth stands upon the science of irrigation. Take from the advanced civilization of Southern California all that portion due to irrigation, and its splendid cities would relapse into the romance of

adobe hamlets and the tropical luxuriance of its orchards and its avenues and farms would revert to their original condition of arid solitude. Lizards and cacti would again reign supreme.

The "Mormon"people were the first AngloSaxon to practice the artificial application of water in America, and Utah stands today the greatest monument to irrigation in the word.

When our fathers and grandfathers, the pioneers, came to Utah, in July, 1847, they found here an arid desert; they converted

it into a fertile garden and founded upon irrigation agriculture this great commonwealth in which we now live.

Our civilization can fail only when our agriculture is destroyed. Irrigation agriculture is largely controlled by man;

therefore, our civilization, based as it is upon the scientific application of water to the soil, will endure as long as our public intelligence and vigor lasts.

But you may say as did Galloway and others that we have no assurance of the permanence of the water supply or of the 30 IMPROVEMENT ERA

soil fertility now making the beauty of Utah, Idaho, California, and other irrigated sections possible. The rapidly increasing

intelligence and scientific knowledge of our western civilization, however, assures the permanence of both the water supply and soil fertility. The massive storage dams, great headgates, steel flumes, syphons, and concrete tunnels built by

the engineering profession during the last few decades assure the control of our water supply. Likewise, the application of

the science of irrigation, of which the Babylonians knew nothing; to the prevention of seepage losses of water from canals;

to the smoothing and leveling of land in order to reduce the runoff losses; to a study of the capacity of soils to absorb and

retain water; thus preventing excessive losses by deep percolation through the soil and subsequent waterlogging; and to the

economical use of water, supplemented by drainage where necesall of these problems the application of science doublysary—to

assures the permanence of the fertility of our irrigated soils, thus making scientific irrigation the basis of a permanent civilization.

In the early days of irrigation, the easily accessible streams were diverted first. The first canals were taken out near the

bottom of the valleys to avoid expensive construction. As time

went on and more land was brought under cultivation, canals were built higher up, until the available water supply was entirely appropriated.

Up to this point in our irrigation development, there was plenty of water for all during the spring floods, but later in the season only those with prior rights to the water had sufficient to mature their crops, and the rest were burned out.

By means of storage reservoirs, the rainfall over the entire drainage basin is collected and held till the crops require it.

Thus storage reservoirs not only increase the available supply of water but they stabilize irrigation agriculture. On practically all of the projects built by the United States Reclamation Service, large storage reservoirs have been built to store

the spring floods so that the water can be distributed over the land when most needed. Our huge storage reservoirs and diversion works, our headgates and concretelined canals, insure

permanent supply of moisture, stabilize our agriculture, and thus tend to make our civilization everlasting.

The water supply of arid regious is the real limiting factor in our agricultural development, and in consequence, measures must be adopted to regulate and control its use. The important problem is to determine the actual water requirements of

crops under field conditions and to make use of this information as a basis for arriving at an economical use of water. The

RELATION OF IRRIGATION TO CIVILIZATION 31

problem is a complex one because so many variable factors enter, water requirement of crops, climate, fertility, texture, chemical composition, and depth of the soil enter in all their complexities, making the determination of an economical use of water extremely difficult if not impossible of a fixed solution.

According to the 1910 census, the average amount of water used per acre of irrigated land was enough to cover each acre to a depth of 4.75 feet. Dr. Samuel Fortier states that at that

rate, there is sufficient water available in the seventeen western states to irrigate 50,000,000 acres of land. The arable area in

the same states is approximately 350,000,000 acres. Therefore

it appears that the future development of the western states depends in no small degree on the care exercised in alloting and using our limited water supply.

Out of every four gallons of water diverted from the river or stored in a reservoir only one gallon is now utilized for production of crops. What becomes of the other three gallons?

It is not only lost to beneficial use, but it fills up the underground reservoirs and drowns the lowlands.

The seepage losses from canals alone frequently amount to two gallons out of every four diverted from the river. Another

onehalf gallon is lost through surface runoff due to poor preparation of the land. Also onehalf gallon is lost through

deep percolation, thus making a total loss of three gallons out of every four, due to loose, careless irrigation practice.

By applying the scientific knowledge of irrigation that has been developed in the past few decades, first to the construction and maintenance of our canal systems; second, to the preparation of land so as to permit the uniform distribution of water,

and finally, to a study of the soil conditions and water requirement of crops, it has been demonstrated that we may economically utilize 75 per cent of our total water supply; whereas, we

are now utilizing only 25 per cent. Moreover, by a more economical use of water on our lands, the problem of waterlog-

ging, which was the real cause of Babylonia's ruin, will be largely solved. Under the best irrigation management yet

shown to be feasible, there is still one gallon of water out of every four diverted that is lost, and this onefourth will continue to aid in the waterlogging of our lowlands. However,

scientific irrigation which assures the premanency of our civilization, provides a remedy which will take care of this 25 per cent of our water supply will also reclaim the areas that have become waterlogged through careless, unscientific methods of applying water to our soils. Consistent drainage is the remedy.

It is true that some of our lands have become waterlogged 32 IMPROVEMENT ERA

<>!'water; but that properly installedthrough I wasteful DM

drainage system* will reclaim such lands has been fully demonstrated. Waterlogged lands, due to excessive irrigation, are

not as Mr. Galloway infer-, a permanent injury, but a temporary

one that can be and is being removed on our waterlogged lauds.

From a consideration of the above questions, we can properly make the following conclusions:

The civilization of Babylonia did not fall because it was founded on irrigation agriculture, but because the Babylonians failed to recognize the fundamentals upon which irrigation depends. They knew but little about soil fertility or about deep

percolation, or runoff water losses, and there are no evidences that the art of drainage was ever known to them.

Today our engineers are building huge storage and diversion works; and our scientists are studying the soil, the

water requirement of crops, the losses of water in conveyance, the runoff and deep percolation losses, the methods of drainage, and removal of alkali.

As a result of the great work of our scientists and engineers, we can now apply the principles of scientific irrigation to our irrigation practice. Of these principles, it appears that

the Babylonians knew nothing. Supplemented with drainage,

where necessary, the application of these basic scientific principles assures the permanence of our water supply, and the permanence of our soil fertility; and thus, the permanence of

a civilization based upon scientific irrigation.

The words of Mr. A. F. Doremus, former State Engineer

of Utah, express a true tribute to irrigation: "Born of obscurity and despised as menial, irrigation has grown to be

king of the rapidly developing west, and by virtue of its power to bless and benefit mankind, it has compelled the respect and admiration of all. Its promise is potent, its progress sure."

Up Against It'

Obstruction is often a ladder; if we

Look up and rejoice we have sensed it;

Then, if we're not blind, "We surely can find The rungs and be lifted by each a degree

Toward hoped for success; up where we can uee

It was blessed to be "Up against it"

San Diego, California Satella Jagues Penman

The Surprise Genuine

By Rulon P. Bennion

I In his newly built cabin of pine logs, Pete Purdy sat before a comfortable fire and listened to the low sighing of the wind in the trees outside. The cabin stood in a small clearing, near

the creek which flowed along the bottom of the wooded canyon valley. Every evening, as now, the wind would come stealing

down from the high mountains to the south and pass quietly out onto the great warm floor of Beson Valley, there to swirl and contradict itself and rise into the cloudless heavens. And every

evening, Pete Purdy would sit and listen to it, as he gazed into the fire and planned for the winter that was ahead. He had

come in the late summer and, finding the place to his liking, had hurried back to the county seat to claim it, returning immediately with a wagonload of supplies, and his small herd of twenty cattle. Since that time he had been occupied with building the cabin and such corrals and sheds as he needed.

The location could not have pleased him better. He had

wished for a spot where he could pursue his rather devious way9 undisturbed. He wanted to be alone, away from the criticism, advice, and sordid troubles of neighbors. He wanted a

small, certain income—an occupation which would insure moderate returns, yet occasion no worry. And the narrow, lonely,

canyon valley seemed to suit his needs exactly. There was an

abundant supply of water everlastingly bubbling by in sheer willingness to wet the throat of cow or man. There was a goodly

acreage of fertile soil, if he would trouble himself to clear it.

There was pasture in the foothills that would keep his cattle in it snows butsplendid condition both summer and winter—for

little in the desert foothills. Above all, there was the seclusion

he desired. He went at his work slowly, contentedly, taking a

silent pleasure in building his own house, sheds, fences.

He had discovered something, recently, concerning Beson

Valley which he never dreamed of at the time he entered it something which, no doubt, would have caused him to wander many a mile further in search of a home, had he known it then.

Yet, since the information came so late, and since he had not settled in Beson Valley itself, but in a cedarfilled canyon entrance adjoining it, he decided not to be troubled about the 34 IMPROVEMENT ERA

matter, until it troubled him. Beson Valley has proved itself a

veritable winterparadise for the sheepowners of the surrounding counties. Its hard, white impervious soil, covered with nothing but scraggly greasewoods and shadscales, furnishes enough

vegetation for the satisfactory wintering of sheep. It covers an

immense territory, and in the fall of each year the sheep trail in from the various counties until hundreds of thousands of them can be seen crawling over its gray floor, or lined up at the creek where all must drink. And woe to the stockman or rancher

who, at such time, treads its inviolate twoinch soil. It is his

season of reckoning. The sheepmen argue priority of occupancy, and they argue that the soil is worthless for farming and

the pastures too poor for cattle, and if their arguments prove ineffectual they are quite apt to weight them with lead.

To this day not a building or a fence breaks the continuity of the great expanse, with the exception of the queer, rambling conglomeration of corrals and cabins the sheepmen themselves have erected on Beson Creek for their convenience in midgrain for teams,winter. Here they keep their supplies—hay and

food, extra clothing, everything their foresight tells them they may require. Here the carrier leaves their mail on his way wes

to other settlements on the desert, and here they have always, heretofore, gathered to drink and amuse themselves through the long winter evenings. An old man by the odd name of Charlie

Edith has for many years been hired to stay and look after the place and run a sort of store and postoffice during the busy season.

In the late fall, a white camp appears on every knoll, standing solitary and deserted at midday, like a wrecked schooner thrown up by the waves. Only the orderly array of harness on

the tongue, and possibly a faint trace of woodsmoke rising in the thin, clear air above, disclaim complete desertion. Threading the shallow valleys, or roaming over the low, barren rises,

tended by solitary men on horseback, are the sheep—many

thousands of them. The drowsy tinkle of their bells, the warm

Indian summer sun, the intermittent sound of the camptend- er's guitar, produce an effect of peaceful somnolence that every herder knows and loves. The still air, however invisible, gives

a soft, mellow tone to the landscape. It gleams with tiny,

spidery filaments. Through it the lazy tink, tink, of the bells,

and the staccato barking of the sheepdogs, carry for seemingly impossible distances. Small wonder that the sheepmen regard

invasion with savage glints in their eyes, and small wonder, too, that they have kept to this day their sacred preserve, untouched by outsiders.

It was into this scene that Pete Pvirdy unwittingly intruded

THE SURPRISE GENUINE 35 himself. He still felt secure in that his homestead occupied

merely a wooded corner among the foothills, an area so negligible that the sheepmen would not consider it worth while to interfere. Still the circumstances were somewhat disquieting,

and he knew they would remain so, until he had either been taken for granted or ousted.

So it was with a mingling of apprehensive uneasiness and comfortable weariness that he sat before the fire on the late

October night. He knew that if fair means were taken to induce

him to leave, he would be only too willing to go. Probably

he would drift further into the desert, counting on finding as good a prospect somewhere there. But if foul means were resorted this thought that caused him to debate seto—it was

strove to drive him out by unlawfulriously—if the sheepmen

means, what would he do? He leaned back meditatively! Did

he have wits enough to cope with them? What sort of means

would they employ if they decided to be forcibly rid of him?

Suddenly there was a loud threedouble rap at the door.

His feet came to the floor with a bang, and then he stood irresolute, wondering if it could have been merely the wind. As

he stood, there was a sharp crack outside, and the glass of one window rattled on the floor. A bullet imbedded itself with a

thud in the wall above the bed. He was turning quickly toward

the door, intending to bolt it, when he saw a large envelope on the floor just inside.

He bolted the door and carried the envelope to the fire, gazing at it some time before he tore it open. Inside was a

piece of white, bluelined notepaper bearing the following message Warning—We hereby take pleasure in notifying you, Mr. Settler, that

Beson Valley and all its adjuncts are preempted. We wish to inform you

that you are not wanted, and we give you ten days to get out. If you are

still here November 7 you will be sorry you ever sighted this layout.

X.

Pete Purdy sat down by the stove. He had settled on

Beson Creek as innocent of the sin he was committing as a horse eating out of another's stall. He had singled it out as a suitable

haven from troublesome neighbors. He had come away into the

desert for the sole purpose of fleeing petty annoyances. Frying

obvious case! The idea of disputingpan into the fire—most

ownership with anybody over anything was obnoxious. And

unassertive man that he was—Pete Purdyyet,—quiet, was netto the quick.tled—stung

it into the fire. He crumpled the note savagely and flung

"Phew!"he said, "wouldn't that cook you? And a pistol

36 IMPROVEMENT ERA

shot by way of signature. Those gents mean business. Well,

let 'em. This is once I balk."

He rummaged a piece of cardboard from the pile of boxe3 in the corner, and shut the draft out of the broken window.

This effected, he flung the bedclothes back, undressed, and went to bed.

II Ten days later Pete Purdy sat on a log in front of his doorstep when two irate horsemen rode into the clearing. He was

whittling an axe helve, which he laid aside, rising to greet them goodnaturedly. But they broke him off short.

"Look here, you upstart, perhaps you ain't acquainted with the ways of this here country. You needn't expect no allowances

for that. When we give a man notice to get out, he gets out

without a chance for words that ain't civil. Now if you givingidee—got any

"Why, yes, but what's the 'dif.'I refuse to get out."

Both men grinned. "Oh you refuse, do you? Well, right

here's where the fun starts. Con, get that logchain."The older

man covered Purdy with a revolver.

The other leaped from his horse and went to get the heavy logchain, which lay over a stump nearby.

"We got a little procedure all figured out, Mr. Slocum. Figured it out on the road up, after seeing your smoke this morning. Nothing much to it, simple as Yankee Doodle, but effective. It won't hurt you, though. Just a little gentle persuasion such as you'll relish. Do you good. We'll be up every

other day to see how you're progressing, and when you're good and tired and ready to say, 'pretty, please,'why, we'll bid yougood luck. Here, Con—

He pulled from his coat and handed his partner a heavy pair of handcuffs.

"Will you kindly inform me,"said Purdy, "What you intend to do?"

"Oh, most certainly,"said the man addressed as Con. "Just

hold out your mitts a jiffy and let me clap these handcuffs on.

Have you got a pocketknife?"

"Yes.""Well, we're going to stake you to that big cedar down by the creek."He pointed to a great halfdead cedar at the further

side of the clearing. "Get his bedding, Jim. I reckon he'll need

it. Come on, Slocum, forward march."

The eighteen foot dragchain just circled the tree below its heavy, spreading branches. Its two ends they locked seTHE SURPRISE GENUINE 37

curely in one end of the handcuffs. The other cuff went around

Purdy's left wrist.

"Now, young sweetie, you begin to savvy, eh? The idea is

to cut the tree off with your jackknife. If you manage it, why,

you can have your old homestead, and welcome. But in case you

get tired, or hungry, for instance, you better let us know. We'll

give you a free escort outside Beson Valley, and enough grub to entertain yourlast you home. In the meantime—well, you can

self with your jackknife. Quite an idea, don't you think, old

sourplum? Here comes your bedding."

Purdy had indeed begun to look a trifle sour. If he had

ever felt that he could cope with the situation he very much doubted it now. He began to play for a possible advantage.

"If you don't mind, Jim,"he said when they had made his fastenings complete, "I'd like to have you bring my stove down, and a couple of sacks of coal you'll find back under the bed."

The two men debated his request silently, and finally Jim said, "Get it, Con. He'd best be comfortable, and he can burn

the tree down as quick with a match as a cookstove. Only

with that twenty inch leash of his I imagine he'd find it a bit too hot for comfort. I sort of think, partner, you'd best be a

little shy with fire, now. Get them dry twigs lighted, and you'll

mistake."roast a nice, juicy brown—no

"Hey, Jim,"called Con from the house. "You fetch the

stove. I'm bringing the coal."

"All right. By the way, what about the pony?"

"There's no feed for the pony,"remarked Purdy, "but ifyou'll turn her out of the stable so's she can pasture—

"Not on your slick hide we don't,"cut in Jim, "This here's a decidedly private affair. We don't want no whole raft of Slocumses shelling out right in the midst of the picnic. That

wouldn't do at all. No, we'll take care of your pony. Old man

Charlie'U take care of her while we're debating this matter."

"As you say, Jim, it's not unlikely she might take a notion to trail off home if we let her loose. Never thought of that.

Don't turn her in with any of the other horses, though."

"She'll be put right in the upper west corral by the creek.

All the feed and water she wants and all her company on the other side of the fence. Promise you that."

Con had by this time brought both the stove and the coal, so, with a parting taunt for the prisoner, the two men swung into their saddles and rode away.

Purdy watched them with a complacent grin, for a minute or two, and then kicked one of the sacks of coal.

"Too goshblinked much of a hurry for their own good,"he said after them. "Ain't that too rich for a cake? Figure to

38 IMPROVEMENT ERA

starve me out, eh? And viind up by making me a present of a

hundredpound sack of potatoes. Take sometime I reckon. And

entertain ourself speculating on a wayin the meanwhile—we'll

out of this."

His first act was to work the chain about the tree down to within thirty inches of the ground, as that seemed to offer the greatest freedom. His bedding, he placed between the tree and

the water, which ran past, three feet to the west. The stove he

placed on a level mound, south of the tree, where its smoke would blow away around the other side. The coal and potatoes

he leaned up against the north side. Convenient disposition

thus made, he kindled a fire and put a potato in the oven to bake. The sun had set.

His supper was perforce a slight one and a saltless one, but he enjoyed it none the less. It evidenced superior strategy. It

replaced despair with a modicum of hope and gave him stomach for the enterprise. When it was over, he lay a long time

looking up through the black branches and finally dozed off to sleep.

Ill The next day was cold and windy enough to take the zest quite out of him. The smoke of the fire wheeled about him in fitful gusts, making him cough and sputter and curse the sheepmen for neglecting to bring him the stovepipe. He felt miserable and discouraged and at times half inclined to give up. He

examined the heavy chain and handcuffs closely and sensed that resistance was really futile. The outcome seemed unavoidable, however far off. Yet every added discomfort caused the

insolence of the two men to sting more deeply, till he vowed he would resist to the bitter finish.

On the second day, Jim and Con, and a weazened, evillook- ing man named Tupper, visited him toward late afternoon. They

found him wrapped in his blanket, coughing, his face all blowzy with the wind and smoke, his hands chapped and bleeding, his bed and clothing dusty and bedraggled. But his determination

was still unshaken, so that all they could do was to swear and stamp around and finally ride away again, imparting the information that they would not be back for four days. Con was

still inclined to twit him goodnaturedly, but the older men were plainspoken and sullen. He recognized them now as partners of a bad reputation. The more scrupulous sheepmen had

evidently chosen them for this task. Tupper was not a sheepman at all, but a roustabout and gambler whom the sheepmen

tolerated because of his lucky faculty for locating illicit liquor.

He stayed at old Charlie's, as the establishment on Beson Creek

THE SURPRISE GENUINE 39

was called, and played dryfarmer on the west bank by way of blind.

It was while Purdy was unraveling these facts that an idea struck him—an idea so timely and so novel in character that he

jumped clear of his blankets and acted for several minutes like a man bewitched. The disreputable Tupper had plowed several

small plots on the west bank of Beson Creek and pretended to plant for dryfarm crops. No crops had ever materialized, but

the shallow cultivation had encouraged a goodly growth of weeds, which the southwest wind had tossed hither and yon upon the desert and piled up in a great windrow against the west corral fences of the Charlie place, forming a great, ungainly bridge over the creek, for many yards. It was in the adjoining

corral where Pete's little pony, Dot, would be confined.

And so his mind, once started in the right direction, leaped to an amazing conclusion. In the next minute he was busy calculating the number of dry branches he could reach and break

out of the aged tree. He glanced grudgingly at the fire, which

was at that moment devouring several heavy, straight sticks.

"Nope, it's no go,"he said, at last, and sat down by the fire with a crestfallen air. He made a movement to reclaim the

burning sticks, but ended by shoving them completely into the fire and closing the door.

"Let's see, I've simply got to get more wood."He fell into

a long reverie from which he would occasionally rouse himself with a deepdrawn sigh, straightway to fall musing again.

"I'll beat those fellows yet,"he would exclaim suddenly.

"I've got to. By George, if I can only get more wood, I'll surprise those rascals so bad their beards'll fall out. It looks like

I've just got to wait for fairer weather though. Torture, but it's

going to be hard to wait now!"

For Purdy, that night was an aeon. The next day dragged

through after it. From time to time, he would peel a hot, now

also frozen, potato and munch it between swallows of water.

The wood he used freely so as to have an excuse to ask for more when the sheepmen paid him their next visit. It seemed impossible to do anything but wait and count on tricking them into

helping him effect his escape.

At last, on the fourth day, Con came. Prudy felt a secret

thrill of gratification when he saw him riding down the gentle slope, alone. If he had asked for anything, it would have been

exactly that.

"Hello, Con,"he said, cheerily. "Still alive and able to wag

my toes. Blamed near famished though."

"Great Scott, man,"and this time Con Redd was in earnest.

"I fully expected to find you dead. Six days without a snack.

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I honestly feel sorry for you, but you'll have to come to times, that's all. You'd better come back with me. Looks mighty unpleasant around here. What about it?"

"Not on your oilskin jacket! I'm good for a corking amount

yet.""Well,"said Con with a peculiar intonation, "It isn't our custom to argue. I warn you, though, that your next visit is

going to be a confounded unpleasant one. Bad Jim and Tupper were all roiled up last night. I don't know what they contemplate, but you can count on them to make it devilish unpleasant. They whaled a poor Dutchman, last spring, till he

didn't have another breath coming."

"They'll never whale me."Pete Purdy's jaws clamped to-'

gether decisively. "Trust me for that, they'll never whale me.

You bring me some more firewood. I'm nearly out. There's a

half dozen or so dry saplings, by the creek yonder. If those fellows had half the manners you've got, I'd walk out without a

whimper."Con first examined the chain to make sure a large enough pry to break it couldn't be inserted. But such an idea seemed

so ridiculous at sight of the short, massive links, pulled tightly about the tree, that he laughed at himself and went to fetch the saplings. He brought nearer a dozen.

"Have you got any notion when those fellows intend coming up?"Purdy asked Con as he was preparing to leave.

"Not exactly. But I do know Jim and the boss—that's Buck

discussing you last night at OldLeason—and Tupper, were

Charlie's, and they worked themselves into a regular fit. They're

black. I shouldn't be surprised if they came up here tomorrow

morning, hellbent and chuck full of deviltry."

"And you right in with them. Where are they now? Down

at Old Charlie's?"

"I left them there not an hour ago. It's a fact. And whether

I am in with them or not, I sympathize with you sincerely if you stay here after tonight."

"I really believe you are ashamed of your gang. You ought

to be. But listen. I'm going to give those fellows down there

a genuine surprise. When you get back down, you tell them

I'm going to visit them. Tell them I'll be along tomorrow

morning about 2 a. m. and give them such a visit as they won't

forget in a week of Christmasses. Of course, if they think it's

too early, they can stay in bed. I'll want my horse, tell them,

and then I'm off to West Benton and the sheriff and my brother,

Sam. After that I'm coming back to stay."

Con looked puzzled and incredulous, but the best he could do was to promise and ride away. It looked like a bluff, but if

THE SURPRISE GENUINE 41

it was, it was certainly a queer one. He could see no advantage

to be gained by bluffing. He indulged in several unfinished

laughs, on the way back to Old Charlie's—halfway laughs that

held amusement in them and yet vexation. The fact of the matter was that he hardly knew what to think.

IV That night Pete Purdy's little Dot slept in her corner of the west fence as usual. Con Redd and Bad Jim Crugget, the

dissolute Tupper and Old Charlie, and several other sheepmen, were at the house. They stayed awake late, drinking and making the walls ring with imprecations. But not a thing could

they make of Pete Purdy's enigmatic message, so they finally blew the light out and went to bed.

At two o'clock all was dark and still as death. A "horning"

moon had just slipped behind the serrated desert hills to the west. Only the shrivelled, dehydrated man of the desert, Old

Charlie, if he had chanced to lay awake in his bunk, would have heard the low, strained "yap, yap"of the coyotes and known that mischief was afoot. And looking forth from his little

window, he would have seen a sight fit to make his eyes pop.

But Old Charlie Edith snored evenly and slumbered, his toothless mouth working in and out as he drew and exhaled breath, and the outlandish object swerved and spun and meandered nearer on the current of Beson Creek unobserved.

Whatever it was, it could easily have passed for the devil on a raft. Its dark body and malevolent, glaring eye seemed

certainly a demon on fearful business bent. Awakened by its

ghastly halo, the horses bunched at the far sides of the corrals, and stared at it in terrified fascination.

Nearer and nearer it approached, until the reflection of its light could be seen in the water, and its grotesque, makeshift construction became laughably evident. A raft of dry saplings

bound together with ragged strips of blanket was surmounted by a glowing campstove, its whole top part red with the fierce heat of smoldering coal.

Even as it passed the south corner of the corrals, Pete

Purdy's little Dot slept in the shadow of the west fence. But

when a sudden crescendo of crackling sounded in the windrow of weeds just outside, she came to her feet with a bounce. Light

showed in the fence cracks. Flames licked above the boards.

Long tongues of fire went reaching up into the dark. Then all

roaring of burning weeds and fences, thewas wild disorder—the

crashing of horses through wires and poles, the crazy shouts of men!

When little Dot's mind came out of its bewilderment, she 42 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was clear of the yards and going at a clapping gallop towards the eastern hills, the picture of her old home at West Benton uppermost in her brain. And before noon tkat day she was

panting outside Sam Purdy's gate.

Sam scented trouble directly. He knew his methodical

brother Pete too well to suppose she had gotten away from him.

Inside of half an hour he had saddled a good horse and was racing away toward Beson Valley.

The fire was soon checked among the rambling corrals, but the fury of the sheepmen was not checked. Lucky that the raft

was burnt and the stove buried among black piles of cinders in the stream. In their bafflement and rage, if they had found

Purdy, it is hard to tell what they might have done. But so

patent was it that he had made good his threat and escaped, they never once thought of riding up the canyon to look for him.

And so Pete Purdy, bereft of blankets, firewood, stove and coal, jumped up and down all day to keep warm. Just as the

evening shadows were beginning to creep along the wooded canyon valley, his brother, Sam, arrived. Then a powerfully

driven coldchisel ate through a link of the heavy handcuffs, and he was free. He kept his homestead!

Vernon* Utah

The Gleaners

Ye emblems of Earth's happy, younger days,

When kings held sway o'er all the earth, then known,,

Why do you glean, nor cease, nor yet delay

That endless task which claims you for its own?

And yet, you bear a message in your song,

And we but read between each silent line:

"Glean on. The Master's summons comes ere long;

So, gather in your sheaves while yet there's time."

Take heed, weak flesh, lest, when the threshing's done,

You do not cry: "Lord let thy mercy fall

O'er my scant work; consider yet, I pray,

How short that day of gleaning was for all."

How short! and yet no burdensome complaint

Is echoed from the lips of workers here.

My soul, why shrink ye back with light so faint?

Glean on. Life's setting sun is drawing near.

Erma Pace A Suspicion Allayed A Thanksgiving Story Showing the Deception of Circumstantial

Evidence.

By Wendell Hammond

Ezra Pond dipped his hand again into the bucket, and bringing forth another handful of grain, tossed it to the young turkey cock which was feeding close to his feet.

"A fine young bird, that, Cyrus,"he remarked to his old friend, Cyrus Bassett, who had come from the far end of Riverview to spend the Fourth of July with him. "A fine bid he is.

Come here, Dan'el,"he coaxed, stooping down to let the shimmering bronze colored turkey pick the wheat from his open hand. "I call him Dan'el Webster, because you know that Dan'el

Webster was a giant among men, as the books say it; and this

young fellow is purty near the biggest turkey, for his age, 1 ever see,"he explained to his companion, who was now critically appraising the fowl.

"Yes, he is tol'able big, tol'able,"admitted Cyrus, stroking his grizzled beard. "But I've got one over to my place that could

just about step over yours, and he was only hatched out last

Mayday.""Maybe he just seems bigger, 'cause he ain't up agin Dan- 'el,"replied Ezra in mitigation of the divergent opinions.

lot bigger,"boasted Mr. Bassett, "No, sir, he is bigger—a

"and what's more, by Thanksgiving he's going to be the biggest

Dan'el Webster,young turkey in the state, bar none—not even

there.""I'll tell you what I'll do, Cyrus. I'll run a race with you

to see who has the biggest turkey by the day before Thanksgiving, and the one who loses has to give his turkey—or the

equal value in money to the winner,"stipulated the confident

Mr. Pond. "I hate to take such a mean advantage of you, Ezra, but if you want to put your head in such a sack, don't blame me. Sure

I'll do it."

"You hear that, do you Dan'el?"he addressed his huge intelligent eyed pet which was now emitting quick little 'kouck,

kouck's in the hopes of more grain. "So, if you want two pieces

of bread instead of just one, ask for it, won't you Dan'el?"

44 IMPROVEMENT ERA

That evening after the visitor had departed for home, and

Ezra had watched Daniel Webster with his smaller brothers and sisters fly up to the ridge of the buggy shed and settle down for the night, he confidently viewed the greater bulk of his chosen bird, and mused: "I hope it don't make him peeved when we

win, for Cyrus is a bit 'techy* sometimes."

As the summer drew on and each week saw Mr. Pond's

turkey increase it's lead in size over its brood mates, Ezra's so that he often wonassurance grew accordingly—so much

dered what he had best do with his friend's turkey when it should be his.

But if Ezra was reasonably certain that the prize would come to him, Mr. Bassett, with a more confident turn of mind,

never let the slightest suspicion enter his head that his bird might prove to be the smaller one. "Whyn't he call it

Stephen A. Douglas, instead of Dan'el Webster. If he is a

giant he's a little one all right enough, just like Douglas was. If his turkey was stood up along side of mine it 'ud

look just like that picture of Douglas standing up by Abe

Lincoln."When October's early frosts had made the grasshopper and other insects of field and orchard a thing of the past, which had been Daniel's main fare in his wide wanderings over the countryside, his owner greatly increased his grain rations. This soon gave plumpness to his huge frame, so that

by midOctober even a stranger would estimate his weight to be quite close to twenty pounds, which for a young turkey everyone admitted to be remarkable.

One late October day Ezra was placing the huge golden pumpkins in piles among the rows of shocked corn in his lower field when his little granddaughter, Marcia, breathlessly ran up to him stammering out: "Your—your—your—Daniel's in the well!"

"Dan'el, who's in what well?"

Daniel Webster, the tur- "Dan'el Turkey the—I mean

(key's in the well, the old well what we don't use any more, in the orchard!"

"Come on quick, Marcia,"rasped Mr. Pond. "How did

it happen?"

"Well, you see he was sitting on the side of the well, and

I guess he wanted to fly across it, so he gave a big flap, and he didn't make it, and he flopped right down the well, splosh!"When the two arrived at the place of the tragedy, Ezra peered down into the thirty feet of obscurity, but could neither see nor hear his rashly adventurous bird.

A SUSPICION ALLAYED 45

"Is he drowned, Mr. Pond?"asked little Thomas Orr, a

neighbor boy, who had been attracted by the excitement.

I can see him, "I suppose there ain't much water—now

with the light just right. He's got his head and wings above

water, so it can't be very deep."

"Tommy, how would you like to earn a quarter?"questioned Ezra, with a plan of rescue already formulated.

Thomas Orr's eyes gave the reply better than words could have done, so Mr. Pond continued: "This old well has been

almost dry for years, that's why we dug the other one: and

I'm sure the water isn't over a foot and a half deep, so I'll get the rope and buckets from the new well, and rig them up here. Then I'll lower you down so's you can tie another

little rope around Dan'el; and then I'll h'ist you up, and

then the turkey. Do you think you can do it, Thomas?"

"Sure, I can do lots harder things than that,"asserted the boy.

The ropes and buckets were quickly assembled and installed in the old well. With one foot in a bucket, and hands

tightly grasping the big rope, the boy was lowered down to the turkey, which was struggling about and splashing the water in vain attempts to fly out of the deep hole.

"Say, le'me up! I'm right on top of him, and he's

drowndin'me,"came echoing up from the cavernous depths.

"Did I let you down too far? How's that now? He

won't pick you; go right after him, Thomas."

No answer came up for some time, so Ezra judged that the boy was having difficulty in securely tying around the turkey the small clothes line rope which had been pressed into service.

"Tie it around his breast and under each wing,"Ezra boomed down to the rescuer.

UA}\ right, I got 'im good now; pull away,"came up the

well, in tones full of relief.

Mr. Pond pulled away as was directed, and in a moment

the dripping wet but smiling boy emerged from the well, grasping in one hand the small rope which was to be used in pulling up the almost submerged bird.

Cautiously the old man elevated the mudbedraggled fowl which, when placed upon dry land again, was a sorry sight to behold. It wheezed, and sputtered, and coughed, and

shook it's sodden plumage; and could scarcely drag its miserable body away from the scene of its near destruction.

"You aren't going to forget the quarter, are you, Mr.

Pond?"queried the rescuer, when he saw Ezra start after

the doleful bird to render it any help he could.

46 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"I suppose I was, Tom; but here it is."He flipped the

well earned coin to the boy, and shooed the dripping bird into a coop to give it a chance to recover.

When Mr. Bassett was told some ten days later about the

turkey falling into the well, and that it hadn't eaten anything for several days after, and wasn't yet as spry as it should be, he drew his brows together and drawled: "I suppose Ezra

will be right glad of some excuse like that, so he can tell what would have happened if Dan'el hadn't fallen down the old hole."It was true that even the optimistic and hopeful Mr.

Pond freely admitted Daniel had not been the same bird after the accident as before. "But,"he argued, consoling

himself at least, "there's almost a whole month yet, and

Dan'el's got powerful recuperatin'faculties, so I'm still glad

I put him in the race; besides,"he hinted, "I believe Bas-

I sett's turkey is terrible shy on bone and frame—though

suppose he is purty fat."

Four days before Thanksgiving it was patently evident that the enormous Daniel not only had recovered from his unwelcome fall, but was now spry as any cricket, and putting on flesh heavily and rapidly. His few days of semifast had been a blessing in disguise for him, by giving his

gastronomic organs a well needed rest. That he was now in

wonderfully fine condition was proved from his bright irridescent colorings. The gorgeous coppery bronze sheen of

his thick feathers was admired by all who viewed him.

On the morning, just three days before Thanksgiving,

Mr. Bassett went out to the barnyard to do his morning

chores, and among other things to scatter some grain to his turkeys. He had been very careful in feeding his birds, especially the monstrous one with which he was so sure of

winning. He had given them just as much as he believed

they could eat without becoming sick, for he knew wherein a turkey is different from a chicken: a chicken may cram

and gorge its craw tight full of corn or other grain, without the slightest ill effect, but for a turkey, in its still halfwild state, to overeat in this way means weeks of sickness, usually ending in death.

So when Mr. Bassett found the granary door open and a

half dozen turkeys within, his heart stopped a few beats.

Upon entering, his worst fears were found to be indisputably correct: the birds had been gorging for a long time upon

the shelled corn, and were now totally satisfied, with craws extended, showing the enormous amount that each had gobbled up.

A SUSPICION ALLAYED 47

Mr. Bassett quickly caught his ponderous bird, and

scaring the others outside, took the fat fellow to a coop so that he could eat no more that day.

By the time evening came, it was clearly evident that the turkey would not have eaten the most tempting morsel listlessly, mopinglyits owner might have offered it—it was

sick. The next day it was the same only visibly worse, yet

it managed to pick up a few grains of wheat which was thrown to it by the disgusted Cyrus. "The bottom's dropped

out now, for sure!"he tersely summed up the whole situation.

"But,"he pondered, "how in the tarnation could that granary door have got opened? I remember just as well as

anything of putting that wooden peg in the door hasp, and it couldn't get out itself. But it was out, and on the ground

this morning."

of "I wonder—"he reflected, "I don't think Ezra—no,

course, he wouldn't; but he does want to win mighty bad,

and he knows what too much corn '11 do to a turkey."

Several times that day he caught himself wondering who could have opened the door. As his wife was the only other

person at home, and he knew she had not been into any of the outbuildings for months, he was forced to conclude that it had been deliberately done by someone. "There wasn't

anything taken, and who would just want to open the door I ought to know he wouldn't do it, still——but

He would soon have disciplined his accusing thoughts about his friend had not Chester Glover met him that afternoon at the postoffice, and among stray bits of conversation said: "I suppose Ezrie Pond dropped in to see you last night

when he was by here. I was out a little after dark and seie

him drive by."

"No, he didn't; I didn't know he was over this way,*'

was the rejoinder of a man who had arrived at an unshakable, displeasing conclusion.

On the day before Thanksgiving Ezra drove over to Mr.

Bassett's with Daniel Webster, accompanied by Leslie Reece, who was to see that both birds were fairly weighed. They

were met at the front gate by Cyrus, who, after indifferently greeting them remarked: "My turkey's a leetle sick, but

we'll weigh him just the same.'

"Sick? He surely is,"assented the mutual friend when

they had been taken to the fowl's temporary hospital. "Look

at that puffy, dark head. He's got blackhead; that's what

he's got. And you know what that means. Why, you can't

eat that bird if he should win, Mr. Bassett!"

48 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"Yes, maybe you're right; but if he weighs the most I

win anyway, even though he is sick and has lost two or three pounds in the last few days."

"There, I said so,"breathed the too confident Cyrus;

"Ezra, you can't come up to that with your Stephen A. Douglas, even if someone did almost do for my turkey,"he added with hidden meaning, as his bird was weighed.

Daniel's huge bulk was soon made ready for the test, and as he rapidly lowered the needle down the numbering scale Ezra shouted: "Whoop! She's past it! She's past it!

Dan'el's won, sure enough!"

The scale registered just twentyseven pounds.

"That's right, all right, boys,"was the referee's official utterance. "Well, Ezra, I suppose I know you'll choose to take the money instead of this wreck,"glumly choked out Mr. Bassett, holding up his moribund fowl.

"Yes, I'll have to do that; besides, I know exactly who

I've got to give it to. Little Thomas Orr said he just ruined

his pants down the old, muddy well; and he'll have to have

another pair. He said he wouldn't go down another well if

General Pershing himself was stuck down there, for any quarter, so that's where the money goes to."

"Anyway, Cyrus, you come over with your wife to our place tomorrow and see how much better mother can cook a turkey than I can raise one. We'll be pleased to have you.""Thanks, Ezra, but I think we'll stay right—

"Look at that colt,"interrupted the referee, pointing to one of Mr. Bassett's twoyear-old fillies that were permitted

the run of the yard. "She's trying to open your granary

she's got the peg out!"door—there,

Cyrus B assert turned and saw the animal just as it nuzzled the door open with its sensitive lips, and then stood half undecided to enter or not.

"Ezra, then it wasn't—sure, Ezra, we'll be right glad to

come over to your place tomorrow for the whole day, only don't you dast to kill Dan'el Webster for Thanksgiving, for he's the whoppinest turkey I ever did see. He sure is!"

Wood's Cross, Utah

They iVppreciate the "Era'"1 take great delight in the Improvement Era, each month. It is a

great source of information to any who will read, and especially to me, a missionary."M. Grant Prisbrey, Halifax, England.

"We are receiving the Improvement Era regularly, and wish to voice our appreciation for this splendid magazine. R. Glen Call, E. Odell Peterson,

Missionaries, Tucson, Arizona.

Sources of Joy and Factors of Happiness

A Study for the Advanced Senior Classes of M. I. A., 192122

By Dr. George H. Brimhall

Lesson VII.—Ideality

Ideality, in this discussion, shall the more part, if not entirely, upon mean the power of creating ideals bis ideality. The bee has neither

and the process of working towards contemplation nor ambition in the them. direction of cell building or honey

Out of an almost infinite number gathering; he simply follows his

of aspects of a great subject a few instinct or impulse leading to a have been selected for presentation wise end, to perfection, without in this lesson. No attempt has the power either to contemplate or

been made in any instance to exenjoy that perfection. Through

haust a topic. instinct birds master the air and

Ideality is the head light of hunavigate the water. Man also does

man existence: it is created, promany things through instinct; he

jected, and followed by the indiwalks by instinct, he speaks invidual and the group. It is the stinctively, but, this walking and

child of progress leading its parspeaking is added to through idealent. If necessity is the mother of ity.

invention, ideality is the father of Ideality enters into walking progress. when we add to it poise and digIdeality is the measure of intellinity of attitude and grace of

gence; the higher the ideality the movement. There are people, howhigher the intelligence, and the ever, who are so lacking in ideallower the ideality the lower the inity of attitude and action that they

telligence. The higher the intellinever learn how to stand properly

gence the greater the capacity for or sit down gracefully.

joy, and the higher the things to We instinctively eat, nut the probe enjoyed. cesses of feeding one's self in order

to rise above the gratification of Ideality and Instinct.—Animals

reach their completeness in inthe animal reaches into the realm stinct entirely through inheritof higher happiness. Ideality supance, and they arrive at their perplements our feeding processes

fection in action through instinct with table manners, which lift the or inherited ability. individual and the group into a

The completeness of man's existfield of aesthetic enjoyment.

ence is subject to the modification Through ideality man has masof ideality, and progressive pertery over the elements, an ever fection of his ability depends for progressing mastery. Ideality is

50 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the daydream land of perfection, of an ideal sweetheart, such as she ideality substitutes choice for would desire for a prospective chance. Ideality never waits for sisterin-law, would bring courtthings to happen, it plans for them ship to an altitude where the dust

to happen. of iniquity never reaches.

qualThis field of ideality will lead Ethics and Ideality.—The

ity of the individual coming down over into the field of consistency the road to meet us depends upon where the contemplation of unour ideality, that person in time equal yoking is conspicuous for becomes a mental fact. It is the its absence. The college woman,

"I"of today that shall become the whose choice of a husband proved "Me"of tomorrow. "I"must meet something of a surprise to her asthis "Me."The "Me"I meet will sociates, met their amazement with

never be better than the "I"which the remark, "I am choosing for

I send forward. In making the "I"my children as well as for myself."

one must do more than work to a She gave evidence of a consistency pattern. in ideality that carried over as a

The ambition to become just source of joy unknown except like someone else is at best not through the parentage of highsuperior ideality. This ideality is grade offspring. If it be true that

only second grade. High grade great men have superior mothers,

character ideality has behind it an then the placing of high ideality acquaintance with one's better self, into the choosing of a wife or a and a determination to carry over husband needs no argument.

into habit the saying of that illusIt has frequently been said that trious educator, Doctor Maeser, great women have great fathers "Be yourself, your better self."and great men great mothers.

The simple attempt to characterWhatever operates towards the ize one's better self, which can be improvement of the race, either done only through our ideality, is through heredity, environment, or a source of satisfaction. It is a joy education, contributes in the highfor one to make an inventory of est sense, both as a source of joy

his good desires. and a factor of happiness, and it

Ideality and seems that ideality in mating does Marriage.—The

mating instinct is responsible for its full share.

more marriages than any other Ideality and Religion.—"Be ye

factor that leads to marriage; yet therefore perfect, even as your

the stream of joy coming from love Father in heaven is perfect."This

unions may be deepened and endoes not mean a standstill perfeclarged by the introduction of idealtion according to "Mormon"docity into courtship and marriage. trine. All perfection is progresOn the one hand, the contemplasive. When we sing, "Thus on

tion of what an ideal lover should to eternal perfection, the honest be, such as he would like for a and faithful will go,"we mean thus prospective brotherin-law, and on on to progressive perfection. The

the other hand the contemplation religion, the doctrines of which

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 51

2. Describe an ideal atttitude at themake room for the exercise of trie

highest ideality, is, at least, psytable. 3. How is the following scriptural adchologically the best. As that monition related to the development of

which is most in harmony with ideality: "Let your apparel be the

the nature of man, and most proworkmanship of your own hands"?

From a large number of answers toductive of conditions of happiness 4. the question: "What is ideal vocational

for man is most desirable by the success?"the following was selected, as

better self of man, it would follow the best: "Doing so well what one likes

that the religion which provides to do, that he has no need to do anyfor man's becoming like God is the thing else to make a living."

5. Wherein is ideality essentially indisbest for the man. pensable to such a 'success?

The idealizing of ideality in our 6. Wherein does ideality provide for

every day religious life is a process progressive perfection?

7. What is the distinction betweenof heavenmaking. It is a process completion and perfection? To which

of spiritual habitmaking. One's one of them isjideality a stranger and

religious character is measured by to which one is it a constant companion?

one's religious ideality and one's 8. What reason had the great artist to

weep when he had finished a painting 80spiritual activity crystallized into perfect that neither he nor any of his habit. fellow artists could see how it might be

One may contribute to one's improved?

How will good table manners addspiritual strength, which is always 9. to the joy of the individual and society.

a source of joy, by listing the hab10. Wherein is your better self not

its which constitute his individual completely characterized in the followspirituality, and the group habits ing: "My better self is sincere, kind,

which constitute the family spiritcourteous, prompt, patient, industrious, temperate, generous, optimistic, uality. These should be measured clean, courageous."

by the desired spiritual condition 11. Discuss the prospective happiness

which his ideality has created. resulting from the mating of persons with

high ideals. What are the probable reProblems. sults of the marriage union?

12. Name the spiritual habits which

1. What will the streets of Salt Lake would measure up to your religious

City and those of Boston say concerning ideality, (a) for the individual, (b) for the ideality of the first settlers? the family.

Lesson VIII.—Work.

It must be understood that life; thorns also and thistles shall it bring

"work"in this lesson shall mean forth to thee; and thou shalt eat the

aimful activity, physical, intellecherb of the field; in the sweat of thy

face shalt thou eat bread."

tual, ethical, or spiritual.

The rebound of the Fall lifted the position of a careTheological Aspect.—And unto Adam Adam from

he said, "Because thou hast hearkened taker to that of a gardenmaker;

unto the voice of thy wife, and hast eaten it was a promotion. In the readyof the tree, of which I commanded thee, made heaven of Eden he playedsaying, Thou shalt not eat of it, cursed

life. It is the ground for thy sake; in sorrow upon a selftuned harp of

shalt thou eat of it all the days of thy was enjoyment without advance52 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ment. The jar, a divinely planned ing towards the expected reward

circumstance, unstrung that harp in the hereafter; and just to the

and threw Adam from the position extent that the "now"is a part of of a mere performer to that of a eternity, this stream of present joy composer: the Fall was upward. is a part of eternal happiness. It

Adam was not cursed but blessed may be truly said of ideal working with work. It was the earth that conditions, "Once a source of joy,

was cursed that he might have always a source of joy."

work. Work that was something Work is thrice blessed; it blesses

more than employment, work diin the planning, it blesses in the vine, the work of bringing order process, and it blesses the product.

out of chaos in all the kingdoms There is not standing room in of earth life, vegetable, animal the Church of Christ for the indoand man. lent; the Kigdom of God is a king-

A weed is but a plant out of dom of industry.

place. Wheat becomes weeds when Community Aspect.—Unemit interferes with the growth of ployment is an open grave of combeets. Man was to have work. munity progress, group indolenceWork into which optimistic idealis the camp fire of congregating

ity could enter, work sustained by crime. Everybody busy spells uniintention as well as by impulse, versal prosperity. Out of work,

work in which initiative doubles from a community point of view, the joy of achievement, work that means in danger. Public sentimakes of man more than a servant ment that tolerates making a livingof divinity, more than a friend of by hook or crook furnishes a culGod, a partner with God for the ture bed for future criminals.

salvation of the one and the glory of the other, the eternal, progressThe gabbling cobbler who led ive joy of both. men about the streets to wear out

their shoes and get himself into The ignorance of the under* more work showed a method instanding of God's purposes, mishis madness by which a streetinterpretation of his word, led to corner loafer might profit.and has perpetuated the two erContributions to the Individual.rors of the ages: first, thinking

great apostle of work,and speaking of work as a curse,—The

Thomas Carryle, says:and, second, working to get out of

work. "There is a perennial nobleness and

Social is a good even sacredness in work. Were he nevAspect.—Work

thing to have finished, but a better er so benighted, forgetful of his high calling, there is always hope in a man thing to be doing. The happiness that actually and earnestly works.

of future salvation and the joys of Blessed is he who has found his work.

... All true work is sacred. Labor, wideexaltation are to be measured by

standards of work, but there is a as the earth, has its summit in heaven. Sweat of the brow, and up from that to

happiness here and now, happiness sweat of the brain, sweat of the heart constantly coming through workwhich includes all Kepler's calculations,

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 53

Newton's meditations, all science, all Triumph,"p. 565; also Markham's, "The

spoken epics, all acted heroism, marMan With the Hoe."

of bloody tyrdoms—up to that 'agony

sweat'which all men have called divine, Problems.

brother, if this is not 'worship'then I say the more pity for worship for this 1. What did God do with the earth in

is the noblest thing yet discovered under order to bless Adam with the opportunity

God's sky."for progressive occupation?

Work is the greatest refuge for stant2. Outstreamof whichof joy:comes theachievingmost conor

those driven by despair; it is a achievement?

field of forgetfulness of those 3. Of what phase of work as a source

things we would not remember; of joy is the following an illustration:

it is the prime minister of refor- A person on her death bed said, "I am mation, working changes with its so glad that I have done what Temple work I have."magic touch which never can be

4. What is the word "work"to mean inwrought by the harsh hand of this lesson?

pains and penalties. 5. Distinguish between service and Work is the trysttree of ideality servitude.

and action, where mind and matter 6. Discuss this problem: To unduly

meet in a fulness of joy. Work shorten the workday means to lessen

demands sincerity, it develops the the stream of human happiness.

dutydoing power, it furnishes the 7. Wherein is an attitude against work

conditions for fortitude. Loyalty antiChristian?

What international condition existsto labor bespeaks fidelity to 8.

today illustrative of the Shakespearianfriends.

saying "Borrowing dulls the edge of

Love for one's labor and pride husbandry?"

in its products, these two things 9. What are the dangers of unemploymark nature's noblemen. To do ment in communities?

little means to grow little, to com10. What is the cost in the loss of proplete one's task and then more is ductiveness per day for the maintenance

for four million unemployed workmen?a process of selfpromotion. Volis the How happiness of a nationuntary, overtime service is a affected11. this by condition in otherprophecy of special recognition; than the financial loss? ways

it is a characteristic of superin12. In what other ways than want does

tendency. The manager of a large unemployment interfere with the happiness of the community?

business, on being asked why he 13. In what way do streetcorner loafpromoted a certain young person ers adversely advertise the community?

over many of senior service, said, 14. On the ground of providing for

"She promoted herself!"community happiness, justify the penalizWork will win and winning is ing of vagrancy.

15.—Wherein is it impossible to cheat

both a large source of joy and a an employer without cheating one's self?

strong factor of happiness. Work 16. Discuss work becoming drudgery

blesses the workerand the worked (a) through an aversion in atttitude, (b) through excessiveness of task.for.

T7. Which idea contributes most to the References

happiness of the race: There is enough Improvement Era, Vol. 9, n. 694; 11: p. for everybody to have, or there is enough 18502, and especially Vol. of for "A Song everybody to do?

54 IMPROVEMENT ERA Lesson IX.—Leisure.

is a time afford the necessary leisure or not. Introduction.—Leisure

at one's disposal to do what he The work hours, however full of pleases. Leisure activities are enjoyment they may be, rarely, if

those engaged in when we have ever, afford time for the contemnothing to do. Leisure is pass time plation that is too frequently abor time to be passed in following sent from the lives of the masses.

our inclinations. Labor has charge The courtesy demanded at the

of our vocations, but leisure guides counter has not that heart throb our avocations. Leisure time is quality which is made in the social

not measured by the kitchen circle during leisure hours. Leisure

clock, not by the husiness man's makes possible the avocation chronometer; it is registered by the which often supersedes the vocasun dial of recreation. tion; and exceeds it in the deLeisure is the excursion element velopment of efficiency, and in

of the journey of life. Ball playing giving joy to the worker. It so

to Babe Ruth is work; duty calls frequently happens that one's aptihim to the bat. To the unpaifl tude is found in leisure hours. It

player a ball game is leisure. To was leisure that delivered Franklin

the dancing master the ball room from the printer's devil and permitted him to play with the giantis a field of labor, to the public it is a place of recreation, he must be Electricity much to the joy of the world.there, they may be there; he has

joy in his work, and happiness Without leisure for the youth comes from his efforts in the form William Cullen Bryant, no Thanaof satisfaction of achievement topsis would have come to us. Had

and in his financial compensation. the Boy of Nazareth been kept at

They enjoy the acting; the motive the carpenter's bench without resof results is not at all associated pite, except to eat and sleep, his

with their performances; his is the scriptural knowledge would not

operation of putting in time, theirs have astounded the theologians at of passing time, yet he and they the temple.

nay dance together. Leisure provides for physical relaxation. It has been well and The Necessity of Leisure.—Without leisure service may become truly said that change is rest, and

servitude and duty degenerate one of the most recuperative forms into drudgery. of change is that from work to

play, "My bow strung up too long"Alas, for maiden, alas for judge,

For rich repiner and household drudge."will not shoot strong,"said the Indian hunter, when asked why he

Leisure ofttimes affords the only unstrung his bow whenever he sat opportunity for culture. In his down to rest while hunting. He

chapter on chosrng a vocation, the may have been a savage but less of cui'ior of the Man of Tomorrow, a simpleton than many an overpoints out the importance of conworked, over selftasked civilian.

sidering whether the vocation will It is a matter of common knowlSOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 55

edge that exhaustion deflates or pastime, that he "would not lead flattens the cells of the body. Leis- a cardplaying people."

ure given to rest inflates by recuLeisure in the library lifts the lid peration the entire physical make of the treasure box of centuries, up. Permitting even duty to drive and gives us access to the thoughtunheedingly past the danger sigjewels of the ages. Dr. Oliver

nals of weariness, is like auto Wendell Holmes addressed the lispeeding with flat tires, rapid ruin brarians as, "Sexton's of those alis the result. Leisure gi\en to discoved tombs where men in leathern

sipation becomes a drug either over cerements lie."

exciting or stupefying. A survey Leisure in the gossip circle is the

reaching over several years of close whetstone to sharpen the scissors of observation indicated the profitslander with which reputations are ableness of paying miners seven riddled.

days'wages for six days'work; pro- "There's so much bad in the best of us,vided, they would rest physically And so much good in tne worst of us,

and avoid all forms of dissipation That it doesn't behoove any of us, on the seventh day. To talk about the rest of us."

Employers, by sad experience, are forced to the conclusion thai a Leisure devoted to chariiy pernight out by the average employe is forms miracles at which mercy money out to the business, even smiles, and justice nods approval.

though the worker may be "JohnAll who know him love the man nie on the spot,"as to the hours who, when a youth, devoted holiput in the next day. day hours to writing comfort c.rds

Leisure taken from duly is like for the old folks of his community.

the stolen fox hidden under the The joy that came to him through cloak of the Spartan youth, dehis leisuretime efforts is still a vouring the vitals of the thief. No joy; it is a part of his life's glory.

one can enjoy an outing for an Leisure as a sacrifice to labor in hour with the consciousness of havdistress is a pathfinder for promoing prematurely left his post of tion. When necessity calls for

picked overtime, and leisure is generouslyduty. His pleasure—fruit

before its time is bitter. given, to lend a hand, labor finds a

Leisure at the round table stimufriend whom it lifts toward the lates the student, improves the cititop. An ounce of voluntary aid

zen, and shapes the statesman. See has more weight on the scales of

Doc. and Cov. 88: 7879. merit than has a pound of demandLeisure at the card table is a ed help, and leisure then makes

timekiller. Even the idler, for generosity of time possible, and

whom there is no place in Zion, generosity is one of joy's purest permits the moments to die peacefountains.

fully, while the card player kills Leisure given to loafing, adverthem outright. Brigham Young, tises the sluggard, hurts his relathe pioneer leader and prophet of tives, and hinders his community.

the Lord, declared when card playThere are few things, if any, that ing was introduced as a campfire are more detrimental to a town 56 IMPROVEMENT ERA

than groups of men gathered on great objective; they have mainthe street corners to pass the time tained systems of slavery that some

away. To such, home is a place class might surfeit itself in pastime.

to go when they can't go anywhere The gladiatorial combats of Rome else. While one can not spend leisand the bull fights of Mexico are

ure in the library, at the round illustrative of the extent to which table, or a ball room where procommunities may go with degenerpriety prevails, without being made ate pastimes. It needs no argument

brighter and better, he can no more to show the necessity of a constant expect to come out of an unselect struggle of the best in society, for movie or a jazz ballroom without temperance in leisure and decency being mentally smeared, than he in its employment.

may hope to take a bath in a sewer The "sane"fourth of July moveand come out physically clean. ment is a sample of what may be

Leisure is to life what dessert is done towards lifting the leisure of to eating, over indulgence in either a nation above danger. The taboo

terminates with loss of the power of evil is not to be derided as a to enjoy. The pleasure hunter is reformatory force. The "notdo"

always on a rainbow chase. Whois indispensable to progress, but

ever makes leisure the object of life stronger still is the potency of suphas turned his back on labor and plying the good. Substitution is

taken up the trail of the "human the most effective means of elimbeing with nothing to do,"at the inating evil. Keep the good comend of which waits the dragon dising with a speed that shall consume

appointment. the leisure moments as they come,

Leisure with the camping kit, and our pastime will become in leads us into "God's first temples,"the highest sense good times.

puts mountain tops under our feet, holds over us the starry canopy Leisure and the Abuse of Indusrush for pastime isthat Abraham studied, gives us the tries.—The mad

laughter of rills, lets us hear the turning our industries away from whisper of fragranceladen breezes, the native born into the hands of and awakens within us the echo of the emigrant. Young America

the song of the soul, "Nearer, my may say, "I won't work,"the forGod, to Thee."Mountain hiking eigner is answering him, "I will

means in more than one sense livwork,"and an inescapable destiny ing the higher life. Years ago the is putting our farms, stores, restauorganizer of the Young Men's Murants, and many other enterprises

tual Improvement Association, Juinto the hands of the foreigner who nius F. Wells, inspiringly uttered will soon be in a position to say to

these words, "Every young man the native prodigal, "You would should stand on some mountain not work for yourself, now you peak once a year."must work for me."

When we look back through history we see that nations have gone Leisure and the Sabbath Day.—

wrong through making leisure a Sunday is the Lord's day. When

SOURCES OF JOY AND FACTORS OF HAPPINESS 57

we recite, "Six days shalt thou laQuestions and Problems.

bor, and do all thy work,"let 1. Define leisure.

special emphasis be placed on the 2. Illustrate the distinction between

word, "thy,"and then perhaps we leisure activities and labor.

may get the import of the sen- 3. Show the relation between avocatence: "The seventh is the Sabtion and leisure.

4. What comes to us through leisurebath of the Lord thy God,"When

we remember how that on the first that we can not get any other way? 5. Name some of the abuses of leisure.

day of the week the promise of a 6. Why is it important that employers

resurrection became a reality, we should know the favorite pastimes of may understand why it is with their employes?

great propriety called the "Lord's 7. What has the prevailing pastime

day,"a day for which he has made occupation of a community to do with the price of real estate and house rent?a program of procedure, the car- 8. What in your opinion are properrying out of which, by the individSabbath day activities?

ual and the community, will pro- 9. What activities are improper?

tect both from degeneracy, and 10. Show how leisure is spoiled by

cause both to make progress with a taking for it time that belongs to other maximum of speed and a minimum things.11. What would happen to the world if

of discomfort. Sunday is not a day everybody let the love of leisure lead

them?to do as I please, but to do as God 12. Under what conditions is leisure

pleases. And as to his pleasure, a source of joy and a factor of happithe Doctrine and Covenants, 59: 9 ness?

and 68:28 and Gospel Doctrine, 13. Discuss the responsibility assumed by deferring or refusing to rear a family,

pages 304, 305, are cited. because the care of children interferes

with the leisure of parents.

Achievement

In the humdrum and stress of existence,

Have you clung to the dreams of your youth:

When a star in the distance you sighted,

Shining forth with the glory of truth?

You've decided your hopes are all futile,

Your ambitions you placed far too high,

That the good things of Life are not for you;

In the dust do your dreams now all lie?

God ne'er mocked mortal man with desires,

Which were more than his pow'r to gain;

Ah, beware lest you're lashed with the knowledge, 'Twas small faith that prevented your gain;

Ah yes, this is a world of achievement,

There's no time to let slip idly by,

And still trust in yourself and your Maker,

Who'll guard o'er you with unfailing eye.

Raymond, Canada Helen Kimball Orgill

Conversion and Testimony of the Late

President C. N. Lund*

Selected front his Journal by his Son, C. N. Lund, Jr

While the members of our family were quietly pursuing their humble course in life, satisfied with their lot, and never daring to hope or dream of anything better, either for themselves or for their children after them, and satisfying, as best they could, the cravings of their spiritual natures by reading the Lutheran prayer book at home, and once in a while attending church, a little circumstance transpired which was destined to change the future course of our lives and scatter cu:; family over two continents and affect our posterity yet

unborn.

It was on a pleasant day in the month of April, 1857, at the home where I was born. My father was working out, my

mother was alone at home with three little boys, the youngest four years, and the eldest, myself, 11 years. A man

knocked at the door. My mother bade him come in, and

he introduced himself as a "Mormon'1 missionary. His name

we never learned. He called but once. He told us the wonderful story of how God had again revealed himseF from

heaven and had raised up a prophet in America by the name of Joseph Smith. This sounded very, very strange to my

mother. She said she could not understand how that could

be true when the Bible, as she understood it, stated that if anyone should pretend to have received new revelation we should by no means pay any attention to him, or place any confidence in it. He read from the Bible and conversed with us

for some time, explaining the principles of the gospel, and the restoration of the Church of Jesus Christ upon earth.

When he left, I remember my mother was so impresse 1 that she lemarked, "I believe what that man said is true.''There

the Feed was sown which has since borne so much fruit.

But there was a struggle at hand. "Mormonism"was

never heard of before in that part of Denmark. The people

*C. N. Lund, for many years president of the North Sanpete stake

of Zion, and one time President of the Scandinavian Mission, and well known among the people of the "West as a sterling character, died May 7, 1921.—Editors.

CONVERSION OF PRESIDENT C. N. LUND 59

went nearly wild with excitement. Opposition arose from

within and from without. Awful tales were told about the

"Mormons,"and about Utah. Courage was necessary to break

the ice and be the pioneers in so unpopular a cause. Father

hesitated, brothers held back, mother investigated and reasoned with other elders. The next elder to come in was Mads

Anderson, of Mt. Pleasant. He conversed with the family all

one night, but it seemed he could not overcome the darkness, until with vigor and loud voice he commanded the devil to leave the home. Immediately after, my mother said she was

ready to be baptized. So at the breaking of day on June 21,

1857, she went into the waters of baptism and was confirmed a member of the Church.

At this time I was between eleven and twelve years of age and was working out and had not been home much when the elders had been at our home. I was not surrounded by

the best influences where I worked, and from what I had been told I was very unfavorably impressed about "Mormonism."I felt indignant at what my mother had done, and believed that she had brought disgrace upon our family. A

month or so had passed since she had joined the unpopular sect, and my father and older brother had followed her example. So I determined I would go home for a visit and

give them to understand that I thought they had acted very foolishly and brought trouble and disgrace upon their children as well as themselves. I went home thus determined,

but I shall never forget that meeting with my sainted mother.

After fifty years the picture of that occasion is still vivid on my memory as when a boy of twelve. Clad in her simple

apparel, I remember yet the patches on her dress, she appeared to me a changed woman. There seemed to be a

peaceful, gentle and holy influence, or expression beaming from her countenance, and when she spoke her words were filled with love and kindness. This completely overcame me.

I could not account for it. I marveled. But, of course, I

soon knew, and know far better now, that it was the result of obedience to the gospel and the influence of the Holy

Spirit which had been imparted to her. I forgot to give vent

to my former feelings of regret for what she had done. My

father was also there and was happy for what he had received. But, though changed, I was not yet converted.

On the last of November, 1857, as I was again going home from the place where I worked, I met on the road two of my brothers, one older, one younger, who both believed the gosit there on the road, andpel. We had a conversation about

even though I had finally determined that I would have 60 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nothing to do with this unpopular sect, it was while standing there on the highway, conversing and arguing, that I felt plainly the Spirit of God coming over me, and an impression or testimony came to me that the gospel was true and that I ought to obey it. I felt like the disciples say they did when

Jesus spoke to them by the way, "our hearts burned within us."I went home, and to the great joy of my mother, I told

her that I now felt that what she had done was right, and that I would soon follow her example. So, on a cold and

stormy evening, March 20, 1858, Elder Hans P. Iversen led

me into the waters of baptism in the same spot where my mother had been baptized. I knew but little of the gospel

at that time, but I felt that I had done right, and it was aln easy matter for me to leave off the little habits I had formed in my associations with rough men where I had worked, and be a better boy.

A short time after my baptism, I dreamed one night I was standing at the place where I was baptized and I saw the Savior coming in the clouds of heaven, and as I looked at him I saw him wave his hand, and then the heavens rolled together like a scroll. This dream impressed me that what

I had done was approved of the Lord.

I did not then know all that the gospel is and what it will do for people, but in fifty years I have learned much. From

the hour of receiving it, I have never doubted nor wavered, and bear testimony today to its wonderful truth and saving power.

Mt. Pleasant, Utah.

Wilt Thou Me Guide?

Wilt Thou me guide?

The evening shadows deeper grow;

Though death with us abide, Let us Thy gracious mercy know.

Wilt Thou me guide?

Though sorrows tear my aching heart;

Whatever fate may us betide, Let not Thy peace from us depart.

Wilt Thou me guide?

Though angry billows surge and roar;

From Thee we cannot hide, Be Thou with us forevermore.

Carrie Tanner Lest We Forget Brown I.—John

By Seymour B. Young, President of the First Council of Seventy.

There are other virtues than cheerfulness and a smiling countenance; one of these is stamina; another, greater still,

is loyalty.

Early in the ministry of the Prophet Joseph Smith he predicted the Civil War. The following is a revelation from

the Lord, recorded in section 87 of the Doctrine and Covenants:

Verily, thus saith the Lord, concerning the wars that will shortly come to pass, beginning at the rebellion of South Carolina, which will eventually terminate in the death and misery of many souls.

The days will come that war will be poured out upon all nations, beginning at that place;

For behold the Southern States shall be divided against the Northern States, and the Southern States will call on other nations, even the nation of Great Britain, as it is called, and they shall also call upon other nations, in order to defend themselves against other nations; and

then war shall be poured out upon all nations.

And it shall come to pass, after many days, slaves shall rise up against their masters, who shall be marshalled and disciplined for war.

Some of the above predictions were literally fulfilled during the late Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was chosen

the standardbearer to save the Union, and dining the great struggle of the Civil War, on the 12th day of August, 1862, he issued his proclamation of freedom for the slaves. Their

emancipation dated from January 1, 1863. This prepared

a way for the fulfilment of that portion of the prophecy by the Prophet Joseph Smith, stating that slaves should be marshalled and disciplined for war, contending against their former masters. Several years subsequent to this prophecy,

however, Joseph Smith advised, with a view of preventing the war, that the Government purchase the slaves of the

South, paying the owners from moneys obtained by the sale of the public lands, thus giving freedom to the slaves, and remuneration to the slave holder for his property. He hoped

by this means to maintain peace between the North and the

South.

Emerson, a few years later, made a similar proposition, 62 IMPROVEMENT ERA

looking to the settlement of the slave question, but neither were heeded by the ruling power of the nation. Hence, no

preparation was made for the permanent freedom of the slaves, until the Civil War incidentally brought about their emancipation. The fact was that bleeding Kansas and the Missouri Compromise, discussed in the daily press and newspapers,

during the decade between 1850 and 1860, had become constant sources of irritation between the slave owners of the South and the nonslave holders of the North.

Notwithstanding the wise suggestions of prudent men, looking to the prevention of trouble over the slave question, the flame of discord and hatred continued to be fanned until it burst into the fierce and fiery struggle between the North and the South, the latter aiming at the destruction of the

Union, while the former determined to preserve it at any cost. We need only refer to the late world war for the fulfilment of the prophet's words, "and thus war shall be poured

out upon all nations."

Early in the year 1859, John Brown, a declared apostle of Abolitionism, gathered around him a company of sixteen devoted followers, and marched to Harper's Ferry, in old

Virginia, and captured the United States Armory, located at that place, and sent out invitations to the black slaves of the South to come and join his standard, at the Armory, there to be supplied with arms and ammunition, and thus be made ready to fight for their freedom.

The attack upon the Armory and its capture was sudden and unexpected, but as soon as Governor Wise learned of conditions, he ordered out the state militia, and a company sufficiently large was marched to Harper's Ferry, and John

Brown and his small party of followers were made prisoners without the firing of a gun, or the shedding of blood. Their

trial and conviction resulted in the sentencing and execution of John Brown, three of his sons and two of his sonsin-law, while the other members of his company, eleven in all, after proper examination were set at liberty, on the plea that they followed John Brown for the purpose of having an outing, to have a lark and a camp out in the wilds, not dreaming that he was going to lead them in an attack upon the state for any purpose whatever.

At the time of this event, people began to question one another. Isn't this the beginning of the war between the

North and the South? But the excitement of the John Brown

episode soon passed, and to show how little weight had been made on the public mind by his capture and execution, and

LEST WE FORGET 63

that of his sons, some one wrote the following jingle, which became quite a popular neighborhood song:

'In Harper's Ferry section, they've had an insurrection,

John Brown thought the nigger would sustain him,

But old Governor Wise put his specs upon his eyes;

And sent him to the happy land of Caanan.

But John Brown, like Banquo's ghost, would not down, and people began to ask themselves, "Was John Brown's effort to free the slaves all in vain, did he give his life for nothing?"Ajnd the answer seemed to be impressed upon

the minds of these inquirers that coming events had cast their shadows before. The efforts of John Brown, his capture and execution, were indeed a foreshadowing of the coming war, and then public sentiment had seemingly undergone a decided change, and the following lines were composed and sung round the camp fires of the Union soldiers:

John Brown's hody lies a mouldering in the grave,

Weep, ye sons of bondage whom he venturedTall to save,

Now, while the grass grows green above his grave,

His soul goes marching on, glory, glory hallelujah,

Glory, glory hallelujah.

Glory, glory hallelujah, his soul goes marching on.

In the autumn of 1860, at the November election for

President of the United States, Abraham Lincoln was elected president for the coming four years, gaining a decided victory over the Democratic nominee of the North, Stephen A.

Douglas, also defeating Breckenridge who was a nominee of the people of the Southern States. It was believed by the

people who elected Lincoln that the right man had been chosen and one who would meet with firmness and bravery every requisition and maintain the safety of the Union, for already the black clouds of the Civil War were ominously looming in the south.

Pride Goeth Before a Fall

Desiring to interview a certain learned B. S. and Ph. D., a very

pompous, stylishly gowned female entered the lobby of a building which she supposed to be the college where the gentleman might be found.

"Is Professor L in?"she enquired patronizingly of the person in attendance. "He is not here,"the one addressed replied.

"Not here!"irritably reiterated the other. "Well, hj should be."

"I beg pardon,"the employee answered. "Do you know where you are?

This is not a college. This building is a hospital for the insane."G. I. F.

Loyalty to our President

By Joseph S. Peery

Big miihlare loyal to constituted authority. All the

universe is governed by law. To be in harmony with law,

we must be loyal. In God's perfected Kingdom every officer

works in perfect loyalty. Disloyalty would mean rebellion,

dissolution—destruction.

God chooses his representative here on earth. He makes

no mistake. Whoever he chooses is the right person in the

right place to fill a mission that no one else can perform.

In paragraph 7, section 132, Doctrine and Covenants,

God plainly states that the President of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints holds the eternal sealing and binding power and is the anointed of God. "Whom I have

appointed on the earth to hold this power, and there is never but one on the earth at a time on whom this power and the keys of this Priesthood are conferred."

Therefore, as a member of this Church I am bound by all sacred ties to uphold and sustain God's chosen and anointed, and I am very pleased to do so. Should I hear our

President criticized at any time and not defend him I would acquiesce in the disloyal utterance and would be equally guilty. Why should not I uphold our presidents? Every one

of them fill their missions well, trained from infancy by the

Almighty to discharge their high and holy calling. All of

them are noble, choice, splendid men.

There is safety in sustaining our President. I have been

shown that a shakeup will come. Twelve years ago in a

realistic dream I saw a terrible convulsion of nature. One

building after another fell down. I was standing at the foot

of a hill, and, on the hill top, I saw a round tower tumble to the ground. Looking around I noticed the President of the

Church. I went over to him, and together we walked up the

hill. About half way on the hillside we went into a building. Then I awoke. My interpretation is that when the

shakeup comes my place is to go with the President of the

Church, whoever he may be, and with God's help I propose to do so.

In calm or in storm, it is the duty of all members of this

Church to uphold and sustain at all times God's anointed our President.

It is up to You

By Dr. Thomas L. Martin, Professor of Agronomy,

Brigham Young University

There is a tendency on the part of some to make their schooling a matter of convenience, and, inasmuch as the attendance at college will necessitate a little effort, a little grit, a little determination, they are content to relax in their desires and wait until they are a little better prepared financially.

The world loves a man with a purpose, especially when that man has enough red blood in his veins to cany out that purpose in the face of difficulty. "It stands aside for the man who

knows where he is going."It admires the man who proves that

to secure an education finances are but thirtythree and onethird per cent; determination, sixtysix and twothirds per cent.

We were placed upon this earth to subdue it, but when we see young men and oftentimes young women living lives that indicate that the earth has subdued them, it is indeed a sorry spectacle. A man, when he knows where he stands and what he

plans to do in this world and launches out into the unknown to accomplish these ends, is always happily surprised to find that nature, with her forces, has enlisted in his cause and is working for his success. Beautifully does Ralph Parlette tell about the

Mississippi river in his book entitled, Go on South.

The Mississippi river, the Father of Waters, begins as a little, trickling creek. It wabbles through the woods of Minnesota. It does not know where it is going, but it is on its way.

Folks criticise it and say it has not water enough to get out of the county. It only says, "I'm going ahead."It has water

enough to start out, and that is all it cares. As it continues

south it picks up a little more water here and there, and it suddenly finds itself developing into a big stream. "Do you know

why the Mississippi goes South?"is asked. To continue to be

the Mississippi. If it should stop and stagnate, it would not

be the Mississippi river, it would become a stagnant, poisonous pond. What a wonderful illustration for the struggling youth!

As the river goes south it finds obstacles in the way. Concrete

dams are placed clear across its path. It still i determined to

keep going south, so it rises higher than the obstacle and sweeps over it on its selected path. The power it develops, due to overcoming the obstacle, brings light and power to a thousand cities.

It meets further opposition from drainage canals, the muddy 66 IMPROVEMENT ERA

streams of its tributaries, all conspire to make things unpleasant for the Mississippi, but it still goes south, neutralizing the poison of the polluted streams and becoming bigger and stronger for the experience. As it approaches the Gulf of Mexico the rive

becomes so large that science has not yet been able to put a bridge across it. It bears upon its bosom the commerce of many

nations, and gives to the struggling youth one of its greatest lessons:—with small beginnings and a great determination, the

biggest things in life are accomplished. If the little creek on

Lake Itasca, in Minnesota, should have thought that its waters were too small to start on South, it would have degenerated into a poisonous swamp and deprived the world of one of the greatest wonders of the age.

The life story of the Mississippi river is the life story of every man who has become a leader of men.

Young man, what is your decision? Do not shrivel in the

face of a small financial difficulty. Make the start, and you

will be surprised at your own powers. Your family, society,

your religious ideals, your future associates, demand that you make the start. Surely you have the stuff within you. Read

Up by George Matthew Adams, Go by George Harrison Phelps,

University of Hard Knocks by Ralph Parlette, then prove to the world you have the stuff within you. It is your ethical and religious duty to secure your educational training. Get it.

Provo, Utah

The Reward Though Unseen is Sure

By George Henry Norman

"Good afternoon, Sister Garratt, I am pleased to see you at Sunday school. Have you been ill?"

"No,"said Sister Garratt, "only staying away from the meetings."

Elder Norton, who had been a keen student of human nature all his life, perceived by her disinterested answer that there was some other reason for her absence.

A further question elicited the fact that she had become somewhat discouraged. Said Sister Garratt: "I have put a lot

into the Church, and have got so little out of it; I have come

here Sunday after Sunday; wet or fine, winter and summer,

I have been in my place as a teacher; yet, I do not seem to

fact the children seem tohave made any progress whatever,—in

get more unruly in the class.

THE REWARD IS SURE 67

Elder Norton: "You say you have put a lot into the Church

and got so little out of it? Well, it is on this point that you have

made a great mistake, like many others who have been placed in the same position as yourself. To work for reward is a good

principle in this life; it is an incentive to do those things that

in ordinary circumstances would be burdensome. But the reward which we receive at the hands of men is only superficial;

only lasts for a certain time. In this life, men receive their good

things, and 'they preach for hire, divine for money, and judge for reward,'and they stand at the streetcorners to be seen of men. Verily, they have their reward. The path of duty is the

path of safety, but sometimes the path is very hard and irksome.

We are surrounded by a 'cloud of witnesses'who take not of our labor of love."

"Yes,"said Sister Garratt; "I quite agree with what you

have said, but I seem not to have got much out of my efforts, and sometimes, going through the same routine every Sunday appears to me a mockery."

Elder Norton: "You say you seem to have got nothing out of

your efforts? Most probably this may be true regarding yourself, but have you considered your students? Have they received nothing by your efforts? Is it not possible that your

presence is an inspiration to them to do right? They are baptized members of the Church, and children of our heavenly

Father, and it is possible that there may be a future leader of the

Church in your class. Also your regularity in attending to your

duties as a teacher has given them confidence in your teachings, and as they grow older that confidence will become stronger until it grows and develops into a strong testimony of the Gospel of Christ and to those principles which they were taught in the Sabbath School class.

"The rewards of men are seen, but the reward that comes from God is sometimes unseen to us, here in the flesh. We

have to run the race with patience. The race is not to the swift

but to those who endure to the end. Here is the patience of

the Saints made manifest. We should not get impatient if we

do not see the immediate fruits of our efforts, for Paul may plant, Appollos may water, but it is God that gives the increase.

And now, Sister Garratt, take my advice; keep to your Sabbath

School class, and teach the children the plain truths of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, and in future years they will rise up and call you blessed. And if you are faithful, your reward will be

given you at the great assize: 'Well done, thou good and faithful servant * * * enter thou into the joy of thy Lord.'

Hull, England Latterday Saints Church in Minnesota

By Andrew Jenson, Assistant Church Historian

On my recent tour through the different missions in the

United States, in the interest of Church history, I visited among other places St. Paul, Minnesota where the Saints hold regular

Sunday school and meetings and have a pretty little frame church, or chapel, situated at No. 247 North Grotto St. The

chapel needed cleaning and repairs, and above all a new coat of paint. The brethren made several inquiries as to what the

work could be done for, and the price asked, based on the

The L. D. S. Church in St. Paul, Minn., No. 247 N. Grotto Street, taken

in May, 1921 after being painted and reroofed by the elders.

prevailing high wages, was almost prohibitive. So the missionaries held a little council meeting and discovered that one

of their number was a carpenter, another an experienced painter, and all accustomed to manual labor at home. Hence, laying aside

their ministerial Prince Alberts, they donned overalls and jumpers, and did the work themselves, and so well was the work done that it drew forth praise and admiration, not only from the Saints and their friends, but from the fraternity of mechanics also. One of the pictures shown represents five elders

at work painting and reshingling the Church in May, 1921.

Their names are Leander Theodore Thompson (President of the

L. D. S. CHURCH IN MINNESOTA 69

Minnesota conference), Leonard Rueckert, Darien Kartchner,

John Wallace Bond and Harmon M. Groesbeck. The other picture shows the chapel in its renovated condition.

Elders Leander Theodore Thompson, Leonard Rueckert, Darien Kartchener, John Wallace Bona\ and Harmon M. Groesbeck at work painting

and reshingling the L. D. S. chapel

in St. Paul, Minn., May, 1921.

Cigarettes and Opium

An English tobacco agent who has returned from China, tells with pride that the Chinese are giving up opium for cigarettes, saying: "Cigarettes are rapidly becoming moral uplifters in China!"The inference intended is that cigarette smoking is less harmful than opium smoking. Dr.

Charles B. Towns, the drug specialist, who spent much time in China

treating opium addicts, says: "The man who smokes opium moderately

suffers no more physical deterioration than the man who inhales tobacco moderately. The excessive smoker of cigarettes experiences the same

mental and physical disturbance, when deprived of them, that the opium smoker experiences when deprived of opium. The medical treatment

necessary to bring about a physiological change in order to destroy the craving is the same."

The fight against the cigarette is a fight for civilization. No agency

is more destructive of soul, mind and body, or more submersive of good morals, than the cigarette.

Disarmament and Peace

By James H. Anderson, Member of the General Board Y. M. M. I. A.

The socalled Disarmament Conference called at Washington for November 11, 1921, is a disarmament conference only to the extent of limiting national armaments within a scope that may be decided upon by international agreement.

A simple inquiry as to the popular idea of the aim of the conference would be: Does national disarmament or limitation

of armament mean world peace, or even an approach thereto?

A frequent and seemingly logical response is that men fought as fiercely with clubs and spears as they do with machine guns and gas bombs, that peace is more a question of man's disposition than of his weapons. With the United States, limitation of

armament is largely a matter of industry and finance. If there

are less battleships, munitions of war, fighting planes, and stupefying gases, there is less employment in such manufacture, and proportionately smaller burden upon the taxpayer who pays the bill.

Compared with most other nations, the United States is so situated geographically, politically, and numerically as to population and its character, that it has less need of a great military and naval establishment than has any other of the great nations. It is plain, therefore, that the United States is in a position better than any other of the great nations to urge limitation of armament to the fullest extent that is judicious—and

that, too, from the selfinterest of its people, whose defense from outward aggression is second to the prosperity within.

of Germany, however But there is France—ever suspicious

fearful of a RussoGermanthe latter may be humiliated—ever

Italy, whoseentente and its compelling force—ever dubious of

interests frequently are antagonistic to those of the French nation. France will not, can not, reduce landarmament; that is too

definite for discussion.

Not less so is the case of Great Britain respecting naval armament. Britain's navy is the bulwark of her national life,

greather only weapon of defense from external aggression—this

est of colonizing nations, with her every frontier on the sea, excepting only her American and Chinese borders, where peaceable peoples dwell. Britain must and will maintain a powerful

navy.

DISARMAMENT AND PEACE 71

Japan knows the situation with France and Great Britain to be as here stated. There is no sentiment about steelit—just cold fact. With her 78,000,000 population, in a smaller area

than that of several of the states in the American Union, Japan must expand or starve. The mainland of Asia is her only hope

of expansion, and her implements for that development are land, sea and air, war machinery, idle or active. The Jap does

not see where he can disarm and live.

The international situation therefore resolves itself to this:

Limitation of the newer and more expensive methods of warfare, viz.: the air service and the use of irritating gases and

powerful explosives. This possible restriction is upon the most

costly, dangerous and terrifying agencies yet produced—airplanes, gases and high explosives, yet these cover the most attractive field now known for experiment, investigation and invention. This class of armament may be checked by international agreement, just as the use of dumdum bullets was

made taboo; and the method of limitation is open to the conference. In this there is hope for a modification of warlike conditions which now prevail and which threaten the future, especially as to the United States; although the period of fruition

for that hope may not yet be told. This disarmament conference may fix a limit on new and costly armament, and declare

some fundamental principles which may be worked out in detail in further conferences. This work involves the stupendous

task of revising, and in many respects changing, the whole code of international law. Such a labor will occupy months, or even

years. It will require diplomatic skill, legal knowledge, patience, care and judgment of a superior order, and a sincere desire for human harmony. Nothing less will suffice.

As for Utah, this state is listed for an important part in the

Washington conference. Secretary of State Hughes has selected

J. Reuben Clark, of Utah, to assist the American State Department in the preparation of matters on the limitation of armaments and Far East problems from an international aspect, for

the conference; this deals with both fundamentals and details.*

* * * The selection of a Utah man for the responsible position gives to this state a special interest in the conference and its outcome; * * * and Utah's people are devoted to

real, genuine peace among men.

In this whole great problem, however, there is one dominant and almost controlling element. That is the human equation. The desire to quarrel seems more pointed and persistent

*Some years ago an extended sketch of Mr. Clark appeared in the Era.

He is about 50 years of age. His parents reside in Grantsville and his own

family in Salt Lake City.—Editors.

a

72 IMPROVEMENT ERA

among certain classes of the people in every nation now than it was immediately prior to the opening of the great war, in 1914.

The major portion of Europe is quarreling—eastern Europe and

western Asia are in actual warfare. India, China and northern

Africa are not exempt. Then the religious question comes in,

and now is almost rending the foremost European power—

nation whose language and literature is the same as our own, and from which we are not entirely disconnected.

It is unwise to close our eyes to certain interesting facts.

a great meet22, 1918—atThree and a half years ago—February

ing in Philadelphia, Cardinal Gibbons, chief representative of the Romish church in America, introduced and advocated in a powerful speech a resolution adopted there, demanding independence for Ireland. Of that occasion a present member of the

British cabinet declared, "It is the first gun openly fired by the

Roman Catholic church in a campaign for the dismemberment of Protestant Great Britain."The thought does not stop there.

In an announcement recently made by one of the most distinguished representatives of the Protestant Episcopal church, and published in the Englishspeaking press throughout the world on October 1, 1921, Dr. R. J. Campbell, vicar of Christ Church,

Westminster, London, made this public statement on a burning question: "Even the fullest concession of Sinn Fein demands by

the British government never will make Ireland a friend of

England. The Roman Catholic influence is too strong, and that

influence aims at destroying the influence of England as the greatest Protestant power in the world."This, in the circumstances, was almost an official utterance. It expresses the continued and abiding conviction of the major portion of the great

Anglican church membership in Great Britain and throughout intense religious conviction for which the world—a deep and

men and peoples will fight and die. The issue thus presented,

in connection with disturbed conditions hereinbefore named, is no harbinger of world peace, or even European harmony.

Yet we must not despair of achieving the good, if only step by step. Leading minds in every land are aiming for the desirable

outcome. The world's noblest elements are working for the time

when No strife shall rage, nor hostile feuds

Disturb those peaceful years;

To plowshares men shall beat their swords—

To pruning hooks their spears;

No longer host encountering host

Shall crowds of slain deplore;

They'll hang the trumpet in the hall,

And study war no more."

Thoughtful men and women everywhere are hoping and looking for world peace. At present they seem to be trying

DISARMAMENT AND PEACE 73

every method of attaining that end, except the only means that ever has made certain promise of success—conformity with the

teachings of Jesus of Nazareth, revealed on both of the world's great hemispheres, and now only superficially sought for, save by comparatively few. But the longing, reaching, for the better

day, must in each effort bear results in carrying us nearer to the goal, and though it may be through years of anxious effort and fiery trials, draw men to the sheltering wing of the Divine

Providence which has declared,

The rays that shine from Zion's hill

Shall lighten every land;

The King who reigns in Salem's towers

Shall all the world command.

If I Can

The gift of birth hath set me free!

If I can now employ at length The faculties God gave to me, The time, the talent, light and strength,

I shall not fail my ministry.

If I can turn the wheel of fortune fair

For nobler purpose than to gratify

The narrow self—hoard not to hold, but share

I shall not live in vain nor fear to die.

Success is sure if I can but keep free

From selfish fetters that enslave mankind,

From bands that curb the soul and will in me,

And dwarf the power of hand and heart and mind.

If I can make some other person smile,

Or breathe some hope unto his stricken soul,

Life's hour of acting then is worth the while,

I'd ask to play no nobler, higher role.

If I can only gain and cultivate

That simple grace which Paul called charity,

The grace which knows no bounds however great,

That is the noblest, rarest quality.

I shall not then judge nor disdain another;

The world shall be then one vast home to me,

Each soul a sister or a well loved brother,

Endeared by grace of human sympathy.

St. Charles, Idaho Lawrence J. Sorenson

The Utah AntiTobacco Law of 1920

By Fred L. W. Bennett

Habitual users of tobacco seem to think that smoking is natural to mankind like breathing, talking, eating, and that those persons who do not smoke are peculiar or abnormal; and

so when the latter voice their objections to the use of tobacco in their presence, they are denounced as fanatics and killjoys and accused of interfering with the rights of others. This was

brought out very forcibly during one of the public discussions on the antitobacco measure passed by the last legislature. The

author of the bill was criticised by a local business man because he had asked that smoking in barber shops be made unlawful.

I do not have a report of the discussion before me at the moment, but this is, in effect, what was said:

Business man: "Why should I not be allowed to enjoy a

smoke whilst waiting for a shave?"

Author of the Bill: "Whilst you are enjoying that smoke

it might be very offensive to me."

Business man, with an air of one who has won a great victory: "Then shave yourself at home!"

That is the attitude of most smokers; they seem quite incapable of understanding that tobacco was not known to civilized man until comparatively recent times, and that it is those

who use it who are peculiar and "different."I wish this could

be flashed in the face of every smoker when he lights his tobacco in the presence of a nonsmoker; he might hesitate before he did it again. It is not only that smoking is a modern

fad, as history goes; but it is one that was copied from a degraded, dirty, backward people who were not at all "smart"as

their imitators imagine themselves to be!

The use of tobacco has become a positive menace. There

are few who will not agree that it is responsible for hundreds and thousands of disastrous fires throughout the nation, in which human life, as well as property, is often lost, but there are a great many who do not realize its danger to health. We

are often told that a man has a right to hurt himself by using tobacco, if he likes, but I am not concerned here with the

I would have something to say on thissmoker's health—or

question, I am thinking of the nonsmoker who is often compelled to inhale tobacco fumes, hour after hour, and day after boys, tooday, with no chance of escape. Take the girls—and

who are running the elevators in our office buildings; they have

to breathe tobacco smoke from the time they get into their cars until it is time to go home. Many smokers will carry burning

THE UTAH ANTITOBACCO LAW 75

tobacco in their hands when they enter an elevator and refrain from putting it between their lips until they step out, but others will puff as hard as they would on a desert! I believe the

practice of smoking in elevators is more prevalent than it was a year ago, for one rarely steps into a crowded car now without seeing tobacco. The law passed by the last legislature forbids even the carrying of a lighted cigar, cigarette or pipe in

a public elevator.

Another section of the law in question seeks to prohibit the sale of cigarettes or cigarette papers in the state, and to many people this is the most important function of the recent act, because if it were obeyed, smoking among young people would be reduced to a minimum. Many opponents of the law have

contended that it is inconsistent to select one form of tobacco for prohibition and permit the other forms to be used. Others

have held that there is no logic in passing a law against the sale of a thing unless its use is to be prohibited, too. I will

grant that both of these objections are reasonable. It does

seem strange that a man should not be allowed to use tobacco in that form which suits him best, if he is to be permitted to use it at all, and it seems even more strange that tobacco in a certain form cannot be sold in the very place where it may be used without let or hindrance. Mr. Smoke*, Mr. Tobaccoit as wellTrade: we realize the situation and can see humor in

as you. But what is the alternative? Do you wish us to be

perfectly logical and insist that, in the first case, tobacco be stamped out, root and branch; and in the second, that the use

of cigarettes in Utah be forbidden as well as their sale?

If tobacco is to be kept from the growing boy and girl withit can be accomout abolishing its use altogether, the only way plished is by attacking the cigarette, and in any way that seem:,

expedient, for the cigarette is the door through which the tobacco habit is entered. I have heard people who profess to be

enemies of tobacco attack the cigarette law on the ground of inconsistency, but I cannot think such persons are really friends of the notobacco movement; they are too ready to play into

the hands of its opponents. One of the greatest objections ofit was befered by the opponents of the anticigarette law when

fore the legislature was that it could not be enforced. But why

should it not be possible to enforce such a law? I am aware that

the present act, except insofar as it relates to the advertising of cigarettes, is more or less a dead letter, but that is because the majority of those in whose hands the enforcement of law lies are opposed to or indifferent to this particular measure and wink at its violation. Let our police officers give this antitobacco

law the same careful consideration and attention that they give other laws, and no one will be able to sneer at it on the ground 76 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of lack of enforcement. But if they are determined to treat

it with contempt, men should be put in their places who will uphold the law. This will not be difficult of accomplishment

if our citizens who believe in the enforcement of such a law, and they are in the large majority, or the recent act would never have been passed in the face of such strenuous opposition their shoulder to thefrom the tobacco interests—would put

wheel. Some have said that the Salt Lake City Commission

has not passed a city ordinance conforming with the anticig- arette act, because certain of its members desire to be reelected and they are afraid to be thought on the side of this particular law! If our antitobacco friends in the city and state will stand

by their convictions during the coming elections and vote for only those candidates who are prepared to enforce the law regardless of their own personal prejudices, this state of affairs will quickly come to an end. It is up to the people, for we are

living under a democratic form of government, where the majority rule, and not under Caesars, Kaisers and Czars.

There is no excuse for the attitude of our city commissioners and those county authorities who have made no effort to enforce this measure of tobacco reform. They have sworn to

uphold the law, and if the enforcement of the one in question goes against their conscience (! ) they should resign. The whole

trouble seems to be, as was said at the beginning of this article, that the users of tobacco are convinced that all who do not smoke are "cranks,"and they are going to ignore any regulation for curtailing their "liberties"unless that regulation is pressed by the greatest determination on the part of the nonsmokers. But so long as the people of Utah, who are opposed

to the indiscriminate use of tobacco, allow petty politics and inertia to stand in the way of their duty to the youth of this state and their own rights as citizens and neglect to see that the right men are chosen to enforce the laws, the disgusting, nauseating habit of smoking in public elevators, dining rooms, and other enclosed places and the increasing use of cigarettes among the youth will not be checked. If the law is to be ignored, if those

who would be known as enemies of the tobacco habit cannot be aroused to action, let me appeal to the smokers to refrain from using tobacco in the public elevators of our city, at least. Let

them not do it out of respect for law, but out of consideration for the girls and boys who are forced to earn a living and who are compelled to stay in a stuffy little elevator car hour after hour from which the smoke cannot escape, whilst they themselves can go out into the fresh air at pleasure. If they are

aggrieved at the efforts of the notobacconists and the action of the last legislature, let them do it IN SPITE of the Law

Salt Lake City, Utah The October Conference

The Semiannual Conference of the Church, held on the 6th, 7th and 9th of October, was perhaps the best attended conference in the history of the Church. Notwithstanding the

scarcity of money and the general tieup of business which had prevailed, the people from all parts of the Church were in attendance, and the Tabernacle was practically filled, on Thursday and Friday, at all the meetings. Saturday was given up

to the missionary and other organizations for meetings, and that visitors might attend the State Fair, or transact such other business as they desired during their stay in the city. On Sunday not

only the Tabernacle was filled to its full capacity, every seat and every available space of standing room being occupied, but there were, besides, two overflow meetings, in the Assembly Hall and at the Bureau of Information. Many hundreds were unable to find room in either place, and therefore remained on the

grounds surrounding. A feeling of satisfaction and peace pervaded the large assemblies, and the Spirit of the Lord was richly

manifest in the sermons of the First Presidency and the leading authorities, presidents of stakes, mission presidents, and others who spoke. The opening sermon by President Heber J. Grant

abounded in excellent advice concerning financial, spiritual, and practical matters for the people, including faithpromoting incidents. His remarks in full will be presented to our readers, in

the December number of the Era. Other speeches made during

the conference will appear from time to time as apportunity offers.

A resolution was passed expressing the sentiments of the

Church relating to peace and the limitation of armaments which will be considered in the convention of the nations this month opening at Washington on Armistice Day. It reads as

follows "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, brought forth and established by the power of God and dedicated to the mission of preparing the way for the glorious coming of the Son of God to reign in the earth, in truth and righteousness and peace, beholds with deep interest every authoritative movement taken by the nations in the interest of world peace. "It is believed that the conference called in Washington to consider the limitation of armaments and questions concerning the Pacific, and nations 78 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the far East may, under the favor of heaven, promote this great objective.

"To the end that it may do so, the Latterday Saints, in general conference now assembled, approve the appointment of a Sabbath day before the 11th of November, 1921, on which in all the wards and stakes of Zion, and in all branches of the Church in the United States and in the missions throughout the world, the members of the Church, shall be called together, in their usual places of worship, to engage in special, and solemn prayer for Divine guidance of the international conference on the limitation of armaments, that the cause of peace may be thereby enhanced and an amelioration of the burdens of mankind secured."

Sunday, November 6, was adopted as the day on which special prayer shall be observed in the stakes and wards of the Church.

From the statistics presented, it appears that there were 1,798 missionaries in the field, and that the missionary work throughout the world is progressing rapidly. It was reported

that 65 per cent more baptisms had been made than during the previous year. The growth of the Church in the stakes of Zion

had been remarkable, and altogether the condition of the

Church is favorable in every respect. Some difficulty had been

experienced in matters financial owing to the economic readjustments following the war, and very earnest remarks were given by President Grant and others counseling the people to be thrifty and economical, to get out of debt and to support home industry. Very strong emphasis was placed upon this counsel, and generally there was a feeling among the leading authorities present, general and local, that the Saints will follow this excellent advice. The conference on the whole was successful

from every standpoint. Unity of feeling in the Presidency of

the Church was clearly demonstrated in the remarks and sermons of Presidents Heber J. Grant, Charles W. Penrose, and

Anthony W. Ivins, and was reflected in the earnest sermons given

by the nine members of the Council of the Twelve who were present, and the First seven Presidents of Seventy, as well as in the remarks of all the others who spoke. Of the Council of the

Twelve, Elder Orson F. Whitney was absent, presiding over the

European mission; Elder David O. McKay, making a world tour

of the missions, and Elder Reed Smoot was in Washington. The

Lord certainly made manifest his Holy Spirit at the ninetysecond Semiannual Conference, which marked an important milestone of progress in the "marvelous work and a wonder"which the Lord has established in the latter days, for the welfare and advantage of the people.

The 113th Anniversary of President John Taylor

During the life time of President John Taylor his family for many years were called together every year on the first day

EDITORS'TABLE 79

of November to celebrate his birthday. He was born November

1, 1808. Since his death the family have continued the happy

custom, and are celebrating this year as usual. The following

stirring sentiments from his writings have been selected to be presented before the family, on lantern slides, during the evening of the celebration. These sentiments, on friendship, freedom, prayer, purity, honor, honesty and economy, are of such

a character that they are valuable Churchwide, and beneficial to every man, woman and child who may read them

His motto was—"Money is of little importance where truth is concerned."

"If a thing is done well, no one will ask how long it took to do it, but, who did it?"

"I would rather have God for my friend than all other influences and powers outside."

"Never do an act that you would be ashamed of man knowing, for God sees us always, both day and night,, and if we expect to live and reign with him in eternity, we ought to do nothing that will disgrace us in time.

It is the crowns, the principalities, the powers, the thrones, the dominions, and the associations with the Gods that we are after, and we are here to prepare ourselves for these things—this is the main object of existence."

"I can get along very nicely with my old coat this winter,"he wrote:

"It is a little faded, but then I prefer a faded coat to a faded reputation;

and I do not propose to ask for accommodations that I am not prepared to meet.""I would rather trust in the living God than in any other power on earth. I learned (while on missions) that I could go to God and he always

relieved me. He always supplied my wants. I always had plenty to eat,

drink, and wear, and could ride on steamboats or railroads, or anywhere

I thought proper: God always opened my way, and so he will that of every

man who will put his trust in him."

"We should be strictly honest, one with another, and with all men; let

our word always be as good as our bond; avoid all ostentation of pride and

vanity; and be meek, lowly, and humble; be full of integrity and honor;

and deal justly and righteously with all men; and have the fear and love

of God continually before us, and seek for the comforting influence of the

Holy Ghost to dwell with us."

During his stay in Paris, he visited the Palace Vendome, and with a number of friends ascended Napoleon's Column 6i Victory. His companions scratched their names on the column, as thousands had done before

them. Seeing that Elder Taylor had not written his name, they asked

him to write it with theirs. "No,"he replied, "I will not write my name

there; but I will yet write it in living, imperishable characters!"

"I pray God the Eeternal Father that when we have all finished our probation here, we may be presented to the Lord without spot or blemish, as pure and honorable representatives of the Church and kingdom of God on the earth, and then inherit a celestial glory in the kingdom of our

God, and enjoy everlasting felicity with the pure and just in the realms of eternal day, through the merits and atonement of the Lord Jesus Christ, our

Savior and Redeemer, in worlds without end. Amen."

"The Prophet Joseph gave a special charge to me while living, as near as I can remember as follows: 'Brother Taylor, never arise in the morning

or retire at night, without dedicating yourself unto God and asking his blessings upon you through the day or night, as the case may be, and the 80 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Lord God will bear and answer your prayers; and don't let any circumstances prevent it.'I had been in the habit of doing so, for years before

this; but since that time I have not omitted, to my knowledge, the observance of this duty, morning or evening."

"I was not born a slave! I cannot, will not be a slave. I would not

be slave to God! I'd be his servant, friend, his son. I'd go at his behest;

but would not be his slave. I'd rather be extinct than be a slave. His

friend I feel I am, and he is mine:—a slave! The manacles would piercemy very bones—the clanking chains would grate upon my soul—a poor,

lost servile, crawling wretch to lick the dust and fawn and smile upon the to children, wives, lash! thething gave who my my Myself—perchance, * * * to straw!dig the the our brick, and furnish mud, own mould

But stop! I'm God's free man: I will not, cannot be a slave! Living, I'll

be free here, or free in life above—free with the Gods, for they are free;

and if I'm in the way on earth, I'll ask my God to take me to my friends above!"

The PalestiDe Weekly"

A striking evidence of the onward march of the Holy

Land, in the last few years, has just reached the Church Historian's office, in the form of a sample copy of a weekly newspaper, printed in the city of Jerusalem in the English language.

To anyone who visited that country before the advent of railroads, and noticed on every hand unmistakable signs of misgovernment, ignorance, fanaticism, poverty, and ruin, this representative of the press is indeed a welcome harbinger of a better day.

The name of the paper is The Palestine Weekly, and the copy received bears the date of September 9, 1921. Immediately

under the name the announcement is made that the publication is devoted to "News, Commerce, Literature, Sport and Archaeology."It has sixteen pages, printed in double columns. The

name of the editor does not appear.

Looking at the contents, "Notes of the Week"occupy the first place. Under this heading we are told that a committee

has been formed at Jaffa for sending relief to Russia, and that another committee will be appointed at Haifa; that the crop outlook in Palestine is below the average and that prices on cereals

are going up; also that a notable outlaw has been captured by

the police of Samaria, and that a Water Supply Committee has reported that the spring water supply of Jerusalem can be trebled at no great cost. It need not be said that that is an item

of tremendous importance to the people of this new Jerusalem.

Under the caption, "The Two Congresses,"the paper has an account of the proceedings of the panArab congress at

Geneva and the Zionist congress at Carlsbad, which is the first of the kin(J since the beginning of the war, and the twelfth in the

EDITORS'TABLE 81

history of modern Zionism. This article is followed by local

news from Transjordania, Saffed, Tiberias, Haifa, Jaffa,

Rechovoth, and Jerusalem. There are, further, an article on

"Wine growing in Palestine,"a "Letter to the Editor"from a gentleman who signs himself "Habbakuk,"and who urges measures for the sanitation and beautification of Jerusalem; and a

report on the "Economic Situation of Palestine at the Close of the Financial Year,"submitted to H. E. the High Commissioner,

by Mr. R. A. Harari, Director of the Department of Commerce

and Industry.

The paper is well patronized by advertising, which tells its own story about the industrial and financial forward stride of the country.

The paper was accompanied by the following letter:

"Jerusalem, September 11th, 1921, "Historian's Office, "Church Building, "Salt Lake City, Utah.

"Sir:—In response to a request from Mrs. Susa Young Gates we have

great pleasure in sending you a specimen copy of The Palestine Weekly.

The Palestine Weekly is the only English journal published in Palestine, and not only covers the news and opinion of this and neighboring countries but also reports the most important foreign news. We are sure you will find our

paper both useful and interesting, and trust to receive your support.

"Yours truly, "The Palestine Weekly."

The copy at hand is No. 34 of the second volume. The

yearly subscription price abroad is 1-5-8. This information will

answer many inquiries that have reached the Improvement Era.

Praying so that You may be Heard

A brother in one of the stakes of Zion writes the Era asking us to call attention to the frequent inability of the listener to hear people who are called upon to pray or to speak in our meetinghouses and assembly halls, ward and stake.

He says: "Two years ago we were in Salt Lake City and

were sitting in the third row from the front seat in the Tabernacle, and although we heard a pin drop from the far end of the building before the meeting, we were unable to hear the brother who was called upon to pray."

There is some virtue in the complaint that this correspondent makes concerning elders who are called upon to pray, administer the Sacrament, or speak in the religious assemblies of the Saints. Those who open and close meetings by prayer

should do so in a voice audible enough for all to hear. It is

very essential that this should be done; but, on the other hand,

82 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there are people who are unable to make their voices carry over large congregations in big meetinghouses. Particularly is this

the case in the great Tabernacle, in Salt Lake City. People

who are called upon there to pray are frequently from outlying districts, particularly during Conference time, and are not accustomed to the big building, and really do not know how much effort it takes to speak so that they may be heard. In smaller

houses throughout the Church there is not quite so much occasion for not being heard, but even there we have noticed that some speakers cannot carry their voices far enough to be heard over the hall. It is a matter of training, and the reason why they

cannot make themselves heard is that they have not been trained to speak clearly and distinctly. It would be a good idea for the

authorities in such places to call attention to the need of speaking up, so that all the congregation may hear what is being said, and so be able to join in the prayer or in the sermon at its close with a hearty "Amen."

\n Error Corrected

Students and teachers of the Junior Manual will notice in

Lesson 8 on "Courage,"in the 5th paragraph from the top, an unfortunate omission of certain lines in the printing. The 5th

paragraph should read: "Nathan C. Tenney had established a

ranch at Short Creek where he built a house, but in common with others had abandoned it and moved to Toquerville, about twentyfive miles distant."

The next paragraph should begin: "In December, 1866,

three horsemen rode out from Toquerville, their destination being the Short Creek ranch. They were fairly well mounted,"

etc.

Messages from the Missions

Wonderful Progress in the SwissGerman Mission

Perhaps a message from the mission in the land of the League of

Nations would be of interest to your readers. Since the great War began,

in the year 1914, very little has been heard directly from the missionary work in Switzerland and Germany, but we take pleasure in saying that the work of the Lord, even during the war, and especially since, has made great progress. At home, in Utah, we have very little idea of what students

of the gospel, and how faithful the members of the Church, are in this great mission field on the Continent of Europe. Our branches cover a

territory stretching from Russia to France, we have a conference with several thriving branches in Austria, seven conferences with 65 branches in Germany, three conferences in Switzerland with 16 branches, and a

EDITORS'TABLE 83

conference with three branches in the French speaking part of Switzerland.

We have 115 missionaries, only 15 of whom are Americans the rest being called from these lands themselves to fill two and three years missions.

This force is augmented by branch presidents, conference presidents, and other officers until we have now, for the first time since all the missionaries were called out at the beginning of the war, a fully organized mission with conferences and branches. I am enclosing herewith a picture of the missionaries who attended the Berlin conference on 28th and 29th August, 1921,

which will give some idea of the class of men in this work and the magnitude of the same. In the first row, with President S. F.. Ballif and President Whitney, sit the conference presidents as follows: Alfons Finck, Hamburg, Ernest Hornickel, Chemnitz, Hermann Gozinski, Berlin, Egon Glaus,

Konigsberg, Willy Wegener, Hannover, Alfred Niederhauser, Vienna, Josef

Duran, Dresden, and Reinhold Stoff, Frankfurt A. M. The other four

rows consist of the following:

Bruno Drohmer, Ludwig Hierbock, Julius Sachs, Max Stange, Herman

Rodorff, Friedrich Korschning, Fritz Scharffs, Arthur Tuchel, Benno Siebach, Albert Wiechert, Friedrich Fischer, Bruno Dinse, Andreas Rosskopf,

Otto Wiechert,, Arthur Hiller, H. Steffian, Jr., Karl Hofmann, Kurt Otto

Mathes, Erich Waldhaus, Martin Huber, Karl Weiss, Will Doring, Heinrich

Sinsel, Fr. Kuffner, Alma J. Schindler, Wilhelm Pobanz, Wilhelm Linde,

August Zastrow, Phillip Schmidt, George Marquard, Richard Schutze, Gottlieb Rugner, Fritz Farber, Erich Holstein, Max Horold, William Ludwig,

Friedrich Szibalski, Kirt Hahle, Joseph Littke, Kurt Bottner, Phillip Tron,

Friedrick Nickel, Emil Geist, Otto Hunger, Johannes Carstens, Hans

Smyczek, Karl Klug, Alfred Dzierson, Jacob Uibel, Otto Drews, Erich Reich,

Hermann Ruf, Max Nabrotski, Richard Barth, Gustav Wittorf, Friedrich

Baumgart, B. Maier, R. Eisenreich, F. Romeike Ernst Will, J. Hilgendorff,

J. Stook, K. Schleich, F. Wernick, E. Georgi, K. Tschaggeny, E. Leuk, Fritz

Huber. The following are Americans: William Korth, Fred. Korth,

Hartwig Ruckert, W. U. Fuhriman J. H. Zenger, Conrad Dietz, Howard

Stoddard, Ludwig Gleich, David Hirschi, F. V. Niederhausern.

With this force of missionaries a splendid work is being accomplished but in this field there is room for almost ten times as many more. Much

of the credit for the success of the work in the mission rests with the mem84 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bers themselves, who fully sense the responsibility of explaining the gospel to their neighbors and thereby help forward the work of the Lord.

The Mission has done a great deal in the way of dispensing funds and food and clothng to famine and war sufferers and at the present time we have a dozen or more undernourished children in Switzerland from

Germany and Austria to recuperate. It can be affirmed that the distress

is still very acute in these countries, and will become more so during the coming winter and all help from the United States will be greatly appreciated both by the missionaries and the people in general. In fact one

of our main occupations in the mission office is to disburse funds for the sufferers. As an example of the faith of these stricken little members of

the Church the following will give some idea:

During this summer we had a case of a little boy from Bremen, Germany, who came to Switzerland to get well. He remained here a few

weeks, but his case was so hopeless that it was decided to send him back to his parents, as tuberculosis had already taken a fatal hold on his frail undernourished body. This little boy (of "Mormon"parents) three days

before he died, when he was passing through the Mission office insisted on paying his tithing from money that the members of the Church had given him to help him on his way home. This is an example of the faithfulness of our members here, notwithstanding the suffering they must

endure.

It would surprise some of the people in Utah perhaps to know that in this Mission we have 87 branches, and in many of the larger centers, like

Berlin, Hamburg, Dresden, Breslau, and Chemnitz the attendance was so good that it was found necessary to divide the branches into two and three, and in Berlin four. We have three system of money to handle, Swiss,

French, German Marks, and Austrian Kronen. We have branches in French

speaking parts, branches in Switzerland proper, in Germany and Austria, and scattered Saints in Hungary, Czechoslovakia, France, etc. In fact, we

find this mission a likeness of the League of Nations, which a party of us had an opportunity to visit recently. When President Ballif makes

a trip over even a part of the mission, we bid him goodby for a month or two, and he can go from one city to another and hold conferences and meetings every night.

Recently on the trip of President Orson F. Whitney and party they

started in at Lausanne, Switzerland, and held meetings all through this land and in the larger cities of Germany, and from there to Rotterdam. In

Zurich, Switzerland, there were approximately 500 present twice daily, in

Hamburg 450 and in Berlin 1,100.

Conditions are still in somewhat of a turmoil on the Continent of

Europe with the possibility of small wars breaking out almost at any time.

One of our missionaries just writes that he was compelled to vacate his room in an armory, as it was needed to house soldiers being mobilized by Austria against Hungary. So it goes, the wars will probably continue

indefinitely, but on the other hand, there is undoubtedly a religious awakening, and the way seems to be prepared by the wars for the reception of the gospel. O. K. Winters, Mission Secretary, Basel, Schweiz, September

20, 1921.

Twentythree Baptisms in Newcastle Conference

The missionary work is progressing very favorably in the Newcastle conference. We have already had twentythree baptisms this year, and

have several more who are getting ready for the near future. This is

mostly due to the increase in help, as when I came to this conference a year ago I found President David E. Randall working alone and we now

EDITORS'TABLE 85

have ten elders. They are: James T. Palmer, Morgan, John Black, Montpelier, Robert E. Finch, Goshen, Charles W. Speierman, Logan, Ralph S.

Gray, Salt Lake City, Thomas V. Phillips Springville, William E. White,

Beaver, Russell B. Hodgson, Salt Lake City, Ezra T. Benson, Whitney, Idaho,

and myself, Provo. We are taking up systematic tracfing, going over the

territory two and three times, as this is the best form of missionary work we can do, and we feel that it is a successful means of preaching the gospel for a witness of the Savior by telling them of the restoration of the gospel. We now have eight progressive branches in this conference whose

Saints have been tested during the war, when thy suffered much persecution and many discouragements, but they have had a strong testimony and their spirits have answered true to their conscience thus enabling them to stand.

We all enjoy reading the Era and look forward with pleasant anticipation to each number to get the news from home, the spiritual treats, and a lesson in the practical problems of life. We also make good use of it by

passing it on to our investigators, and are recommending it as being a magazine of extra value. Donald C. Crowther, Conference President.

Sunday School in Nottingham—Death of Mary E. Hayes

James L. Graham reports a successful Sunday School in the Nottingham conference, England, in the Eastwood branch. This school held

an annual party on Pioneer Day, 1921. Eastwood is a small mining town

about eleven miles from the city of Nottingham. The Church branch has

outgrown the room they occupy—its seating capacity being about forty,

whereas they often have to accommodate from seventy to eighty people.

All the officers and teachers are very earnest, faithful and progressive workers. Something like half of the members of the school are children

of investigators. The branch president is William H. Mullinger; Sunday

School superintendent, George William Hart; with Joseph Allen and George

William Thompson as second and first counselors to the Presidency.

Elder Graham also calls attention to the death of May Elizabeth Hayes, on July 12, 1921, the beloved wife of First Counselor Harry Hayes, of the

Hucknall branch. She was a faithful member of the Church for thirtyfour years, and was First Counselor in the Relief Society where she performed valuable work. She lived a consistent life,was a loyal wife, an exemplary mother, and a true friend to all in need. At the funeral there was

a large attendance of sympathizing relatives, Saints and friends present.

President Samuel Pears and Annie E. Noble, gave talks, and Elder E.

Brough delivered an impressive address at the grave, which was dedicated by Elder Abraham Noble.

Died in the Mission Field

The First Presidency received word from the Southern States Mission, Atlanta, Georgia, on the 11th of October, of the death of J. Ralph

Watt of Tremonton, Utah, a missionary of the Southern states, who left for his mission January 14, 1920. He died on the night of the DOth at

Lamison, Alabama,, the cause of his death being pneumonia. His body was

embalmed and sent home in the care of a companion. Elder Watt is the

son of Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Watt, and was born August 24, 1899 at Layton,

Utah. President C. A. Callis of the Southern States Mission, was in Salt

Lake City when the word was received, and stated that the missionary was in excellent health when President Callis left for Conference, in Salt Lake

City. Elder Silver accompanied the body home. Elder Watt was buried,

at Layton, Oct. 18.

Priesthood Course of Study for 1922

At a recent meeting of the Priesthood Committee the following books were adpoted as a study course for 1922:

For the Melchizedek Priesthood and priests of the Church: Essentials

in Church History, a book of some six or seven hundred pages by Joseph

Fielding Smith, containing a history and doctrines of the Church. The

price of the book will be as near as can now be stated, $1.50.

For the teachers: The Life of Christ, a pamphlet which, as near as

can now be stated, will cost 25c.

For the deacons: Duty Stories from the Book of Mormon, a text that

will cost, as near as can now be stated, 25c per copy.

These books are all slated to be ready by the first of January so that they can be used at the beginning of the priesthood year. Orders for the

Melchizedek Priesthood text books should be sent to the Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City, Utah; and for the teachers and deacons, to the Improvement Era.

Standard of Action for the Lesser Priesthood

II A noted speaker recently discoursed on the great power of love. He

was speaking upon the auxiliary organization slogan for the present year, "We stand for loyal citizenship*"and called attention to the fact that if we only love, loyalty will follow of itself. In speaking of love, he stated

that all that he had loved in life he had loved because he could not help it. This latter part expresses much truth, because love, like faith, is a

gift of God; but nevertheless, we can help ourselves to love through a sincere cultivation of those elements of which it consists, and so make our

own lives and the lives of our friends happier.

Calling attention again to the splendid analysis of love by Paul the

Apostle, in First Corinthians 13, let us here consider two out of the nine of its elements as there presented. It is possible to cultivate these so that

we may learn to love any worthy object, especially God and our fellow men. It is a fact that by becoming familiar with men, we learn to love

them, particularly if we apply the elements of love in our association with them, and try to "Think and act a loving thought each day."

Two of these elements are patience and kindness.

Patience is shown in a person who is considerate of playmates, friends, parents, brothers, sisters, who is calm, uncomplaining, veady to serve, and in every action is cheerful, goodnatured quiet, lenient, forbearing, and watchful. This element of love enables one to control oneself, to suffer

long; it makes one willing and powerful to quietly wait for what is expected, and to endure with fortitude wrongs or misfortunes; in short, it

beareth, hopeth and believeth all things; for it understands and therefore

waits.

Kindness is active love. The Master spent much of his time while

upon this earth in doing acts of kindness, making people happy; and doing

good turns wherever he went. The Lord has likewise put into our power

the ability to make people about us happy, through being kind to family, friends, neighbors, communities, states, and nations. Try to adopt patience and kindness in all your dealings with people, and see how abundantly love will develop in your own soul. It is not difficult to do; the act

is rewarded immediately, and the world needs love, O so much! A.

Committee Work for November Finance and Publications:—Three leading points for the committee: (1) The improvement fund. This should be raised during November—

25c for each enrolled member for last year; ten life memberships in the

stake at $5 each.

(2) Improvement Era. Finish the canvass for the Era, giving every

family in the ward an opportunity to subscribe. Make an earnest business of

the canvass.

(3) The Hand Book. Place a copy of the Hand Book in the hands of

everySecretaries:—Seepresident of an thatassociation.the stake and ward efficiency reports are properly

made up, sent to the stake secretary from the wards, and from the stake secretary to the general secretary at headquarters—the latter no later than

the 10th of November. See that the first report is complete. If nothing

has been done in any ward, let it be so stated.

Membership and Organization:—Let the chairman see that all class

leaders are provided with members to the limit,, and that, having been enlisted they are entertained and instructed in the classes. The chairman

should be as much interested in one class as in another, but particularly in the Senior. Get the boys.

Junior Department:—There should be a Scout troop in good working

order, every member taking part also in class work during the allotted time. The scout master should be class teacher also. The Manual lessons

must be given.

Special Activities:—Are arrangements made for the monthly doings for

November? It is a fitting and rousing entertainment for our fathers and

mothers.

Advanced Senior Department:—Have you a large joint class of interested members? If not, why?

The Senior Class Visits a Noted Scientist and Astronomer

Elder Jack Coburn, President of the Mutual Improvement Association of the Auckland conference, Australia, writes under date of August 13: "We

are taking the regular prescribed course, namely, Joseph Smith as Scientist, and we are always on the lookout for things along scientific lines. Through

the courtesy of Elder F. W. Schwendeman, the mission secretary and our

class leader, an arrangement was made on the 10th inst., for the Senior

Mutual class to visit Mr. Clement Wragge, F. R. G. S., etc., who is a wellknown scientist and astronomer his headquarters being the Clement Wragge

Observatory and Institute at Birkenhead. It may be mentioned to show

that we received our lecture from a thoroughly competent man that Dr.

Wragge has held some very responsible positions. He is a gold medalist of

the Ben Levis Observatory, Scotland; director of the late government

central weather bureau, Brisbane Australia; honorary member of the North

Staffordshire Naturalists'Field Club; founder of the Wragge Museum,

Stafford, England; and honorary correspondent of the Institute Solar

International, of Monte Video, etc. Nineteen of us assembled at the Ferry

88 IMPROVEMENT ERA

building, in the evening, and embarked on the Ferry steamer for an upharbor trip of six miles to Birkenhead, on the beautiful and sparkling waters of the harbor. On arrival we were met by Mr. Wragge, who conducted us to the Observatory where his powerful telewcope was situated.

After the telescope was focused we observed the moon; and, on viewing the

northern portion, we could clearly see two large craters which were named

Aristotle and Udoxus, and a large sea bed named the Sea of Serenity, It was explained that a sea had once existed on the moon but had evaporated ages ago. On the southern portion were several craters, the principal one

being Clavius; next we saw Alpha Centauri, the next nearest sun to the

earth. This sun is at least six times as large in diameter as our sun. The

whole planetary system was explained. We then adjourned to the Institute and heard a scientific lecture by Mr. Wragge, who said that true

science and true religion are one; both inculcate, on scientific principles,

the doctrine of loyalty, duty, and love to all mankind. Mr. Wragge, it

may be stated knew President Brigham Young, as he had been entertained by him in Salt Lake City. He had also been presented with a copy of

Joseph Smith as Scientist and was surprised at the scientific truths it contained, and the fact that they had been put forward so long ago. Ether,

God's control of the universe, how the heavenly bodies are controlled, and other items pertaining to the Manual were discussed. Most of the scientific

thoughts that he advanced were entirely in accordance with the teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith and were a testimony to us all. Elders present

from Zion were: F. W. Schwendeman, H. D. Hall, W. L. Castleton, A. M.

McFarland, G. C. Young, R. Layne, F. S. Merrill, and Sister Miriam Taylor.

"Upon returning from our little experience we felt a greater desire to enter into our duties with more energy, knowing that we indeed had the truth in our Church. The Mutual in our Conference is growing and prospering, and all join in praying that the blessings of the Lord will be upon

all the like organizations in Zion, and upon the Era which we all look forward to receiving through the mission office."

A Live Ward in Bingham Stake We learn from Stake Secretary Sylvan Olsen, Idaho Falls, that the

Dehlin ward, of the Bingham stake, has made a splendid record, due largely to the wonderful spirit shown by N. T. Winthers President of the ward

Y. M. M. I. A. The Stake Secretary forwarded $9.25 to cover the fund of

Dehlin for 192122, the first ward in the stake to pay the fund for this season. Dehlin is a little farming district, back in the hills east of Idaho

Falls, and has a population of 131 persons. Last year it had an enrollment

in the Y. M. M. I. A. of 28 per cent of its ward membership, and 98 per

cent of the young men of mutual age. It had the highest percentage of Era

subscriptions of any of the wards in Bingham stake (10 per cent). It also

had an average attendance of 94 at their mutual meetings last season. We

congratulate the ward officers upon their achievement, and the stake officers upon having such a live organization.

Important for Junior (Scout) Class Leaders

It is a requirement of the General Board that, while a Scout organization is required in each ward in the Junior department, it is also demanded that the scout leader shall be a good Latterday Saint and capable of teaching the Junior manuaL as well as the scout work. The lessons

in the manual must not be neglected, and the spirit of the Church should underlie every teaching given, both in the lessons and in the scout work.

Ethics are good, but religion is better.

Ninety4wo certificates were issued to Utah teachers by the state board of education, October 5.

Major General Wood retired from the army service, October 5, to become governor of the Philippines.

Invitations to attend the armament limitation conference in Washington,

Nov. 11, have been extended to Belgium, Holland and Portugal.

Last of the pioneers of July 24, 1847, Lorenzo Sobieski Young, now of

Shelley, Idaho, visited Salt Lake during the October conference.

Free transit for American coastwise vessels through the Panama canal is provided for in the Borah bill passed by the U. S. Senata,, October 10.

The peace treaty with Germany was ratified by the German reichstag,

September 30 without debate. It was endorsed by the reichsrath October 7.

A new lighting system on State street, Salt Lake City, was inaugurated

October 5. It is estimated that 30,000 persons were on the streets when

Mayor Neslen turned on the lights.

President Obregon, of Mexico, returned to the Latterday Saints Church members the land that was confiscated during the revolutions, according to a dispatch from El Paso, Texas, October 8.

Former king of Wuertemberg, William II., died at Stuttgart, October 2.

He was born February 25, 1848; ascended the throne October 6, 1891;

abdicated in 1918, as a result of the world war.

The fortythird annual state fair of Utah opened October 3, at the fair grounds, Salt Lake City. Utah's manifold resources were well displayed. The

weather was ideal, and the attendance was very large.

Mexico's independence was celebrated September 16, in the City of

Mexico with parades and other festivities. It was the one hundredth anniversary of the proclamation of freedom from Spanish rule.

High prices are maintained through illegal combination between manufacturers and retailers, and not entirely by the demands of labor. That was

the charge made by Senator Wm. King, of Utah, in an address in the

Senate, October 3.

The oldest living Confederate soldier, Joseph Samuel Langford, celebrated the 102nd anniversary of his birth, at Petersburg, Va., October 5.

He has fifteen grandchildren and fortyfive great grandchildren, and he still goes about unaided.

Work for the unemployed is the present need, according to an official appeal issued by President Harding, in which he urges governors and mayors to form the organizations and take other steps recommended by the conference on unemployment.

William Howard Taft, former president of the United States, and now chief justice of the Supreme Court, took the oath of office, October 3 90 IMPROVEMENT ERA

when the court convened for the fall term. The oath was administered by

Justice Joseph McKenna.

Over a century old. That was the age of Mrs. Rachel McGee who

died September 19, at Anna, 111., in her 104th year, according to word received by her daughter, Mrs. Elizabeth Sherwood, of Salt Lake City. Mro.

McGee was the mother of 16 children.

The cost of government of Salt Lake City for the year ending December 1, 1920, was $6,706,077, or $56.23 per capita. In 1917 the per

capita cost was only $32.90. The total revenue in 1920 was $5,107,082, or

over a million and a half less than the total expenditure.

Summer resort for girls. The Y. L. M. I. A. general board members

went to Brighton in Cottonwood canyon October 5, to inspect the beginnings of the summer resort for girls being erected by the city stakes Y. L. M. I. A.,

organization. The logs of the building have been put in place on the

property leased from the government.

A new corporation of bankers of Salt Lake City, Ogdtn, and other Utah and Idaho cities, has been formed under the name of the Bankers'Loan

Company, for the purpose of extending credit to farmers, stock raisers, etc.,

and thereby encouraging those industries. The company has a capital of

$1,000,000 and was ready to begin operations on October 6.

Revolution in Russia against the Bolshevist government was reported in a dispatch from Warsaw to the London Daily Mail, published September 12. Bolshevik commisars were being constantly murdered, the dispatch declared, and the soviet authorities were fighting the insurrection by all possible means there being a number of mass executions reported.

Lucius A. Snow, a son of the late President Lorenzo Snow, and his

wife, Harriet Squires Snow, died at his home, Brigham City, Utah, October 3. He was born in Salt Lake City December 11, 1849. He has lived in

Brigham City since 1853. He held several important offices in the Church,

at various times. At the time of his death he was a member of the high

council of Box Elder stake.

Orvil L. Thompson, president of Millard stake, died October 2, at his

home in Scipio, Millard Co., Utah, of heart trouble. Elder Thompson was

the bishop of Scipio ward before being made president of Millard stake.

When Millard stake was divided into the Millard and Deseret stakes, he was first counselor to the presidency, and after the division was sustained as president of Millard stake. He filled a mission to Great Britain about

thirty years ago and represented Millard county in the Utah legislature for four successive terms.

Registration at the B. Y. University, Provo, September 12, showed an

increase of 206 per cent of the first day's registration in 1920. The students

represent most of the counties of the state and many parts of Idaho, Wyoming, Montana, Arizona, and New Mexico. There are also students from

Old Mexico and Canada. The opening exhibition of art in the art gallery

at the Brigham Young University is said to be a very fine collection of masterpiece reproductions. Many of the world's greatest artists are represented by very excellent reproductions.

The death of Hans Andreas Pedersen, of Logan, a leading business man of that city, occurred October 6. The cause was pneumonia. Mr. Pedersen was a native of Norway. He came to the United States when 18

years of age, and has been very prominent both in political and ecclesiastical activities. At the time of his death he was a member of the presidency of

the Logan stake of the Church. In 1906-7 he was a member of the Utah

PASSING EVENTS 91

legislature, and for twelve years he was a judge of the juvenile court. He

was 59 years of age. He filled a mission to Norway in the early 90s.

A Buddhist priest, M. Arai, paid his compliments to President Heber

J. Grant, September 17, when passing through Salt Lake City, on his way

to Washington from Japan. M. Arai is the head of the Soto sect of Buddhists,

which is said to number between seven and eight million worshipers. The

gentleman was accompanied by about six attendants, all priests of the Soto sect, on a tour of the United States for the purpose of studying American customs and ideals. He had a appointment with President Harding, it was

said, to converse on Buddhism and exchange ideas on world peace and the limitation of armament.

The Ninetysecond semiannual general conference of the Church con vened in Salt Lake October 6, and adjourned the following Sunday.

The visitors were favored with clear, sunny weather, and the attendance was very large. The duty of the Saints to practice thrift, keep out of debt,

and patronize home industries was dwelt upon by President Heber J.

Grant in his stirring opening address, as well as by Presidents Charles W.

Penrose, Anthony W. Ivins, and other speakers. A resolution was adopted

endorsing the aims of President Harding's international Pacific congress in

Washington, and setting apart Sunday, November 6, as a day of prayer for the success of that gathering.

An International Court of Justice was elected September 14, by the council and assembly of the League of Nations at Geneva, Switzerland. It

consists of eleven judges, viz.: John Bassett Moore, United States; Viscount Finlay, Great Britain; Dr. Y. Oda, Japan; Dr. Andre Weiss, France;

Commendatore D. Anzilotti, Italy; Dr. Ruy Barbosa, Brazil; Dr. B. T. C.

Loder, Holland; A. S. de Bustamente, Cuba; Judge Didrik Nyholm, Denmark; Dr. Max Huber, Switzerland, and Dr. Rafael Altamira Y. Crevea,

Spain. Mr. Moore has been professor of internatonal law and diplomacy at

Columbia university for twenty years and has had a varied public service, involving international relations.

Iron ore in Utah will be made valuable to the state. A contract was

signed, September 27, with the Milner corporation, by which the Utah Steel corporation is assured of a supply of as much as 10,000,000 tons of the finest iron ore for use in the blast furnace and additional iron and steel manufacturing facilities the company plans to erect at its plant at Midvale. The

Miller corporation owns vast deposits of iron ore in southern Utah which can be mined with steam shovel at a cost estimated not to exceed fifty cents a ton. It is estimated that the production of 1,000,000 tons of steel

in the twelfth federal reserve district would mean the addition to the banking funds of the district of about $400,000,000 annually.

A national conference on unemployement was opened at Washington,

Seoptember 26, by President Harding. In his address to the delegates

the president declared that the industrial depression was "a war inheritance,"adding that the results hoped for from the conference might extend beyond the United States. Both the president and Secretary Hoover, chairman,

emphasized the need for an employment program which would not contemplate a drain on the national treasury. After the conference had been

organized adjournment was taken till October 5. The subcommittee on unemployment statistics on September 29 reported that the number of unemployed in the United States is not less than 3,700,000 and not more than

4,000,000, and that agricultural workers are not included in this estimate.

Reorganization of the presidency of the North Weber stake was effected at the conference, September 11. Elder John V. Bluth was sustained as

92 IMPROVEMENT ERA

president of the stake, to succeed President James Wotherspoon. Francis

W. Stratford and Thomas M. Irvine, were sustained as his counselors. The

reorganization of the stake presidency was effected under the direction of

President Rudger Clawson, who together with Elder Melvin J. Ballard

were speakers at the conference sessions. David W. Evans was retained

as stake clerk. President Bluth has been first counselor to President

Wotherspoon since the stake was organized 13 years ago. President "Wotherspoon was honorably released to take over the duties of secretary of the

European mission. He left for his new duties on September 20.

The world's altitude record was attained, September 28, by Lieutenant

John A. Macready, at McCook field, Dayton, Ohio, when he ascended to a

height of 40,800 feet in a biplane. The greatest height reached before this

was 38,180 feet, the record of Rudolph C. Schroeder, February 28, 1920.

Lieutenant Macready was in the air one hour and fortyseven minutes, requiring all but a few minutes of the total flying time to reach his mark. At

39,000 feet ice formed on his oxygen tank. At 40,800 feet his engine died.

He then glided safely down. Macready suffered none of the hardships

met by the former chief test pilot. Schroeder's eyeballs froze, and excessive

dilation of the heart kept him in a hospital nearly two weeks. Macready,

on landing, suffered from numbness, but he climbed out of the plane unassisted.

The death of Professor James L. Brown, of the Brigham Young University, Provo, occurred at his home in that city, September 13, as a result

of an accident which happened to him on the 12th while getting on a hayrack. Professor Brown fell under the wagon as the horses started. The hind

wheel went over his chest, breaking five ribs on the left side and puncturing one lung. He was born in Pleasant Grove about 60 years ago, being

the son of Bishop John Brown, one of the earliest settlers in that community. After graduating from the Brigham Young Academy in 1884 he was

a teacher and principal of the Pleasant Grove schools until 1892, when he entered the University of Michigan. Graduating from that institution in

1896, he became a member of the B. Y. U. faculty with which he has been

connected ever since.

The Irish conference did not materialize as planned. It was to be held

at Inverness, September 20, but on September 15 Lloyd George, in a letter to de Valera canceled the invitation, because the Sinn Fein delegates, in accepting it, declared that they could meet the members of the British cabinet, only as the representatives of an independent, sovereign Ireland. After

de Valera had explained that the Irish representatives did not insist on the acceptance by the British government of any conditions previous to the conference, except a free discussion of the existing situation, Lloyd George,

September 29 issued another invitation to a conference, this time to be held in London, October 11. The British premier reiterated the statements formerly made that separation of Ireland from the empire is not to be considered, but he says, the meeting is called "with a view to ascertaining how

the association of Ireland with the community of nations known as the

British empire may be best reconciled with Irish national aspirations."De

Valera accepted the invitation, on September 30.

Earthquake shocks were reported, September 29, from Richfield, Elsinore, and Monroe, Sevier Co., Utah, beginning at 7:15 a. m., and continuing for half an hour. At Elsinore the property loss was estimated at more

than $100,000. Three residences and the new school house were wrecked.

At Richfield buildings on Main street were slightly damaged. At Monroe

several chimneys collapsed, and many residences were violently shaken.

Unusual disturbances were noticed southeast of Monroe. Clouds of dust

PASSING EVENTS 93

arose high above the mountains, and in Monroe canyon sections of cliffs were shaken loose and could be seen tumbling down. The cliffs near the

thermal springs were sundered and great masses of rock were plunged to the bottom. Earthquake shocks were also reported from Los Angeles,

Cal. An earthquake shock was reported from Richfield on September 12,

when windows rattled and doors creaked, but no damage was done. Another shock was felt at Elsinore on September 30, at 8 a. m., when several

buildings were wrecked, or damaged. The Theodore Christensen home was

badly wrecked. At Monroe the hot springs sent forth water that was

almost blood red. The cliffs on the south side of the canyon were shattered

and heavy boulders bounded down the steep sides.

Scenic wonders of Utah were enjoyed by President and Mrs. Heber

J. Grant who returned September 14, from a two weeks'trip to the southern

part of the state. The president was enthusiastic over the scenic wonders

he saw and declared that although he has visited Zion's canyon four times, to him it looked better than ever on this trip. The view from Hurricane

hill overlooking the Pine Valley mountains, in variety of color and scene, has not been equalled, in his opinion, in any of his travels about the world and Bryce's canyon is absolutely unique, he declared, among world wonders. President Grant and party accompanied Union Pacific railroad

officials on a tour to the rim of the Grand canyon and Utah scenic wonders.

While away the president's party attended many Church gatherings. Elder

George Albert Smith, who also made the trip, parted with the president's party at Kanab, 5,oing on to St. George. President A. W. Ivins, with Mr.

and Mrs. Vincent Cardon of Cedar, and Miss Fulvia Ivins, left the main

party at Panguitch, going on to Cedar where Mr. Cardon has charge of the

branch Agricultural college, and also to St. George, where President Ivins

and Miss Ivins attended the conference. A most successful auxiliary

group convention was held at Kanab, according to President Grant, September 11, with the general boards of all auxiliaries of the Church represented and the largest attendance in the history of the stake present. Sunday

night a special meeting was held, in addition to the convention at which

President Grant, President Ivins and Elder Smith were the speakers.

The Modern Star of Hope that leads to health and happiness. Like the Star of Old that

led the wise men of the East unto the birthplace of Him who promised life eternal, there comes a new Star of Hope—The Tuberculosis

Christmas Seal—to lead mankind to the birthplace of Knowledge, with its promise of life

temporal.

When the Star of Bethlehem made its appearance to the shepherds, nearly two thousand years ago, a celestial choir sang, "Unto

Thee a Savior is Born."

When the modern Star of Promise appears, a mighty terrestrial choir raises its voice in gladsome carol, "Unto Thee New Hope of Health is

Born."The Christ to whom the Star of Old led the wise men, said unto them:

"Believe and follow Me and I will lead you unto life everlasting."

The Knowledge to which the new Star of Hope, the Christmas Seal, will lead all wise men and women, says unto them: "Believe and follow

me and I will lead you along the paths of right living unto the haven of perfect health."

This modern Star of Promise under the guidance of the Utah Public

Health Association will make its appearance in Utah on Thanksgiving day 94 IMPROVEMENT ERA

and will shine in first magnitude until Christmas Eve. In the measure that

it is received by the people of the state will it leave behind the knowledge and good works that lead to health and happiness. U. P. H. Association.

Changes in Ward and Stake Officers, September, 1921.—New Stake

Presidents. Uintah stake, Wallace Calder succeeded Don B. Colton, address

Vernal, Utah. Young stake, Elmer F. Taylor succeeded Hyrum M. Taylor,

First Counselor to stake president, address Kirtland, N. M. North Weber

stake, John V. Bluth succeeded James Wotherspoon, and Francis W. Stratford appointed First Counselor. Oneida stake, Parley M. Condie, first counselor to stake president, and Hyrum D. Jensen, second counselor. New

Wards and Bishops. Topence ward, Idaho stake, Benjamin D. Jensen

Bishop. Escalante south ward, Garfield stake, Milton Twitchell, Bishop,

address Escalante, Utah. New Bishops, etc. Escalante North ward, Garfield stake, Leslie George succeeded E. A. Griffin, address Escalante, Utah.

Castle Gate ward. Carbon stake, Benjamin F. Thomas succeeded Morgan

D. Evans, address same. Burnham ward, Young stake, Alma L. Foutz succeeded Elmer F. Taylor, address same. Alpine ward, St. Johns stake, John

Jepson succeeded Wiarren M. Tenney, address same. Burley stake, Unity

ward, W. E. Tinsley succeeded Archie L. Stokes, address same. Springlake ward, Nebo stake, Herman Tweede succeeded Wm. J. Taylor, address

Spring Lake, Utah. Grouse Creek, Raft River stake, Wilford F. Richins succeeded Jos. S. Barlow, address same. Davisville ward, Idaho stake, Daniel

Balls, Bishop, succeeded Thos. K. Gunnell, address Soda Springs, Idaho.

Morgan ward, Morgan stake, C. Calvin Geary succeeded Alonzo Francis, address Morgan City, Utah Lost River stake, Chilly branch, Joseph A. Coates

succeeded Charles John, address Chilly, Idaho. Second ward, Liberty

take, Albert J. Elggren ucceeded Henry B. Elder, address 745 South 5th

East, City.

George Lionel Fcrrell, 92 years of age, passed away in his home at Smithfield, Cache Co., September 21. The deceased was for many years prominent in church and political activities, and he was a successful pioneer in

the important work of dry farming. He was born at Howelsfield, Gloucestershire, England, February 16, 1829, the son of William and Alice Sadler

(Bird) Farrell. After the death of his father he brought his mother and

three sisters to Iowa, before he reached his majority, living there for a number of years, and then coming to Utah in 1859. The Farrells settled

first at Farmington, where it is recorded that the young man took a contract for getting out the winter's wood for Amasa M. Lyman. In 1860

Cache county was opened to settlement, and Mr. Farrell left Farmington and

went to Logan, where his energy and ability soon identified him with the pioneer and growing community. He was tithing clerk of Cache stake from

1860 till 1880, county recorder of Cache county from 1860 till 1880, county recorder of Cache county from 1860 till 1884, postmaster at Logan from 1862 till 1874, filled a mission to England, 187476, and was bishop of

Smithfield from 1888 till 1900. It was about 1872 that Mr. Farrell was led

to undertake his work in the development of dryfarming and, after years of experimenting, he made a success of it. Mr. Farrell attended every dryfarm

congress since the organization of that body and was the author of numerous pamphlets on various phases of the subject. Even after passing the age

of 90. Mr. Farrell remained in good health save for failing eyesight, his

sons and daughters declaring that, so far as they can remember, he was never sick a day in his life. When the summons came it was without

pain; just a gradual fading out of the flame. So peaceful was the end that

those who stood by his bed,, where he slept saw no sign of struggle; they

saw only that the breathing had ceased.

U. A. C. Winter Quarter

Opens Monday, November 28

Several hundred courses of vocational and collegiate grade will be open for registration. Send for descriptive circular.

You can secure thorough training in any one of the following important fields:

AGRICULTURE—Practical farmer; stock raiser; animal husbandman; poultry husbandman; dairy farmer; manager of

creamery; range manager; soils expert; crops expert; crops

pests inspector; teacher; orchardist; county agent; extension

specialist; agricultural chemist; bacteriologist; expert in farm

management; landscape gardener; botanist; entomologist;

veterinarian (first two years, only).

HOME ECONOMICS—Home demonstrator; extension specialist;

teacher; dietician; rural health expera; nurse; home manager;

dressmaker; milliner; social worker; institutional manager.

ENGINEERING!—Agricultural engineer; draftsman; surveyor;

drainage expert; irrigation engineer; rural achitect; expert in

rural sanitation; expert in road construction.

MECHANIC ARTS—Contractor; automobile mechanic; tractor

operator; teacher; gas engine expert; cabinet maker; carpenter; iron worker; foundry man; expert machinist; draftsman.

BUSINESS—Banker; expert in marketing; advertising expert;

salesman; manager of cooperative institutions; business administrator; private secretary; office manager; typist; stenographer; expert in agricultural economics; economist; expert

in political science; teacher.

GENERAL SCIENCE—Teacher; artist; musician; librarian;

writer; expert in chemistry; botany; bacteriology; geology;

zoology; entomology; mathematics; foreign languages; english; history; political science; public speaking; physiology.

Logan is well provided with excellent accommodations for students. Rates are reasonable.

The Utah Agricultural College The Home of Efficient Education

LOGAN, UTAH Wanted: Number 7, volume 21, May number Improvement Era.

Number 11, volume 22, September number, Improvement Era.

Send to 406 Church Office Building, and payment will be sent you.

Improvement Era, November, 1921

Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, ),. Edward H. Anderson, Business Mgr. EditorspEdward H. Anderson, J"Moroni Snow, Assistant

The Meeting of the Waters Frontispiece

After the Storm. A Poem Alfred Lamboume... 1

The "Mormons"and the Unted States Flag B. H. Roberts... 3

The Psychology of Repentance Prof. Enoch Jorgensen. 7

The Conquest of the Land of War J. M. Sjodahl 8

The Fair Day. A Poem.. Minnie Iverson Hodapp.. 10

The Principle of Vision Prof. Perry G. Holden.,.11

My Little Son. A Poem - A. C. A. Dean Hewer 19

Women and the Priesthood Prest. Rudger Clawson... 20

Our Sunset Hills. A Poem Carrie Tanner 22

The Thanksgiving of Annie Adams. A Story Elizabeth Cannon Porter 23

Bits of Philosophy Nephi Jensen 26

Relation of Scientific Irrigation to Permanency of Civilization George Dewey Clyde.27

"Up Against It."A Poem Stella Jaques Penman,...32

The Surprise Genuine. A Story Rulon P. Bennion 33

The Gleaners. A Poem Erma Pace *.., 42

A Suspicion Allayed. A Story Wendell Hammond.43

Sources of Joy and Factors of Happiness—VIIIX.. Dr. George H. Brimhall.49

Achievement. A Poem Helen Kimball Orgill.57

Conversion and Testimony of the Late Prest. C.

N. Lund C. N. Lund, Jr * 58

Wilt Thou Me Guide? A Poem Carrie Tanner.60

Lest We Forget....: Dr. Seymour B. Young * 61

Pride Goeth Before a Fall 63 Loyalty to Our President Joseph S. Peery.64

It is up to You. Dr. Thomas L. Martin 65

The Reward, Though Unseen, is Sure George Henry Norman 66

Latterday Saints Church in Minnesota. Illus Andrew Jenson + 68

Cigarettes and Opium 69 Disarmament and Peace James H. Anderson.70

If I Can. A Poem Lawrence J. Sorenson 73

The Utah AntiTobacco Law of 1921 Fred L. W. Bennett 74

Editors'Table—The October Conference 77

The 113th Anniversary of Prest. John Taylor 78

"The Palestine Weekly"80 Praying so that you May be Heard 81

An Error Corrected 82 Messages from the Missions 82 Priesthood Quorums'Table 86 Mutual Work 87 Passing Events 89 YOUR MENTAL DIET is treating The man who eats only pie and pastry his digestion as he wouldn't treat a dog. The man who

reads only daily news and fiction is treating his mind even worse. Any normal mind needs mental food; it

is in books that it is to be found, and the price of a good and thoughtful book is not as great as that of a pair of theater tickets to a vaudeville show.

Let us help you grow in wisdom and the enjoyment of the world's best thought, by suggesting books that every man should know and read.

Buy a Book a Week DESERETL BOOKS COMPANY r&um*'Was.6963 ==SE3F* *4>E. South Temple

Young Men Wanted

Despite the temporary lull in business there continues a steady demand for young men qualified for stenographic, work. Many successful business men began as stenographers.

There is no other employement that brings a young man-—or woman—into such close, intimate contact with

the employer.

Write or call for full particulars.

L. D. S. Business College

I Day sessions, $10 each 4 weeks.

Rates: \ Nig]ht sessions, for 12 weeks.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PMSE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Is Your Life Insurance Beneficial?

The very best there is in Life Insurance issued by

The Big Home Company You need Our Insurance - - We want Your Business

Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Heber J. Grant, Pres. STILT L71KB Lorenzo N. Stohl,V.Pres. & Mgr.

I. Z.C.M.I. Z. C. M.

FACTORYMADE Mountaineer Strong Seam

SHOES OVERALLS An Army Line of

) * MEN'S SHOES A splendid serviceable garment for every day wear. That wear splendidly

——-. SCHOOL SHOES

For the boy a Shoe Z. C. M. I. for semidress or for

KANTRIP school.

EverlastingSeam /Pfev OVERALLS (fSjjl Slipon reasonably priced A \Bh8ps?S Overall that is a value. splendid

Farm c 'mpaiw 50 V Co Jk STORES Implements! DIRECTORS IN

GEO. T OOELL G G. WRIGHT Vehicles W. 8 McCORNICK C S. BURTON UTAH

H. MOYLE JAMES R CUTLER THOMAS AND, /ILLIAM SPRY JAB. L. WRATHALL

HEBER SCOWCROFT W. W. ARMSTRONG MALCOLM A. KEYSEB R. P. MORRIS IDAHO

OAVIO A. SMITH GRANT HAMPTON

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA