heimprovement

RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED

—---7v--v..3-vka.- j...

v. *. w

-! f'.> w—- -TV

tn>- '-*—- * w—

-!--'.? - *.

.

Enjoy these "extra"hours with your children.

EXTRA hours of freedom you never had—the gift of the new

Haag 75 washer—are yours immediately you entrust your laundering to this speedy, safe, and efficient

servant. And how precious are these

extra hours, with the children I

The new Haag 75 will delight you with its thoroughness. From begrimed work clothes to the filmiest

frocks; its scientificallydesigned

and patented agitator removes every trace of dirt—and with utmost

safety to fine things.

You will want to see the many timeand laborsaving features that are built into this marvelous new washer. Especially will you be interested in the new wringer, with

its latest 2!.-inch balloontype rolls

of soft rubber. A phone call to

your nearest dealer will secure a free demonstration, in your home.

Heber Merc. Co., Heber, Utah Mountain States Imp. Co., Rupert, Idaho

Albert Johnson Lbr. Co., Ephraim, Utah Havemann Hdw. Co., Salmon, Idaho

Merrell Lbr. & Hdw. Co., Brigham City, U. Jones & Toponce, Malad, Idaho

J. M. Peterson Lbr. Co., Fairview, Utah Morgan's, Inc., Downey, Idaho

Schonian Furn. Co., Duchesne, Utah Murtaugh Hdwe. Co., Murtaugh, Idaho

Grass Valley Merc. Co., Koosharem, Utah Paul Produce & Storage Co., Paul, Idaho

Thatcher Music Co., Logan, Utah Ririe Hdwe. & Imp. Co., Ririe, Idaho

Mountain States Imp. Co., Ogden, Utah Shoshone Furn. & Hdw. Co., Shoshone, Ida.

Mountain States Imp. Co., Murray, Utah Swanson & Musser, Burley, Idaho

Mountain States Imp. Co., Preston, Idaho Terry Electric Co., Nampa, Idaho

Mountain States Imp. Co., Blackfoot, Idaho Thiel & Olsen Bros., Montpelier, Idaho

Mountain States Imp. Co., Shelley, Idaho Thompson Furniture Co., Gooding, Idaho

Mountain States Imp. Co., Ida. Falls, Ida. Jackson Merc. Co., Jackson, Wyoming

Mountain States Imp. Co., Twin Falls, Ida. J. Lewis Pulsipher, Mesquite, Nevada

Mountain States Imp. Co., Buhl, Idaho The Log Store, West Yellowstone, Montana

Distributors MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO OGDEN, UTAH

85 Electric. 75 No. Twintex Features of the Haag

Price $175.00 tub aluminum Electric.. Price $155.00 No. 75Pressed

Electric. $139.00 65 Price No. in finish, easy to keepsmooth

Electric. Price $109.00 55 No. bright.clean and 85 No. Twintex Gasoline.

$210.00Direct drive from motor to Price

$190.00 Price 75 Gasoline. No.agitator. Gasoline. Price $174.00 No. 65

Greasepacked gear case. No. 55 Gasoline. Price. $149.00

Interested agitator. safetyPatented Statesin—CutImpleto Mountain

Co. ment efficient operOff—MailCheck WasherSilent, smooth,

ation. Ogden, Utah

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 505

%.-;>:.

PROGRESS

T"HE long, slowly plodding immigrant trains brought civiliza- / tion... culture... industry to the valley of the Great Salt

Lake. But a few decades following this great movement a

new westward trek came... paralleling for miles the old Oregon and

sturdy Mormon Pioneer trail and path of the covered wagons—the

Natural Gas line. Utah's future is brightened with the establishment of this new fuel supply. It means a clear, smokeless skyline

... cities more inviting to new industries... healthful, happy cities

and above all cities that can be termed MODERN AMERICAN

CITIES.

For heating, waterheating, incineration, refrigeration and cooking you can do it better with

ETI Vy TUC"THE incAiIDEAL FUELIITI

FOR ALL PURPOSES

6- GAS UTAH COKE Salt Serving City Lake CO. WASATCHSel KAYSVILLE LAYTONGASFARMINOTONCO.

OGDEN GAS COMPANY BOUNTIFULTOOELE 6ARFIELDCENTERVILLE MURRAYMAGNA''

Serving Ogden MIDVALE SANDY MORGAN

506 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

fORECAST PThe < improvement

Clarissa A. Beesley Ballard ARRANGEMENTS J. have been Mehin

-**- Business—ERA"Associate Manager Business Manager made by which the Priesthood

department in the Era will be O. B. Peterson, Ass't. Business Manager

greatly improved. Not only will George Q. Morris

quorum officers and class leaders Rachel Grant Taylor find items of interest therein, but Chairmen Era and Publicity quorum members as well will find material which is sure to hold their Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Mutual Improvement attention. Associations and the Department of Education

Copyright, 1930, by the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association

TOSEPH E. RICHARDS, of Salt Corporation of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

the City, awarded was J Lake CONTENTS jointly the General offered prize by Title Author Page

Boards of M. I. A., and Mrs. Editorials

Sarah Daniels, for the best tribute Orson F. Whitney; The Pioneers: The Indictment Against

to the life and work of Prof. Evan Tobacco Hugh J. Cannon 507508

Stephens. This article will appear Voices in America Elsie T. Brandley 508

in the August number of the Era. Orson Ferguson Whitney George D. Pyper 509

Orson F. Whitney (Poem) Percy M. Home 510

511 Document (Letter by Brigham Young) A Historic M. HYDE, TJON. ARTHUR Preston Nibtey 512 A Reminder of the Just **- Secretary of Agriculture

United States, gave a delightful A Song (Poem) Rosannah J. Cannon 513

Stephens 515 V. Splendid Tribute Dan A Council National the before talk

1 5 Larsen Louis Covered Days Wagon in of America Scouts of the Boy 1 6 5 Widtsoe Dr. of Divinely Given A. John Wisdom the Word Was Superrecently. Tenn., Memphis,

Oaks, L. Digestion of Weston Mechanics M. D. 518 The Smith Albert George intendent

....Dr. S. 520 Bennion Life Facing Adam permisobtained and was present Archaeological Jewish Book of Mormon in the Light of Recent in the 'The address this to publish sion 522"J. R. Smith Research

DeHave Miracles Ceased? New Convert 527 Era."Homes—ThenIt will appearandunderNow."the title Inevitable Progress Les Goates 5 24

picting as it does the changed conOh Yes, Miss! - l Harrison R. Merrill 529

ditions of home life andt the conWhere Shall We Go This Summer Rose Wallace Bennett 531 sequent problems involved in the A Theatre In The Desert Harvey L. Taylor 533

rearing of children, it provokes Red Knolls Ruth May Fox 534 serious thought and at the same The Little House Across the Way (A Story)....Florence H. Townsend 536

time breathes an optimistic spirit Strange Anchor (A Story) Maxa Million 538 of faith in the present and hope Glancing Through (Summaries of Magazine Articles) Elsie T. Brandley 541

for the future. Foods for Health Adah R. Naylor 543

—ssjjii/oi>—Poetry 544

Forsyth To My Grandmother's Portrait Bee ELSIE CHAMBERLAIN MRS. Nell Lovell is well known to Apart CARROLL

readers of this magazine. "EmWest Lands Vesta P. Crawford

bers,"her latest contribution to God's Etching Merling D. Clyde

Elsie Petersen You disappoint will not these columns,

Kennelly Ardyth Stitch CrossIt will be admirers. her many Frost Ingles Grace Summer

one of the interesting features of Home Annza Grossman the August number. Thoughts areiSweet Birds, Claire S. Boyer

Church Music Committee 545 Priesthood Quorums ( 546 /\UR offer of prizes for the best Mutual Messages 547

Conference 547 June Annual to The submitted original poems Accomplishments of 553 Report Monthly to class open June us by 15—one, Edith Cherrington 568 Training those to open other all the and

whose work has never appeared Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter.

attracted more at special rate postage of in provided for in section 1 103, for mailing atAcceptance print—has

2, July 1918. authorized 1917, Act of October, expected. tention than was We

have had an unusual response, and sideredManuscriptsfree contributions.submitted withoutPhotographs,the statement,unless "Attheir usualreturnrates,"is especiallyare conthe judges will be kept busy for requested, will be destroyed.

several days. At least one of these Published monthly at Salt Lake City by the M. I. A. General Boards;

poems will be given to the public $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church Office Building.

in our next issue.

Hugh J. Cannon Elsie Talntage Brandley

Managing Editor Associate Editor

Heber J. Grant, Editor

Indeed, place able to live. urgently some of them Orson F. Whitney of the country to recommend it strongly as a desiradvised that President be it would Young r suicidal a valleys. large of people bring into these entire Elder to body of passing the Church mourns yHE

-*-J F. of Council Orson of the Twelve, Whitney, It to these earlier given visitors not was to see

a colorfulwhich occurred 16, 1931. was the He May transformation to which was follow—desolatefigure. gifted rarely sees a in so The world fields, fruitful man regions orchards changed into bringing

many ways. He was a brilliant writer of both prose forth an abundance where once nothing but sagebrush

and poetry, an unusually talented speaker, a delightful grew, the lowing of cattle in place of howling coyotes.

conversationalist possessed of sparkling wit, a master After studying the history, one can readily believe elocutionist, and with outstanding gifts as an actor. that this country was being reserved for a special

Indeed, had he chosen to follow the stage as a career, purpose.

he would undoubtedly have made a national reputaBut the Lord showed in vision the possibilities oftion for himself.

the land to his prophet before this man had seen

But he chose instead to devote his life to religious the land itself, and Brigham Young, when once conwork. As a missionary abroad preaching what he vinced, was as immovable as the mountains through

knew to be the plan of salvation, as bishop of an which he led his people. When one of his brothers

important ward at home, visiting the sick and laborprotested that they were lost, the leader answered ing patiently with the sinful, as an Apostle of the positively, "When I see the place I shall know it, and

Lord Jesus Christ declaring fervently and with con- I have not seen it yet."

vincing power that the Master had manifested himself in this age, he won the admiration of those who The faith which President Young's followers had differed with him in belief and the sincere love of all in him, and it was in most instances perfect, was who shared his views. traceable to their faith in God and in the work

One wonders whether any man, living or dead, which he had established. They knew their leader

called neither that was divinely and of his he nor anyever preached he. sermons than more funeral To successors ever to lead this be permitted would people birth, the resurrection real as he was as andhim

astray. had the ability to make it appear so beautiful to the mourners that the sting of death was in a large mea- <io?2-

sure assuaged. The peaceful resignation with which

he himself faced death indicates how sincere his declarations were in regard to the future. The Indictment

Though his words, oral and written, are silent, they will live on. Against Tobacco

A WIDESPREAD and determined warfare is now ** being waged against tobacco and the methods The Pioneers of commercial interests which urge its use. A careful

survey of the opponents of tobacco is illuminating.

TT was the greatest migration of people of which Educators, scientists, doctors, and practically every- * we have any record and was undoubtedly one one in the world condemn it as harmful, except those requiring the greatest sacrifices, the greatest faith, and who have a monetary interest in it, and this includes the greatest courage because of the magnitude of the the "20679 doctors"who say that "are less journey through an untamed land."In these and irritating"than some other brands of cigarettes;

similar words, found elsewhere in this issue, a promalso a few famous athletes who, thuglike, are willing inent eastern banker refers to the "Mormon"exodus to injure, perhaps fatally, their fellowmen for the from Nauvoo and the toilsome journey across the sake of gaining a few dollars.

plains. Has anyone ever heard of an intelligent and conConsider for a moment the faith and courage of scientious man who says thJfr the use of tobacco

the prophet leader, Brigham Young. Thousands of promotes health or increases efficiency?

lives were in his hands. We have the records of The strongest indictment which can be brought

visits to Utah covering nearly threequarters of a against tobacco is that furnished by those who use century before the Latterday Saints took up their it. Here is one of them, taken from Goodwin's

historic pilgrimage, and none of the visitors, from Weekly of October 11, 1913, and from the pen of the Franciscan friars, Escalante and Dominguez, that clever writer, C. C. Goodwin, for many years

down to General John C. Fremont, thought enough editor of the Salt Lake Tribune:

SOS The Improvement Era for July, 1931

"In a broad and general way the Indian, calling to be rememberd and given his tell of the days when the land was his Indicted by I am for the antitobacco doctrine due; calling to

promulgated by President Joseph alone; when the great distances were unmarked by Those Who F. Smith at the opening of the any but Indian dwellings; and whispering of the

Use It October Conference. And I am tragedy and the decadence of an ancient people.

unprejudiced, because I use the From the rocky shore of New England, there come weed. One can be pretty patient with the various the voices of the Pilgrim fathers and mothers, telling

weaknesses of human nature, but here is a habit of sacrifice and struggle, of dangers faced and hardwhich God never planted in any human being. It ships overcome, that others, as well as they, might

is unnatural for a man to chew or smoke tobacco. have a land pf freedom in which to offer up the

"No habit is acquired at such expense of pain and worship of their hearts in safety.

discomfort, or against so positive and emphatic an From the halls of the state come other voices—of

opposition of nature. The man who smokes can the men who were inspired to frame a Constitution

remember when he began selfadministration of nico-—new rules of government—by which the freedom

tine poison, and he can remember no other convulsion of the land was ever to be guarded and maintained.

of his frame which equalled that following his first From below the MasonDixon line come voices darkies cigar. The deathly sickness, the battle of normally of the South—husky, crooning voices of the

clean tissues against the rank enmity of the weed, who have been given the right to live lives of their whether smoked or chewed, surpasses any other illown; those men and women whose bodies can no

ness known to man. Seasickness is a horror. But it longer be bartered for money—liberated through the

is a dream of Paradise and the Peri as compared with efforts of a man whose voice still sends the inspiration ever nicotine poison for the beginner. Ptomaine poison of its echo down through the generations—and

hurts, but it is colic compared to convulsions. There will.

a boy whois no protest of the healthy body possibly approaching And from a grove—the voice of

the physical warning against tobacco. knelt there to pray, and who there heard other voices

"And if the user of tobacco—the confirmed slave—-Voices which so long had kept silence. And in

today, would apply to any useful endeavor the the voice of this boy, comes the message of life and resolution, the persistence, the indifference to suffereternity; the promise of everlasting life; and a voice

ing,comfort—whichthe courage, hethe haspowerdevotedof will,to theacquiringsacrifice theof fromof Christthe dustand tellingof Cumorah,of a day,proclaiminglong past,thewhenGospelthe tobacco habit, he would have won—though the winMaster himself came to America.

ning meant fame or fortune, love or leisure! From Kirtland and Nauvoo drift the soft sounds

"President Smith is right. Smoking is foolish. of voices long since silenced in the hush of death

There is not one word to be said in sanity to defend death suffered for the cause they loved better than it. Chewing tobacco is beyond all expression filthy. mortal life. There are voices of those who were

It is vile, vicious, selfcontaminating, offensive to driven and hunted, not because of their wickedness, companions and repulsive to the community at large. but their goodness and faithfulness; and the voices

"And while neither he nor I will make an end of those who left their homes to follow trusted of the custom, it is fair to say he told the truth, and leaders into unknown regions, in the hope of finding it is a thing for patriotic men to applaud, because the peace for which they longed and prayed.

his word in that meeting will save some men from From the vast barren waste of the plains come the the one habit which has nothing to defend it and sweet melodies of songs sung at dusk, when the march every consideration of cleanliness to oppose."of the day was over. "Come, come, ye Saints; no

For many years Judge Goodwin opposed President toil nor labor fear, but with joy, wend your way."

Smith and the Church with all the vigor of an And voices of mothers, weeping for their children, unusually trenchant pen, which makes his testimony buried by the wayside; and of little boys and girls,

on this point peculiarly valuable. weary, and with feet bleeding from the long, hard

—H. J. C. walk, with bare feet.

Then voices of praise and glad thanksgiving, when finally the voice of their Prophetleader said, "This

V,oices in Jx.Jimenca is theThereplace!"are voices of those who have been good,

calling from the past to bid us also be good; voices

A YOUNG boy, reading of the fearlessness, the of the brave, crying bravery to their children's chil- -*"! loyalty, the patriotism of Joan of Arc, said, dren; voices of those who have kept faith bidding

""No wonder she was patriotic. Anyone would be us hold high the light of faith, and keep it bright.

who heard voices calling, as she did. There aren't Will we of today have a message to call to future

any voices in America."generations? Yes, if we will listen to the voices of the

He was, perhaps, a very young boy; too young past and hearken, and obey. To keep faith with

to recognize voices clamoring to be heard; too young those voices of the past is to strengthen the foundato know that no other land in the world has such tion of faith for generations of the future.

voices with which to call and such a glorious cause Into the chain of America's voices, may the Amerfor which to call. As years pass by, his ears may icans and Latterday Saints of today forge a new

grow more sensitive, his understanding more keen, link; the golden voice of the twentieth century which

his perception more acute. And then he will hear will send its call in clarion tones into ages to come

the voices of this country. the strong voice of those who have been true, and

In the silence of the prairie, there is the voice of can, therefore, call others to be true. E. T, B.

ffhe(tfmprovemerit

Orson Ferguson Whitney An Appreciation

PRINCE has fallen in By lost and he found it. I was that

Israel!"absolute faith in and dependence

No death in recent years GEORGE D. PYPER upon the Lord that made him in. suggestsA more forcibly the. above manhood such a powerful agent

quotation than the passing, on that naive, intimate and most inin administering to the sick and

May 16, 1931, of our beloved teresting volume, he stands out afflicted, and in giving comfort tobrother, Elder Orson Ferguson selfrevealed, a man of simple faith bereaved Saints. Funeral sermonsWhitney, an apostle of the Lord yielding obedience in his childhood he preached in untold numbers.

Jesus Christ, the fifth ranking to his earthly parents and likewise He never failed to say the right member of the Council of the trusting implicitly all through the thing in the right place.

Twelve. years in God, whom he revered Shakespeare says: "All the

A prince was he in very deed. as a loving Father. It was this world's a stage, and all the men

Born in Salt Lake City, July 1, almost childlike faith that promptand women merely players; they

1855, a grandson, on his father's ed him as a boy to kneel down have their exits and their entrances;

side, of Bishop Newell K. Whitand ask the Lord to help him find and one man in his time plays

ney; on his mother's side of Pres- a prized jackknife which he had many parts."

ident Heber C, Kimball, Orson F. Whitney

Brigham Young's close was a man of many counselor friend and poet, aufather, his Horace K. parts—actor,thor, orator, historian,

Whitney, with the statesman, and apostle.

others named, one of the And he played all equaloriginal Utah pioneers; ly well, although he

his mother, Helen Mar shone most resplendentKimball, Heber C's eldly in the role of a est living daughter, a preacher of righteous- a of pioneer 1848, and role in which ness—the abiliwriter of no mean he best was known

ty, Orson Whitney among his people.

came through a line of ancestors, favorednoble a youth he sought of the held in A S Lord and companionship with high esteem by the those musically inclined;

Saints of the latterdays. for his love of the diTall of stature, noble vine art was passionate.

and stately in appearLike his father, he was ance, a polished gentle- a good flutist and could man in demeanor, he thrum acceptably, too, was commanding in any on the guitar. In fact,

group, one whom, if you he taught both these inmet on the street, you struments. With his

would turn around and young friends, notable look at the second time. among whom was his

chum, Ab Kimball, he TN his latest book, haunted the home of "Through Memory's William Clayton, where

Halls,"Brother Whithe always found a muney has written his own sical atmosphere to his life in his own way. All liking.

through the pages of Elder Orson Ferguson Whitney In 1874 Brother 510 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

Whitney was the principal founder of Woman Suffrage in the Utah of the famous Wasatch Literary State Constitutional Convention him will live in history, rank andAssociation, whose memmost of orators gifted most Utah's in Orson F. Whitney among prominentbers later became

Utah's history; in 1888 he was a Percy Martin Home and statesmen.

moving factor in the organization Of the poems of Orson F. Whitslings his smoldered David his not following, ney, the though of ANOTHER Club, the Dramaticof Home brand a favorite with always was actor he member and was awhich restless flood; loftiest, the dark, Far out upon

of marked ability. He would The head falls stricken, and the frozen the writer:

blood as stage the a profollowedhave the Runs slower for fession not been had it in the veins,—from those The Mountain and the Vale still hands

earnest flails, sands to the neglected, lyre prayers of his religious The Justice, Stern There's named a mountain

God, wails a broken monody. Oh Andmother. grand. towering, gloomy, Tall and

the Like he of Poets? Prince not Was called Mercy, a vale o'er Frowning

sod all the land. in Loveliest after the and HomeTOURING organmajestic songs His were,—deep, ** Dramatic days often he met tones is the mountain mighty Great and

a sea of little moans, thundered mid That socially a of group with young cold, are crags its snowy But at scattered that of Small waves sound lingers sunlight the in vainpeople besides among And himwhom, feet. his bold. the and proud summit Onself, President were J. Grant, Heber

height, the lofty peak, the Governor mighty Heber knewformer M. He valley, the is within warmth holThere deepvoiced were storms Where Wells, ("Heeb") Spencer, there, John D. I love to wander And

a roar. to lowed flowers, the fountain the and 'MidHorace G. ("Bud") Whitney, avatar, his tempest mighty was The air. the fragrance Bre&thing on S. Brigham ("Bid") Young, starry his eagle's marked shadow The

Richard W. ("Dick") Young, Dr. flight. Much I love the solemn mountain

night; secrets the and of the day knew He solemn mood, It doth meet my Stanley H. ("Stan") Clawson,

Celestial that the held Hand knew He thunders the muttering amid When, S.Rulon ("Rule") Wells, Daniel Power brood. the stormclouds soul O'er my

Spencer, S. ("Dan") Henry unpredicted the gloomwrapt, M. Above

Dinwoodey, and the writer, with hour But when tears, like rain, have fallen their wives; others, well known, When strickenaid. mortals cried aloud for AndFrommy thesoulfountainhas lost ofits myfierceness,woe,

but too numerous to name, at In evil, his reproach was like a blade Straight into the vale I go.

thistimes, the evildoer to cut augmented the merry group. That

smiling, gently the landscape, heart. Where

it is the opinion the ofAnd memhealing balm, heart pours O'er my pillowed that for the head proud set survive that ever O Weep! waters, oil as no bers who And, on troubled lies

its torm a calm. out Brings from lived enjoyable that had more and In dreamless it used to lift slumber!—how intellectual feasts than this Eighvale I love arid mountain, Yes, both

drift Majestical the above wayward either I part; teenth Ne'er would peogroup from of young Ward

little their indignant minds, and Of is life needful, unto cries. Each my ple, as they occasionally at met flashing faced with the "Argument"He heart. are dear unto Both my others'each homes. There eyes, was

never a fixed program. None was Yet calm, unruffled mien. What dignity For the smiling vale doth soften

see in his steeps only the All rugged we could Was make sad, step,-—if necessary. Wit and humor were

the walk earth once more. rocks icy meander If we from Him And

spontaneous—the "hang over"of had known Rills that make the valley glad.

the old Wasatch Literary days. In How soon his deta,th, then surely we had

grown these to gatherings say that be flattery would "Ort"Whitney, TT mindful of his countenance serene. impeccathen called, Bishop was Whitney always More as he was was

an outstanding entertainer. Just Yet, wherefore weep? Come, let us think ble. There was only one perfect

to hear him whistle, play the flute, instead mortal who ever lived on this recite, or sing was a rare treat. Of his glad welcome in the world that earth, and He was the Man of

lies The old songs "Maid of Athens"Beyond our claystopped ears and eager Galilee. "But,"says one eminent

and "I Stood on the Bridge at eyes, writer, "it is not by faults, but

Midnight,"favorites of his, were As on he wings through that bright by excellencies that we must meagreatness."sure BeaconsLord excellent for his mediums rich, Think howmyriad. the countless millions of the field said: is one reference man sonorous voice. This "A great dead

recalls the thought, expressed by May know the inspiration of his who affects the mind of his genseveral, that during the singing of voice, eration."Daniel Webster: "A

the hosts of heaven must And how for religious regard solemn and KedPilgrim"by Alvin "I am a rejoice is spiritual eternal things an and services, at the funeral dington to grace he of the Halls the That has come lower notes of the singer were alGod. indispensable element of greatPoet, for the while it clamor Rod, this we ness;"puts and Emerson like the tones of O uncannily most

is free the heights Your to wing mind are they "Great way: men who Whitney. "Ort"/ beyond!

is spiritual stronger than see that

TNTO his life's rich domain as any material force; that thoughts

*- poet, author, historian, orator, rule the world."Carlyle wrote:

statesman, apostle, the writer feels him literary fame. Add to these "Great souls are always loyally

incapable of entering. That should his monumental "History of submissive; reverent to what is

be left to one more fit. His books Utah"and other works and his over them."

of poems, notably "Elias, an Epic place among the immortals is seAll of these qualities were finely of the Ages,"would alone bring cure. His advocacy of the cause [Continued on page 555]

Historic Document A The following letter, written nine days after the arrival of the

Pioneers in the valley, contains the first word sent back to the anxious Saints in the east.

It indicates very clearly the practical, 'farseeing mind of the great leader and his thoughtfulness for the welfare of his people.

It breathes, too, a faith in the Almighty which was characteristic of the writer. At that time it doubtless required the eye of faith

to see in their desolate surroundings "the most beautiful valley of the Great Salt Lake."

Pioneer Camp, Valley of the Great Salt Lake,

August 2, 1847.

To General Charles C. Rich and the presidents and officers of the Emigrating Company.

Beloved Brethren:

We have delegated our beloved brother, Ezra T. Benson, and escort to communicate to you by

express the cheering intelligence 'that we have arrived in the most beautiful valley of the Great Salt Lake, that every soul who left Winter Quarters with us is alive and almost everyone enjoying good health, that portion of tbe battalion that was at Pueblo is here with us, together with the Mississippi company that accompanied them; and they are generally well. We number about 450 souls, and we know of no

is butone pleased what with our situation. the survey commenced of a city this We have morning. We

feel that the is fast time approaching those when teams that are going to Winter Quarters this fall should be on the way. Every individual here would be glad to tarry, if their friends were here; but

as many of the battalion, as well as the pioneers, have not their families here, and do not expect that they are in your camp, we wish to learn by express from you the situation of your camp as speedily as possible. That we may be prepared to counsel and act in the whole matter, we want you should send

the name of every individual in your camp, or in other words a copy of your camp roll, including the names, number of wagons, horses, mules, oxen, cows, etc., the health!of your camp, your location,

prospects, etc., if your teams are worn out, if your camp is sick and not able to take care of themselves,

if you are short of teamsters, or any other circumstance impedes your progess, we want to know it immediately, for we have help for you; and if your teams are in good plight, and will be able to return

to Winter Quarters this season, or any portion of them; we want to know it. We also want the mail,

which will include all letters and papers and packages belonging to our camp, general and particular.

Would circumstances permit, we would gladly meet you some distance from this, but our time is very much occupied; notwithstanding, we Wiink you will gee us before you see our valley. Let all the brethren

and sisters cheer up their hearts and know assuredly that God has heard and answers their prayers, and ours, and led us to a goodly land, and our souls are satisfied therewith. Brother Benson can give you

many particulars that will be gratifying and cheering to you, which we have not time to write. And

we feel to bless all the Saints.

In behalf of the Council, Brigham Young, President.

Willard Richards, Clerk.

View of Salt Lake City in 1858. Lion House at extreme right.

Jut a Reminder By PRESTON NIBLEY

city the pictures was made, were about him look could Young dent put there wereRECENTLY leaf in trees all the its in loveliest; years at first ten the feel that and pages a few into my hands water fresh of streams tiny a success. and What been had valley the

of Harper's Weekly, taken he had dreamed of accomplishing flowing down either side of the or torn from old volumes and bearwhen he descended the hillside streets. It was a veritable garden

September datesing of May 15, of eleven years fruit of 1847, July 24, slopes on and spot—the

4, all25, and December peace It represented first time, patient toil. for the the valley of the viewed

pages, old 1858. nowyear These in the contentment joy and and accombefore him

ilare profusely worn,faded and it Saints; lives Latterday of the had done. Zion thing

excellentlustrated views with realization of temporal the the of tops was in the of plished—abeennow foundedstood

Salt Lake City, taken from photomountains and people of many natheir dreams.

graphs made that same year by tions were flocking thereto. But lo, in the midst of it all,

"Burr and Mogo,"and forwarded there was consternation and terror on to Harper's Weekly at New CPRINGTIME in 1858 saw the in the hearts of the people. DisYork City for publication. Who- * warm rays of the sun come out tantly, there could be seen, during

ever Burr and Mogo were is now over the eastern mountains, drive this very month of June, 1858, only a matter of conjecture, but the drifts of snow away and bring trudging through the rocky defiles they did their work well and have up the grass and flowers. By of Echo Canyon, soldiers of the

preserved for us excellent repreJune, when perhaps some of these United States army, cavalry and sentations of the appearance of our city in those old days when it was but a struggling village, set out as an oasis in the midst of what was then known as "the great American desert."

Digging back into old statistics, such as are available, I find that the population of Salt Lake City in 1858 was somewhere in the neighborhood of 8,000. Through tremendous efforts, in eleven years of

poverty and struggle, it had got itself fairly founded, and had taken root, so to speak, in a region where it had been predicted that man could not survive. What had been

done, had been done with a view to permanence. By 1858, PresiThe Old Tabernacle at Salt Lake City

The Impropement Era for July, 1931 513

infantry, marching painfully but I would a wolf with my dinner; neither

determinedly forward, with this do I trust in a wicked judge, nor in any evil person. very "city of the Saints"as their A Song in honest menI andtrust womenin my whoGod haveand

objective. the was in War the power of the Almighty upon them."a deep reverent pride and

J. 5-127. this against D. peaceful it was war air, and SUCHis in heart, my

this agricultural people, thanks land; for Such wide whole whose other President thing One is there part no in the object build "to world was very determined was upon, Young soul impassioned raptly but my the of Of Churchup and Kingdom cleaves that that the and troops should was

is It that opinionGod."my native every tawny To thing—these the into not valley to come occupy

leaves. their and "Burr with camMogo"peaceful the Saints, the of homes hills,.stretch this dusty These hazy eras materials photographic and

toil. their plain, hardy by of There won

soldiers, these sent were poswith chill, October sun November and scant be this evidence of would sibly by Harper's Weekly to take rain. beautiful city if that were to be

of thephotographs strange western attempted. "I He said, am deterfeel to this kin should I not Why habitations of the thecountry and to mined, extremity, if driven that earth? dark Saints.Latterday

race this to shall find soil our enemies it was which here nothing My gave birth. but heaps of ashes and ruins."

folk sturdy I spring from The June, the of the 28th army(\N the vote to the put And then was toiled fought and valley, across - entered the came people, that are "All willing you build to homes, Here and slowly, the bench now occupied by Fort slowly wrought to set fire to your property and lay

Douglas, and marched through the Familiar miracles with seed and it in ashes rather than submit to city. peaceful plow—and homes The their military oppression, rule and wastes are fertile valdry The once there,gardens were but not a man, manifest it by raising your leys now.woman or child was in sight. The What a test of their faith! hands."What

homes of the Latterday Saints Heroes were they, this eager, quest- a marvelous confidence in their line ing deserted.were That matchless leaders! read that the Latwe And

perished in a cause wholeader, Brigham Young, had orOf men terday Saints, accord, with one divine, dered the people into the desert for Of women, fragile instruments of agreed to this destruction rather safety. With the approach of the fate, than submit themselves to military

insoldiers, he said: To usher a new race, strong rule and oppression.

straight, and still gallant leaders, un- A tribe still, still, I expect to sit stand or "Do the above and A LL much more lie still letor bowed—of tamely take and them away

these I should not -** Of transpired am eventful I—why life? in the year told a great I have youmy many

Itimes to that. say what have about the photographs

I profess so to be do not as good a man be—Rosannahproud? J. Cannon. reproducedof 1858, whenherewith were taken.

IJoseph was. Smith do not under walktheir protection nor into their prisons as We can look back now over a pehe did. And though officers should Ford pledged protection to Joseph, I riod of nearly seventythree years

pledge me their protection, as Governor would not trust them any sooner than since that time, and have many

A View from the old "Council House,"Salt Lake City 514 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

serious reflections. First, we can

know that a noble and unconquerable spirit dwelt in the Latterday

Saints in that bitter and trying time. We can know that they

were a united people, under a great leader* working for a most beautiful and worthy cause; namely, to

build up here on earth 'The Church and Kingdom of God."

We can know that they did their work well, and that on the foundation which they laid a mighty structure has since been reared. All

honor to their glorious efforts, and to their sacred memories!

betrouble heart of the The The old "Social Hall,"State Street, Salt Lake City their enepeopletween our and mies, from the beginning until now, is that neither they nor their [Editors'Note: Preston Nibley, to the early history of Utah or

work have been understood, for the author of this interesting of the Church. He is an ardent

no man can grasp or comprehend sketch, is constantly on the lookadmirer of President Brigham there and Young, of meaningthe if.jg-.-rr --——r. - ";\.; jibfe---. any, are few, ex-"Mormonism,"jgj

cept by the selfsame members of the spirit that animates—- - IBRlira community who

it. This is a fundahave made a more

mental truth and exhaustive study of must always be - the lives of the leaders than Church inborne in mind jBSgSfeSS he. has He fairlyconnection with our

pSSjBSS: -'''SK volin revels anjold BSs3-'history.

EP'"-.'Journals of the ume \"'-X'ntii.&SSS'-Mitis&.>'. "2 -"'* KniuSfc.: L V-v.V. With the Discourses, and of apStsT WL of the troopsproach the means been has

in August, 1857, of bringing to light

President John many a forgotten

Taylor said in one gem. His painstakof his splendid and ing researches into

intelligent sermons: the domain of

Church history en- "What is the reason Residence of Heber C. Kimball ables him to appreworld that the of manciate, better than the does not appreciate kind

the principles that are so plain and manifest out for something new. Particuaverage person is able to do, the difto us? How is it that all of our friends, larly is this true when the subficulties met and overcome by the inthe neighborrelatives and and associates

resided have not ject under consideration is related trepid and inspired pioneer leader. hoods where we have

fallen in with the Gospel of Jesus Christ?

Why is it that all these things have not been appreciated by the millions of the human family who have had precisely the same opportunities that we have had?

understand. see and cannot they—becauseIt is because they do not appreciate them

it comand in darkness shone The light prehended it not, but to those who received it, it was life and salvation."

Yes, to those who comprehend and receive it, it is verily life and salvation. The pioneers who built

the city portrayed in these pictures, sacrificed their all for the Gospel of Jesus Christ. They put forth

their entire efforts "to build up the Church and Kingdom of God,"and thereby, in doing so they gained all. Main Street Scene. "Council House"on right.

<HHtit jTfcrnx-'

f*gg*P:

Splendid Tribute A [Mr. Dan V. Stephens, president of the Stephens National

Bank, Fremont, Nebraska, paid this tribute to the "Mormon"

Pioneers daring the course of a speech made at the Second Western Bank Management Conference at Salt Lake City, March 2627, 1931. Editors.]

AM deeply interested in these A Great Event ter Quarters at Florence, Nebraska,

I a built years sumago A FEW history templating the marvelousI bank management meetings in 1847. Standing there and conthat are being held throughout **, the out Elkhorn on mer home people, journeyed of those who States.the United as I front and, River stood on my wilderness a savage and through

I am especially interested in this porch looking to the southward, founded an empire in this great particular bank management con- I looked at the trail over which basin here in the West, I thought ference held in this magnificent empassed that great "Mormon"Carahow apt and appropriate it would pire of the West among the great van, that first exodus of "Morbe to commemorate that event people who founded it. I have mons"that started out from Winamong the people of this locality

three ties that connect me with the by perpetuating the memory of great State of Utah. that trek across the plains, the

Covered Wagon Days greatest probably in human hisOne is with your splendid Governor, George Dern. He and I OMEWHERE in the nimbus of tory and so I employed an eminent

tradition recollection, artist frieze dimming a and had him paint years ago together fortywere boys to that so begins!S we have come And feet in length one hundred twenty I in him Nebraska. rememberback transition history of in the period of

as a stalwart, upstanding youth in the West when the hallowed things of around our living room depicting our university. memory are to be immortalized in the great events of history that

the pageantry of public celebration. belonged to that particular localitie that binds second me to The picturesque Days,""Covered Wagon striking the ty out-; and and most

for is of frontier the portrayal I planned state fact formerthat theyour standing in event the series was welshould 26, July 25 be 24, and thatly eminent studied with law it as the apcaravan all "Mormon"of as a means happy by comed jurist, Frick, E. back Joseph buildheroic in preserving a in the epoch eventful that peared morning on

Nebraska more than forty years ing of the West. There are yet those in early spring.

in parts took us who amongago. After he gave up his effort living I reproduced the event as it probonly the great they are but drama;

ato of he milawyer make me great occurred covthe ably will within when a pass on remnant—they of a their generation. fortunate to people the forgrated and Utah How ered caravan out the came of down

hills of the Missouri bluffs intothis great state honored him by childrenthat the preciousand theirlorechildren'swill be reverentchildren electing him Chief Justice of their ly preserved! the wide meandering Elkhorn ValSupreme Court. As a token of keen interest in the ley at its juncture with the Platte

project, "Covered The Days"Wagon artist I the River Valley. had

tie third that binds The devotes me cover the to Improvement Era feature as the event the train of this to issue the the depicting of of is statethis great the "Mormon"creaking teams nondescript and ox intrepid possible pioneer who made

I live at ofTrail. the other end carts civilization the the various of wagons and and kinds homes we now

it, a day's trek from Winter Quarenjoy. Louis Larsen. came up out of the Elkhorn River

ters on the Missouri. [Continued on page 560]

of Wisdom Was The Word? Divinely Given

By DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE

of the Council of Twelve

It is notefollow. evils to the last of I have days, the in spiring men as the revelation known treatment in modern that you, forewarn worthy you, and warned rewas of WisdomTHEWord with the body health, rubbing of this for unto you giving Word by

ceived February 27, 1833, Wisdom by revelation."alcohol is an increasing practice.

and published soon thereafter. Since In 1833, most food materials

that time practically every statewere produced in the communities T\ "Tobacco is not for the body,ment made by the Word of Wisconsuming them. Few were manneither for the belly, and is

dom has been confirmed by science ufactured or adulterated. not good for man, but is an herb

none has been found erroneous. Today benzoate of soda and for bruises and all sick cattle, to

other preservatives are used and be used with judgment and skill."

A The Word of Wisdom imskillfully blended with foods to In 1833, it was not known "plies that food and beverages permit of indefinite storage or generally that tobacco contains a are of prime importance in pretransportation from countries far deadly poison, for nicotine had serving health, lenghtening life, remote from the places of consumpbeen discovered only a few years and maintaining happiness. tion. To protect the people, pracbefore, in 1822. Its effects upon

In 1833, there was no science tically every civilized land has the body had not been determined, of nutrition. Most of the sciences "pure food laws"to regulate the and the knowledge obtained was

upon which our knowledge of nutraffic in manufactured, adulteratburied in the scientific journals of trition rests were not known; ored, or improperly preserved foods. the day.

ganic chemistry was just beginToday, substances injurious to Today, the poisonous nature of ning; bacteriology was unborn; health, such as alcohol, tobacco, tobacco has been fully determined;

and the other related sciences were coffee, and tea, are so widely and and within recent years, furfural, far in the offing. That food and skillfully advertised as to deceive acrolein, and many other injurious

drink were important factors of all but those well informed as to substances have been found in the health was conceded; but it was their injurious action on the body smoke inhaled by tobacco users. It

two decades after 1833 before the and hence are being consumed in is conceded that the tobacco habit, first systematic nutrition studies increasing quantities. acquired in youth, stunts bodily

at first with the lower animals and mental growth, and acquired were begun by Henneberg and / "Strong drinks are not for in maturity, is a useless, expensive,

Stohmann in the little village of the belly, but for the washing injurious practice, and that it is

Weende, near the university town of your bodies."always "a noxious, stinking"

of Goettingen, Germany. In 1833, it was recognized that habit.

Today, a science of nutrition has drunkenness was harmful; but

arisen, resting safely upon facts of moderate, though steady drinking T\ "Hot drinks are not for the observation, which compels the beof alcoholic beverages was not gen- - body or belly."This, by

lief that among the conditions erally held to be injurious; and direct statement of the Prophet

that determine health and lonthe actual effects of alcohol upon Joseph Smith and his associates, gevity none is more important than the body were not well underrefers to coffee, tea, and similar containing beverages drugs which drink. stood. food and nutrition—our action. increase heart Today, repeated scientific obseris spreading This new knowledge

over the earth with unexampled vations have shown that alcohol, In 1833, it was known only rapidity. even in small doses affects unfavorto the scientific world that coffee

ably the brain, stomach, and other contains caffein, a nervewhipping

T5 "Behold, thus saith the Lord, organs of the body. Those who substance, and that tea contains

unto you: In consequence of indulge in alcoholic beverages do caffein and also tannic acid. Caffein

evils and designs which do and so to satisfy their appetites and in was discovered in 1821. The

will exist in the hearts of conspite of the accumulated knowledge physiological effects of these subThe Improvement Era for July, 1931 517

stances had been determined only f"* "Flesh also of the beasts and Today, it is known that grains partially. V of the fowls of the air, I, the contain Vitamin B, one of the

Today, it has been scientifically Lord, have ordained for the use most important of the vitamin demonstrated and is commonly of man with thanksgiving; nevergroup; but in wheat the Vitamin

known that coffee, tea, and similar theless they are to be used sparing- B is concentrated in the germ and drinks injure the body because of ly; and it is pleasing unto me that bran, both of which are excluded

their injurious effects on the orthey should not be used only in in ordinary flour. A dietary withgans of the body and upon the times of winter, or of cold, or out a grain base is not complete

nervous system. Caffein belongs famine."for health. Wheat is peculiarly

it should be to the active, habitforming poiIn 1833, at least among Amerfitted for man—and

sons, weakening the nervous sysicans and Europeans, meat was whole wheat ground fine if thetem and organs of elimination. looked upon as the best and most full value is to be obtained. A

Tannic acid tends to make the important article of diet. "No definite difference has been found

stomach inactive, and is positively meat, no strength,"was the usual in the feeding value of the different injurious. slogan. Practically nothing was grains. Man thrives on wheats

known about the chemical compocattle sicken on it; but prosper

"C "All,wholesome herbs God sition of meat. on corn. There is much yet to>

* hath ordained for the constiToday the preeminence of meat be learned in this field, but it has tution, nature, and use of man as an article of diet has vanished. been established that grains are esevery herb in the season thereof, Scientific study has shown that exsential in the human dietary and

and every fruit in the season therecessive meat eating may lead to that wheat is a good human food.

of; all these to be used with prumany dreaded diseases. It has been "Nevertheless, wheat for man, corns

dence and thanksgiving."shown further that fruits, vegefor the ox,"etc., says our guide to

In 1833, the value of vegetables tables, grains, and nuts contain all health! And the whole grain asand fruits was not recognized. The the essential food elements. Just grown by nature must be used.

poor who could not do better ate a little over a decade ago, Dr. R.

vegetables; fruit was a luxury; H. Chittenden of Yale, showed "All Saints who remember to

neither class of food was held inwith a group of athletes, that the * keep and do these sayings, dispensable for full health, and the usual intake of meat could be rewalking in obedience to the comimportance of fresh vegetables and duced to a third or less of that mandments, shall receive health in fruits "in the season thereof"was commonly used, and with great their navel and marrow to their not stressed. benefit to the individual. A perbones; and shall find wisdom and

Today, the daily use of fruits son may live on meat alone but great treasures of knowledge, even and vegetables is recommended by with danger to his future health. hidden treasures; and shall run and

science, upon the basis of long and It may be done best in cold clinot be weary, and shall walk and patient experimentation, faint. for at give I, the Lord, there And it is usually not mates—and least three actual that unto depromise, them a the reasons. 1. The taken practically raw.

food value, often high; 2. The stroying angel shall pass by them,

is grain "Allmineral TJ content ordained for the as the which is children of prime of Israel, and not -L use ofimportance of beasts, in regulating and man to slay the them. com- -L Amen."

position of the blood, and funcbe the staff of life—nevertheless, In 1833, the Church of Jesus

tions of the different organs, therewheat for man, and corn for the Christ of Latterday Saints was fore protecting the body against ox, and oats for the horse, and three years old. Its membership,

disease; and 3. The vitamins, subrye for the fowls and for swine, gathered from all classes of people,

stances as yet of somewhat obscure and for all beasts of the field, and were no different in health, as far composition, present in extremely barley for all useful animals, and as known, from other people of small quantities, but of the utmost for mild drinks, and also other the day and locality.

importance in enabling the body grain."Today, the Church is more than

to make proper use of the food In 1833, there was no knowl- a century old. It numbers about

eaten and in protecting the body edge of the composition of grain. threefourths of a million memagainst disease. This knowledge Different grains were used because bers. For ninetyeight years, the

has come gradually during the last of tradition, based no doubt on people have kept the Word of Wishalf century, many years after the experience. Bread was the "staff dom in part. Their vital statistics

revelation given to the Prophet of life,"but it was largely uneven with the partial obedience to

Joseph Smith. It is less than thirty bolted and unrefined. Whenever the Lord's Law of Health have made

years since the Dutchman, Eijkbolted flour could be obtained, it them a marked people. Their birth

mann, and the Englishman, Hopwas used. rate is a third higher than that of

kins, made the capital discoveries the civilized nations; their death

that led to the vitamin theory and rate onehalf; they suffer less from

the complete revision of the science the diseases of mankind; their inof nutrition. An essential feature tellectual attainments are remarkof this modern knowledge is the ably high; their social and econecessity of using fresh fruits and nomic condition is far above that

vegetables for in most cases, preserof the civilized world generally.

vation by drying or canning deThe promises of the Word of Wisstroys the vitamins. Foods must dom have been literally fulfilled.

be eaten "in the season thereof."It is undoubtedly true that a super -

[Contmued on page 557] The Mechanics of Digestion By L. WESTON OAKS, M. D.

digestion is meant the proesophagus, and sometimes upper chewing. Of some importance is

furnishes since it this mastication, of small intestine, in vomiting end preparing food maofBYcess constitutadditional surfaces or emesis. many terials abso be they may

sorbed into the blood stream. With Besides moving material oning a greatly increased area to come

some of them profound changes ward, peristalsis has much to do into contact with digestive juices.

must be achieved before they are with mixing it and the secretions There has been much discussion appropriate to absorption: some or juices which function in diconcerning the relative importance

others require little alteration. gestion. This is notably true in of chewing the food well. When

Water is readily taken up as such, the stomach. certain meats enter the stomach,

by cells anywhere along the diFrom a chemical standpoint, enzymes of the gastric juice seem gestive tract. Milk, although it digestion is accomplished wholly readily to penetrate and break them

is also a liquid and comprised through the agency of digestive down, regardless of whether they largely of water, receives attention juices. These are provided by are finely chewed or not. Most

of digestive agents in at least three various glands located along the individuals are inclined to chew parts of the alimentary canal before course of the canal. Each secretheir food only sufficiently to perit is disposed of. tion is characteristic in its commit of easy passage down the esoMaking foods ready for absorpposition and action. Each one phagus. Contrasted with this is

tion involves processes which are also contains one or more individthe attitude of the Fletcherists who mouthful that each chemical agents which are maintain and chemical. The ualboth physical

until it disapshould be chewed as enzymes. known in mastication is representedformer

or chewing, in movement of the Enzymes are peculiar in that, pears down the throat without material from one part of the canal while they initiate the breaking conscious swallowing.

to another, and in its absorption down of complex substances into Aside from grinding of the mainto the blood stream. simpler ones and urge its rapid terial to be swallowed, chewing

achievement, they themselves do also mixes the saliva with it. This

lyfOVEMENT along the tract not enter into the chemical reacsecretion is elaborated by three * is accomplished through mustions involved. That is, the enpairs of salivary glands, the ducts

cular action, carried on by muscle zymes remain as such, and in no of which empty into the mouth.

layers in the walls of throat, esoway combine with other substances Outside of lubricating the food phagus, stomach, and intestines. concerned in the process. Because and flavoring its passage to the

These muscle coats have their comof this they have been called catastomach, saliva is concerned with ponent fibres so arranged that their lyzers. the digestion of starches. Its encontraction narrows the lumen of zyme, ptyalin, attacks them and

the canal; and such an area of HTHE fascinating story of digesinitiates their change into a com-

*- called sugar has always, plex Saliva maltose. usually, or narrowing preparation—following

it alkalin in reaction, of relaxadirectly is weakly one of and tion ahead as occurs in cooking—beginssuch

will act material the ptyalin con- a into only in tion in such which the are solids mouth. There

tracted upon is moved. Contracsubjected to more or less breaking medium. This means that as soon

tion tends to occur in waves, which up, or mechanical division, from as the starchy material is mixed begin at some point—-such as the with the highly acid stomach juices

upper end of the small intestine all salivary activity upon it ceases.

and proceed toward its lower extremity. Such a wave may travel INVESTIGATIONS indicate

only a short distance before it * that, after thirty minutes in the ceases; but its direction, under norstomach, sufficient mixing with the

mal conditions, is usually down gastric secretions has occurred to the canal. This form of activity stop further action of saliva. Ptyais called peristalsis. Reverse perilin, however, works rapidly; and,

stalsis means the arising of contracif the starchy foods are well mixed tion waves which travel toward with it in the mouth, much of its the mouth. They occur in stomach, possibility will be accomplished be-

&vywl/td&it&ij 'The Improvement Era for July, 1931 519

fore acidulation occurs. Consegrowth and activity of bacteria in "DSYCHIC stimulation of digesquently it would seem justifiable the stomach. Where normal acid tive glands is a strong reason

to assume that even more imporcontent is lacking, fermentation why it is bad health practice totance attaches to thorough masticaof foods occurs—through bacterial take candy or other confectiontion of the soft starchy materials action-—with production of quanknick knacks at any time except

that we eat than to careful chewing tities of gas, as well as some diswithin an hour or so following a of meats. Our hasty eating habits tress, and consequent disturbance meal. Since these foods are usually

lead us to swallow such foods with of the whole digestive function. composed almost entirely of sugars

little or no attention, and it is Such a state is common with cancer and starch, they do not use up or quite possible that we here initiate of the stomach, and in numerous absorb the acid and pepsin which burdens to digestion for which we conditions characterized by marked their taste caused to be poured into later pay toll in discomfort, general depression. the stomach during its normal restthrough hampered digestive funcAbnormal increase of acid is ing time. Thus a condition of

tion. Daily eating of hot breads often spoken of as "acidstomach,"acidstomach is developed. Such

hot, freshly baked biscuits, etc. "heartburn;"or hyperacidity, and excess acidity may be properly

has in medical minds been accreditis accompanied by pain or discomneutralized through regurgitation ed with causation of some chronic fort which is relieved through takof alkalin bile from the upper indifficulties of stomach and intesing food or alkalies. Such a state testine. Where neutralization fails

tines. A mouthful of such material results from nervous high tension to take place, and where the pracalmost at once becomes a soft or excessive worry, wrong eating tice of taking such materials during

glutenous mass, readily swallowhabits such as taking of candy or the rest period of digestion is perable, and which naturally receives other like materials instead of a sisted in, hyperacidity may become little attention in the way of chewmeal, irregularity of eating when a source of considerable annoyance ing or mixing with salivary seunder great strain or overworked, and discomfort, to say nothing cretions. and from certain disease conditions of its end results in favoring actual

Having reached the stomach, all of the digestive tract. It is comdisease. Candy taken shortly befoods mingle in a more or less monly associated with ulcer of the fore a mealtime tends to dissipate

conglomerate mass, through rhythstomach, and accounts for much the appetite for food.

mic contractions of that organ deof the pain there experienced. That psychic influences are of

signed to bring its secretions digesimportance to normal the great taken into foods into pROTEIDintimate contact with all portions tion is the readily apparent from acid to * stomach tend absorbof the meal.

fact that, for appetite where food a insure present to normal and In stomach walls are at found is destroyed inby untoward any acidity. of balance taking of Theleast three separate types tiny of fluence, digestion victuals such of coffee, candy, or pastry and any is, glands elaboratingglands—that is as forced also be may down of the subterfuges other or "timeat least three kinds secretions of normal. below to have seems This savers"so frequently resorted to to gowhich gastric the up make been somewhat understood by instead of the a meal mixed whichjuice. prepares an One enzyme lords the maintained who is is medieval receive, prepared to stomachcalled rennin, functions which in traditional to dining clown room exceedingly in end. the harmfulcoagulating the proteid of milk, furnish amusement laughter and Coffee acidaggravates markedlyforming curd. the is Another their meals. with apsame The stomach. as is pepsin, concernedknown and proval scarcely can to be extended a If near mealtime normal one firstonly the with step in breaking cover the too practice of common attractive thinks merely of some proteid materials.down

a business executive modern who occurs, there viand, certain through Pepsin are rennin and peculiar lunches at his all his desk among nerves, sympathetic stimulation ofin that they will act in only an anxieties, or at meets a nearby who secreting glands juices. digestiveacid is medium. This about the lunchroom several with capother is called psychic stimulation; Thisonly instance in known body phystains of industry for the purpose is it greatly and augmented byiology acid is where an reaction of adjusting mutual problems and sight, smell, especially taste andnecessary to function. normal A difficulties. attractively of prepared food. Suchthird type of gland furnishes the

acid, which is designated as hydrooutpouring of secretion, particularProteids only are acted upon in chloric or, in commerce, muriatic ly into the stomach, is a definite the stomach, starches and fats being acid. and important step in preparing merely altered so that both become

for reception of food. more or less semiliquid in consistpepsin and hydrochloric acid, com-(CERTAINV be chemicallycomplexbrokenproteidsdowncan ency. Through the agency of

into simpler ones only by first complex proteids are broken down into bining them with an acid and prosimpler ones called peptones.

ducing what is called acidproteid. As the partly digested stomach

Thus hydrochloric acid serves to contents are prepared for passage make activity of the pepsin poson into the intestine, a little is sible, and at the same time to preadmitted through the pyloric valve pare the material for its action. with the arrival of each contraction

The acid is also a rather powerful or peristaltic wave from the opantiseptic, because of its chlorine posite end of the stomach.

content; and it serves to discourage [Continued on page 556\

Facing Life By DR. ADAM S. BENNION

VI What Would You Choose To Do?

than I more "Shall me lie with still more I—ShallBEFORE

apprecicourse Of we all of Not?"the thirty letters, burden

all of which is essentially ate the fact that circumstance is the same. Let me pick one of them after all the major factor in many

up at random: of our deliberations. We just

"I wish you could tell me what have to decide. All too frequently

I ought to do. I've been worrysuch a process results in a sort of

ing about that for nearly eight blind choice.

years now and I don't seem to get After reading such an introduc- a bit nearer the answer."tion you have a perfect right to

Listen to another: ask:

"I have been teaching school "Well, admitting all you say, now for six years, but I really how would you advise us to prodon't seem to be cut out to be a ceed? We are just as anxious to

school teacher. Do you think I make a wise choice as you can be

ought to go on feeling like that?"to have us."

That's fair enough! Let's turn real interests they Or: tions are—what

rests to: decision the Even then "Sometimes I get awfully dishave.

couraged trying to get ahead here with them. Personal choice is the I.

on the farm. I believe I'd like very essence of being. Free agency

salesmanship, but I don't.know is one of the Divine Rights of "C IRST of all, we can think the

whether I could succeed at it or man. In the last analysis he must * problem through in the light

not."be his own judge. of all available facts.

And so they run. The refrain Choosing may be a perplexing A recent magazine article makes

of all of them is echoed in these task, but it is a blessed privilege. these significant observations:

1. 5,000,000 boys of ages 14three. A sort of vague yearning There have been creatures of

of the soul speaks out in all of bondage, both of the body and of 20 are gainfully employed; 3,000,-

them. Do you notice how indefinite the mind, but fortunately America, 000 more on part time.

they are? Uncertainty fairly makes together with many other lands, 2. They work chiefly at agrifaces in between the lines. is committed to a program of freeculture, manufacturing, clerical

"To be or Not to be"isn't redom. Men may now aspire to the jobs, etc.

stricted to a Hamletian pondering fondest dreams of their imagina- 3. Three out of four are misof the final issue of life. The tions. Neither caste nor circumfits in their jobs. Only 4% are

need hinder the ambitious engaged in what they hoped to real as it is stancemeditation is real—as soul. follow.perplexing. think of waking To

each morning through forty years But making up one's mind is 4. They do not stay long atto a task which carries no urge to more or less a painful process. Not one job—40% stay three months

natural does onlythe spirit—there's nightmare in the ertia havethought. to be overcome—andintellectual inor 5.less. About 80% contribute to

human laziness is no small confamily support; 40% are definite-

f"\F course, no one off hand could sideration—but choice always inly saving no money for later years. advise these three writers just volves a certain "eitherorness."If It must be evident that many

what they ought to do. He would I take here, I must give up there. boys go to work out of necessity

need to know what kind of WorMen still would eat their pie and before they really have had time rying and Teaching and Farming have it. It is likely, that if cirenough either to study out a selection or to make ready for it. Thethey have been doing—what their cumstances didn't force us to a

decision, many of us would flirt first fact to be aware of fully then mentality is—what their limitaThe Improvement Era for July, 1931 521

is that if you now can address One of several Steam Fitters yourself to the thought of a choice Secretaries Boiler Makers it is really vital that you should ClerksStenographers Firemen do so lest you be caught in the Tellers really like you T to F would look Draftsmennet of circumstance. -1 field this into further try turnof Power the heels of that thought Supt. On

to Asst. ing to Supt. of Power the following helpful pubwill naturally ask:you Chief Dispatcher lications: "What Fields Are Open?"Supt. of Maintenance

Traveling Maintenance Engineer *Brewster, E. T., Vocational Guidance Traveling Flume Foreman last census the for indicates that Professions,'"THE Rand McNally Co. 8 Plant Superintendent

I. Kandel, L., Federal for there VocaAid are occupations 20,000 Chief Clerk tional Education, Carnegie Foundationavailable the in States. Supt. of United Waterway Bulletin 10. No. Line Foreman are groupedThey roughly under Lapp, J. A., Learning to Earn, Bobbs, Maintenance Manthe classifications: following Merrill major Company.

several of One Lee, A,, E. Objectives 1. and Problems Industries manufactures and First operators

of Vocational Education, McGrawHill. 2. Agriculture Second operators

Robison, Emily, Vocational Education Third operators 3. Economics Home and Guidance of Youth, H. Wilson W. Relief operators 4. Professions Co. The Foremen

J. Taylor, S of 5. Handbook Clerical Voca- A Occupations Patrolmen

tional Education, Macmillan. 6. Nautical Groundmen Trades

*Bloomfield, Meyer, Readings in VoFlume Foremen 7. Mining cational Education, Ginn Co. & Waterway Attendants 8. Davis, J. Transportation B., Vocational and Moral Dispatchers

Guidance, Ginn Co. & 9. Service Personal Timekeeper

Dodge, H., H. Survey of Occupations 10. Stenographers Public Service

to Open the Girl of 1416, Girls Trade Clerks 11. Aeronautics Education League. Telephone operators

article brief Hoerle, like this can but H. Girl C, A and The the Job, Division Manager

&> H. Holt Company.point out for leads thinking. your Chief Clerk

Fryer, Douglas, Vocational SelfGuid- Credit will to reach Man have beoutYou ance; Planning Life Your J. B. Work, Application Clerk limits the local ofyond your comCo. Chief Dept. Lippincott Clerk—Billing Proctor, yourmunity preparapresent and M., W. Vocations; The Storekeeper

World's and Work Its Workers. Houghton appreciate Salestion if you would what Superintendent

Mifflin Company, Supervisorsopportunities be available for may Handbook of Labor S. Salesmen Statistics—U.you. Department of Labor. Illuminating Engineer

Let us look for a minute into Lighting Specialists

Group I, Industries. Suppose you Division Superintendent II.

are interested in the Electrical SubAsst. to Division Supt.

Clerk second is major THE suggestiondivision. You may aspire to a poForeman,Chief Estimating Dept. that instead of worrying aboutsition as: Foreman, Meter Dept. a decision really you analyze your Street Foreman, Lighting Dept.

President and General Manager Foreman, Service Dept. interests. Surely you have natural

PresidentVice and Commercial Manager Foreman, Line Dept. predispositions. What do you Asst. to Commercial Manager Supt. Steam Heat Plant find your keenest satisfactions in? Supt. Lighting and Appliance of several Sales One

Supt. Refrigeration Sales Clerks What do you enjoy doing when

Supt. Sales Range you don't Tellers have to do it? do What

Supt. Sales Lighting Stenographers you hurry to when you are Supt. Sales of Power Meter Readers through with routine work? Advertising Manager Keepers Time

Asst. to Advertising Manager. Estimators What do you do that you really

Chief Engineer to hate Draftsmen quit? will Nobody blueAsst. to Chief Engineer Installers Meter print life's your for work you. Supt. Gen. of Distribution Meter Testers Asst. Distribution Engr. Troublemen No one can enter into the secret

Asst. Electrical Engr. Linemen workings of your mind to find

Asst. Engineer Repairmen your answer. Within yourself you Chief Draftsman Servicemen must find the key to interest andAttorney Shopmen the confidence to turn the Asst. Attorney key. Most

Land Agent locks will yield to a persistent turnRight-ofWay Agent ing of the right key. And only Claims Attorney

Vice Pres. and Secretary you can tell the feel of that key.

Treasurer and Asst. Secretary

Asst. Treasurer III.

Auditor Chief Traveling Auditor helpful lies procedure THIRD A Asst. Traveling Auditor 1 x in contacting workers in purChief Clerk

seem which to appeal to you. Chief Stock suits AccountantsClerk—Preferred If, for example, catches Dentistry

Insurance Man your interest, take pains to cultiDirector of Personnel

Safety Director vate an outstanding dentist. That

Purchasing Agent word pains wasn't inserted with

Chief Clerk [Continued on page 558]

The Book of Mormon in the Liht of Recent Jewish Archaeological Research

By J. R. SMITH

Author of "The Message of the New Testament"

the Jews Disthe wilderness to the tents of our father."(I Nephi 7:5.)DIDcover America?""And it came to pass that

is the title of a rethe voice of the Lord came should father that we unto my article cent which appearthe into and go down arise * the November ed in issue ship.

of the Jewish National "And it came to pass that

Magazine. The article onpreparedthe morrow,all things,aftermuchwe fruithad

was written by Dr. Isaand meat from the wilderness,

dore Lhevinne, a Jewish and honey in abundance, and archaeologist, who is doprovisions according to that ing research work in whiched us, thewe Lorddid hadgo downcommandinto

Mexico. He answers the the ship, with all our loading

question affirmatively. and our seeds, and whatsoever

us, every one with brought repent, thing had great city we or the must Jerusalem of surprise a come as a claim maySuch age, wherefore, did to his we according destroyed."be (I Nephi 1:4) it been must has courseto many. Of ship, the our with into go should all that "Therefore, down ye I would

thought very probable that seafarknow, that after the Lord had shown so wives and our children.

ing Norsement came to the shores many marvelous things unto my father, "And it came to pass after we had taken the ship, into had and gone Lehi, yea, concerning destruction down the of the very early during Americaof things which provisions and us our with the Jerusalem, behold he went among felt generally yetcenturies, we have us, did put been we commanded people, to had to began prophesy and and that the honor of discovering this declare unto them concerning the things forth into the sea, and were driven forth continent should go to Columbus. which he had both seen and heard."(I before the wind towards the promised

(I 18:5-8.) land."Nephi 1:18.) enters the Nephi claimant a newNow after that to pass it came we things, the "And these heard Jews when "And the Jew. other thanfield. It is no days, sailed space of the for many as had yea, they with even him: angry were

Ever since 1830 when Joseph with the prophets of old, whom they we did arrive at the promised land; and

Smith published the Book of Morhad cast out, and stoned, and slain; and we went forth upon the land and did

tents; did call it the pitch our and life, we also they his that sought might they Saints have the Latterdaymon, (I land."18:23.) promised Nephi 1 it (I away.":20.) Nephi the take that the ideachampioned it to pass that came the Lord "And

before settled long father, were inAmericas a dream, even commanded my for Witness God,"his that family take should he and era the Christian ofthe beginning depart TN remarks, B. "From hisH "New.Roberts the (I into wilderness."2:2.) Nephi Israelites. six hundred Someby the and from Book of Mormon that departed to pass it came he "And

years before Christ, according to into the wilderness. * * *"(I Nephi the words of the Lord to the

the Book of Mormon, Lehi, a 2:4.) Prophet Joseph Smith it is learned

in Jerusalem, dweltprophet who Lehi's that traveled colony from necessary that peoother was take his family and TT to warnedwas dinearly a southeast pie should go with Lehi and Jerusalem,flee, that destruction for awaited rection, until to the they came his in family that his order sonscity. degree latitude; nineteenth north find should his wives daughand

"For it dame to pass in the commenceters husbands. thence nearly east to the sea of

ment of the first year of the reign of Arabia. Here the colony built a

Zedekiah (see II Kings 24:7-20), King "And it came to pass that the Lord did ship in which to cross the great

dwelt father Judah,of Lehi, having soften (my the heart of Ishmael, also and his waters, which separated them from all thatat Jerusalem his days;) and in household (consisting least five of at

same year there came many prophets, daughters and two sons) insomuch that the land of promise. They sailed

prophesying unto the people that they they took their journey with us down into in a southeasterly direction, and

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 523

landed on the continent of South forced to emigrate throughout the These afford mute evidences of a

America, in about the thirtieth deworld. civilization preceding the Indians.

gree south latitude."(pp. 157- "In 875 A. D. Soliman of AnIn commenting on these ruins Dr.

158.) daluzia found strong Jewish comLhevinne says, "I must say, howAgain in discussing Mulek's colmunities in all the large cities of ever, that I have examined the

ony Elder Roberts says, "But China."The great Marco Polo ruins at Mitla. The ornaments

among the king's (Zedekiah's) mentioned the fact that Jews were and frescoes especially were of a friends who escaped were a numnumerous and commercially powdistinct Egyptian character."

ber who carried with them one of erful in his time, and that some This is an interesting comment

Zedekiah's sons, named Mulek; lived in Cambuluc (Peking) in in the light of what Nephi said

and according to the Book of Mor1286. Professor Godbey says, in I Nephi 1:2, where he declared

mon this company 'journeyed in "The immemorial trade routes that he recorded their history in the wilderness and were brought have much to do with the presence the language of his father which by the hand of the Lord across the of Judaism in Turkestan, China, consisted "in the learning of the great waters'into the western Mongolia, and India."There is Jews and the language of the

hemisphere. It is learned by an no longer any question of the wide Egyptians."A similar statement

incidental remark in the Book of distribution of Jews in Europe, is found in the Book of Mosiah,

Mormon that the colony of Mulek Africa, and Asia in very early chapter 1:4. Mosiah lived in the

landed somewhere in the north times. But how about the settledays when his people had migrated

continent of the western hemisment of America by the Jews? northward into the land of Zaraphere. * * * But it is quite eviWe have seen that the Book of hemla, a district which we think

dent that they landed in the north Mormon claims that Jews under was located in the northern part continent of the western world, the leadership of Lehi came to of South America.

most likely in the southern part of America about six hundred years it were "For possible not that our that continent, in say before the region Christ. Dr. Now Isadore father, Lehi, could all have remembered of what in times is known modern brings Lhevinne interesting some these things, to have taught his to them

as Central America."("New Witfacts from the field of archaeology children, except it were for the help of

ness for God,"p. 164.) to support the claim of the Latterthese plates: for he having been taught

the language of the Egyptians, therefore In recording the history Saints. of the day could read these engravings, teach and people of Lehi probably who "The to his Jewish archaeologists,"hethem children, that thereby

landed somewhere on the west says Dr. Lhevinne, "are now turncould tekch them to their own children,they

coast of Chili, Nephi says, "Yea, ing to Mexico where for the past and so fulfilling the commandments of

I make record in the language of three years important excavations God(Mos.even1:4.)down to this present time."my father, which consists of the yielded sufficient material to rest

learning of the Jews and the lanthe theory of preColumbus Jewish It thus appears that their language of the Egyptians."(I Nephi settlers in the New World with guage and their writings from gen-

1:2.) more than plausibility."He fureration to generation were founded

It is clear.therefore, that the ther calls attention to the fact that basically upon the Egyptian lanBook of Mormon demands an thirty years ago the priest Planguage. We should expect, thereIsraelitish origin for the second carte and Dr. Nicolas Leon adfore, that their records carved in

race which inhabited America, the vanced the view, "that the Jews the great stones of their temples ancient progenitors of the Amerion more than one occasion had would be Egyptian in character.

can Indian. The material which reached Mexican shores along the Thus Dr. Lhevinne's statement

now comes to us through the arPacific, hundreds of years before that the records carved on the ruins ticle of Dr. Isadore Lhevinne, "Did Columbus."of Mitla were "of a distinct Egypthe Jews Discover America,"is tian character"is highly corroborthe of days Montezuma and TN ative interesting evidencemost of the corand highly truthfulness -1 Cortez the palace the and temof theroborative of records the claims in found made the Book

at by ple in Mitla, State the of Oaxaof ofthe Book Mormon. a sacred Mormon,

ca, already were in state a of ruin.record of this people transand

lated the by most Prophet important Joseph recent disSmith THEcovery thefrom plates gold bearing which were the idea upon delivered to him by the Angel that America was settled by the

Moroni, the last of the Nephite Jews in very early times, has come race. from Guerrero bordering the Pacific Ocean. "In 1927,"quoting

"KXOW let us briefly consider Dr. Dr. Lhevinne, "in the pueblo of

Isadore Lhevinne's interesting Ometpec, not far from the coast, article. In his discussion he calls one of the natives while tilling

attention to the fact that Israel for the ground hit upon, a veritable many centuries before the coming archeological trove, among the obof Christ had been a persecuted jects being the famous 'vasopeople. Also very early in their udio,'arms, and ritual objects of

history his people became both a a nature totally alien to those used commercial and a seafaring race. by the aborigines. The vase bapUnder the influences of these three tized Vasojudio'(JewVase) is

factors the Jews were scattered and [Continued on page 559]

Inevitable Progress \ By LES GOATES

hero outstanding stars in all the track worand field events participated in by the boys of the Beehive State for shipyears, thirty not more the past pingApopulace timers of the old three or four than cheers the crewould rate first choice in their reator of a new spective specialities. It would reathletic recquire at least nineteen men to

ord, but allstar alltime, out this there round Levi Myers always are is not percentage track team. The holds theUtah Aggies,

state and conference those devoted very great.

of enthusiasts record in the -yard 440 Creed Haymond, Utah's great at dash, set 47 4/5 another year

Clint- a decade of ago, and isseconds. only This on sprinter look who twofifths second of a Richards, Larson on and Alma estabas long record world'sunder high University Brigham Young track time. lished

preceded jumpers Haymond who field perand fame, athletic of hall into Utah's exand out are blottedformances off left a represcarcely be could reof tinge than aperience more collection of trackmen sentative gret. region. this skyline Even from All life progresses. So does the UniverGrant, at that Byron

Still, the toathletic achievement. hurdler sity of and broad Utah sports of a few yearsold timer in the the state record holds jumper,

competition constitute a generation running high jump and should be as he remembers the grand old entitled to a place in this event. In

athletes who did startling things national competition, however, in the past, recalls how valiantly Richards and Larson were the abthey performed, experiences in part solute ultimate in their time and the thrills they provided for their therefore cannot conscientiously be myriads of admirers and glories Carl Belliston denied.

in holder record joint Aggies,in the mighty prestige they atof Utah is Dave Pearce of Brigham Young official vault besttained. His pole vault. the

of and Nathan Long 13 feet University He has done 12 the cheer feet 8% inches. so new many And

in the the record best have practice. Utah in they feel regret that yetchampion

joint are dash. 3 00yard They inevitable, the tomust bow

official intercolstate of holders an intercolleof Utah's performances '"THIS constant progress is demgiate track and field athletes. If legiate mark of 9 4/5 seconds.

* onstrated most aptly by the it were possible to assemble the Haymond, unchallenged master

Utah Hurdlers

proved superior at the Rocky Mountain conference when William Mordock; (fifth from

left), Back Grant (second from left) and Frank Fishburn (second from right) ail scored in the low obstacle race. Mordock won the race, setting a new R. M. C. record.

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 525

and here again it is obligatory to collegiate stars, the second choice select Mr. Myers. The running would go to Squires who holds

mate to the Aggie star in this event the official state record at 4 minis Jack Squires of Utah who was utes, 21 1/5 seconds, made in clocked in one minute and 55 2/5 1930.

seconds at Logan in 1930. This Virgil Norton, another protege

is the official state record. Myers of Coach E. Lowell Romney of

won the race in the state meet this Utah State College, stands out as year at one minute and 59 seconds. the ace of all the two milers. His

This is not his best performance, mark of nine minutes, 50 1/5 however. In a meet between the seconds in the eightlap test comAmerican allstar team and the pares favorably with records now

British tracksters in 1930 at Chistanding in other sections of the cago, Myers ran the 880yard country. Norton was a consistent

grind in one minute, 53 1/5 secand colorful performer, a runner onds. He was the sensation of who trained faithfully and lived

the day. cleanly to overcome what many

Melvin Burke, former Utah critics observed as a deficiency in

State Agricultural College harrier, innate ability.

is undoubtedly the most talented

Creed Haymond miler Utah has ever developed. His (\NLY this year a new low hurPennsylvania of Utah and holds Rocky Mountain conference record in the 220mark of four minutes, 19 seconds die star has bobbed up to

yard dash and also world's record for nullify the once superfine perthis distance on oneturn track. formance of Owen Rowe of Brigham Young University. The

of the furlong newcomer is William Mordock of in his day, is Utah who skipped over the low rated by all barriers in the fast time of 23 3/5 track and field seconds to beat a mark established critics as the by Owen Rowe at 24 2/5 seconds premier 2 2 0- in 1929. Byron Grant stands out

yard intercolleas one of America's foremost high giate runner of hurdlers this year. His 14.7 oball time. Haymond's record of stacle race mark is twotenths of

21 1/5 seconds in the 220yard a second faster than the Rocky event, made on a oneturn track, Mountain conference record which still stands as a world's record. Gordon Allot of Colorado UniThis brilliant athlete competed for versity established in 1927. Very

Pennsylvania after leaving Utah few high hurdlers have approached and it was there that he won the this time in the regional meets distinction of being the only this spring.

sprinter in the history of the naArguments undoubtedly will tional intercollegiates to win both ensue when the fans of other years the 100yard dash and the furlong events in successive seasons.

He turned the trick in 1918 and 1919.

Nathan Long's brilliant 48 1/5 seconds mark in the quartermile made in the state meet at Logan $gp m in 1929 was expected to endure for many seasons but along came the persistent and spectacular Levi

Myers of Utah State Agricultural

College on May 16 in the state meet at Provo and cut twofifths of Nate Long a second from Long's record. The of Utah, noses out Levi Myers of Aggies

Aggie phenom, in doing 47 4/5 in quartermile dash at Rocky Mountain seconds for this gruelling race, will conference meet. Wooten of Utah is third.

probably be the pace setter for n *i"quartermilers for many years to made in the national intercollegicome. But did they not say that ates in 1928, is the fastest ever

of all the other record makers? recorded by a Utahn in this event.

sterling runners atat have seconds. 15 If a 4 minutes, trackTWO Burke has been clocked unofficially Clinton Larson tained the pinnacle success of desired coach to enter milers two national intercollegiate former championas halfmilers in the State, Beehive the galaxy from interof Utah in the broad jump.

526 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

and the presentday critics cast 44 feet 6 3/4 inches in the state 143 feet, 5 inches. Both were

their eyes over the names of outintercollegiate meet in 1928. established in 1930.

standing Utah runners in the reDoral Pilling of Utah, winner lay events. A team might posHTHE powerful Mark Reeve of of the national intercollegiates in

sibly be recruited at this time that * Brigham Young University 1928, has never been threatened could beat a four made up of Haywould have to be selected for two in the race for superiority among mond of Utah; Rowe of Brigham events on any alltime, allstar the javelin throwers. Pilling has

Young and Peterson and Myers of negotiated over 200 feet as a memUtah Aggies. Perhaps some obber of the Canadian Olympic team.

servers would place Long of Utah His Utah record is 196 feet, 7 in place of Hugh Peterson. Both inches.

were marvelous 220yard sprinters. Belliston of Utah Aggies and

In the mile relay, each participant Staples of Brigham Young are running a 440yard stretch, it joint monarchs in pole vaulting.

would be quite impossible to beat Their state record is 12 feet 8 1/4 a quartet comprised of Haymond, inches.

Burton, Romney of Utah and CorIn the remaining event, the less of Brigham Young.

shattered Since / broadMyles Bowenjump, honorsof UtahareAggies.held by quarterBurton'sLong

mile record, it would not be amiss to select the little flash from Wa- T)ECORDS established by these satch Academy ahead of the veter- *> Utah boys, compare favorably an who now coaches Utah Aggie with those of other sections of the teams. country which is quite remarkable

in view of superior climatic con- "THE outstanding high jump perditions on the west seaboard and formances made by Utah athin the south.

letes are credited to Alma Richards However, in a comparison of of Brigham Young University, \ i presentday stars with the heroes who won this event in the Olymof the past, it should be borne in pic games in 1912. Richards was mind that especially constructed

a champion for Cornell in 1911 tracks, starting blocks, modern and 1912, and in 1915 won the training methods and a strict spedecathlon at the national A. A. U. cialization in certain events, give

meet in San Francisco. He is the "SSSSSs the modern star a big advantage.

only Utah track star to place on: By way of comparison with the

a United States Olympic team. performances of today, a set of

state intercollegiate records as they

Clinton Larson, like Richwho stood in May, 1906, is offered ards protege was a of Coach Euherewith gene L. of Roberts Brigham Young 100yard Whitdash—Horace University, national intercolwas

at Salt Utah, Lake, 21, May legiate in champion 1917. He ney, flat. seconds 10 1904, (Sam the event at the relays won Penn distance the in Brinton 9 made that year a leap feet with six of

11, 4/5, 1907) May inches. 7 colorful athlete 7/8 The 220yard Whitdash—Horace Dixie from the in high won jump ney, at Salt Lake, Utah, 21, May the interallied after in Paris games

flat. 22 seconds 1904,

the war. 440yard dash—Val Rideout,

With all of these remarkable Utah, at Salt Lake, May 28, 1903, national performances to their 52 2/3 seconds.

credit, Richards and Larson must 880yard Hume, run—Jack give way to Byron Grant of Utah at Provo, Utah April 23, 1905,

as state record holder. Grant set 2:04.3.

a new Beehive State mark at 6 Mile run—Taylor, University

feet, It this season. 2 3/8 inches of Nevada at Salt Lake, May 12,

is believed that Grant has great 4:46.3. 1902, ALMA RICHARDS

possibilities as a national champion track only wan to make United high 120yard Utah hurdles—Ben since he has only team. in been engaged States Olympic Roberts, at Salt Utah, Lake City,

track work three years with no May 20, 1930. 17 seconds flat.

preparatory school experience strictly of up track team made 220yard low hurdles—Will whatever. records has Butler, both Reeve Utahns. Utah, at Provo, April 23,

William Snow Cox of Utah in the discus and hammer throw 1905. 26 4/5 seconds.

holds the distinction of putting and strangely enough they are Shot put—Joseph Smith, Latthe shot farther than any other within a few inches of each other. terday Saints college, May 21,

Utah athlete. The onetime Ogden The hammer record is 148 feet, 1904, 40 feet, 4 inches.

high star pushed the cannon ball 2 inches and the discus mark is [Continued on page 561].

Have Miracles Ceased?

[The following letters explain themselves...The

original one, addressed to the Salt Lake City Chamber of Commerce, was turned over to the Church

Bureau of Information. Suitable literature was sent

the inquiring lady, and subsequently missionaries visited the family. Editors]

Trinity, Ky., years down to three (3) months; er went with our landlord to look

Jan. 10, 1931. and myself, age thirtythree years. over a farm which Mr. Debell inSalt Lake City, We were reared in the state of tended to buy. In looking over

been not the house which had lived have and here most Chamber of Commerce, Kentucky

Parker for Mr. some years, I of our lives. with tenanted was a widow

Gentlemen: three children when Mr. Parker came upon a small book, the backs

and I were married, a year, nearly, and several chapters gone. The

Without doubt this letter will after he left the army where he book was yellow with age and and picked dirt, but heamaze jt up and perhaps amuse three a number served years—twentyeight

it to read. It wasof levelheaded business home men. this of But months time overseas. My brought

as I am very much in earnest about husband's captain was Moses F. a "Mormon"book, written by a

first Cowley. to reach man named this, and The mean said, a "MorCowley a "Mormon"—some not see, the book name, minister we could or teacher this amon"preacher. with Mr. 'Parker has often

request, I am taking the only spoken of him as loved by his was in such bad condition.

means within my power to do it. company to a man. Mr. Parker read the book, but as

As I never read or saw a "MorAfter our marriage we came to I was ill at the time I did not. He

mon"magazine or newspaper, the country and rented a farm, reminded me that the author of never met & "Mormon"minister as we felt that it was best for the book and his "little captain"or teacher in my life, I was at a the children, and my husband loves had the same name, and said he loss how to proceed, until somefarming. was going to keep the book. "Maything suggested to my mind the I have always been a student be Captain Cowley wrote it,"he

sending of the enclosed letter to the of the Bible, have always regarded said. He put the book at the botChamber of Commerce of your city. it as a Godgiven guide for his tom of a trunk with his army

it stayed Will you give this letter to a people. But I confess that the momentoes—and there

minister of the "Mormon"Church number of creeds and denominauntil last night. I am sending you

and believe me when I tell you tions have often had me "bluffed."the first two or three pages from

this is no idle request. It concerns My father was a Methodist, my that little book.

the spiritual welfare of at least mother a Baptist and they did not This brings us to a time two eight persons. Do this and God agree. I joined the Methodist weeks ago when one of my boys

will reward you. church at ten years of age. Since was stricken with "flu"and in that

then I have attended churches of time my husband and all the chilTrinity, Ky., every denomination and I have dren took it. One of them is still

Jan. 10, 1931. failed to find peace or the precious very ill. I, alone, was left to care

Minister of the Church of Latterexperience that close fellowship in for them.

day Saints, the Church should bring. It seemed Last Sunday night we had little

life of baby's our and I at strickenSalt Lake City, Utah, tonotmebe thatso dividedChrist'sas thetempleProtestantwould hopeslooked husband's my

Sir: churches are, into so many denomface and at my little one trying

inations. so hard to breathe and I found

Having decided to write you, My husband and. I have often myself, in the face of death, perplacing before you the entire cirdiscussed this, and he had often haps a spiritual coward! I did

cumstances leading to this letter, I asked, "Why our dissatisfaction?"not know how I would find my

am praying that you will grant We must be in some church on baby again on the other side. But

my request, and aid me with your account of the children. But there there was still Christ and prayer

prayers. was no answer, and we continued and I prayed that night as I had

My family consists of my husto read the Bible in search of truth, never prayed before, for baby and band, Harry Parker, age thirty as Christ said, "Seek and ye shall for strength, light! courage—and

to the questionsyears, a tenant farmer; six (6) find."Also for answers

children, ages from thirteen (13) About two years ago Mr. Park- I had been asking for years.

528 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

Baby changed for better on saw again the quiet kindly light, ful. I am unable to buy the books

Thursday, and Friday night we only this time my mind's,eye saw I need for I am far from any town that trunk, where I could get them and Isat here talking and reading—I, clear to the bottom of

the Bible and Mr. Parker was just what I wanted! What, so help would have no money to buy them

looking at my son's geography. me, God, I believe was to help me if it were otherwise.

He turned to a map of the U. S. in my hour of need! So if there is any one who will

and was naming the states over, Wildly I tore through the room, contribute literature for this purwhen one of the children called slamming* the door, forgetting I pose I shall be so thankful. We

for a drink of water. And this had two very sick children to dislive in the midst of the droughtis what I have covered so many turb. This time I forgot the lamp, stricken area and that, coupled

pages to make you understand. I but I knew my room, and what with our bills connected with

know nothing of the "Mormon"I was after. I tore things from the children's illness, has about

faith but what I have read in that the trunk until I came to a large put even books out of the little book. I am not a "supershoe box. Removing the lid, my question. But we are planning to

stitious"woman. Never had ocfingers sought and found what I work and save every cent we can

casion to be. But the Bible speaks wanted and I, usually a sane acting to come to Utah and place our

of dreams and visions and this is human, walked back to an amazed children under "Mormon"teach- a question I've often studied. husband, within my hand the yelers and in the Church of the Latter-

I got a glass of water and went low, decrepit, little book he had day Saints. It will mean a hard

to the bedroom, shutting the door brought home, read and put away road for us, but we believe we behind me, so as to leave no because the name of the author have been shown the way, and draft on the little baby. I went happened to be that of his "little we want to get away from the

to the bed and put the glass down captain."unbelief that would be sown in

here. their of If the reader minds little the In book. was hand my I could so the near trunkon me

this request for grant can any my I a peace heart never In had my little drink. toraise the up boy

use, I truly shall I can be in the literature before and mind known my the of the is beside head trunkThe thankful. appreciate any Would rang, of Christ words and "Knock I had facing bothbed. and was

lifted Junior up for his water when it shall be opened unto you. Seek advice and the prayers of the Saints

behalf. in my I shall find."ye read the light I opposite a of aware became

bless you God May it. all is my left of was And light. brilliant It a notme. was book—whatand

I prayer, firmly convinced where I am it lit light, It a "quiet"and was in Christ, Yours seek for should knowledge. I could the bed and trunk and

Parker., Mrs. A. H. perhysterical nervous no I am features very children'ssee the

Trinity, Co., Lewis Ky. I recalled son, usually and am it gone,clearly. second was and A letter clear, be This hardly may I served. feared to not have But total darkin as before usleaving

it readable please or but pardon spiritual for pray guidance and I to astonished ness! too move was

I as tired very exhausted and am I I rejoice help that and been have I the to instant ran for then an little caring for the ones by who light the the way. shown and out. Nothlookedfront and door

ill. are I a to want become member a to there. bedrooming Then * * * the of Saints. of Latterday Church shut. It right. the to wasdoor

Era, sons our daughters Improvement want and loss! was We There at a I wasAnd Salt Lake City, Utah, in the brought up "Mormon"some the place,but one lamp on

faith. I to Gentlemen: that end mean To the chimney one having broken

letter under date of Your if May will and your Church work I durhave, to other the one only 8, in brief for asked a which you literature kindly send that any me here, hussickness ing our and my report experience of our the with aid will to teach children me my that reading lamp band was by missionaries, received. was I at will gratebe home, than more I a to few moments came himwhen

1 visited February were we On I later. and frightened half was President by Palmer Lawrence W.

I seen. at once told had what him

district, of the East Kentucky and

I cried! it does mean?""What his companion, Elder Clyde W. said. illusion,"optical he "Just an Oakes.

too losing been much "You've 1 February son On 1, my eldest feel right. I sleep."did not But baptized. myself and were I have Something seemed to be beating another son old enough to be bapsubconsciously brain, inside my is tized, but he from away home

a to bring trying back memory this year. returns, school he When

I a so thought. was tired—have will Parker Brother be he bapand

in six slept hours than not more tized. children youngest two The

I sat say. they weeks down two elders. blessed these were by

as asleep relaxed, half nearly and first in the week About March, said until read he something Harry visited were Elder Oakes we by brought me awake and upright in and Elder Lawrence B. Jones; and my chair! "Plateau states—Utah. two weeks ago, by Elder Walter

That's where the little captain was Mayhew and Elder C. Wayne

from. Captain Cowley,"he said Reese.

and closing my eyes an instant I [Continued on page 532]

Oh Yes, Miss!

By HARRISON R. MERRILL

have proved me to be wrong so length gloves, up or down through frequently that I have entirely camany variations, to cretonne pitulated. prints, corduroys, hightopped

shirts. boots, and men's From occasion one joined a Miss chokers and belts and muttonleg party the to to hike sum- f)N our to lounging pajamas. of mit Timpanogos. She wore sleeves,

dancing pumps with high heels and shadow soles. I raved and stormed

and told her that her mother should look after her better—much

better. She merely smiled, produced a compact from somewhere,

powdered her pearly nose, dabbed her rosepetal cheek, and replied, "I'll make it, all right."

The worst of it is, she did; and

came sailing into camp at the conHigh boots and riding breeches enthusiastic—thoughclusion of the hike so shejubilanthad andlost

a cen- a quarter of heel, a and burned her neck—that

less I orFORturyaboutI have been more was embarrassed. much She,

closely connected with canmany varieties of her, has done the yon parties in which the ladies same thing so frequently since, that were an important and an interestnow I know that costume, after ing element. My experience exall, is but the blossom of a spirit

tends from the long ago when I that lies embedded somewhere inwas the sole masculine representaside.

tive among seven Misses who went The change in costume during for an overnight trip up Cub my outof-doors experience is exRiver in Idaho, through many ceedingly interesting. It has ranged

other excursions upon which I was from split skirts and full, armCorduroys and Cretonnes either the chaperoned or the chaperon, to the recent sunshine hikes to Mt. Timpanogos and moonshine treks to Mother Luna's Nose.

Upon all of these trips I have been interested, amused, astonished, and even shocked by my lady's costume.

At the present time, should a Miss come to me and ask, "Will these clothes do tfor the trip?"

whether her costume is but one of the seven veils or the furs of an

Eskimo, whether the trip is to the moon or to a more remote planet,

I have made up my mind to respond, "Oh, yes, Miss."

Now that attitude of mind has come to me after long years of resistance. There was the time

when I had definite ideas regarding what the girl should wear, but that is so no longer. The Misses Above cool waters

530 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

were no original reminded cosLevi's that Misses'camp; the army summer, T AST being—there

*-** stereotypes. corduthe Virginian; and of reached in one tumes a new mark

variety of material, styles, and colroys and lumberjacks reminiscent ors. At the Alpine Summer School, of logging days. And shirts TT was interesting to watch the

of Brigham Young University, men's khaki shirts, woolen shirts * changes from day to day. There

which is held each summer at intended for a slender doughboy, was an eternal rotation. When

Aspen Grove, 6,800 feet above seasilk shirts, pocketless and pocketed Mary wore skirts, Iris was certain level, where nature, the campus, shirts, blouses, waists, and slipto have on cretonne; when Bess

and even the faculty and students over sweaters. Each Miss was a came out in high boots, Lucile

are pretty much "in the rough,"hit in individuality. She was an apeared in pumps; when Florence

Miss can give free exdonned her riding pression to her pertrousers, Margaret sonality so far as coswore her regular dress it went tume is concerned.—and thus

She can wear anyday after day. Not

thing that any female once, according to my has ever worn and recollection, did we much that no female ever see anything on has ever dreamed of the campus that wearing from Mother might be called "the

Eve down to 1931, style."

and can get by with The Alpine Sumit. She can appear mer School will open

skirted or skirtless once more in the sleeved or sleeveless middle of July right belted or beltless, and after the Twentieth still be in style. Annual Timpanogos

Most of the cosHike which will be tumes at the Alpine held July 17 and 18.

Summer School were Should any young in forward lady come so they sensible—or the latest 1931 modseemed to me. Some

floorlength foryears ago, of Studious!1 I should say el, many

them would have mal, or in hoop skirts

this costume be either "Will stunning—takebeen startling if not or whatnot, and ask, in style on the moundefinition of stunning

you like. tain?"I'll answer as

Fortunately, the experience has taught mountains made no me to do, "Oh, yes, protest. Old TimpMiss!"and I'll not

anogos doesn't seem be wrong.

to care whether a Miss is hiking in ballpLIMB the mounroom slippers or in V* tains and get their hob nails. He remains good tidings. Naunperturbed through ture's peace will flow

it all. He arranges his into you as sunshine

cirques and waterflows into trees. The

falls, forces up his winds will blow their columbines and paint freshness into you, brushes, waves his and the storms their spruces and balsams energy, while cares just the same. will drop away from

you like the leaves of ("\Nhadour girlshikes wein Autumn.—John Muir.

lounging pajamas I presume that is a MOUNTAINS never crecorrect shake hands. Their name—in touch; may they a roots tonnes that from

distance looked like mayway up;keep buttogetherat lengthsome

the day after the batthey part company, and tle of Gettysburg; rise into individual, insulriding trousers that atedgreat peaks.men. J.So C.is itandwithA. might have been W. Hare: Guesses at

filched from any Glimpse of Alpine Summer School Truth.

&o this Summer??Where shallWe

ROSE WALLACE BENNETT

delightful it is '"THEN there is that lovely retreat in Big CotHOWto know that the tonwood Canyon where question, "where Brigham Young and the can we go this summer for Pioneers went to celebrate a good time?"is so hapin song and story, games

pily answered in the inviand dance in grateful wortation extended to us in ship, their safe arrival and our own summer Camp continued safety in their

Song. mountain home, in Brighton at the very tops of the

there; summer is Hi, Ho, perched mountains—and

calling, overat the mountainside

Hi Ho, there; come, come looking the whole valley,

away, is the M. I. A. Camp

The canyon breeze is big enough to care for one blowing hundred and twentyfive to 'Neath skies of sapphire two hundred girls at a blue, time. In the house itself

The summer camps are are four big cobblestone glowing fireplaces where big logs

With crackling logs for burn and radiate the true you. camp spirit, and big, airy

Hi, Ho, there; summer is sleeping quarters entice you

calling, to rest. A big diningroom

Calling fair girls from the speaks of jolly companionvale, ship. Smaller rooms offer

To rest in bowers of books, music, quiet chats.

beauty Clear mountain water is

Where happiness is duty, piped in and provides cool

Oh, do not delay, come, drinks and refreshing come away. showers after games and—Ruth May Fox. hikes; shady porches and

'T'HIS year of all years is easy chairs invite to relaxthe time to go to camp, ation. Outof-doors many

when everybody is affected lakes nestle in the mounby the financial slump and A Few of the Attractive Y. L. M. I. A. Summer Camps tain tops. High peaks inmany cherished vacation vite you to climb to their

plans will be abandoned because of fun and happy companionship, summits and see the sunrise or the money cannot be had to realize and you have a house mother to the moon flood the world with them. Too bad! But let me tell tell your troubles to. What more white beauty, or to look into

you something to cheer you up a could you ask? But wait—there other valleys not visible from

bit. You can all go to our M. I. are lofty mountains, a crystal camp. Quiet streams meander

A. Camps. The Summer Camp spring sending forth cool, sparkgently between flowerscreened

officers are longing to have you and ling, laughing water, the whole banks. Waterfalls shout and laugh

are making extra preparations to length of the camp grounds, sedown mountain sides. Solitary

give you a delightful vacation. The cluded, shady nooks along its paths wind through groves of

cost? It is only a fraction of what banks, where you can chat or read quaking aspens and evergreens.

you would pay for any other vaor dream. Swings are under the Manyhued flowers nod glad welsee for yourgreat night charge and come as you walk along. cation. At Logan Camp The

tell selves. trees—goI can't the starry begin to heavens you have tell you day. per many is only 75c You

three good meals, and a fine bed; all its delights, and there are officers tales you could not hear elsewhere

you take part in a lovely program and recreation leaders to make you in the whole world.

of hiking, stunts, games, campfire, feel at home and to led out in There you may lie on the books, music, delightful rest, loads all camp doings. bosom of gentle Mother Earth

532 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

and she will tell you of many pair of lovely things you have forgotten pillow or perhaps never knew. Birds will slips from

sing divinely, the little wood folk each ward.

will peep in and out at you, perThe sheets haps eat out of your hand. The and slips

murmur of the streams, the hum of are for the busy insects will lull you to visitors peaceful rest. Life will be sweet, and special

your heart will sing, God will be guests of near, you will know joy past exthe camp, pression. f'o r the

Hi! Ho! Come, come and see girls bring

for yourselves. their own.

In the are other delightful THERE many Summer camps offer that their peown acCamp near Beaver Boating on Lake Campculiar attractions as as well many tivities we

Iof these have told about you is best she can do see thing the of winter the blossoming Puffer'scan—thebeautiful camps in Provo, Ameristress it these is times I. of over to bridge in Here A. work M.can Fork, and canyons, Ogden all old that strain as of activities so in see at that can and camp we

Puffer's Lake in Beaver there where have joy and pleasure in peace the fruits of the winter's effort. mayis swimming; and boating the on and safety.

blue, blue, Bear is Lake that like mothers fathers so let us think of and your ways Takea big turquoise at the base of thrilling hear the to of getting the ANDand and means camp as manyhills in Bear Lake Valley.

as possible to camp this summer, stories around the camp fire that

TN the four Salt Lake City stakes The men will gladly help with they have no opportunity to tell this winter, for their handcraft the problems of transportation, at home. Thus you will give

thequilts—one,BeeHive and,Girlsin severalhave piecedcases, haulingcamp, etc. provisions,Invoke the preparingspirit of thangreateryoujoyhaveand dreamedhave greaterof. joy

eachtwo in ward. will There let be Pioneer days; her help each one camps make the M. I. Summer

fiftyabout quilts for the summer all neighbor everyone whole. year a complete and do she A.camp. of some the On quilts the

girls have put their BeeHive symbols and the results are beautiful.

The Gleaner Girls in these same stakes furnished one sheet from each ward and the Juniors in one Have Miracles Ceased?

stake asked if they might furnish a [Continued from page 528]

Your letter states that my extized when the other members of perience has been rather remarkmy family are baptized. The inable, but during the visit of Elders cident, I think, speaks for itself.

Mayhew and Reese we had another We have found the elders a splenunique experience. I had with me did group of young men, well

a young friend who had twin fitted for the great work they are babies about two years of age. One doing.

of these children became suddenly

If first letter can be of some my in the ten o'clock ill about morn-

I use, thankful. am $17.50, The ing. like those were Its symptoms which you spoke of, shall be put of pneumonia, but were still unwith my son's "missionary fund."usual enough to puzzle me, and I Max looks forward to the time call myself an experienced hand

he can go a mission, when on and babies. three with o'clock she By

is this the I only use way would fever, a high as there had and was the money. However, he wants one a to for doctor, no go you may a year's subscription to the Era sure be glad to see the elders I was

taken this. from to read We love in. to walk administered They

it it helps and with our study.

child, the within and an hour the baby was fast asleep, with not a Thanking you for your kind letter, trace of fever. She slept well, and I am

next morning was her bright little self again. Yours sincerely,

An Attractive Summer Camp The mother is going to be bapMrs. Harry Parker.

1 rteatre In The Desert

By HARVEY L. TAYLOR

forced them to huddle into the of happy homesteads and blosamphitheater awaiting the brandsoming fields. The cattle now

ing iron. graze on the uplands, they, like

Another halfcentury passed. the tribal man, being assigned to

The ranee has become the scene the reservation. So for many

years the Red Knolls stood alone and forsaken—a deserted theater

1 on the plains, where dramas had been lived and lived again. But

Joan at Prayer as old songs and old poetry are revived and made more lovely because of their ripening sleep—so

far distant Southern Arizona Red Knolls have stirred again to life a rich bring forth poetry of new lyric. inINin the land of a forgotten peoportrayed song, dance and

ple, stands Red Knolls, a veritable fortress, rising silent and maplace this ageold desert. thejestic Here of out

of spring group lofty "COUR-* was visitedyears agoby a first decorated to be spires are the by the rising sun, and the last to frolickers from the Gila Junior receive a baptismal benediction of College. Members pf the group

radiant color as the distant western caught the vision of the place as hills fold this early morning artist a setting for great religious pagto its twilight rest. eants. Several songs were sung,

and lo, the acoustics were found

In the heart of these hills time to be nearly perfect. Twohun-

and the elements have masterfully dred, threehundred, sevenhun- carved a gigantic amphitheater. In dred feet from the great natural

this ageold place there is a natural stage the normal speaking and cathedrallike impression in the singing voice could be heard withtowering cliffs that surround it on out any effort on the part of the three sides. Wind and rain have performer or the listener. This

carved rock faces with striking semwas in the spring of 1928, but blance of rich old tapestry. to use the place for which nature

To one who knows how to had so admirably prepared seemed read the signs, the place is rich almost impossible. It was fifteen

miles from the College; three miles in lore—once the meeting place

of the redman's tribal council; from the highway; no road; ten

later a battleground for warring miles from electricity; two miles

peoples, and always a lookout from water; no seating arrangepoint for approaching enemies ment and a skeptical public. But

from the plains below. Then the there were those who believed it

white man came. He forced his could be done.

aboriginal brother into rendezvous This great rendezvous of the desmore distant and remote. No more ert is now christened "The Desert

the wild chants of the redman to Theater."It is made accessible to

make weird and fearful the night the main highway by a wellgraded time; but instead, came droves of and graveled boulevard built by

cattle fresh from the range, jostling labor donated by the College and and bellowing as their herders Joan of Arc the county and citizens living in 534 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

the vicinity. On peasant village of

April 23 of this year Domremy of Lorthe fourth annual <Red Knolls raine, the home of

Red Knolls pageant RUTH MAY FOX Joan of Arc. Then

was presented. DurTT7ITHOUT the sound of a hammer or the touch of human hands to the palace of the

ing the past three * "A veritable fortress in Arizona stands; dauphine, Charles;

years an average of It overlooks the desert where mesquite and\ cactus grow, on to the capture of twothousand peoWhere the Indian and the coyote long wandered to and fro. Joan by the English

ple have seen each followed by the faperformance. It forms a semicircle with terraces and wings mous trial scene;

With parapets and portholes through which the wild wind sings; then to Joan's prisTOAN OF ARC Its halls are vast and gloomy suggesting treacherous schemes, on cell and lastly

J was early chosen Dark plots land ancient orgies in which the scalpel gleams. the scene of the

for 1931. Because burning.

of the unusual setWho planned this massive structure or its foundations laid? Two hundred

ting for this beautiWhat its mysterious purpose? On these all tongues are staid; and fifty persons

tells story, white the no man Indian cast; the No seems to.know composed reguful story—no Longago. riot read the and run fancy must So every this included prepared larly copy

could be used. After student in the Gila

his ibraves around chieftain here called dreadful some as College, Junior study Perhaps of six months were bound, to his their wills threatenings awful oaths and With well as fifty from research throughand bow, and plunder tomahawk with massacre and local high schools. history, novToFrench

tribe helpless; the alien must go. spare and the young Nor of the All members old plays, els and

the manuscript, afAnd perhaps some captive mfliden languished here in tears and pain college faculty ter having been reWhile her frantic lover sought her but alas he sought in vain, served on committouched by the Through days and weeks of torture denied the light of day, tees. Since it was

imagination of the 'Mid snakes and crawling reptiles she moaned her life away. the aim of the Colcompilers themlege to make it posselves, was finally Some;'think the place is haunted by a supernatural power, sible for many

declared complete. For'often in the darkness of the mystic midnight hour young people to

The pageant consistWeird moaning sounds are mingled with the sighing of the wind take part, one local ed of eight picturWhich reverberates and echoes until the fertile mind high school furnishesque scenes, beginCan hear again the maiden calling, calling through her tears ed all idance numning with the pasAnd see the brave young lover grow old with gruesome fears. bers; another all ortoral setting in the chestration. A 1

Red Knolls

a

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 535

choruses were trained by the Colhundred and seventyfive feet long glitter of the army; all the gaiety

lege. In order to have music enand thirty feet deep. It is really of peasant life in France.

tirely sympathetic with the mood a continuation of the lower level of each scene, it was necessary to stage. This year an orchestra pit '"THE College Leadership Troop

arrange each number especially. All was dug which will house not of Boy Scouts had the rethis work was done by the College only the musicians, but switchsponsibility of the seating. Seats

Music Department. The spoken board, spot and flood flights, as for threethousand were hauled

drama forms the major part of the well as bookholders and directors. twenty miles, placed and numberpageant with twentyed. After the performone speaking parts in ance these were reall. Just after Christturned to the proper

mas vacation the cast owners. Between four

for the pageant was and fivehundred cars chosen, all speaking carried the spectators to parts being won by the scene of the pagecompetition. Thirtyant. jCommittees atseven girls tried for the tended to the proper

part of Joan. A correparking, so that any

spondingly large numcar might leave at any ber tried for each of time. Committees of

the remaining parts. faculty and students

At the preliminary trylikewise care for the outs, five girls were seushering, ticket collectlected; these were given ing, marking of the

ten days to study and highway and reception.

prepare for the finals. This great outof-

When the cast was door spectacle drew the complete, a study of attention of people

give State of Arizona andFrenchgun—thishistorywas wasto bethroughout the entire all actors a thorough parts of New Mexico.

knowledge of what Eightyseven foreign they were to portray. cars attended last year.

For eight weeks reTen of Arizona's larghearsals were built est newspapers praised around the principal it in most glowing characters; during the terms which may be

last weeks the great ensummed in the words semble scenes were put of one, "Red Knolls is together and the varithe finest natural theous tempos, moods ater in Arizona. Last

and fine sequences were night an audience estiemphasized. Scene in "Joan of Arc"mated at twothousand

persons sat spellbound HTHE stage in the Desert Theater Since the Deseret Theater is ten by the beauty of the pageant, and * is most unique. It is so permiles from the closest electricity, it the natural setting."

fectly built by nature that no was necessary to import special other scenery is necessary. The light units. This was done in T STAND in a beautiful canyon.

top stage is seventyfive feet long the form of two large Kohler * There is something entrancing and fifty feet deep. Ten feet beplants, each having a capacity of about those majestic hills, clad

low this is the main stage, onetwo-thousand fivehundred candle with beautiful tall evergreens. A

hundred feet long and seventyfive power. These plants came from concert comes from the rushing

feet deep. Extending up from Phoenix, a traveling distance of stream as it crashes against the

these two levels are rugged steps fourhundred miles. Tenthou- rocks in its path. It fills me with

cut in the mountain side. At the sand feet of wire was used for a sense of wonder as it rushes ontop of these steps on either side are wiring this great arena; all elecward through nature's fairyland.

great caves which extend upward trical work was done gratis by There is no finer example of God's onehundred feet and are open at members of the school. handiwork than that which exists

the top. Here onehundred actors Onehundred-fifty costumes for here in these canyons of the west.

can be housed when not on the the pageant were brought from My very being throbs with love stage. The steps leading to these San Francisco, onehundred more and hope when I come into thecaves are used in all the ensemble made by the Domestic Art Depresence of His divine work—

scenes, so that no time during the partment of the College. All love that overwhelms all else in

pageant is any actor hidden from these costumes were authentically the purity of its passion, a hope the audience. The third stage, correct, reflecting all the brilliance that exalts me above the clouds

which comprises the entire south of the French court; all the pomp and transforms me with the beauty

side of the amphitheater, is twoand glory of the church; all the of its calling. Rudy Stockseth.

The Little House Across the Way By FLORENCE HARTMAN TOWNSEND

Illustrated by Fielding K. Smith

—-as if the house were to blame, Oliver and baby Nona were buildRMA looked as Cecile claimed, and continued ing a castle with their blocks—bits

up from her mending at it across to live with his parents a mile of wood gathered from the scraps the silver expanse of snow, the up the road. of the house across the way. Irma

adorable little vacant house across gave it another wistful glance and the a in the room. In it cup shivered imagined Shethe way. as speculated had IRMA safe she seeds found some the visibly from bit shranka and a Perkins just lovely Dorothy how seeds she gathered had heart clean itscold, with to—poppykitchenleft a rose clematis purple and would

fall. in a neighbor's last yard Sheall so and empty at the entrance; be the sweet,unwarmed—and gorfront

unwanted. Of course Irma loved geousness of blue morning glories hadn't known just why she had

so saved carefully, for she them it terlittle wanted housethe and netting wire the the on around it to be useless would that, had known notribly, knew but nobody fence of peach garden the pink and sheeven the house itself, for though blossoms in the plot that had been plant them at home. Now knew why. at it daily with looked acrossshe fruit planted never to

she and hunger, Muffledcompassion in her cloak and a visioned the pantry had fenced—buttrees. She had

not been in the yard since the shelves groaning with jams and knitted cap she circled the house builders had put up the windows. jellies and the chicken yard alive and walked slowly and casually

But she had peered through those with trim, white fowls. There across the road. Her heart beat

blank openings previously and would be a fig bush at the back rapidly, making her feel guilty and found it charming even in its indoor, and berry vines between the foolish. She entered the yard and

completeness. The frontdoor with peach trees. Thus her thrifty and letting her hand hang by her side,

its arched entrance and tiny stoop, artistic soul had pictured the barscattered the seeds on the snow.

gave into a long, narrow living ren little house across the way, That's what the neighbor had said, room. Back of this was a bed but the dream remained unrealized. sow them on the snow. She traroom with a spacious closet, a big Her dreaming had rebounded in an versed the yard, letting the seed

kitchendining room, a bit of a attempt to beautify the tenant farm fall evenly on the soft whiteness.

pantry and a screened porch quite house her father's family occupied, It would seem, well, strange to large enough to serve as an openbut the morningglories she plantthe neighbors, perhaps, if they air dining room in summer. And ed had been scratched up by the knew. Strange to Walt if he knew.

how any brideto-be could heartvigorous brood of hungry hens Walt must not know! She quitted

lessly refuse to become queen of that roamed at will, and the eight the yard precipitately and ran such a kingdom, even if it didn't lusty younger brothers and sisters home.

have electric lights, a bath and had proved too much for the running water, was more than climbing rose and the lilac bush winter to gave ixS It way could comprehend. mustIrma near the planted front she had spring Irma wondered often about suggested, that as people been,have door. pairs feet Eight of restless

the poppies. She anxious, was becared girl deeply verythe hadn't kept the small yard so packed hard

all reason, yond to have first place, them grow in the or shefor Walt that relinquished Irma her quest and bloom. glad trifle gay and allowecf a such How havewouldn't for at beauty bestowed home and

little the sad house seem would them,to between which come little her the dreams on house with its dooryard aflame little nodwith apshemerely showed how again.

preciated Walt, for everybody ding poppies! Irma considered it

knew how fine and upstanding from the broken chink in her bedWalt was. How could she hurt c)HE rolled the last pair of room window where the south

breathed stockings tantalizingly. into a neat ball and wind But him and his littlehim like that—scorn

its the dresser it into its windows, dropped poor staring winbottom house?dear little

But even Walt didn't seem to drawer. Her mother was treadling dows, where every passerby might

care for the house any more. He the sewing machine and her broad gaze and see its emptiness and dispassed it without turning his head placid back was turned. Little grace!

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 537

It was a starlit night that Irma and her mind became busy with slip was planted, with a kiss and a crept out and planted the morningstill further plans and problems. benediction, beside the stoop.

glory seed under the two front There was, for instance, the matter It was perfectly natural that windows and tied the strings for of the Dorothy Perkins rose. She nobody—not even Walt—noticed

them to climb on. Then, as there had set her heart on it, but there the poppies until they bloomed.

was no one to stop her and no were none at home. If she obAnd they did bloom with a venone to see, and there were still tained one from a neighbor she was geance! Irma held her breath when

quantities of seeds, she made a sure to inquire about it later, which she awoke one morning and they trench along the garden fence and would prove embarrassing. But flashed their saucy bright heads at

planted them there. It all seemed demonstrating that where there is her. Farmers passed by on their

perfectly right and terribly satis- a will there is a way, Irma visited way to town and wondered mildly fying while she worked, but when a neighbor who had a Dorothy that Walt had overcome his bitshe started home she was again Perkins rose at her gate, and as terness and renewed his interest in overcome with confusion and guilt. she passed out, carefully broke a the place to the extent of planting

And yet she found it easy to argue nice limb from the coveted vine! poppies and morningglories. They

this away once she was safe home, Another clandestine visit and the were creeping over the windows and covering the garden fence. Maybe

Walt had his eye on some other girl. Been

a year now since that little upstart from town had thrown him over. Walt deserved better than

that. Good boy,

Walt.

T]HE poppies, and the wonder of them, stuck fast in the mind of only one man, and that was Walt. He almost

overturned his small coupe as he gazed dumbfounded at the gorgeous display in his own yard. At the

clambering vines and the absence of weeds, for until they bloomed he had thought the poppies weeds. He

wondered, somewhat vaguely, how they got there, and he felt a sudden tugging at his heart. The little

place was calling him.

He wanted to fuss about it and walk inside it and feel it with his hands. But he

did not stop. The

him—madebold poppies himabashedfeel

alien, an intruder, and he drove on with only a sidelong glance.

Irma had seen him go by, without, as she thought, noticing.

She heaved a deeply "Though she looked across at it daily with compassion and hunger, she had not been in the relieved sigh. He had

: yard since the builders had put up the windows."[Continued on page 566]

m\ Strange Anchor By MAXA MILLION

Illustrated

by Paul S.

Clowes

HE thing still had Jimmy Ashton in its grip. Do

what he would he could not shake himself free from it. Not that

he particularly wanted to either.

It was a new and an amazing experience for his sixteen years. He

felt grown up. It was as if Life

had offered him a strange, highly seasoned dish and then suddenly withdrawn it, beckoning slyly the while for him to follow her.

He brought out a can of syrup from behind the tall cans of salmon, weighed up a quarter's worth of sugar for old Andrew Blackman. He counted out a dozen It was while he was in the back room cutting the cope that he had looked up

eggs and wrapped up two spools to see her standing by him

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 539

of thread for Nannie Green. As ing tonight,"he thought. "It will hasn't taken your appetite?"

he rang up their change he passed give me a few more minutes for Jimmy didn't raise his eyes.

I?"into the back room went that had enHe of his qualitysomemer—apleasantry with each custosleep in the morning.""I'm eating as much as usual, aint

sevbehind the stood Mr. Ashton looked significantly inhabitant of where to every broomdeared him

the little town who traded at his eral bales of rope. At the sight at the two golden brown pieces

father's store. Even as he did this, of the rope the old refrain, "Toof fish that Jimmy had allowed

to pass him. "First time I everone part of his mind went on with night—Eleven,"took on a greater

his struggle. "Tonight remember seeing the platter in that condition atEleven—Tonight—

Eleven,"beat refrainlike this stage of the meal.

against his brain. Must be the dance."

"Dance!"Jimmy

thought. "If Dad only

J:IMMY had a knew."A wave of fear

flair for clerking. "Your passed over him. Dad

boy, here,"a salesman must never know. He"

once had told Mr. Ashcouldn't understand.

ton, "not only has the Hastening to his room, most contagious gaiety Jimmy made preparation but he keeps the neatest for the dance. The burnlooking stock in the valing unrest was mounting

ley."again. Twice he dropped

Mr. Ashton had given his cuff link. "Anybody

his customary remark of would think I was a tenapprobation: "Jimmy is year old,"he muttered

a good boy."It was as between his teeth.

much as he ever said but "I might be kind of it meant everything to late getting in tonight,

Jimmy. Dad,"he called as he

There was a close bond went in the hall for his between father and son, a hat.

bond heightened precep- "Not too late, Jimmy.

tibly since the death of a And leave the store key.

younger brother three I think I'll post up the years before. books tonight."

Sam Arvill's bald head gleamed cheerily under A-lT seven Jimthe flyspecked globe that my began locking up. It No word was spoken, but like a homing pigeon Dad's lighted the little office adwas a rite that usually messagt settled in his heart—"You are a good boy."joining the crude amuselasted till well after dark. ment hall.

Some farmer was sure to forget intensity than ever. Hurriedly he "Sure you're old enough, Jimhis need for nails to fix a hayrack began to cut long swathes on the my?"he bantered as the boy laid

until the light in the store went sawdustprotected floor, down a half dollar. "New ruling

out. say no infants under twelve al-

"Surprising what pulling down lowed with out their mothers."

early come had SPRING "I'll if you you show my feetthe front blinds will do,"Jimmy to the little town. As Jimmy don't think grown,"I'm Jimmy said,often reminding of "by way

people of their needs for bolts and walked up the lane that led from laughed.

baking powder."the store to his home he noticed

that the fruit trees were full of barely run he had Tonight the crab apple the typical up bloom. was by The old IT front locked shutters the the and well a of gate unfurled Girls white country dance. stood storm

door when he heard Sam Arvill's over him. Ordinarily he would out on the floor advertising the

voice. 'have stopped a moment. "There's fact that they wanted to dance.

'ladies criticized tree and gossiped Old that old when Jimm 7/T door.j unlocked,pe?.,Upthe "I 'plum the side from mothdines. Young hits just that,..Jimr?7for somethingit is in blossomabout me

got the dance tonight. Great note right square where I live,"he had ers with sleeping babies in their

isn't it? Slide a for manager, dance at tragic looked eyes arms with father, his to confessed once shyly cans have of out wax. two We their places the dancers taking on its face tonight could not he to the but keep to something have floor. a the stood with Jimmy loveliness. It clean so and was their slivers toes."out of group the doorof boys open by

it if as sweet, past hurried and he carhe gone the spent portion had where male Jimmy way When ried the cash from the register to afraid it might read his thoughts. its time during that interval known

the iron safe in the little office. "What's the matter, son?"Mr. as "tuning up."

"Might as well do the sweep Ashton asked at supper. "Spring Jimmy's eyes followed the

540 The Improvement Era for July, 1931 dancers but all the while that halflaughter—laughter that threatened He had wrapped up her grocerfrightening, corrosive thing to overwhelm them when the girl ies.

gnawed at his heart. now before Jimmy had come into "Anything else?"

"It isn't as if I weren't grown,"view. "Yes, about six feet of clothes

he kept telling himself. 'The fact Jimmy was no fool. Immediline rope. I've got to have a line

that I was singled out as I was ately he had known the applicaon the porch to hang the children's proves that other folks know I'm tion these boys were making of clothes. Those little beggars are

no kid, too."old Matts'speech to the girl enin the ditch about half the time."

He looked at his Ingersoll. Tentering the door. Here was the rope he had sold

fifteen. He took a deep breath, He had recognized her as the her. Evidently the children had

picked up his hat and went out. new hired girl of the widower, been in the ditch again for several

A mass of shadows under a Fred Mangum, who lived out at pieces of clothing hung limply nearby tree untangled, as he apNorth Bend, two miles, from town. from its support.

proached into three fellows. She had already attended a few

"Here, Jimmy,"they called. of the dances where her newness, I-.T was while he was

"Take a swig with us."But Jimher full red lips, and her tight in the back room cutting the rope

my, shaking his head, hurried on. fitting dress had contributed to a that he had looked up to see her

popularity which far outshone that standing by him. She had follittle girls. the of modest town light the half out. In lowed him straight walked JtlE since once then than JimMore second. breathless a there been had store the passednorth. and he As the fellows of heard had some my coil the started and to rope up He pacehis his hastened he home own allusions her. sly to He, make his felt She arm. her on hand had eyes his straight ahead. keptand himself, he did dance not though a laugh. throaty given had store furniture the old pastOn it invitation sure read he was was asked. she had "Afraid?"creekacross splotch a that the was in eyes as she whirled her by had I it?"he look manhad "Do silver starlight inof twisted the him. heart his to answer, pounding aged pasturepast beWind's John—while. the wildly ruins the charred the ofyond

to began Her move hand down [rose dejected thatcreamery and loafers two had 1 HE fingers sleeve. encountered his Her their fringeghostlike of smiled girl in. as behind broadly the came

fierce his. hot and Something trees. scraggly at thisbushes and companion had moment Now A in him. awoke his reached destinahe loudly had almost a decrepit Lizfrom honked

tion. The headlights of a passing zie. They had hurried to join The front door had shut with

a bang. picked out carried the andmotor had been shabby him away It was the girl who had droppedhouse, leanto, front that a chugging amid panting room and and

crouched like a toad by the side all but drowned their "See you his hand. "Fred's gone,"she hadof the street. tonight at the dance."whispered. 'Tonight—Eleven,"

The light died away and the Jimmy had realized suddenly and without waiting to pay for house slunk back again into the that there was something compelthe rope, she had hurried out the shadows. ling about the girl as she stood back door.

The pounding of his heart was there and smiled slowly at him, For a moment Jimmy had stood suffocating. He could feel even his in spite of a faint feeling of nausea staring wildly after her and then

his collecting he wits had goneears collar the greasy burn. Furtively that fell he unlocked at away

a store to exchange into the backthe gate the arched whiteness from and her went in. of

rice of yards of and two pound neck. skin flung coolfor the open whitest That was A window, butter a Katie calico for of poundness, seen, ever sitting revealed oil he her eyes, her had and an by

in. brought Langford had like table.cloth "yellow, a cat's,"covered he had had Jimmy

a strange feeling that the boy thought. As the boy went up the path he

watching her was not himself wondered if it had been only ten since this happened. hours had the notwas her had met boy who

feel like other "Do lifethat morning. of time A halfexcited?"halfscared he—fellows stretchedemotion that between

meeting. He recalled every minute thought. This wild tumult of

detail of their encounter. The feeling within his breast. Life!

things that led up to it. Strange wonderful Life.

Old Matts Mattson had stopped His foot encountered the first violenthis shabby buggy in front of the step of the porch. A

store and without waiting to tie trembling seized him.

the team had limped across the The girl sat stiffly by the table, platform. her yellow eyes fastened on the

"Aren't you afraid they will door.

run away?"Jimmy had asked and

Matts had answered in his high A-JT that moment a gust falsetto, 'They are too old to be of wind picked up one of the little fast."garments on the line and sent it

feet. fluttering Hastily to the boy's loafing fellows young by Two

<Me<-5C(\j ujHCcer-'the into counter candy [Continued had burst on page 562] a

Glancing, Through Brief Summaries of Magazine Articles"

By ELSIE T. BRANDLEY

Useless A. B. C's. ticular subject is of supreme import- I learned in infancy has vanished. In

ance, and refuses to admit that any a pinch I can remember that 1492

By DONALD ROSE time could be wasted in the study of was the date of the signing of the (Forum Magazine, June, 1931) it, and yet I believe that an appalling Magna Charta by King John, but amount of effort is devoted to the whether he was compelled to it by learning matter. don't of I haven't Pocahontas, things which or Louis XIV system educationalAMERICA'S years arithmetic. Consider the ten idea; the least the same confusion Of and life American is typical of

logarithms, early I spent geometry, exists with in connection with my expansive and expensive—fancy, studies and not a and calculus, science, language of and Engof grammar plaincoastto-coast hookupschools, high schools, preparatorytrace is left in my mind—and I don't lish literature.

schools and colleges. It has big miss it. Except for the multiplication I do not say that the methods of

is table, left there no arithmetic are education in elementary at presumably its disposal and wrong—butmoney

five can't me. I remember as high more than wasted, studies are most of its behind country brainsthe best of the

it. telephone numbers, and I don't need school, later on, will provide them

to. that contention mathematics adolescents The go most adequately—and criticize is It such easy to an not faculties cultivates certain are inwhich suffering from highschool into syssuccessful apparentlyelaborate and transferred to important matters more indigestion. tellectual

in as concerns, businesstem, other but is scientific, not for according auto give to is of work plenty There this the casethe thorities, intellectual abilities I are stockholders—in not instance. for reading,citizenry the of United them—take States—demovable the part of brain one from to know merely reading don't mean dividends. to wantmand know They to another. learning but another, from word one yieldare schools orwhether the not

I learnfor geography, remember appreciaAs intelligence and with read to resultsing to the proportionate wealth sets the the never that ing sun on the bad; from the good to tion; know effort them.and into put

I considered British should false. the true from the We Empire—which case; to the this be not seems And if it trick, could a very done be good of book sort different a provide to have

intelligencethe of average mean progeographical apparently teaching, in my attack the change and—but

still is very us and very meanamong I there, gression although have stopped endure can children but truths—even courage,average. Morality, good- I is. a fairly idea where Siam good truth means when uncertainty—socheer to seem be happiness not and a great taught been have must many awful the it beat by down do we why greed, superstition,universal, while things the a,nd exports imports about need They textbooks? certainties of

jealousy are so. fear almost Only and of Somaliland, but I don't remember, it keptfor be I might wish faith—butin matters physical comfort of and I if I'll ever to need look and know, spirituality; religion and as things such

opportunities has for entertainment it else in the encyclopedia, ask or up preserved from it be that might andour to pace seemed world with keep a policeman. halftruths.

its in magnificent development popit then of And is simply I suggest history—whatever remedy Theular education.

to be called If I were commonsense. failed, if has education And geography, grade to teach seventh it is upon it foster certain failed tobecause has

essentials of character. Habits of I should throw the books out of

health, business, selfprotection and the window, ask the powers that be comfort are promoted, but those of for a large globe, and try to impress usefulness, happiness, general intelliupon the minds of the students that gence, good judgment and tolerance, the earth is round, that it is a big are not. place, and that almost anything might

I should in it. open happen Then broken down? system the Where has

the children take and the newspaper lies failure the that claimColleges a trip to discover what on with me refer schools schools. high Highwith

is earth happening actually on the I, and farther a step down;you

perhaps, where, and, why. exrecollection, pedagogical today—andthrough

perience and observation of elementary I might do this in history, also. Indrag- ages back, and stead of starting opinion to the compelledschools, am I should the present, ging them up to lies really with thethat trouble our

preadolescent system of training. And start with the present, where they are,

if education goes wrong at the beginand let them follow back along the ning, it will either stay wrong, or paths in which they would find inrequire the correcting of a great many spiration.

mistakes which should not have been made. We are, it has been said, hopefully,

Every teacher believes that his par- a people impatient of waste and intolerant of idle tradition; and we have

*Condensed by permission of publishers. a chance to prove it by calling into

542 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

question all the absurdities of eleIt is strange how many women merely by calling. We win them by

mentary education and replacing them today are indifferent to the social imfighting for them and by discipline, with essentials of civilization-—habits portance of marriage, and yet they are training, and hard roads. We will

of usefulness, intelligence, good judggreatly interested in other aspects of never achieve them by the abandoning ment and happiness. Graduates might social betterment. Perhaps the dismal, of standards!

be short of algebra and hazy in history, onesided view of marriage which they they but better would get know their way from literature of the modern The Span of Life Has Not about in a difficult, dangerous, influences but point of view somethem—that Increased delightful wholly world. seems regard to which marriage as an

annoying, bickering relationship which By LOUIS DUBLIN people holds together convention, by (Current History, Marriage is Worth Fighting June, 1931) necessity economic the and duty of

For looking after children. 'T'HE wish to live is instinctive, and

certainly, inevitable, this is not But -* the life length of our of greatest By IDA M. TARBELL

deficient except or both are one when to concern us. chief preoccupaOur (Delineator, June,

selfcontrol, 1931) in generosity humor, and is tion to outwit destructive forces large qualities in doses for needed life. cling and to early feminists, fifty "THE seventyor live are together. to people who One "lifespan"terms -1- "duraand The five years ago, bitterly resented

is trouble with marriage young a hazy life"tion different of have meanings, the prophecy that once the "man's living of notion ever afterhappily clarified. should here which Life be world"was opened to there women, still a ward, as and more one hazy span live person's a capacity means to would a follow revolution in feminine to the personal responsibility each of life. limit—-the upper individual of standards of propriety. those But who it in is It about. bringing easy to life refers Duration of to a population have lived see to the outcome must say one's should be mate what and as a expectancy of group admit that they were whole—the the wrong—do, it so easy to but decide not in life. changes are greater, even, those than to oneself. regard If live happily we belief, to there popular Contrary lines predicted—-in many conduct conin relation, any cooperative do we little increase the has or in been no sidered reprehensible in is the 1880 it watchfulness, through selfcorrec- lifespan. individuals not As do we accepted thing today. early Those tion, the helping and of each other live did years longer they than many feminists believed emancipation to at points. create a weak happy To life inago, the of duration but has mean only the right of to women go family, there be readjustment, must last in creased greatly the century, college, to practice medicine, sell bonds, discipline selfsacrifice, and for and to the,sanitary due application of vote, office. hold did inThey not a girl this price modern many seems science. has not This about"come clude the in changes social habits which all high. too through centenarians, or making more have followed.

is the Marriage deal is said, A great emanciamong institution pated women, about the in existence—andmost successful onesononogenarians,people through butthebydangerousbringing moreyears standcial double

this strong reason infancy for the of view is childhood. and The duraard for of morals men and women

is, recognition tion of the pull of life today, eighteen which years home something resent, which they bitterly.

They do not seem to realize that there has on both children and adults. Think more than it was a century ago. About are some men with high standards, of Christmas—whatever it brings, its one hundred years ago the expectation

is life in the of fortyone years home. Happiness was (in Engjust as there are some with heart women

; toreigns the parts land family be of can and America) when 1880 by ones; low that in and men women

grief increased gether; so. to it had it cannot fortythree be years; when there exists, both in varying degrees,

it Is life the fifty not happiness of family years far by 1900 was and now, to be the desire for the thing its it is in defeats dissatisfactions? fiftynine above 1931, between and and call iswe in sense no sure,purity—which years. sixty silent, This development, children Curious look repression, upon how a clean, but reverent attibecause is so gradual, the probably the a place can they where tude toward tendencies are which nathome—as greatest single contribution which has protected, be happy, things tural where and but must be governed. The to life. been made modern right. should be authorities Collegemodern young seems to overwoman

look the daring dream which has ever say that their problem girl and boy To appreciate this change, it is led men and to harness women appetites their happyis veryhome,often wherethe onethe idealsfrom ofan theirunnecessaryof it has tocomenoteduringthat thethegreaterlast thirtypart in order to achieve the highyears, this being the period applyof shattered. child were est manhood and A of childhood womanhood

scientific ing the truths disease about loses its faith in it something haswhich they believe beings cahuman pable. believed beautiful and stable; and which were discovered during the peMan, not woman, has led in the nothing will produce a morbid, emriod preceding. Such men as Pasteur,

and Behring brilKoch their von and bittered state surely of mind morefight to this preserve ideal. has He liant pupils, belonged last the to quar- a than the wherein home makers havebeen honest in that his admitting

ter of century, it the 19th but took frankly admitted defeat given and is uphardest job to keep his higher nafor their time theories teachings and the of success in their hope underture being from throttled his by lower to seep into general practice; medical taking. set he has out to win, with—and the and organization of governmentthe a help of are is It matters the a These which woman. fundawomen

is healthdepartments comparativelymental idealism in take of today men, and must tomorrow and women new. help it tomust their into hold strong they hands. up. Are

gains the thirty of past The years to are regard going a great family as There and home womany young a under come few headings. major are notion, like old are an today or they going to heroine themen who

is first life, conservation The infant of holdof the to ancient of big and the touching dream "Main Street"—never at for the this beginning of centuryheights and or depths of of that dream they men maswhich women—the five of out every one babies died undercriticize; a tering nature; dual the of a imitating the dream young women the age a of year—generally throughsophistication relation steadily age, of which middle human grows when faulty nutrition. less than Now thetwenty through years in years beauty, serenity from they will be now seven out every of die hundred theimitating satisfaction? the and innocence of youth, and first year, localities and many havenever the real knowing of meaning call life, for selfex- freedom We rate as the as low percent. four Thiseither. pression, but not get do we them [Continued page on 554]

.

r DS/fr-H n B,By ADAH R. NAYLOR U

Summer Foods should be Different from Winter Foods

cold drinks. salads or for us cerused bringsEACH season has its own especial mouth thermos jug which may be Toasted Sandwiches and charm, and each picnic can be Salad the evening for Plans benefits, joys and pleasures. tain

is it cool and while early joys of summer are made the many simple meal conoutdoorAmong is Boil progress. in morning work vegetables. the toasted and overthe fruits sandwiches the AVERYsists of

stand jackets their and in potatoes salad. a fire a of the Take cup and fresh, unus provide gardens Our or beans, peas cool. String aside to jar cheese, a of bread, loaf of some are since they vegetables, andwithered cooled, boiled, also cauliflower be can of a small package butter and peanut flavor have they more naturallygrown dressing French and with then mixed cheese between of plenty bacon. Put than content vitamine higher aand ice ready a jar in in the placed box the place slices between bread, of two the during the market sold onthose vegeIf prefer the salad. family for broiler toaster or the wire leaves of picked are not fruitswinter. Our the in tables they cooked can be hot sides the over both on and brown trees and the sunripen ongreen, but is"and then "as taken oven, Dutch fire. the Nothing of camp embers they, and intended, nature asvines

fire. of Best the reheated over taste camp as ever did a kitchen in made should vegetables, the withtogether

all, corn the green can cooked be on good! abundance. in eaten benow

crisp the and First bacon cook in 7 the minabout husks spot—boil thereof, season the in herb "Every pieces bread then spread of two I brown, utes. this was, cooked Corn way

thereof; season the fruit in everyand placing before butter and peanut with a sure, favorite dish Mt. Olymon am prudence 'with and all used to be strips together or one two add them pus. along bit or of a Take hamthanksgiving."toaster in place wire the bacon, of for the frying also potatoes, bacon

toast over the fire. Piping hot and are heating rich in proteins Foods to fine an mince onion fry with and

are delicious. they great any needed in are notfoods and the it potatoes in (cook minutes a few

the summer hot duringquantity fat the the before potatoes are added) relaxabring days hotmonths. The

jar of jam and some bread comCup Salads our A slow bodies and downtion to our are always good lessening iactivities, therebyphysical refreshing plete the meal. f\ELATINE* but they aresaladsespecially foods. But eat of heavy needour

we must, and the hot and tired housein summer time. They make a splenpicnic did predish as they can be problem the with is confrontedwife

filled,in 'the pared with morning, |that will give mealsof preparing summertime comfort to herself and fruits or vegetables, put in individual family. paper cups and placed in the ice box

to chill. They are easily carried and

with a puff of salad dressing on top

Picnics can be eaten from the cup, doing away

hot enjoying is a way of are dishes fancy There which manyTHERE with the necessity of extra dishes.

it's "just weather. When too are picnic, nice for a if the party but

hot to cook,"one of the best and entire family is to enjoy eating outeasiest things to do is to take the ofdoors, only the simplest foods family to the canyon, the seashore, or should be prepared.

a shady spot by the roadside, for a supper picnic. This doesn't mean

that you are to spend hours making Summer Vegetables fancyinnumerable is sandwiches—but, vegetable a delicious

well, know do you anything that.REENbut is cornoften tough and dry made

tastes as cooked as food good cooking. prolonged young outof- by When it fun? isn't cookingdoors? And is sufficient tender 5 minutes and for

Every family should own a Picnic boiling on the cob—without husks.

Box. It should be kept intact and in

a condition to use at a moment's Cornin-Husks notice. It must contain an iron or

wire grill, (get one out of an old REMOVE outer husks—turn back

stove) a longhandled wire toaster; the inner husks and remove any

a ilong handled frying ipan; long-: discolored kernels and worm eaten

handled wire corn popper; (for roastspots. Then fold back inner husks

ing weiners) several wire forks; Dutch and tie with a thread. Place in

oven; tin cups, plates, and a wide [Continued on page 564]

To My Grandmother's God's Etching Summer

Portrait Merling D. Clyde Grace Ingles Frost

river, the trees hills a colorless by willow in down of A By Bee Forsyth MASS world, THE their verdure bend of weight the plain runs With away, wet Where low; stands sky out ABlue opaque on an but a picture on the nothing YOU'RE branches trail their a, sweeping long close day. raindrenched of wall. They At

Yet your young, serious lips and eyes are Darkcupped its little hollows lie In plash of the waters soft flow.

flurried Whitesplotched snow, all with

, valley, rests the heat haze over A I jcircling in had. content Nestling ever have arms You grandma The

gold, pure of rays hold sun more But ridges Cedarfringed throw. know,

branches outspreading of great arms go. it called to plain, And here, I the Densely hedges dripping you were Before came

bold. and deep Oast more shadows more I play leaden sky, lots Outlined I'm alone, of times on when But

loveliness in bluewhite Day, Vibrant of a Bygone you, That O Lady black alive your long to wear God's etching hung to Are still dry. TheBreathewhiteforthtrumpeta heavybloomsperfume;of catalpa

frock Chinese walls of a Pagoda The is rustles walk taffeta, the Sometime, you that whitehot day when when Of roses abloom. fragrant with lit, Are

rose I'll scent wild of eyes cooled a subtle be and wafts by it. And close my

garden, the bees vested leaves—haunt Gold

lay, so delicate it almost grieves -*X<S5toned a busy HummingA scent

Dried in a tiny, painted china jar And out in the fields other toilers

Grandfather gave you when he went to You Are tossing, in stacks, new mown hay.

war I'm sure, if you should call some bright Elsie Petersen 'Tis summer, the days of the workers, spring day, The playtime of loiterers too, are over of labor hours you When should That I know you, and I'd smile for the you? season 7 SilverSAW stars sprayed the night. Is summer land say,

"Grandmother dear, why did you leave I met you so soon? Treeruffed pool, moonbeam bright.

(Yes, isn't it a lovely afternoon?) I won you

Won't you sit down? Take off your And dreamed of rainbow'd rain, Home

bonnet, too. I lost you

I'm Bessie's oldest daughter. How are Dim moon, black pool, blind pain! Annza Grossman

you! A LWAYS, all times I can go home to

work, do il my > 4tJSSfca* Cross - Stitch is not a house to me; For home

Apart Ardyth Kennelly Home is the quiet of my mind.

Nell Lovell SPREAD your skirts and sit beside me, Home issweetthis dreamand happythat makes my work

Mary Kate. Starrimmed with beauty,

thoughts soar out Talk of books and pictures and your Soft with light and dreams,MY Like wings of eagles strong, Quimper ware, For home is the changeless love of work.

Nor nest at eve, they journey on; Talk of your blue linen and your lilac

And from my heart tree, So have I builded, so I move,

A plaintive, longing cry And I shall watch the light upon your And earth has ceased for me its sorrowing

Finds echo ever, on hope's distant shore. shining hair. Long since.

Miles and mountains, Fold your hands and sit beside me, I go serene, untouched

Forest, stream and plain. Mary Kate. And undismayed by anything,

Gray stretches drear, and cities vast, Tell me of the cashmere shawl and your Because no matter where I am in peace I can work. go and home gown, pink distance is no bar!Are now between—dim

I throat, shall kiss love, your And thought every my your stronglift love, the high of mind's The red last. and your mouth. will loveAndI have hold,

the cheek your where on shadow And is spirit's peace, inner whose work The—*KfGjtS—lashes curl your down. glow.

West Lands sci'eJji'N*- Vesta P. Crawford Thoughts are Sweet Birds

TURING me a breeze from the west lands Claire S. Boyer

-LJ Fresh from a red, ragged gorge,

Brushed from the tip of a riven pine, THOUGHTS are sweet winging birds

From the twig of a clinging brush! that light,

After uncertain quiv'ring flight,

Bring me a breeze from the west lands, In welcoming branches of the soul;

Damp from a flooded wash, Whirled from the clayclogged waters, Sweet singing birds that build a nest

Warmed by the driedoff rocks! On the souls quickresponding breast,

Happy to know a sunlit goal;

Bring me a breeze from the west lands,

From a place that's dry and hilly, Sweet clinging thoughts that recreate

Sweet from the white of a flower face, New thoughts that sing and soar and mate

From the mottled segolily! And help to build life's perfect whole.

CHURCH MUSIC COMMITTEE

Is it Possible to Organize and Maintain a Choir in Every Ward

long ago a member of the Church some of its best and most lastveloped? Is it progress to be comNOTChurch Music Committee was ing music, particularly hymns. pelled to admit that as our people

stopped on the street by one of the In those early days these were in receive better training in music and best known semiprofessional singers, most cases the only music teachers in allied subjects they are correspondingly one who has had much experience in their respective communities and it more lethargic toward something that the music life of our largest comwas natural that where the people has always been an outstanding feature munity and who has done much singlonged for musical contact and exin our religious activity? It would

ing with professional and amateur orpression they would crowd to these be regrettable to feel that such is the ganizations. The lady asked this and would support them in all their case. Yet in one of the largest wards

question: "When are you coming up music undertakings. Such participaof one of the leading stakes in the very

to our ward and tell us how to get tion resulted in two things: constantly center of cultural advantages of the

our music going? I am sick and tired increasing inspiration and ambition, Church we find it impossible to orof hearing nothing but soprano in our and growing standards and proficiency. ganize and maintain a choir.

meetings, when we ought to have a It was this type of activity that acThere is not a ward in the entire choir and good fourpart singing."counts for the rapid development in Church in which it would be imposThe lady is a member of one of the desire and appreciation that were exsible to organize and maintain a good

most active wards, in a section of a pressed in the old Social Hall, the choir providing the ward leaders and city that boasts of wellto-do people, Salt Lake Theater, the Tabernacle orthe people have the proper affirmative fine chapel, people who are able to gan, etc. attitude toward choirs, and leadership

is is opportunthe luxuries established. suchenjoy and leadership Musical life circle our But and of contacts

isities certain of as a amount enough, attitude go with affirmative nor are in changing. that condition From

thataffluence, she complained yet takes less and exboth. But to find compelled our notsufficient—it were which we

a for choirthis pert leadership had had no ward succeed can further unoutlet in the organizations of our able to did seem inspiringlong not attitude time and than expert leadlocalities respective to der we have come in interest either ershipfind will anyone had attitude under go who an of rather seek one outside wherein we ability to oreven negation. ormaintaining It one reflection a be would locality findthings, those of our for

it suggestedganize us one. to was that upon admit When people our have ing like that excitement, bear the new

proposition, the takethat she of hold irresponsible become so their in conthe If over went mountain. bewe

is trainfitted wellfor she ception by which use and of in music worship lieve is a in that a choir a deward positive she experience,ing that was are and they wilful in their neglect thing, accept the can conand she sirable that It refusal. developedin her of it, are actually or to opposed dition discussion indicative as under

is because it this try also to not do workwould it; anything but commendable of the choirs the attitude at toward

if the the toward lethargyof people of their higher training should draw time, present certainly atshould we felt she could thata choir, she and them away supporting from those discover to if possible tempt cause the failtask of face the humiliating agenciesnot that are intended to provide this attitude. of

ure. She could not be dissuaded from music for worship. We would rather

her negative attitude, and if anything If under the adverse early condibelieve that there has been a gradual is done for music in that ward it will tions our people were able to mainchange in attitude along with other have to be done by someone else. tain choirs of high excellence, should changes that are products of the times,

It is remembered that in the past We not now possess the constituents and that the whole proposition of when conditions were far less propiout of which the best amateur choirs music in our worship has been taken tious than now our people could show to be found anywhere might be detoo much for granted. Also, it may

fine choirs all over the Church, even be that our leadership is changing.

in isolated communities. It might Certain it is that we can have no choir

be argued that this was the result of where there is no leadership. Recently

their very isolation, and was due in a successful stake chorister, one, by the no small measure to the fact that they way, who has been a ward chorister, were compelled to provide their own was asked what he considered the first outlet for selfexpression. That is requisite for a ward choir, and without

true. Also, it can be admitted that any hesitation he replied, "A leader

the influx of talent from the old world who is not afraid to work, and who during the early days of our history will not become discouraged."

gave us man/ men and women who Surely with our increased advantages had been schooled in rigid discipline and more universal training we should as far as music, and particularly rebe able to have the finest choirs that ligious music, was concerned, and that we have ever had in the history of it was due oftimes to some of these the Church. Here is a matter that

that such fine standards were mainpresiding authorities in wards and tained. Numbers of these persons stakes might well make a topic for

composed excellent music and many special consideration. It will be noted

times were under the necessity of writthat those wards which can show the ing their own music if they were to greatest success in Sacrament meetings have any at all, thus giving to the as a rule have competent, active choirs.

IPIRJI All MelchizedekESTHOODPriesthood material is prepared under QUORUMSthe direction of the Council of the Twelve;

/""V and all Aaronic Priesthood material is prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric. "v

Work With Older, Inactive or offend him. The appointment is attempt to give a complete definition

Members of Aaronic andnot theto missionarybe made unnecessarilywork is not topublicconofwhatthislengthyword explanation.would requireNeverthe-a somePriesthood sist of preaching. The primary object less, it refers to a condition in which

is is to the to have appointed all part. grandfathers man a who have we Our cooperation the of Mel-'THROUGH establish the missionary do teams. work to journey were with happy ox chizedek the quorums bishwith \ a friendly result confidence will which fathers conditions with Our improvedoprics of the various in wards Mt. association. in kind of the use the horse spring of some This and wagon.

stake,Ogden effort is systematic being is association result to ultimately in the automobile have and come Now tomade interest promote the acand invitation to an the living airplane. to the deacon conditions attend Our tivity older, of inactive members of the neighborly steps gatherings misad- these have in with kept pace with the Aaronic Priesthood, in that order sionary, institusocials educational then and vancement. and ward Our they go forward may enjoy the and activities eftions shorter interest other as finding are the the of and more blessings that follow increased devois fective stimulated. gradually teaching. If deacon the of waystion. letter a In to the Presiding Bishis interested last adult the deacon developments of to few enough Theopric Elder from Jr., Reeder, H. W. a attend to will point the out meeting, seem months he quorum waychairman the of high council com- a activity to to invited attend the be pronounced program more of meetingsmittee that of stake, the is plan exfor the the to of boys and the missionary young which quorum menplained as follows:

is orbelongs. is suffiinterest a divine Church. his Church The When "Last night at the meeting the of ciently ganization. enlivened Priesthood been has the will deacon The bestake presidency and high council of It restored to earth. elder gives or will opporan an he made be ordainedthe stake Mount Ogden letter your soservice spirittunity to office for unsurpassed other in suitable his some toliciting suggestions with respect to Lesbenefit. ual interests age, value take activities. and not the and Why Byser Priesthood read. work was All is it these if advantage opportunities? of is a that way, deacon foundpresent were of the opinion that I is primarily to associate too old movement new The normally withshould write this letter you explaining elders, designed to instead help the of elder asof young being men an activityan recently outlined in our great see the their to opporto signed Church exchange an will him bestake which consider we to be conof their tunities spiritual for advancement seventies the priests'made with high orsiderable importance. attainto for prepare high and them this quorums, will and be done under "In stake our there are a number life, effects in will ments the of direction the is which the It bishop. of notof grown men, some of them of maeternity. into reach not should that this intended shall relieve We workture age, have who advanced no to lines content the be of the his move on bishop of responsibility the tohigher than the Aaronic Priesthood. least resistance easy or the but way, Aaronic Priesthood in members anyIn instances many these take men no raise a ourselves to condition sense of mind the of that word, but the quointerest in affairs Church if and, an that against fortify ourselves we may the rums of Melchizedek Priesthoodinterest were aroused, refuse would to inactivity instead enthusiand assist shall become a in responsibility himtake interest any in the quorums of astic salgreat in the workers of plan is which probably too exbroad andthe Aaronic Priesthood. that For vation. tensive his for efficient attention."reason have we enjoined the upon assist factors that will the us of One

elders the responsibility of working is in this condition reaching music.

with adult deacons, the seventies with Advantages of Musical It is one of the most inspiring and adult teachers, and the high priests Ability encouraging developments of youth.

with adult priests. This is not work calls Daily, for the missions from come

laid is age in an the which upon HPHIS we often Melchizedek Priesthood musical play can instruments men who * hear the used. asquorums "pep"word an An independent responsiexperi- those and sing, have had who

bility, but must be only done with the in in choruses, ence organizamusical consent of the bishop and under his tions, etc. The members of the

direction. The verbal instructions are Aaronic Priesthood should not overthat the class instruction committee look this fact. There should be orof the elders'quorum shall go to the ganized in the quorums or classes glee

bishop and get a list of the adult clubs, quartets, choruses. This will

deacons from him. The officers of bring a great deal of pleasure to those

the elders'quorum, with the counsel who are enrolled and active in quorum and recommendation of the bishop, work and is one of the prime needs in shall select the best man in the quorum our missionary service. We therefore

to do the service required with respect appeal to those who are training the to a certain adult deacon. This is young men in the Aaronic Priesthood

true with respect to the other quoto give special attention to those who rums. may be musically inclined so that our

"The aim is that the most suitable young men going out in the missions and advantageous service shall be renwill be properly qualified to render dered to each adult member of the this important part of Church missionAaronic Priesthood so as not to affront ary work.

MUTUAL MESSAGES Executive Department General Superintendency General Presidency

Y. M. M. I. A. General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. Y. L. M. I. A.

47 East South Temple Street George Albert Smith, Ruth May Fox,

R. Lyman, Richard Cannon, Grant Offices General Y. L. M. I. A. Lucy

J. Ballard, Melvin A. Beesley, Clarissa 33 Bishop's Building

Executive Secretary: SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH, General Secretary:

Oscar A. Kirkham Elsie Hogan

The Annual June Conference

sage imporoutstanding interest and one of was encouragement. PIONEER TRAILS PROGRAM

SisterOF tance to the leadership and memLucy Grant Cannon, first 3:30 P. M. 2 TO

bers of the Mutual Improvement Assocounselor in the Young Ladies'Orciations throughout the Church was ganization and representing the presiSuperintendent George Albert Smith the Annual June Conference, held at dency, endorsed Brother Smiths represided at the afternoon session which

City, 12,Salt Utah, 13 marks, expressed Lake on the and her appreciation to the was devoted the of memory close at the for June. of the 14 opportunityand Coming extended to her Pioneers. Appropriate songs and

I. successful Sister unusuallyof an A. by to voice the M. greeting Fox features dramatizations the the were of

season, enthusiasm the and for and was high, welcome her and other memearly after part of tfie program( wh i ch visitors bers of delegateshundreds and of the General Board. talks, short ably iven> followed Our two

contacts the sessions sinceregathered and most from all is for wish address, the aroused the main enthat this by help conference daysof the three and be much to profitable may the most thusiasm of the audience awakand inspire them in their plans and preparaone ever held We want to cooperate ened in them a new sense of appreciayear's fortion program, with you. the coming servants, are your We tion forebears courageous c f their and

Sister turning they are said.toward which Cannon She now still also exthe debt Speakers owing them.

their attention. pressed thanks for the splendid reand their subjects were as follows:

the sponse theme, Based "Teaching with upon stake which and ward j -m.The theReligion all Proworkers A. Through J. meet requests M. of made. r-Co*P*n"s;:-T7—Ruth May Fox ---------PresidentHandc%u the slogan them, emphasizing andgram,"assured it and that them was n Preserving Trails Western for Physical, for 1 93132, most gratifying Stand to see the earnest "We and

Mental, and Spiritual Health through wholesouled work of M. I. A. officers. George Q. Morris

Observance of the Word of Wisdom,""We know the value of team work Our Pioneer Heritage the Conference was colored by the and organization,"she concluded, Hon. Charles R. Mabey

spirit of religion, uplifting and in- "and want the Mutual Improvement A congregational song, "For the spirational in its effect upon those who organizations to be complete and in Strength of the Hills,"followed by had come, many of them long distances, running order always. The M. I. A. the benediction offered by President

to find the incentive to spur them on is an organization of opportunity and Elias S. Woodruff of the Western

to sincere and unfaltering effort in the service. Happy is the person who finds States mission concluded this inspiring

Mutual Improvement cause. work to do therein."session.

The subject, "M. I. A. Music"was

Executive DepartdiscussedCornwallbyandMusicEvangelineDirectorsT.J. Beesley,Spencer RECEPTIONSALTAIRAND OUTING AT

ment withillustrations.many excellent suggestions and As in years past, the M. I. A. outing

Formal presentation of the Slogan at Saltair was one of unique interest

General Sessions for the coming season 193132—and great enjoyment. Following aFriday, June 12th—9 to 12 a. m. was made, and excellent discussions reception by the General Boards, comgiven by members of the General munity singing, supper and a program

'""PHE first meeting of the conference Board. The Slogan as Pertaining to were the order of the occasion. As

* was held in the Assembly Hall, Youth was treated by Dr. Herbert the distinctive feature of the evening,

with Superintendent George Albert B. Maw, while a summary was made the contest in dancing, "The Gold and

Smith and President Ruth May Fox by Dr. George R. Hill, Jr. The Green Centennial Waltz,"was staged

presiding. Following the opening Slogan as Pertaining to Adults was upon the great dance floor of the

songs and prayer, Superintendent presented by Dr. Arthur L. Beeley, pavilion, and the sight of fourteen

Smith delivered his annual message of the summary being made by Dr. F. S. young couples, appropriately dressed

welcome and appreciation to those asand perfectly trained in the difficult sembled, and expressed his gratitude The culminating feature of the sestechnique of this beautiful M. I. A.

at the privilege which was his of assion was an address by President Heber dance formed a neverto-be forgotten sociating with such an earnest, pur- J. Grant, followed by music and the picture. General dancing concluded the

poseful group of leaders. His mesbenediction. pleasant sociability of the event.

548 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

Executive Session in mankind, in the work they do, nals were arranged in a manner to it possible for everyone to see Saturday, June 13 th andLeadersin theirmustassociates.know where they are makeall events. Beginning at 2:00 o'clock

THE Saturday morning session of going, must be able to see the whole in the afternoon, all finals in the * the conference was in nature a problem, and they must have clearly Retold Story of the Vanguard and in Girls'mind effective methods of solving Junior general held, department one, for were and Ward Stake Exit. finals. followed ecutive Officers, Special by Drama Era Publicity and Directors, Community Activity leaders, The successful leader has sympathy musical selections made the session one

and Music Directors assembled together for the imperfections of his associates. of unusual interest, and a splendid

for the first period, for opening exerTo criticise the group spoils its morale. audience gave evidence of the fact

cises and a discussion of Era and PubThe views and wishes of associates that the activities of the M. I. A.

licity, after which all directors of the should receive careful, (Sympathetic, are commanding more and more atlatter were excused to adjourn to a patient consideration. Ever ready to tention as they draw larger numbers

meeting of their own, while Secretaries give credit, the leader should ever have into participation and increase in exwho had met in department session sympathy also for merriment and cellence.

laughter. that does give not Humor during first the joined hour larger the evening event in The offense solve delicate may problems.group. the finals programmed in and Men theMTabernacle unimportant Even questions are enprogram, The based largely upon Gleaner Speech, Orchestra, Ladies'titled to an efforts answer, feeble and the Community Activity Committee Chorus, Male Chorus, Mixed Double at originality deserve encouragement. for thework coming year, diwas Quartet the and presentation of awards is a Health asset strong to him into vided who topics discussed and Genby all in activities. will Winners be leads. food, Proper exercise, ample eral Board as members follows: later. announced sufficient rest, plenty of threeyearThe program sleep—these

enable the leader to practice selfcon- Dr. E. E. Ericksen

The Tuesday Evening Program.—trol, to walk with an elastic step, and Joint Officers'Meeting

exhibit enthusiasm. Clarissa Beesley to A.

real The leader makes good; he Sunday, 8:00 to 10:45 a. m.Contest Work W. O. Robinson

Round Table Discussion does not have to make excuses. He

theme of the avoids repeating mistakes. conference, FHE Oscar A. Kirkham x "Teaching Religion leader Every the should cultivate a ThroughExecutive Leadership in the I. A. M.

I. M. A. pleasant Program"personal bearing, was emphasized greet. should Dr. Richard R. Lyman at this session, introduction fellowworkers a smile, with the of the take Details of the discussed work under subject being greatest given pains Oscar never by to Kirkembarrass, A. and first,the four headings are given in ham, executive all under secretary conditions civil. of the be Y.the M. for Handbook this year, together

I. A. M. and discussion is dignity Modest President by an advantage.with additional material to printed be Ruth M. of the familiarity Fox Undue Ladies'leader, weakens Young thein the Improvement Era. summary A while a respect proper associates forof Brother organization. Lyman's talk appears herestrengthens him. Loyalty to superiorswith: Sister Fox introduced her remarks brings respect subordinates. from the with question, constitutes "What

leader succeeded One because "he religion,"Executive Leadership and in gave in answer the dicthe ten had friends."thousand made He tionary definition, i"The act outward I. M. A. friends those of as were well who or form by which indicate their men as those were not who in employed dependsCUCCESS leadership, upon recognition of the existence of a God his institution. Affection, The measure not comof leader is any or the Gods having over their power despulsion,efficiency a makes great of organization. the organization tiny, leads. he to obedience, whom service and

leadsHe has the who greatest honor are due,"and then called attenability Contest Finals to the tion to one the fact who that Joseph Smith, organize—notbestcan Saturday, 7:30 p. do 9:00 to m. most with his the hands, but own Prophet, had incorporated intohe can direct who the efforts the a religion of first the of the in time Latterday history the COR Saints

thousand. *- the principle contests I. in of of the fibeing honest, the true, A. M.

leader The should devote himself chaste, to benevolent, in and doing gooda study of plans and methods. to all When men. She repeated the declaraiseach carrying his share, the tion work the of Apostle James, that "pure

is easy, the light. burden religion undefiled and before and God In selecting leaders, qualifications is the this, Father visit to the fatherlessought to be considered. can't You the and in widows their affliction and

amake dancing master out of crip- a to keep himself unspotted the from ple. Those lead who are born with world,"Christ's and definition, "That

'"MiSlSN* - Oat*leadership. If this natural endowment live should man every by that word

is not pronounced, study and hard proceedeth out of the of mouth God."work may make the up deficiency. it said She that an for was honor

Leaders should think out effective any to person be to asked expound plans, definite make assignments, then these doctrines to the the youth of check up to see that the duties assigned Church, and stressed the necessity for are well performed. a teacher to qualify himself for so

Successful leaders must lead in kinddoing. In addition to studying, she

ness, but they must have the courage stated that there was another requisite to be giving just. Without offense, ideals the standand—understandingthey should drop loafers the from living ards of the Church closely and

service. They should relish difficult iff;.Iff. to them to invite the companionship

tasks. They should assume responsiof the spirit of the Lord, for a teacher

bility and avoid worry by being prein the M. I. A. is helping the Heavenly

pared. Father to instil into the minds of

—faithFaith inandProvidence,optimism theyin themselves,must have hispel. children the principles of the GosThe Improvement Era for July9 1931 549

She brought up the question, someconsideration of their specific problemstimes asked, as to whether activities CommunityActivity took place.

are in reality a part of religion, and "Spirit and Objectives of the Imanswered in the affirmative, explaining Department provement Era,"was discussed by that the improvement of our GodHugh J. Cannon and Elsie T. Brandgiven endowments is a fundamental Recreation Institute ley, managing and associate editors

axiom of the Gospel, and that the Thursday, June 11th of the magazine. The "When andM. I. A. has accepted their assignment How of Organization"was presented

in that spirit. by Chairman George fol- Q. Morris, preceding the day on BEGINNING lowed pointers by a few ->n "Selling Examples and illustrations to show the proper, the conference Comthe Era,"given Giles, by John D.that singing dramatic and and dancing leaders of the Activity Church munity

of the general Era and Publicity in Biblical days,art were Comand known institute a recreation to were welcomed were pleasing unto the Lord were held under the direction of the General mittee. George A. Christensen of Ensign Stake (27th explained ward)given, others of later and Instruction Boards. and demonstrain securing methods quotd the Era tations the Doctrine from date—quoand Covetions in Dancing, their Music, Drama,

nants and the life of the Prophet JosSpeech and Story were given, national in one week. Following these talks

eph. She concluded with the thought experts in some lines being present. a general discussion was opened, in

that the problem is not so much one A good attendance and hearty particithe course of which many questions of what is taught as how it is taught, pation in the work of the day marked and problems were brought up and and suggested that a fine spirit of rethe occasion as being one of unusual suggestions offered fir their solving.

subjects—ligion goesif handthe teacherin handwillswithit so,manyand value and enjoyment.

the statement, closed with the "All Adult Department beauties for of nature the Business (Session were made study and appreciation of God's chilSaturday, June 13 th Special Session dren, culture, for their refinement and 9:00 TO 12:00 A. M. Saturday, June 13—9 to 12 a. m. happiness, to the end that Zion may

be crowned with the glory of God, /COOPERATING with the Execu- 'TTHE business and program of the * for out Adult Department of her shall come the perfecwas taken up Activity Community tives, the tion careful given of beauty."consideration at this presented Department at and their work

The meeting was then turned over the general session outlined in the session, and a general feeling of satisfor the bearing of testimonies, and Executive Department of these mesfaction resulted.

the officers responded with the spiritual sages. Community Activity CommitFollowing opening music and

fervor characteristic of those whose tees were also vitally interested in the prayer, the various subjects were inenergy and interest are being devoted outing at Saltair, as well as in all controduced and treated in the following to the work of the Master. Many tests, but since the chairmen of these order and by the individuals named:

inspirational talks were given, and a committees are executive officers, the Courses of Study for 193132 spirit of unity and peace prevailed. general conduct of these affairs was Dr. Lyman L. Daines

in their hands. Brief reports will Dr. L. W. Oaks

Sunday, 2:00 p. m. be found in the Executive Department. The Recreation Program

Charlotte Stewart The afternoon meeting was held Joint Citizenship Project under the direction of the First Presi-—-.. Dr. Arthur L. Beeley

dency of the Church, with music by Era and Publicity Reading Course Anne M. Cannon

the great Tabernacle Choir. The Women's Separate Work

y Lucy W. Smith visiting delegates were proud and Department

grateful for the opportunity of hearing Results of a questionnaire sent to their leaders speak. Saturday, June 13th Adult leaders had been tabulated and

were presented by Axel A. Madsen.

practical demonSunday, 7:30 p. m. "COLLOWINGJsession of thisthe date,9 o'clockthe directorsgeneral strationThere offollowedrecreationala activities for

Under the direction of the Vanof Era and Publicity were excused to adults, led by Miss Stewart, after guard, Junior, Scout and BeeHive hold a meeting li their own, where a which an open discussion on problems departments was the evening meeting of Adult work was conducted by Dr.

on Sunday, held at the Tabernacle. Franklin S. Harris, and a summary

Of a spiritual nature, depicting in made by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill.

picture and song the Glorified Youth Community singing and the benedicwhich Latterday Saints should be, tion concluded this interesting session.

the session was one of uplift and (Details of the talks given, and suginspiration, and the message sank deep gestions for the department are to be into the hearts of all present. Second found in the Adult Manual for the

Asst. Supt. Melvin J. Ballard gave season of 193132.)

the address introductory to the presentation, and with the enthusiastic spirit is characteristic which as of him a man - Gleaner M Men Apostle, and an a clarion he sounded call to youth and to the leaders of Department youth. Appropriate music marked the

proceedings. Joint Session

(The details of the pictorial presenSaturday, June 13th will tation be published in the August 9 to 1 p A. M.

the issue of Era, that Improvement stakes and wards may present a similar 'T'HIS session, conducted by Chairdemonstration locally if they so de- * men Herbert B. Maw and Grace

sire). C. Neslen, was well attended. Brother

550 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

Maw presented the general objectives and after five years of work as a superover should exercise franchise at all of the department. M Men and visor after certification and registraelections and should participate in priGleaners from three wards gave threetion, a gold key will be awarded and maries and conventions.

minute talks, to which the audience after ten years of service as a super- 8. Hold annually a Churchwide

spent five minutes in responding. Mrs. visor and other qualifications, a dia- M Men convention.

Neslen discussed the joint course of mond is to be awarded in the key. 9. Establish, if feasible, a central study for the coming season—EtiThe question of how to organize M Men building which will constitute

quette, based upon the book, "The the school, securing registration of all a social, recreational, and educational

Right Thing at All Times,"and the supervisors, continuing experienced center.

meeting ended with a short demonmen in office, eliminating turnover in (Summaries of other talks given to stration of this subject. M Man supervisors and other questhe M Men leaders will appear in early

In the course of Mrs. Neslen's talk, tions, were also discussed. issues of the Era.)

she emphasized the thought that lovelyOscar Carlson presented the M Miscellaneous business occupied the behavior is an outgrowth of lovelyMen's project, and in the course of remainder of the session, the reading character, and since the M Men and his remarks voiced the following course being explained by N. G. MorGleaners of the Church had requested thoughts: gan, the Course of Study by Thomas

a course of study in etiquette it was M Men, as a project in civic ac- A. Beal, other activities by Joseph

hoped that the one provided would tivity, should acquaint themselves with F. Smith, and Master M Men by one

prove enjoyable and helpful to the various phases of government unof the M Men Committee. It was felt,

them. In explaining the course, she der which they live and endeavor to from the gratifying interest and intellisaid, "True consideration for others appreciate and understand the probgent consideration of the problems preis the underlying principle upon which lems in connection therewith. In no sented, that the work in the M Men

all politeness is based. Selfconscious- more effective way could they enhance Department for the season of 193132

ness, doubt, awkwardness and timidity their civic responsibility. This genshould reach a new level of excellence.

are foes to success. The little things eral proposition will receive ready eninfluence in life exert upon a mighty but, at the dorsement, same time a Gleaner Separate Session ability achieve as results in to to procedure. our any question be raised may

field."Anticipating such question it is sugSaturday, June 13th

gested that the following method be 10 to 12 A. M.

pursued: Session Separate of one session M Men was Gleaner Men THE 1. M enthusiasm, interest and marked 13th June Saturday, visit public

Gleaner work of presentation the officials—town,or their committeescity, and A. M. 10 TO 12 state. county, and

Board General year, by next for coresponsibility Discuss and (a) every phase of met was members, M PRACTICALLY Committee Gleaner offiits public operation and between presented ably and was work Men ready a response and delightful with cials. their meeting at discussed thoroughly leaders the cooperation spirit of by current probpublic Ascertain (b) Ball "Basket morning. Saturday on the Introduced assembled. by there lems. of subject the Athletics"was and Gleaning,"for Field subject, "The orto (c) back Report Men M C. Warner's Alma C. Homer Neslen, Grace C. Chairman handled by ganization. Leaders'the explained MenClayton session included the of talk.M the program different the functions of 2. Learn Course. Training course the of work. part The every ofof branches and government how direction of Werner the Under dehistory in was study Church of ficials elected. should are study This to contemplated a program Kiepe new title "Events the given, lightfully under offivisiting of in the be with woven the through the work develop Men Inspiration,"of the Source of M cials, therediscussions reports the Past—a and supervisors ofimprovement Men Margaret and M G. Smith Martha by on. that explained It discussed. waswas out in brought they Wells, which N. current 3. discussion of group Have to train is I. prepared the A. now M. points. interesting many interesting governor immediately schools in which Supervisors MenM this questions. connection In mental in that purpose for organized bewill OF STUDY COURSE GLEANER encouraged. be should open forum the districts in Church. variousthe

4. Interview candidates for office oi Church of the Brief History of school was for four nights "AA plan

report. by disand Saints,"outlined. to be of Latterday Subjectsbriefly Christ Jesus

cussed at the school, dealing with the 5. Have public officials talk to M the late Edward H. Anderson, will

supervision of the various activities of Men on matters of current interest provide Gleaner class discussions foi duties of relate to the official that is history methods, teaching were: 193132. the year The Men,M be talks should speaker. These and a better reprinted methods, knowlthe with comments andcoaching being

as and to invite questions so conducted psychology. outlines supplemented by Ezra C.edge Men of M discussion on the part some provoke supervisor training the Dalby. with Alongthe question of giving recognition for of the M Men group. Brother Anderson, in preparing this

approved work by supervisors was 6. Study and practice parliamentary history, aimed at accuracy, as well as

outlined. Under the new program procedure. Consult "Robert's Rules completeness, as far as the limited

of that every Manit will be expected M 7. apan on Order."M Men, 21 years of age and spacetained wouldthe factsallow.from Thea largeauthornumberobwill be registeredsupervisor

proved registration blank to be filed of reliable authorities and together at Church headquarters, this registrawith his own experience has woven tion to entitle such supervisor to and sketched into the history the faith, special privileges and also to be used work, travels and persecutions of the as a basis of checking the work done Saints. In compiling the history two

each year. Progressive steps of recogaims were kept in mind: to create an

nition have been outlined so that interest in the hearts of the youth of after one year's service as a supervisor the Church in the marvelous faith, and upon successful completion of the work, toils and sacrifices of the foundwork provided at a school under the ers of this great latterday work, and direction of the General Board, such to provide for those interested in or a registered supervisor will be certified, investigating "Mormonism"a brief

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 551

yet authentic source. The history present leader of the Church, was the roe sets forth a philosophy of life

covers the period of time from the first one born in the valleys of the which might be summed up in the birth of the Prophet Joseph Smith and mountains, and of him Sister Smith words of Mrs. Wiggs of the cabbage

the rise of the Church to the year said: "President Grant's life is full of patch. "In the mud and slime of

1920. testimonies that God lives and answers things, something always, always

Sister Wells described the spiritual prayers, that Joseph Smith was a sings."

darkness existing in 1930 and the prophet of God and that the Church It discusses in an attractive way desire of the boy, Joseph Smith, to is divinely established by revelation experiences which many of us recogobtain light, for which purpose he from God the Father and his Son, nize as our own and though some of presented himself before the Lord in Jesus Christ."She finished with the them may be hard the writer makes us

prayer. This prayer, answered by thought that President Grant, with us feel that near at hand is the good that

the heavenly Beings whom he saw in today, has the same power and auis to come out of it all—that by facing

vision, was the beginning of a new disthority as had the first president, and life's problems squarely and by reaspensation of the Gospel. The charall succeeding ones. Each, in his time, oning sanely, one may always find a

acter and works of the boy who behas been the Prophet, Seer and Revelaway out of the darkness into the light.

came a prophet were outlined, and tor of the great Church which he was The book is a series of chapters in the talk concluded with the expressed called upon to lead. which the author chats of a number

hope that the Gleaner Girls might In the discussion of the Project, of things, such as "Shall I marry this be blessed in their study of the great Rachel Grant Taylor said: man?""Doing Double Duty,"etc.,

history which has meant so much to "I Will Gather Treasures of Truth"and after reading what she has to say their ancestors and themselves. is to be continued as the project and one is apt to find himself feeling that

Martha G. Smith, taking up the sheaf for the Gleaner Girls during the this world is a good place in which

outline of Church History at this season of 193132. This continuato live.

point, carried her listeners through tion comes as a result of the deep Chairman Grace C. Neslen brought

the many and varied experiences of interest aroused in the project. About the meeting to a happy conclusion

the Church under different leaders, 1000 "Treasures of Truth"books with a brief talk on "Sheaves,"and from Brigham Young to the present were compiled last year, and the prospointed out that unlike the gleaners of president, Heber J. Grant. Of Brigpects are that this number will be old who could gather only the grain

ham Young she quoted, "With master multiplied many times this year. One left by the reapers, the Gleaners of

mind and hand, he stood ready at evening a month is to be devoted the M. I. A. have the whole world bethe appointed hour to grapple with to the material from these books. fore them as a harvest field, and the

the stupendous task."The story of Your success as Gleaner leaders will girls, at the height of their beautiful

the persecution of the Saints had been depend on your example in compiling young womanhood, alert and intellitouched upon by Sister Wells, and the an interesting collection of "Treasgent, efficient and resourceful, should journey across the plains, in search ures,"and your ability to inspire your be able to find life's finest treasures, of a land in which they could find a girls to gather the finest material and make them their own. She exhaven of safety, was related by Sister available. plained that each leader of girls was

Smith, as well as the description of "The books should contain the exchosen because someone in authority the colonization which stamped Presperiences, incidents and truths whose had considered her capable and willing ident Young as a mastercolonizer and motivating force has been the Gospel to put forth the effort necessary to leader. of Jesus Christ, as restored in this diswin the girls, and explained that not

The third president, John Taylor, pensation of the Fulness of Times. only ability and willingness are necesshe said, was known as the "Cham- "In the manual suggestive classifisary, but the faith to produce the

pion of Liberty"and he had for his cation of the subject matter is given inspiration to move the girls to glean motto "The Kingdom of God or nothin detail, also a suggestive outline for those things which will go with them ing."His devotion to his Church using such subject matter. through their lives as a blessing. Exand his Maker were made very real "I have here somee of the books of pressing the confidence and appreciato the audience. last year, they are from far separated tion of the General Board, Mrs. NesPresident Wilford Woodruff, stakes, and one of the missions. As len concluded her remarks.

known as "Wilford, the Faithful,"we glance them through you see the was pictured as "farmer, missionary, originality both in cover and content historian and president, beloved by a which adds interest to the collection. Vanguard

whole people.""You have in your power to inspire

President Lorenzo Snow Of assist Church the of this Gleaners she and Department devoted able, andsaid, was active, "He will be an that treasure a to create

Saints to the appeal Histo the work. inspiration to them and their chilDemonstration and Meeting marks the of tithing to observe law dren after them.

Saturday, in the Church."a distinct epoch this, Following Emily C. Adams 8 TO 8:50 F. President Joseph A. M.—June9 TO 10:3013th A. M. a brief to the introduction Smith, the presented

as described president,sixth was as Gleaners, for course "a reading book the a fact that view of Vannew easily people, approached, the j"Nfriend of follows: -* fair guard bids which program a counselor, leadera wise and man

Girl's "Singing Gleaner book The attract to the notice orof national a whose views, andof broad man in the Rain"Shannon by Anne Monganizations at introduced the conwas aroused. easily were Hesympathies

was a reflex of the best character of ference, the entire Vanguard Message the 'Mormon'people, inured to hardin the August Era will be given over ship, patient in trial, Godfearing, selfto an explanation of it, and with that sacrificing, full of love for the human plan in mind, the proceedings of the race, powerful in religious, moral, department meetings will be given here mental and physical strength. 'Under in outline only.

his direction, the Church has grown At the Deseret Gymnasium, on in power until it is accounted one Saturday morning, the new athletic of the most perfectly organized bodies events for the boys of the Church were in existence'."demonstrated—archery and vanball,

Heber J. Grant, the seventh and the new and diverting game created

552 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

especially for contests in the VanEra and there given in more detail of his people through communion guard department. At the meeting in the "Mutual Messages"under the with his Heavenly Father, forgetfuldirectly following, in association with Scout department heading. ness of self, love for his fellowmen,

the Scout Department, John D, willingness to serve, humility and obeGiles, of the Young Mens'General dience to all of God's commandments.

Board, explained the new organization plan, after which Chairman Chas. R. Junior Girls misunderstood.Seek out the girlsTheywhotoo seemhave heartsto be

perhaps are of gold. they

Scout teacher never have missed mayMabey discussedproject-—the"Historicaljoint VanguardMonu- Department Session andA

ments and Markers."Saturday, June 13th a meeting, she may have given all of

9 to 12 a. m. the lessons, but if she has not reached

Separate Session the hearts of her girls and awakened

P. department Laura In the Junior a desire for finer things she in them 13th Saturday, June of the Junior chairman Nicholson, failed. has A. 10:30 TO 12:00 the General conof Board M. Committee

exercises. Katie the Jensen ducted C. Prayer A Teacher's this session, detailed presthe

hearts the present reached of everyone planATentation of the Vanguard I would heart may be pray that my as she "Spirituof gave her message up. taken Geo.was Chairman receive inspiration open to from my R. ality,"in which she said:

Hill, Father. I desire humility, wisHeavenly Jr., gave VanLog of the "The

I strength. and know would dom possibilimy function,guard give "Friends flowers to mark Trail—its weaknesses overto and have power the own ties uses,"after which and John D. hours

ability to I seek read, reason, them. comeGiles explained E. roll, and D. as seasons changing they Hammond Of

I think observe so that and never may the athletic contest events for give, which this love live Our we by we girls I before go unprepared. pray my

earlier demonstratedwere in the mornare the Lovethoughts blossoms of I, for that understanding the reach may ing. "Developing the Reading Habit"soul."hearts of my girls. I need tolerance and

was the subject of a talk given by Dr. love that I may find the way and lead

John H. Taylor, in which a brief reAppreciation for having been called their souls to God. Bless me in my task.

view of the department reading course into M. I. A., our attitude towards ourbook for the coming season—"Larry"work, love of the work and love for Laura P. Nicholson introduced the

lessons, "Buildsubject material of the the success. necessary girls are to We disincluded.—'-was A roundtable followed ing a Life"was which by leaders the girls, the leaders of ofcussion, executives led by Scout and are

shared by the many representatives future motherhood of the world. One a class demonstration led by Grace

present, cleared up many problems, hesitates to rely upon human ability Trowbridge of Liberty Stake.

and aroused the desire and determinawhen we accept such a challenge for A break in the program was made tion on the part of boyleaders from fine leadership. We must bring light by a lively song practice of the new

all parts of the Church, to get all the and action into our work by making Junior class song.

boys of Vanguard age into the proour appeal through the hearts of the "Larry,"the reading course book, gram. girls. was introduced and reviewed, excerpts

(Watch the August Era, Vanguard If we would save a soul, we must were read and comments made by "Messages,"for further explanation). first reach a heart. Youth is sophistiEmma Goddard in a charming manner,

cated, sometimes righteously so. Edafter which Julia S. Baxter spoke

ucation and contact with a wonderful about the Junior activities mentioning

Scout Department world have made our girls so intelliparticularly the Question Box, the gent and understanding that they need Travelogue and the Junior contest

Separate Session spirituality. Drummond says, "The numbers. A few reports on the Junior

the of last given season were is a it is a work ground, play not world 13 Saturday, June field. leaders Junior the by from is Life th school not a holiday room. A. M. 10:30 TO 12:00 a closed by program was a source education."The but of broad

project of the girls the "My reach hearts the Let us of the sinceriby HARACTERIZEDf> conducted I Forget"by set the following our example by ty by has enthusiasm and which Story—Lestdramatization present Everyone S. Knowlton. Agnes greatest the teacher the the Savior, world the Scout movementmade Boy

outstanding boy program, internationhas ever known. He reached the hearts felt that it was one of the most sucally, today, the department session was cessful Junior department meetings

conducted in the Tabernacle. Subever held and that it would be most

jects of timely interest and vital imbeneficial to the stake leaders.

portance to the success of the work in ward and stake were considered, followed by appreciative response. BeeHive Girls

"Modern Pioneers,"the reading course volume for this group, was reDepartment Meeting viewed by LeRoi C. Snow. "SpirituSaturday, June 13 th

ality in Scouting"was the title of a 9 to 12 A. M.

brief address by W. Owen Woodruff.

"Contest Work"was presented by ''T'HE BeeHive Committee of the

Don C. Wood, followed by splendid -*- General Board was delighted to

suggestions on "Leadership in Scoutmeet, in informal reception, the leaders ing"offered by Ernest P. Horsley and from stakes and wards, for a few minChairman Charles R. Mabey. utes prior to the opening of the BeeThe text of the talks given as well Hive session at June conference.

as the explanations of department Song and prayer opened the meetwork, were of unusual value to leaders, ing, and the first number on the body and for that reason are deserving of of the program was the welcome exmore space than this review allows, for tended by Chairman Sarah R. Cannon

which reason the summaries will be to the visitors, in which she expressed withheld until the August issue of the her pleasure in her association with a

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 553

group of leaders of the type which the European Mission. She expressed som, will be prepared in pamphlet

BeeKeepers must be if they are to be the hope that girls of BeeHive age form, and will also appear in an early successful. Continuing, she expressed would not fail to realize the value of Issue of the Era.

her joy and gratitude for the privilege the work but would make it a power Marie C. Thomas explained the

which was hers of being connected for good in their lives. Toward this coming year's program and the dewith so vital a phase of M. I. A. end, and that of making their womanparture being made in the BeeHive

as is BeeHive work, and pointed hood and motherhood glorious, Sister Department in that no reading course out the fact that this work, which is Cannon urged the BeeKeepers to conbook nor special project is to be heavensent, is essentially of a chartinue their effort, and asked the blessrecommended. This is due to a desire

acterbuilding quality, for during the ings of the Lord upon them in so to simplify the work rather than comvery impressionable years of a girl's doing. plicate it, and cooperation with the

adolescence her feet are planted in Sister Catherine Folsom next exauxiliary organizations in their campaths which are straight and her eyes plained the new plan for the twelve paign against the use of tobacco will turned toward a worthy goal—the yearold girls who might come into take the place of a BeeHive project.

goal of beautiful womanhood and the M. I. A., and gave a brief preview The following lines by Pres. Ruth

honored motherhood. Brief reference of the work which will be programmed M. Fox, adopted by the BeeHive

was made by Sister Cannon to the for them. Complete explanation of committee, express their stand and is to

splendid achievements in BeeHive in this work, as presented by Sister Folbe learned by the girls: (next page)

M. I. A. Monthly Report of AccomplishmentsApril, 1931

13. Eg No. of Reading Course Books

O c*u Having Been Read -i WTJO

IS E o o 3 "- ta CO re3 3.2u o ai ato 13—i

C33 a 3 E3 O DE Y.M. Y.L. Y.M.: Y.L Y.M. Y.L. O Ere U

V) == s ZCQO ai 5> o CO.

8Bannock 1 11 11 11Bear Lake....

River.... 12Bear 11 1 3 32 5 "49 65 25 27 7 72 89 62

6 Blackfoot 13 6Blaine 3 1 r 3411 9 10 7 9 209 16 2119 63 10Boise 10........

"""88 ""34 "7 1 13Boxelder 12 13. "*""l2 6 36 7 79 97

1 1 8Cache 1 3 11 2 12 1 4 7 4 8 17 1 4 7 6 3Carbon 39 5 3 10 5 15 4 38 68 6 5 6 2Cassia 6 4 1 3 1 10 15 20 12 9 12 6 6 4Deseret 42 89 123 62 127 5 55 83 108 86 7 4-.. 1 6 2 11 11East 10 Jordan 56 37 39 10 12 10 72 7 71 11 72

1 7 5 8 8Ensign 135 1 1 80 13 140 30 6 65 8 66 4 3 5 8 8 10Franklin 11 13 58 6 20 11 26 11 27 57

. t 5 4 2 10 13 14Fremont 50 31 31 37 29 54 87 8

3 3 2Garfield 8 6 2 5 9 4 18 5 23 5 25 46 5 5 9 10 3Granite 6 10 166 1 28 6 2 10 87 9 126 6 64 1 2 3 6 11 10 14Grant 81 16 18 11 66 37 5 29 1 4 7 2 7 2Gunnison 8 15 9 13 4 4 18 25! 1 2 9 12 5Hollywood 12 12 45 30 96 34 12 75 10 67

4 3 4 10 2 12Idaho Falls 12 34 10 71 11 23 29 10 1 5 B 5 4 5Juab 70 10 19 68 70 4 63 4.. 5 1 5 3Kolob 2 5 20 26 28 4 20 37 2

4 7Liberty 12 12 8 10 4 6 14 6 8 7 9 3 10 6 1 8 4 11 8Logan 2 20 17 8 8 55 6 36 6 35 9 9 Angeles... 11 8 11Los 1 2 2 27 45 86 63 33 9 9

1 5 2 3Lost River 8 15 9 12 6 2 10Malad 9 8 4 6 9 3 2 4 2 2 6 6 10 7Maricopa 10 50 8 44 5 33 8 71 8 45 51 1 4 6 1 1 6 3 4 4Millard 15 15 6 2 11 7 4 18 21 43 4 1 1 1 8Minidoka.... 6 5 1 7

1 "49 2 13 7Montpelier 1 13 11 15 14 6 6 5 4 3Moroni 4 1 1 23 16 10 1 13 15 18 4 5 1 2 5 3 5 SanpeteNorth 3 58 13 54 51 24 45 80 58 4 77 4

Sevier.. 4 4 3 1 1 2 2North 5 34 21 1 1 6

1 14 13 9 5North Weber.. 25 1 18 16 3 23 42 34 12 10

1 12 4 12 11 9 114Ogden 33 28 7 3 3 79 9 67 96

Oquirrh 6 6 6 1 3 6 79 23 47 40 46 74 6 56 1 5Panguitch 2! 29 6 2 2 16 "64Pocatello 3 10 6 J| 5 4 5 66 8|. 29 62 106 108 7 7

1 1 6 6 3 RiverRaft 9 51. 18 30 5 18 27 4 22 4

. 1 7 I Davis........South 2 69 8 8 18 39 8 50 74 7 46

... 1South Sevier 51 7 22 29 71 25 16 63 50 26 49 5

* 4.... 4 25Sharon 9 13 1\ 28 32 24 3 ) 7"4Salt 3 13 147 13 13! 13 54 38 Lake 1 84 68 113 13 12

1 1 1 4 Francisco 10Saa 52 52 50 82 60 60 36 50 4 2... 15 3 2 2San Juan 15 8 21 7 23 25 36 2 2

St. 4 5 2 1 26 2 15 Johns 26 16 5 10 32 25 3 30 3

6 1 6 4Taylor 67 8 35 80 39 40 5 6 "4 5 1 2 5 16Union 5 1 14 65 18 16 56 37 19 36 4 4

Utah 9 9 6 1 ml 70 20 28 9 9 136 139 121 8 6 48 9 9 8 8 9 21Wasatch 43 37 39 48 8 7 6 Jordan.. 1 27 5 8 23 13West 32 31 38 5 3

11... 10Yellowstone 7 4 10 24 3 2 10 36 21 7 40 7

3 3 1 22 7 2 21Zion Park 36 15 28 17 36 39 3 3

Calif. Mission 39 14 9 4 2 18 22 28 33 19 17 13 9

4 4 1Canadian 4 6Northwestern 19 2 6 2 1 2"32 5 46 746 815 30 26 26

Northern 17 7 3 1 8 6 2 2 5 4 Stake. 554 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

We, the BeeHive girls of M. I. A., Original Song Granite Stake the negative teachings of the Word

God's Word of Wisdom will obey; A flag drill, the singing of 'Amerof Wisdom, with some of the effects

From tea and coffee we'll refrain ica"and the benediction brought to that follow disobedience, the positive

Our lips tobacco will not stain. a conclusion a most enjoyable and teachings with results secured by folWe will maintain our Country's laws helpful(A BeeHivesession ofInstituteBeeHivewasleaders.held on lowingings thatthemcomeand throughthe benefitsobedienceand blessto

And further every righteous cause, the Thursday preceding June conferthe word of the Lord.

give freely talents time andOur Mechanical devices, motion pictures, ence, at which many interesting live. to truly learn weThat may displays and electrical features introduced. In the stereopticans were

Elsie T. Brandley explained the August Era a report of this will be were used to carry the message. A large

new BeeKeepers'book and its use, given, together with questions and anstore building in the business district, pointing out ways in which the leaders swers on the subject of handcraft and convenient to the Church buildings, and girls might gain the greatest beneapplied arts which were brought up by housed the exhibit which was free fit from the material included. This the BeeKeepers'present.) and open to the public.

was followed, under the direction of

Sister Brandley, by an open discussion Unique Word of Wisdom Pioneer Features the problems BeeHiveof and work Exhibit Civilizaof Westward March therewith.connected THE

title feaspecial a the tion"of was

S. Asst. DiAnderson, Ethel Music feathe among

Friin Tabernacle the staged ture

I. led therector the A., L. of Y. the tures M. Conference of June was (OUTSTANDING in session, this afternoon. day At in songs. practice of BeeHivegroup a the held Exhibit of Wisdom Word picture, the story, tableau, and song the subjects addition above, to to In year, 15. 8 unLast from June

depicted. the west of was winning thetreated General of der the direction of by Dr. members A. John feature a Express and was Pony The the Widtsoe, Grant Yates, President of ofCommittee, Leah European Pioneers the played our part was own first theirStake, conof explained the Mission, of methods Word Wisdom spirit Pioneer of stressed. days The

tests graduation,ducting staged ever for the Exhibit and Fay was Church by the the During permeated program.

the discussed in placed International "BeeHive SymbolTingey Hygiene to the session of the plan I. A. M.

at the It balanceism."Exposition of Dresden, program Germany. The in active part charting the and take an

consisted various to the of numbers from be of one proved popular most trails the old of Pioneer and marking asstakes entire in follows: exhibits exposition. the Unpresented. landmarks was

it. told Ideal ofDemonstration an BeeHive accomplished was good by

Swarm Meeting Liberty Stake During the June Conference, a

Cellfilling dramatization Word of Wisdom Exhibit, patterned

Pioneer Stake after the Dresden, one at somewhat but Glancing, Through Stake extended, greatly enlargedHealth Band Oquirrh was and

The Womanho Call -Salt Lake Stake conducted. The exhibit was in three [Continued from page 542]

First Aid Play Ensign Stake sections or divisions. These showed

has been accomplished largely through the education of mothers, and cooperation of doctors and nurses in civic centers. Milk is handled in a more

sanitary way, and communities have been awakened to the necessity of Reading Course Books knowing and teaching more of correct

ADOPTED BY THE babycare.Modern medicine is another safeof diphtheria life—control

use of toxinantitoxin; Mutual Improvement Associations guardthroughto the

for 19311932 provementtyphoid feverof milkcontrolandthroughwater supim- plies; understanding and control of

tuberculosis, through which deaths

Department Book Priec By Mail have been cut down to onethird; and

are like importance things of other

Story Young of Brigham Youns—Susa Executive—L,ife great things can that successful so

- - $2.50 $2.50 D. Widtsoe Gates and Leah future. in for the be hoped Music Directors—People and Music—T. C. McGehee 1.40 l.SO Industrial development, too, is reAdults—Medical Aspects of tlie Word of Wisdom—Dr. L. sponsible for some of the increased

W. Oaks 1.00 1.00 gains. Wealth is more widely distrib-

"M"Men—With Malice Towards None—-H. W. Morrow.75.85 uted, so that more people have the

Gleaner Girls—Sfkglvs in the Rain—A. S. Monroe 2.00 2.10 advantages of better homes, food, fuel

Vanguards and Junior Girls—Larry—Foster 1.25 1.35 and clothing, and more leisure, all of

Scouts—Modern Pioneers—Cohen and Scarlet 80.90 which are vital to a vigorous life.

Full set of Seven Books, delivered anywhere if remittance fit full Important social and spiritual conthese sanitary followed have sequences - $0-00 order accompanies changes. Welfare and economic work

C. O. D.-Parcel Post If sent

a kindlier us 9.50 has made people—the

leaven of interest in happy childhood leads to community optimism, progression and even exuberance. We

learned to appreciate have childhood, DESERET BOOK COMPANY is a characteristic true civilwhich of 44 East on South Temple P. O. Box 1793 Salt Lake City, Utah ization.

The economic changes have made it [Continued on page 557]

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 555

as a legacy to my posterity."Orson Ferguson Whitney set forth in these memoirs, which I leave

bodied in this paragraph. He was An Appreciation The measure of the man is emoutstanding as one always ready

[Continued from page 510] to defend the faith and proclaim the Gospel without fear or favor.

is more in this age"ofblended in the character of Orson "I cannot bequeathe to you gold and And what life lands. Godlessness, doubt houses and he was has and My these silver, judgedF. by and Whitney;

in not spent acquiring riches. been earthly fundamentally sound. Quoting other standards of excellence,and parents far gave something me more My the of President Charles A. words at least, people precious his that than rusthe can, by which and own moth

truly be called great. can corrupt or thieves break through Callis of the Southern States Misand steal. They taught me true and noble sion, he had "that wonderful gift,

principles, and shed the light of a good Godgiven, of making the Gospel truths glow with beauty and eter-T) ISHOP WHITNEY, as he was exampleto pursue.uponI havethe pathtried theyto dowishedas muchme

lovingly called by his friends for my sons and daughters, and the manner nal freshness,"during and since his twentyeight of my trying and some of the results are "A prince has fallen in Israel."

years as father of the Eighteenth

Ward, was blessed with two wonderful companions. His first wife,

Zina Beal Smoot, was the daughter of Abraham O. Smoot, the second

Mayor of Salt Lake City, and sister of Senator Reed Smoot. She

was a beautiful woman, gifted in many ways. Her native wit was

the subject of frequent comment among her associates. Bishop

Whitney often said that when he was at a loss to find the right word to use in a poem or article, "Zine"promptly supplied the proper one.

She passed away in 1900, having borne her husband nine children, seven of whom survive, viz: Emily (Mrs. Winslow Farr Smith) z.e.M.i.

Helen (Mrs. J. W. Timpson) 1333 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah

Byron, Albert Owen, Margaret (Mrs. Lester C. Essig), Paul, and

Virginia (Mrs. Dr. Don C. James), the last two being twins. "The Department Store for

His second wife, May Wells, is survives the daughter him,who of General Daniel Wells, one of All Your Shopping"H.

the Counselors to Brigham Young, and also one of the early mayors of Salt Lake City. She also is a Organized 1868 by the

lovely character, artistic in taste great Pioneer Leader and temperament to a high degree.

She was a worthy and faithful helpmeet to her illustrious husband, not only in mothering Zina's Brigham Young children and her own two boys in Murray and Wendell—but her WM. L. WALKER literof his ardent encouragement

ary and spiritual work. General Manager

COME people have said that Orson F. Whitney was not a pracWelcome Visitors to the

tical man. From a material sense

that may be true. But he was practical and past master in showCOVERED WAGON DAYS

ing humanity the simple way to gain eternal life. In the foreword CELEBRATION

of "Through Memory's Halls"he addresses his children as follows:

556 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

1 The Mechanics of Digestion [Continued from page 519] OJdMillCtt

oils are not digestible) T\ IGESTIVE secretions from—mineral

three sources are poured into and finally changes them intoDANCING the small intestine. These come soluble soaps and glycerin. For acthis, juice) bile of (pancreatic pancreas complishment must from |V?i

reaction, alkalin in liver (bile) tiny of necessity be Six gorgeous 4ff, and from many dance nights a **&-Bpy. - r glands situated along intestinal since all soaps are basic or alkalin.

week at the ro- "-J B *tt'V walls (intestinal juices). PancreEven outside effects of the bile, all

mantic Old fFS atic juice contains several enzymes, intestinal secretions are slightly

Mill. It's worth &&A each of which has its special funcbasic; and digestive enzymes out- a trip from m|JN(H&7 tion. side the stomach will act only in

just anywhere /VS V RCj Neutralization a medium. such pancreatic or Amylopsin, amyto to step |v\ the entering material acid from of lase, takes starch digestion up brilliant these w#v is largely accomplished by stomach

v < forced saliva leave the to where was tunes!

it is in alkali stronger bile, as the ': iTnH it off, carries '. the and on until Visit the Old V$\ | others. the of than any starches - into converted have been Mill you when m -

, 1 i7 i maltose. for come "Cov-;'* are glycerin absorbed Soaps and

ered revessels, then Wagon into the lymph &"liv/ \ acting Trypsin, only an enzyme Days."carried into fat, J which is assembled proteids, continues upon the work

begun by pepsin in reducing these to the liver for certain modificasim- to their substances complex rt& tions. molecules. In plest component the Bile is of great importance, not /%QW job it is aided by erepsin, from only to digestion, but also in preai| the intestinal walls, and which is vention of certain abnormal conAt the Mouth ol the final enzyme concerned in proditions arising in the alimentary

Big Cottonwooc I teid dissolution. Erepsin might be canal. It is also a medium of exCanyon said to put the finishing touches cretion, and some poisons are elimupon proteid materials, by breakinated from the blood through the

ing them into amino acids which liver. Absence of bile, or its being

may be absorbed as such. lessened in amount, favors constiComplex sugars are in turn acted pation.

upon by enzymes from the intestinal juices and changed into "HOLLOWING absorption of simple ones. Our ordinary table V such food principles as digestion

sugar from beets or cane is not prepares, the small intestine gradpossible of absorption through ually empties its semifluid conCREAM walls of the digestive tract, until tents into the colon. Here abThat will it has been converted into two sorption of water continues; but

simple sugars known as dextrose it is believed that little or nothing

WHIP! and laevulose. In the same manelse is absorbed after the material

ner, each molecule of maltose must enters this part of the canal.

into two further broken be down in be lacking the meal Should dextrose. This of molecules resithis is cellulose "roughage,"or LeafHarris Clover Only case in by former the out carried in the disdeprived of water so comes Milk be due may

the in saccharose, and an enzyme tinctive, convenient series a becomes it eventually that i t h Creamtop bottle—w maltase. called latter another by it bodies: or solid relatively of may of reservoir special the

is dealt with sugar or milk Lactose whip. will that adcream sticky a constitute mass which

quickeasily and can You walls colon and closely to the in a similar manner by lactase. heres

if off cream, the ly pour with only can be onward moved pourwithout wish, you ing out the entire con- "D EFORE arriving in the intestine, some difficulty, parts of it remaintents. * fats are entirely unchanged, exing in the sacculations or little

LeafHarris Milk Clover orcept for being made more or less pocketlike depressions to decomcosts no more than dinary milk. liquid by the melting action of pose into poisons which cause

WASATCH 2177 bodily heat. Their mechanism of headaches, "blues,""grey days,"

digestion differs quite singularly and other undesirable symptoms.

from that of other foods. ComWhere sufficient roughage is presbined action of bile and the enzyme ent, water is retained in the cells

pancreatic lipase is necessary. Bile of its structure and maintains the

CloiJer eafHarris is secreted by the liver. With the material in a soft, wet state favorlipase, it emulsifies organic fats ing passage along and ejection from MLR (that is animal and vegetable oils the colon.

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 557

Was the Word....

Saveof Wisdon Divinely Your Given [Continued from page 517] Money

$60.00 Why waste on j'Joseph whenpeople in health and all that folCertificate

furTaylor can | Wm. health be producedlows from may funeral complete a

ofwhen!j Wisdom the Word than little more a shall nishfor

be fully kept. a Certificate costs. |

Service, quality and Was the Word of Wisdom diThe Leading Mortician pricesanyone, not equaled by

Expert Embalmer Taylor and Joseph vinely given? Wm.J

both office and residence Was. 7600 Phone In ii—1833, Streetii i i m—th—iin—n—when science was in L125ii——NorthwH—Main

in swaddling clothes an unlearned young man promulgated, as a revelation from God, a code of health, the correctness of which has been confirmed by the science decrees set during the last century.

Today, only a quibbler or one who resolutely does not want the truth can refuse to answer the above question affirmatively. If

God did not reveal the Word of

Wisdom to Joseph Smith, where did he obtain it? The Word of <

Wisdom like the other works of the Modern Prophet is an evidence of his divine inspiration.

—t'fSStaifWhen you come to the Glancing, Through

[Continued from page 554] "Govered Wagon Days"possible to nurture youth; and laborlaws prevent their being drafted into visit STILT21 1R!

gainful occupations which deprive them of natural growth and developSalt Lake City will be the amusement mecca of the ment. School laws provide them Saltair beautiful with Nation 24, and on July 25 26—and

facilities for education, the result and to all comers. gates her swings open welcome wide

should be a generation better equipped Besides special attractions to be announced, this into raise community standards to a comparable resort offers you bathing in water where level.higher

float largest in like the a you cork—dancing In the future look for we may pavilion, to sweetest the the on West—boatingworld's greatereven life. expectation of The salt sea the buoyant midfun down theBiblical waves—riotousmusic in allowance score of four yearsand ten seems now well within hope. way—and dining deluxe in the beautiful cafe at the

Rural conditions must first be imwater front.

proved the to provide health same eduDancing 6 nights a week service as citiescation and enjoy, but this is easily possible, with the aid of 3 Free concerts every Sunday

State funds. Conservation of adult

life must also be studied, for little has been accomplished in regard to the span of life past the age of forty.

Perhaps the remedy lies in teaching adults to observe laws of health and hygiene, including a saner outlook on life. The outcome of this would be

the completion of the years whichnature has made possible for man; St&tyih

and, protected by knowledge and its Trains: 7:15 and 9:15 A. M., 12 Noon,

application, these last years of life might be spent happily and peace- 2 P. M. and every half hour.

fully. i i inn i p 'iimi 1 MB 1 'iji 1 'lyn u iii 'ipomiei 1

558 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

Facing Life

[Continued from page 521]

any malice. Discover what his

daily schedule calls for. Follow

him through a major job or two.

See what preparation he has had to make to be able to qualify for his profession. And don't content

yourself merely with contacting an outstandingly successful one. Are

there some near failures? What

makes them such? Have you the

qualities which would lead you

excursions into the land of vocaTHE BIG DOUBLE SERVICE PLANT above Dental Mediocrity? Your

tions can be fascinating. Sample

the work of representative leaders

The Finest and Most Modernly Equipped in a dozen or more fields. Nor

Plant in The West are you limited to actual observation. There is a good book on

nearly every vocation of your inOur scientific methods of dry cleaning and latest equipterest. Contact your public library,

ment excel all others in the handling of your most delicate or your State Department of Vocation, or write to the Department fancy gowns, dresses and wraps. of Vocational Education in our

National Capitol. You will be

We also specialise on carpets, oriental rugs surprised at the wealth of material which may be yours for the asking.

and household furnishings, IV.

WORK GUARANTEED—A ND, finally, if you are still

* young enough, make your voCLOTHES INSURED—

FREE DELIVERY SERVICE cationstunities. yourTryexperimentalyourself outopporin a

preliminary way before you are

fun to tackle a new job to see how CAPITOL "committed"for life. It's good

few months. experience will The CLEANERS & DYERS, Inc. givemuch you can learn about it in a you a lot of for sympathy

doing the men work—question WASATCH "1 WASATCH it will increase your

822 J Phones I 823 ofYoulifewillas fewfind thingssatisfactionunderstandingelse canin disdo.

covering not only what you like to do but what you are sure you would not want to do permanentBE INDEPENDENT lyVocation So Profitable I No Other

ENROLL NOW Short periods of trying life on

For a Complete Course at the $125.00—$250.00 PER MONTH aremaninfinitelywho wouldvaluableanswerto thethe youngquery

Quish School of Beauty Culture IN ELECTRICITY "What Would You Choose To The Best in the West do?"304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg. AND -Krfig&.OfrSALT LAKE CITY, UTAH TELEGRAPHY

differthat the be said might Information For Further TT Call Positions Guaranteed and Catalog ence failure success between and 7560 Wasatch on Phone, Write or Call in business is that elusive someFill in This Coupon American Telegraph thing called genius. But, more

College oftenthing thanthat spellsnot, thatsuccesselusiveis thesomecon-

Salt Lake City sistent application of good common sense. Orson Rega CardThe Improvement Era for July, 1931 559

The Book of Mormon in the Ligjat of

Recent Jewish Archaeological Research An i T [Continued from page 523] i Invitation of a cylindrical form, of a thick existed in America long before the During the past few years our Comhalf-baked clay with a well sculpdays of Columbus. He does not pany has spent twenty million doltured head of a most perfect Jewstand alone in this belief. Years lars on the development of an enish-Hittite type. It is now preago Clarke made the claim that tirely new line of cash registers. It

served in the Museo National in the Hittites were akin to the Peruis our belief that every merchant

Mexico City."It is interesting vian Kechna, and Campbell found should see these new registers.

to note that there was a rather Hittite names in France, Japan, You may not at this time be thinkclose connection between the Israeland in ancient Mexico. (See Jewing about exchanging your old regites and the Hittites even as far ish Encyclopedia, Vol. 6, p. 428). ister, but we want to extend this

invitation just the same. We willback as the time of Abraham. We Quoting Dr. Lhevinne further,

to describe betry to not them you that in read 23, Gen. Abraham evidence archaeological "Aside from

really to see cause must you them the Hittites thepurchased from is extremely the type comJewish realize different entirely they how burialfield for a ground of Ephron of coast Pacific entire the on mon registers. are older types of from his buried family. for his he Here noticed fact already by a Mexico,

wife Sarah. Later he was buried the priest Plancarte and Dr. Leon, We hope you will take this opporto see tunity Still this wonderful there. new later Joseph was who collection a examining upon who

line. there promise has you father his sold into We took Egypt tribe, the vases Tarasco of of

it like never been here anything in the same buriedJacob and him live in State of (these Michoathe before. field. idea this promote To in found near still can, Oaxaca) 1893

further we quote from the Jewish a tablet with Hebrew inscription."

Encyclopedia, Vol. 6, p. 426: The National Cash

the a concerning word Israelites the relations between Register "The Company NOW of the landing of Hittites whereabouts the and the hand, on one and special display Our 179183 is at rest the the the peoples of conquered on settlers. the early Jewish American

St., S. State Salt City, Lake Utah other, friendly, for the long been had pathis of beginning the Toward pornot adoptedHebrews only had some

tions of the Hittites'religious cult soon per, we cited the Book of Mormon after the invasion of Palestine, but had and also the words of the Prophet intermarried with them."Joseph Smith to the effect that

the colony of Lehi landed on the 'T'HE Old Testament gives many west coast of South America; and

* instances where the Israelites that the colony of Mulek most intermarried with the Hittites. likely landed in Central America.

"And the children of Israel dwelt "According to Mena, (a prominent among the Canaanites, Hittites, Mexican archaeologist) the Jews and Amorites, and Perizzites and arrived in Mexico via the Pacific."

Hivites. And they took their Mena thought that the migration

daughters to be their wives and was caused by cruel persecution of gave their daughters to their sons, the Egyptians. It is interesting to

and served their gods."(Judges recall that Lehi's party came over

3:5, 6.) Again, "Esau was forty the Pacific. They left Jerusalem

bitter perthe because of pending to wifeyears old he took when 7"invited are to our OU the not, however, Beeri, the secution, the of by daughterJudith, *- place Covered during Assyrians. the but EgyptiansHittite, the by daughBashemath, and

ter of Elon the Hittite."(Gen. It is the further belief of Dr. LheWagon Days.

26:34.) Furthermore we read in vinne that seafaring Jews might

II Samuel, Chapter twelve that have drifted over the Atlantic to See various sizes of "CaterDavid married the wife of Uriah, Brazil, Guianas, or Panama. "Be pillar"tractors on display.

the Hittite, and also Bathsheba that as it may,"says he, "the fact her daughter. The latter became remains that in French Guiana the

the mother of Solomon. (II Sam. native tongue 'gabibi'is rich and Landes Tractor &

12:24.) The above references developed and abounds in Hebrew

give proof that through intermar- stems."This statement agrees reEquipment Co.

riage there was developed in Palesmarkably with the claim long 23 6 West So. Temple St.

tine an IsraelitishHittite type of maintained by the "Mormons"people. It is now Dr. Lhevinne's that one of the Jewish colonies, Salt Lake City, Utah

claim that the relics and other Mulek's, came over the Atlantic archaeological i evidences recently and in all likelihood landed somediscovered in Mexico furnish reason where on the east coast of Central for believing that this same type America.

.

560 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

We realize that the above facts efforts of many scientists have and discoveries do not afford exmade possible rapid progress in

The same personnel that ternal evidence sufficient to prove solving some of the mysteries of directed the affairs of the the claims made by the Book of these lost civilizations. It is quite

to the Mormon. But Latterday probable that the ruins in Mexico Daynes Beehe Music Co. Saint these are evidences very inand in Central will America

for many decades is hack teresting and at least highly corcommand even greater attentionsoon roborative the of truthfulness of of in in those than have Egypt and the of Book records. Mormon We the valley the of Euphrates. We shall await with continued interest THE for further knowledge of the arshall watch for further Jewish DAYNES cheological research of the Jews in archaeological discoveries to see if

they substantiate Dr. Mexico Lhevinne's Central and America. FurFURNITURE CO. it is thermore affirmative very belief that encouraging the to Jews dis63 MAIN STREET note that late of years the concerted covered America.

This assures buyers of Furniture from the present company 70 "icISVw

YEARS OF FRIENDLY SERVICE.

light overhead A enables us to save you your on about 20% A Splendid Tribute purchases. Come in and renew

old acquaintances. [Continued from page 515]

to the flat plains of the Platte River basin and found there a great emValley. pire at that day and time must

PEWS andItinterpretingmust have beenthe picturea heroicto scene,some have been and are a mighty people.

Pulpits theyfriendscouldone day,read Ianythingtold themintothatit A Tribute as I strikrecounted day the facts CHAIRS ceivablythey mightimaginechoosein theor couldway ofconro- ONE ing of this great migraFolding, mance, tragedy, and suffering and tion to some friends of mine, as

Kind ergart en it would still be true. we gazed upon the picture, one

Hnd Opera lady asked, "How could they ever

I replied, "Madam, do Rank, Office, Church una Storr Men and Women of Great do it?"

Fixtures Faith you see those outriders accompanying the caravan with 'the guns Salt Cabinet Lake this long across trek of the than more their of pommels saddles & ON Fixture Company thousand miles w a scanning from the Winter for horizon enemies? 33 Street Richards

Write us for nri*eti Quarters to the Salt Lake basin Do you see the stern countenances they made their way through a of these men? Do you see the

trackless wilderness inhabited by general attitude of faith and detersavages and wild beasts. Unlike mination that marks the aspect of

the fur traders, who were untramthe entire caravan as it moves formelled and free to go and come ward? They were men and woas they pleased, this great migrating men of a great and profound faith,

Encyclopedia bandwith themof Christiantheir oldpeopleand young,carried andwas theyridingverilyat theirbelievedrightthat handGod the lame and the halt, the sick every foot of the way of that terof information about and incompetent. In fact they rible, tragic journey through the

farm construction in carried with them all their worldly wilderness or they never could have concrete is yours for possessions and all of their loved accomplished it."(Applause)

the asking. Practical ones, prepared to live or die with So much for this sentimental

drawings.. pictures.. them as the emergency might arise. side of my theme, but one I think

I love tables.. charts. Ask of Itpeoplewas ofthe whichgreatestwe migrationhave any wellto payworthtributewhile,to becausethe men who

for copy of F-10, free! record and was undoubtedly one have done great things in history,

PORTLAND CEMENT requiring the greatest sacrifices, the and certainly the "Mormon"peoASSOCIATION greatest faith, and the greatest courple who settled this empire acMcCornick Bids'. age because of the magnitude of complished something that can alSalt Lake City the journey through an untamed be held ways up to and men wo-

m-timxmnm land. a marvelous It was every creed of every faith event men and

and a great trek, my friends, and as a most heroic and selfsacrificing CONCRETE the people who were able to enrecord—one that contributed treFOR PERMANENCE compass that great distance from mendously to the settlement and

the Missouri River to the Salt Lake moral uplift of this country.

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 561

Inevitable Progress

[Continued from page 526]

Beattie). Time Breasher, Myers and Rewards Bennion, Hammer throw—Fred seconds. are interested—24 3 minutes, Ifyou 3/5 at Salt 26, Lake,Utah, 1906, May ability develop the to speak William hurdles low—to 220yard—in in public everyday or feet, inches. 11136 HOW Utah. 23 3/5 Time Mordock, twice forge ahead

I TO WORKf fast doing, as Byron are hurdles effectivelyconversation—toas read Pole you 120yard high now Adams,—seconds. Vault-—Morgan

I I to WONDERS With Words Wonders Work How seconds. 14.7 Utah. Grant, Time at Lake, SaltB. 24, Y. U. May free. sent now WITH

booklet, recently This pubnew w 9 inches. 111904, WORDS lished, points that thouroad the Utah by Performances Best increase followed to sands have Broad Swapp, Utah jump—M.feet, quickly their earning and power

at Salt popularity. Lake, 1905, 22 Athletes May 20,

explains It a you by how 1feet, *>t#* beinches. study alsoeasy new, home 1/2 FIELD EVENTS method,can,fright; conquer speaker an and

to will fear. stageprove cometimidity this booklet b read outstandingand To

evening well an S. Cox, Utah. Shot put—William free this valuable Simply address and and send namespent.Best Utah by Performances inches. feet, Distance 44 once. obligation 6 3/4 at booklet will besent No

BrigReeve, Discus INSTITUTE AMERICAN NORTH Athletes throw—Mark

University. Ave., Distance Dept. 418-B 143 3601 Michigan Young ham TRACK EVENTS feet, 6 inches. Chicago, 111.

100yard Pilling, Pearce, Y. B. Utah. Javelin dash—Dave throw—Doral

U.; Nate Long, Utah. naTime 9 (At 196 feet, 8 inches. Distance 4/5seconds. tional meet 1928) Smith, Utah Aggies, Interior

220yard dash—Creed Haymond, 187 feet, 5 inches (state record). Utah. Time 21 1/5 seconds. High jump—Alma Richards, BrigDecorating 440yard dash—Levi Myers, Utah ham Young University, 6 feet 5 3/8 Aggies. Time 47 4/5 seconds. inches. (Cornell, 1912) Clinton LarPainting—Paperhanging

880yard Squires, University, Utah. son, 6 Young Brigham see Jefferson Ward, references feet, Pot

relays, unofficial seconds (StateTime (Penn. inches, 1 minute,run—Jack55 2/5 Nine- 7 7/8 Ward, Ward, Hawthorne Ninth

record); Myers, Utah Aggies, 1 min1917). Byron Grant, Utah, 6 feet, teenth Ward, West Jordan Ward,

ute, at seconds 53 Chicago, 1930. record). (State inches 2 3/8 12th13th Ward. Fourth Ward, Mile Utah. Bowen, Utah Time 4 Broad run—Squires,1/5 jump—Myles minutes, recfeet, (State 21 inches. seconds Aggies. 9 23 1/5 Ketterer Perschon & ord) Belliston, Aggies, Burke, minutes, Utah Utah 4 Pole vault—CarlDistance Company intcrcollegiates. national in seconds 19 Staples, Brigham Aggies; George

1928. Young University. Heighth 12 feet, 657 Washington Street,

Two mile run—Virgil Norton, Utah 8 1/4 inches. Salt Lake City, Utah

Aggies. Reeve, BrigTime 9 minutes, 50 1/5 secHammer throw—Mark

onds. University. Distance 148 Phone Was. 2797 Phone Hy. 3758 Young ham Mile relay—Utah Aggies (Young, and 28 /100th feet.

BEAUTIFUL CAPITOL HILL WARD CHAPEL SALT LAKE CITY

Heated with NATIONAL WARM AIR SYSTEM

EACH YEAR MORE OP THE FINER CHAPELS IN THE CHURCH ARE BEING HEATED WITH THIS SYSTEM INSTALLED BY

CO. and HARDWARE SUGAR HOUSE LUMBER

Mgr. SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH M. O. ASHTON, PHONE HY. 555

\62 The Improvement Era for July, 1931 * < - --- -*- =r i Strange Anchor Distinctive [Continued from page 540] he picked it up. He stood staring and turned off the light. A second

blindly at the thing in his hand. later Jimmy had felt his father's

It was as if some one had hit him arms across his shoulders. "You

a blow, the hurt of which spread are a good boy,"he had said, andTYPE in fiery little waves over every part in that speech Jimmy had realized of his body. Somewhere he had dimly, even then, that Dad was

felt this selfsame sensation before. finding a comfort in the consciousFACES What was there about this thing ness that though one was gone, one

child's knitted still remained. in his hand—a Correct in Style for this awful Now, as he stood trembling in stocking—to bring back

pain. the darknesss, this all come back

Suddenly he remembered. Just to him. The stocking in the boy's

Society firstsuch impressiona stocking Wasof death.related Itto hadhis handSomethingdroppedhad cometo theover ground.Jimmy

little first Jack had night the been the thing he loathing for had rushed died. from had He looked the—acontemplated. Jie down and

stricken room to see a little stockat the stocking at his feet. Strange

ing dangling from the porch line anchor in such a storm! His sea

in the night wind. It was somewas far from calm but the waves Commercial thing so definitely a part of the that swept over him now were little fellow up stairs—something waves of disgust.

inside—cheap—glamrecalled the greasy Printing sostockingfar removed!had broughtThe sightthe firstof thatreal ourless!The girlHe

consciousness of his personal loss, collar. He was shaking like a leaf.

a loss so great—so overwhelming It was like waking from a nightthat the earth, time, space were mare before the dreamer has fully

swallowed up in it. orientated himself.

See our specimens of Later that same night Dad, himModern Wedding self grief stricken, had come upon him sitting forlornly on the stairs. SUDDENLY he saw Invitations "You must go to bed, Jimmy. the girl arise—start toward the

Go, sit with him awhile Grandma, door. He lifted his hands as if

will you?"he had said in a voice to ward off a blow. If only he

that sounded as if he were unconcould get away. Melt into the

scious of whom or to whom he darkness. Never see her again. But

was coming and he stood there abruptly she spoke, turning then and The Deseret helpless. door. out the gone he had

child's abruptly. stopped had said as she heard girl A Grandma News Press "He has gone to the store,"Half way across the room, the cut the shanty from whimper had the gate click.

"I'm going down there with the silence.

29 Richards Street him,"Jimmy had announced a The girl turned back and with

Salt Lake City few minutes later, "I've got to that movement the spell was brokcomfort him."

And go he did, making his way stumblingly through the back room into the office where Dad sat | The Utah High |'atrememberedhis batteredyetoldhowdesk.highJimmyand| School of Beauty! narrow the ceiling had looked and

j Culture what grotesque shadows the safe 331 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake and desk had thrown on the wall,

Learn a profession that would make as if Life itself were grotesque and you independent for the rest of misshapen.

your life. Write for catalog.

Mail this Coupon.

D,'AD had risen at the N::::.::::::....:zz in there sight standing of the boy

Address j a long the doorway. For moat but he Jimmy, ment had looked

board to provide and room CityWe can to neither seemed find any had ofof outout town.town. studentsstudents

words, then Dad had reached up

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 563

en. Jimmy found himself running madly. He was out of the

gate, past the old creamery, almost to the creek bridge when his legs gave way. Youth Dreams

Sprawled flat on his stomach, he fought back great tearing sobs.

He felt something on his lips. Instinctively his sleeve he rubbed College*)

"Dirt!across them. Dirt!"he of the long summer, you dream of the autumn day when the Through

kept saying, but he was not even doors of college will open. As you look up to the blue sky of summer and

thinking of his mouth. think of the college days to come, remember the advantages which your

the because offers acceptable anywhere, are Credits University you. Church spent emotion The itself. The

is Universities. Association accredited institution the of American You by to his feet shakily gotboy and

it interested in are faculty a you will find friendly school, where members went on. and your welfare. You will receive sympathetic assistance in solving the

vexing moral and religious problems of the time. Moreover, you can get

the courses you want at Brigham Young University.

rRESENTLY his home When you dream of college, remember the "Y"into view. old gabledcame Dear

roof. tree old apple the AUTUMN QUARTER OPENS ON SEPTEMBER 25 Dear by

path. "I can look these clean blosGatalog will be mailed upon request. Address: The President

face in thesoms or anything now, else that's clean, I feel like I've BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY but

PROVO, UTAHbeen to—China—or hell,"he

whispered to himself.

It was good to be back. There

was the light still burning in the office window. Dad working on

the books! The boy went toward

the store. "That you, Jimmy?"Dadcalled at the sound of feet on the Utah Bureau

gravel outside.

"Yes. What you doing up so

late, Dad?"The Voice of Organized Agriculture

"Sort of waiting for you, son."

He snapped off the light, and in For your own welfare, and the welfare of your state:

a moment Jimmy saw him emerge from the back door. "USE UTAH PRODUCTS"

They walked up the lane together, under the wet fragrance of the apple tree. To Jimmy they

seemed on the borderland of another world where soul touched soul. Never before in his life had

he felt so close to his father. Since 1889Thoughts, white and holy, welled merchants in the intermountain territory with we have been supplying

up in his heart and passed unobstructed to the man beside him. "EVERYTHING IN HARDWARE"

Suddenly something flashed to and protecting your very best Friend

Jimmy. Jimmy knew it. No

word was spoken but like a homYour Home Merchant ing pigeon Dad's old message a necessity. as as well is a convenience merchant home setREMEMBER—Your

of his guarantee purchasestled from him and receive in his heart You see and inspect your are a good "You boy."satisfaction.

—e>fajijfcjHe contributes generously to the support of local churches, schools, charitable

TEMPERANCE, in the nobler andreturnspublicto benefitinstitutions.you or yourMoneyhomewhichtown.you send away for supplies never

* sense, does not mean a subPIONEERS IN THE HARDWARE BUSINESS dued and imperfect energy; it does

not mean a stopping short in any Salt Lake City, Pocatello, good thing, as in love or in faith; Utah Idaho

itbut the means power which governs the intense TheatfLafce Boise, energy, most and Grand Junction, (2o. Idahoprevents its acting in any way but Colo. cHardwareWHOLESALE EXCLUSIVELY

as it ought. Ruskin: The Stones

of Venice. The Fall.

564 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

Foods for Health It's Easy Summer Foods Should be Different TO from Winter Foods

[Continued from page 543]WHIP! tightly covered kettle and boil 10 Beat the egg yolks, add cream, then

Next time you want whipped minutes. Remove husks and serve at stir in the bread crumbs and cheese.

ingredientsother the macaroni and Add once. should never Corn be allowed just try cream Sego Milk.

lastly all the together, fold in and and mix to stand the in water. in husks Corn it chill Sego Simply and Milk well in the eggs. beaten of whites Put

also be in cooked the oven. Place may readily. delicious get whips p.in place You ring in buttered mould, mould

it in a tightly covered a pan small with in minutes. of bake water oven and hot 25 less at third a cream than whipped

water of and bake 15 minutes, a platter turn chop or done out on When of the cost of ordinary cream. amount

fill center peas, be buttered cooked or it may with plate and oven in a Dutch

SEGO MUSICAL MENUS over a camp fire from 7 to 1 minutes. asparagus or fried green corn. This dishis almost a complete meal in itself. Follively program and entertaining A

of the Sego Badger Barbara turing feaGreen Corn Saute lowedmakes bya mosta fruitsatisfyingsalad orsummerlight desserteveningit

Daily, Department. Service Home close meal. too corn from cob—not ExCUT to 10:15 a. 10:00 m. KDYL cept Suday, scrape the cob sure to be—-but

Fruit Salad Dressing in knife side the the blunt of with order to get all the juice. Place in 1 cup of sugar

an iron frying pan, 1 tablespoon of Y cup lemon juice butter, 1 tablespoon of olive oil, two 42 eggtablespoonsyolks of butter cups of corn and!/2 of a medium Pinch of salt

sized green pepper which has been Dash of red pepper parboiled and chopped fine. Cover Melt butter, add lemon juice, sugar

and cook all together 7 minutes. and seasoning and stir until it comes to

a boil, then pour over the beaten yolks

Beets of eggs. When cold add 1 cup of whipped

cream. This is a rather sweet dressing

BEETS, especially when young and and when used with fruits and nuts, fresh enough to be cooked with the salad may be served at the end of a their tops, are a most desirable food. meal as a dessert.

They should always be cooked in Jellied Fruit Salad their skins, retops the are and if gelatine of 1 box lemon left the stemsPUTTING NEW ZEST moved, should about be cups 2 (boiling) water IN LIVING an inch long, otherwise the beets will 1 tablespoon lemon juice lose their color in the salt of cooking. Pinch

health. on diet anchors hangsModern too many sliced pineapple thrill the live, but feel the drag. can YouYou Beets French 1 slicedis (if obtainable) avacado Y-2 cupcup lacking.

upon depend health, energy radiantVibrant cup blanched chopped almonds Yi (diced) beets 2 cups cooked this maintains behavior. nothinginternal And in gelatine Dissolve the the boiling cornstarch tablespoons of 2 diet. perfectly proper so cleanliness asinner

water, juice salt. the add lemon and butter tablespoons of 2 use health, afresh, to to start back workTo

cool fruits nuts, in add place cleanliness and When inner It maintainsLactoDextrin. vinegar cup yi

germs. putrefactive the driving outby chill chest. in ice and Serve mould on tablespoon sugar 54

SaniBattle other Creek andLactoDextrin lettuce leaf fruit dressing, salad with the the Seasoning obtained at be can Foods Healthtarium as a dessert. Cheese Puffs a nice make cornstarch, sugar and vinegar toMix

gether, add butter and place over fire, stiraccompaniment.

thickens, until it ring constantly add Puffs Cheese serve. then let boil 3 minutes, Z. C. M. I. beets,

1 package cream pimento FREE DIET ADVICE Pickled Beets 1 tablespoon butter cheese staff Battle maintain of Creek aAt we 2 whites egg 1 sliced beetstians diet advise to quart cooked, problem. you on of Checkdietiany red of pepper Dash particular dietyour the coupon problem on 1 vinegar (malt) cup

it stir to chief mail the Kain,below butter Ida Melt our into Jean and and the 1 sugar cup browndietitian. will for suggestions send She you cheese. the whites Beat and egg add to diet, individualyour charge. without 1 Naturwlater cup butter cheese the (the butter and andally, diagnosis will of disease no any be 1 salt. teaspoon that.. physicianattempted. Consult for your cheese soft) mixture should be Have

salt vinegar, water, sugar and Heat Living,""Healthful writ- a helpful book most bits ready side. toasted of bread on one nutrition leading willten a also by be expert beets, let together, boil minutes, add 2

side, reSpread is offer free. assist piling mixture fide untoasted tosent This on you bona

fire let serve or hot them and from move obligation. without adviceand be The may in center. the high in a moderate Put

chill.followed with utmost ice confidence in whether place cool you to and box They 3 bake minutes. oven or 4 and Serve this inuse foods the not. or System several sealed carefully will If days. keep

at once. last will indefinitely. they while hot

MAIL COUPON TODAY Macaroni Cheese Ring and Apples Summer Z.C.M.I.-l Jean Kain

1 cooked macaroni cup j4 CO., BATTLE CREEK IdaTHE FOOD tart a fresh apples have, 1 Creek, Battle Mich. soft bread cup CUMMER crumbs

to avail of your myself Diet Free I want *-* flavor are 1 nice into and a butter made tablespoon is diet Service. below. checked problem My

jellied 2 tablespoons rings. sauce cream or apple of Living.""Healthful Also send copy

1 cup sugar SourDOverweightStomachDUnderweight(Check your Constipationdiet problem) 21 eggstablespoon chopped green pepper cups water 1 Yi

Name Vz teaspoon salt 1 teaspoon lemon juice

Address 1 teaspoon chopped parsley 1 tablespoon butter

City State 1 teaspoon chopped onion 2 tablespoons of the small red cinnamon y2 cup grated cheese candy The Improvement Era for July, 1931 565

Mix all these ingredients together, place over fire and let boil for 5 minutes. Core

apple each not 6 apples—do

thick inchcrosswise, about peel—cutof an 1 /3

the boiling dish, in place pour bakingand about / ==\ in ovenliquid bake over and them 25 minutes. When cold they will be

jellied and red in color, and are deliciousserved with a puff of whipped cream as for dessert, or without the cream they are nice with baked ham. Baked Orange Rings FINE CAKES

2 cups sugar This Cream of Tartar

Y cup corn syrup 2Y cups water Baking Powder insures 1 raisins cup (seedless) finetextured, delicious 1 butter tablespoon 1 teaspoon of vanilla ASK cakes of longer lasting

Take 6 oranges, wash, and with a sharp knife cut them into slices about FOR freshness.

1/3 of an inch thick. Put them into

baking dish and sprinkle the cup of raisins over the top. Mix the sugar,

corn syrup, water, butter and flavoringtogether, put on fire and bring to a boil, ROYAL BAKING POWDER then pour it over the oranges and raisins. A FAVORITE FOR OVER THREE GENERATIONS

Cover and bake slowly in moderate oven 10 bake cover and remove the 1 hour; At all leading Grocers! Zr served over nice longer. Veryminutes

ice cream or with cold meats, or hot breads, especially corn bread.

Corn Bread INSURE 1 cup white flour Y cup yellow corn meal Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

3 tablespoons butter

sugar (scant) cup%1 egg INSURE milk 1 cup teaspoons4 of baking powder Your animals while in transit to market.

of saltPinch Sift the 5 dry ingredients together 5 times. Beat the egg and add to the dry Let us quote you rates.

ingredients, stirring it around until it forms balls. Melt the butter and add,

loaf in the milk. Bake inthen stir or HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY in tins a hotmuffin 12 minutes about

oven. 20 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

Ginger Bread Ginger bread with fresh apple sauce is a good summer dish.

Y cup of butter Yi cup other fat 1 cup sugar Jwv* 1 cup molasses 1 cup hot water 3 Yz cups cake flour Fruit Jars and Caps of salt Pinch 3 eggs made: in four styles

raisins 1 cup 1 teaspoon soda national distribution through 1 teaspoon cinnamon retail stores

Yi teaspoon of cloves adapted to all methods op canning 1 J4 teaspoons of ginger Cream the sug&r and fat, add flour and water, a little at a time, then stir in the molasses and spices. Beat in the

eggs one at a time, then add the soda and the floured raisins and bake in a slow oven. KERR JARS are made of Crystal Glass and are

Strawberry Shortcake (Southern Style) equipped with Gold Enameled CAPS which are 1 quart of ripe berries absolutely impervious to all food acids.

2 cups of flour Send for FREE BOOKLETS on HEALTH 2 tablespoons butter and Canning: Questions

2 tablespoons other fat cream pint of whipping Y GLASS CORP. KERR MANUFACTURING cup sugar Y Sand Spring:, Oklahoma salt teaspoon Y California Portland, Los Angeles, Oregon teaspoons baking powder 4

Milk 566 The Improvement Era for July, 1931 *m ifl *-—- Wash, stem and dry the berries put hot oven 10 or 12 minutes. Remove

aside 10 or 12 of the largest ones for from oven and separate it into two layers a cut. silver garnish. the rest with pulling not Mash by carefully it apart—do

fork sugar to sweeten. and add spread enough melted butter and ready some Have

Sift the flour, the sugar, the salt and very lightly, then add half the berries baking powder together several times, on the under layer, cover over with the the the layer put rest of and in the butter then rub and fat. Add second Cleaning & Dijeing C*

that. berries of with stirring Cover on top milk, and mixing enough milk to make a carefully—justmixture that whipped cream, sweetened to taste, and

Every article which leaves board,will clingdust together.with flour andPlacewithon themixingpalm Servegarnishat withonce. the large, whole berries.

sliced ripe peaches Raspberries or very flat the into pat hand a shape about our shop is not only cleaned of strawberries. the of place thick, inch be used in place in 2 and pan in may bake

and refreshed but also guarOCgOI"anteed free from objectionable odor of all cleaning maThe Little House Across terials.

Mail orders handled carefully the Way and promptly [Continued from page 537]

If glad. Irma! was seen! She even not

Salt painfulslowly, looked to She up begin might noticed he he had Lake's streamed ly. moonlight down daring The as to was investigate who Master

face. upturned her white, she on premises. his intrude on Now Cleaners plant you unmolest- "Why her work continue could Irma—did and

flowers?"plans the further she had For Dyers ed. nodded, and as Walt reIrma the vegetable In out. to carry

garden, screened from view by the mained silent, she felt he was waitCall Hy. 65 morningglories, was a row of peing further explanation.

tunias that even now were spoil- "I hope you don't mind. You

444 East Second South St. ing to be transplanted to take the see, I love flowers, and I can't grow

place of the transient poppies. The any at home because of the chilrose was growing inordinately and dren and the chickens. I—thought

needed support. She was going maybe you wouldn't mind if I

to take a sprout from the discourplanted some over here. The place aged fig tree in their back yard looked so—bare."

to plant by the back steps of the "Sure. No, I don't mind.

little house, and, since the clump They're mighty pretty,"he acPioneers In of purple flags had wept its last knowledged. "I'll help,"he volPAINT MAKING blueplanningtear tobymovethe gate,it, bit sheby wasbit, unteered, stopping beside her.

toFor nearly forty years toly, morethe promisingedge of thequarters,gravel namepath IT didn't take long

flowers, and about the heard more confidential about BENNETT'S fromrun gardenthe kitchengate dooracrossto thethe vineway. hefinish, but during the time Walt grew his own

Irma was growing bold! It had plans. He began a little diffidently,

been almost too easy, this making but Irma's sympathy was so gento blossom the forlorn little dreamuine he presently found himself place. And Walt had not noticed! talking freely.

were like that. "I guess I expected too much Insurance/mm Men

Irma had grown bold. She no in thinking Cecile could put up

longer waited for starlit nights. with such a crude way of living.

to every conis accustomed

it Paint Products Shea thirdworkedof bythemoonlight!purple flagsAt leasthad venienceShe must have at home and

have served faithfully and well the propbeen torn from their moorings at seemed awful to her to have to erty owners and householders of the interthe broken gate and were forming burn coal oil in the lamps and rhountain country—for the adornment a trim curve along the gravel path carry water and wood and all. I

and protection of all surfaces. to the garden gate when a shadow wasn't able to have anything better

Manufactured and sold by fell across the path, and Irma, then, without going heavily in

I thought she was just BENNETT GLASS & PAINT seated crosslegged, a flag root in debt, and

COMPANY one hand and a kitchen fork in unreasonable and didn't care much

SALT LAKE CITY the other, became rigid with fear. about me or she'd be willing to

Dealers throughout Utah, Southern She was discovered! The dream put up with it;for a while. But

Idaho and neighboring states was done! Her busy hands sank 1 see it differently now, and I've

limp and helpless beside her. She saved enough for lights and water.

hung her head. I can't manage the bath yet, but

The Improvement Era for July, 1931 567

maybe she won't mind that so But how Irma reveled in the much. Anyway, I'm going ahead buying and arranging of the simple

and fix it up and with it so pretty, pieces! With what care they sedishes, utensils lected kitchen and the flowers and all,with I—maybe picCOMFORT draperiesshe'll and looked and chairs and marry He me now."

to Irma for confirmation. tures! And when all was ready, with

"She surely will,"Irma dethe rugs laid, the pictures hung, clared. and the draperies that Irma had

"Will you sort of help me to made fluttered at the windows, get it fixed up? I want lots of they congratulated each other hapELECTRICflowers and you can show me the pily, and walked from room to

best place for the sink and the room critically surveying their lights."finished work. "I'll be glad to help, Walt.""If she doesn't love all this, SERVANTS

And so it was arranged, and a Walt, she's hopeless."Irma defew days later workmen were again clared.

busy about the little house across "I hope she does like it. I'm Enjoy the ease, com-

!out to findthe electricians going mighty way. soonPlumbers and fort and conveniface tonight!"honest inside was His whileworked and Walt

Irma transformed the yard. The eager. ence that come by

luck, Tell gavepoppies "I wish Walt. you plants petunia way to for having these modher glad I'll be in to have the Cecile grouped wereand shrubs

corners; bridal wreath and lilac a neighbor."ern electric servants

and crepe myrtle. Shades, that "Thank you, Irma. You're a Irma had selected, were hung at brick. I appreciate your helping in your home

the windows,and she also had a me out. Maybe I can do you a

hand in choosing the simple elecgood turn some day."

tric light fixtures. And each day "Oh, that's all right. I loved Electric

found Walt more gay and talkait."She gave a farewell look at

tive and hopeful, and Irma more the pretty room and went slowly silent and white. Walt talked conto the door. She turned with a Range stantly of Cecile and what Cecile smile as she went out—a strange

would like. little smile. "Goodbye. You "I believe I'll go ahead and buy must be sure to let me know—

all the furniture and rugs, so every- "I will, Irma. Goodbye."Electric

thing will be ready,"he told her eagerly. "You can help me choose them and everything."L-RMA went home and Refrigerator

For a moment Irma's face lighthelped with supper, answering in ed in anticipation, then the light a detached manner her mother's questions about the house and conhead. her died. She shook time Electric the usual than suming more that, Walt, if "I wouldn't do

I were you. She might not like at the dishwashing afterward.

the out and sat she went on Then select. I imagine what we would Water Heater front step the house and watched that prefer doing she would much

herself."across the way with fascinated

eyes. quite Before dark it was liberal timegate. at its she saw Walt stop The Our nodded slowly. "MaybeWALTyou're right, Irma, new electric lights flared on and she payment plan makes

see his stalwart could through form he floundered awkbut—er—,"about, makit so easy for you to moving the window, say don't wardly. "I want to

anything against Cecile, you know ing a last survey to be sure all have them today.

Cecile. would He I to was used wouldn't, right—for but—she's the Phone for our reprein get out, presently, come I are, Irma, and more than we

I'm afraid she'd want to spend familiar car and drive away to sentative to call on

Cecile.more than I could afford. I thought town—for

if we went ahead and bought and He did drive away, directly, and you with full informarranged everything and made it Irma felt as if a door had been ation.

look pretty she would like it fine, quickly closed in her face and she but if she went to town to select shut out in the blackness of night it herself it wouldn't—alone. it—well, UTAH POWER & very compare some of The family went in and to bed well with

calling reminders after a while, she wouldn't finer things the and of LIGHT COMPANY but to Irma, Irma sat on bedtime it."with be satisfied

It was Irma's turn to nod, unstaring, staring, seeing the dear derstandingly. Walt didn't trust dreamplace through a flood of Efficient Public Service

Cecile's good sense very far! tears, her heart bitter and desolate.

568 The Improvement Era for July, 1931

She was glad her father planned to reply she is not to be blamed. It

Index to Advertisers move from this place at the end had all been so sudden and she was of the year. couldn't bear She so dazed and was happy and Walt Page Company look, at the to always, allittle house so nearly that her smothering American Telegraph College-.. -558

Batttle Creek Foods Co, (Z. C. and Walt and Cecile across the together it made speech decidedly

M. I.)...564 road. difficult.

Beneficial Life Ins. Co..—.Rack Cover

Bennett Glass S3 Paint Co....566 But when she finally spoke it

I this: to say Walt, was 563 Brigham Young University "Why, just clock had TiHE

Cleaners Capitol & jDyers, Inc.. -558 little it the loved because house chimed ninethirty she saw when

Clover LeafHarris Dairy...556 the car stop again at the house and was yours, and I wanted to make

Furniture Daynes Company F-560 it pretty because only it was the got out Walt and went in. He

, Deseret Book Company -554 I could for do something you. way over, be would presently, no

Deseret Building Society...568 doubt, to tell her the good news Why, Walt, I've loved you alDeseret News Press -562 or was it good news? He was ways."

First Security Corporation coming now. Irma mastered

- - Inside her *> TOeig*aiBack Cover rose tears. She as he approached.

%5...565 J. Grant, Co.. Heber

stood silently, looking He thought-...565 Kerr Glass Mfg. Company

fully, yes, tenderly down at her. Training, Ketterer Perschon Co. -561

Landes Tractor & Equipment Co...559 Cecile had refused him! By EDITH CHERRINGTON Mountain States Implement Co- "Walt—didn't she—wouldn't.Inside Front Cover she—I'm sorry."

National Cash Register Co...559 "Nottoo sorry, I hope."Walt IT ABIT is a strong and relentNorth American Institute -561 was taking her hands. "I didn't - less master, whether it be for

Old Mill Club...556 ask her, Irma. Forgive me for a good or a bad purpose. For we

Portland Cement Ass'n -560 being so stupid, but after I got find ourselves serving the urge of

Quish School,of Beauty Culture558 there I discovered I no longer habit without reason or thought.

Regal Cleaning Dyeing Co.....566 wanted Cecile. But when I went Our early home training has an

Royal Baking Powder -5 65 in my little house a moment ago unbelievable influence through the

Saltair Beach Company...557 everywhere I looked I saw you, habits that we form there, followSalt Lake Cabinet fif Fixture Co -.560 sweetheart. Irma sitting across the ing us all through life and making

Salt Lake Hardware -563 table from me at meals; Irma sharthe way easier or harder for us,

Sego Milk Company. -564 ing the fireside with me on a according to what that training

winter's Sugar night; House Lumber & JHdwe. Irma planning and might have been.

, Co. 561 working and playing with me.

Taylor, Joseph Wm. i...557 Irma working with the flowers in At my childhood home nearly

Utah Gas f Coke Co. 505 the yard and planting poppies in every meal was accompanied by

pie; dessert, of High Utah School Beauty CulAmerican that famous the little snow. The house will ture trials earliest had of one my 562 be so I bare and will be so unhappy—and Utah......567 Power Co. I 8 Light crust. the eating with to do without you. little love the You State Utah Bureau Farm -563 the I disliked filling but the liked house. Can't love you me, too?"

. Z. C. M. I....-555 the I to started crust, form and If little Irma a was to slow habit of leaving it on my plate.

- - - - When coaxing and threats failed to change this, my mother made

INVESTIGATE BEFORE INVESTING a ruling that thereafter whenever

I left the pie crust on my plate I forfeited my pie at the next meal. WHY SPECULATE? That rule seemed awfully hard we For 25 YEARS Have Guarded the SAVINGS I and to and unjust me—then; OF THOUSANDS come for the time to used to wish

Of Investors in the Intermountain Territory when I would be grown and my own "boss"so that I could eat the to filling and never—never have

crust. eat the WITHOUT LOSS!

Regular Dividends That time has arrived. I can

Quarterly—SemiAnnual—Annual leave the pie crust on my plate

I wish, but I don't do it. now—if

edge eat the I start at the top and it first better I like than for!?0pret Imlhtng Bamty crust

44 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah any part of the pie.

"Old Reliable People's Company"That is the way with most of

Assets: $2,500,000.00 our hard won habits. Our natural

6% and Safety is Better Than 10% Perhaps horses,appetitesbutareonceas theystrongare asbrokenwild

Please mention the "Era"when requesting information by the will they serve us with grace >m and profit.

FAITH that Wins INremovedmaterial fromprogress,pioneerwe coveredare far wagon days. But the faith,

courage and integrity which enabled the western pioneers to win, inspires men and women of today to develop the greater achievement—to

resources and materials at hand as in that earlier day.

The twentyeight banks of the First

Security Corporation System are truly representative of the modern pioneer spirit. They are sound, prudent, impartial, keenly alert to the

requirements of business and possess unbounded faith in the intermountain west and its people.

Largest Intermountain Banking Organization

COMBINED RESOURCES FIFTY MILLION DOLLARS

LOOKING AHEAD And Building For The Future

OUR UTAH PIONEERS were stalwarts who lived and endured that future generations might enjoy peace and prosperity. Are we, the men and women

of today, doing our part to carry on by striving to perpetuate those same high ideals?

Where can you find a safer, a more certain or satisfactory method, in which to protect and provide for the future of your loved ones and yourself, than through a Beneficial Life Insurance Contract.

An Investment Providing Full Protection While

You Save

f9he BIG HOMECOMPANY

Founded by and on those same pioneer principles, calls attention to the fact that all premiums paid the Beneficial are used to BUILD UP THE WEST

DOES YOUR LIFE INSURANCE MONEY STAY AT HOME?

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

HOME OFFICE SALT LAKE CITY HEBER J, GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, General Manager