JESUS THE CHRIST by Heinrich Hofmann

DECEMBER 1956 Look! w WHITE KING"BlueJeansWksh Bower witli'Cashmere Gentleness Only New White King D has it!

Grimy jeans! - nothing washes them like D. secret? Those special little granules of sudsyPrecious cashmeres! -nothing washes them like powerWhite King's own formula for washing

D. For hereAT LAST-a washday discovery BEAUTIFULLY everything that's washable,

with the goget-'em that gets at dirt PLUS the Yes, jeans or sweaterseverything washes better gentle thoroughness pretty things require. The with White King D. Try ityou'll be D-lighted!

For not only $1.98 jeans

Here's exciting proof but $37.50 cashmeres, too.

that new D is Imagine! this precious cashmere was

washed 20 times in White King D (and Twenty Times Wonderful!..J. it's still as luscious as the day it was

bought) -the same wonderful D that gets your $1.98 jeans so clean and bright.

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

rRAMATic developments have been - made in Australia by the Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research

Organization in reducing the evaporation of water. It has been found that

a thin film of hexadecanol (cetyl alcohol) restricts the transfer of water to air but does not prevent the oxygen from being dissolved. Tests indicate evaporation is reduced from 20 to 70 percent.

The evaporation loss varies in the

United States from 4.3 feet each year

in Louisiana to 9.5 in New Mexico. Last

year Texas lost 18 million acrefeet by evaporation from its 3,800 square miles of natural and artificial reservoirs, while the water consumption was only 8 million acrefeet. Chemical and Engineering News reports work on the problem

is starting at the Southwestern Research

Institute at San Antonio, Texas, and other places in the United States, as well as in other countries.

Decent estimates of the types of atoms -*-* in the universe have given the figures that of all the atoms in the universe, hydrogen and helium constitute 99 percent with only 1 percent for all the rest. There is about 13 times as

much hydrogen as helium.

Tn 1955, Kurt Enoch has estimated, -*- more than 200,000,000 copies of some 1,200 books were sold in paperbound editions priced at 25c, 35c, and 50c, with a sprinkling of 75c titles. About

30 percent of the paperbound books, some 300 titles, were from original manuscripts created just for paperbound editions. About two billion copies of

12,000 titles in inexpensive editions have been sold in the past 16 years.

Donald L. Ives has studied a section of

*-"high country in Colorado which was burned over during the Indian troubles of 186263. By studying photographs starting with those taken by the

great pioneer photographer, William H.

Jackson, in 1872, and later pictures, a replacement rate has been determined for the region. The results of the study

found a maximum brush growth in 25 years, maximum aspen growth in 40 years, but largely eliminated in 65 years in favor of evergreens. Time for complete elimination of fire scar, 300 years

or more. PURITY BISCUIT CO. SALT LAKE PHOENIX POCATELLO

DECEMBER 1956 881 Nationalism in 1956 Wear Your Letter on by Dr. G. Homer Durham

the Blue Ribbon Winner'VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Egypt flourishes its hardwon banner complete control and enjoy power subof independence and sits astride ject to support from Moscow and the the Suez Canal. Israel, long denied Red army.

freedom of shipment through the Suez An example, high lighting the revolt

Isthmus, long engaged in guerilla warof October 1956, is Hungary. With

fare during an armed truce, invades about 9 million people, 65 percent

Egypt. French and British action folCatholic, 26 percent Protestant (Helvelows. The UN Security Council meets tian Evangelical), 5 percent Jewish

and sustains its first veto from the and so forth, Hungarians were largely

British,. Poland and Hungary revolt wheat growers. In fact, after Russia,

against governments backed by Russian Hungary was the largest European extroops. Moroccans rise against France. porter of wheat in 1939. Such people

Chinese riot against "foreign devils"in are not convinced communists. In an

Hong Kong. A taxi is overthrown and election for a Provisional National Asburned. Its driver is cremated. Men sembly November 5, 1945, the results

die in the streets of a dozen cities. were as follows:

if Russia "applauds"Tito's Small holders (Connational communism. servative) party

Nationalism, thought by 245 seats some to be a dying force, Communists.... 70 seats

is alive. still very much Social Democrats o \ "Since forced Stalin out 69 seats

Trotsky in 1924, it has National Peasant been increasingly appar23 seats ent that Russian ComDemocrats 2 seats ml*star mm munism"international."was notRather,truly 409 seats

SWEMER Russian Communism was a nationalisThus the small holders held a clear tic movement veiled by pretense at majority of 245 out of 409 seats. Their

representing "international socialism"leader, Ferenc Nagy (not to be confused

SCORES WITH ATHLETIC STARS FOR MORE (the "Third International"), and at with Imry Nagy, the communist), beWEAR, COMFORT, APPEARANCE, VALUE other times "Pan Slavism."The agents came premier. In June 1947 the regime

of international conspiracy and intrigue fell to the communists. Nearly ten

it Custom made to your measurements in nonRussian countries may have years later, in October 1956, the nonstripes * Sleeve can be added as thought they were promoting world communist forces were in revolt against 'em you earn revolution for an international comthe Russians who backed the comir Your choice of weights munal order. Actually they served the munist regime. The Hungarian loyalvirgin "k Superrwist 100$ wool yarns ties national purposes imperialancient Russian and deeper of an feelings ran

Faster Official school colors ':: x tIt ism, than using the "cultural leadership ties communist and communism

k Nosag shoulders autonomy"instead of czarism and Ruscould build and receive sustenance from if Your name on the label sian orthodoxy. A true international Russia.

it Every sweater registered order remains to be built. The UN with Tito's success as a national comif Special school discounts the veto is yet realistic, and constructive, munist, rather than as a Soviet tool, has

in this important respect. encouraged other national groups. If

CALIFORNIA STATE FAIRS In the past ten years, fear and rethe postwar Russian empire is cracking

BLUE RIBBON AWARDS spect for Russian power have often been up in eastern Europe, no one should 1948, 1951, and 1952 misplaced with fear of communism as a expect liberal, free enterprise regimes to

GOLD MEDAL AWARDS philosophy and political technique. The follow. Rather, Titoism may well be

truth is that both are political factors the pattern. National communist states

1953, 1954, and 1956 of importance. The PolishHungarian insisting on autonomy, too, need not

uprisings of 1956 are particular evidence necessarily be antiRussian. Rather,

Order today from the Official Dealer that Europe's national groupings, let they will be, like Tito, proHungarian, in your community or write.,. alone "one world,"are unready to yield proPolish, propatria.

to any enforced political formula or In June 1950 Professor Merle Fainsod system. of Harvard wrote in the American

The postwar Russian orbit has been Political Science Review that the Soviet interesting to contemplate. First, Rusregime rested on the premise that while JONES sian troops have occupied the satellite the regime "cannot trust substantial eleareas. Then comes a "united front"govments of its own population, it can still

ernment. Under it a Communist party control them."This premise, saidKNITTING MILLS minority finds place in the cabinet Fainsod (who interviewed one hundred

P. O. Box 37235 usually the defense or "police ministries. persons who had fled the regime in

forces "for history has still minority 1949) is one which the Communist Los Angeles, California Then 1 test."provide out of ultimate elements an the to the noncommunist

government. The communists then take (Concluded on page 991)

882 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA UlustcTUakes a Let these beautiful 12"long playing high fidelity Century records help solve your

Christmas gift problems. Brighten the homes

of your friends and loved ones this Christmas season with inspiring music.

Save time... Use one of our two Christmas

gift plans.

(1) We will mail gift records, Christmas wrapped to the person whose address you give us. You may send us a card to enclose

or we will enclose our gift card with your name. (2) You may purchase our attractive Christmas Gift Certificate which may be redeemed for any of our eleven Albums advertised here. We will mail this certificate to you or

to persons whose names you send us to let them make their own selection on the certificate and return it to us. We will then mail

them the record they select.

Our regular price ($3.95) for each album you

wish to give prevails for both plans. Price in- A priceless collection of alltime Christcludes everythinggift wrapping, mailing, cards, mas favorites includes: Silent Night, O

Faithful. Carol of The All Ye etc. Christmas Come certificates, your Let us make

- Halls, etc. Bells, Deck The remembered. gift long your and shopping easy 3

Bclshcizzar's Feast.

BYU's greatest musical effort. The combined resources of

the entire Music Department, 600 participants, perform one of the greatest choral masterworks of the 20th Century.

$3.95

Treasured Mormon Hymns. SoloistChoir singswith theSacredfamedSongsTabernacleby A.

Saints, of Southern California Ye O Ye MounThey Found Him In The Temple, tains High, etc. $3.95 etc. $3.95

Southern California's own 200 voice Choir records the selections they have performed in OTHER OUTSTANDING CENTURY RELEASES INCLUDE the Los Angeles Temple, Hollywood Bowl, at numerous (Vol. 1) -The B.Y.U. Madrigal Singers, (Vol. 2) The B.Y.U. A

concerts and and radio on for TV networks: Come, Come, Ye CapellaLatterDayChoir,Saint(Vol.Hymns,3, 4(Vol.and 615)——OrganYoung AccompanimentRhythm (The B.Y.U. Saints, With God Be You

(both recorded in the Los AnDance Band) geles Temple). Battle Hymn

of The Republic, The Lord's Prayer, etc. $3.95 CENTURY DISTRIBUTING COMPANY

160 West Olive Ave., Burbank, Calif.

NOTICE IMPORTANT for the following order Enclosed money you will find check, mail direct ordered (we pay by records be These may the nmmini records: the encircled for $ Co., the B.Y.U. Book Deseret the postage), or from Book

stores, Bookthrough Stake local or Store, music and record 1 VOLUME 1012 (70's stores Quorums). 23456789

please records, in these selling interested Bookstores Stake Record for is 50* your 7"33 '/3 RPM Demonstration Ave., Co., Olive BurEnclosed Distributing 160 write Century West

bank, Calif, for full information. Please enclose a letter Send me the encircled records (to the address below) [J

organization stating applying that the Stake President from 2 have attached 1 or No. and your GIFT PLAN No.

for or area. I will use bookstore that Stake for franchise is the official

for gift records. instructions and mailing names

Name.

MUSIC FOR. &%fcz ON Address W-—

.Zone.. State

(California Residents add 4% Sales Tax)

DECEMBER 1956 883

LSfficlal \Jraan or THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jhe Lhurch, or

s4e&u6 Lhrlil

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Production Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT

Research Editor: ALBERT L. ZOBELL, JR.

Editor: Manuscript GIBBONS EILEEN

- F. Editors: DURHAM BENNETT ARCHIBALD G. HOMERNIBLEY HUGH HARRIS, R. HUNTER - MILTON FRANKLINContributing Hofby Heinrich head of Christ The - B. B. SPERRY SIDNEY LEE CLAUDEJR. A. PALMERS. - PETERSEN appropriate provides Associate Manager:- an especially General R. BERTHA Manager: CURTIS S. REEDER mann ELBERT

Business Manager: SCOTT VERL for the Christmas and general concover

Director: Subscription A. GLENF. SNARR Era. issue ference of The Improvement Representative: Advertising Regional EVANS THAYER

The penetrating quality of the Savior's gaze reaches deep into the hearts of the beholders. Heinrich Hofmann (18241902), a German painter of historical

The Editor's Page subjects,paintings earlydealingbecamewith thepopularlife of forChrist.his

of his art that excellent many was Christmas and Permanent Peace President David O. McKay 893 So

reprowidely paintings have these been duced. The original painting hangs in

the Riverside Church, New York City.

Church Features Photography by Three Lions.

Your Question: Prayer and Fasting Joseph Fielding Smith 894

Joseph Smith, Prophet of the Living God (A reprint)

James E. Talmage 896 EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES There Were Jaredites—"Our Own People,"cont Hugh Nibley 906 50 North Main Street

St. 50 Offices, Main North Y.M.M.I.A. Course: Jesus the Christ—VI The Child Grows—MIA Reading

St. 40 Offices, Main North Y.W.M.I.A.,.. Doyle L. Green 908

Salt Lake City 16, Utah Be Honest with Yourself—Great Men Pray 912

General Conference Section 913 Copyright 195G by Mutual Funds, Inc., and

Spirituality, the Goal in Life.-....President David O. McKay 914 publishedciations of bythetheChurchMutualof JesusImprovementChrist of AssoLat-

Our Message to the World President Stephen L Richards 916 terday Saints. All rights reserved. Subin price, advance $2.50 scription a year, Clark, Jr. 919 President Ye Not J. Reuben "Go after Them"in advance; $3.00 a year, subscriptions, foreign

921 Fielding President Smith Joseph Bear Witness copy. They 25c single

The Church Moves On... Melchizedek Priesthood 976 Utah,Enteredas atsecondclassthe Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

General Conference Index.887 Presiding Bishopric's Page.978 mailingfor in sectionat special1103. rateAct ofof Octoberpostage 1917,providedauthorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for

Special Features tributions.unsolicited manuscripts,Manuscripts arebut paidwelcomesfor on conac-

A Christmas Letter from President David O. McKay to his Brother, ceptancebe accompaniedat the rateby of sufficient\%C a wordpostageand mustfor

Thomas E. McKay 899 delivery and return.

On the Bookrack 903 Change of Address of this 910 Christmas required for Children Books for change Thirty inplease change, a ordering address. days'Whennotice from Temple Square Word The Spoken issue slip recent a from clude address...Richard L. Evans 946, 969, 972, 989 the magazine. Address changes cannot beof

made unless the old address as well as the new

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. These Times, Nationalism in 1956, one is included.

Harris, Jr....881 G. Homer Durham: 882

General Conference Index 887 Today's Family Kindness for Christmas, Eileen A Little Goes a Long Way, Ruth National Advertising Representatives

Gibbons 980 K. Kent 984

Handy Hints 983 Your Page and Ours 992

TOWNSEND, MILLSAP & CO.

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California ies, Poetry TOWNSEND, MILLSAP & CO.

672 Lafayette Park Place Never Too Late for Christmas Vesta Crawford 900 Los Angeles 57, California

A Dress for Cinderella Lois Snelling 904 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Frontispiece, Christmas Shopping For a New Mother,at Christmas, New York 17, N. Y.

& SONS Ethel with Jacobson the Twins, Dorothy J.

St. N. LaSalle Roberts Mountain, 891 Mother Illinois Eugenia, Moore.962950 30DAVISChicago,

Poetry Page 892 Undying Fires, Eva W. Wangsgaard.966

Christmas Eve, Eleanor A. Chaffee..902 Recipe, Bernice Ames 988 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

884 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a Ye Out of the Best Books Words of Wisdom"-D&C 88:118

Let the LDS BOOKS CLUB help solve your

Christmas shopping problem by sending choice Church books to your family and friends!

Current Selection—-it off the press ingMembershipsnow you arecan alwaystake advantageopen, but byof jointhis

Compiled by Alma P. Burton anChristmaseternityservice,of inspirationgive gifts andthat enjoyment,will bring

JOSEPH SMITH reduce your shopping and mailing problems, and at the same time start yourself on the road to building that longdesired library of

Discourses of The PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH ChurchEach books.four books you buy (including gift

selections) entitle to you a FREE bonus book into the in plan gospel the insight this dispensation has had list will choose from you of choice a the which of the Lord of as teachings the understanding hadNOandMANthe selections will will provide. mail your we We

Prophet Joseph Smith. For many years the Church has needed a book of books the day the order is received, postpaid,

his teachings arranged according to subject matter. This is that book. enclosing an appropriate gift card if you

Classified under such topics as "God and Man/'"Priesthood,""Revelation,"desire.

in In addition, membership the LDS Books "First of Principles of God,""The Kingdom will Club give you these advantages every "MisGifts the Spirit,"ofthe Gospel and in the year: month

sionary Work,"and many others, the book to understand read itwill assist all who SAVINGS the plan Smith,better Joseph the Prophet of about 20% thru a free bonus book plan.

of salvation, and the doctrines and pracJesus oftices Church of the Christ of CONVENIENCE

It sells Saints. for $3.00.Latterday of books delivered to your door.

PLAN CLUB THE WORKS of The METHODICAL book "Discourses ordering the club by 1. HOWYou join the

Prophet Joseph Smith"or one of the four alternates described way of adding to your library.

below. You may order two or more of the books if you desire.

Fill out the coupon and mail along with your check or money acceptedorder. (C.O.D. orders are from

after a memberU.S. oryoupossessions.)will receive BEST NEW LDS BOOKS 2. Each become you month

onein thenamedmail asreviewsthe bookof severalof the month.books, carefullyIf you wishselected,to receivewith as they come from the press.

the top book you do nothing—it will be sent to you in the

withmail, postpaid, a statement. along

the postthe book, you return card providedIf youfor doan notalternatewant OLDER LDS CLASSICS choice at (or none 3. After you haveall).purchased four books, a fifth will be such as the alternates below.

sent you FREE. You select this bonus book from a long list of

provided.choice will be Church which books

only four order during the year, but CAREFUL SELECTION books need 4. You

you may order one or more each month, if you desire. of ALL books recommended.

LDS Books Club FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW ALTERNATE SELECTIONS

LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

JESUS THE CHRIST, by Dr. James E. Talmage. A Gentlemen:

to according his mission of currentstudy the Messiah Please the and a the of as and send enrol me CLUB member BOOKS LDS me I selection, Smith, of Discourses alternate(s) Prophet the understand The Joseph below. or/and ancient scriptures,holy both and modern. MIA

I will receive that free selections bonus four I buy. with each a book r,

for years. coursereading book two $3.00

NAME IN RESEARCH AMERICAN GENEALOGY, by E. ADDRESS K. authoritative book on genealogy, Kirkham. An

providing guidance and helps for experienced CITY AND STATE researchers as well as for beginners. $4.00

Amount of Check or Money Order enclosed $ Please send C.O.D. fj.

TELL ME A STORY. A collection of fifty stories (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

from the "Children's Friend."Particularly suitable Please send Discourses of The Prophet Joseph Smith—$3.00

to children from the age of six to fourteen. $3.00 - ALTERNATES -

Please Send:

WILL A MAN ROB GOD?, by Dr. Milton R. JESUS THE CHRIST $3.00 WILL A MAN ROB GOD? $3.00

Hunter. This General Authority discusses Tithing, RESEARCH IN AMERICAN GENEALOGY $4.00 TELL ME A STORY $3.00

pointing out what the Lord and the prophets have I am also attaching a sheet which contains my gift orders. (Be sure to include complete

taught over the years and the necessity of obnames and addresses of each person to whom you are sending books.)

serving this important law. $3.00

If you do not wish to mutilate this page, send information required on a separate sheet.

i=y"* g=ff r;* t= r=

DECEMBER 1956 885 THE CHURCH MOVES ON A Day to Day Chronology of Church Events

Samoan Mission, succeeding President

September 1956 Howard B. Stone. President Sampson's C The onehundred-twentyseventh

wife and four of their five children will semiannual conference of the of Elder George Morris the A Q. in field the to of labor. Tabernacle began on the accompany Church him ""of the Council dedicated Twelve

for a Square. three served As he young Temple man

ofthe the chapel Gore (Oklahoma) in is years of servicemen's missions Mission. the and Reunions Samoan He

StatesBranch, Mission. Central During

also of a held. former the group were San member

the tour Morris, mission Elder chapels by in (California) Bernardino the held meeting Stake high Salt Lake was A also at dedicatedwere OklaArdmore, in council. the evening under the Tabernacle

homa; Larned and Salina Kansas; direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Barney and Rolla, Arkansas, and Jeffer- 9 A Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the

Missouri. "City, recreationalson Presiding new Bishopric A the dedicated welearly morning Church Q An

forhall the mission were It and quarters Stake center. South Davis (Utah) fare meeting was held on Temple

Missouri,dedicated is as at Independence, also Verda of Val the home and Val Square.

well. Verda Second wards. The sessions of the semiannual conSpanish Fork Stake, number 233 in ference continued.

President O.o David roll call of stakes, dedithe McKay from was formed q priesthood than thirtythousand More **"of cated the chapel the portions Cambridge Stake, of Palmyra (Utah) with bearers the priesthood heard

Branch, New England States Mission. Elder Joseph Y. Toronto, formerly first the conference conducted in thesessionTaberof

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council counselor in the Palmyra Stake, as nacle. Direct telephone wires brought

of the dedicated the president, Twelve T. Elders Ben LoByron and asto service Geslison that congregations of men

is center, Stake (Utah) as which counselors.mond and Bernard Lasson Grant in than eighty sembled more Church

also the chapel for two wards in North The wards in the stake are the Spanish buildings as far away as New York City

Ogden. Fork First, Second, Fifth, Eighth, Salem, and Mexico.

Flagstaff Stake was formed from porand Salem Second, and the Birdseye Other groups of returned missionaries tions of Snowflake (Arizona) Stake and and Thistle branches. and friends held reunions.

the California Mission, with Presdient President J. Angus Christensen of the The First Presidency announced the

Burton Rush Smith sustained as presiPalmyra Stake and his second counselor, appointment of Elder Glen G. Fisher of

dent and Elders Frank Jason Randall Elder M. Blaine Hansen, were released. Hill Spring, Alberta, Canada, to preand Richard M. Allen sustained as Now included in the Palmyra Stake side in the South African Mission. He

counselors. To form the new stake the are Spanish Fork Third, Fourth, Sixth, will succeed President LeRoy Duncan.

Flagstaff and Winslow wards were taken Seventh, Palmyra, Lakeshore, Leland, President Fisher filled a mission in the from the Snowflake Stake, and Prescott and Benjamin wards. Benjamin Ward Northern States Mission and for five

and Verde Valley branches of the Calihad been transferred during the week years served as president of the Western fornia Mission status were Stake. end from given ward Sustained Nebo is a Mission. former as Canadian Hein the organization. Other new stake of president Stake Palmyra was Elder Hill Spring Alberta bishop of Ward,

branches taken from the California MisJames Austin Cope, Jr., with Elders MerStake. At the time of this call to South

sion for the new stake were Williams, rill J. Hallam and Clair Otto AnderAfrica, he was serving on the Alberta

Chino Valley, and Bagdad, with an son as counselors. Elders Harold B. Stake high council. Mrs. Fisher and

organized Sunday School at Grand CanLee of the Council of the Twelve and two of their five children will accomyon dependent upon Williams Branch. Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to pany him on this mission.

the Council of the Twelve, effected The First Presidency announced the

Assistant Elder to these organizations. John Longden,9 of Elder Olson appointment Ralph D. the dediCouncil of the Twelve, Elder J. Elliot Cameron sustained as of as principal the of Logan, Utah,

cated the chapel of the Pride (Louisipresident of the South Sanpete (Utah) Liahona College in Tonga. He sucana) Branch, Southern States Mission. Stake, succeeding President Reuel E. ceeds Ermal Morton, who has filled the

Christensen, recently called as president position for several years.

9 Q The First Presidency announced of the Great Lakes Mission. President The First Presidency set apart Elders

of the President appointment counselors are Cameron's Elders as F. Olsen O. Darley and Nolan Vernon Evan

Reuel E. Christensen of the San- L. South Neil Frischknecht. C. Kunz and to President counselors A. George Raypete Stake to in preside (Utah) the President counselors, Christensen's remand of the Logan Temple.Great acLakes Mission. will be leased with him, were Elders H. Alvah He

companied to the mission field by his Fitzgerald and R. Clair Anderson. *7 This was the third and concludwife and two of their five children. He ing day of the semiannual conwill succeed President Lorin L. Richards October 1956 ference.

in the mission field. President ChrisElder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the

tensen, as a young man, served for 9 President David O. McKay dediCouncil of the Twelve, spoke to the subtwenty-eight months in the Australian cated the new Relief Society buildject "Faith, the Bedrock of Life"on the

Mission. He has also been a member ing on North Main Street, on the Church of the Air program of the

of his ward bishopric. opening day of the semiannual general Columbia Broadcasting System's radio

The First Presidency announced the conference of the Relief Society of the network.

appointment of Elder Charles I. SampChurch. The general conference of the Deseret

son of the East Sharon (Utah) Stake The Relief Society concluded its Sunday School Union was held in the high council to be president of the 4 semiannual twoday conference. Salt Lake Tabernacle.

886 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

OCTOBER CONFERENCE INDEX

Speakers SAFEWAY Bennion, Adam S 931 953 Ezra TaftBenson, of the Family. 949 A Friend BBrown, Hugh

Carl 960Buehner, W Christiansen, 930 The lowest food EIRay L

Clark, J. Reuben, Jr 919 prices are ALWAYS

Evans, Richard L 951 Hanks, Marion D 925 found at Safeway.

Isaacson, Thorpe B 923 Safeway savings mean 935Ivins, Antoine R Kimball, Spencer W 93Z better eating on the

OscarKirkham, A 929 Lee, Harold 940 same budget. That's B

Longden, 936 John why Safe way is a 952McConkie, Bruce R....

McKay, David 914, 968 friend of the whole

Morris, George Q 933 family.

Moyle,.955 Henry D

Petersen, Mark E 947 Richards, LeGrand 927 Richards, Stephen L 916 Romney, Marion G 925 Sill, Sterling W 942 SAFEWAY

Smith, Eldred G. 948

FieldingSmith, Joseph r 921 A Friend of the Farmer

Stapley, Delbert 964 L Safeway <s a friend of theWirthlin, Joseph 945 L

Young, Clifford E 922 farmer, too, by finding topYoung, Levi Edgar 964

Young, S. Dilworth 944 price markets for the quality

agricultural products raised Subjects in Utah and Idaho. Typical

America 923, 953 examples are Fresh Fruits and

Apostasy 919, 949 Vegetables.

Articles of Faith 951 916, Atonement 925 Auxiliaries 968 Safeway Stores purchased $3,787,742 in

Book of Mormon 921 fresh fruits and vegetables from Utah and IdahoChastity 964

Church Beliefs 916 farmers last year.

Church Growth 914 Commandments 930, 951 These purchases consisted of pears, apples, apriConversion 922, 952 cots, prunes, peaches, cherries, celery and cabbage,Dimensions of Life 942

Europe 931 onions and other products. These products were not

Foreign Language Training 955 Holy Ghost 948 only sold in local Safeway Stores but in a 23state

Home 944, 964 Indians 937 market all the way from California to New York.

Jews 927 Joseph Smith 933, 940 Here are examples of Safeway purchases in Utah

Knowledge 945, 948 and the percentage of total shipments out of stateMan 933 made by Safeway:Marriage 935, 936 TOTAL CARLOADS % OF SHIPMENTS IJ EMMissionaries 916, 931, PURCHASED 955 STATE OUT OF

Prayer 923, 953 Peaches 85 30%Prophecy 927 Cherries 32 17%

Restoration 949 935, Pears 28 70%Sabbath 929 Day Apples 49 32%

Scriptures 919, Apricots. 935 16 31%

Servicemen 931 Celery ] 12%South America 955 Cabbage 24 17%Spirituality 914, 922

Temples 936, 945 Safeway, by exporting fruits and vegetables to

Three Witnesses 921 Truth 951 other areas, brings new dollars into the Intermountain

Voting 968 Area, thus helping the farmers.. and what helps the

947Word of Wisdom 925, 945, Youth 944, 947 farmers, helps Safeway.

the of their advice personal NOTE: Upon SAFEWAY IS A FRIEND OF THE FAMILYphysicians neither Elder E. Thomas McKay,

toAssistant of the the Council Twelve, nor... AND A FRIEND OF THE FARMERPresident of Milton the First R. Hunter

Council of the Seventy addressed the conference. Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, spoke on the Sunday morning "Church of the Air"of theColumbia Broadcasting System's radio net- S>iJ$ work. priesthood session The talks will mBHSI in the Report.appear Conference

DECEMBER 1956 887 Motherhood, a Partnership With God Compiled by Harold Lundstrom Here is a delightfully inspiring book which will be a welcome gift for every wife and mother. This authoritative volume contains

choice editorials from the Relief Society Magazine as well as the words of the General Authorities on wifehood, responsibilities of motherhood, and many other pertinent topics. $3.50

Choose Ye This Day By Emma Marr Petersen a particularly appropriate gift of college age. It reveals the

faced by this agegroup in reconciling philosophy, science, and worldliness with religious truths. An excellent

aid to youth on such matters as marriage, word of wisdom, recreation, segregation, and interracial marriages. If you liked

"For Time Eternity?"you'll like this

book, too. $2.00

Inspiring BooJc s for YoutVv

An Adventure in Faith By S. Dilworth Young

Jesus of Nazareth Here is high adventure at its

By Dr. Deta Petersen Neeley the soulstirring best very—

of the A composite four gospels of the story Colby of Jed who, when this Testament, glorious New new child's just shanghaied boy, a was life story of the Savior's has been inspirain his England, from home tion ally woven shipwrecked in the Gulf of against a backMexico, spared from a watery of historical drop to join the grave Mormon llv authenticity to Calitrek Battalion and iircl li told.in. a. and is exciting fornia. This story W dramatic style will appeal strongly to boys

which anyone with and girls 11 to 16 years of fourthgrade readage. $1.75

ing ability can readily under- 6-1 1* ii<i* stand. An enfor lightening book

Tell Story Me A old young and stories delightful fascinating 50 are and Here alike the auby girls 14 6 to for years ideally boys and of thor series: the

from The of gleaned the best very age suited—of "Child's Story companion Friend. wonderful Children's A of the MorBook

Tell."seller, Story to To best the "A volume $2.00 mon."

$3.00

888 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA copies 40,000

of Salvation TYoctrines Fielding SmitbSimi of Joseph Verrnons and Writings

Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie

This popular series contains a wealth of heretofore unpublished information on vital gospel doctrines... written with rare spiritual

insight in an easyto-understand language.

Volume I Is God progressing? What was the nature of our preexistent life?

What is the real story of the creation? What about evolution? These

and many other debated subjects answered authoritatively.

8 - Volume II Clearcut answers on celestial marriage, the degrees of glory, salvation for the dead, temples, the resurrection, etc.

9 - Volume III Explains the events and signs which will the precede second coming A. #*trn of the Savior, prophecies this concerning glorious day, conditions

during the millennium, and many other little understood principles.

GIVE THE ENTIRE SERIES—JUST $3.25 EACH.

From the Crossroads By Richard L. Evans

More than 100 of the choicest sermonettes delivered during the worldfamous Tabernacle Choir broadcasts have been assembled by the author of "The Spoken Word,"Elder Richard

L. Evans. These sparkling twoto-

threeminute sermonettes contain, thoughts on God and love and the b everlasting things. $2.75 roaD

.. - OTHER BOOKS BY RICHARD L. EVANS

And the Spoken Word $2.50

This Day and Always $2.50

Unto the Hills $2.50

At This Same Hour $2.50

Tonic For Our Times $2.50

BOOKCRAFT

1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books:

10;-:,'123456789

for which I enclose check ( ) or money order ( ).

Name BOOKCRAFT PUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE SSKWSftftSK Address

1186 SOUTH MAIN < IN 79yi-------—State

DECEMBER 1956 889 QxfonLBilxfe* Those old folks you love The beginning student will thank you every day for the big,, will be inspired to serious study with easyto-read type in this compact Text a de luxe edition of the Pilgrim Bible.

Bible. French Morocco. Uhrathin Fully annotated. Morocco. Uhrathin 1$us CHmtmos?

Oxford India paper. Gold edges. 3 Oxford India paper. Gold edges. Choice

colors. 5V2 x IVa x IVs". $15.00 of 3 colors. 5V8 x 7% x V/s". $16.00

178x

That young person Mother and Dad Your Minister or Teacher you're proud of will welcome this Scodeserve the best—a beautiful, large can take this thin, handy Reference

field Reference Bible. French Morocco, Scofield Bible bound in hand grained Bible everywhere. Natural Grain Moleather lined. Concordance. Uhrathin Morocco, leather lined. Uhrathin rocco, leather lined. Concordance.

Oxford India paper. Gold edges. 5V2 x Oxford India paper. Gold edges. Choice Uhrathin Oxford India paper. Gold

8i/8 x %". Red or black. $18.00 of 6 colors. 5 J/2 x 8V x %". $23.00 edges. 5 colors. 5x7V8X I3/l6". $14.00

The lovely brideto-be The new Bible reader That special reader will always treasure the Bible she carwill find the Pilgrim Bible's simplified who prefers the words of Jesus in red.

ries at her wedding. Washable French helps a perfect introduction to Bible Red Letter Concordance edition, colMorocco. Silver edges. Gift Boxed. study."Cross references, complete inored illustrations, Presentation Page

Marriage Certificate. Uhrathin Oxford dex, special maps. Blue cloth over and Family Record. French Morocco.

India paper. 3 5/s x 5 3/s x %". $5.75 boards. 5Vs x 7% x \W. $5.00 5x7V4xl 3/8". $10.00

<Jttor& idati 200 styfesjpncedfimn *2to $265?

OxfoixlAmertcas Gift Bifcle since 1675

AT YOUR BOOKSELLER OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc.. 114 Fifth Avenue, New York II

890 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photo by Leland Van Wagoner

Christmas Shopping with the Twins

(Age Three)

.y little Magi, you have led me back MTo the world of wonder from the land of lack

Small hands urging me through the citymaze

Where emerald and ruby wink and blaze.

Sight and fingers fondle the gifts piled high,

Each texture wonderful to hand or eye.

Humbled, a little shamed, I walk your earth,

Sensing within, the sweet and solemn birth

Of innocence renew my wearied mind.

I trail your shining wonder down streets lined

With lighted stars hung over jeweled firs;

Always ahead a higher, white beam stirs.

You lead me, with delighted gestures, far,

Nor rest until we reach the tallest star.

by Dorothy J. Roberts

DECEMBER 1956 891 IN BETHLEHEM

By Pansye H. Powell

Tmperial Rome was Mistress of the West,

Wearing a manyjeweled diadem;

Athens bore sculptured beauty on her breast But Christ was born in humble Bethlehem.

IF I COULD BE AN ARTIST AWARENESS Great Caesars ruled their world with iron

By Frances Yost By Marie Daerr Theirhand,martial legions camped by plain and fen; heart Christmas becomes It time, my art gallery gazed in theT stood and in Israel of David's land out house But * child, listening, wideeyed and A of this Galilee. * of At paintings Man child lead the world of men. born to was A catch candlebeam, each golden To intentArtists best paraphrased had with

With brush and oils, a mere facsimile Each carol note, each church bell's ring. In Herod's palace on the holy night

of God, One. Immortal him, the SonOf flambeaux threw their beams A thousand

to touch worldly nothing him, It stares in wonder at a Star wantedThey afar;

light sets the ablaze East with That orthogon. portrayed Christ inYet light had none travail brighter But Mary's knew no

scarcely believe the can And soundIf artist, I could have whim, be an brightness a distant my earthward from Than night. choirs in the Of angel line his mortal's cheek; would agony star.Each

Sadness would fill his eyes for each shed it tiptoe, lest stands miss on tear. hostelries were of Bethlehem The warm

piled bed, deep, with hay manger ItA physique, powerful be of wouldYet he travelers rich soft the cushions where And to smiles hear the songs with which And purest robings, chemere.In sacred white lay;

Would that some artist's brush could thus Another Child is soothed to sleep. But Mary housed with beast life of the farm,

impart And baby Jesus slept on manger hay.

The crowning glory of his loving heart!

Gone are the worldly wealth, the pomp, the

MARY'S LULLABY But crown,these remain forever undefiled:

The star that shone upon the little town,

By Frances Minden Boggus O Bethlehem! O holy manger Child!

When carols ring beneath a Christmas sky, WINTER SUNSET I seem to hear above their melody,

The obligato of a lullaby By Vesta Nickerson

Lost in the silence of antiquity;

Yet every Christmas time the soft refrain HPhe shadows, lengthening, - pursue heart withinIs heard once more the human flight golden The silent listens as the lilt of that sweet strainThat till, sunlight marooned Of winter

Sounds high above the clamor of the mart. Upon a mountain height,

A holy hush prevails... the song BesiegedIgnites a bycrimsontime, thefire captive flame

Is blended with the music of the spheres, And turns the distant snowy peak

And through the pause the plaintive notes Into a sunset pyre.

prolong The muted rhapsody of joy and tears.—An Eva Luoma Photo

O may that vibrant echo never cease FORESTS FOR SALE

Until all men shall find the Prince of PEACE HAS A CHRISTMAS RING

Peace! By Maryhale Woolsey

By Bernice Ames |\own from the mountains they came,

GIFT FROM CHRISTMAS Peace has a Christmas ring And from far, cool, wooded lands, * Belltoned, with songs the carolers Down to the city's vacant lots

By Mildred Fielder Sing. And narrow streetside stands;

iAN you sing when the songs of the ChristPeace sings the cherubic choir Only the softfalling snow mas are sung? Holding the candles'votive Is familiar to them, and the breeze

Are you lifting your voice with a smile? Fire. Whispering winterwanderer songs

When the bells of the birthday of Jesus are To the lonely, lost young trees;

rung, Peace twinkles from lighted pine heights, are breath of the mountain tinsel angels and snowflakes TheyDo they chime in your heart for a while? Where

crystal trail wild stream's the Shine. Of

Let your grief be forgotten when Christmas Brief green groves among city walls, is here. Peace tapers the yule log's flame Christmastree forests for sale!

For a day lay aside all your woe. And glows in the kindled warmth

Let your love be remembered in holiday Of his Name.

cheer, CHRISTMAS EVE And your heart will reecho its glow. FOR CHRISTMAS

By Ila Lewis Funderburgh By Gladys Martin lies PEACEMAKER THE stillness Eve! hristmas A

for something skies; want earth expectant my dreams and 1 Over Brook Burket ["Gail By golden of glad and Made reverence joy wait and gleams, With men

that Something a can make Monday to celebrate In every land rears its head, controversy like justWhen halo a Sunday, Wear of birth natal whose day The Him chides, gently always She into the dark Say a name sing angels earth. of peace on Made a pancake's"Although of lark, mighty the singing a hear thin, And

has"It always of twinkling two sides."laughter a Take wisp

will voices chant good As to men, after. star forever And my heart

the again it throughout world May as I don't laces thin mist, serves to put homelyThat wisdom want

Her friends and family Gold and silver diamond kissed. Be true in honor and in love,

Into a mood so reasonable I want something really smart, Blessed by the Prince of Peace above:

That they can soon agree. Something special... like your heart. Peace reigns on earth.

892 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA a

(ISSvJGsSSsS

Christmas and Permanent Peace

by President David O. McKay

Andtudesuddenlyof the heavenlythere was hostwith praisingthe angelGod,a multiand intoloves whoseto look."unfathomed depth the eye of faith

saying: There has been but one perfect character in the

"Glory to God in the highest, and on earth world—the peerless personality of Jesus of

peace, good will toward men."(Luke 2:1314.) Nazareth, the Son of God, the Redeemer of the

Such was the glorious message that accomworld. No man can do better than accept Christ

panied the birth of the Babe of Bethlehem nearly as the great Exemplar and the safest Guide.

two thousand years ago. Since then, as nations It is not an easy thing in this old world to make

celebrate the event, people enjoy for a day at God the center of our being. To do so we must

least the joys of Christian brotherhood, and realize determine to keep his commandments. Spiritual attainment—-not physical possessions, not the inin part what it would mean to mankind if peace and the good will of Christmas could be made a dulgence and the gratification of the body—must

permanent reality. be the chief goal.

Only in the complete surrender of our inner

To obtain this feeling permanently men and life may we rise above the selfish, sordid pull of nations must have a change of heart. Hate and nature. We should seek first the kingdom of God

envy, suspicion and greed must be supplanted by and his righteousness. What the spirit is to the

sympathy, forbearance, tolerance, and justice bebody, God is to the spirit. As the body dies when

fore the hopedfor time comes that "nation shall the spirit leaves it, so the spirit dies when we not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they exclude God from it. I cannot imagine peace in

learn war any more."(Isa. 2:4.) a world from which God and religion are banished.

Man's suspicion and lack of trust is one of the I know of no force so potent in eradicating greatest enemies of peace. Nations are distrustthese and all other enemies of peace from the

ful of one another. This lack of confidence in human heart as the gospel of Jesus Christ. True

one's fellow man is even more of an individual religion is today the world's greatest need—

than a national vice. We are prone to magnify sense by the individual of a relationship with

weaknesses and to imagine vices in others that do God—that indefinable something which enters

not exist. into the soul of man and which unites him with

Every true Christian, and especially every his Creator.

faithful member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Only through the application of righteous prinLatter-day Saints, should be militant in defending ciples by individuals and by governments, can the principles of the gospel as given by our Lord nations learn war no more, and establish a and Savior, for, in the words of Mark Hopkins, permanent peace.

true Christianity "promotes industry, honesty, Obedience to the gospel of Jesus Christ will truth, kindness. It humbles the proud, exalts the bring peace on earth because it means good will

lowly, upholds law, favors liberty, is essential to toward all men.

it, and would unite men in one great brotherhood. May the peace of our Father in heaven abide

It is the breath of life to social and civil wellin your hearts as you draw near to him in prayer being here, and spreads the azure of that heaven {Concluded on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 V-} 893 The Editor's Page (Concluded from preceding page) With all my heart I wish the members of the Church and in praise this Christmastide. May the sick be reof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints in all the world, and

stored; the sorrowing be comforted; the lonely have their mankind everywhere, the joys of the Christmas season

hearts lifted; and the weary be rested; the needy be fed; and that those joys will lift them up into a realm where

may the doubting receive assurance; and may evil and we would do to each other as we would have each other

designing men be confounded. do unto us.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Prayer and Fasting

"How old is the law of prayer and fasting? "Is it such a fast that I have chosen? a day for a man

We know that prayer and fasting were to afflict his soul? is it to bow down his head as a bulpractised in the days of our Savior. Was it also a law in rush, and to spread sackcloth and ashes under him? wilt

ancient Israel? When was it introduced as a commandthou call this a fast, and an acceptable day to the Lord?

ment in this dispensation, and when and why was the "Is not this the fast that I have chosen? to loose the

day changed from Thursday to the first Sunday of each bands of wickedness, to undo the heavy burdens, and month? We have discussed these questions, and there is to let the oppressed go free, and that ye break every yoke?

a difference of opinion.""Is it not to deal thy bread to the hungry, and that

thou bring the poor that are cast out to thy house? when

Fasting we may well assume is a religious thou seest the naked, that thou cover him; and that thou

custom that has come down from the hide not thyself from thine own flesh?"1

beginning of time, and always associated with prayer. Here Isaiah points out clearly the intent of the fast.

There are numerous customs and practices that were It was observed with a contrite spirit, a humbled heart, given anciently about which the knowledge became so before the Lord. Evil was to be forsaken, prayer and

common that their origin has been lost in antiquity; supplication offered with a covenant to feed the hungry,

therefore we cannot give time or place where the first clothe the naked, and let the oppressed go free. If they

commandment on fasting was given. It was common would do this, then, said the Lord, "shall thy light break

in the most ancient times, and there are numerous inciforth as the morning and thine health shall spring forth dents recorded in the Old Testament indicating that it speedily; and thy righteousness shall go before thee: the

was well established not only among the true worshipers glory of the Lord shall be thy reward."- Israel, however,

of Deity but also among the heathen nations. All of this had perverted the fast and thus merited Isaiah's and the

indicates the antiquity of fasting, which we may preLord's rebuke.

sume was revealed to Adam.

. We may obtain the understanding from the writings All through the Old Testament we find evidence of the

of Isaiah that fasting and prayer were commanded by the observance of fasting and prayer. Two of the best

examples are worthy of mention here. The first is theLord. For their perversion of this doctrine, Isaiah rebukes

Israel and endeavors to bring them back to the path of story in the book of Esther. This story should be familiar

faithful obedience. His words and commandment are to everyone. Briefly, Haman, the enemy of the Jews,

as follows: forced the king to make a decree that all the Jews within

"Cry aloud, spare not, lift up thy voice like a trumpet, the kingdom should be destroyed. The law was one

and shew my people their transgression, and the house that could not be revoked. Esther, the queen, sent a

of Jacob their sins. petition to all the Jews saying:

"Yet they seek me daily, and delight to know my ways, "Go, gather together all the Jews that are present in as a nation that did righteousness, and forsook not the Shushan, and fast ye for me, and neither eat nor drink ordinances of their God: they ask of me the ordinances three days, night or day: I also and my maidens will fast

of justice; they take delight in approaching to God. likewise; and so will I go in unto the king, which is not

"Wherefore have we fasted, say they, and thou seest according to the law; and if I perish I perish."3 Her petinot? Wherefore have we afflicted our soul, and thou tion before the king bore fruit, and while the king could

takest no knowledge? Behold, in the day of your feast

ye find pleasure, and exact all your labours. Isaiah2Ibid., 58:8.58:1-7.Isaiah points out clearly the real intent of the fast. It is to

"Behold, ye fast for strife and debate, and to smite beberedobservedand fed;in thethe spiritnaked ofwerehumilityto be andclothed;worship.and Thethe burdenspoor wereof tothebeoppressedrememto fist relieved. dare be that the welfare say plan waswith the not shall fast a commandWho of wickedness: ye not as ye do were

to it. Israel? ancient of the ment people Yet had made mockery

tothis day, your voice to make high. be heard on 4:16. 3Esther

894 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA not change the decree, he countered it by permitting the sisters than they have hitherto been done by. Let this

Jews to arm and defend themselves. Another striking be published in our newspapers. Let it be sent forth to

example of fasting is recorded in the book of Daniel. the people, that on the first Thursday of each month, the

When the tricksters plotted against Daniel and had him fast day, all that would be eaten by husbands and wives cast into the den of lions according to the unchangeable and children and servants should be put in the hands of law and when the king wished to deliver him, the plotters the Bishop for the sustenance of the poor. I am willing

said: "Know, O king, that the law of the Medes and to do my share as well as the rest, and if there are no

Persians is, That no decree nor statute which the king poor in my ward, I am willing to divide with those wards establishes may be changed."4 Then the king went to where there are poor. If the sisters will look out for

the palace and passed the night in fasting: "neither were rooms for those sisters who need to be taken care of,

instruments of musick brought before him: and his sleep and see them provided for, you will find that we will

went from him."5 Daniel also sought the Lord in fastpossess more comfort and more peace in our hearts and

ing and prayer when seeking the favor of the Lord. 6 our spirits will be buoyant and light, full of joy and

In the New Testament also there are numerous referpeace. The Bishops should, through their teachers, see

ences to fasting and prayer, when blessings were expedient that every family in their wards, who is able, should they what would naturally consume on the fast this to it is sufficient refer to donate case the Lord. Infrom

10 poor."day to the of Savior, great the our taught inthe commandment

Sermon on the Mount, and to the healing of the youth This custom of holding fast meetings on Thursday was possessed by an evil spirit. On the mount the Savior continued in Nauvoo and also after the coming of the

said: members of the Church to the Rocky Mountains. I can

"Moreover when ye fast, be not, as the hypocrites, of a remember the time when certain business houses closed sad countenance: for they disfigure their faces, that they their doors each fast day and placed on the doors, "Closed

may appear unto men to fast. Verily I say unto you, for fast meeting."It seems that the people were more

They have their reward. faithful in those days in attendance and willingness to

"But thou, when thou fastest anoint thine head, and remain to the finish of a two -hour meeting or even longer.

wash thy face; The change from the first Thursday to the first Sunday

"That thou appear not unto men to fast, but unto thy of the month came about in this manner. Hyrum M.

Father which is in secret: and thy Father, which seeth Smith, who later became a member of the Council of

in secret, shall reward thee openly."7 the Twelve, was a missionary in Newcastle, England,

fast meeting, The other incident is the casting out of the devil from in the year 1896. On the Thursday of the

to of get that in the land excused had members Church disciples heal. the couldthe not youth The whom

of their of pay. a loss with from them employment Some

failed.disciples the asked they Lord had why He

in these mines. the coal workers from came inwere When

it of faith, of their that lack becauseformed them was for if they had faith even the moving of mountains would the pits, they had to go home, bathe, and change their clothes. This was a loss both of time and compensabe possible to them; then he added: "Howbeit this kind

goeth not out but by prayer and fasting."8 tion. Hyrum wrote to his father, President Joseph F.

Smith, and asked why, under such circumstances, the

Fasting and prayer in the present dispensation have fast day had to be a Thursday and not a Sunday. Presibeen carried over from primitive times. From the organdent Smith took the letter to the meeting of the First

spirit principle of fastingization of the the in the Church it there. presented Presidency the apostles and and The 9of prayer has of the Lord. been a commandment is the the In following meeting from minutes of an excerpt

regard to the choosing of a set day of the month, we have held November, 5, 1896:

this testimony coming from President Brigham Young in a discourse in the old tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Decemfast"Presidentmeetings, JosephsuggestingF. Smiththat aintroducedchange of thethe timesubjectfromof

ber 8, 1867.

the first Thursday to the first Sunday in each month "... You know that the first Thursday in each month would probably be beneficial. This was endorsed by

we hold as a fast day. How many here know the origin President George Q. Cannon, and after other brethren

of this day? Before tithing was paid, the poor were suphad spoken on the subject, it was decided that the Taberported by donations. They came to Joseph [Smith the

nacle services be dispensed with on the first Sunday ofProphet] and wanted help, in Kirtland, and he said there should be a fast day, which was decided upon. It was to be each month, and that the saints in this city as well as

held once a month, as it is now, and all that would have in the country wards, should have the privilege of meetbeen eaten that day, of flour, or meat, or butter, or fruit, ing in their meeting houses at 2 o'clock P.M., to observe

or anything else, was to be carried to the fast meeting and fast day."

put in the hands of a person selected for the purpose of Perhaps unfortunately, the time of fast meetings was taking care of the poor. If we were to do this now gradually changed to an earlier hour in most of the

faithfully, do you think the poor would lack for flour, stakes and wards of the Church, which probably has reor butter, or cheese, or meat, or sugar, or anything they sulted in a loss both of spirituality and of observance of needed to eat? No! there would be more than could be the fast.

used by all the poor among us. It is economy in us to

take this course, and do better by our poor brethren and 10 J. of D. Vol. 12:115.

Daniel 6:15.

Hbld., 6:18.

Hbid., 10:1-3.

?Matt. 6:1618.

sIbid., 17:21.

"D & C 59:8-13; 88:76, 119.

DECEMBER 1956 895 exacting detail, at the hand of both friends and enemies.

Few indeed are the historic inquestions in which so many to importance Joseph Smith, Prophet stancesof supreme mankind have turned upon the personality and of the Living God ciatedclaims withof antheindividual,life and laborsas are ofassothe man Joseph Smith!

by James E. Talmage stageWhileof humanyet a ladactivityhe appearedand advanceon the

PH.D. F.G.S., F.R.S. (EDIN.) PROFESSOR OF GEOLOGY, ment, declaring, in gentle tone and

University of Utah simple words, that he had been personally visited and instructed by the

Eternal Father and by Jesus the n the record of the years weakened in their potency to inspire Christ.

long gone, on the pages and impel. Such characters seem to If the basis of this solemn declaraof the years now passing, be more than men; they are recogtion was delusion or illusion, if Joseph

appear names and pornized as representatives of a power Smith intentionally or involuntarily traits beyond count, presenting all greater than that of mortals; they thus proclaimed a falsehood, in short,

degrees of distinctiveness, of varied come to be known as having taught if he was himself mistaken and was significance, and of graded imporand wrought with authority, each of to others an impostor or a deceiver, tance. The pictured lineaments are them the bearer of a special message, then the Church of Jesus Christ of

often faint and undefined, the name each an ambassador with a mission Latterday Saints is the embodiment almost illegible, the characters unspecifically his own. of hypocrisy and deceit, false and cordecipherable; while other pages glow The names that live longest as rupt in all its parts, and the incarnawith the brilliancy of strong imprint, titles of distinction are of men whose tion of blackest blasphemy in the

portrait and biography indelible and message to the world is in a manner very name it bears.

unfading. Of those who read and new, whose mission is specific and disOn the other hand, if the testimony

examine the record, few interpret the tinctive, and whose commission bears of the boy, if the life work of the man, portrait or understand the inscribed the seal of authority. with its tragic close in the dread scenes

words alike. To one the engraved The man of whom we speak, Joseph of martyrdom, if these be genuine and

features and the lettered name are Smith, the Prophet of the gospel of true, then the perpetuity of the inspiring and potent; in the soul of Christ in the latter days; the man Church is assured, its bold claim as

another they arouse anger and hatred. through whom was opened the latest the repository of the Holy Priesthood

The names of the truly great are dispensation in the work of the Lord, is proved, its authority is vindciated, known and remembered for evil as—a dispensation called new, though and its sanctity confirmed.

well as for good, and the noblest of characterized by the restoration of The question of the age is this:

the maligned. the most are commonlymen Smith a Prophet of Joseph

ceding called has world Some whom the authorityepochs—thisand powersmanof allis preone theWas Living God?

cannot forget or ignore,great for a season—for a season of whom men

try as they may. His place in history Tn the interests of clearness andcenturies even—are finally forgotten,

as the specific effects of their indiis. secure; his work is recognized as * precision, let us first assure ourvidual labors are obscured by later that of a mission delegated to him selves as to the true meaning of the

and, perchance, greater achievements. alone. title, in short, let us first seek an anThey are thought of occasionally, but The message he bore, the labor he swer to the question:

their features are forgotten, and their performed among his fellows, the What is a prophet? In common

names have lost their oldtime echo claims he made as to authority and usage and present application of the of power and action. appointment, have naturally and term, a prophet is regarded as one

Others there are whose individualproperly been questioned, tested, and who foretells or predicts events. True,

ity is intensified with the passage of analyzed, with keenest care and most prediction is one of the characteristics the years, whose forms and features of prophecy, yet in no sense is it the are projected ever more and more An only feature or even the principal sharply on the background of time; Improvement function of the prophetic office. By

are the titles, each nameswhose as also of the word itself, of a EEA derivation listed world's in theseparate volume distinctive application by its use and in historylibrary, place whose men scripture, in prophet denotes the term life sacred; work REPRINT and whoseis unique interprets, proone and who receives,

perpetuates itself; whose honor is enclaims the revelations of God. His

hanced by the achievements of their authoritative message may pertain to successors, whose thrones cannot be matters of past or present importance, usurped, whose names will never be not essentially to the future alone.

erased from the tablets of fame "nor Prior to the time of Samuel, one enFrom The Improvement Era, Vol. 9:154ftdowed with prophetic power was

896 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA called a seer; thus runs the record:

"for he that is now called a Prophet was beforetime called a Seer."(I Sam.

9:9.) The specific office of the seer

is included in that of the prophet, and the powers of both seer and prophet are united in the calling of the revel ator.

The functions of the three may be and commonly are combined in the same person; and he, when authoritatively called and divinely invested,

stands as an intermediary between

Deity and mortals. As a seer, he is

permitted to behold in fitting plainness the manifestations of divine purposes and plans; as prophet, 'he is

enlightened to comprehend in part the mind and will of his Lord; as

revelator, he is empowered, and ofttimes commanded, to proclaim the same to the people. Unto him it is

given to ascend the cloudcapped

Sinai, while the multitude waits below; his privilege it is to enter the

Holy of Holies, there to see and hear and learn as his calling and appointment may require. From the enshrouded heights, sanctified by the

Divine Presence, the prophet returns, bearing the new message—not always

writ on tables hewn from the mountain rock, but imprinted and deeply graven on mind and heart—the proclamation of counsel and command unto those who wait and listen for

the word divine, as it is voiced by heaven's ambassador.

Since the beginning of history, the prophet has been as truly a fulfiller of earlier prophecy as a proclaimer of new. Adam, the patriarch of the

race, first seer, prophet, and revelator to the human family, was the foreordained medium through whom the blessing of mortality was conferred on the spirit children of God; and in

the life work so wrought, he became the fulfiller of prophecy uttered, and the executor of plans decreed, in the primeval councils of the Gods.

A prophet or revelator truly sent of

God will bear power and authority to instruct and administer in the ordinances of the gospel of Jesus

Christ. No envoy from the courts

of heaven, no ambassador from the:..

throne of the great King, will be sent out unprovided with the credentials by which his appointment is authenticated; nor will such a messenger present himself and assert his claims

(Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 Joseph Smith, Prophet of the Living God

(Continued from preceding page) tinctive of the exalted calling and harmony with the predictions of John among men unequipped with the inoffice of the prophet, Joseph Smith the Revelator, whose place in the signia of his office. was a Prophet of the Living God. brotherhood of true prophets is not

In the effective discharge of his 1. The man and his mission were disputed by the Christian world; and

duties, the true prophet will not only proclaimed in ancient times; therefore, whose prophetic calling is attested

testify in words as to his authoritahe stands forth as a fulfiller of by the fulfilment noted in this intive appointmeni/Cand ordination, but prophecy, and by his works he constance. The gospel of Christ, the

will also manifest his actual possession firms the claims of earlier prophets. everlasting gospel, was to be brought

of spiritual gifts and specific powers As instances, the following are in to earth again by an angel, and its "pertaining to the prophetic office, by point. truths were to be made known among

duly exercising the same as conditions John, known as the Revelator of all nations and peoples.

require. olden time, describes in part a vision Moroni quoted certain parts of anFurthermore, a prophet of the in which he, as seer and prophet, was cient scripture, including the predicLord officiating in any one dispensashown certain developments that tions.of Malachi as to the fate of the

sion or period will be consistent in would occur in the last dispensation wicked, and concerning the coming his official utterances and acts with the dispensation of fulness, the modof Elijah the prophet, in the last the prophets of earlier days; even as ern present. These are the words of dispensation, to inaugurate a special

his successors will be in harmony with the record as rendered in our tongue: work pertaining to both the living

him. Consistency and harmony as "And I saw another angel fly in the and the dead; he cited the prophecies

here referred to diminish in no sense midst of heaven, having the everlastof Isaiah concerning the gathering of the distinctive and individual charing gospel to preach unto them that the dispersed tribes of Israel, and deacter of the calling and appointment dwell on the earth, and to every naclared the fulfilment of these predicwith which every succeeding prophet tion, and kindred, and tongue, and tions to be near at hand.

is charged and commissioned; indeed, people."(Rev. 14:6.) This prophetic Thus was the restoration of the

unity of the divine purpose is even utterance lone seer by the gospel ofon Patmos the inaugurated—through the declared more forcibly through found partial in fulfilment the early ficial ministration of an angel, as had

differences that isolate each prophet revelations made to the boyprophet, been foretold. Other heavenly perfrom all others than would be possible Joseph Smith. He solemnly testisonages visited Joseph Smith, each

in any mere repetition. fied that he was visited by an angel, coming as a special messenger with

The true prophet is no imitator, whose person he plainly saw, whose a particular message to deliver, and blindly following step by step the voice he distinctly heard, and by a specific duty to perform.

footprints of a predecessor; he is, whom he was instructed. In the translation of the graven

perforce, pathfinder and pathmaker for himself; travels though he as—Moroni;This celestialhis missionvisitant hegavedeclaredhis nameto itsrecordpublicationdescribedtobytheMoroni,world andas thein will others as yet done, have others

be that of a messenger sent of God; Book of Mormon, appears the literal

do, toward destination fixed and known, his special duties often lead his station, while a mortal being, had fulfilment of other ancient prophecy him over ground before untrodden. been that of a prophet among the through the work of the modern seer people who centuries before had inand revelator. Isaiah's fateful preOriginality, relative originality at

habited the western continent. Moroni diction over disobedient Israel ran in

least, is essentially associated with the prophetic calling. The Hebrew instructed Joseph concerning the part as follows: "And thou shalt be

equivalents of our word prophet sigrestoration of the gospel then pending, brought down, and shalt speak out of impressed the youth with the imthe ground, and thy speech shall be nified one from whom inspired utterportance of the part assigned to him low out of the dust, and thy voice ances bubbled forth spontaneously, in the working out of the divine purshall be as one that hath a familiar as water fountain; a from one who pose, and prophesied that his name spirit, out of the ground, and thy

of right a source counsel, a wellwas as a speech would to be come shall whisper out of the dust."symknown

of truth. spring The prophet of God

all of evil bol of good (Isa. 29:4.) naand among

predecessor is without or successor in his own particular mission; yet his tions. The angel further declared From the ground came forth the

is thewords and his works must be conthat an ancient record, engraven on Book of Mormon record;—it

plates of gold, lay buried nearby; that voice of the past speaking from the sistent with those of the prophets before him, and of assured agreement this record comprised a history of the dust, a voice that tells of peoples

with the prophecies that shall appear ancient peoples from whom he had brought low, some even to the state descended; described the personal of actual extinction. This volume as the scroll of futurity unrolls.

of Christ ministrations Jesus among the or stick record of Ephraim—is ordination inoneThrough be may

of fulness "the them; and embodied as is published the now stalled in of the place a prophet who

it everlasting gospel."record This the of or stick book Holy life; this as Judah—theopenly yet, inhas departed the

was Joseph's privilege and appointed Bible; and each is the other's essentiallabors and official administration of

each, a marked individuality as to duty to translate into modern speech, complement. Thus they are one, for

the work and its execution appears. through the power of divine inspiraneither alone is complete as even a

We affirm that by the foregoing, tion. pretended record of both Judah and

and by all other tests involving the Let it be remembered that this Ephraim. (Read Ezekiel 37:1619.)

characteristics essential to and disangelic visitation was directly in (Continued on page 970) 898 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ChristmasA Letter

from President Dai id O. McKay

to his Brother, Elder Thomas E. McKay

The McKay home in Huntsville, where David and Thomas spent their childhood.

.y dear brother and playmate, sticks of red and white candy prodance on the twelveinch blanket ofM Thomas E., truding from the top, and trinkets pure white snow.

I went to Huntsville the other day and presents hidden in between! PerThen came the playmates with

and visited the old home. It was a haps a trumpet stuck out with the their merry cry, "Christmas gift!"

typical wintry day, so you can easily candies; but the drum and sled were In the afternoon the children's

imagine how cold the rooms were in standing nearby. dance! (One of those boys danced

which no fires were burning, and in The air in the room was cold even with a sweet little girl eleven sucwhich none had been lit for weeks. though the last embers in the kitchen cessive times!) Oh, the romance of

The house was just like a large restove were still smouldering—evichildhood!

frigerator. dence if the boys had stopped to think Chores—evening shadows, supper,

There were a few things which I that Father and Mother had sat up and bed, and another Christmas was wanted to do, so I threw your old late enough to welcome St. Nick to gone. Why, to childhood, is Christcoonskin coat over my shoulders and our home. mas day so short, and the next so

soon felt warm and comfortable. For Soon the girls were awake also, and far away?

a few moments I strolled leisurely the lamp was lit—then the "oh's"

from room to room, and being in a and "ah's,"and the medley of sounds Dy this time the treasures of memreminiscent mood, I let my mind of drum, jewsharp, harmonica, and "ory lay before me so profusely wander at will down the lanes of music box! that I became oblivious of everything

memory. I saw "Tommy"and As the sun came smiling over those else. The two roguish lads were

"Dadie"go upstairs to bed, and felt snowcapped mountains, he turned older now, and their winter sports the tender touch of the sweetest the frost into diamonds that sparkled took the form of coasting, skating, mother that ever lived as she tenfrom the leafless trees and seemed to bobsleigh racing around the corners derly tucked the bedclothes around on the icy roads, horseback riding, her two roguish boys and gave them their first evening dance on the old a goodnight's kiss. pine floor in the rock schoolhouse!

i gain it was Christmas Eve. Our /hristmas again, anticipated by the

V* trip up South Fork to get our-**- stockings having been hung where own Christmas tree from the hillSanta couldn't help seeing them, we lay half expecting to hear the jingle side. They were older then, those

of the sleigh bells announcing the apboys, but their stockings still were hung, and good old Santa Claus never proach of good old St. Nick to the

chimney top. Sleep came tardily, but failed to fill them.

finally the sandman succeeded in closCummertime and the swimming hole ing our eyes. in Spring Creek; baseball on the

Christmas morning! I can see "square."Boys and girls strolling

those boys creeping down the stairs "across the Creek"over on the knoll before daybreak—no electric switch plucking flowers—daisies, bluebells,

to press and flood the old kerosene and the modest forgetme-nots, then lamp. Step by step they groped their leisurely back to town where we

in the the dark and soughtway in nail played the games croquet—parlor(or chair) on which each had hung evening redeem our where we had to

respectively his empty stocking. Who forfeits!

can ever forget the thrill of that first Later came school and missions, touch of the stocking stuffed with yet still the tender ties that radiated

Santa's treasures! Apple in the toe, (Concluded on page 977)

DECEMBER 1956 899 Never Too Late For hristmas by Vesta Crawford EDITOR, RELIEF SOCIETY MAGAZINE \

in the meetingdoings to the the side went over scrambled settled Fred up down MitchGrampa"toEspecially, Pass. at Pinon over house box moved and the wagon wide of soft quilts into the on the

spring seat of the wagon box which close to Grampa. night!

his sonin-law Chris had made into Well bundled up in Chris'red And yet Grampa didn't really want a bobsled for winter transportation. hunting jacket and Fred's best fur the new suit Chris was going to buy

"Sure you'll be warm enough, cap, Grampa wasn't worried. He for him as a Christmas present. He

Grampa?"asked Chris, as he tucked never spent much on everyday togs. wanted, for tonight at least, a differthe quilts around the old man. "Fred What he really liked was something ent kind of suit—very different. But,

here can sit on one side of you, and good for Sundays and holidays. No of course, he couldn't mention that

me on the other. We'll get into use to spend money on clothes to to anyone. He was too old to be

Pinon Pass before the store closes, wear at the ranch. It was better to. laughed at.

sure. wear something really good when you "Gramp, this is going to be the

The landscape was pretty as a Christmas card, Gramp thought, and just as still.

shape for Christmas Eve. A woman

like Marge could manage a dozen young ones, easy, but all she had of her own was Fred. But Fred

was something special, so Grampa thought. "There's a thing about the doings that I don't like much,"Fred said, "and that's the idea of sending clear over to Kanarey every year to get Ben

Symons to play Santa Claus. They

must have the idea that no one else can fill the Pinon Pass Santa Claus suit.""Well, I'm worried about a couple *! ZTV:T.a=v,+.; of other things,"Chris said. "See

those ragged gray clouds coming up over the mountains. It's getting dark

warmest ten miles you ever traveled,"Gramp liked the Christmas Eve fast, and I think it's going to be snowFred said, as he placed a big warm custom they had in Pinon Pass. After ing before we cross the creek and

rock for Grampa's feet to rest on. the children's program, and after make the turn. And if we have to

Fred had heated the rock in the fireSanta Claus had distributed the gifts go slower and don't get into the store place coals and had wrapped it up from the tree, the grownups settled tbnight, Gramp's not going to look so that it would hold the warmth a down to a fitting program of a more respectable enough to be the honlong time. serious nature. Each year the oldest ored guest at the party tonight."

Grampa looked at his grandson, a person in the town was honored, and "Don't mind that,"Gramp said, as tall boy for twelve years, spindly, he was asked to tell about other he slipped off one of his knitted gloves too. But that was the way boys Christmases he had known. This and held out his hand to see if it

seemed to grow out here in the wilds; time it was Gramp's turn. Only he had really started to snow. "Pecuthey seemed to shoot right up. Gram-, wasn't old coming eighty. liar things have happened to me and yet—just

pa was a short man. In his young Except for his long white beard, no my suits. Very peculiar. And undays, back in England, he had been one would take him to be a day over expected almost tragic."Gramp

slender, but now he was a little on seventy -five! paused and looked at the snowflakes

the portly side, and glad of it, he often Chris tried to keep the horses at a melting on his hand.

said. Chris was as long as a lasso trot, and the bobsled glided smoothly

at Fred, glanced Finally Gramp the of course, across the rolling youngrope. And, counup and down

right said just the wondering if he had like justsprout, him. try. Fred, four sets of fastened was Fred had

Didn't look a thing like Grampa's sleigh bells to the bridles and to the words, the words that might get Fred daughter, Marge, who was round harnesses, and the sound was good to started to asking questions. Gramp

had never been one to talk muchand jolly, like Gramp. hear.

Chris whipped up the horses, and Gramp was grateful for this country about the past. He liked to give a

the sleigh sped down the valley. The that would never be tame and few mysterious hints about his adventures, really people so that would

pretty as alandscape the hills Christmas the loved crowded. was and He

details. the to hear he want And just thought, as still. canyons, the high Aronto and Ranch,card, Gramp and

Yellow stems in the wheat stubble every tree and brush along the road needed a little practice on some of stood up above the snow, and the between the big log house at the the items he intended to mention, just barely mention, in his talk tonight.cedars and pinon pines along the ranch and the cluster of buildings in

edges of the fields were ridged with Pinon Pass. Fred's laugh—a good laugh—

snow. Gramp was glad that Chris had blended into the sound of the sleigh

"And we're going to get more married his daughter, Marge. Both bells and into the smooth sound the

snow,"Chris said, "but, if we have Chris and Marge were good to Gramp. runners made passing over the snow.

good luck, we'll beat it into town. They had taken care of him since he "All right, Gramp, what about the

We've got to get there before the store had lost his wife. Chris turned over suits?"

closes and get you that brand spankin'to Gramp the best plot of ground "Well, I haven't had many. But

new suit. You got to look dignified on the ranch and called it "Grampa's after ten or fifteen years of wear, a

for the party tonight, Gramp. How Field,"and there Gramp raised man needs a new suit, one that's fit

will it seem to be the honored guest?"a fine garden, almost as good as the and proper for the occasions he's

Now, thought Gramp, is the time one he had in England. likely to have come up. When we

to speak up and say that I don't "I'm glad Marge stayed in town decided to come to America, my wife really want a new suit for tonight—last night,"Chris said. "She'll have and I, why then my Annie said I'd

what I really want, what I've altime to take the town young ones have to have a fine new suit, because ways wanted.... through a couple of good practices America was a rich country, and it

"What are you going to talk about before the doings tonight."wouldn't be right for me to be a distonight, Gramp, when they ask you Gramp thought of Marge bustling grace."

to speak?"around, getting the children into (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 901 Never loo late for Christmas

(Continued from preceding page) to patch the bullet holes, but I But Gramp did not appear to be

Gramp held out his hand again. It thought too much of them. They anxious. He went right on with his

was snowing! He could see the flakes meant too much to me. I wouldn't story. "At this Christmas party the

piling up on his hand. let her."town people gave me a new suit.

"Go on, Gramp,"Fred urged. "Did. Gramp was going good now, and The first American dress suit I ever

you buy a fine suit?"he didn't seem to be worried about the had—and it was dressy. Homespun

"That I did. The best English snow, which settled over them in a cloth, made of natural wool, not dyed,

broadcloth, a fine long coat, and wellsoft blanket. "And then, finally, I just the kind of grayish way wool

cut trousers. And a derby hat to go got a new suit,"he continued. "A looked after being washed and handwith it. I cut a fine figure, you bet. very strange suit. I had been teachspun. There was some black wool

A little too fine."ing school, as you know, for some mixed in with the white. That suit

"Well, I always allow,"Chris said, years. I got paid in all kinds of condidn't even fit where it touched, but

it put a lot of"that if a man is dressed for what he traptions—castoff pictures, stray cups the women who made

has to do, then he's dressed proper, and saucers, a sack of wheat, a yeargood wishes into it, and that helped.

in that suit. Iand comfortable, as well."ling calf, and such—whatever families "I went to England

"It wasn't that way with me,"had which could be spared as payrecollect the day that I knocked at

Gramp said. "I wasn't dressed for ment for the education of their chilthe door of my sister's house in

what I had to do. And I wasn't comdren. But up to this time I had never Pevensey. When she opened the

fortable. When we finally got to the been paid off with a suit of clothes, door, I knew her, but she didn't

outfitting point in Nebraska, I sold although my black broadcloth was know me. I said, 'I'm James M. Rameverything I owned that anybody dangerously thin in places. About sey, your brother from America.'She

would have so I could buy a wagon this time, I had decided to go back looked at me for a long time, and and a team of oxen—such critters. to England and do what I could to then she asked, seriously, 'Is that the

Nobody wanted to buy my black bring my brothers and sisters out way they dress in America?'After

broadcloth suit, although it was likely here to the West. After figuring out a few minutes she began to laugh,

the finest suit in America. Nobody the train fare, and the ship passage and that laugh broke all the restraint

wanted to buy my derby hat. So I money, there was nothing left for between us. It seemed to span all

had to wear them—crossing the clothes. The townspeople must have the years we'd been apart and bring

plains."known my need, for they had a us close together again. Finally, she

Chris began to laugh. He had a Christmas party for me. You bet, a and her whole family came back with

all about that."good, deep laugh. "Well, you must Christmas party—on a night like this me. But you know

have looked right nifty, trudging—with snow coming down thick and "Lucky you,"said Chris. "Nothalong in the dust alongside your oxfast."ing bad can happen to a good man

team, trying to leap over the rocks Chris looked around. It was snowin a good suit. Nothing except a

and sagebrush."ing hard, and the sleigh wasn't maksnowstorm, like this one's turning out

"I cut quite a shine, all right. One ing as good time as it had over the to be."

day some California emigrants, part smooth, crusted snow. "I'm afraid "I like it,"Fred remarked. "All I

of a company, rode by on their horses. we won't get into Pifion Pass before ask is for the horses not to lose their

When they saw me, they stopped the store closes,"he said. way, and I don't see any signs of

dead still. They began to laugh. that."

They laughed louder. They kept Gramp wasn't too worried. "The

laughing. 'Look at that derby,'they thing that strikes me as strange,"he

yelled. 'Look at the parson's suit!'continued, "is the fact that when I

CHRISTMAS EVE didn't need to look dressed up, crossThen, before I realized what was going to happen, one of the fellows By Eleanor A. Chaffee ing the plains, I did look dressed up.

wheeled off to the side of the road, And when I really wanted to look 'Thrice blessed he who in his mind has whipped out his pistol, and—stored prosperous and dignified there in

"Shot you...."remarked Fred. The memory of a little villa'ge street England visiting my sister, I didn't

"No,"Gramp protested, "not at Where soft young voices caroled for the cut much of a shine. And yet it all

Lord all. He shot my good broadcloth Old songs: where on the quiet air hung turned out for the best. Maybe that's

suit. Put two bullet holes right sweet the way it will be tonight."

through the tail of it!"The wentscent of pine, and wideeyed children "So now,"said Chris, "you want a

"And, I suppose, you treasured that Reluctant to their beds, sure they would nice, new, dignified -looking suit, a suit as a keepsake,"Chris volunrise good fit, a fine black suit."

teered, as he whipped up the horses ToAftertissueda nightmysteries.in restlessWhodreamingwakefulspentlies "Well, I'm not that particular."

again and urged them forward Surrounded by the turmoil fenced in stone, Gramp hesitated. "Chris,"he said,

all these, recall in his thought yet can "I wish I could tell you the kind of through the thickening snow. And

long heart the seed in his of hope Finds "I kept it all right,"Gramp said, sown suit I really want to wear. Guess I

"but not as a keepsake. I wore that Bearing its fragile flower, and may seize ought to be ashamed of myself for

faith harvest of his certain the prayer, having such an idea. But I've had suit, bullet holes and all, to every With

fair. its undiminished, beauty And find

meeting and every Christmas doings, this idea for a long time, and I've and every other such occasion, for never dared to mention it to anyone."

nearly twenty years. My wife wanted (Continued on page 990)

902 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA people—and in this book he has done well as from some of the leading women

On the M.an C.admirable/. job of doing just that. ofcarefullythe Church.categorizedThe intomaterialsectionshas dealbeen

ing with "A Word"to mothers, about

CHOOSE YE THIS DAY marriage, about homes, Church servBookrack (Emma Marr Petersen. Bookcraft, Salt ice, to wives, and other topics of great

Lake City. 1956. 156 pp. $2.00.) interest to women. The inspirational

ETERNAL QUEST This book, although entirely fictional, writing in the book will afford real (Hugh B. Brown. Bookcraft, Salt Lake approaches some of the most vital assistance in these times of need.

City. 1956. 428 pp. $3.50.) problems that lie close to the hearts of The excerpts are such that the busy

From a lifetime of Church service young men and women, particularly of woman may pick up and read one or these addresses and writings of college age. The answers to these questwo items whenever she has a minute,

Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant to the tions where there is an answer and the while the woman who has more time

Council of the Twelve, come with real explanation of why there cannot be anmay wish to read an entire section.

import to the members of the Church. swers make delightfully provocative M. C. /.

As stake president in Alberta, Canada, reading for older teenagers and those in and in Salt Lake City, Utah, as mistheir twenties. How to reconcile religion TEACHINGS OF THE NEW

sion president in Great Britain both beand philosophy, what to do about marTESTAMENT fore and after World War II, as an Asriage outside the Church, what about (Lowell L. Bennion. Deseret Book

sistant to the Twelve, Elder Brown's segregation—these and many other Company, Salt Lake City. 1956. $3.50.)

qualifyexperiences bennion, to speak author out of this volume him are treated straightforwardly in questions Dr.

also in lovedefense of truth and and in this teachconcerning novel for young and intelligently Testament New helpfulness to old and young in the people confronted by many situations ings, qualifies for this assignment as a

Church. The ringing tone of his mesthat need clarification today. result of his long preparation and study

sages cannot help sounding an answerThe concrete story makes the lessons of the Master. In this book he has preing response from his readers. The all the better learned.—M. C. /. sented the material in an original mandoctrines and principles he discusses ner, maintaining the doctrine and at

gain lustre by his rare acumen and his I THEE WED the same time increasing their popuability to give just the right phrase to (Rex A. and Knell Skidmore. Deseret larity by the manner of his treatment.

make the truth sink home.—M. C. /. Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1956. The author is director of the LDS

131 pages. $2.00.) Institute at Salt Lake City and conseDISCOURSES OF THE PROPHET After the marriage—what? It is with quently knows the gospel as well as how

JOSEPH SMITH the what that this volume is conto appeal to members of the Church in (Compiled by Alma P. Burton. Deseret cerned. The establishment of the basics the teachings of the gospel found in the

Book Company, Salt Lake City. 1956. for a C. /. home—the patterns,

$3.00.) the economics, the personalities—allthe principles, New Testament.—M.

felt and remake this book an answer to a crying THROUGH THE YEARSHow the Prophet Joseph acted after the revelations came need for help to young marrieds—and to (Emma Wakefield, Provo, Utah.)

to him, and how his followers queried older marrieds who still wish to imThis book has been reviewed previoushim on the receiving of those revelaprove their marriages. The authors'ly in the pages of this publication,

tions, make this book a most valuable inimitable style and their use of conbut in this statement we should like to volume to add to Latterday Saint licrete, practical examples provide most call special attention to a new and braries. A longfelt need is answered stimulating and practical reading. worthwhile addition: the section called

with the publication of this book, since M. C. /. Childhood. Into this new division will

it reveals the firsthand feelings of the go all the firsts in the child's life from

Prophet about the principles revealed. RESEARCH IN AMERICAN his birth to his eighth birthday. This

The formal recording of the revelations GENEALOGY addition affords a concrete directive as in the Doctrine and Covenants is en- (E. Kay Kirkham. Deseret Book Comwell as a specific place to keep the

hanced by the Prophet's own response pany, Salt Lake City. 1956. 477 pages. record. Those who already have their

to them. The vigor of the Prophet's $4.00.) books, may purchase and add this secspeech and interpretation makes this This book provides a final answer to tion or those who wish may buy this

an invaluable book for home libraries. many of the problems in American section alone, with a cloth binding to

—M. C. J. research and should find a welcome make it permanent.—M. C. /.

IN FAITH ADVENTUREAN place in the libraries of everyone who is OF THE should everyone be—in TEACHINGS

(S. Dilworth Young. DOCTRINE AND COVENANTS ancestors. Bookcraft, Salt interested—asthe search for one's A trained

Lake City. 1956. 128 pages. $1.75.) genealogist with many years of addi- (William E. Berrett. Deseret Book ComThe first volume in a proposed Youth tional practical training, Elder Kirkham pany, Salt Lake City. 1956. $3.00.)

Classics Series, An Adventure in has learned firsthand some of the probThe doctrine and covenants, conFaith by S. Dilworth Young, of the First lems which confront researchers. In this taining specific revelations to the

Council of the Seventy, is a good initial book he answers questions and points Saints of latter days, needs to be thorfiction. In this of understood by them.piece oughly is a fascinating This the way to solving problems.—M. C. /.

Berrett discussesstory of book Dr. Colby, and analyzes aboard shanghaied Jed

the Wellington, shipwrecked in the MOTHERHOOD the revelations and makes them become

Gulf of Mexico, who drifted to shore (Compiled by Harold Lundstrom. Bookpart of the life of every reader. In this

where he joined some scouts moving craft, Salt Lake City. 1956. 348 pages. volume he helps answer perplexing

westward, and finally became a part of $3.50.) questions and provides the way for a

the Mormon Battalion. To young peoThis compilation should provide real more intelligent approach to and underple, this story based on fact will prove encouragement and assistance to standing of the Doctrine and Covenants.

absorbing reading. mothers. The book includes material Dr. Berrett, vice president in charge

The author, for many years a Scout from the Presidents of the Church, from of religion for the Church school sysexecutive in the Ogden Council of Boy some of the Counselors in the First Prestem, has long been connected with the

Scouts, knows what will interest young idency, from some of the apostles, as educational field. M. C. /.

DECEMBER 1956 903 31 ress Jfor

j

by Lois Snelling

her, to laid or dress Christmas away. Eve Drake meant On (TIat stood at the window of Christopher

first attractive of that so I'll look Christopher importance imthe enormous

Jl/ Milady's Dross Shop on Sixth pressions. Jeanie Milan was bringDrake can't help being interested in

Avenue, and felt her heart ing a treasure in her door on Christme. Perhaps he may even recall

climb up into her throat and her mas Eve, and Pat would meet the that such a person as Patricia Pettieyes. treasure in her old red wool with the grew once lived at Barton Mills. But

"If I could just wear you,"she said white suede trim. After the Christno, he won't! His people moved away

dress velvetto the blue on the other mas concert the treasure would say when I was still young. A gawky

ofglass,side plate the "everything politely, "So glad to have met you, thirteenyear-old can go on adoring would be all right."Miss Pettigrew,"and that would be a football hero through the years, but

Then she tucked her hands into the last of that. the hero wouldn't remember the

the pockets of her last year's tweed Then it happened. It happened thirteenyear-old."

swiftlycoat walked away. and The so abruptly coincidentally so and Pat's -mate, apartment Jeanie It wasdress in the could posnot window that as almost though it seemed rediscovered Christhe Milan, had whosibly this date with what know

laid deliberately money had been a stenogtopher Drake. Jeanie was

there because of the velvet dress. rapher in the business department of

Anyway, there it was, on the sidethe morning Chronicle, and had made walk, schooning along in the wind the acquaintance of the new staff towards Pat's feet. Two crisp green photographer. When she learned

bills, loosely folded! that he had grown up at Barton

She stooped to pick up the bills. Mills, she was thrilled. "Fancy that!"

But stooping, her shoulder brushed she exclaimed. "You from Barton

against another shoulder and another Mills and Pat Pettigrew from Barton hand reached out, also. She and a Mills, and the town so little. You'll

thin girl with thick glasses straightlike each other because of Barton ened at the same moment, each Mills."

clutching a corner of the bills. Pat She made the date for the three of

felt a quick surge of anger against the them for the Christmas Eve concert, girl. Then she was ashamed. The and Pat never told her that she had

money did not belong to either of always dreamed about Christopher them. And the girl was merely Drake. She hadn't met him in all

walking along the street, just as Pat those years, but she still saw him herself was. Pat managed a smile, through her thirteenyear-old eyes.

and slid her fingers from one of the "What will I wear?"she asked of

bills. Jeanie. "My wardrobe is a dud, but

"They both seem to be twenties,"I just never seem to have money for she said. "What about each of us anything new. A receptionist's salary

taking one?"is pretty small, Jeanie. And I'm

"That would be fair enough,"the helping Mother on that awful bill girl replied with a smile of her own. for remodeling the house, and we

Then, with one of the bills in her just have to keep my kid sister in hand, she turned a corner and walked business school, so—

away. "So,"said Jeanie placidly, "don't

"At noon,"she thought happily, "I worry about it. Cinderella didn't

will go to the shop and have the have a decent rag to wear to the 904 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

: i f

-J s*<r

Her knock on the door at one of the shabbiest houses brought her face to face with a roughly dressed woman.

prince's ball, but she got there and of the Chronicle, "Here's something over her shoulder as she went, "More had a wonderful time. Got the sad. I hate these things at Christmas likely some tightfisted dowager with

prince, too."time. Listen, Pat: Lost. Yesterday more money than she knows what

Pat remembered Jeanie's scattermorning on Sixth Avenue in vicinity to do with."

brain prattling during the morning of Salem Church two twenty dollar Cached in a dresser drawer was as she went about her work at the bills. Reward. Mrs. Molly Molloy. Pat's reserve fund. It was chronically

office. Well, perhaps Jeanie was 3800 Blakely Street"Jeanie sighed, meager and was kept there for necesright! Anyway, in her purse was a "Probably the last penny the poor sities. The two ten dollar bills she

nice green bill, come out of nowhere! woman had."lifted out left a blank space for her

And, clad in blue velvet, she would Pat almost strangled on the orange share of the apartment rent that meet the football prince she had never juice. She wanted to scream loudly. would soon be due. Pat left earlier

forgotten. But instead she sat very still, staring than usual, and there was no time for

into her glass. Now, why in the reconsidering. Of course Mrs. Molly

A t noon Pat went to Milady's Dress world did Jeanie have to read that adMolloy would live a long distance -*- Shop and had the dress laid vertisement out loud? Of course it out, and one would have to pay bus

away. This was the twentysecond. was true that whenever she had the fare to get there. And of course one

She would have the dress sent to the time, Jeanie always read every word must first go to Milady's Dress Shop."

At the door Pat took a deep breath.apartment on Christmas Eve, and it in the Chronicle—it was her paper,

would be a surprise to Jeanie. The wasn't it? Jeanie always said. But Mentally she tightened a screw on

saleslady was elaborate in haughty she didn't have to read every word her will power. Then she shoved

graciousness as she took the blue velaloud! herself in quickly to face the supervet from the window. Pat had not told Jeanie about findcilious saleslady.

"It is a really heeootiful item,"she ing the bills. She meant to tell her "I—I am sorry,"she said to the

purred suavely. "You are a very forthe news when she showed her the woman who was bestowing a sales

tunate purchaser, indeed."blue velvet dress. But now, rememhoping smile upon her, "But I must

"I know it,"Pat replied in a humbering the thin girl with the thick cancel my order for the blue velvet ble voice. glasses and the haughty saleswoman dress."

The following morning while Pat at Milady's, she set her glass down The smile froze instantly. Coldly

was drinking her orange juice Jeanie with the juice still in it. She went polite, visibly disdainful, the woman

said from behind the outspread pages into the bedroom and said sharply (Continued on page 987)

DECEMBER 1956 905 There Were Jaredtfes

by Dr. Hugh Nibley

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY OUR OWN PEOPLE 263-4),importantthe(Ch.horse83);fair andbeingin especiallythe saga wherehouses andhe stoppedbe knownforattheall night,the placesreContinued we see the caravans of merchants movceiving hospitality from his own class,

the Thithrikssaga, Attila's ading between Europe and Asia exactly family, and order, with a proper

Inmirers admit quite frankly that it as they had done in the earliest heroic formal exchange of credentials and was his intention to conquer the ages. (Ch. 125.) The proper business identification. (Chs. 106, 110.) The

world (Ch. 145); he cultivated the of a king is to raid other kings'lands, knight traveled with his coat of arms

myth that no one could resist him take as many horgir (castles, strong and badge of nobility on full display, (Ch. 225), and to paralyze all opplaces) as possible (Ch. 46, 141), and so that it might be recognized by

position practised a policy of dereturn with lots and lots of cattle. friend and foe at a distance. (Chs.

liberate Schrecklichkeit, as did his (Ch. 8.) Brides were bought with 108, I73ff.)

rivals. (Ch. 51.) When he decided cattle, as in Homer, and to refuse an They wore Asiatic dress, the trouon an expedition, he would summon offer of marriage was a fatal insult: sers and armor invented by the riders

all his followers and address them "If you do not give Attila your daughof the steppes. (Ch. 97.) The castles

from a wooden tower, exactly as the ter to wife,"says his messenger to a in the saga are most interesting: they

Roman emperors and the Hittite great king, "he will do damage to are great wooden structures (Ch.

kings used to do. The Book of Moryour domains."(Ch. 50.) 252) used primarily as gisting places

mon students will think instantly of When Osantrix became convinced—overnight stations and military

certain Jaredite and Nephite paralthat Attila points. 63f, to conquer was, out the strong (Chs. 244, 104.)

lels. world, together against "he gathered in a necessity a world was The castle

The conquest was not fitful but him all thepeople of his realm, and of robber bands, individual outlaws, planned and systematic, closely folno people could stand against them and adventurers (Chs. 104, 118); yet

lowing the procedure attributed to to whatsoever land they came."(Ch. they as much as anything were reOthinn in the prose Edda: in every 147.) As the two kings squared off sponsible for the existence of. such

newly occupied land a stath or adfor a war of extermination in the best classes of people, for their primary ministration center was set up, a Jaredite fashion, their affairs were purpose was to serve as headquarters castle built, and a trusted relative of regulated with great formality: the for the exploitation of both farmers

the king, usually a son, left in charge. proper challenging letters were duly and merchants. (Ch. 118.)

The saga makes it very clear that exchanged and the summoning of the In the Thithrikssaga the great these heroes made no distinction at two armies was carried out with ritual houses like the kings themselves, are all between hunting and warfare; decorum. (Ch. 282.) When such always attempting to draw off each

and when they were not doing the armies met, each king would set up other's supporters. (Ch. 125.) The

one or the other, they could be found his landtiold or royal pavilion oppoburning of each other's castles, as in refreshing themselves at their endsite the other and challenge his rival Froissart, amounts almost to a formalless veitzla, the reciprocal banquets to a duel. (Chs. 52, 195ff.) ity. (Ch. 89.) To put a rival out of

they would give for each other in These single combats between kings the running and yet spare his life by their castles. (Ch. 56.) All the nobles were common, and formal rules of the expedient of mutilation was comof. Europe and Asia were invited to chivalry were observed, such as "no mon (Ch. 86), as was the custom of

Ermanrich's great veitzla, where he striking under the shield."The heroes rival lords keeping each other "in

gave out gilt and purple robes, gold, would fight all day long until evening, strong irons"(Ch. 152) after having

rings, and treasures, exactly as an then retire to their tents for the night, obtained control of the rival's person eyewitness tells us the Emperor and renew the contest next morning. by some such neat device as a breach

Justinian did when he entertained the (Chs. 133, 200, 201, 204, 275.) On of hospitality. (Ch. 62.)

chiefs while striving'Hunnish the kings occasion his best one were so worked Occasionally havsome adventurer, s their customs. to adopt righting they up that on went even ing or too poor been dispossessed

Of kings in general the saga tells after dark, and kept it up until both own a castle, would seek out someto us that they must be rich in cattle, fainted from loss of blood. (Ch. 200.) wild region, some forest tract, where

good riders, and generous givers of The defeated king in such a combat he would gather his followers for a wealth. (Ch. 45.) For this last a was either beheaded by the victor or series of raids to build up his power.

king must needs be acquisitive and fell on his face before him, swearing (Ch. 53.) In battle and when gathershrewd (afli oc hug). (Ch. 182.) The awful oaths of submission. (Ch. 54.) ing or rallying his forces the chief

great chiefs themselves were skilful A regular tribute of cattle was dehimself would carry his banner. (Ch. traders and businessmen—to that g-ift manded by the victor. (Ch. 248.) 271.) Every retainer swore not to

in no small degree they owed their As in other heroic cultures, it is return from the battle until the king power. The torg or market was unvery important for a noble "that all did: The king must be by the rules

der their special protection (Chs. 80, men may hear his name."(Ch. 137.) of the game the last to die. (Ch. 28328Procopius, Anecdot., VIII, 5, 9, 13f. It must be spoken of in the great 4.) And by the same rules his proper

906 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA opponent had to be a rival king hast not made us mighty in writing instantly apparent. There is somewhom, as we have seen, he would like unto the brother of Jared,'he thing completely lacking in every

challenge to single combat. says, 'for thou madest him that the case, but until our own generation

The Thithrikssaga was first pubthings which he wrote were mighty nobody knew what it was. It is

lished in 1853. No English translaeven as thou art, unto the overpowersimply that real epics tell the truth.

tion has appeared, and so far as we ing of man to read them.'(Ether We can thank Milman Parry for

know, it has never been translated 12:24.) This applies not only to the showing us that 'a genuine epic can

into any other language. case of two men, however, but also only1 be5 5)the product of a genuine epic

to the gifts of the two civilizations as milieu.

The Book of Ether as an Epic a whole: '... Lord thou hast made us "In other words,"Blank con-

"So now we come back to the mighty in word by faith, but thou cluded, "epic literature cannot be

Jaredites!"cried Blank one evening hast not made us mighty in writing; faked."

a year after the three friends had for thou hast made all this people "Perhaps with what is known tobegun their discussions. that they could speak much... and day about the epic milieu a better

"It has been a most interesting thou hast made us that we could job might be done. It shouldn't be

trip,"F. conceded, "but I wonder if write but little... wherefore, when too hard now, for the great 'literary'

it was really necessary to go so far. we write we behold our weakness, epics are not merely off the track

Twentytwo epics is quite a workout."and stumble because of the placing in their epic details and offpitch in

"I think it was necessary,"Profesof our words;...'"(Ibid., 12:2325.) the epic idiom; they are, every one

sor Schwulst said thoughtfully. As Matthew Arnold has shown in of them, incredibly misinformed,

"When we are dealing with nonhis wonderful essay on the translacrude, and clumsy-—childishly so.

mathematical subjects, it is hard to tion of Homer (the greatest work of They are often great poetry, but as know at what point we can say a literary criticism in the English lanfaithful pictures of the worlds they thing has been proved. The only guage, according to Housman), the mean to depict they are commonly

way we can be sure is by overproving most remarkable thing about a true misinformed. The best scholar of the

it."epic is the way in which it surpasses wouldbe epic writers was Sir Walter

"And there is more to it than that,"all other literature in power and Scott; yet who does not know today

Blank added. "Who, for example, directness, a peculiar force and imthat his. works are monuments of inauthorized Chadwick or anyone else pact that renders a real epic imposaccuracy? The reason for this fatal

to decide just what things are to be sible to imitate or translate. Only a defect in all their works is that none

taken as the true hallmarks of epic real epic milieu can produce it. All of these great men was aware of the

poetry? How do we know that his other writing is pale, devious, laborifundamental difference between a real

list is anything but his own idea? ous, and ineffective by comparison. epic and every other type of writing.

Only by reading the epics ourselves. Moroni in editing Ether is keenly A real epic describes a real world,

Each one is an organic whole, and aware of his inability to do justice while they insisted on describing not to be broken down arbitrarily into to the writing before him. It just imaginary ones."

Leitmotivs. Far more important than can't be done, he says, and he is "Yet,"said F., "the author of the

any statistical checking of recurrent right. He plainly tells us that the Book of Mormon seems to have been

themes is the impression each epic original Ether is a type of composiaware of that difference—he must

makes as a whole. And that imprestion unfamiliar to the Nephites, "who have been, to make Moroni say the

sion can only be learned if you read like ourselves obviously had no true things he did."

each masterpiece from beginning to epic literature.""And since Moroni has taken the

end.""Why do you say 'true'epic?"F. liberty to change the language and

"So it looks as if your most powerful asked. form of the Jaredite record,"Schwulst

tool for proving the book of Ether "Because there have been so many added, "I am afraid our source can is one that nobody can use!"F. obfalse ones,"Schwulst volunteered. no longer be read as an epic."

served with a smile. "Let us remember that clever writers "It must have been tremendous,"

"Well almost nobody,"Blank conin every age have tried their best to said Blank with a sigh, "'unto the ceded. "But since we three have gone produce epic poetry. Since everyoverpowering of man'to read it. And

so far, may I suggest as our last unbody always thought such poetry was all we have now is Moroni's brief dertaking that we read the book of simply the product of literary genius, summary, made from a translation

Ether once more—not as an epic, for no one could see any good reason why and interlarded with his own notes

it has been divested of its epic form, a literary genius of sufficient deterand comments. That means that all

but as a rich depository of epic matemination could not produce an epic. that is left to us is the gist of the epic

rials?"So Virgil, Dante, Camoens, Longmaterial...."

"What do you mean,"said F., "'difellow, Apollonius Rhodius, Tegner, "Still that should be enough for a

vested of its epic form'?"Tennyson, and Milton, to name only thorough testing,"said Professor

"Our editor, Moroni, admits the a few7, burned barrels of midnight oil Schwulst. "There are forty pages of

damage,"Blank replied. "He says in the production of what they fondly it, and some of them are amazingly

that the men of his day were conthought was true epic poetry. And compact. So let us now go back

spicuously lacking in the peculiar you know the answer: No matter again to Chadwick's list, and this

literary gifts of those who wrote the how great the poet or how noble his time see how it fits the book of original book of Ether: 'Behold, thou verse, the artificiality of his work is Ether."(To be continued)

DECEMBER 1956 907 The Child Grows *te# lMt|&'$

M ilSfe MIA READING COURSE:

JESUS THE CHRISTVI />jyMANAGINGDoyle L.EDITORGreen

the around place halfway taken the cried Lord unto of son Helaman, happenings wondrous andGreat those unbeen given world they had debe not might people the that the Lord the coming of marked to the earth. On both hemistroyed. What a thrill he must have mistakable signs. Great were their

spheres marvelous events occurred.* experienced when Jesus himself anblessings!

In the land we now call the swered the prophet's prayers, saying, Over in Palestine, where Jesus was not was announcement the born, of the people righteous theAmericas, cheer: good be of head and Lift up your as there none prophet, was to a made anxiously of wereBook Mormon this is at on and hand, time the for behold,

Neither land. it made was the in all birth, because his not onlyawaiting the given, on and sign the shall be night

of the importance of the event itself, morrow come I into the world.... to a leader of church or state. In

but also because their very lives were keeping with the humble birth in a in danger If the promised signs did That night a marvelous thing hapmanger, the word was given to some not soon appear. pened. The sun went down as usual, lowly shepherds who were keeping a

Some 595 years had passed since but wonder of wonders, darkness did lonely vigil, watching over their sheep

Lehi and his family had left Jerunot come! All night long it remained in the fields.

salem, when the great Lamanite as light as if it were midday. About a mile east of Bethlehem on

prophet, Samuel, standing upon the How the faithful members of the a plain is a little town now called walls of the city of Zarahemla, had Church rejoiced! This was the night the Village of the Shepherds. Nearby

prophesied to the Nephites that in they had been waiting for. This is a field where tradition says the

five years the Son of God would come was one of the signs which had been shepherds were with their flocks on to the earth "to redeem all those who promised. Their lives would be that holy night when the angel gave

shall believe on his name."He had spared. The Savior of the world them the glorious news.

told of the signs that would be given. would soon be born. After he had told them that Christ

The Lord had instructed him, he had What a blow to the nonbelievers the Lord was born in the city of said, to prophesy these things and who had scoffed at the words of the David and that they would find him call upon the people to "repent and prophets, had persecuted the saints, in a manger there, the heavens broke prepare the way of the Lord."and had even planned to destroy forth with angelic music, with a

Some of those who had heard the them. They were frightened because whole multitude of heavenly hosts

is prophet's words had believed and of their sins, their unbelief. Many praising and glorifying God. This

were baptized. Others had not befell to earth as if they were dead. the only record we have in all of the

lieved. As the months went by and The sun arose the following scriptures where heavenly choirs were

the time drew near that the words of morning, but it brought no new light. heard. But when had such an event

the prophet should be fulfilled, some Later the second promised sign apever taken place before? How great

bright, and glorious was the rejoicing among the heavenly of the unbelievers chided the faithful peared—a new,

saints, telling them that their joy and star! beings who knew what the birth of

their faith had been in vain. Some of How the saints must have wished the Savior really meant. Had the

those who did not believe became so that they could be living in the land people of the world been blessed with filled with evil and hatred that they of their fathers across the waters so the same knowledge, surely the whole actually set aside a day on which the that they could rush to the birthplace earth would have been waiting and faithful would be put to death if the of the newborn baby and see the looking for the sign, and, joining the signs which they had been waiting Savior with their own eyes! But how angels, they too would have spent

for did not appear. thankful they must have been that this holy night singing and praising

It was then that Nephi, the grandthey had not been forgotten, and that God.

even though this blessed event had The shepherds must have been very article 3 are from this in references *Scriptural this be given good men to and special from Lionel Benton Fletcher, Illustration by Major 2; and 14; Matthew 5; Micah 1; Helaman Nephi

Sketch, published by Cust's Jerusalem: A Historical 2. Luke say that experience. Some wonderful London. Ltd., Black, A. & C.

908 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA they were righteous men especiallybelieved them, it is not indicated in too, even though the Savior had come selected to take care of sheep which the records. Why, people must have to earth, the people among whom he

were to be sacrificed on the altars in thought, would common shepherds lived still had to walk by faith, even the holy temple at Jerusalem. This out in the fields at night be blessed as they had agreed to do in the Grand

we do not know, but we do know with a heavenly visitation? Surely Council in heaven.

that immediately they believed, and word of the birth of the promised Very little is known of the early after the angels had gone they said Messiah would be made to the priests life of the Savior. The entire account

to one another, "Let us now go even in the holy temple. And was it not is covered in a few verses in the Bible.

unto Bethlehem, and see this thing most unlikely that the king would Historians say that this is not unwhich is come to pass, which the Lord be born among the cattle in a stable? usual, however, as it was not the

has made known unto us."Perhaps the shepherds'story was practice of the times to make records

So they hurried into the city and not received any better than was of childhood activities.

searched until they found Mary and Joseph Smith's when he told of his We are indebted to the Gospels of

Joseph, and the babe lying in a manfirst vision. And perhaps, when few Matthew and Luke for the little inger. Surely they told the mother and believed, they stopped telling it. formation we have.

the father of the words of the angel, There are reasons why the birth When the baby was eight days old, of the glory of the Lord that had of the Son of God was not announced after the custom of the Jews, he was shown round about them, and of the widely. Perhaps he needed to be circumcised and named Jesus, acheavenly host which sang praises unborn and reared in obscurity so that cording to instructions given to Mary

to God. This but confirmed what he could live a normal life as a child by the angel when he first visited her.

Joseph and Mary already knew. What and a young man. It is not difficult Jewish custom required Mary to

was their reaction? The record to imagine what his life would have remain in seclusion for forty days

merely says, "But Mary kept all these been like if it had been generally after the birth of her son. During

things and pondered them in her known who he was. this time she could not appear in

heart."Remember that Herod was on the public, or even go outside her dwellthrone. He would have killed this ing. But after this period of waiting

W/hen the shepherds returned to baby if he could have found him. she was able to go with Joseph and

"their village, wanting to share Even if Herod had not succeeded, take her baby to the temple, just six their wonderful experience with had the identity of the baby been miles away at Jerusalem, and go others, they told their families and known by many, Jesus would have through the rite or ceremony of puritheir friends about the angels and been such a curiosity that his life fication or cleansing. On this occaabout the baby, but if many people could not have been normal. Then sion they were required to take to the

priests a lamb, or a pair of turtle doves or two young pigeons to be sacrificed on the altar. The fact that

Mary and Joseph presented the latter, probably purchased from dealers in the temple, indicates that they had no money to spare.

Although women could not enter the Court of the Men in the temple, husbands were permitted to go with their wives into the Court of the

Women where the ceremony of purification took place. Joseph was

there with Mary. After the prayers

and the ceremony were completed,

Mary, along with the other mothers who had assembled for the same purpose, was pronounced clean. Now

she could associate with her friends, go to church, and in every way return to usual life.

In the Jewish household the firstborn son was considered to be especially holy, and it was the practice of the people to "present"or dedicate him to the Lord. This ordinance also

was performed by the priests.

But even more happened in the (Continued on page 985)

Artist's conception of Joseph and

Mary resting, with Baby Jesus, during flight to Egypt. From a painting by

Van Dyke.

JBooks for Children this Christmas

period with his mother, and on into mashe spends many hot grueling hours returity when he fights for and wins—/.a H.mate.Z. hearsingthe showboat.for theE. eveningJ. M. performances on

COME BE MY FRIEND THE REAL BOOK ABOUT (Irmengarde Eberle. Dodd, Mead & ComAMAZING BIRDS

pany, New York. 149 pages. $2.75.) (Eve Merriam. Garden City Books, Garden

Ierry wasn't too sure he could take care of City, New York. 226 pages. $1.95.)

** himself when the big boys at school Dirds that sing, birds that dance, birds started teasing him, especially now that with tails three times as long as the rest

Sam, his big brother, would be gone. The of them, birds with no tail at all, birds that

BRIGHAM YOUNG story of how, with the help of a stray dog plant fresh flowers in their playhouse every puppies, her a friend Henry, named Messner, Burt. Julian Inc., New and(Olive these and more can be many met a day—all

little girl Lollipop, and some named pages. $2.95.) 192 1956.York. of on the pages this fascinating book.

A young person's biography of Brigham feathers, he gains the respect and the ad-—/. H. Z.

Young, this book will prove of great miration of his schoolmates makes interestinterest to adults as well, for the author, ing reading.—/. H. Z. MR. STUBBS

Olive Woolley Burt, has a style that de- (T. L. McCready, Jr. Illustrated by Tasha

mands attention from the first moment and THE INDIAN'S SECRET WORLD Tudor. Ariel Books, Farrar, Straus & Cudahy,

throughout the book. This biography begins (Written and illustrated by Robert Hofsinde New York. 47 pages. $2.50.)

with Brigham Young when he was seven (Gray Wolf). William Morrow & Co., New IVlii. Stubbs, called that because he was

years of age and carries him through his York. 1955. 96 pages. $3.95.) born with only the tiniest stump of a

intrepid life of leadership until the time THhis is a beautiful book, in makeup as well tail, was a tomcat and everybody's favorite.

of his death when he recalled vividly his as content. A gifted painter, the authorHis adventures make interesting reading.

allegiance to the Prophet who had restored illustrator of this book has lived with difThe illustrations, many in full color, are the true Church.—M. C. /. ferent Indian tribes and has made a study lovely.—/. H. Z.

of them, the American Indians, for years.

Lucky people—and the THE COMPLETE BOOK OF HOUSE OF CONTRARY MYSTERYTHE

book in their older folk—whowill be thehaveyoungthis SPACE Vantage TRAVEL Robinson. The Clapp (Dorothy

Press, New York. 1956. 86 pages. $2.50.) homes.—M. C. /. (Albro Gaul. Illustrated. The World Pub-

'Phis writer for adults has turned her lishing Company, New York. 1956. 160

talents to a book for young folk which, INDIAN SIGN LANGUAGE pages. $4.95.)

illustrated (Written Hofsinde Robert and by to 'This in up interesting prove book—right its will mystery,with

Wolf). (Gray William Morrow & Co., New interest older find the willreading. and girls Both travel—will the minuteboys—and

1956. York. pages. $2.50.) 96 their fathers, unless I'm mistaken. /. much C. grippingmystery boysreading.—M.

".. states, nTiiE language. sign author was deals the with book forthcoming space The

post, tells the universal language ship, the rocket of the American about and indiOF SOUND MAGICTHE tribes."the early cates the Indians qualifications what a young From must man illustrated by Larry KettelIndian and (Written

learned the to trappers possess in order mountain of and qualify men as a member William Morrow & Co., New York.kamp.

of this talk in sign of with working value the the such crew a ship. Moreover, the book 1956. S2.00.)

is fascinating Indians. a discusses venture and planets, This the the moon, and the illustrative exsimple, of the helpWith

experiwill that people enjoy young one /. C. sun.—M. illuminating this concise and periments,

if use it with, never with even menting of uses principles the discusses andbook /. their C. Indian American INDIANS THE PUEBLO theybrothers.—M. of magic the phenomenon, this everyday

sound. Diagrams and illustrations by the (Sonia Bleeker. William Morrow & Co.,

York. pages. $2.00.) 155 New THE WINGED SWORD understandexplanations the author make

(Leslie William White. Turner Morrow & series in the additional 'This book on the reader. youngest E. J. M. able to even the

1955. pages. $3.95.) York. 375 Co., New its takes Indians of the States United

THE STRANGER I eslie Turner White has thrilled thouplace as a necessity for those who would (Stella Weaver. Pantheon Books, Inc., New sands of readers with his fastpaced have understanding and love for their Red

York. 1956. 220 pages. Teenage fiction. novels of action and high adventure. This Brothers. Eighth in a series of books about

$2.75.) new story has every element of pageantry families of Indians, this book, as all of

Tn this story about the Irish countryside and romance that has made Mr. White's Sonia Bleeker's books, should be available

and Irish people, the author injects a name synonymous with exciting reading. to young people to impart correct informagood deal of mystery, as two young people Full of the vigor and contrast of the Middle tion and create interest in the history and

search for their "treasure"at Donarink. The Ages, The Winged Sword is a thoroughly presentday activities of these first Ameribook is illustrated with chapter heads and entertaining tale. E. J. M. cans.—M. C. J.

vignettes by Genevieve VaughanJackson.

—E. ]. M. SHOWBOAT'S COMING! THE HOUSE OF THE FIFERS

(Adele and Cateau DeLeeuw. The World (Rebecca Caudill. Longman's, Green & Co.,

MAJOR, THE STORY OF A BLACK BEAR Publishing Co. 1956. 220 pages. $2.75.) Inc., New York. 1954. 184 pages. $2.75.)

(Robert M. McClung. William Morrow & XJere is an unusually fine novel for young Fifteenyear-old Monica is furious when

Co., New York. 64 pages. $2.00.) people, written by two wellknown her father insists on her spending the

HThis is a true to life account of the life of writers in the "teenage"field. Summer summer with her relatives, the Fifers, on

a bear from the time he is born in the aboard the Dolphin brings to Lois Harding their Kentucky farm. The farm is just as

middle of winter, through the training a new understanding of life and people as dull as Monica feared; yet, in spite of her910 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

self, she is drawn into the daily life and Mop, and the Bag of Wind, makes the best inhabitants—the dragonflies, and Green

activities of the small community. How of a bad situation, and makes the world a Darner is the biggest of those that frequent

Monica finally finds her place as part of a better and happier place in which to live. the pond. How he survives the constant

wonderful family makes a fine story that—/. H. Z. struggle of eator-beeaten is the substance

has genuine warmth. E. ]. M. of this factual account. E. ]. M.

LITTLE PEAR AND THE RABBITS Lattimore. (Eleanor Frances William MorTREE CHRISTMAS MAGICTHE SISTERS TOO MANY

Co., pages. York. 125 $2.50.) York, Ariel & Books,(Lee Kingman. New New row New Illustrated (Jerrold Beim. Dick Dodge. by

is little story of a 'This Chinese illustrated. pages. boy Profusely 1956. 48 theYork. 16. 1956. York William Morrow & Co., New

$2.75.) who wanted to be a farmer like his $2.00.)

village lives father. in a with Chinese He little sevenyear-olds Julie, two andIoanne sisters to four has handle some- A boy who

sisters, his father his mother, two and and"forest, find live great the the near who discouraged, gets times Mike was and fair his brother. the in neigh- a At baby as play a of theytrue Christmas meaning girls'exception. always were There no pets. as village rabbits boring buys he two Christfind of a "magic"pretend andgame girls finally underfoot. things the How rabbits get help something he him The to tree. Bettina's drawings charm addmas is his delightuseful to prove and gang Mike Z. very wants H. ]. story. E.this delightful M. much.—/. ]. told. fully E. entertainingly and M.

VEGETABULL THE LITTLEA OVEN illustrated (Written and Le Witt. by Jan SEETREASURES TO Estes. Harcourt,(Eleanor Brace & Co.,

1956. Co., York. Harcourt, Brace & New Harcourt, Weisgard. (Leonard Brace & pages. S2.25.) York. 30New

S3.00.) York. $3.00.) Company, New

just doesn't/enevieve's understand mother of Yorick, story a young -is the This affords picturebook"an bull, This "museum what Genevieve wants when she asks who wanted vegetables. What happened easy introduction to history, as well as

last, at Helena'sfor oven."At "a little ate will to them him when he art. author introduced has famous The

finds to the party, she the answerbirthday for esting the reading 5 to artists, sculptors, of pieces art that merit and 9 age.—M.provide inter-C. /.

Z. H. affection the understandingmystery.—/. and from young

THE MISSION INDIANS OF folk of today.—M. C. /.

A ROOM FOR CATHY CALIFORNIA (Catherine Woolley. William Morrow & (Sonia Bleeker. William Morrow & Co., POINTS AT SWORDS'$2.50.) pages. York. 192 pages.)Co., York. 1956. 142 New New

Harcourt, Norton. (Andre Brace & Co., New

gets finally the a room of her own makes bookathy ninth book on the This York. pages. $3.00.) 279

for one. after so waiting long tribes various in Indian the Then United A few weeks before Quinn Anders was to there give it are States, again; but all of has to to deserveshe up widely be which

join in the Stark his brother Netheradjusts of ages the of peoplecompensations. Cathy to her read by all young How

lands, Stark that informed a cable had him food, cere- a heartwarming the the customs,disappointments 8 to 12. makes The

story.—/. H. Z. monials of these California Indians make b,.3n killed in a hitand-run accident. Here

unusually fascinating reading and help to is a story of mounting suspense and taut incidents, as a undertakes Anders Quinn

RIDGELARRY OF SNOWY to reason discover dangerous the mission

S. these illustrated Margaret by (Written and create Indians.—M.friendliness C.andJ. understanding for of for his Stark. brother E. the death J. M.

Co., William MorrowJohnson. & Inc., New

York. 1956. 90 pages. $2.25.) MARGED—THE STORY OF A WELSH

F arry, a big, white Pyrenees dog encounters GIRL IN AMERICA LIKE A LADY (Flelen Farrar, (Florence Ariel Books, F. Daringer. Harcourt, Brace Musgrave. & Co.,

thrilling in experiences World many 1956. Straus York. $2.50.) York. pages. 1955. 218 and Cudahy, New 250 New

a. II his finds friend true upon andWar pages. $2.75.) the hardest seemed Earning money and tells of story thereturn. Margaret Johnson

Larry with convincing sincerity. The lifeTo Marged, the Welsh girl, Pittsburgh was most important thing Johanna had to do

like illustrations will be irresistible to any a strange, confusing city, and she in the autumn she was in eighth grade.

young dog lover. E. ]. M. wasn't sure she liked America until they How she solves the problem of buying her

Gran'ma, Dada, Mama, and Tommy, her own clothes, while helping out with the into is told younger their family with fine budget, moved brother—hadKIM OF KOREA

little in country. the Children house own }. M. Peter Norris (Faith and Lumn. Illustrated—E.sensitivity.

all will ages absorbed with Marged's be 1955. 157 of Messner. Wiese. Julian Kurtby

adventures. E. ]. M. $2.75.)pages. KRAMER'S FOR STORYBOOK NORA

The orphan boy Kim had been welltaught FIVES AND SIXES by his parents. He would not beg; he GREEN DARNER—THE STORY OF A (Gilbert Press, Inc., New York City. 1956. DRAGONFLY pages. $2.95.) 128 steal. American notwould an who When illustrated (Written Robert and by hailed will be mothers by to M. This adopt wanted good and found himwas McClung. William Morrow & Co., New great of lost right crossing the his fear find the tohim, wish and Kim bookfathers—who pages. 16. 1956. 48 S2.00.) York

faroff five his to in the or for of story their kindocean make home poem of dazzle afternoon Tnto the a summer olds. six has Kramer, year Mrs. been whoAmerica.—M. C. /. and

brilliant the of the pond's come most for children's books authority on an many

THE WONDER OF SEEDS years, has chosen wisely and well stories (Alfred Stefferud. Harcourt, Brace & Co., that will satisfy the adults who read or tell

New York. 119 pages. $2.75.) the stories along with the children who

C. /.Young folk from 10 to 14—and even listen.—M.

older—will find this book most stimulating. The interest of the reader is aroused OUR SENSES AND HOW THEY WORK

from the very beginning of the book: when (Herbert S. Zim. Morrow Junior Books, New

the author tells about some old, old lotus York. 1956. 64 pages. $2.00.)

seeds which grew after long—M.dormancy.C. /. Thisproveinterestingenlightening.analysisTheof ourverysensesfirst senwill

tence proves challenging, "A learned man

MOPEY THE MOP once called the senses windows of the (Ora Pate Stewart. The Naylor Company, mind."Children of eight to twelve will

San Antonio, Texas. 75 pages. $2.00.) find the book valuable to read for themIVfopey, with her friends the Whisk Broom, selves, but others younger will prove a

the Dust Pan, the Broom, the Dust willing audience to parents or teachers who

Mop, the Feather Duster, the New Dust will explain—M. C. /.

DECEMBER 1956 911

A young man's reverent request for strength to do his best in ball game or business venture.

The young woman's plea for guidance in choosing a husband.

Great Men Pray!! The earnest soul's sincere desire.

petitions these answers That he "preserve the us liberty"; wise "Grant and and women menGreat in his (though and way) is own time deliver "give of all the ages sought us wisdom"; and nation"; have

received help through prayer and us from evil"; "thy will be done."a truth to which millions can daily

have found an unfailing source of And these, too, are proper petitions testify.

strength. to an understanding Father in What about you? Do you ever

heaven need help from a Higher Source? Washington at Valley Forge—LinThe trust of a child at a mother's Then follow the example of the greatcoln before Gettysburg—Eisenhower knee. and good and wise men of all the

Smith in the The prayer of a father for the reages. Ask and receive. "In all thyon D Day—Joseph

Sacred at Gethsemane turn of a wayward son. ways acknowledge him, and he shall Grove—Jesus

direct thy paths."(Prov. 3:6.)and at Golgotha—all these have The student's honest seeking for

prayed: answers to an examination. Pray.

912 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA General Conference Section

Addresses Delivered at the 127th SemiAnnual

General Conference, October 5, 6 and 7, 1956

—Conference photographs courtesy Deseret News—Salt Lake

Telegram & Salt Lake Tribune DECEMBER 1956 913 Spirituality, the Goal In Life

by President David O. McKay

Thetion passingof experienceof yearsfailandto thelessenrepetithe tureall preparationsof hundreds ofof lessons,thousandsthe ofexpendidollars expressionfor the right;of love,everyeverysurrenderbrave ofsufferingself to

sense of great responsibility of admonthly for the publication of books, something higher than self; every loydressing the congregation in this great equipment, illustrative material, and so alty to an ideal; every unselfish devotion

tabernacle and others listening in over forth—all efforts of thousands of officers to principle; every helpfulness to huthe radio. I have prayed and now pray and teachers—are for one purpose: manity; every act of selfcontrol; every

for the inspiration of the Lord, that I namely, the education and proper trainfine courage of the soul, undefeated by may be able to perform this duty acing of your hoys and girls and the pretense or policy, but by being, doing, ceptably to him and to you, my brethren edification of all members of the Church. and living of good for the very good's

and sisters. Everything that has been and is now sake—that is spirituality."

What I have in mind I should like being done points to that one general And our text emphasizes the fact that to associate with this passage of scrippurpose. Do you appreciate it by cothe human being consists of spirit and

ture taken from Matthew: operating with these forces and sending body: "For what is a man profited, if he

"Then said Jesus unto his disciples, your young children, and your young shall gain the whole world, and lose his

If any man will come after me, let him men and women to these various organown soul? or what shall a man give in

deny himself, and take up his cross, and izations in the Church? If not, you are exchange for his soul?"(Matt. 16:26.)

follow me. shirking part of your duty. Indeed, man's earthly existence is but

"For whosoever will save his life shall We have only words of commenda- a test, whether he will concentrate his lose it: and whosoever will lose his tion to the Twelve, the Assistants to the efforts, his mind, his soul upon things

life for my sake shall find it. Twelve, and other General Authorities, which contribute to his comfort and

"For what is a man profited, if he including the Presiding Bishopric; to gratification of his physical instincts

shall gain the whole world, and lose the general boards, the members of the and passions, or whether he will make his own soul? or what shall a man give general Church building committee, the as his life's purpose and aim the acquisiin exchange for his soul? stake and ward officers, each and all tion of spiritual qualities.

"For the Son of man shall come in working for the good of the individual The spiritual road has Christ as its the glory of his Father with his angels; to bring to pass the Lord's purposes, who ideal, not the gratification of the physiand then he shall reward every man declared: "... this is my work and my cal, for he that would save his life, yieldaccording to his works."(Matt. 16:24glory—to bring to pass the immortality ing to that present gratification of a

27.) and eternal life of man."(P of G P, seeming need, will lose his life.

or par- 1:39.) Before one emphasizing Moses more If seek real he the of would purpose

that interested learn to rewill ticular be in points that contained You life, the individual live for somemust first there year like of the give the since have to passage, I shouldmarkable self. thing higher hears than the He

It activities edifices dedicated. brief report a 136 regarding been Church some Savior's voice "I saying: the the way, am of final is quarter six in that of since estimated the our conference the Church life."truth, the Fol14:6.) and (John

this to possibly ago. will that there 1956 the interim added be Duringmonths that voice, lowing learns that soon he

fortyfour makmore buildings, has been forward mostChurch number moving is there one great thing no he which in dedicated encouragingly. of buildings ing a total Priesthood have quorums to attain or can do eternal happiness

stakes Englishspeaking particularly and in increased and wards in the number, life. is learns "life that not He up made

it 180. field, missions efficient foreign of In missionsmission and, through the of sacrifices great little duties, or of but

is efforts will there somethat of the priesthood estimated be committees things in smiles which kindness and fifty of to in the greater Authorities, neighborhood a where Generalamong the and small obligations given habitually this in dedicated generally of worship sixty houses in theenrolment has quorums are what win and preserve the heart and of in all a total in the stakes year are 1956, making todayresulted. There apsecure comfort."

240. of proximately missions 237 high theand Church

Spirituality, our true aim, is the conthe standpriests to seventies an end! quorums; 449 From quorums A means

self of victory over of and prossciousness material units; elders point of numbers 1,750 and andand 17 quorums

Infinite. the Spiritualwith communion has every perity, therefore, units; the Church 171 quorums and 1,725two

to impels one difficulties conquer these ity All of priests;groups to be encouraged. 737 quorums, and reason

acquire and strength. more and more I perrepeat, to the things, of teachers; groups are means 1,230 1,988 quorums,

feel one's faculties unfolding To and is end. the of fecting the of deacons. groups 551and soul—that truth soul expanding of life's the is one is: question great all we estabare Have organizations The Those

sublimest experiences. all that Would as in these spiritually as well spirprogressed forlished activity in revelation by

live so as might to experience that organizations? teachingitual physical as as for things, and well temporal,

ecstasy! is "yes."for answerboys, nineteen and The under young men

years of age, most of them seventeen The accomplishments before menBeing "honest, true, chaste, benevoand eighteen. tioned, the efforts put forth, are in themlent, virtuous, and in doing good to all

The general boards of auxiliaries are selves really expressions of spirituality, men"are attributes which contribute to functioning efficiently, and local organand here we offer in our hearts a prayer spirituality, the highest acquisition of izations are cooperating with them in that God will bless the total membership the soul. It is the divine in man, the

earnest efforts to instil high ideals in of the Church who have contributed of supreme, crowning gift that makes him the minds of childhood and youth. their means, talents, and efforts to the king of all created things.

It is a sobering thought, my brothers accomplishment of the purposes named, The spiritual life is the true life of and sisters, to realize that all quorums, the means, and structures and Church man. It is what distinguishes him from

all auxiliaries, all Church schools, edifices especially. It is marvelous what the beasts of the forests. It lifts him

seminaries, institutes, colleges, the you have done. above the physical, yet he is still susChurch university, all Church edifices, "Every noble impulse, every unselfish (Continued on following page)

914 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ceptible to all the natural contributions should be trained to be respectful, If there were more reverence in huthat life can give him that are needful deferential—respectful to one another, man hearts, there would be less roomfor his happiness or contributive to his to strangers and visitors—deferential to for sin and resultant sorrow; more capaadvancement. "Though in the world, the aged and infirm—reverential to city for joy and gladness. To make

not of the world."(See John 8:23.) things sacred, to parents and parental more cherished, more adaptable, more

virbrilliant this attractive among gem love. fail that and taught Jesus women men

is of the project most tues, a worthy life awaken spiritualin home live truly, unless they Three influences haveto efforts of every prayerful united and to in children and contributeity. Jefferson's Teachings In Life of reverence and

Jesus, we read that the spiritual force its development in their souls. These officer, every parent, and every member

underlies everything, and without it are: first, firm but Gentle Guidance; secof the Church.

nothing worthwhile can be accomond, Courtesy shown by parents to each I repeat now:

third, Prayer to children; other, "Spiritual and needs I quote: andplished. And let will "If after me, come any man

participate. In spiritual children means. only in which bycan be met himself, and take up his deny every him

parents should this in orlaws, Church methods, andAll government, home follow cross, me. and

impressing in intelligently strive to act unless"of are valueganizations no life his will save whosoever "For fundamentals. three All those childrenspirituality and with guides them. "men lose it; will lose shall whosoever and

this filled truth,"with are with it. shall life find sake for his my worship: in the houses Reverence of "righteousness, andwomenspirituality—and if shall is profited, he a "For what man set apart dedicated are and Churches things no power have Materialmercy.

desires, [physical world, gain the whole of of means, This spirit. worship. as Gravitation, houses raiseto the sunken wealth] appetites, of money, all so, at or enter that course, do forces, greatelectricity, are who steam and his lose world, and the whole gratification—gain intent so, least to an with to pretend the do all change powerless are theybut in give shall a soul? or what man own the presence of get to Lord nearer the a "Except of andmotives women."men his for soul? exchange street amidst or in the see the can they than again, cannot be he bornman

kingdom of God."(See John 3:3.) the worries of a workaday life. In other "For the Son of man shall come in the

Spirituality and morality as taught words, we go to the Lord's house to meet glory of his Father with his angels;

by the Church of Jesus Christ are firmly him and to commune with him in and then he shall reward every man acanchored in fundamental principles spirit. Such a meeting place, then, cording to his works."(Matt. 16:2427.)

principles from which the world can should first of all be fitting and approIn these words of the Savior we have never escape even if it would, and the priate in all respects, whether God is designated either by direct statement or the considered as truths four eternal invited guest, or the implication is first among fundamental a belief—and

his guests. as are worshipers thethe Church who members of our Eternal First, the existence of God

truly converted, a knowledge—of the Whether the place of meeting is a Father.

existence of God the Father and his Son humble chapel or a "poem in archiSecond, the divine Sonship of Jesus

Jesus Christ. Children of the Church are tecture"built of white marble and inChrist.

little laid stones precious to makes with taught, at least taught, should be as well a spirit has that Third, man in difference approach as and or our to to no pray recognize and him him life his to direct as a body, and he may Infinite Presence. feel attitude the listen toward hear can and and one who serve him,

is listen there should be suffifather earthly just can and know To as an God hear and feel, and they have absorbed cient to impel us to conduct ourselves Fourth, that soul development results into their very beings, if taught rightly, orderly, reverently. from complete control of physical defrom their mothers and their fathers, In this regard, as members of the sires and passions.

the real testimony that this personal Church in our worshiping assemblies, With that scripture in conclusion I

God has spoken in this dispensation. we have much room for improvement. desire to call attention to another fundaInseparable from the acceptance of Presiding authorities in stake, ward, and mental truth:

the existence of God is an attitude of quorum meetings, and especially teach- "... a marvelous work is about to

reverence, to which I wish now to call ers in classes, should make special come forth among the children of men.

attention most earnestly to the entire effort to maintain better order and "Therefore, O ye that embark in the

Church. The greatest manifestation of more reverence during hours of worservice of God, see that ye serve him

spirituality is reverence; indeed, revership and of study. Less talking behind with all your heart, might, mind and

ence is spirituality. Reverence is prothe pulpit will have a salutary effect strength, that ye may stand blameless

found respect mingled with love. It is upon those who face it. By example and before God at the last day.

"a complex emotion made up of mingled precept, children should be impressed "Therefore, if ye have desires to serve feelings of the soul."Carlyle says it is with the inappropriateness of confusion God ye are called to the work;

"the highest of human feelings."I have and disorder in a worshiping congrega- "For behold the field is white already

said elsewhere that if reverence is the tion. They should be impressed in to harvest; and lo, he that thrusteth in

highest, then irreverence is the lowest childhood, and have it emphasized in his sickle with his might, the same laystate in which a man can live in the youth, that it is disrespectful to talk or eth up in store that he perisheth not, world. Be that as it may, it is nevereven to whisper during a sermon, and but bringeth salvation to his soul;

it is of has exceptrudeness, irreverent height that the theless that true an man love, faith, charity hope, and "And to ing in that is repellent. leave a worshipemergency, an about a crudeness him

single to the glory of God, eye with an alis dismissal. sneering, ing often before cynical, and assembly He for work. qualify the him iconoclastic. ways of the outmost pronounced One

Reverence embraces regard, deference, bursts of Jesus'indignation was caused "Remember faith, virtue, knowledge, honor, and esteem. Without some deby the desecration of the Lord's temple. temperance, patience, brotherly kindgree of it, therefore, there would be no As he overturned the tables of moneyness, godliness, charity, humility, dilicourtesy, no gentility, no consideration changers and ordered out those who gence.

of others'feelings, or of others'rights. were bartering and trading in the holy "Ask, and ye shall receive; knock, and

Reverence is the fundamental virtue in sanctuary, he gave a warning admoniit shall be opened unto you."(D & C

religion. It is "one of the signs of tion that has come down through the Sec 4.)

strength; irreverence, one of the surest centuries: That this work has come forth and

indications of weakness. No man will "... make not my Father's house an is now established by divine revelation

rise high,"says one man, "who jeers house of merchandise."(John 2:16.) testifying to the existence of God the

at sacred things. The fine loyalties of Making and spending money, even in Father, his son Jesus Christ, and that

life,"he continues, "must be reverenced conversation, faultfinding, and particuthrough Jesus Christ and his gospel or they will be foresworn in the day of larly gossiping about neighbors in a mankind will be brought back into his trial."house f worship, are essentially violapresence, I bear witness to you, and to

Parents, Reverence, as charity, begins tions of this command given nearly two the world, in the name of Jesus Christ.

at home. In early childhood children thousand years ago. Amen.

DECEMBER 1956 915 Our Message to the World

by President Stephen L Richards

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

shall be deeply grateful, my brethLaying on of hands for the gift of the that they may thus advance the Kingren and sisters, if I may have your Holy Ghost. dom of God in the earth to bring

I faith and prayers and the assistance 5. We believe that a man must be brotherhood and peace to men and naof the Holy Spirit in an effort to concalled of God, by prophecy, and by the tions, and earn exaltation for themtinue the lofty themes, the vital advice laying on of hands, by those who are selves.

and counsel which have been given by in authority to preach the Gospel and "To achieve this objective the Church my brethren during the preceding sesadminister in the ordinances thereof. of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

sions of this conference. I greet my 6. We believe in the same organizabuilds and maintains churches, tembrethren and sisters with love and feltion that existed in the Primitive ples, educational institutions for all

lowship, and I extend also to our friends Church, viz., apostles, prophets, pastors, ages, recreational buildings and faciliwho listen in to the proceedings my teachers, evangelists, etc. ties, and projects designed to teach and

appreciation of their interest, and my 7. We believe in the gift of tongues, encourage vocational and industrial

concern for their good in the consideraprophecy, revelation, visions, healing, preparation for selfreliant living. It

tion of the great principles of life and interpretation of tongues, etc. teaches loyalty to country and fosters

salvation. 8. We believe the Bible to be the good citizenship in all communities

As we meet in successive general conword of God as far as it is translated where it is established."

ferences of the Church, our thoughts correctly; we also believe the Book of The statement submitted was necesare repeatedly directed to the fundaMormon to be the word of God. sarily brief. May I amplify some pormental principles and purposes of the 9. We believe all that God has retions of it?

mighty cause which we have the honor vealed, all that He does now reveal, and How and to what extent are we bearto represent. It is well that it is so, and we believe that He will yet reveal many ing witness to the divinity of the Lord

it is fervently hoped that we shall great and important things pertaining Jesus Christ? From the latest figures

never become so absorbed and ento the Kingdom of God. available I give you the following: We

meshed in the mass of detail relating 10. We believe in the literal gathering are at present maintaining about five

to organization and procedure as to of Israel and in the restoration of the thousand missionaries in the mission obscure even for a moment the true Ten Tribes; that Zion will be built upon fields of the Church, which are estabpurpose of our establishment in the this [the American] continent; that lished in nearly all countries of the

earth. Christ will reign personally upon the world where the laws and practices of

Within the past few weeks, in order earth; and, that the earth will be rethe people will permit their establishto meet the requirements of a distant newed and receive its paradisiacal glory. ment. The average cost for each misforeign country for the Church to hold 11. We claim the privilege of worsionary a month is $58.96, to cover his

property and otherwise carry forward shiping Almighty God according to the living and maintenance in the mission its activities within that country, the dictates of our own conscience, and field. The total monthly cost for our

First Presidency has caused to be preallow all men the same privilege, let missionary force exceeds $290,000.00,

pared and submitted to the governing them worship how, where, or what they borne chiefly by parents of the missionauthority of the foreign country a statemay. aries, the missionaries themselves, quoment of beliefs and objectives of the 12. We believe in being subject to rums, and other generous persons who

Church. To cover the principal bekings, presidents, rulers, and magiscontribute to the missionary fund. This

liefs of the Church of Jesus Christ of trates, in obeying, honoring, and susvast sum of money, amounting to more

Latterday Saints, we submitted the taining the law. than $3,400,000.00 a year, is spent in the

Articles of Faith issued by the Prophet 13. We believe in being honest, true, countries where the missionaries labor,

Joseph Smith, which for a period of chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in doand thus contributes, substantially in more than a hundred years have been ing good to all men; indeed, we may some instances, to the national economy

distributed throughout the world. I say that we follow the admonition of of these countries.

would not impose on the patience of an Paul—We believe all things, we hope Our missionaries do not live "off"the

audience entirely composed of members all things, we have endured many peoples in the countries where they are of the Church to repeat these articles things, and hope to be able to endure sent. They bring in rather than take

so well known to my brethren and all things. If there is anything virtufrom the communities where they serve.

sisters, but being convinced that many ous, lovely, or of good report or praiseIn addition to the five thousand misthousands of our friends not of the worthy, we seek after these things. sionaries who serve in these missions

Church listen to these proceedings, I Joseph Smith. which we call foreign, there are 6,429

am going to ask you to indulge me as I shall not comment generally on the stake missionaries, who do not leave

I present them: Articles of Faith. They speak for themtheir homes, but perform missionary

selves, trust and prove service friends not neighbors and they may we among in believe the Eternal God, 1. We

to acceptable the government to which communities in the of the Church Christ, Son,Father, in His Jesus and and in the Holy Ghost. we submitted them as a statement of our where they live. They give their service

beliefs. principal all misas compensation, without do

believe that punbe men will 2. We addition to of the In requirement a sionaries of the Church.

sins, for forished not and their own beliefs doctrines, of statement It of and interesting will to we be members transgression.Adam's set forth asked first to purposes were our for and to that the the know Church

3. We believe that through the objectives as a Church. The following eight months of the year 1956 there

Atonement of Christ, all mankind may is a brief statement of objectives which were 9,910 convert baptisms in the forbe saved, by obedience to the laws and was sent. I quote: eign missions, and 5,549 in the stake

ordinances of the Gospel. "The objectives of the Church are to missions, making a total of 15,459, a

4. We believe that the first principles bear witness to the divinity of the Lord sufficient number, if concentrated, to

and ordinances of the Gospel are: first, Jesus Christ; to teach all men the prinmake three or four new stakes in the

Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; second, ciples of his Gospel; and to convert and Church.

Repentance; third, Baptism by immerpersuade them to follow in his ways The principal duty and the first oblision for the remission of sins; fourth, and keep the commandments of God, gation resting upon all of these 11,500

916 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA missionaries is to bear witness of the I fear, are in the category suggested by set forth in the Articles of Faith which divinity of the Lord, Jesus Christ. They Paul who are "ashamed"openly to bear I have read. Time will not permit any

are sent out into the world as ambaswitness of him. They seem to think extensive comment on them. I wish,

sadors of Jesus Christ, and they are that in some way it is belittling to their however, to mention a few items.

taught from the beginning that they intelligence, and I fear too that some I mention the eleventh and twelfth cannot effectively represent and serve regard an open confession of faith as a articles: "We claim the privilege of

him without a firm personal testimony commitment to a course of life they do worshiping Almighty God according to as to his divinity. If they live the prinnot have the strength and the will to the dictates of our own conscience, and

ciples of the gospel, they never lose their follow. allow all men the same privilege, let

testimonies, and they are always able, I regret this reluctance, particularly them worship how, where, or what they under the influence of the Holy Spirit, of prominent and influential men, openmay."

to bear testimony with such conviction ly to declare their faith, because I am "We believe in being subject to kings, as to arrest the attention of Godfear- sure that their influence is very conpresidents, rulers, and magistrates, in ing people. This bearing of sincere siderable, particularly in the lives of the obeying, honoring, and sustaining the

testimony serves as a persuading and young people who admire their suclaw."

convincing influence to touch the lives cesses, their standing in the community, I am able to understand from the of manylong before the immature misand who could be made to see richer history of the times how much imsionary has been able fully to absorb and nobler purposes in life through portance the Prophet Joseph Smith atand master the principles of the gospel the example and open statements of tached to these articles in his day. The

in the teaching process. those they so much esteem. violation of the principles by bigoted

How essential is this bearing of testi- I think I know the underlying reason and unscrupulous persons entailed inmony to the divinity of the Lord Jesus for this reticence. It is selfsufficiency finite suffering and persecution to him

Christ? Why, it is the first essential resulting from a lack of humility. Men and his people. I question if, however,

credential of a Christian. Jesus himself of success are so prone to forget their except with divine insight, he could

set the example, when, in justifying dependence on a beneficent providence. have envisioned what the violation of

himself before the Jews, he said: "I am It seems often necessary to bring into these principles would mean to the

one that bear witness of myself, and the the lives of the haughty and proud whole world a century or more after

Father that sent me beareth witness of calamity and great deprivation. A rich he lived. I am not sufficiently informed

me."(John 8:18.) And from all we can man sometimes loses his possessions, to know whether other churches have

learn from scripture, we must conclude his cherished wife and children, even any comparable statements in their conthat there is but one indispensable fact his good name, before he begins to pray stitutions or declarations of faith, but which lies at the basis of the whole and acknowledge the supreme dispenser the history of our times justifies the

Christian doctrine to which witness of all good things that endure. I apassertion that few, if any, things have

must be borne, and that is that Jesus peal for more testimony, for more courcontributed more to the chaotic condiChrist was the Son of God and sent by age to bear witness, for more humility tion of the world than the violation of him to perform his mission in the world. to acknowledge the goodness of the Lord the cardinal principles set forth in this

How can anyone professing Christianity to his children. statement of belief. They contain the

satisfy a Christian conscience without The second item in the statement of very essence of freedom and liberty, and that testimony and that witness? Why objectives which I mentioned is "to they support the majesty of the law.

are men reluctant so to commit themteach all men the principles of his They are inspired statements, and withselves? Some may entertain consciengospel; and to convert and persuade in them is comprehended the only true

tious doubts as to the divine nature of them to follow in his ways and keep basis on which permanent peace may be the Christ. I am sure they would do the commandments of God."Many of established. We preach and we pracwell humbly and openmindedly to seek the principles of the gospel which our tise these principles all over the world

more knowledge about him. Many more, missionaries and our people teach are (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 917 I appeal, my fellow members of the

President Stephen L Richards Continued Church, and to all men, so to regard them. While many are in the form of

wherever we are given opportunity. We The Lord loves all his children, and injunctions of restraint, there is in the

proclaim and we urge them in defense in the orderly provision he has made keeping of every commandment a posiof liberty wherever we go. They are for salvation every good deed is retive element of improvement of life

part of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and warded, and all who have not utterly through selfmastery and the subordinaas such we teach them. destroyed their prospects for recognition of the material to the spiritual.

Perhaps we encounter some resistance tion will find place in the gradations of So our mission is to bear witness of in teaching the principles of the gospel glory to which they are severally enthe divinity of the Lord Jesus Christ, because we have important aspects of titled. Here is universal justice in law and teach his restored gospel in all its

it given by revelation that are explanaand order, tempered with great mercy completeness. The Lord has been good

tory and go beyond the conventional for the frail and the weak. The revelato us. He has caused that provision

teaching of Christianity as our eighth tion gives us assurance that the highest be made so that there are available to article of faith proclaims: "We believe station or glory is possible of attainus all the facilities essential to realize

the Bible to be the word of God as far ment. In all our teaching and persuaour great purposes. He has blessed the

as it is translated correctly."We teach sion, our one allpervading predominant Church with the devotion of faithful

the Bible as the history of God's dealmotive and purpose is to prepare ourmembers scarcely to be equaled in any ings with man, and as the basis of the selves and our fellow men for entrance movement of which we have record.

Christian gospel, but we have additional and exaltation in the highest glory he They are generous in giving, they areexplanatory revelation which does not has revealed—the celestial kingdom. We responsive to calls to duty, and their

contravene the Bible, but which serves want the best for ourselves, and we lives exemplify the loving principles by to interpret and make plain many of want it for others, but we know we canwhich they should live.

for blessing this glorious acquireits are or innot statements obscure which fall faithful. are Some True, not all

it others. Everyone must obtaincomplete. in weakness, we the wayside for by to whom himself. I illustration shall give one to you doctrine hopeful the out hold always

which is typical of others. The Savior Now, how is entrance into the celesof repentance. It is a glorious feeling,

It is tial glory at disciples of his obtained? obtained the timecomforted place to have and sisters, brethren only my

statehis the compliance through that ordinances with departure supreme with the to feel warm, the faithful, with ment of comfort: "In my Father's house of the gospel, and keeping the comgenerous support of true brethren and

are many mansions: if it were not so, mandments of God. Our missionaries sisters in the Church of Christ. I have

I would have told you. I go to preare not infrequently asked: "Do you long been the recipient of his blessings,

pare a place for you."(John 14:2.) claim that you are the only ones who and I humbly make this acknowledgFor many centuries the world was will go to heaven?"The answer to this ment and give thanks for membership

without an explanation of the "many question may well be given by the misin his Church and the privilege of mansions"in our Father's house. In sionary asking of the inquirer, "What serving him, for health to carry on, for

February 1832, the Prophet Joseph do you mean by heaven? If you mean the confidence and love of my associates,

wrote: "From sundry revelations which by heaven, a resurrection from the grave and for the privilege of living in the

had been received, it was apparent that to immortality, the answer is no. society of the Saints of God.

salpoints the important of the touching Christ everyThrough atonementmany

I that witness bear God humble my of will resurrected.vation one be taken been the had from you mean man Do his lives; Christ Only that was Jesus

it lost Bible, or lesser of before glories by compiled. heaven the one was and

flesh; the in that the Begotten Son It selfevident therein? kingdoms appeared generally from the what Then

is life birth his biblical of and account is if left, no. that answertruths believe were that rewarded many, God We fictitious; that however true not and if not most, of accordingevery to the the one deeds good done and men proclaim admiraour much may we in of as inwill the the the body, places obtain term Heaven, world women

his teachings, attributes tion of his and for Saints'recognition lesser in and thetended eternal the home, must kingdoms all divine; his that mission was above

if of include heaven. one."But kingdoms (See than more going by you mean truly withthat worship him cannot we to heaven, gaining to in exaltation Introduction 76.) the & C D of sovereignty his recognition and out

It celestial in to this of in Father, our was answer kingdom the query where

I at to kneel his lordship. happy am Christ of dwell, the that and Prophet revelation God the themind answer then give to of his the and throne power

is yes. must be characterized attain sometimeswhich as can the No man effort for feeble allegiance and him my highest station is It Vision"to him. without "The compliance came the in his the of establishment the kingdom with the higher of explanation laws the of the ordinances, Savior and words

earth. it in defines which that be the in administered mansions, kingonly may the doms, and glories which prevail in restored Church of our Lord Jesus I bear witness that Joseph Smith was heaven, "my Father's house."These Christ under his authority and delehis prophet, chosen to bring the comkingdoms are designated as the celestial, gated power lodged in the priesthood plete gospel to the earth in the Disthe terrestrial, and the telestial. These of his Church."pensation of the Fulness of Times; that

mission; his and that accomplished he designations declaraconform the with If criticize to there disposed be any of beneficiaries all the today are men tions of first the in his Apostle Paul this intoleras being view narrow and contributions. his inestimable epistle to the Corinthians, wherein he ant, attention to their bring must we

sets forth, the fact that we did not formulate the I bear witness that the holy priest- "There is one glory of the sun, and rules, regulations, and requirements for hood has been restored to and continues another glory of the moon, and another entrance into the celestial kingdom of in the Church of Christ; that that holy

glory of the stars: for one star differeth our Father. The Lord did that, both priesthood and power is here in the

from another star in glory."(I Cor. in ancient and modern revelation. We earth today in the year 1956, reposed in

15:41.) seek to teach men that these rules of thousands of good men, servants of the

I wish I had the time to read to all eligibility, though seemingly strict and Lord, with President David O. McKay

our friends the description and attririgid, are in fact generous provisions appointed, sustained, and approved of butes of these kingdoms and glories of for the happiness of the Father's chilthe Lord, standing at the head, all to the hereafter. Here is a revelation dren here and hereafter. If any of the the end that the kingdom of our Father

which makes plain to all men the requirements seem to circumscribe the may be established and advanced in transcendent and enduring benefits depersonal liberty of individuals, it is bethe earth. Christ will come again.

for striving best. rived the from is to prepare the kingdom mission Our liberties socalled these personal To cause ambition, the the those courhave who * for his coming. for are the end good not in in wisdom attain to the highest devotion age, and

station, there are in store blessings that the individual or communities. Every The Lord help us all to be devoted

transcend the comprehension of the commandment the Lord has given is for to that exalted undertaking I humbly finite mind. the blessing and good of mankind. pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

918 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA going to read from all three Synoptists, because each says essentially the same thing, but in somewhat different lan- "Go Ye Not after Them"guage. I am reading from the 24th

chapter of Matthew. They had gone

by President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. hisout disciples;to the Mountthey ofaskedOlives,if heJesuswouldand

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY like them to tell him about the temple, and so on, and it was then that he "y brothers and sisters, as with all There are all sorts of cults, all sorts of predicted that the temple would be this disthereafter destroyed, in and I in of before of us humilstand shadings called you Chrishave what we course the only not touched he upon ity, prayer, in is tianity. a heart with of scholars group one There my M'Secof destruction the but the temple

I to able say that that something be insidiously that presometimes, work may be always can ond you Coming. Not faith, building in will helpful our be belief tending Christianity up in a and

clear referring, as to but which he was I testimonies, ask Christ, strengthening our and subtly nevertheless but and who

I refthe passages shall that read have to faith will your that extend us insidiously teach things that you do not me finally to take as erence should what to that prayers end, the your within as and understand same what come we place. all benefited. Christianity. of these position be has may The

things shall these be? us, "Tell when I I like to to begin stated have what thus: scholar would been one by

of sign thy shall comthe be what and... this of a say quotation with "Christ morning cannot been both have

ing, world? of the end of the and scriptures. scripture has althe some thinker of One unclouded the moral same

said unto answered and Jesus "And that ready been frequently sayings quoted fanatic the apocalyptic of came and from the great intercessory prayer which the eschatological passages."them, Take heed that no man deceive

is delivered Savior the night before as the defined "The you. And eschatology "For many shall come in my name, crucified: final doctrine things, death, of the last or the day he was

I shall deceive saying, Christ; and am life is eternal, this that resurrection, they immortality, the "And end

... of many. true only the final thee fuworld, the the might and God, judgment, know and

shall unto say if any "Then man sent."Christ, hast state; last ture things."Jesus doctrine the thou of whom

is there; believe or Christ, Lo, here you, 17:3.) this teachers announce These (John who

it not. first I life like the of as difference to to quote Savior the the would Then

Christs, false arise shall there "For verses of three fourteenth find his teachings, the the of them, and and some great false shall prophets, shew and and first of chapter place us. John: amongst

if that, signs insomuch wonders; and critics the of the "In beginning two, these say one was the and Word, These

it shall possible, the deceive they were or eschatology, teachings with the the God, moral and was must Word the Word elect. very as historical given the God. be one was up and

before. told "Behold, you I have is in of rid to the beginning with eschatochosen got the be "The same was

God. logical. Anything beyond the moral "Wherefore if they shall say unto you,

"All things were made by him; and teachings is put in the realm of myth, Behold, he is in the desert; go not forth:

without him was not any thing made legend, popular exaggeration, symbolism, behold, he is in the secret chambers;

that was made."allegory, or transference of the miracbelieve it not."(Matt. 24:3-5; 2326.)

And the fourteenth verse: "And the ulous from other departments of tradiMark said: "And Jesus answering

Word was made flesh, and dwelt among tion into the life of Jesus. them began to say, Take heed lest any

us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory Their standard of elimination is that man deceive you:

as of the only begotten of the Father,) any "event which lies outside the range "For many shall come in my name, full of grace and truth."of the known laws of Nature,"must be saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive

And finally, I will quote the passage disregarded. This destroys the divine many....

First his his Corinthians, Paul, origin of miracles, from resurJesus, where if shall to say then "And any man Corinthians, speaking rection, his backsliding to the doctrine. of and much is is lo, or, Lo, Christ; you, here he

to just already appear verses began to read a few among I want whom now there; not: believe him finally the great apostasy, discourse Discourse, Olivet the from the what became

and complaining about them and their which the Savior delivered on the Mount "For false Christs and false prophets thoughts, he said, of Olives at the near conclusion, or shall rise, and shall shew signs and "For I determined not to know any conclusion of the third day of the Paswonders, to seduce, if it were possible, thing among you, save Jesus Christ, and sion Week which he had spent in the even the elect.

him crucified."(I Cor. 2:2.) temple or the temple precincts. I am (Continued on following page)

(L. to R.) President David O. McKay greets conference visitors. Presid ent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., delivering conference address. Between sessions.

DECEMBER 1956 919 There was the plan; the earth was

President J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Continued formed; Adam came; the human family

followed. We came here to prove our-

"But take ye heed: behold, I have be spoken of as signs. A sign can be selves. Finally, Christ was born in the

foretold you all things."(Mark 13:5-6, a miracle, but not necessarily so. A Meridian of Time. He lived. He

2123.) miracle is a sign, but more than that. taught. He gave instructions. He was

And Luke says, more shortly than is We would have to discard the testicrucified. Then on the morning of the

recorded by the others: mony of the Father, at the time of the third day, he was resurrected, thus

"And he said, Take heed that ye be transfiguration, that Jesus was his Son. bringing to each and every of us the

not deceived: for many shall come in my We would have to discard that great blessings of the resurrection. We all

name, saying, I am Christ; and the time occasion, the raising of Lazarus and the shall be resurrected. All of that has

draweth near: go ye not therefore after incidents thereof, the reply of the Savior gone for these people to whom I refer.

them."(Luke 21:8.) to Martha: It is myth, tradition, allegory. Be not

I think perhaps when we first read "I am the resurrection, and the life: deceived by them; believe them not;

these extracts we may think that the he that believeth in me, though he were follow not after them.

Savior is talking primarily of a person, dead, yet shall he live: Then we would have to discard all

somebody to come to impersonate the "And whosoever liveth and believeth that transpired in the restoration of the

Christ and claim to be the Christ. It in me shall never die."(John 11:25gospel, the Vision of the Father and the

seems to me, however, from the way in 26.) That would have to go into the Son, the coming forth of the Book of

which these records are made and what discard as myth, allegory, symbolism, Mormon, the giving of the great comthey say, that the Savior also had in tradition. mandments which compose our Doctrine

mind anyone who would come and Finally, we would have to discard and Covenants. We would have to

say to you, "This is Christ that I teach; all that we know about the resurrection discard the Pearl of Great Price and

that is Christ that I teach; that is the and its effect; all of that is gone. all that it says.

Christian doctrine."In that sense I As to all these, and almost countless Now, brothers and sisters, let us be

think that these scholars about whom other matters: be not deceived, believe aware of this false Christ, false Chris-

I have already read, who would discard them not, follow not after the false tianity which is taking root among everything that they could not account Christs. some of our intellectuals. Be not deof nature, theyfor the laws by known it after not not, follow believe ceived, I to like appreciate that you would for are false effect Christs, inare they various in it, those said as the Lord records of the the eschatology without believetelling that the that things us we records. life, of Savior's should the have we tradition, are Christ symbolmyths,in

I as I already have testimony left bear teachings, husks, but moral nothing my exist. allegory;ism, did not they of the truthfulness if to the indicated ethics lived, which, would and make religion, of kind that a kind that Now, its great of restoration the gospel, to great people, a people, a a us humane require Christianity thatof would we of the restoration to principles, the people, carry peaceful not but would

all thediscard that Great about know we of all of conferring to the priesthood, of presence into our the us back Heavdeter- inCouncil heaven and what was Joseph, the Prophet things these Father. upon enly

lie there, things these becausemined Prophet the passing from to the down is doctrine view, that only In not my as of nature, theoutside laws known of the Presidents the through Joseph it is sacrilegious, blasalso to but me scholarsthose understand them. Presipresent, our that until the Church cast utterly to be something phemy, as Fall discard to the have would We O. President of David the Church, dent left less after get they have away. We allegory, symbolism. a myth,being an

all rights the of the and has McKay, their discards the old than through with virgin discard to the have would We authoripowers the prerogatives and and for the old that paganism, paganism,birth, very conception, the divine the the conferred ties upon that were did mythology, acknowledge and Greek religion; of that our wouldfoundation

Joseph. Prophet divine of of beings a kind worship have go. tohave

soberness. in this testimony conceived; they I bear you they did believe discard witness which to the have would We

this against soul I repeat, cries out worship them. and in them my of baptism of the at the time the Father

of the Savior; that would go as myth, My whole soul rebels against this heresy that is taught by this group of

symbolism, allegory. emasculation of Christianity. Jesus did socalled Christians.

We would have to discard practically live. First, there was the great plan in God be with us and help us always,

all of the miracles as not taking place heaven; that did actually occur. All I humbly pray, in the name of Jesus.

and those that might be accepted would that we know about it took place there. Amen.

The newly dedicated Relief Society Building. A section of crowd in Tabernacle.

flSS8AMMi. 920 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They Bear Witness

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

A witness to the mission of the Lord angel. These are the witnesses spoken "Those who know me best, will know

As Jesus Christ, I address my remarks of in the Book of Mormon, whom the that I have always adhered to that l not only to those who are assembled Lord said he would call to bear record testimony—And that no man may be

here, but also to those who are scattered of the truth of this Book of Mormon. misled or doubt my present views in

abroad, many of whom may not be All those who have heard of the Book regard to the same, I do now again members of the Church. of Mormon, all those who have read it, affirm the truth of all my statements

The Lord said that in the mouth of have had the opportunity to read the as then made and published.

two or three witnesses, all things should testimonies of Oliver Cowdery, David "He that hath an ear to hear, let be established, and he has always had Whitmer, and Martin Harris, who bore him hear: It was no delusion. What

witnesses who could bear testimony of solemn testimony to the truth of this is written is written, and he that readthis truth by divine revelation and aprecord, that is, of its being revealed. If eth let him understand....

pointment. they refuse to read (and yet their atten- "And if any man doubt should he not

When he sent the missionaries out in tion has been called to this fact, that carefully and honestly read and underthe early days after the restoration of the Lord has spoken, that he has given stand the same before presuming to sit in the gospel, the Lord said he sent them into the hands of the world today the judgment, and condemning the light that they might "be prepared in all record of those people who lived anwhich shineth in darkness, and showeth things when I shall send you again to ciently) and they turn away and reject the way to eternal life, as pointed out magnify the calling whereunto I have it, they will have to answer for it before by the hand of God?

called you, and the mission with which the judgment seat of God. "In the Spirit of Christ who hath said

I have commissioned you. And wo be unto those who take it follow thou me; for 'I am the life, the

"Behold, I sent you out to testify and upon themselves to fight these revelalight, and the way.'I submit this statewarn the people, and it becometh every tions. ment to the world. God, in whom I

man who hath been warned to warn his I bear witness to you that the Lord trust being my judge, as to the sincerity neighbor. has made it very clear to me by revelaof my motives and the faith and hope

"Therefore, they are left without extion which I have received, and many that is in me of eternal life.

cuse, and their sins are upon their own of you who are here present can bear "My sincere desire is that the world heads."(D & C 88:8082.) witness likewise, that these things are may be benefited by the plain and simSo the words that are spoken by those true, and that is the privilege of any ple statement of the truth.

who are commissioned and have the sincere person who will endeavor to "And all the honor be to the Father, authority to bear witness of the truth read with a prayerful spirit and a desire the Son and the Holy Ghost, which is are binding not only upon the members to know whether the book is true or one God. Amen."

of the Church, but also upon all unto not; and he will receive that testimony "David Whitmer, Sr."

whom this message comes. according to the promise that was made

In regard to the coming forth of the by Moroni, who sealed the record to This document bears the signature

Book of Mormon, the Lord said that he come forth in the Dispensation of the and endorsement as to the character of would choose witnesses. There should Fulness of Times. David Whitmer by the following citibe three special witnesses that should I thought it would be well, however, zens of Richmond, Ray County, Misbear record to the world, and said he: to bring two testimonies here and read souri.

"And there is none other which shall them, one from David Whitmer and one view it, save it be a few according to the from Oliver Cowdery. When I read Richmond, Mo. March 19th., A.D. 1881.

will of God, to bear testimony of his these, I am going to read the copies that "We the undersigned citizens of Richword unto the children of men; for the I made from the original sources. This mond, Ray County, Mo., where David

Lord God hath said that the words of is not a copy from a copy, but a copy Whitmer, Sr. has resided since the year

the faithful should speak as if it were from the original, that I read to you. A.D. 1838, certify that we have been

from the dead. This is a testimony of David Whitlong and intimately acquainted with

"Wherefore, the Lord God will promer, given in Richmond, Missouri, him, and know him to be a man of the ceed to bring forth the words of the March 19, 1881—copied from the orighighest integrity and of undoubted truthbook; and in the mouth of as many witinal document, which was published in and veracity—Given at Richmond, Mo.,

nesses as seemeth him good will he the Richmond Conservator on that date. this March 19, A.D. 1881.

establish his word; and wo be unto him "Unto all nations, kindreds, tongues A. W. Doniphan"

that rejecteth the word of God!"(2 Ne. and people unto whom these presence

27:1314.) shall come George W. Dunn, Judge of the Fifth

I shall not take time to read the testi- "It having been represented by one Judicial Circuit.

monies of the Three Witnesses, nor of John Murphy of Polo [Caldwell Coun- T. D. Woodson, President Ray County

the Eight Witnesses to the Book of ty], Missouri, that I had in a conversaSavings Bank

Mormon. These are published in each tion with him last summer, denied my Jacob O. Child, Editor of Conservator

copy of that book. The testimony of testimony as one of the three witnesses H. C. Garmen, Cashier Ray County

Oliver Cowdery, David Whitmer, and to the Book of Mormon Savings Bank

Martin Harris was that in the presence "To the end thereof, that he may un- W. A. Holman, County Treasurer

of an angel they beheld the record from derstand me now if he did not then, J. S. Hughes, Banker, Richmond, Mo.

which the Book of Mormon was transand that the world may know the truth, James Hughes, Banker, Richmond, Mo.

lated, and had the privilege of examin- I wish now, standing as it were, in the D. P. Whitmer, Attorney At Law

ing it in the presence of that heavenly very sunset of life, and jn the fear of James W. Black, Attorney At Law

being, and the voice of the Lord sounded God, once for all to make this public L. C. Cantwell, Postmaster, Richmond,

to them from the heavens calling upon statement: Mo.

them to bear witness of this truth, to "That I have never at any time, Geo. I. Watson, Mayor

every nation, kindred, tongue, and peodenied that testimony or any part thereJas. A. Davis, Revenue Collector

ple. of, which has so long since been pub- J. Hughes, Probate Judge and P. J. Ray

Eight other witnesses beheld the lished with that book, as one of the County Courts plates, but not in the presence of an three witnesses. {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 921 way back to Nauvoo and then continPresident Joseph Fielding Smith Continued ued his journey across the Territory of

Iowa to the camp of the Latterday

Geo. W. Trigg, County Clerk Ray felt, were wicked men conspiring to lesSaints at Kanesville, where he made his

County sen the effects of your testimony on plea to be brought back again into the

H. W. Mosby, M.D. man, after you have gone to your longChurch, testifying there again, which

Thos. McGinnis, Late Sheriff Ray sought rest."testimony I think is quite generally

County You know, when Oliver Cowdery known, that he was not asking to come

W. R. Holman, Furniture Merchant wrote that he was not a member of the back for any place or position, but

J. P. Qouisinberrey, Merchant Church, he had left the Church through merely to be a humble member of the

Lewis Slaughter, Recorder of Deeds some transgression. Not long, however, Church, and he bore witness to the

G. W. Buchanan, M.D. after he wrote this letter to his brothersame things on his return.

A. K. Reyburn inlaw he found his way back to the Just another word—if Oliver Cowdery

body of the Church. had been lying and the story was not

The following editorial in the RichWhen the Prophet Joseph Smith was true, at the time when unstable memmond Conservator was also published: in Carthage Jail with his brother bers of the Church were forsaking it, he

"Elsewhere we publish a letter from Hyrum, John Taylor, and Willard Richnever would have gone to Nauvoo,

David Whitmer, Sen., an old and well ards, the Prophet asked that a letter among the enemies of the people, and

known citizen of Ray, as well as an be written to Oliver Cowdery asking then continued his journey westward to endorsement of his standing as a man, him if he had not fed upon the husks find the body of the Latterday Saints signed by a number of the leading long enough. I do not know what bewhen everyone else thought they had

citizens of this community, in reply to came of that letter, but evidently it must gone to their destruction.

some unwarranted aspersions made upon have been written and shortly after the The Lord bless you, I pray, in the him. martyrdom, Oliver Cowdery found his name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

"There is no doubt that Mr. Whitmer,

who was one of the Three Witnesses of plates, ofthe authenticity the gold from. that transhe assertswhich Smith Joe

lated the of facsimile (a Book Mormon "Repent ye therefore..of in his has possession he them now

with the original records)"—may I be

to therepardoned pause and say he by Clifford E. Young original the records;did not have what

the editor meant was that he had a ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE copy of the manuscript of the Book of manuscript whichMormon, used was

I carried, mother's laid SISTERS, SUre they was AND BRETHREN womb whom amin translation the of record—"is the

is the at of gate the temple which feelings appreciate in daily can you my itsfirmly of origin, convinced divine MY called Beautiful, to of that ask alms them this position occupying following effort while to heand makes obtrude no into the entered temple; address impressive the have to which we belief,his or views simply the he wants seeing to Peter go about and John Who I trust just I shall listened. that what is to far that soworld as coninto he the asked know alms. temple an

faith. to say your add may is Peter, his fastening eyescerned there him upon or And 'variableness no

shadow of turning.'Having resided You will remember that following the with John, said, Look on us.

here for half of a century, it is with no crucifixion of the Savior and his resurAnd he gave heed unto them, expecting to for rection, disciples his tarried of receive with he them. something [Something malittle pride that points to his past he

terial.] forty instrucgiving days, some themrecord, the with that consciousness he

said, I Peter Silver gold and have Then to tions Sacthe administering and themhas his derogatory to charnothing done I give none; as I thee: but such In have Lord's of Supper. the he rament Thenacter as citizen a believer in a the and of rise of the Christ Jesus Nazareth name left as that assured he he them, them of to attackSon warrant such Mary an walk. and up

like in to again manner come it would him, sourceon coming from what right the he took hand, And by him bless of enjoined the children men. He lifted lilies his up: and of him seventyimmediately themay, with and now, and

five winters crowning him like an upon the Twelve that they should tarry feet and ankle bones received strength.

aureole, and, his pilgrimage on earth in Jerusalem until they could be enAnd he leaping up stood, and walked, well nigh ended he reiterates his former dowed with power from on high; then and entered with them into the temple,

leaping, praising walking and and God. forth to to they proclaim were go and willstatement futurity leave to and

all the people walking and him saw And all his gospel, gospel, nations, to asolve the that problem a the he but was praising God: life. of eternal message itspassing of witness fulfilment."it they sat that he which knew was And find events, these So, following the we letter a written From Oliver by for at the of gate the Beautiful alms temple: accord"gathered people "with one on of the witnesses, three anotherCowdery, filled they with were and wonder and

Peter, feeling Pentecost, the of and Day at his thatto brotherin-law, happened which had amazement Phineas Young,

March 23, 1846, from Tiffin, Ohio, I this great power that had been promised, unto him.

copy this: declared to the multitude Jesus Christ And as the lame man which was healed

crucified. all are told that held the Peter people ran and him and John, We "I cherished have a hope, that and

is together the in porch that unto them their in "they pricked hearts,"were im-

I fondest, of thatone leave might my called Solomon's, greatly (Acts wondering. Spirit, pressed cried the they and by assuch character a those might who 3:1-11.) accord, brethren, with one and "Menbelieve in after testimony, I should my

shall do?"what we this of spread, the miracle so, called fame hence,be do not might only When

taught the them Then Peter far basic people to gathered sakefor the of from near and the truth, not but might gospel, of the should that they listen to as they the message, for on had privateblush the character of the principles of Pentecost. I that bore testimony. Among theseman who have repentsion of andtheirbe sins;baptizedand forhe thepromisedremisthepeopleDaywere sensitive this had some subject, Ibeen who doubtless admit, on

they, too, that the have would them crucifixion in participated of I the Jesus. so, tobut be ought be you would

blessings the of had Holy Ghost which realized not they had They what had circumstances, theunder stood had you rested others the of and upon him Peter, to preaching done. them,in the of presence Then deour with John

find Later, Peter Twelve. and we John said:parted Brother to receive the Joseph,

to going the temple. upLesser Priesthood, in the presence and

I brethren, that wot through now, Andof Peter, to receive the Greater, and it, Peter as together also rulers, ignorance did did and went ye John your up Now look, time, witness through and down into [I at the of prayer, the temple old the using being hour expression, English know, the effects these two must produce the ninth hour. "I wot,"I know that through ignorance ye

you would feel what you have never And a certain man lame from his did it, as did also your rulers.]

922 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But those things, which God before had had rested upon him, and here he maniing of one's soul. I think much of the

shewed by the mouth of all his prophets, fested sympathy toward even those who unhappiness found in homes is due to that Christ should suffer, he hath so fulhad participated in the crucifixion of faultfinding and questioning of motives.

filled. cultivate the spirit to Savior, the need because they not what knew We be converted, ye therefore, Repent and forbearance. the teaching derstanding done. and they was had He Weof uncan out, blotted sins yourthat when the may be

if this spirit in together while lesson taught that have Jesus on had we kneel shall the refreshing of fromtimes come presence of the Lord; the cross when he said, "Father, forgive prayer and if we show a sympathetic

And he shall send Jesus Christ, which them for they know not what they interest in one another's problems, in before was preached unto you: do."* the problems of our children. Be inWhom the heaven must receive until the So Peter said, I know that what ye terested in them and in their welltimes of restitution of all things, which did ye did in ignorance; therefore, rebeing.

his of all the mouth hath spoken byGod in privilege, recently going pent. impressed blessed a and I was What

(Ibid., began. the world prophets sinceholy it is, presito into of of our stake source consolation of one a what the home

3:1721.) know that it is in our knowledge of dents in Logan. He and his wife have

of boys. responsilovely for are held was things two them which One we things, brethren three are There my trip chilhis out ble. the that going recognizes a during Scout on Lord The like I to touch sisters, that wouldand

to of badge. merit are things a the not always you aware dren win week Do scriptures these connection with inon

of the his of boy that mother required good hence them, comand know will I not read. have Timewhich

his to years old twelve only passion love was are extended was and who them. enlarging onpermit my to reprinciple great going sleeping taking of her children. and bag The

first gold "Silver have one: and The stars is to to that the out under with pentance vouchsafed them, him camp

I I thee."I as give have such but none; help, evil give error knowing guidance they turn and and from him and may

of manifested, the was power GodThen in his feel of extreme needed that return the to he youth power and God silver and by was heand healed—not faiththese blessings that guidance? that through come

tangible, but an notgold, something by I I this, of thought, his to learned fulness devotion As "What work and when afflicted, the to a powerinward power spirit is lovely chilhis ideal his a mother! once understood an work by What

as potent real than hadjust more and is this of in to dren. a a have what have home!"message That So we we

is It gold. silver somereceived andhe to to converted hope. need. need be Wein souls that stimulates our andthing to carry Finally, as said, of old concepts Peter the and be and "Repent some

live faith, to usbuilds prompts our lives. will in in out converted."conversion our our need Then them we We Father and ournearer more Heavenly hearts. in righteousness of correct to our the homes. have need some We We hisfully to keep commandments. in will of of the practices faultfinding, joy world misconpeace and have

As we listened to President McKay, struing motives. because of the blessings given unto us

I had a feeling that if we could leave Now we are in the throes of a politiby our Heavenly Father through his this conference with the inspiration and cal campaign. Whatever we do, brethdivine Spirit, blessings that were given

mellowing influence of the President's ren and sisters, let us not impugn the to the disciples on the Day of Pentemessage, we would have an influence for motives of our brethren because they cost, that they might proclaim the good wherever we go and with those do not agree with us; and may they not truth.

with whom we come in contact, and question our motives. Let us recognize May we not only be able to proour communities would reap a blessing principle. We may disagree with our claim the truth in word, but also in

thereby. neighbors as to policy or methods, but deed! May we be able to take from

It is very much like the feelings and let us not question the integrity of anythis meeting the spirit of this solemn emotions that are stirred within us one. This leads to bearing of false witoccasion with its impressiveness into

when we attend a funeral service. Our ness. It leads to enmity and the cankerour homes, our wards, and stakes, and,

hearts are drawn in love and sympathy, *The Prophet Joseph Smith interpreted this prayer above all, into our lives, I humbly and we leave feeling that if there is as referring to the Roman soldiers. pray in the name of Jesus. Amen.

anything we can do to bring comfort to an aching heart, we will do it. I

have wondered many times if the Lord has not given us trials, even death, in order that our hearts might be touched, that is Trust in the feel something mightthat we greater than silver and gold.

So it is here this morning. We have

heard President McKay quote this versewhich I would like to give on this occaLORD sion. It is so appropriate.

by Thorpe B. Isaacson

If there is righteousness in the heart,

There will be beauty in the character. OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

If there is beauty in the character,

There will be harmony in the home.

If there is harmony in the home, President McKay, President Richards, ened in their faith because these conferThere will be order in the nation. President Clark, my dear brothers ences, in the planning of them, everyIf there is order in the nation, arid sisters, and friends of the radio thing that is said and done here is done

There will be peace in the world. and television audience, I wish every under the inspiration of God, our Eterperson in this vast congregation could nal Father. You must know, of course,

One step after another leads to a stand here and look at this beautiful that we come to you very humbly, full life of peace. How much better the sight, with a background of these beautiof love, prayerful, and dependent upon

world could be and would be if we ful Singing Mothers. I humbly pray the Lord.

forces, be consciouscould ofthe spiritual I in interest your that have an may I for like to use theme would as myinspiring as love such attributes and I faith shall prayers, that nothsay and five verses a few and moments devotion. beautiful will ing that the detract from of third Proverbs. chapter the sixMy fromreaAnother phase I would like to mention addresses that we have already listened son for deciding upon this theme is

here: Peter said to the people who were to. that recently I have had contacts with

to that "[Igathered, that strength is great through I wot comes know] There fine a few men, young men, young who... it. sessions, didignorance of the attend ye the Repent ye those who

for or reason one another have been..therefore, general or of the conferences Church, be converted.."Here and

we have Peter, who was raised under to those who listen to them over radio confused. Teachers have disturbed

the Mosaic law with its strict codes, and and television. Those who read the them, and they were seeking counsel.

yet the Spirit promised by the Savior conference messages will be strength- (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 923 corded religion has now given way. It

Thorpe B. Isaacson Continued was only in recent years that the study

of theology was merely tolerated. Today

is universal a acknowledgalmost all in heart; the thine Trust with Lord suit if that important group very

religion rightof study that the of mentit lean thine not understanding.and unto own call for inthe Lord upon would men to person. fully every belongs all thy In him, acknowledge and ways spiration guidance. and

direct shall paths. thy ishe interest religion in wideThat new Fathers our Founding would What to recogspread, have come and many of fathers? that? think Pioneer Our is I best that the advice could That nize science alone that measure cannot

fathers, those Pilgrim and who Our disgive to person be any who may in providing to expectations answers up this of Constitution land? the formed I to that followturbed. course think religion, questions of deepest the to and

their lean did undernot on They own to probgive the us answer anywould trereligion something has sometimes

I of leaders standing. the the nahope or or sorrow disturbance any anylem in to say present world the mendous that of will tions world the change later orwith be which we now may is revival struggle. or This one change

lean in policy the Nations United andconfronted. inquiry, intelligent of and honest and

their understanding. not on own not courses are thine with under- "Lean approaching students unto own

I airin traveling as Recently an was scripturestanding."reminds openmindedness. That me,

as for the Texas, plane and headed itif I inject misbeing without may if It all well students be would would served, tray there a luncheon was was of at proceedings the theunderstood, lives, first in their religion place and I first tray, that the that card had on of nearly fourinauguration years ago living in this faith in give would them seen, inscribed: ever "For on which wasPresident D. Eisenhower, where Dwight in as as today, the well tomorrow's world table to a say those want who... his prayed becausehe head and bowed seekthe of world. love and The God I felt grace."that to comforted know felt for divine guidaid the needhe and will his lend divine ing of guidance in in traveling plane, a had someone

ance. of person. strength soul to the every spiritual to the courage understand had

That same course has been followed and recognize that a table grace or Yes, there is a divine spark in every by other great leaders. In fact, as I prayer was appropriate on an airplane, man's soul that never wholly goes out.

have tried to study great men, I could and there were three prepared blessings. Religion plays a great part in the life

not find one who has not followed that Then at the bottom were inscribed these of every soul. The cycle has now come

same practice. This was even true of words: "You may how your head in around full turn. Perhaps once we

Jesus, the Son of God, as he went into prayer if you so desire."I thought how may have doubted our faith, but now

the Garden of Gethsemane. It was my appropriate and what spiritual courage we have come to doubt our doubts.

to apleasure there of stand years couple that originated faith one the and who fountainthe has been Church The I inago, think Jerusalem, and when I that possessed, idea noticed and around centuries, of the over and good head of of the Garden Gethsemane onnow silentthat plane, there others were who its spiritual for of love God's message I of outskirts ofthe think Jerusalem, ly the their thanked heads and bowed only not has comfort brought and man ofthe the Jesus, place where Son God, for blessings that grace the on Lord and to pureness of heart and men women to pray. his did lean not onwent He food. it also ages, the but has through down there went, understanding, but heown I I article. not Recently read do an of to inspired heights the achievethem once, seekoccasions,not but on many It indirecall or magazine. the paper for to turn they ment God whening strength his Father. This from was religious trend cated a encouraging very strength.particularly his true before the night in colleges universities throughout and

crucifixion when he desired to be blessed the land. In our colleges and universiYoung people, ask and it shall be

and sustained by his Father to go ties there is a revival of religious traingiven. Watch your thinking, young

through the ordeal that was to face him ing, and it is having a dynamic effect on people. Do not let anyone disturb your

on the morrow. the lives of the young people. thinking. There may be those who

did forefathers. not faith of ReProphet beloved the lack your Joseph Our circles in time a academic There was his understanding.lean are your No, today on where you member, own at religion that sneering detected one will to seek into the Sacredhe you. thoughts went brought have Grove You superstition,"that as but an "outworn

Idivine guidance. the stood day, next the on and tomorrow, be As and

is literature, past. in biblical Courses

will of the River thoughts somebanks every your day Susquehanna where ethics, history Christian church had and

I all thinking ago, not acknowlhelp could "In thy take you.months ways curriculum, the disappeared almost from

visit ideals. Ideals of Oliver that the edge him."your Joseph and Keep

is educators changing. that but Many river stars: of that to the like cannot when touch banks the aremade You scoffing that has detected have now like the divine guidance, they butthey hands, and needed with your them inquiry. to serious Regiven very way for their underlean your notcould can use mariner, on them you own

is ligion "intellectually respectagain if to theystanding. that follow secluded them, guidance; went and you They teachers able"sound. Students and and too, will they, his light will close reach toplace the and way, where you home faith to seek disposition a growing have "lean destination. their askedknelt But, not knees on and on your down ultirealize in the that they God, and will reveal his to and them, unto understanding."thine Thank GodGod own

lie far the reach beyond answers mate of the religious the sent messenger, for purpose heavenly a memberhe the John scientific research. of

his Baptist, deliver Saint to Latterday of message. Church. "Lean the ship

universities large of have our Many thine understanding."not unto own his kindness for to grateful God I am in great a experienced ungrowth now I felt that to think bad always have

I that blessings me. unto know and for religious courses, study dergraduate it as greatthat organization know we is I lives. the that Jesus know God attracting are churches and now many repreof Nations,the composed United I Living of the Christ, the God. Son their meetingoverflow that crowds the world leaderssentative throughout Presithe today, that the Prophet know religious at courses houses. Attendance trying to planningstudying and and President O. of the dent David Church, colleges unidoubled. and has Many everjust of solve a the problem and

is earth. the servant God's on McKay, call versities a they hold what now sessions their peace,lasting not do open

is people, to the blessing a he What spe- "Religious and Emphasis Week,"that prayer. attendedwith who man A if in in are ever doubt knowing and we cialists eighty percent that found have that to session reported he once me follow, need course we what may we faith, religious for recognize need the sad. there There was fromwent away for ask stop one second one only and will are very there few and who now there anger; thereconfusion; was was the ourselves, of question would "What thine atheism. not admit on "Lean petidisagreement. no been There had similar in a do the of President Church understanding."own guidfor divine asking tion to the Lord position?"

is its all in Religion very of forms poputhe ance, the very yet peace and world largely hinges on that great body lar and a significant topic in formal God bless us with great faith, not with of men. Because some disbelieve and debates and common conversation by selfsufficiency, that we may not lean

some will not admit divine guidance, we intelligent people today. In the educaon our own understanding, I humbly

are denied the blessings that would retional world, the indifference long acpray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

924 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gift of the Holy Ghost, as previously

Steadfastness quoted.And thenSaidare he,ye in this straight and narrow path which leads to eternal life; yea,

ye have entered in by the gate; ye have

Son; and the in CHRIST doneFatheraccording to the commandments of the beloved... brethren, after ye And now, my

by Marion D. Hanks havepath, gottenI wouldintoask thisif allstraightis done?and Behold,narrow

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY I say unto you, Nay; for ye have not come

thus far save it were by the word of Christ faith relying wholly in him, unshaken to the merits is mighty upon of him whoThethatgospelthe salvationof Jesus andChristexaltationteaches usof andin theenterstraightinto thepathnarrowwhich gate,leadsandto walklife, with save.

until continue in the path and the end of solely possible through press with a are made forward Wherefore, ye must men of probation. 33:9.) (2 Nephi day perfect in Christ, steadfastness love the a having goodness and graciousness andthe

of of love brightness hope, a and and God his gift of Divine to his us inof God after his of the witness bearing And if all shall press of ye Wherefore, men. Father's the life exemplifiedSon, whose his to this people same prophet feasting of Christ, the forward, upon word living for abundantpurposeful plan and said:Messiah saith the to thus behold, end, endure and available sacrificial death madewhose life. shall the eternal Father: have Ye

of eternal our vision us ato us gave and is the gate For should enter ye by brethren, which behold, beloved now, And my possibilities as children of God. From repentance and baptism by water; and then this is the way; and there is none other

the record of Nephi we read these imcometh a remission of your sins by fire and way nor name given under heaven whereby pressive words: by the Holy Ghost. {Ibid., 31:17.) man can be saved in the kingdom of

God.... (2 Nephi 31:1821.)

For we labor diligently to write, to perIn 1831 the Lord revealed to the suade our children, and also our brethren, Prophet the following: Wc accept with all our souls the

to believe in Christ, and to be reconciled absolute efficacy and essentiality of the to God; for we know that it is by grace... he that receiveth my gospel receiveth atonement of Christ. We attest to the

that we are saved, after all we can do. me; and he that receiveth not my gospel words of Peter and of other prophets

receiveth not me. 25:23.) Nephi (2 it is that necessary ancient and modern

is this And and my gospel—repentance for to Father's us accept our Heavenly

water, baptism by then the and cometh revelation, of latterday records The to as obedience by what know we... gift fire of baptism the Ghost. and Holy attest days, of former as those well as first of principles the ordinances and 39:5-6.) (D & C atonethe that truth great through to the also gospel. the that know if we We

certainly all will of Christ menment is other There for are thought one possibilities the to companion enjoy high be resurrected, and that all who are to these. Testifying that fundamental which we are created and which we

willing and obedient may enjoy the to everything we believe and hope for might desire as children of God, we must blessing of God's great gift of eternal and have faith in is the great sacrifice build upon our faith and obedience with life. of the of the Living right Son welldoing. knowing God, thinking and We must

requires The Latterday Saint understands that that of us that press he accept in steadfastness forward we with through the gift of God, through the his great gift, there is something else Christ, having a perfect brightness of sacrifice of his Divine atoning great necessary enjoy the of all high hope, a love if we are to and and of God is might achieve made Son, all that we it is spiritual possibilities if within so doing, which men. Through we endure

possible for us, but he understands also our capacity to achieve. Let me refer to the end, we shall have eternal life.

that in the plan of God it is necessary to the teachings of Nephi to his people There is no other way.

that we accept this free gift if we would after he had taught them faith, repent- I testify of this in the name of Jesus enjoy all of our eternal possibilities. ance, baptism, and the reception of the Christ. Amen.

For the Lord told his people through the Prophet in 1832,

For what doth it profit a man if a gift is bestowed upon him, and he receive not the gift? Behold, he rejoices not in that "For the Perfectim

which is given unto him, neither rejoices in him who is the giver of the gift. (D & C

88:33.) of the Saints"What must we do to "receive"his gift? The answer of the prophets has

been the same, both anciently and in by Marion G. Romney

this dispensation, both in the eastern OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE hemisphere and the western. Brother

this alluded Clifford morning Young sisters: Presibeloved brethren to y and tremendously I was The moved by at Pentecost the given answer by Peter

it talk just short given very opening address. by dent McKay's With in pricked to those having been who,

set this high conference Brother a very he reminds on D. Marion Hanks of Christ their hearts the witness by

I spiritual in also plane. enjoyed in Provo had I have an experience apostles, they Mme of the asked what born by

must do. The answer was clear and theI wasearlyattendingdays ofa Utahmy ministry.Stake conference,While whathim havethe said.brethrenI amwhosurehavethatfollowedwhat I unequivocal:

President Roy Murdock showed me shall say will be anticlimax to President

Repent and be baptized every one of through a recently remodeled Church McKay's great talk, but I hope it will you in the name of Jesus Christ for the edifice. I expressed satisfaction with it be in harmony therewith. I invite you

remission of sins, and ye shall receive the and remarked that I thought they had to join with me in praying that our gift of the Holy Ghost. (Acts 2:38.) everything in it that they would need. Heavenly Father will bless us these few

"Yes, said, Brother that I speak, to the have while minutes Romney, end we He exhis in parting testimony Nephi this except the everything door a trap need conclude on meeting we we may his for his feeling pressed of compassion let to pulpit speakers the President plane the behind high same on which for people, the the and for Jew, own it. talk long."too they through launched when McKay

gentile, said: and

I for trap in here a not a door remarks need do have few mind making We

But behold, for none of these can I hope Brother Hanks. I appreciate very much about "the perfecting of the saints,"

except they shall be reconciled unto Christ, his yielding so much time to me. {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 925 to slacken in our daily striving to move

Marion G. Romney Continued onward in our quest for eternal life.

It has therefore been one of the burdens all in of leadership dispensations Church is first I repeat, listed individual in tion hangs, writing Paul an when,which these to to Saints the keep encourage is It set obtheto the Ephesians, forth conditioned matter. the purhe upon their in things constantly remembrance.

celestial officers for as of laws they applyposes servance and which Church apostle, Peter, chief deeply the was is life. of will given. earthteachers to were rememWisdom You The Word althis concerned matter about when,

tithchastity, said: also of are sober that them, one he of his the within most shadow own day, ing, of the observance Sabbath far cross, so his and, apostles; second he some, gave some, penned he and And

of prayer, industry, love honesty, Godprophets; evangelists; some, and some, epistle. last and his as Greeting know, we patience, kindness, fellow men, and teachers;pastors and saints, said the "obtained he had who

all rest princicharity, of the the and... perfecting saints. the of (Eph. the For like refaith"him, precious he with

ples gospel of the of ordinances and4:1112.) resthat been they had minded them

Christ. individual obJesus Each who this lusts of the world cued and from It resaid has that the been major shall of these serves laws or one more into virtue glory brought through andsponsibilities resting the memberupon blessings thereon, predicated receive the

of assured righteousness Christ. the He ofship classified the be Church may will, each and Church member who possessing of that themselves them by three heads:under diliall soul, his of the energy with virtues the enumerated, he Christian 1. the gospel. Preaching all, live strive shall gently to them this President and day which McKay 2. vicariously Performing saving the blessings predicated receive the upon hearing, in repeated could they our be of forordinances the gospel dead. the life, striving. greatest the Eternal such "partakers divine of nature."the made 3. Saints. Perfecting the it is gift blessing, of will that and God, said he, "For,"to of preaching the gospel, the As our living as of follow the gospel the the

is toobligation carry it "unto the ends statistics of regardless night the day, of the world,"nation, every "unto averages, and or or of think what others or theyif thesemake thingsyou thatbe inye you,shallandneitherabound,be kindred, and tongue, and people,""and say or do, for the Lord Almighty himself barren nor unfruitful in the knowledge of before kings and rulers."(D & C 1:23; has said that our Lord Jesus Christ.

133:37.) But he that lacketh these things is blind,

It is thrilling to contemplate the... every soul who forsaketh his sins and cannot see afar off, and hath forgotten

progress being made in carrying out and cometh unto me, and calleth on my that he was purged from his old sins.

voice, obeyeth and keepeth and my dilirather, give the brethren, Whereforethis I great sure commission. am

shall face commandments, and we myname, see my diligence to calling election your and make allshall inspired be hear anew when we I that 93:1.) know am. (D if & C sure: shall things, for these ye ye doElders their report Bennion Moyle and

fall: never

recent of tours the South American and that converse, of every The member shall For so ministered entrance be an the European missions. the Church who refuses to do so will unto you abundantly into the everlasting

That in discharging our obligations fall short of the glory of God, is just as kingdom of our Lord and Saviour Jesus to the dead we are keeping pace with true, for the Lord has also said that Christ.

our missionary service is abundantly Wherefore I will not be negligent to put thing enter no into unclean can... of you things, always these in remembranceclear fact that the from western United

his therefore kingdom; entereth into nothing though ye established them, be and know isStates in blanketed temples with

it rest his save those be have washed who in truth. the present is for a prodigiouswhich the work dead their blood, of in garments their because my I it I think Yea, as as long meet, am in carriedbeing forward day. night and faith, all the sins, their and repentance of this tabernacle, to putting stir you up by

is also in being work done CanMuch their faithfulness and the end. unto (3 in you remembrance;

ada, Hawaii, and Switzerland, and temNephi 27:19.) Knowing that shortly I must put off this

ples are reared in England now being tabernacle, even as our Lord Jesus Christ my

If I had the power, I would impress faroffand in hath shewed me. New Zealand.

Statistics also indicate that in "the every member of the Church with the Moreover I will endeavour that ye may perfecting of the saints"we are making transcendent import to himself of strictbe able after my decease to have these headway. During the last twenty years ly obeying the principles of the gospel. things always in remembrance. (II Peter

there has been a great increase in the In these remarks I hope I can so present 1:8-15.)

least will of at this that matter one you tithing, fast in of offerings,payment and his Prophet in Joseph Smith The day to resolution a join in a with make me financialother contributions, there and over over pleaded again the and with effort so future to in greater the than do a atin substantialhas been increase in Saints the of very Peter to words past. in the ever have With made we attendance Sacrament meetings and

their "calling election sure."and make life set eternal prize before of great thestake conferences. to other As many Explaining this he adwhat meant by in of light the the Lord emphasis us, andactivities, like are rethere encouraging

said, monition he this fact eternal that the has put upon allports, of regive to which cause us is life condition attainable only uponjoice.

repents faith in Christ, person has After a in to followthat the end, "endure we therefore, to take reason, We have is for the remissins, baptized his and of of ing the the the example Son recstrive for still bettercourage and the sins receives his Holy living ofsion of and ords. And as we do so, may I suggest God,"it does seem to me that no LatterGhost... then let him continue to humble

that we keep in mind always that neither day Saint should be content to stand himself before God, hungering and thirststatistics nor Church averages guaranday after day in the same place on the ing after righteousness, and living by every tee perfection. Important as these are way to eternal life. word of God, and the Lord will soon say

exalted. shalt Son, thou be unto him, When his instructed the mountain Jesus On activity to stirring usin keeping us and

thoroughly proved him, has the and Lord their disciples "perfect, as"to even be fact progress, of the remains ouraware is serve finds to the that determined man is is perfect."in "Father heaven which attaining the perfectionthat comwill find all the at then hazards, man Him instructhe the varied he Nephites to To the Savior alluded and bymanded sure. his election his calling and made

little. tion just to a wanted them He is matter. individual Paul anby 3, Vol. 380.) -p. (D.H.C.,

Years ago I read an article, which, as "be perfect even as"he, or their "Father

I remember it, made the point that who is in heaven is perfect."John, the In similar vein, our present leaders

while living the Word of Wisdom would beloved apostle, made plain that all of are continually putting us in rememon the average improve the health and us, if we see the Savior, must purify brance of the importance of living the lengthen the life span of the members ourselves, "even as he is pure."(Matt. gospel. They are repeatedly urging us

of any group who observed it, still no 5:48; 3 Nephi 12:48; I John 3:3.) to gird up our loins and take upon us

one member of the group could safely Because there are so many people the whole armor of Christ. We heard

rely upon receiving the promised blessabout us who have no vision of the goal President McKay make the plea this ings himself. I did not believe the docto which we are inspired by the gospel, morning, and only recently and on more

trine then, and I do not believe it now. we are in danger of becoming surfeited than one occasion, we have heard

The perfection upon which exaltawith the things of the world and are apt President McKay urge us to become 926 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I

of edifying for the ministry, of the work in ourselves perfection for striving that divine the of"partakers nature,"—

of Christ: the body life. eternal to will us is bring Dofavorite his quotaof which this one

faith, of all the unity in the Till come we all hasten measurably can ing so do says Peter we we maythinktions,—which of of God, the the of Son knowledge and Paul foreshadowed great that by righteousness day the through escapingby of perfect the measure unto a unto man,

is that Saints Jesus instructed the in the that he corruption "theof Christ when of (Eph. Christ: fulness of stature the the

world through lust."(II Peter 1:4.) 4:1113.)

Let us be reminded that we came into... gave some, apostles; and some,

the Church of Jesus Christ through a prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, That we may do so, I humbly pray

cleansing and a purifying process. Bepastors and teachers; in the name of Jesus Christ, our Relieving that Jesus brought about our For the perfecting of the saints, for the deemer. Amen.

resurrection and put into operation the great plan of mercy by which our sins may be washed away in his blood, we Friday Afternoon, October 5, 1956 developed a faith in him which moved us to repentance in the hope that we, by complying with the saving principles of the gospel, might be raised unto exaltationlife gain eternal an and

Christ of and The Gospel to the Jews the atonement"through the power of his resurrection."(Moroni

9:41.) by LeGrand Richards

Then, in final preparation for Church membership, and as evidence of our OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE willingness to take upon us the name to of determination our Christof and shall they of at the a surety, times when of feeling every I the express sure am bapwere his we commandments,keep pass. to come I I that say today here heart when

of remission of for I the shalltized that be for immersion they by know... this of sessions thrilled the with have I last days; in the the great forth unto worth fromsin. them came Jesus As this present moment. to conference up shall them; understand they for in that left day glorified having body, a withtomb this world, of out been has music The I written for their have good wherefore, so grave, in all the corruptibleness we beautiful, been prayers have the and 25:7-8.) Nephi (2 them. in buried should have baptismthrough and counsel instructions and the and of our corruption the gravethe watery brethof the testimonies the fulfilment in all advice and are here today We in sins, newness forth to walk and come I wonderful. been prophets, of and have ren the of the words to worldly return life, to againof never contribution it I I a that make because pray Isaiah of prophecies may the love confirmed prepared werelusts. we Thus final success to the helpful that be lived more almost that to he may seems me the given of and the Churchmembers conference. this of actually he in than was our day when these gift Through Ghost. of the Holy about I like words say to a few gave the would Lord earth, because the upon were ordinances principles we and great a I been always prophecy. have that of things the to so see many him thus purified. Having cleansed and prophets. of the in the words believer in latter days in the transpire would of in blood the garments ourwashed said: Isaiah the Lord these valleys of and Through the redemption straight the through entered Christ, we of the this of house building the God the narrow on stood redeemed gate and is like there me, I none and God, am of tops mountains in the of the Jacob It life eternal.... to leads which beginning. theway from the end Declaring all the Israel of from gathering the and it should been, and (Isa. then 46:9-10.)should have

earth. of the nations of desire every controlling be, thenow angel the recall will that when You it prophets the that it is seems desire of the To me and member,Church Joseph the to Prophet appeared Moroni as completely just laid about is to out the have on way every who member night and the during three times Smith of the great plan the perfectly rethis retain to life and eternal always

this was morning, next when and the the this earth to respect and with Lord status. deemed eighteen, of a only he young was man final windthe until thereof spirit inhabitants to the surrender complete With chapeleventh the from quoted Moroni shall his scenes kingdom ing let us, when up honestly and gospel of the that the Prophet told of ter Isaiah and shall he established, and souls been have guile, and search our without own pass, to to things about were these come as of kings, an as King reign impresently and come find weakness the which folthe I chapter that read from and build- a plans life. he architect does eternal to when climb our pedes upward lowing: ing. evil faultfinding, If that be weakness

in prophecy. You repro- So I believe or anointed, of the Lord's speaking it to that day, pass in shall come And Savior appeared desist. when the let us member of Deity, faning the name the his set again shall the to that hand Lord

If it be neglecting our prayers, let us the two disciples on the way to Emsecond time to recover the remnant of his pause night and morning in our mad maus; as he listened to them he said: people....

rush and kneel with our families and "O fools, and slow of heart to believe And he shall set up an ensign for the in our secret chambers while we pour all that the prophets have spoken."nations, and shall assemble the outcasts of

dispersed together the Israel, gather and tells that us Peter 24:25.) peti- (Luke And thanksgiving and in souls our out

earth. of the corners the four of from Judah of sure also word a more have after thirsting tion, until "We and hungering

shall depart, also of Ephraim envy The anything sure than prophecy;"more filled are with righteousness the Holy we cut of shall be adversaries the Judah and a dark "... in light shineth that else, a it If failure to obtain the be Ghost. shall off: and Judah, not envy Ephraim

the day and until place, the dawn, day for of temple the sealing ordinances 11:11- (Isa. shall not Ephraim. vex Judah

ourselves and families, let us straightstar arise in your hearts."(II Peter 13.)

way prepare to enter that holy place 1:19.)

and obtain them before it is too late. I want to refer to two prophecies from Now we have lived to see the first

If it be the giving way to anger or apthe Book of Mormon. I quote the words part of that prediction literally fulfilled.

petite for the things forbidden in the of Moroni: He has gathered Israel into these valleys

to his promto according of surrendering the mountains or of Wisdom, Word shall of the purposes Lord eternal the For ise. the unto desecration of the an ensign baser lusts; if it be has set up He fulall shall roll his promises be until on,

Sabbath day or refusing to contribute of filled. nations. It seems to me that no thoughtour time and means according to the Search the prophecies of Isaiah.... ful, honest person could examine what

laws of the Church for the building (Mormon 8:2223.) the Lord has done in the establishment

of the kingdom; whatever it be, let us of this Church, his kingdom on the

find it, recognize it, and do something Then I read a statement from Nephi: earth, and then give any mortal man or

about it daily.... in the days that the prophecies of group of men the credit for what has

Let us resolve never to relax in our Isaiah shall be fulfilled men shall know {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 927 the Nephites shall have the words of the

LeGrand Richards Continued Jews; and the Nephites and the Jews shall

have the words of the lost tribes of Israel;

lost tribes Israel the of shall the and have Therefore, renounce proclaim It and war accomplished.been has been the God of the Nephites words the and Jews. to diligently peace, the seek hearts turn and this,of that has according heaven done it to shall that pass peocome And my fathers, of the to their the children andto the of prophets. the words ple, of shall Israel, of the are house which of to fathers children; hearts the the for like a few I would moments Now, their the of lands unto gathered be home

of again, hearts the the unto Jews And refer also of shall possessions; to this part theto be second and promword my

prophets, the the the prophets unto and I will gathered one. in untoise, show And together the gather dispersed "and

lest smite earth the whole and Jews; I come fight that against against them and word myof of four corners the the from Judah all curse, flesh a with bebe and consumed Israel, people, of of are the house who my isearth."to not today time There (Ibid., fore 98:1617.) me. I I that that and with covenanted God, am is fully doing,consider the Lord what

I that his seed would Abraham remember his to in promise,according gathering I this the understand As command, we forever. 29:1314.) (2 Nephi

the Jews back to the Holy Land. After prophets must turn our hearts unto the

two thousand years they now have a Jews, and then we may hope that they If the Jews are to have the records nation of their own and it is to be will turn their hearts unto us because of the Nephites, it will be because we hoped that with the help of the Lord of the message that we shall bring unto take these records to them.

they can establish it in permanency and them through the restoration of the gosWhen the Savior visited the Nephites, fulfil all the words of the prophets. pel in this dispensation. The imporhe promised them that the time would

Then Isaiah says, "The envy also of tance of this the Lord declared in these come when the Jews would have the

Ephraim shall depart, and the adverwords: "... lest I come and smite the fulness of the gospel preached unto

saries of Judah shall be cut off: Ephraim whole earth with a curse, and all flesh them. I read:

shall not envy Judah, and Judah shall be consumed before me."

are vexnot Ephraim."from shall that the time to pass come And We said in again revelation a Lord The

of shall fulness gospel us, the expects cometh sinceEphraim. Lord itwhen The my the given the organday was Church

20:30.) be unto (3 preached them. Nephi are as the his custodians of gospelwe ized, in giving to commanding and

latterrestored in days, these according to Oliver the the through Prophet Joseph the the in Prophet then Jacob And to understanding, extend the handmy responsibility carry to to the gospel the this of statement: Book made Mormonof all friendship after because to Judah, of earth: nations the

we are all descendants of the prophets the has unto spoken Jews, he by the That Isaac,Abraham, and Jacob, and we come first of the this preacher church And of his prophets, the holy from even mouth promisesunder the that through the church, before world, their unto the yea, and to beginning generageneration from down, descendants should all the nations of before the gentiles; yea, and thus saith the tion, until the time comes that they shall

the earth be blessed. Lord God, lo, lo! to the Jews also. Amen. be restored to the true church and fold of

I do not know how the enmity and (Ibid., 21:12.) God; when they shall be gathered home to

the envy between Ephraim and Judah the lands of their inheritance, and shall be can disappear except that we of the It would therefore appear that we established in all their lands of promise.

house of Ephraim, who have the custody have a great responsibility to preach the (2 Nephi 9:2.)

of the gospel, should lead out in trying gospel unto the Jews.

to bring to this branch of the house of We read in the Book of Mormon It seems to me that now that the Jews

Israel the blessings of the restored gosabout which President Joseph Fielding are being "gathered home to the lands pel. Smith has just been speaking, and you of their inheritance"and are being "esall in of their promise,"tablished lands premarvelously it has been know how revelation In a given to the Prophet

is shall this that the "they time when centuries the through and has Smith 3, 1831,Joseph the served on November fold to true be restored the and Church in this given to us been dispensation, said:Lord

this only can be done and God"; also in of fulfilment the of the of words

Send forth the elders of my church unto prophets that there was to be a record through our preaching the gospel unto the nations which are afar off; unto the isof Joseph joined to the record of Judah them.

are familiar not I do you know how of sea; thelands forth foreign send unto in the preface to the of Book

people, call history all first the oflands; the with nations, Jewish upon upon for read the purpose the—andMormon, which we

Gentiles, and then upon the Jews. (D & C the Lord preserved it: but they have suffered, it seems to me,

133:8.) as few if any people who have ever

Which is to show unto the remnant of lived upon the face of this earth; they

You know how literally the Church the House of Israel what great things the have been driven from country to counhas fulfilled that command; the gospel Lord hath done for their fathers; and that try; their people have been ravaged and

is going to nearly every nation under they may know the covenants of the Lord, put to death; parents have been separoff are that also they cast not intoheaven, the Eastern Far and now forever—And their other; children ated each from

to of the convincing the and Gentile Jewcountries, to the the Japanese and they to death because have put been is that Christ, Jesus the the God, the andChinese the Koreans and they that of things accused have been... all manifesting himself unto nations—Eternal soFilipinos forth, and the and Lord is all for. responsible were never That

it firstsaid that to go should the genin also of the fulfilment the of words is If this to witness be a book unto tiles the then and unto Jews. That prophets. is that is the Christ, the Jesus maniJewthe the Lord gave which unto command I First the of Nephi: read words you it all festing will nations, himself unto

of elders in this thethe day. Church

of his because be the we, members aside, hearts their turn they because And says: the Lord Then this take them, book Church, and unto

saith prophet, despised the the have and

I to today, say to very you happy am of in shall Israel, they wander Holy of One after tribe of also the they Judah, And it, those that not the know who may hiss perish, flesh, a the and and becometheir shall sanctified in holiness pain be before the Lord, to dwell in his presence missionary committee has approval of and a byword, and be hated among all day and night, forever and ever. (Ihid., the First Presidency to start preaching nations. (1 Nephi 19:14.)

133:35.) the gospel unto the Jewish people in

some of the stakes of Zion where there Now you know how literally that has

And it seems to me that the only way are many of them residing, on somewhat been fulfilled. Not only have they been

that the tribe of Judah can be sanctiof a trial basis to see if their hearts are driven from nation to nation and been fied to dwell in his presence forever and inclined enough to be willing to accept persecuted in a most terrible manner, ever will be when we bring to them the the message that the Lord has for them. but during World War II, in one nation

six of thesegospel of million the Christ as the Lord alone, over Jesus Jewish

it for otherSavior people to death promised put were no would them be Nephi:I read a few words from Second

latter in days. thatbrought the reason were they than Jews.

I quote again the words of the Lord And it shall come to pass that the Jews The Savior has spoken in a most to the Prophet Joseph in 1833: shall have the words of the Nephites, and positive manner against such persecu928 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

tions and actions. I read his words to Jews in the Meridian of Time, and then We have a few faithful missionaries

the Nephites: to the gentiles, and the promise was that working with the Jewish people and we

in the latter days it would come first are getting some encouragement and I

Yea, and ye need not any longer hiss, nor to the gentiles and then unto the Jews. extend to all of you Latterday Saints

spurn, nor make game of the Jews, nor But you will recall that the Lord did an invitation to help these missionaries

Israel; of of of the the house remnantany acthis in great all to movement, help conand until were the wait not Jews

his covefor remembereth behold, the Lord of Lord, the to promises the cording to gospel the sent the before he will unto he them, do unto them vertednant and to kindness and vision them; showing through gentiles, that marvelous through sworn. to that he hathaccording which

if will that It witness to I bear you seems you Peter experience had. my and 29:8.)(3 Nephi

it, bless for will all this if gentiles the you Lord until the do wait we me that

The Prophet Nephi saw our day and are converted before we take the gospel as he will for all that you do for the the coming forth of the Book of Morto the Jews, we shall never convert the building of his kingdom in the earth, mon, and through him the Lord made Jews; and yet the Lord promised them and I leave you my love and blessing

this statement: that the fulness of his gospel would in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

be preached unto them. Amen.

And because my words shall hiss forth many of the Gentiles shall say: A Bible!

A Bible! We have got a Bible, and there

cannot be any more Bible.

But thus saith the Lord God: O fools, theyshall have a Bible; and it shall proceed forth "Six Days May

from the Jews, mine ancient covenant people. And what thank they the Jews for the

Bible which they receive from them? Yea,

what do the Gentiles mean? Do they retravels, the the labors, and andmember the Work Be Done"

diligence unto the theirpains of Jews, and me, in bringing forth salvation unto the by Oscar A. KirkbamGentiles?

Gentiles, have ye remembered O ye the OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY ancient covenant mineJews, people? Nay;

but ye have cursed them, and have hated recover to sought them. notthem, and have It spirit is a day of rest. It Sabbath: the of the the blessings for pray all things these behold, returnBut holy."should be kept high It has been Lord. my of the for I the your Lord haveupon ownI willheads;

not forgotten my people. I privilege through the years to adOn the Sabbath day every person

Thou fool, that shall say: A Bible, we have dress myself largely to the young people shall attend religious meetings; fast, if

got a Bible, and we need no more Bible. of this Church. Today, with fathers desired, but always fast on the day

Have ye obtained a Bible save it were by and mothers and grandfathers and designated as fast day; partake of the

the Jews? (2 Nephi 29:3-6.) grandmothers—I want to take the liberty Sacrament, another opportunity, with all

all. the Through of to the of its speaking testimony bear teachings; them great It that the therefore appear would inhas I been call your years goodness. truth one commandment Lord's and that curses the indicated has andLord

in travel of next: many tensified because to the especially Make attention my the thathatred pronounce Jews upon we many'with association your lands, with right misunderstandings and any my will heads, our return and uponhe own

life. it of part singlereally to all people, things with my make fellow men. Do indicates his that displeasure wehe

I fourth recite briefly the commandpurpose divine of the heart ness toward to recover them."not sought"have

holy. It a day the Sabbath day. then of becomes Keep ment: the Sabbath I this leave like closing, to In would

that read prayer. rejoicing, blessing, Testament In of the Old and we day is suffi- (there notthought with you

sign a satisfacis lifegiving the Sabbath this was done, made keeping When this subto time developcient further

Israelites: kept. the well a and tion Sabbath Jehovah from between comes of ject), cooperation that the need we

face often Saints of today Latterday Saints; to he need Latterdaythe we the but in done; work be Six days may to obexpected question: "Are we say. careful has Lord The what we to the the of is rest, holy the sabbath seventh spirit in in the serve the Sabbath day hiss, that. nor said no "longer.. we should. Lord:

spurn, nor make game of the Jews."which the original commandment was

Some of them who have been investi- (May I inject, for I sense deeply to given, or have changing conditions modithat living so liberalized our and into to fied gating our have message come Yes, I appeal talking. I am our whom

activities which engage in some we may statesuch heardmeetings have and Meetthe day holy. Sabbath you to keep

ments as "a Jewish trick"and "we ings, meetings, meetings, but never lose in the past have been banned?"To

Jewed them down."If we are to win sight of the great commandment of God every Latterday Saint the answer is:

these people unto the restored Church to keep the Sabbath day holy.) Keep the Sabbath day holy. The comof Christ according to the promise of mand to observe the Lord's day was

the Lord, it will be because we show Wherefore the children of Israel shall first given as one of the Ten Commandforth kindness unto them and reach keep the sabbath, to observe the sabbath ments to the children of Israel from Mt.

out our hands to try to share with them throughout their generations, for a perSinai. Since that time it has been repetual covenant. dispensation. in iterated every gospel. of the glorious truthsthe

It is children the and a sign between me far is clear, as as that It but privilege to acpersonally be The Bible is my six the for in for ever: of Lord days Israel

its is to very end concerned, record converted quite with aquainted few seventh the earth, and heaven and on made

Jews of prominence, and I find in their day he rested, and was refreshed. (Ex. 31:15Sabbath observance continues to be the

hearts the same love of God, the same 17.) law of the Lord. The Book of Mormon

love of the truth, the same testimony of definitely makes the same commandthe divinity of the work, that you and This counsel still remains with us toment a part of the gospel teaching. The

I have, and I would like to have read day, and brings its many blessings to Doctrine and Covenants, the most modto you some of their testimonies, but us. Elder John A. Widtsoe has said: ern scripture, confirms this teaching,

time will not permit. I have burning "Keeping the Sabbath day builds a man and enjoins strict observance of the

in my soul a testimony that if we will physically, mentally, and spiritually. Sabbath day. At no time has there been

be kind to them, the Lord will richly Physically he may rest and have a any pronouncement, scriptural or otherreward us for every kindness we show change of occupation. Mentally, bewise, to change the commandment.

engaged and he is these, our brethren of the house cause unto in quorum other Therefore, regardless of what other studying. reading private meetings, of Israel. and

There is a question with some as to Spiritually, because the day is dedicated churches may sanction, Latterday Saints when the times of the gentiles shall be to the Lord. Spiritual communion, conare under the obligation to give strict

fulfilled. The gospel came first to the templation, these are two essentials of (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 929 and were declared before the foundation

Oscar A. Kirkham Contmuec of the world was laid. They are, in fact,

the only means by which we can have observance, to rest from their labors, tain. All felt to renew their diligence in that peace of mind here, and gain eternal

and to pay devotion to the Most High. serving the Lord, and with fresh hope in life hereafter. This is expressed in a

their hearts the they with soon meet would great revelation given to the Prophet preparation Advance could limit even Valley. spent in the the So was Smith: Joseph dutieshousehold to a minimum. plains. the On faithfulSabbath on

inSaturday the my grandmother's home at will For all blessing have a who myshoes polished were placed in rows. and this principle did shall the apabide behands So important law was which

Pies baked, were the weekly bath and for blessing, pointed that the conditions life and of part in a a family southern come of. care takenwas thereof, as instituted before the were from city that a although mother, good Utah

Pioneers observed the Sabbath day very ill, called her boys to her bedside foundation of the world. (Ibid., 132:5.)

as they crossed the plains. From Reand said: "Never put a harness on a

sisters, So, brothers simand need we I diary Winters'quote:becca This horse counthe Sabbath day."on

is to ply that expected remember which this family kept, has sel has been and us. of early a in will Saturday that August. camped Lord on The remember We of southern Utah's most one become

our had broken wagons, is and we of expected him. whichWe all families, enjoyed have wished prosperous andto shoes. our cooking mend and Washing

life. his are living the good not Now, commandments forto done, be always observed. Sunday was

All retired early for rest, waiting for that The spirit of rest, worship, and prayer grievous. They are not oppressive. We

lovely dawn, the hour when we sang praises should be fostered and made a part of sing in one of our hymns: "How gentle

to God. As we sat and waited in our church every Latterday Saint home. May we God's commands! How kind his preforestin the for of inspiration, the words cepts of are!"are laws not The God this of live enjoy and commandment

their shirts, clean hickory wore andmen to given us to to us burden nor handicap it to give especially our Lord, the andthe children clean starched and had women us. are not impositions! They They children, neighbors'children, and ourbonnets. a Firm Foundation"was "How are statutes the observed be must which done;"friends: be "Six days work maysung. offered. Prayer Testimonies was

if life is the of purpose existence and to it keep seventh, a the but on we may gospel borne. preached,were and was The

counsel and instruction given by our Capday holy to the Lord, I humbly pray. be realized. Even those who are called

to go through trial, sorrow, tribulation, and adversity are promised that, if they are faithful, the reward to them for such obedience may be even greater.

It is comforting to read the word of the "... Come the Blessings"LordFor inverilyregardI sayto untothat: you, blessed is he

that keepeth my commandments, whether in life or in death; and he that is faithful

by EIRay L. Christiansen in tribulation, the reward of the same is

greater in the kingdom of heaven.

ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE Ye cannot behold with your natural eyes, for the present time, the design of your God concerning those things which shall hereafter, and come the glory which lives sucof happiness, humility, which upon in deep before you stand shall follow tribulation. after much deare built. sisters, peace and They are with a cess, and and my brothers

I prayer in my heart that what I might signed to bless and benefit all mankind. For after much tribulation come the blesssay may be of some encouragement to The love of the Lord is universal, allings. Wherefore the day cometh that ye

all of us. I should like to base my reinclusive. He has said: shall be crowned with much glory; the hour

is not yet, but is nigh at hand. (Ibid., is found truth that divine amarks upon

as Remember the worth of souls is great 58:2-4.) It reads Proverbs. ofin the Book

the sight of God;follows: in

For, behold, the Lord your Redeemer If one is inclined to question the

For the commandment is a lamp; and suffered death in the flesh; wherefore he advocacy of observing the law, whether

the law is light; and reproofs of instrucsuffered the pain of all men, that all men it be the laws of man, the laws of nature,

tion are the way of life. (Prov. 6:23.) might repent and come unto him. (D & C or the laws of God, he should consider

18:1011.) these words of the Lord:

There are good people in every segment of life who have developed an that we might come home to him, as it And again, verily I say unto you, that erroneous philosophy that the laws of were. which is governed by law is also preserved

God, even the great Ten CommandAs a Church, we believe that through by law and perfected and sanctified by the ments, are intended only for certain the atonement of Christ all mankind same. (Ibid., 88:34.)

people; for those whom they describe as may be saved by obedience to the laws

being extremely religious, or for the and the ordinances of the gospel, and There is a reciprocal blessing from less fortunate; that while it is essential that because of his great love for man observing the law.

to observe the laws of the land, it matthe Lord has granted each of us an opters little or none if one observes the portunity to live in the flesh, and That which breaketh a law, and abideth laws of God. Some of these people feel through obedience to the laws of the not by law, but seeketh to become a law

itself, unto to willeth sin, and in abide inhibitions are find to gospel, the here, happinessthat laws of peace and God altogether sin, in and abideth cannot be that they to live inone's hereafter freedom, and and prepare a who are sanctified law, neither justice, by by mercy, are religiously automatically of inclined "state as neverendingnot happiness,"(Ibid., nor judgment. 88:35.)

exempt from the laws and commandthe Book of Mormon expressed it.

ments of the Lord; that if one minds But the Lord does his work according Observance of law brings harmony,

his own business and lives his own life, to eternal principles and eternal laws. peace, and order. Without observance

so to speak, he has sufficient religion for While he is a God of love, he is also of law there is found confusion, sororder. of deviate not does a God Hehis welfare, salvation and and that own it failure, row, remorse, whether the be established the principles laws. from and everlastingjoy will be forthsomehow of laws the laws whether of God, man or are they the yesterday, and same Hecoming. it nations, or it be indibe whether forever. today, and laws and conThe

Surely these are shortsighted views. ditions prescribed for the welfare of viduals. There are those who ask, (they

Actually, the laws and commandments mankind cannot be changed nor cirhave asked me and really that is the of the Lord are the foundation principles cumvented, because they are divine, reason I am speaking along this line), 930 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "If the Lord loves us why does he then And moreover, I would desire that ye member that these things are true; for the

give so many commandments, many should consider on the blessed and happy Lord hath spoken it. (Mosiah 2:41.)

state that restrictive of those keep their in nature?"of them the commandments

also grateful for these be May we of behold, For are God. they blessed loves is because answer he The us. He in laws, for use for and them the purpose all things, both wishes spiritual; temporal sorrow, to save us from remorse, and

are they designed, sanctify which to failure, losing blessings. and from our faithful they out hold to and if the end perfect lives, and that our too we may I attending a conference While was are into they received that heaven, thereby dwell in with state a neverending him

I in so ago, California not long was they in dwell with a state of may God I happiness, of pray in the of name of told of living there, our one members neverending happiness. reChrist. Jesus Amen. O remember,

it is assist business to whose those who are in difficulty, that he had been given permission to interview a fine young man who was in serious trouble with the law. this asked The interviewer

question: giving "Would you mind me What the Gospel

the dominant reason for your being here in this condition?"This young

man, after a moment's thought, replied:

because "I am here no one loved me Does for People! to correct enough me."

Now, the Lord loves us enough to say "Thou shalt not."The gospel of by Adam S. Bennion

Jesus Christ is the perfect law of liberty, according to the Apostle James. God is OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

its author. He sets forth the conditions.

is its is fountainhead. gospelHe The beloved and McKay, doing excellent my work. say Let to me President great of a system laws are sisters, laws—which are brethren fathers there and parents you of assurance, by the way

eternal principles by our Father which sitting this in audience, mothers and mission presidents their treat wives and in to designs save his heaven mankind, I feel in listening at their sure and these if young as and they men women sons his daughters, only and not and I radios, sons daughters have whose and their were children. could own They

to save also to them, but with last in the seen fellowshiped with and not be thoughtful more careand more all that the Fatherthem I I five trust that enjoy months. has—associashare ful. I just I regret may that cannot pay tions love, with those powers, honor, we blessing of in to the our Father heaven tribute the so they them richly deserve.

glory, exaltations. dominions, and even little in the bring measure some you their They, staffs, wives, their all congives while But us he commandments, spirit those grand under which young nected with the missions, are working

also gives liberty the us freedom,he the are working. people can be proud You wonderfully. little I give this eviyou

if reject to so choose. he them As we I of so never them. proud been have dence:

to in spoke garden, the and Eve Adam of of as the people the young Church the of By end the European misJune told of could theyhe eat every them last five I in these months. have sions as in had done the of matter much tree of the garden. free they This were April Since traveled 31,000 have we conversions, eighty percent as as much, do. to However, he gave commandmiles. addressed people have 32,000 all they did in of We 1955; three missions that eat they of not should thement

sat in discussed with, have and and and of the by end already equaled had June of the ofTree Knowledge and Good little missionaries, a note taken 1,056 on or surpassed totals the in reached the Evil, or of penalty the death would all of in testimony, have heard we I whom preceding year. give you, because you it if follow. of eat could they They

all like of to to send and would whom particular a have interest, may thewished, they but that must remember the love they developed you have new of the names missions: three Swissthe it. liberty forbade athe were They

left since they never home. is Home evident that the temple Austrian—itto break the Their commandment.

so are as seems sweet is you away when its registering great influence; the liberty if restricted, not they but was

it, it. they from and know has doubled now Norwegian—which eat of tree,did the they to have would

pay the penalty. I give you my witness that they have last year's record; and the Finnish

As it was with our first parents, so it realized the promise that the Lord gave and I wish I could bring you the full of beauties Finland; his of earlier missionaries generaan I seemed somehow is us. with divine right We have the think for tion. going it was blessing the to be the end of was to The occasion also responsibility the individual toand

determine whether we will accept or in the case of James Covill, who was to the earth, but they are wonderful peowhether we will reject the laws and go upon a mission, and who had this ple. I think patriotism has never been

principles and commandments of God. wonderful promise given by way of more strongly asserted than in that land

But my, how grateful we ought to be revelation through the Prophet Joseph: of freedom which prays never to be

that these laws are given us to direct subject to Russia on the east and never shalt of fulness the preach gosThou to my be conquered west. the by Sweden onus, that lose in not our we may way I pel, in last forth have sent these which I liberty, love You could wish who youdarkness misunderstanding, and and the days, sent forth covenant I have which listened have they sang while Finlandia the philosophieswith vain of the world. to recover of are people, the which my inspiration the under of of the leader to for thankful be ought we How Israel. of house

the I in orchestra symphony Finland. truths these: assuch

Men are, that they might have joy. (2 Now, notice this promise: referful thingsto it onlywe foundas typicalin Europe.of the wonder-

2:25.)Nephi

it shall to pass that shall power come And to confess the urge to give I have a I, the Lord, ye bound do what when am rest thee; faith, shalt great thou have upon is it. travelog great, very but I won't doI say; I but say, ye not do when what ye thee before be and with go and thy I have over been asked again over and promise. nohave 82:10.) (D & C face. 39:1112.) C I(D&will

is all the which of wonderful most is There irrevocably law, a in decreed heaven before the foundations of this Over and over again those boys in the countries, and I say, "All of them."

world, upon which all blessings are prediEuropean missions have said, "We never Every country has its own charm. To

cated call on a house alone,"and then they me they are all wonderful. They are

And when we obtain any blessing from add, "and we are not talking about our lovely. It just seemed to me as if we

God, it is by obedience to that law upon companions."were driving through a perpetual park,

which it [that blessing] is predicated. (Ibid., the people and are correspondingly wonThis has been the most tremendous

130:2021.) derful. their hearts They opened to us of experience our lives. things So many And, finally, this most beautiful could be said. I have to be impersonal.—kindliness and consideration at every

statement of King Benjamin in his adThere are ten wonderful mission presiturn.

dress: dents laboring in the field, all of them (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 931 mark: "You will understand, Brother

Adam S. Bennion continued Bennion, that when I joined the Church

I had to give up my family. I get along

I have said this a number of times. time out to come to a testimony meetfine except on mail day. When the

are missionaries letters the come, and they to the honor ing, Church do and to if hundred take twoI could think you is to get thrilled from so a word lives. in their beautifully so represent visited city that of each we outpeople

a home,'getit never you hard awfully when faraway in some Glasflying put from down tour them I closed the byand letter home."from hear not could dedicate a to you Heidelberg to back them gowcorner—if I sit it before down. to say going I am not know sure to you would reason wanted they chapel, the and amspeak—I they English, in but phrase a have We children God's to still in them. it return us waswhere while one of dedicate

in Scandinavian. better one a have We live, and they wherever children his thanksare say that might Europe was we

disturbed, get emotionally say, we when after this Church, to released belong they to were those to be boyswhen who

I throats, and in our get a lump we minutes ten with them been have in service October and the Novemyou from

I of think right cannot now. one have if as at as feel quite home over much boys that ber. thoseyou know you Do

I girl, see her that and know cannot land. in your of were out country, own service our there the inyou

is in for years the doing two she what chapel a their which earnings, of toward in indulge to I not want do While all consideration parental of absence enjoy, conto never remain they would the I give will travelog, you hope mea I get a interest. do or lump Well, even

it dedithat be tributed might $5,000 our about things three of sayingliberty I like the Scandithroat, in but my It dedicated, and has been cated? may the I mentioned haveimpressions. say better. they phrase They navian forces of I the the chaplain armed quote is country. It lovely of Europe.beauty i I love halsen. that word get a clump at in States Europe, of the who United

I to I going told was them "clump"I to say about thing want second The just "I said: dedicatory that program

it bring home. such is are making they thatEurope all of us could that wish, Bennion, Mr.

sit I a with could boy down you wish cities once that recovery. heroic Thean boys."of ideals live your the Mormon

letter last the he take out have him and there know andwere bombed to these I of that, appreciation out say blasted—I have him and got Dad, and from home buildings stark empty and few a are colors our fine bear young who men thrills say, that thing the know, "You horizon the scarecrows like onstanding distinction. with honor

I is that mission about most my me city after city is now of civilization—but I just a theme have Now little andbriefly—if to with a do having think a I am a modernity, in newness, built abeing it that of pick one out would folks."today—I they converting Then own of my sacrifice the bespeaks thatrichness President line our beloved quoted by their father tell been that will had you people.those

. ".. life his loseth that this he morning, but or unconcerned, disinterested now

of gets out of the thrill he he writes

I missionary. you wishEurope—IThe thirdhadthingfun I inwantthe toBritish.say aboutIsles forIf theremy sakeis oneshallgroupfind ofit."devoted(Matt. folk10:39.)in being a stake

the if there's anything this I said because Church—of light as they boys'faces see the up could

to you have are all Americans us matter with and women that the "It's to coursedevoted—it'syou fine thesemen say, wonderful know

of part taken or two have boys two take who the responsibility,—because both of us."is converting and mission

It is a wonlives to proof their grandchildren. years a half out yourwe are anything think I remember I do not

grandyour gospel. of truths to the where the claim walk thing They derful I of story one the vividly than do more

I the it; it; eat had think and breathe walked, they they father and once testihis in completely broke boy who courtesy it; to the in thanks privilege, night drink they gracious and day work I not did said, know, "You mony. He to people, be this great interest of wonderful the Church. of these same at and going on home, was what know

it privifrom five and has been have people For been months where my my said I leave, to ready got when Mom

I I on to Wales close came, lege think they to lands them. be my which suitcase. fine get a to going me she was

feeling, of side, their Scotland the pulse on caught father's my mothand the over looked and and So down we went bePresident er's. I to impressed I have turn been with McKay all the time I I that piece the picked luggage.

in Scotland this does gospel all were the thought: for time the we cause "What it I she picked out and wanted, when

of it is the people!"tremendous. name with him You honored they To me pulled her pocketbook and into went

I the bring you. love against passage, argue a but they can you and McKay, of stamps a half S six books out and & H to is life. all people against met a the of argue we cannot an greetings There the saving through that she been had

is it folk against theory, there but a argument grand my among these whom son her would for years the day when kindliness labor. against to argument is no and privilege as he mission."then a And go on

You know, I could not escape the goodness. broke completely, he said, "The thing

thought all the time I was in Wales Now for a brief moment, I wish I that troubles me today is that I don't and Scotland of what my grandfolks could take you with me to those testi-'believe I said thanks."But he said

thought when they crossed the plains. mony meetings. What the gospel does thanks in our meeting. That boy will

I am sure they must have cast one lingerfor these missionaries! Young men just never be the same again, and I just

ing look behind to the green they left out of their teens, taking on the rehope that some of his gratitude rubs in both lands. As a matter of fact, I sponsibility of manhood, are the repreoff through what I say so briefly today

became aware of another great truth sentatives of our great institution upon the heart of that good woman.

in my life. If they had not listened to throughout the world. They are carryWell, it's a wonderful thing to sit

some wonderful missionary, and some ing on with all the glory that attaches in with a thousand boys and let them missionary had not been good enough to to mankind at its best. Over and over bare their souls, open their hearts, and

go to them, I might never have been again brethren have said two things in tell you just how they feel, and give born in the Church. As a matter of their meetings: "We suppose we always the evidence that they are born anew,

fact, as I stood in Hawarden, Wales, it had a testimony of the gospel, but we that the great, new, glorious gospel is just dawned upon me that maybe if somehow took it for granted. We did in their souls. You can be proud of

they had not so listened, I would not not know just why we believed, or how them. They are willing; they are happy;

even have been. That is a sobering much it meant. We looked upon the they are working hard.

thought for one who loves life. gospel much as we did upon our parIf I had the time, I would love to tell

heritage are part of the born their street in we are doing you what they ents—a note. other one to add I want it. My to, just of necessarily part but Not an developed have meetings. They

the servtalk to to first experience was longer!"any unbelievable. that is almost ingenuity

icemen—our servicemen—at BerchtesDo you want to catch the spirit of Not only are they doing a work of which

gaden, under the Eagle's Nest of Hitler, them? We have both our own young you can be proud, but I assure you they

his great hideout. If you have boys who men and women and those who have love you!

are in the service—I have been stirred been called from Europe. Look in just I want you to visit just for a few min-

a lot of times, but I think I was never for a minute as a young German girl utes with me with the Saints over there.

stirred more than as I joined with 740 stands up to bear her testimony and How I wish you could see what the gosboys of the armed services who took prefaces what she says with the repel does for them. They are wonder932 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ful. As we held our meetings, I dederful thing: "When I was a little girl, eightyfourth section that those of us

veloped the practice of calling a few my mother used to tell me I must not who give our hearts to this work have people up from the audience to come be naughty because if I was naughty the the promise of Almighty God that we and stand by me. I think maybe it was Mormons would get me. Now I am shall be sanctified of the Spirit unto

a defense mechanism. I could not speak past middle age. I am blind. I am not the renewing of our bodies. I have felt

their language, and I felt a little more naughty, but I want to tell you and this the spirit of this gospel as I never have comfortable if I had three or four of audience the Mormons have got me, before, and I give you my witness as I them around me. and I am going to be baptized this next close that I know that God lives, that

Through the interpreter I asked a week."Jesus Christ is the Savior of the world,

man who had been in the Church fiftyWell, it has been wonderful. I have and that they both came back to declare

eight years what the gospel meant to hinted all too briefly what the gospel through the prophet Joseph this wonhim, and he said, "Sir, it's my life. It's is doing for the missionaries. I have derful new message for our benediction.

everything I cherish."tried to indicate what it is doing for the I must not sit down without express-

I asked a young woman who had been Saints, and you can just make up your ing gratitude that Sister Bennion, the married twentyfive years, but still mind they are wonderful. They are decompanion of my life through fortyfive

looked wonderfully young, "How can voted. There is not anything they wonderful years, could go along. Her

you look so young?"and she said, "It's would not do for this Church. companionship blessed me, her faith not

the gospel that does it—it's the peace I want to close with my own witness only sustained me, but with God's help

and the happiness we have in our to you of what this gospel does for me. healed me. In our home we shall never

home."I have watched it in the lives of those be the same again.

A young man of ten years'memberpeople in Europe, and if I had a little Now, don't anybody think that I am ship said, "I bless the day when a summary to make, I would say these so in love with Europe that I want to go lovely young woman told me she would things: back to stay. These lines never meant

I until joined the marrynot me bless "I her The gospel humbles a man; it mellows so much to me: added,Church,"and he

motivates him; him; it it gladdens him; it's again again, it So,for a and home new life."home

exalts sustains him; and it him; it redeems for me. of five years'I America asked young a man him. that's westward ship bound a I want to gospel the meant whatmembership

sea, rolling the plow To I Bennion, said, "Brother hehim, and five for go cannot with months You of blessed enough land room the To if I tell it all you I saythink I can am i center heart halsen your and a clump bars, the ocean Beyond

I until lived five old. years neveronly

is full get of of the air sunlight the Lord, the the and work on Where

I gospel."this to got know stars. is of full flag the I the And time evidences have not do which

three months'lad of only a memAnd stirred in being give to you, without Dyke Van ever could have said,bership "Nobody I blessed soul. been have your in my

for could do anythingtold that me hearts we ungrateful ministry, if From the bottom of our be and I would me what this gospel has already done."I did not say so. I have seen the power thank you Brethren for the most glorious

I wish you could have sat in Berlin of the priesthood manifested in behalf experience of our lives. What the gospel

gathered 840 peoplethe had Sunday we the for the done blessing of people and a needed who missionaries—for thrilled,together. have would You will you, for I I do for say it humbly, know and too, wanted us—it hasSaints—and sector the the Saints West fromwhen Christ. testify the too, I in I of Jesus in lives. blessed name that been have Godit,

of East, the came tosaid the people who of life, the promise Amen. the under own my hiding been yonder, out have "Youfrom

in basements long enough. You go upyou can brethren,stairs where the with Saturday Morning, October 6, 1956 this morningsee them, and hear and

we will go downstairs."

Then, before the meeting was over, the

Saints from the East had the graciousness to say, "Brother Bennion, we do 1 The Origin of Man not feel good about this. Are you too

tired to meet with the people who went into the basement if they would come by George Q. Morris

back tonight?"

In the morning session I asked how OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE many of those people had lost loved ones, and half the hands went up. Did dear brethren and sisters, I am could not accept these teachings. Of

you ever talk to an audience when half entirely dependent upon the Spirit course I could only tell him that he the hands went up to tell you that part of the Lord to direct me, and pray would have to hold to the truth noof the family isn't along? You make Mythat the same sweet spirit that has prematter what the situation was. That is

inquiry of them and discover from fine vailed will continue with us to lead me an obligation that we do have as a young people that they do not know to say that which I should say. I am people. Who else has the revelations

where their parents are, then have them very thankful to the Lord that this his of God? What other church in the

come up and shake your hand and tell Church is built on the rock of revelation, world is based upon these revelations?

you, "It's the gospel that took us so that we are not turned about in all Having them, we must be true to them.

through."That's what this gospel can directions by all kinds of opinions and As the Lord built his Church upon

do for people! doctrines. But as this is our blessing, the rock of revelation so that it would

I must take you into one program in we have also an obligation to know the endure, I think we ourselves as indiEngland that stirred me no end. I truth, and live the truth, and speak the viduals must stand on this same rock

saw a woman sitting down in the auditruth. What a supreme blessing is truth of revelation in our conduct, our thinkence, and being impressed that she had in this distraught world. ing, and our lives, that we can endure;

something to say, I asked her if she At a meeting I recently attended where otherwise we will fall.

would say a word. She said, "I would reference was made to a revelation con- I hope this young man can hold to

love to say a word, if you will let me cerning the origin and nature of man that principle, and I am concerned for say it from down here. You may not and the creation of the world, a young all of our young people as they go into

know it, Brother Bennion, but I am man came to me—a fine young faithful the field of higher education and meet

all the ideas that are so prevalent, whichblind, and except for the kindness of Latterday Saint—and said he was so

two Mormon missionaries I would have discouraged and depressed by the teachare in sharp conflict with the revelations nothing to do. They wrote home and ings he was receiving in college that of God that we know to be true. I

got a Book of Mormon in Braille which he worried about it, and about how he suppose he had been taught something

I am reading."Then she said this woncould pass his examinations because he (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 933 that a man, who is a son of God, should

George Q. Morris Continued deny God and insist that he came from

a low form of life up through the shapes of of the to animals God. image lower

is it is spirit All matter. matter, but more of origin to according theabout man is! preposterous conthat our But How fine pure, discerned or only be can by and I preof evolution. theory organicthe is principle the that the cept based on eyes. purer 131:7.) (D & C I told been have what might hesume first laid verse Apostle Paul down. The

writin reading man's someremember in says Bible earth the that the was as then, Christ Jesus a Lord The forings, to look that have would we first chapter, created the by God, and spirit, this spiritual of pure a had body life in origin in theour minute some in his image. that created own man God material. himself revealed he When in or perhaps, amoebalikeocean, some it is scriptures prothe All through said, of to brother the Jared, he

life. of simplest formorganism—the is of that son a claimed God. man

said, beginning. man'sThat, he was this behold, Behold, body, ye which now truth, believe the not do men When

I spirit; that. is better of than the But have and body know The we man my is left for to believe? Nothwhat them

spirit; after of created the and body in the says beginning were myLord we error! fallacy delusion ing and but and

I as to in the thee unto be appear even him.with said: So Paul I spirit will people in the unto appear my

3:16.) (Ether the flesh. also in beginning with the were Ye

. received of truth, love the not they

is Spirit Spirit, that theFather; even which saved... they be might all in that and were men women truth;of We shall this for send cause them God And are as heaven, also in the with God. beginning and was we men women Man believe that delusion, should strong they a

light ofIntelligence, truth, or the not was here. not shadows. hazy were Wejust lie."(II 2:1011.) Thess.

created or made, neither indeed can be. Though spirits, we had form; we had

(D & C 93:23, 29.) substance. The Lord said he had creWhen our children are told about the

spirit of his after ated the image man "preshistoric link"or "missing the man"all that doubt beyond know we We in the body, form which was same of light the In the say? can what we eternities inexisted the and with God earth. to appear he which on was of are to revealed God, word what we existedthat in the heavens with him we Christ Jesus Lord conclude? The whoas his sons daughters.. and.. is spiritual in that being the which has, created earth the the from and man

is of likeness that temporal; which and

all originated creation, that declared we called father our he upon And Adam that of in the likeness is temporal which by his own voice, saying: I am God: I that which is spiritual; the spirit of man in in heaven. His teachings are that we

made the world, and men before they were the likeness of his person, as also the spirit were perfectly organized beings with in the flesh. (Moses 6:51.) of the beast, and every other creature which spiritual bodies similar in form to our

God has created. (D & C 77:2.) mortal bodies, but of finer material;

Now, no matter what men may think, that we were sons and daughters of no matter what their theories may be, The prophets said the Savior would God and came to the earth in these we need not be disturbed in the least come and take upon himself a taberspirit bodies patterned after the spirit because we know the truth; I hope our nacle of flesh, and so he came in his body of the Lord Jesus Christ; that we

children can be assured by their parents spirit body and took from the earth the each took from the earth a body of that they need not be disturbed because elements needed to obtain a tabernacle flesh and blood to tabernacle our spirit these revelations are true. Man did not of flesh and blood. We know how he body, as did he; that we were men and

come from the bottom of the ocean, but did that. We have done the same thing; women with spirit (material) bodies,

from heaven, and God is his Father. and we came here in the same form in the same form as these we now have,

The Savior said that so beautifully to as did he. As his spiritual body clothed long before this earth was ever formed;

Mary: itself in a tabernacle of flesh and blood, that in the eternities past men like us

so has ours. with bodies of flesh and blood have

to go brethren, say unto and... my like ours, lived in worlds of which many to Pilate before be judged, stood he As

Ithem, ascend unto and my Father, others that away, passed have have and your Pilate said, the "Behold man."When toFather; and your God. God, and my like for inhabit us to created men the the the been waves, calmed he wind and 20:17.)(John

is of said, people manner "What man

I crehave worlds without number And this, sea that the the and obey wind to to the Son came world redeem The.. ated, a are he So was man, him?"men. as weit, reveal Father, to our unto us and to shall pass earth as and away,. one And

of his also perDeity, because was He hisgive also truth to the world; demonthereof, shall so the another heavens even

strating his origin and his coming into fection, and because his Father had by come....

the world to be the same as ours. He divine investiture raised him to that For behold, this is my work and my

said, position. While he was in the earth, glory—to bring to pass the immortality

he was still he who had created the and eternal life of man. (Moses 1:33, 38,

I came forth from the Father, and am earth, as he was also when he submitted 39.)

come into the world: again, I leave the to apostate priests and a pagan Roman

world, and go to the Father. (Ibid., 16:28.) governor to be judged and to be cruciThis being true, man did not originate

fied. here in spirit or body. Man in a body

is all. of true us This of lived flesh the blood through has and of creatures are So what we? manner spirit perfect, In the he world eternities. for foolish was to look the How offFather Father. His our was The Firstborn of Father.the the Father origin this of in Our the world body human is like spring parent. the cannot You toelevated the beGodhead. at him late that this time. theory He The man of that law. In change the book Moses,

to the given Son his power and wascame into present through a came it of Father, says: speaking the

earth.create declared the is As and process of evolutions man mere formuntrue—a

". of in the.. the Book he Mormon, was delusion. the so case being This and in of of the language Adam,... Man

of Israel, the all and of divine declaredGod Creator by the God of the whole Holiness the his of is his name, and name earth it 11:14.) "(3 Nephi these worlds, our of must is the Only Begotten even own included, Son Man,

What was his bodily condition before Jesus Christ, a righteous Judge, who shall follow that there never was a "missing his birth into the world, while he was come in the meridian of time. (Moses 6:57.) link"on the earth. There never was

the Son in the Godhead, and Jehovah a "prehistoric man,"in the sense that truths these are the concerning Now part part he something and was man ofto the the the Jews, and whole God realize Let us are who we else. creature in ever existed such spirit No in a dwelling a ourselves.world? was He

are and should what and we we how it this exists or other world. or any He in of spiritual the refined matter body

live. these teachmeet And we when of in the only refuse minds who men bodies. as earthly our form Thesame

ings to that opposed God's come word of the truth their a theory have and told that us hasProphet Smith Joseph all spirit is matter. He said: to us and our children, let us know what own that is utterly false—contrary to the

they are. They are nothing but the revealed word of God. Such an idea

There is no such thing as immaterial opinions of men. Think how fantastic could come only after rejecting God's

934 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA word. That creature which men visualthings; yea, in the beginning I created the with the vow and promise that it would

ize in their minds because of their false heaven, and the earth upon which thou never be broken, so that the great privitheory, they draw in pictures and they standest. (Ibid., 2:1.) leges of exaltation which are promised

in say that clay model and such a thing eternity. us realized could be throughout

live to us consistent help with God existed earth. once is the upon It There that thing unfortunate an many

I truth. this great bear humble my exist never did in creature a such the of these are hastily marriages conis is this this true; witness that that the earth, or of earth. the sent out tracted not God sealed the and powers by

living of restored to the Church God as perfect his a offspring being, of man priesthood. the Consequently, many earth, revelation, based that upon and in his image, (spiritual) material a with of disaster. result break in them and up

is revelation operative will and now in the as body are form same now, we to find are going out how we Now so; that continue a Smith Joseph was to earth, to the born be a on obtain the that things to should do make we

of prophet assothe Living God, who flesh tabernacle earth have and this an a like marriage perpetual? We ciated beings with heavenly and God existence. all are preearth men, to of return to gospel have the Jesus ofWe

taught and during was by them many "prehistoric but not a one its man."Christ The into teachings pracput and

I years; witness bear that and the keys earth did originate not tice. man. effort "The perfect a Could make we

of for Priesthood, the the Holy power of the Son atMan"—"the of that, course, eventually would we Man"—created of the salvation family, the human it. is all earth that in and attain of to that for the powers God,

abides in the President of this Church the promise which he has given us. is

today, that this and bypass no can to man pass that the And spake Lord it came here purpose today in coming Our find salvation. saying: unto Moses, and Behold, I reveal unto Church man No

is to learn something about it how, and this concerning you this earth; heaven, and can bypass receive Joseph and Smith

perhaps better, we can do those great I write speak. the words the salvation. which I servants. his I am God honors

things. Beginning the End, Almighty and the witness in God; bear this humble the name

by mine Only Begotten I created these of Jesus Christ. Amen. I would like to read to you a scripture

found in the Doctrine and Covenants which I think expresses the purpose of the gospel:

Therefore, sanctify yourselves that your minds become single to God, and the days Sanctify Yourselves will come that you shall see him; for he

will unveil his face unto you, and it shall by Antoine R. Ivins beandinaccordinghis own time,to his andownin will.his own(D way,& C

88:68.) OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Then, in another section we read:

"y it is sisters, little to try better brethren here gain beloved and and a shall For you that every live by word

I idle express that of the not gospel understanding hope plan an and proceedeth forth the from of God. mouth

it, I for faith join to ask a greater a greater enthusiasm your you when {Ibid., 84:44.)M'

It is its carry to prayers into determination only mine. teachings with theand

way, I believe, that I can say a word our daily lives. The recorded revelations that we

to you today that may be helpful and We have been told that we are the have—the modern ones—we find in the

inspire an effort to approach more nearchildren of God, our Heavenly Father, the Doctrine and Covenants and the ly the life that our Heavenly Father that we had a conscious spiritual existPearl of Great Price, but there are many would like us to live. ence before we came here. The gospel revealed expressions of the doctrine and

Before I talk about what I had in plan is one which God and his Son will of God, our Heavenly Father, in mind, I would like to say to the singers Jesus Christ developed, which if properthe Bible, so we have the three sources.

today that I appreciate very much the ly followed by the spirits who come into John says in his writings, music which they have rendered, and the earth, would lead them back not

I have great interest in their group for only to the presence of God but also to Search the scriptures; for in them ye

two reasons: One is that my grandfather an exaltation in his presence, all of think ye have eternal life: and they are

was chosen by the President of the which has been explained to us today. they which testify of me. (John 5:39.)

gospel includes the gospel to carry things that to ScandiChurch The many is do. of itsnavia; in that I discovered another exIt is my firm conviction that when we phases we should Some

reading the genealogical history of one pression are in the form of "thou shalt come to understand really the scriptures, discover that single every purposeline of heritage, or that. not"are carried in we that do this Others it was my

therein testify is to that Christ Jesus to into the positive shalt"the formback of "thou do Norsemen came who

England such a long, long time ago. this and that. Of course, it is our purwas to come, is the Son of God, and

Now I admit that this student in pose to learn what they are and properly was to work out a redemption for us.

carrying it back had to use tenleague interpret them and integrate them into He prepared the plan that we should boots over some of the stretches, but I our daily living. follow. It is our purpose to learn it

hope it is true nevertheless. The first great commandment that and then to try to live by every word

I had thought that I would begin was given to Adam and Eve in the that has proceeded from the mouth of today by bearing my testimony to the Garden of Eden, according to recorded God.

restoration of the priesthood, the orhistory, the revealed words which we You will remember the first scripture ganization of the Church, and to a rehave, was to multiply and replenish the says, turn of a true interpretation of the earth. In my recent visits to the stakes

gospel of Jesus Christ. over the last two or three years, I have Therefore sanctify yourselves....

tried to of President a keep record percentages the that Richards has done of theso beautifully as people that all I will married were that ask is who memtimeI metwhoa saidmemberthat ofsalvationthe Churchdoes onenot of bers his in the Church, testimony marriedyou were let me incorporate who depend all, at upon men's acts and he I inmine, the temple. I believe discovered that because about from the bottom

".. quoted scripture, the grace are. byof of percent heart that the marriages said is fiftyfive he has were what my

... saved. yetrue. celebrated in the Fortyfive temple.

Many of us who are here today are percent of them were of people who had "Not of works, lest any man should bearers of the priesthood. We are all, not the inclination to go to the temple boast."(Eph. 2:8-9.) This does not

or nearly all of us, members of the for that purpose. seem quite like that, does it? We are

Church in which that priesthood func- I feel in my heart that it was the saved from death and given the privitions for the development and wellintent of God that when marriage lege of a resurrection and through the being of people. I presume we are all should be celebrated, it should be done (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 935 priesthood of God, we would be able

Antoine R. Ivins Continued to sanctify our souls, would we not?

To sanctify means to make holy, and grace and gift of God we have the but there is still another side that I only holy things can come back to the privilege of sanctifying ourselves, thus try never to forget, and that is that to presence of God, our Heavenly Father.

earning an exaltation. sanctify one's soul one should gain conSo, sooner or later, if we enjoy the

So that is our problem, brethren and trol over the Godgiven urges and proprivilege of association under the influsisters. Let us read the scriptures; let pensities of one's body, and there are ence of Jesus Christ and the Father, it

us discover in them the way of life so many of us who fail in that. That will be because we sanctify ourselves,

that will lead us back to the kingdom is so often the cause of disruption in that our minds may be single to God.

of God. Let us put forth every effort marriage relationships; people fail to If we had that single purpose, to please

and sanctify and purify our lives. And, live true to the covenants which they God, we would strive to learn how, and

brethren and sisters, let us be more make in marriage simply because the then to do just exactly what would be interested in the effect upon ourselves urges of the body are too strong for required.

than that which we think we observe them, and they do not, apparently, seek For you shall live "by every word sometimes in our neighbors. the spirit of God in an effort to gain that proceedeth out of the mouth of

There are many of the provisions control. God."(Matt. 4:4.) That is the key,

sisters. us learn brethren Let and whatI say, said shalt not""thou have which

I reso said times, I have and many it, it is; let learn not us and when we this that, of are usdo and and many it, I selfcontrol, perfect believe that peat try to in find the loopholes recorded to our judge neighbors,prone thinking

greatest selfcontrol, victhe be would justify failure, will statements that our of things theonly that they should this tory that into person any born let through us but prayer determine and do;not they think do which but we selfperfect gain; earth could with and humility to proper reach a understandisthere positive side to this a which control of the plan knowledge a and it of live as ing the nearplan then and itfar that, to as outweighs seems me,

for us, prepared which which God we ly perfectly as can. wefar as are individually concerned. we

We should be not interested in the can only find by searching the scripMay God bless us, I pray in Jesus'failures of our neighbors but in their tures and listening to the authorized name. Amen.

successes and in our own successes in coming nearer to God our Heavenly

Father.

The first great principle is love. Weare to love God our Heavenly Father. The Blessings of

Then the next principle to it is we should love our neighbor as ourselves.

If we could just do that, we would glory in the successes of our neighbors; andwhile we would feel bad if they made Temple Marriage

mistakes, we would not judge them, entirely, the mistakes on they made, but by John Longden the efforts balancewould against them towards righteousness that they demonASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE strate. Then if their righteous conduct

side, should the other outweigh we President of opening the the remarks temple President performed by be happy, not?would would That we people were yesterday O. David morning, young The who McKay. McKay In is like the to people would way we Latteroffered a prayer that being he good from married came might we

is of us. think the That would way we participated inspired they his encouraged. Saint Truly be day and where homes of think extend them. would We prayer. individual for in family prayer has answered, been and have To we to does notmercy them. That mean

all it that inspired. outsider, was testimonies seem been have an would Our

it clothing feeding and them; them

I the well. received strengthened. ceremony Yet, following been have We to their adjust helping themmeans

as she bride live say of to the the the overheard encouragement young words lives will to of the our God, Heavenly

I did ever Lord. her mother embraced "Why to Father, give succor. aid and and This also other of way?"President think marrying any quoted from McKay is Spiritual aid succor imand more question that there to a said indicated should the was he Master wherein we me portant times. at aid temporal than We daily, time. cross at ourselves, in take her our one deny up mind of both, course, extend should but most

that be able follow him, and might we if of certainly, do love our Church neighbor, our members we Too many we life in this existence to enjoy mortal of principles temple are going to to the spiritual our not extend understand him its its trials obstacles. of or regardless of wiles spirit to the in aid of the comfort and mercy. marriage and succumb

this afforded limited the In time me civil satisfied a said with that in being to Satan should he God Adam

I like suggest to one should morning, still, soil not cultivate live do they or the marriage; worse the sweat and by

of principle the important gospel—that to is still his are reof not worthy virtue cherish that the and brow and

folIf of marriage. temple would we to brings sponsibility of us. of every temple. This into the one me go How Master, understand the must low we feel story: that second can completely have we we my of this principle take advantage and

if diliwill of the are done not God we told Saint mother Latterday lovely it offers. blessings A the in for for gent providing ourselves and the taught been of son her had I who to me people encourage young would Is are us? those dependent upon who his respect to gospel, of principles the in for glorious this experience prepare

life in of the a ever there time a man, it to be clean. was keep body and He living clean, of the temples the Lord by

is so, to able should he do when who in temple. the the married on morrow lives, praying, studying and by good for provide Diligence, himself? not his the before ceremony evening to The keep that power have Satan no may is this of great then, another phase he party and friends a when gave him as are of temple. the out Just we them practical, us, a that gave program God his into tiptoed arrived he folk home getting to dedicated our young

for living, everyday everyday program the as been had mother's is bedroom dedicated so temple, Satan into the effect carried properly into which when hour. of the regardless Awakencustom, out. keeping to them

its just as spiritual definitely reaction has sitting her upon his ing and mother I like experirelate to three should else, as the anything and who man I con- a said, have "Mother, bed, he I trust stimulate will your ences which is to his his obligations fellows meets likewise sanctifying his soul. thinking and motivate some to action. fession to make to you tonight."For

The positive side of this has so many We never know when Satan is at a moment her heart sank. "I am just

different headings that it is impossible work. It was my privilege a few years as clean tonight as the day you gave me

for me to try to deal with all of them, ago to witness a marriage ceremony in birth."My, what a dividend to a par936 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ent. My child is worthy of temple earth. He even forwarded the money for ate, and pray, study, and let the truth

marriage! their transportation back to Salt Lake and light of the gospel come through.

The third story is a review of an City. Their response was favorable. In conclusion, the words of Robert

experience from the life of Brother The gospel teachings from early youth, Burns come to me: "An atheist's laughs

Matthew Cowley and his dear wife almost put aside for a time, finally regisare a poor exchange for Deity offended."

Elva. I trust she will forgive me. Mattered upon the minds of these young There may be those who would scoff at

thew and she were working in Washingpeople. They obeyed, and have always temple marriage. Never offend our

ton, D.G. They decided to be married rejoiced that they followed the counsel Eternal Father and Jesus Christ by not

there by civil law and then later on to of their parents. It is not good to subaccepting one of their greatest and most

come out to the temple and be sealed stitute a civil ceremony even for a time important blessings.

for time and eternity. Their invitawhen it is at all possible to accept the May God bless us as parents to teach

tions were printed and were about to blessings of a temple marriage. more earnestly this vital truth of temple

be mailed when a letter came from Young people, this is my testimony in marriage and may our children respond

Matthew's father pleading that they forall humility and sincerity to you this to these teachings, I humbly pray in sake such a plan and be married by that day: regardless of the promptings you the name of the Lord Jesus Christ, our

authority which God has restored to may have to the contrary, stop, deliberSavior. Amen.

The Expanded Indian Program

by Spencer TV. Kimball

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

freezing are and starving."You like Navajos Council, recalls his Navajo childhood to speak to you todayMYshouldbeloved brothers and sisters, I In 1947 the cry was raised: "The Mr. Paul Jones, chairman of the

I of I Truckloads of brothers. in his inaugural remember, speech April 4, Lamanite am sure. about our

quote from Nephite prophets: clothing and food were gathered here 1955:

in Utah and taken from our Church... thus saith our God: I will afflict thy welfare storehouses for these distressed The salvation and hope of our Navajo

seed by the hand of the Gentiles; nevertheIndians. Simultaneously, the press took people lies in education... at one time we

less, I will soften the hearts of the Gentiles, up the cry and the warmhearted people made our living on livestock and a little to shall a fatherthat unto be like they Fort cornpatch. returned from we When of particularly the nation, of the and

10:18.) (2 Nephithem;... of us. there are There 9,000 were Sumner call bedding, the with answered West,

... in 76,000. must educated be now We clothing, echoes food, money. and The again: of rest to the the order be absorbed with peoAnd

to a ocean ocean from and resounded of States ple of these. those United you

itself. roused sleeping nation... tell will a mighty the Lord raise up God educated your have been. must. who

nation among the Gentiles, yea, even upon Pictures and stories of want and starpeople of the benefits of education.... It

the face of this land; and by them shall our vation were printed in newspapers and is the greatest hope that we have for our

seed be scattered. magazines; pressures were brought to Navajo people.... When they returned

And after our seed is scattered the Lord bear upon officials; and the important (from Ft. Sumner) they were reluctant to

God will proceed to do a marvelous work prophecies began to be fulfilled and send their children to school. The Federal

police to to send out Government had great shall of be Gentiles, the whichamong gentile of nation the the which arms

I refor school. the gather children... it is likened wherefore, seed; our untoworth scattered the opened Lamanites now had

I distinctly. of school myself was member Gentiles the their nourished being byunto shoulders to the enfold them, and that father at time. age mother and their My carried in arms and and being to push used once were them on which to sheepskins used hide and under me 22:7-8.) (1 their shoulders. Nephi

to reservations, into squared away now a blankets person they coming saw when

Relatively little progress had been carry these deprived ones to their who represented the schools. I was the

in destiny. to the within hide the past or only family. two Even used boy They discovered since AmerColumbusmade

or people the they school years, saw great strides when three me have been of ica, years. until recent Hundreds

bright policemen coming. However, one Education, the made. denomcommon the killed of Indians bythousands were mistake. day, parents they were a made My is leveler, to red inator the and coming gentiles 128,000 Europe, invading from the lookout, me, not saw someone and on are availhospital clinic and man. The to in according alone, England I New the hiding hogan. even though behind was are being children able to Indian him. rest hack, historians. to said: were pushed person go That The "That boy must

is hospitals; in sanitation being born I to school. school."But So went finally away scattered, placed on reservaand

tions. The battle of America continued taught; and the sun is rising on the our eyes are now open to the advantages

for hundreds of years, the red people Indian world with the government, that school has for us....

fighting for their families, their homes, churches, and many agencies becoming their hunting grounds, and their very "nursing parents"to them. Today, Mr. Jones is the educated and

existence. Yesterday tribal people resisted educultured chief leader of the Navajo

Finally the scriptures are being fulcation; today they grasp it eagerly. Not tribe.

filled. "Nursing fathers and mothers"long ago nearly all Indians were illiterThe Treaty of 1868 with the Navajos

are being raised up to bring the blessate and unschooled; today in 1956 nearstated that the government would proings of freedom and education and ly every Indian child in America may vide a school and a teacher for every

training. Yesterday Indian some of six thirty ages the between of Lehi. sons the can have health to We their from children were kidnapped or can be induced and sixteen,—-"whochildren of majority the Navajo remember when

school. to forced parents Today and school."compelled to attend Compulschools, other children without and were

tribes were considerably limited. It is parents beg for schools, and children sion has now been replaced with an obsaid that "The darkest hour is just beeagerly attend. session for school in many families. It

is to far cry a 1744 today back from fore their day the But dawn."is dawnis swiftly life changing Indian the Virginia commissioners made ing. been has perhaps more There in dunes, when the Like windswept sand

offer chiefs to the of the Six Nations an to consideration the given constructive patterns, 'stablished changing Ever

Indian people in the last decade than New strong forces, healing wounds. to educate six of their Indian boys.

in the entire century before. (Spencer W. Kimball.) {Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 937 file out of the busses and into the

Spencer W. Kimball Continued Church dining room for bacon, eggs,

milk, fruit, and cereal, prepared by the

It is of interest to note that in a Relief Society. Inasmuch as it is illegal Relief Society sisters.

feeble way the government has been for anyone without a state license to Soon breakfast is over. The processtrying for two hundred years to educate engage in any way in the placing or reing is begun. Kind sisters take the girls

the Indians, and from a few at the inceiving of children, it is urged that in one building and understanding ception of the nation, today we approach neither missionaries nor members engage priesthood brethren the boys in another, universal education for them. in the independent placement of chilwhere they are bathed and shampooed

The Virginia Commissioners received dren. and made ready for the clinic. The

this reply from the Indian chiefs: Here is how the plan works: food, soap, shampoo, and other things

In August more than 250 Indian chilare furnished free by the Church. All

of formerly Several people our were young assist are workers, volunteer doing family who Begay northward. dren The move

of at the the collegesbrought Northern up all this like of their work, other is typical. Church a Begays and have team The all instructed in they yourProvinces; were

Six remuneration. without hundred across the ride spring slowly wagon and us, tosciences; they back but came when

free are a generous towels furnished by stretches hills valleys barren and and of runners;they every ignorant were bad

means of living in the woods; unable to to the gathering place. In the miles linen company, typical of many other

bear either cold or hunger; knew neither and miles of travel, Father and Mother favors. The children line up for the

how to build a cabin, take a deer, or kill Begay have time to discuss with Ruth clinic where several physicians, furan enemy; spoke our language imperfectly; and Billie the great adventure ahead: nished by the United States Health

were therefore neither fit for hunters, war- "Here is your opportunity,"Father Service, senior medical students, techniriors, totally or counselors; they good were cians, nurses, several from is and on loan saying. is takBegay "Our Church

lessfor are the nothing. not however We all the State Department, Health Utah to a ing in good you home Mormon offer,obliged deyour by though kind we

little folk's are chests work. go to The treated kindly will be where you Utah it.cline accepting to grateful our show And

sense of it, if the Gentlemen of Virginia and may go to school. You must be x-rayed; their hearts, eyes, skin, ears,

will send us a dozen of their sons, we will grateful and study hard and learn."teeth, and temperatures are checked,

take great care of their education, instruct And now Mother Begay, in colorful and a complete record made. Their

them in all we know, and make men of velveteen, and her hair in a bob, is fears are quieted by sweet, sympathetic them. adding: "These Church members are women when tears of unhappiness folof needlejabbing the low immunizathis in their of the goodness doing records, the from old That comes and test. tion the blood and know They hearts. for are not the paid food They it inDr. Ernest the Wilkinson quoted is for this their comes, good. Lunchtime shelter training and clothes and and last hereIndian week. Congress appetizing another is enjoyed meal and are that giving will they you. They

Now may I tell you of our most pertreat you like one of their own. You from welfare supplies. There is some

fect program and unselfish adventure in must do your part like the children of rest, and there is supervised play and a human relationships. The "outing"the family."movie.

program had been attempted by others At last they reach the Gap in northern Then come the foster families, hunat times, but I think never on this basis. Arizona. Other Indian families are ardreds of them, from all over Utah:

As we began to bring into the Church riving also in wagons and pickups. The unpaid families whose only desire is to

many faithful Indians, almost their first kindly driver loads their belongings into provide unselfishly for the child and to desire was that their children should the chartered busses. Our friendly "mother"and "father"him and train

have the schooling and church training Church chaperon meets the family and and guide him. They are driving in

which the nonIndian children enjoyed. the children. Farewells are said, and from Kanab and Salt Lake City; from

Indian families working among us here tears are shed as affectionate parents Moroni and Escalante; from St. Georgein our beet, cotton, or potato fields saw and children part for the school term. and the Uintah Basin—unselfish famithe luxury enjoyed by white children Though already homesick and lonely lies anticipating the new arrival to their

who were wellfed and welldressed, in at heart, neither parents nor children family. There are stake presidents,

comfortable homes, going to excellent would change their minds, so grateful bishops, mayors, editors, doctors, farmersschools daily. They saw their own litare they for the opportunities just open-—the finest people in the communitiestle deprived fellows who must follow ing. The Begays and the Chees and of Utah and of the world—each family

the family to the faraway fields so parthe Biligodys hitch up their horses, and to receive for the school term an Indian ents could earn money to feed them. with a tearful happiness, drive to their child, accepted by them to become a

Their dreams and yearnings finally homes on the reservation, while the real part of the family. The white chilforced the affectionate parents to bebusses, filled with eager, excited childdren present excitedly speculate as to

come bold enough to approach a white ren, drive northward. which of the Indian youngsters, so

employer: "Would you let our little One observer wrote this of the parting: hungrily eating luncheon, is to be their

girl stay with you and go to school after new brother or sister. In the stake taberwe have gone back to the reservation? There were a few tears—tears of premanacle films are shown on Indian culShe will be a good girl and cause you ture homesickness from youngsters leaving ture, and a talk is given on the part

no trouble."the reservation for the first time and sudeach is to play in this glorious human

With the earnestness in their eyes and denly reluctant and fearful of the future. drama. Four days of this processing

little sisters, brothers Tears from and too follow. voices, their in pleadingthe could who

or the unqualified for otherwise great young Infor term, the the schoolresist? Now, began. experiment few The A furtive there adventure. a were few And

is his child dian with a par on left newchildren in homes. were were They tears parents, this realizing at from moment

sisters. horses, rides brothers and foster grateful. parents He andhappy The lonely the of parting long and months how

were pleased, and neighbors wished also stretched out before spring vacation. feasts at picnics, does chores, goes swimto participate. On the reservation, ming, takes music lessons. He goes to

natural parents told their neighbors, Just a few hours and the busses are school and enters into every Church, who also wrote pleading letters for their in Richfield, Utah. The kindly chapcivic, and community activity on an

own children. The number increased eron has kept the children happy and equal basis. Before the meal, the new

to twenty, sixty, eighty, and then last looked after their every need. It is very family member takes his turn in famyear to 253. It grew like Topsy. Arearly in the morning at the reception ily prayers and blessing the food. He

rangements at first were between natural center, but it is already a hive of ingoes to Sunday, School and priesthood parents on the reservation and willing dustry, and keen expectancy is in the meeting. The little ones go to Primary

roster parents in Utah; but when the air. Sevier Stake becomes the host, and and the larger ones to MIA, and all the

Church determined to give it support, the stake presidency, members of the family go together to Sacrament meetthe plan was given legal status and priesthood, and the Relief Society sisters ing. The child attends seminary and

brought under the Utah State Departare waiting. There is the smell of is advanced in priesthood and auxiliary

ment of Public Welfare, children's servbacon in the air, and the young redskins, activities. Many do baptism work in

ice, through the state license of the some of whom have been here before, the temples. In school he fits into the

938 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA regular classes, and if his language is worthiness determined. No child of and reservation officials were also apfaulty, likely the teacher will gladly trusting Indian Church members is proached. The petition read:

give up her noon hour to tutor him. placed in a broken home or one which

Foster parents write to natural parents, is not an exemplary one. No child We parents feel that your organization

sending pictures. Case workers visit goes into a home where liquor is used has done wonders for our children, and

every child and family monthly and or where there is friction or delinquent we wish you would try every effort to place visit schoolteachers and principals often children. He goes into a wellordered our children this year.

and assure themselves that harmony and home where there is the rare combinaunderstanding prevail. tion of kindness and discipline, firmness One prominent nonmember observer

The Indian children have proved and affection; into a praying family, a wrote us:

character, of devoted family brilliant, alert, tothemselves and religious, be for perfect program the have most You faith, is opportunity love. Here and take lead theresponsive. often They initiated been ever children has at Navajo to get for its best from the Indian away classes, elected to schoolin their being its all for grateful this time. are to Wethat liquor, idleness, his worst enemies: andoffices, graduate they from and many success. outstanding

high schools in Utah. They are going immorality.

out into employment and are making It is heartwarming to see the friendly Another said:

good. The employer of one of our Inco-operation of government, state, and

dian girls in office work said: local and school officials and teachers. I have never enjoyed a more wonderful

"She is one of our best workers. I Our Church classes have absorbed the experience in wholehearted cooperation and

wish we had many more like her."little fellows into their groups, and complete harmony of effort than I enjoyed

Four months and Christmas comes. timid, shrinking children have become at Richfield.

The children remain in Utah where happy, normal playmates and workthey share the Christmas gifts, parties, mates and family members. One young A tribal leader wrote us:

and other kindnesses equal to and the Indian, after five consecutive years with same as the white children. Latterday a delightful, cooperative family, gradu-... This is very gratifying to our Navajo

organization has in that your taken people Inin the a keen interestSaints school have ated he where high from a Utah.. interest children. in our such Navajo to share are with willing president, anddians with studentbody and and was

service to appreciate. our deeply your a Wesacrifice for atscholarship, them. Oil $350.00 Standard

.. several people. been have. There Navajo pass eventful University; and Five months he tended more Young Brigham foster for reporting the notifications homes

250 Indian children are on their way is now in the Northern States Mission educational purposes by your child placing back to the reservation. Though some on a full, regular mission. Two other agency as a very important and noteworthy

might like to remain in Utah, all are Indian boys are filling regular mishelp....

sent home to keep welded the natural sions in the Southwest Indian Mission, family ties. Again farewells are said, where Oneida Indian girls have also Two missionaries wrote, when the

and tears are shed, and they reluctantly filled missions. This is the beginning. children had returned home for the

leave their Utah homes and the tearThe future is most promising. summer:

hearts theyful family and whose home graduating our youth will We expect fill they sharing, and beenhave these into Yesterday in our testimony meeting, a the continue high schools from chartered busses again. The selected Brigham Young University. At first mother of one of the girls who went to

bus driver is exceptionally kind; the there were a few, and some of them disUtah this year got up and told how grateful in that to heaven our Father she solicitous. she bagwas is mostchaperon No last thirtyfour year continued, with but

to girl to go able up her been had Utah lost; are and children is mixed;gage no tribes east representing eighteen from

to speak learn pray, English she could where turns group homeward. Home!a happy this to west, more, even year with and schooling the better, sew, cook, gain and travel, pleasant ofFamily! Hours stabilare taking already and they hold and child that to that she she have her wanted is reached. distribution centerthe The izing themselves. on From we now get. herself didn't

missionaries are here to greet them, and expect that Indians in everincreasing gratefamilies to enfoldthe Indian them in graduwill the be numbers numbered first sister of the Sacrament wrote One their three hearts.fully For happy to classes of ating UniverBrigham Young after the of children return the meeting ties will family on they cementmonths sity. without embarrassment Utah, from how for off reservation, another then,the and

services, has generously provided givin part the taken they Church The had of school.year

for intermediate talks, an program whereby songs, ing some and had how fastprayer and planning and Much little students a Indian poise have come testimony such with borne and who into In the our program.ing gone have

collegiate short of requirements that parents impressiveness the were may travel social workers thesummer tutorial skilled service special from children have as Indian were amazed, who visit reservation. the eachthrough They

to teachers. Scholarships are provided schools. other to been had away acquainted get with or hogan andhome assist in university, students the worthy are great times our country changIn catching parents, childrenthe the and

of children are but our Inidan many practicalfor ing. are provided Schools its spirit of family, background, thethe

their entire already paying way. tribal child, ly every funds Indian and their of children, training thethe and

individual needs. With our missionHundreds of our Indian youth are are made available for determined but

aries, who nurture them constantly, receiving characterbuilding and reimpecunious students. True religion

these special workers urge the parents ligious training wherever they go in and faith in the Eternal God are replacto have the children examined and government schools in Kansas, Oklaing superstition; the physician is taking

treated for dental and medical needs. homa, Oregon, California, Nevada, the place of the medicine man; and

Proper legal contracts are secured, and Arizona, New Mexico, and in the great administration by the priesthood is rearrangements are made whereby misIntermountain Indian School at Brigplacing the sand patterns and the signs sionaries will pilot them the coming ham City, Utah, where we have a for the Latterday Saint members. Young

August to the proper place for embarkabranch of the Church comprised of Incouples are obtaining licenses from court tion. Careful studies are made for efdians. Here, President David O. McKay clerks and being married by ministers

ficent and understanding placement for last winter dedicated the commodious and bishops. Bodies are being buried

the coming year. chapel near the school wherein our much the same as the white dead. The

. all Indians who still place on the grave Now the workers return to the Utah youth are taught correct principles,

communities and visit the white famithe virtues and the doctrines of the meats and fruits and other foods cannot lies who have previously signified their gospel of Jesus Christ. understand why the dead of the white

willingness to cooperate. The home Our program is appreciated by the man can smell the flowers any more

and its facilities are studied to be sure Indian people. When some opposition than the Indian dead can enjoy the

the child and family will be comfortthreatened the program last summer food. The destructive custom of burnable and happy. The family is interin one area, a petition was sent to us ing the home and its contents when

viewed and, through a visit to the bishop signed by many Indian parents pleading death occurs therein is giving way. One

of the ward, is evaluated and their for the continuance of the program, (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 939 gram of training in home and school

Spencer W. Kimball Continu.ec and community as the finest program

conceived of man for the rapid and of our sweet Apache sisters wrote this a very real and lovable way absorb the permanent advancement and progress at the death of her husband: Indian children as new members of the of the Indian child so long deprived.

family. These families, give, give, and Let them have one generation of this

I it I live in like house. burn do not my give. give as will only dedicated people Inprogram, sustained and see a new

Indians.other I believe the miswhat is for remuneration culture, of prosperity, but no them; dian world and

I tellsionaries are think they me. my Theretheir total for the food, compensation happiness.

brother. clothes, shelter, care, and love they give In conclusion we say: God bless these

This is our adventure in good citizenis the satisfaction which comes in givselfless hundreds of families who have ship and righteous living, our experiing opportunity for an enriched life to become and are yet to become "nursing ment in human relationships carried one who could not otherwise have it. fathers and mothers"who will continue

on by this, the Church of Jesus Christ We rejoice in the greatly accelerated to carry the chosen children of the anof Latterday Saints. Knowing the schooling of Indian children by the govcient prophet Lehi "in their arms and

origin and destiny of the red men and ernment, the states, and other churches upon their shoulders,"I pray, in the believing the promises of God as reand agencies, but we present this proname of Jesus Christ. Amen.

corded in the Book of Mormon, our people are willing to sacrifice for the Saturday Afternoon, October 6, 1956 progress and development of these whose deprivations pyramided mountain high but whose curse is now being lifted.

Hundreds more sacrificing LatterdaySaints may yet have the opportunity of Preparing for the providing temporary homes for Lehi's children to get an education and to learn the gospel and to become Church leaders.

This is not a proselyting program, for Millennial Reiiin we bring from the reservations those

Indian children who are already members of the Church and whose families by Harold B. Lee

generally are members. The program OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

will make good young people, stalwart adults. It will fortify them against the

itevils of train will to the world; them

I in encouraged are afternoon this to declared by which document am it selfsufficient; will developbecome This

I of the President impressive are discourse reference have and which made to into leaders return to preparedthem of this at of the congreat significance today opening to the work McKaytheir bring people the and to them own to to expression give the to as it established ference under be humble and wasbenefits can from educawhich come

I of prophet, that the instrumentality have boy thoughts had on what sometion.

I consider to be one of the most imJoseph Smith. I shall only make brief

This program has many advantages: portant matters which concern the Latreference to three of these announceIt has at once the multiple advantages terday Saints today. ments of the heavenly messenger:

of school, the the boarding day school, first said that the thing messenger The the History In the of Documentary refining the culturalthe home, and that the had covenant was which is recorded IV, there God inChurch, Volume offluences an improved community. Israel ancient is with was at hand letter made copied incident, a an and there

The children are taught in superior which was prepared by the Prophet and about to be fulfilled. This unschools, fully accredited, and among the Joseph Smith at the request of the editor doubtedly made reference to that covebest in the nation. They have sufficient and publisher of a newspaper, who had nant which was announced to Abraham,

companionship of their own race to reasked the Prophet to write an article who because of his faithfulness, was tain their pride in and love for their telling of the rise, the progress, the persepromised that through him and his seed own people, for in the same community cutions, and the faith of the Latterday all the nations of the earth would be and school are other Indian young peoSaints. The Prophet agreed to do so blessed: and God would make of Abraple. They have the environment of the on one condition, and that condition ham's seed a great nation. We need

best communities where are found the was that they would take his article in only to be reminded that the Savior of least in the world's vices and the most its entirety, with no deletions or no the world came through that lineage;

of its culture and refinement. They rechanges. There appears then, in this and while his personal ministry was

tain their family ties with natural parletter, or this article which was written only to the house of Israel, before he left ents by correspondence, pictures, relayed for the paper, one of the most important his disciples he declared to them that reports, and also letters through the historical documents which we have in they were "to preach repentance and case workers, and they return to their Church history. remission of sins unto all the earth, behomes for the summer months to keep In that letter the Prophet Joseph ginning at Jerusalem."From this lineage

bound their home and family loves and Smith told about an experience that he a chosen people was to be prepared to loyalties. They grow naturally into the had on the evening of September 21, set up the kingdom of God in these

culture of America at its best, attending 1823. While he was engaging in humlast days, and it was over this kingdom

with a minority of their own group and ble prayer unto God, suddenly he diswhich the Christ was to reign when he a majority of the nonIndian children, covered that the room in which he was came on earth for the second time.

activities in school, community, church, praying was being filled with light, a The second announcement that was and family. They are not institutionallight brighter than the brightness of made by this heavenly messenger was

ized but individualized and become the sun, and as he marveled at this that a preparatory work for the seeond recognized members of the family where brightness, he was aware that a percoming of the Messiah was speedily to they are integrated and "counted in"sonage had entered the room with a commence. You will recall that just

for every family pleasure, adventure, or consuming brightness even greater than before the Master's crucifixion he told sacred experience. that which he had beheld in the room. his disciples that he would come again,

Our program is unique. Here is "no As he recovered from the shock of and they said to him, as they sat upon

family of marginal income who must the appearance of this personage, who the mount with him, perhaps for one take in a boarder to supplement the introduced himself to the Prophet as of the last times, "Master, tell us when family living. Here is no mercenary a messenger sent from God, the mesthese things shall be."And then there

care. But here nonIndian families in senger announced four things, which came from his lips a train of happen940 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ings which he said would be the sure Lord, must be taught the personality and that he might bring all men unto him, on foretelling that the time was nigh at the nature of God and his Son, Jesus conditions of repentance. (D & C 18:1112.)

hand when his second coming was drawChrist.

from from what? Saved Redeemed in the near, appear shoulding he when this: said the has demand Someone

first, mortal saved Well, from of what? of great powerclouds and with heaven is "for not a age our who modern God

of resurrection the the death through glory.great is."for a was, but once now who God

in'are sense another dead. But we

I I that, can one thought, read As how forty After days administered he sacrifice. his likewise atoning saved by is identity un- a person whose meet after his crucifixion and themamong is sin. are saved from Here what We to prepared be one can known?resurrection, How from caught he away was his to explained peothe Prophet Alma has no he a person about meet whom in of clouds heaven, the two andthem this matter: ple concerning prepared one be can knowledge? said in Howangelic dressed personages white

to those who were witnesses of the to meet a being whose personality he And he shall come into the world to

Master's ascension, cannot comprehend? redeem his people; and he shall take upon

Great thinkers have long since recoghim the transgressions of those who beYe men of Galilee, why stand ye gazing nized this need in religion if it is to lieve on his name; and these are they

up into heaven? this same Jesus which is become a vital force. George Harris, that shall have eternal life, and salvation

taken up from you into heaven, shall so in his book A Century of Change in Recometh to none else. (Alma 11:40.)

come in like manner as ye have seen him ligion, said this: "The thought of God... he cannot save them in their sins;

go into heaven. (Acts 1:11.) as a personality is a necessary condition for I cannot deny his word, and he hath

inherit said that the thing unclean no can is that of everything within contained of therefore, heaven; ye can kingdom how third that thing the messenger The experience."religious field of the of inherit except the saved, ye be kingdom that the to the Prophet wasannounced of in his Professor Hacking Harvard in ye saved Therefore, be cannot heaven?

all in for at gospel thetime was hand in Experiof "Meaning God sins. (Ibid., Human 11:37.) your

its fulness to be preached in power unto ence,"made even a more significant all the nations. This was in fulfilment statement when he wrote: "The alternaThat last declaration of the Prophet

of that which had been promised to tive to the thought of God as a person Alma points to still another requireJohn when the angel would fly in the is the thought of Him as a substance, ment, as I see it, for a people to be premidst of heaven, "having the [fulness as mere energy, and chiefly as law. Just pared to receive the Savior's coming. We

of the] everlasting gospel to preach to stop and consider for a moment what must be cleansed and purified and sancthem that dwell on the earth."(Rev. it would mean for us to try to obey the tified to be made worthy to receive and

14:6.) The restoration of that fulness of will of substance, of love, of energy, abide that holy presence. The Prophet

the gospel was accomplished when the or worship law, and you will have some Mormon put it this way:

Book of Mormon, which was declared idea at least of how near this question to be a record in which the fulness of of the personality of God comes to the Behold, I say unto you that ye would be the gospel was contained, was restored heart of true religion."more miserable to dwell with a holy and

of consciousness a your under God,to the world through the Prophet Joseph of the just spoke Paul When the Apostle filthiness before to dwell than him, ye wouldSmith. said organization of the he Church, hell. the souls in with damned (Mormon

That the gospel might be "preached in that one of the prime purposes of its 9:4.)

power"required something else. Preorganization was

ceding the organization of the Church How can this cleansing take place?

it was necessary that the keys of the... for the edifying of the body of The answer is: through holy ordinances

priesthood be committed again unto Christ: which the Lord has established for that

all Till of the unity in the we come so that the gospel could be preached purpose. yes, are grace,men saved by We

of the of the knowledge and Sonwith its ordinances power, and of the adminfaith, the Master, of through atonement perfect 4:1213.) unto (Eph. a God, man.istered unto this men. principle: other taught but Nephi

the final thing fourth But and which in that will remember And you last that"...weforarewesaved,knowafterthat allit weis bycan gracedo."is the thing about announcedwas prayer, said, which memorable the Master "And

I wish to address the few remarks that this is life eternal, that they might (2 Nephi 25:23.)

I make this afternoon. That was that know thee the only true God, and Jesus Now the nature of that ordinance by

a people might be prepared for the Christ, whom thou hast sent."(John which salvation can be obtained is exmillennial reign. The meaning of that 17:3.) plained clearly also by the Prophet

term was understood, apparently, from Eternal life is God's life, or life with Nephi:

the prophets Enoch's from time down it to other In words, seems God. me,

brethren, Wherefore, beloved I knowto my the time, Smith's Prophet Joseph tell are to trying they us that the worthiif full shall that the follow ye Son, with of the year spoke a Lord thousandwhen in his ness to presence abide can holy of heart, acting purpose hypocrisy no andperiod in history world's the which obtained only be knowing and by God inreal before deception but no with God, reign, a called millennial bewould Christ has he Jesus knowing by sins, tent, of repenting your witnessing whom unto secwith thewhich would commence sent. that the are to take willing ye Father upon

of Savior. in theond coming saw John of Christ, the by name requisite of you thinking, another To baptism—yea, my ofvision resurrection just the the who following Savior your Lord by your and preparation to receive that the Lord for reign Christ a with thousand his intowould the according to water, word, down

at of reign his the millennial beginningyears. shall receive the this behold, that then ye period during Holy saw He

Satan would be bound, that there would demands that the people be taught to Ghost; yea, then cometh the baptism of

be peace upon the whole earth. Heaven accept the divinity of the mission of fire and of the Holy Ghost; and then can

as of the Savior the world. Jesus angels, of the ye speak tongue with and Why associated, closely earthand would be

praises of Israel. sent shout into the Savior the unto world? Holy was the The One to pertaining all unfinishedand work

this world would be completed. InMaster himself answered that question And I heard a voice from the Father,

his said: ministry are saying: the during Yea, Beloved "For he words when of myjustices at the would be righted, and

faithful. to the true that endureth and his sent into to He the not world Son God final reign aend of that would come (Ibid., shall the end, 31:13, saved. be same that the world; the world but condemnjudgment. 15.) (Ibid., saved."through might be him

I this myself, asked being have Now, 3:17.)

is still finally, there one now, And for to prepare millennial time thethe is to thing necessary, that In a revelation in our day he said it more myreign, shall prepare to about how we set again: is thinking, that before preparation to receive ofa the the people coming

feign. for millennial the must made seriouslyLord? We about thought As I have

accept the divine of the mission Prophetthat matter, reached I have two or three feredFor, deathbehold, inthe theLordflesh;your Redeemerwherefore sufhe

sure conclusions in my own thinking. suffered the pain of all men, that all men Joseph Smith as the instrumentality

This preparation demands first that a might repent and come unto him. through which the restoration of the

people, to receive the coming of the And he hath risen again from the dead, (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 941 and be able to say it with power,

Harold B. lee continued "Choose you this day whom ye will

... for house, serve, as but and me my near. lot of inheritance gain a them To of the organizationgospel the and this of (the serve Lord, will the God we that will pass and soon unknown Today Christ of accomwas JesusChurch for prepare land,)"and 24:15) (Josh. tomorrow of theplished. Church, member Each Savior, of the the which coming may dreadful souls in leave a more many May reign, for millennialto the prepared be short state cut delayed, to too long not be

for himtestimony, receive each amust fell flood, or that the on came by of Than righteousness wickthe for reign the self, estabof of divinity the the work Gomorrah to engulf well that seems edness nigh this It Smith.lished was is by Joseph grief too wailing Yea, weeping and when are those world; a wicked when who Saints plainly the taught late.that by was will his at caught righteous be coming

is island, the Savior coming; ready, the of Saviorafter the Be advent the upon O him, in to of the clouds heaven meet up declare; prophets the Zion, again He'll bring in our leaders of theearth, one and graves, in their are asleep those and who in refaith sins, of have your and Repent it declared, again, said he hasday when will likewise, righteous are be who demption,I parable to the reference with suppose

of to in the clouds there. caught heaven lot of inheritance up a gain you To virgins five five foolish wiseof the and

is given, in season the to nations voice him. meet A will parable, time Master'sin the "The for the oh, kingdom's Prepare, prepare new

I I that bear witness solemn you my will be norcome no woman man when birth, light. Eachable to endure on borrowed To call the elect from the four winds of mybelievesoul.theseThisthingsis thetodaybe fortrueuswithto preall light thewill guided by to be have heaven;

within himself."(Life of Heber C. For Jesus is coming to reign upon earth."pare that people ready to receive the

Kimball, pp. 449450.) coming of the Lord, and I bear that

his children in testimony bless as us the Lord the name of the Lord May true, things being it must then These call, Christ. that recognize Amen. and we say Jesus may deto object our whole and ourbecome

sire to teach these fundamental things to prepare our people for his coming.

As Brother Romney delivered his very excellent address on the subject of the perfecting of the Saints, I remembered what a prominent commentator said about the quotation from the writings thereof the Ephesians. Paul to He said

the word The Dimensions of Lifeshould be no comma after saints. He said it should read "for the

perfecting of the saints in the work of the ministry,"stressing the importance by Sterling XV. Sill

of perfecting all who are called to posiASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE tions of leadership in preparing the people to receive a knowledge of the is this or of not God.Son Whether it place bring help about. a good once philosopher great American And

it is interpretation, certain correctthe is the start suggested place the to every said should by that thank God we in in seminaries ourthat our homes, is, live apprefor to privilege lives of our of the our day philosopher—that institutes, the auxiliary organizainand A ciation day. every wonderful a born. he then went been having What And

tions, priesthood the in quorums, we life, for this eternal to of quest begin question the speculate to unique on way on nature teach the knowledgemust and if if of it live the sentiment could always been unfortunate have would we how theof teach the Godhead. must We says that song the pointed born, he not been and had we of Savior of world. the themission We that things of the wonderful out some principles purifying the to teachneed

I live, life, to I love missed. and want have would we

of the gospel. need ordinancesand We it all life's take fulness, of can drink To to the tremendous understand Really of restoration theto the teach need and give; gospel life as the of revealed value by theof gospel instrumentality the through life, I count, love every must moment importthe times multiplies by many of Smith. the Prophet Joseph its its revel in glory in sunshine and To is Life this our most thought. of ance

it I prefount. suppose think might some is live to a possession. Just valuable

if I to the plead withsumptuous were live in to especially blessing, marvelous as in of as secularteachers well if youth secure to "everything"gave Even we enlightenment of these days and wonder religious to tearin education not life, still down the eternal most have made we Fulof the as Dispensation the known stones foundationthe a which upon world. in the Wilbargain wonderful of ness Times.

faith soul build necessary can of greatest said,human use "The liam James it said, "All of days In was the Job

I their toto prepare Redeemer. meet it is that life for to something spend for his give will he that a hath man station invite from humble forwould it."lasts exaltation outlasts my Eternal purwise life."very 2:4.) a For (Job fight against truththose the would is greatest possible who good. ever the and every in huimplanted pose, has God as restored in to the think taught Church life are benefits not eternal of the But for desire natural great heart a man of said seriously a counselor wise what It its length. of limited to dimension life to cling existence. continued We of in the Christ of to the enemies day life four that has out been pointed has strength. of Even our every ounce with

associates. his Peter counselor This and dimensions: trouble, oppressive sickness or severe in admonished: to still length almost to is will any First, go of length there the we life—or

a life or for month, a even prolong week live. long how we let these Refrain from and them men, one be gained the period though may is life if of this for this or there of the alone: Second, breadth counsel be work

will hopelessness. or But of pain we it to will nought:men, come live. interestingly we how or enor inconvenience suffer almost any

if it of ye overthrow cannot God, be But is of there depth the Third, live. to just hardship life—or almost any dure it; fight lest to against haply found be ye

live, those represented by we much how is if life so much, mortal worth 5:3839.) (Acts Now God.

how much is eternal life worth? And great qualities of love, worship, devotion,

Perhaps today is the time for us to what would it mean to us if it were service, etc.

hear again the rallying call that was lost? God himself placed a value on Then there is a fourth dimension of

put into words by W. W. Phelps: eternal life when he said it was his life, which might be compared to that

mysterious or less It therefore automore greatest gift to man.

is Savior the coming; Awake! O ye people, of space, the important our most becomes purpose of life—orforth dimensionwhy we hear; matically his temple, He'll suddenly we come to

Repentance is needed of all that are living, opportunity to give every cooperation to live.

942 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the ordinary situations we multiply thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, As Jesus admonished us, "Be ye therethe dimensions to get the total volume. whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) fore perfect, even as your Father which

Suppose therefore that we could multiWe live in a day when the gospel has is in heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5-:48.)

ply the dimensions of life. been restored to the earth in a fulness The plan of eternal progression conFirst there is the length of life. never known before. In addition to the templates that the offspring may ultiWe have made some progress in the things that other dispensations have mately become like the parent, and

last few centuries in increasing life's had, we now have the three great voltherefore fulfils the scripture which says length. You may be interested to know umes of new scripture, outlining in every that "men are that they might have

that if you had lived two thousand detail the simple principles of the gosjoy,"(2 Nephi 2:25) as the greatest joys

years ago in Jerusalem, your life expel. The pathway to eternal life has of life are the joys of being.

pectancy at birth would have been now been perfectly marked and brilThen there is the purpose of life, approximately nineteen years. In George liantly lighted, and no one now needs that which gives life its significance.

Washington's day in America it was to get off the straight and narrow way, glorious wise purpose a andthirtyfive years. In his of in choice. live except the our a For America by own We

placed us earth hast here [God] on Thou years.day, it fruit is seventy eat the the not have from we day when may We

recollection withheld the And it life's is tripled length, treeonly also of evil of to but knowledge good and birth. friends and former Of our

is for to possible heart's clearer content. us ournow have flamThere no (Eliza R. Snow.)

stronger live tree bodies ingminds in of the and guarding sword knowland a world from which physical pain has edge, and some of the greatest joys of Some day that recollection and those largely been eliminated. life are the joys of understanding, born friendships will be given back to us,

But no one is satisfied with this acin our own minds. Edward Dyer said but in the meantime, what a wonderful

lifecomplishment. seek only The we is life to stimulation that not an know

is;is to life. a It kingdom eternal mind said me wisely has been My result or or a accident afterthought an

I joys find therein pleasant Suchthat—"If of the the death should body of of great blind plan chance! The it all bliss excels other That lifeforever personality, end and human salvation designed our was by God earth affords or kind. grows That by universethen the throwing be would for benefit. Father our have been We

its utter withaway heedlessness most eternal of goal the working toward gift of eternal exaltation includes Theprecious possession. perreasonable A of preexaltation a long period through also celestial not a but body, only ason does not infinite build violin a with existence. mortal walked Then by we celestial will mind. quickened have Wecare, gathering the materials shapand is sight. Father. our God. knew He We senses, of perception, amplified powers

it, iting of the that so play body can glorihis lived him. with saw We We for increased vastly happicapacity and ofthe composition the masters, then and felt celestial resurrected ous, body. We ness understanding. and of caprice,by chance some smash whim celestial his the of the and wonder mind firsthand experience from knowit bits. to in We create Neither does God personality. of his delight wonderful

traits of characteristics of the and somehis great image the masterpiece of own like to be him. wanted knew We We glorified, beings, those immortal from it life,of a then has and human when his follow example. must must we We visited earth. describthe In have who itjust live, to utterly begun throw to learn learn obedience. must We ing the the Angel Prophet Moroni,away."little faith. a must walk by way We said, person whole "His Joseph Smith in firmly his holds the keys God hands test of final mortality pass the where glorious his description, beyond and was life.of eternal free for to are ourselves. choose we We.".. like truly lightning. countenance suppose that could multiply Now we sanctibe proven and educated must and

his glorious, person only but was Not life.the length of the breadth by fied and redeemed. also the his said clothing Prophet was its is Life best, in at mortality, even

filled with interest and wonders. After brilliant "beyond any earthly thing I And when we have finally proved oureternity exaltation, of then worthy I seen; believe nor ever that had do any selves creation,the looked earth the upon God

life's will length; of the be measure to thing could appear be it made is It calledand of earthly good. earth an

celestial of glory will the measure be brilliant."so exceedingly white andboundless fascinaendless beauty and

its like breadth; the to will be be God of P, 2:32, (P 31.) Joseph Smithtion, G where in continually grow we may

its depth. of measure appreciation.knowledge all and in are familiar the with wonderWhen We

is of so salvation Our made up many itour premortal lift existence ful the gives beheld us to appropriately we be individual hours thoughts and acts andfoundations earth of the being in beautiful clothing. dressed laid and We adorn

effort, certainly the height be it would going were theknew that we to have our bodies and keep and of them clean privilege of living upon it, we are told attractive and in other ways go to great of foolishness so much to dread to throw that "all the sons of God shouted for lengths to make them pleasant places to mortal life away all at once, but then joy."(Job 38:7.) And I am sure that live. If attractive clothing gives us deliberately to throw away eternal life

if we fully remembered now what we pleasure, what must be the joy of living a little at a time. It has been said that

knew for sure then, we would be willing forever, dressed in a glorified, celestialfew, if any, will ever lose their salvablowout. by ato crawl knees hands on our live ized through and with a celestial famtion body—to series of slow a lost by life privilege of for the being friends born Mostlyleaks—asalvationlittleis and earth a celestial ily and on

having the opportunity of proving ourbut with the great added fascination of indecision, a little indifference, a little selves faithful during the experiences of having a celestial mind, one that thinks procrastination, a little slothfulness.

mortality. like God! Disobedience may cut down life's

Then our first parents were placed Then suppose we multiply the total length by producing spiritual death.

upon the earth and were asked to deof the length and breadth by the depth Lethargy may reduce its breadth and incide whether or not they would eat the of life. tensity. Sin may destroy its depth, its

fruit from the tree of knowledge, and The objective of life is not only to godliness, its joy. Ignorance may

after they had eaten, God said, "the live long, but also to live well. It thwart its purpose.

man is become as one of us, to know is not only to acquire but also to beBrothers and sisters, the gospel has good and evil."(Gen. 3:22.) And I come; it is not only to receive benefits been given to help us increase the

would like to point out in passing, that but also to render service. Wealth condimensions of our lives. That was also

the right kind of knowledge still tends sists not so much in what we have as in the mission of the Savior of the world to have that effect upon people. It still what we are and do. I suppose that the who said, "I am come that they might

tends to make them become as gods. eight most important words ever spoken have life, and that they might have

And the most important classification are these: "So God created man in his it more abundantly."(John 10:10.)

of that knowledge is to know God and own image...."(Gen 1:27.) But not "... all that a man hath he will give for

his plans for our betterment. When at only has each of you been created in eternal life,"(See Job 2:4) is still the

the beginning of that long, awful night the image of God, but each has also greatest bargain in the world. May God

of betrayal and trial Jesus offered the been endowed with a set of attributes help us to spend our lives effectively to great prayer to his Father, he said, "And of divinity, the development of which that end, I pray in the name of Jesus this is life eternal, that they might know is one of the purposes for which we live. Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1956 943 performed. And the lesson must be

repeated over and over again all the time the child is growing up. Surely

the Lord knew what he was doing when he said, in effect, "I am going to give you these children for twenty years or so,

repeat with must what they them Teach by Example beforeyears they mature, and in that twenty well."years is a long Twenty know

time to a child. You have plenty of

by S. Dilworth Young timesteppingto overgive thethemropethewithouthabit ofhavingnot

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY them fear it.

First, let us revive that happy custom of taking our meals together. Let us

Yesterday there was a story read to things he saw and heard; the glories of abolish the snack bars in our kitchens

you by Elder Clifford E. Young the gospel and of Jesus Christ and of and establish a table around which

concerning Peter and John in the all the things "seen and heard"of all may sit, and let Father have breakcourt of the temple healing a lame man him and of the things Joseph Smith fast with his children as well as supper who asked for alms. May I finish the "saw and heard."and let them sit there for a few moments

after each conversation meal have and forstory you: just well are not taught Children by things about Father about which and

I told. being man, a young was When of Peter the boldness they saw like talk. when to cusMother would Now That

I at a time ranch one on worked were they that perceived John, andand is rapidly. of existence out going our in tom

outfit. for large cattle Fences Idaho a they ignorant marandunlearned men, is it It a will thing; powerful work

curiosity of a than were now. of more took The them,velled; knowledge they and children. wonders on

first I Jesus. for tothat with they been morning had went work them

And beholding the man which was healed (and I was green at it) the boss sent Second, when Father comes home at standing with them, they could say nothing the man who took care of the "remuda,"night, I suggest to him that he really against it. the horses, out to get them before dayresist this temptation and put the paper

But when they had commanded them to light. I was curious to know how those in a hidden place until the children

go aside out of the council, they conferred cowboys were going to rope and saddle have gone to bed. The newspaper has

among themselves, their horses because I could see no corno place in the home where children

Saying, What shall we do to these men? ral. I assumed the "punchers"were are until the father has spent the

for that indeed a notable miracle hath been going to have a rare time chasing them evening with them. And it is like readthat to is manifest all them themdone by you day—if

in cannotdwell Jerusalem; deny and we minutes it. down.fifty or Butsixtyasheadday broke,of horsesin theyat a came,dead ingspendforfifteenfifteenminutesminutesor twentya

But that it spread no further among the run, and they came to a corral I had with each child according to his years that straitly threatenpeople, let us them, in interesting doing things are not noticed. in which Stakes driven been had

this in speak henceforththey to no man to circle being him, to prairie, large a stake and him a companion each on thename.

fulfilling to nearer have protruding you your eighteen come inches about above called they them, and commanded And it If as obligations leave a father. the ground. stake In you top the of each

all in at teach to nor not speakthem to get eyelet, the the mother, behind up and an threaded the was through and of Jesus.name

I think newspaper, eyelet the have rope; committed a you wings out was went said Peter answered and But and John

is neglected, a sin, because child the a twentyfoot and entrance, from perhaps it sight the right in beunto them, Whether of God to hearken unto you more than unto one hundred feet on both sides. These you have not done your duty. So be

God, judge ye. horses came into the enclosure at a full firm; put the newspaper under the mat

For we cannot but speak the things which gallop. The rope did not reach to until after the children have gone to

we have seen and heard. (Acts 4:1320.) their knees, and yet not a horse stepped bed.

it. over into that went The punchers Third, sure to spend be time with

little their makeshift roped corral and It is that last phrase about which I child's child, to that according each wish to speak. I should like to apply it animals, saddled and bridled them, age and interests. With a threeyear-old

to children. It is the burden of the mounted and rode the buck out of them, girl, if you have to, get down and play

if a horse not a and thing can be any suchChurch, dolls. seven*teenyear-old a jumped over that rope paper With

corral. the out of testify "seen to of thingsburden, and to wants go to the Brigham son, who

children? areheard."to teach we How

all that not knowThey do an adult andI askedhe said,the "Theyforemanknowwhy better."that was,I YoungUniversityis where you shouldofbeUtah(unlessgame,you havethat

should know, but they should have no did not learn until later what "better"to be in this priesthood meeting).

stand. as adults todoubt where first fear the horses meant, but through

is, point child the the time by The feelright a to the get has Every boy Habit since second learned long and had is twenty, so should he companionbe his his that fathering and and mother could they where they go and where talk able his father to that with can he hishis teacher, priesthood Sunday not, could they and could do what to. about anything he wants and him The his or scoutmaster, teacherSchool and they stepping not should do what about

it is to at to companionable do be way into assowith he comesanyone whom rope. that over

life, his every of age beginning. the from of inciation surety a the Church, knows

of things "seen and heard."Every girl Well, children are not horses, or even That is why it is important to learn

has a right to the same assurance that like horses, and we cannot teach them how to handle a baby, fathers, and do her parents and leaders know of things by fear because that has a bad effect all the things that a baby requires.

teach them, but them we can folks heard."themupon"seen and it is Young parent not Fourth, a poor who is

must. and teach them weselves confidence do not children but the or awake come up know yet, when

which they must develop comes because May I give you half a dozen homely home from late parties or late dates.

those closely in touch with them conand homey suggestions which to me Then is the time to invite them to talk stantly bear witness to them in act, in seem simple, in relation to teaching over what happened; to enjoy the things

children? to Before I give counseled to be good you, which were and themdeed, in that of things word, they know

I is attitude. say that things avoiding teaching the an were sormay which on

the things seen"seen heard,"and and learn the rowful; the wisely does to counsel not words by about One

heard mentioned by Peter and John; spoken, but rather by the attitude and things which they might have done

the things mentioned by Nephi in the spirit in what they are spoken. One which were wrong. This practice, kept

first chapter of the Book of Mormon does not always learn by action, but by up all the days of his childhood, will be in talking about his father Lehi, of the the happiness with which the action is a great deterrent for a child who is 944 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA anxious to stay out longer than he it ought to do, must go to Sacrament endured the vicissitudes of the seventies'should. My mother sat up for me, and meeting. Father and Mother should trek from Kirtland to Missouri, had suf-

I did not have the nerve ever to keep lead the way, the children following fered through Haun's Mill with her her waiting too long. I knew she was close after and staying there until it is infant child in her arms, had counted

there. It helped me. It will help all dismissed. If one child is too small, the long miles across the plains, and

the children. one can go out with him, walk him up then had lived through years of poverty

Fifth, no parent in this Church is and down until he gets the kinks out in Utah. She smiled as she looked at

doing his duty unless he makes the Sabof his legs, or if a small child is crying, this person, and I think disappointed bath what it should be. It should be a one may have to take it home; but the the person, too, because this is what

happy day together, with the whole family understands that at the proper she said: "We all knew that he was a

family participating. The first thing in hour, all are in Sacrament meeting toProphet."

the morning, Father and Johnny go to gether. So we all do know that he was a

priesthood meeting, and Father should Now those suggestions followed careProphet, but do our children know it?

will there, take fully not assiduousnesstake with Johnny Johnny our children know that we know bring Do talked things not discussFather. about should on others. I have many They

obliga- I think, it? That, is our greatest

too. in that things there the home, should home, happen and comingthe way

Each one should feel that the other is but they will happen: prayer, love, all tion as we face life with these little

equal to him, and the father should of the things which go with it. ones who are given to us to rear to

take particular care that Johnny underMay I conclude by reminding you of adulthood.

stands his priesthood. The Aaronic the first thing that I said, things "seen My testimony is like my greatgrand-

Priesthood is vital. This is successful and heard."How necessary it is for mother's: I know that Joseph Smith

not so much because of what is said a parent to bear that witness! I have an was a Prophet and that he saw and

since dead, greatgrandmother, long aged of emotions because and the unsaidbut things. glorious that he I know apheard in her year ninetyseventhfeelings engendered. was who

held the that he passed keys, and I know lost faith, parents the chilthen, encourage proached by had one who And dren, and themselves as much as they and thinking perhaps that the grandthem on to his successors, even down can, to go to Sunday School and to the mother, too, had lost some, said to her, to President McKay and those who auxiliaries. But above all things, the "You knew the Prophet. What did you assist him. That is my witness to you,

whole family, if it is going to do what think of him?"This aged woman had in the name of Christ. Amen.

The Weak Will Confound the Strong

by Joseph L. Wirtblin

PRESIDING BISHOP

beloved brethren and sisters, I opportunity of attending great schools down, and the people there are anxious

all selected that ones because the therein. Lord blessings a the Smith that was Joseph mon I knowMywant to bear you my testimony or universities. He was one of the comto accept the restored gospel and enjoy

it possible to for be the purpose would Lord selected the knew by prophet God revelations In the to the Lord from establishof give assignments preparthe the him of and establishing Church the indicating Prophet, the to him work of teaching the the ing world for and second Church coming the ing the people that for dead, be should the done we as Christ the of gospel the Lord Jesus Christ. the Jesus are of of Paul, a statement reminded

it to to given mankind. to be about given revelation was was following The said, of apostle an Savior, he the when

the wherein Smith, the Prophet Joseph I of of great the the think missions

Lord said: Church in the world, some fortyfive of Else what shall they do which are bapif tized for the the at not dead, gospel dead rise is being preached the where

of the things world shall come them, weak The all? are for they then the baptized why nation, to kindred, tongue, every and the mighty and strong forth break and down (I Cor. 15:29.) dead? is It of people. encoursource a great... ones. (D & C 1:19.)

agement to everyone of us to know

The Church was established with a that the gospel is being taught to the This has been a question in the minds membership of six people, and in that people of the world, even in faroff of many individuals—something they

day it was thought by many it would Korea where ten years ago we very cannot understand. Paul understood

be only a short time until the Church seldom thought or dreamed that the it; that is the reason he asked that

would be destroyed, particularly after gospel would be taken to the Korean question. So, again,

the life of the Prophet had been taken. people. Yet, the people in Korea are

Today, the membership of the Church accepting it, and the Church is being The weak things of the world shall come break forth and down the mighty and of things the weak Some to established. indicating is approximately 1,375,000,

(Ibid., ones. strong 1:19.) are accepted, they being are there, but been weak the world that it may have

in the beginning of its establishment, and the mighty and great things among of strong the mighty ones and One to that people are being broken down of it has become but out the Church in the idea that the world has been people that the to an the end will come of the because strong powerful and people who accepted the gospel. understanding of the gospel. theof acceptingdead will thenot havegospelanofopportunitythe Lord

In connection therewith, the Book of, The same is true with reference to Jesus Christ, or all of the opportunities people. the Chinese Japanese and Price Pearl the of Great and Mormon We that, existed of in doubt, the days no Moyle, that D. Brother Henry know revelathrough to the given world were himself, visited Christ those he when past these spent time has still much there case, in tion, every may who and

be found in the thoughts of many the few months among the great people in people who had died and were held in weakness of things, but these weak South America, has done a great work prison because they were wicked durthings are becoming strong and going among the missionaries and has taught ing the days of Noah. So, there was

forth and breaking down the mighty the people the gospel of the Lord Jesus established, through the Prophet Joseph, and strong ones in the world. Christ. The strong and mighty things the temples. At the present time we

The Prophet Joseph never had the in South America are being broken (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 945 lives, and that there stands at the headJoseph L Wirthlin Continued of this great organization a prophet of this day, an apostle of the Lord Jesus

Christ, inare apostles other and who of to living children ten of sealings them.have Joseph, 208,209 The Prophet in carrying terested great work on this

recall, established a ordinances. parents, or temple of 974,708 a totalyou will

institution. in this great

in for wherein done work was Nauvoo for the the and dead work Through revelareceived Prophetthe dead. The many

living, for opportunities the the my for of tions blessing the help the and all sisters, of to PerStatement the Ordinances brethren The come and we particularly people, to reference with is all in as this the the compiled Temples,formed that Church knowledge of great of the The Wisdom. men Word Saltin indicates the that Christ Lake Temple, the been has Jesus which Lord little detriof of the the time knew time the ordinancesfrom to the temple given Prophet us through Joseph when of affect of tobacco, the use mental

folfor all reliving the of prophets the dead the and were have and who liquor, are that harmful, foods and but tovealed until the Prophet Smith him. Joseph lowed

it taught the Prophet and knew Joseph 31, 1955, 18,607,876 baptismsDecember scientists are people. great of to the consider teaching us Let what The we

for dead;have the been 15,848,297 done of toto in that partake conadvocate daughters our sons today and our

for the dead; 4,138,706endowments

is All of liquor good. their nection schoolwork. not bacco with and We sealsealings couples; of dead 8,198,061 institutes the teachings these through twentyseven and have came now

ofings children to parents; or a dead

first. brings seminaries. In This connection 387 Smith with Prophet Joseph

total of for ordinances 46,792,940 done these, schools our have that, to Church we the again thought us weak "The indicates dead. tothe This again us the College, Ricks Brigham UniYoung shall of forth the things world come oftruth of the the words Lord when versity, College, Business LDS McCune strong the break mighty and and down said,he for of the people School Music, and ones."

Islands, the the have down in we things of the world weak The shall come The Prophet Joseph declared: "I saw in school Hawaii, the Churchforth the break and mighty and Church down

strong ones. (Ibid., 1:9.) school in Samoa, the Church school in the Father and the Son, and I knew that

New Zealand, and then the Church God knew it, and I could not deny it,

We must come to the understanding schools in Colonia Juarez, Mexico. These neither dared I do it: at least I knew

that through the Prophet Joseph, the give the young people the opportunity that by so doing I would offend God temples have been established wherein to receive an education in connection and come under condemnation."(See

all blessings to acthethe of the dead have with and become Church may 2:25.) to was willing P of JS He G P, opportunities of gospel enthe beand quainted with the Lord which may

life give his truth for the when he up living. arejoyed Jesus Christ. by those who You now

"I to said world, the the Father saw I the opportunities ofand have same University Brigham came Young Son."the he it, and and They knew intogoing temples. the direction the through of Brigham

else say other dared not than anything

Also, apostle according a prophet. This an to the Young, and same Statement

of Ordinances Performed in all the past year, 195556, there were 9,502 that because to do so would bring him

Temples, as previously mentioned, young people attending this great under condemnation. The Prophet

56,649 baptisms have been done for Church school. Their testimonies have Joseph has given to us the gospel of the

the living; 478,711 endowments for the been strengthened. They know Joseph Lord Jesus Christ and has so told us

living; 231,139 sealings of living couples; Smith was a Prophet of God, that God that while in the eyes of the world tovTiK'XN T<i7s.TvTvSKTV>

their choices as others do. narrow But even as much o Jake Lyour Choice more things than others. Some men don't have to greatest as capacity are people of limited to how much

Richard L. Evans they can get around and how many lives they can

touch on intimate terms, and no man can be all

Tn these days of increasing complexity as more and things to all people—not even to himself. We can't

* more of many things are offered, paradoxically it be acceptable in all circles, in all kinds of company.

becomes more and more apparent that our choices At every instance we have to make a choice. Any

in life are limited. With a limited amount of money, profession we pick, any life we choose, any friends

we can't buy everything. With a limited amount of we favor, all mean some giving up of other things.

time, we can't be everything. Much as we wish it We can't play the whole field. We can't have the

were otherwise, whenever we decide to do one thing, whole world. This is one of life's great lessons, and

we decide, in fact, not to do other things. When we it is a momentous matter, this deciding of what we

choose to read some things, we are, in a measure, want to be, and being prepared to pay the price of is no such thing as success for the unable to read others. When we choose one type of being it—for there

entertainment, we must, in a measure, miss others. man who casts himself in all characters. In the

If a man has more than one talent, he is constantly limitless everlasting life ahead, there may be time faced with a decision as to which talent he wants and opportunity to be everything worth while that to give his time to. When lack of talent doesn't limit we want to be, but here and now, we have to take

his choice, lack of time does. No man can know all our choice. And learning to make intelligent choices

is one of the greatest lessons of life.* there is to know, not even in one profession—and

perhaps not even in one part of one profession.

Everything takes time. Even active friendship takes Jke Spokt WoJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

time; and when we choose to spend a day with some PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

people, we don't spend it with others. Some men SYSTEM, SEPTEMBER 30, 1956

can do more things than others. Some men can be *Revised. Copyright 1956

946 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA day there may be weak things in the gospel, yet as you and I and the world become acquainted with them, live them, and understand them, the time will come whereby these "weak things"will come forth and break down themighty and strong ones. "Think, Then Act Safely"

As a people living in Zion where we are close to the prophet, close to the apostles, and all of those who guide by Mark E. Petersen

and direct our affairs, we should realize that we must live the gospel of the Lord OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Jesus Christ in its fulness that we may be among those who might be called things of the world,""the weak birth find family a American by good help them with I am and Although lives thethrough kind of live make we I to live, stay or marriage, by with and Scotch them until am whom it possible to break down that which. Scandinavian by ancestry, and bethey found a decent job in decent ciris contrary to the gospel of the Lord cause of that I have a very keen apprecumstances with decent people.

JesusWe Christ.are all grateful that from the ciationheard todayof the frombeautifulthis musicScandinavianwe have thoseAndparentsI beganwouldto wonderthink whatif theysomeknewof

Prophet Joseph came also the establishchoir. I would like to thank them as what the police department knows about

ment of the Book of Mormon, and with one of their countrymen, once removed, some young people who come fromit the priesthood—the Melchizedek for the beautiful music they have rensmaller communities to these larger

Priesthood and the Aaronic Priesthood dered. I could not say thank you to centers, unaccompanied, unchaperoned,

whereby every man has the opportunity them in Danish nor in Swedish nor unprotected, entirely on their own.

to serve God as his servant and the Norweigian, but I can express some apYes, my mind did go back to that opportunity to show to the world by the preciation in four foreign words I have big sign in the paper mill, and I wished way we live here that we have the learned, two in Spanish, "mucho gusto,"that every parent of every boy and girl priesthood, we have all of the powers and two in German, "genz gut."who expects to leave home and go to

whereby there will come blessings to I was recently touring one of the a larger city would only "Think, then all the people in every land. large paper mills in the Pacific Northact safely."

I have a prayer in my heart that west, and as I stood by one of the I thought, too, of these young peosometime the day will come when our tremendous paper making machines, ple. Many of them had no idea what

missionaries will have the opportunity watching those whirring wheels and the they were getting into when they left to go into Russia and preach the gospel fastmoving belts and feeling the trehome and came to the larger centers.

of the Lord Jesus Christ to that people mendous heat that comes from those They had absolutely no idea. Some of

and say to them, "The weak things of baking ovens, I marveled at the remarkthem came with only three or four dolthe world shall come forth and break able safety record of that great mill. lars in their pockets and thought of

break down the mighty and strong Then I was told, and my eyes aftercourse the minute they landed here ones."We well know that in Russia wards confirmed, that a wonderful safety they would get a job and the three or

there are things, strong mighty and but girl a case one big in that carried program had was on dollars—in thatbefore people enjoy gospel the can six dollars or to three four so mill, very, personal very that few foursix—theof the Christ, Jesus of Lord that some first last their until they got injuries there. paysustained would were

mightiness and some of those strong As I stood by that giant paper making day, and then they would be on easy things must be broken down, that the machine, my eyes went up to the wall street, and everything would go fine.

Russian people can accept the gospel and there in a sign about six feet They would come to the larger city of the Lord Jesus Christ and enjoy all square, I read four words. The first and look for a cheap place in which

of the blessings. There are literally word was in great block letters and to live. Some of them were really

millions there who desire to know more occupied about half the sign, and uncheap, on Twentyfifth Street or on West about the Christ and be taught somederneath appeared the other three words. Second South, or down on Canal Street

thing about him. That opportunity will The sign said, "Think, then act safely."in another city. They could not afford

come to this people. The Church of I learned that that was the theme of much, so they would get into a roomthe Lord Jesus Christ has the priesthood, the safety program in that tremendous ing house of some kind and think they

the authority, and the direction from mill and that it represented the whole were on their own and then discover on high to preach the gospel to every idea behind the fact that few men get that they had walked into tragedy. Some

nation, kindred, tongue, and people. hurt there. of the young people, unfortunately,

May God bless every one of us that But as I stood there watching that macould not wait to leave their homes.

we will so live that the world will say chine go, and then glanced up at that They wanted to break away and get as an individual said who had the sign, "Think, then act safely,"my mind on their own, and they did not realize privilege of going through the beautiimmediately went to a problem which what it meant to cut loose from home, ful temple at Los Angeles: "This temple Brother Spencer W. Kimball and I face to get away from the protection of

is beautiful; it is marvelous; there is together, and which was coming to a Mother and Dad, and get into a strange

something about it that is different."focal point at that very time, because city. Although there are many good

And then she said, "The Mormon peoschool was letting out. It was the people in all these cities, there are others

ple have something."'This individual latter part of May, and I knew that it who are cold and grasping and predaacknowledges that the Mormon people would not be long until hundreds and tory, seeking innocent boys and girls

have something different, and we do hundreds of young people would be comto get them in their trap.

have something different. We have the ing to Salt Lake City and Ogden and My mind went to the bishops, to the

gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ; we have other centers, looking for jobs, looking stake presidents. I still wondered why

a prophet; we have the same organizafor places to stay, and some of them we have not responded more readily to

tion that existed in the days of Peter, getting into trouble. I thought first of the appeal of the First Presidency of the

James, and John. These are our blessall of the parents of those young people Church that you bishops, you counselors

ings; these are our opportunities; and and wondered exactly what they were in bishoprics, you members of stake

I humbly pray that the Lord will bless thinking about. Very, very few of the presidencies, and you parents cooperate

us, that the world will accept us and parents of those hundreds of young with the program instituted by the will say that we do indeed have the people ever thought of coming to Salt Presidency and headed by Elder Kimgospel of the Lord Jesus Christ. I Lake City or to Ogden or to Los Angeles ball in an effort to protect your young

pray this will be the blessing and the or to San Francisco with their boys and people as they come to these larger inspiration of each and every one of us, girls, some of whom were fifteen and cities. Will you not cooperate, will

in his holy name. Amen. sixteen and seventeen years of age, to (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 947 neck and pet. Do you want that?

Mark E. Petersen Continued What will be your response? Will you

realize, oh, youth of the Church, that you not help? If you parents cannot tion to take a smoke. Before you take anyone who attempts to pet with you

control your children and they must go that cigaret, will you weigh the conseattempts to make an indecent approach?

away, if instead of their being obedient quences, and ask yourself if it is the Petting is indecent and sinful, and the to you, you are more obedient to them, smoking crowd you want to go with, if person who attempts to pet with you is at least will you not go to your bishop it is the smoking crowd you want to himself both indecent and sinful and and talk about it, and then let the marry from? And will you remember is likewise lustful. The invitation to

machinery of the Church help you? that the cigaret is the first step to breakpet, remember, so often ends up in the

Will you "think, and then act safely"? ing down the standards and the barriers invitation to something worse. The

One of the big fears I have in conto sin. Do you want to let down the young people themselves call it, "going

nection with these young people coming bulwark, do you want to break down the all the way."Is that what you want?

to the larger centers is that so many of dam and let the flood in? Weigh all Will you not remember that in the

them actually want to break away from these things before you take the smoke. category of crime, God says sex sin is

home, cut the apron strings, so to speak. "Think, then act safely."next to murder? Do you want it? It

They feel that they are selfsufficient; And inevitably there will come the will bring broken hearts and remorse

they know it all; Mother and Dad are invitation to take a drink. Before you and misery all the days of your life

oldfashioned. This is a modern world, take the drink, think what alcohol does and only the most sincere repentance

and they want to be modern; they want to you. I am not just talking about the can ever wipe it out. But oh, how you

to live in a modern way. possibility of alcoholism. I am talking will suffer as many have suffered the

I ask the youth of the Church, do about the manner in which alcohol will remorse that accompanies such a terrible you really want that? Do you really rob you of your selfcontrol, destroy your sin as that.

want to cut loose from the protection of ability to think wisely, and put you in Oh, youth of the Church, oh, parents, home? Think of all that home means. the hands of unscrupulous men or oh, bishops, who have charge of the

Think of all the word mother means. women who will rob you of that which youth, and you MIA workers and Sunday

Think of the strong protecting power of is more precious than life itself. Do you School and Primary, you Relief Society

Dad. Think of all that home stands want that? Then before you take the mothers, will you all use the intelligence

for. And then think of the opposite. drink, really think it over, and then God has given you, will you think, act

.Think of the powers that are destructive act safely. safely, and live your religion?

of the home. And think of the powers If you travel with that kind of crowd, That is my humble prayer for us all,

that work contrary to the advice of there is going to be the invitation to in Jesus'name. Amen.

Mother and Dad and ask if that is what you want.

O youth of the Church, "think, then act safely."

One of the big difficulties about the young people who come on their own The Holy Ghost Testifies and have cut loose, escaped the apron strings, is that they then feel so free and in such a new life, they want also to cut loose from the Church. They do by Eldred G. Smith

not go to the meetings any more. They PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

go to other places and meet other people, and instead of Church friends, clean, fine friends, Latterday Saint they it is sisexpress, thrill before brothers you, the joy and the but come and pick friends side, of the of other up the

I ters, desire lights their that that sincere a faces with they up may when lower element.

it, all in faith interest in say joy your can that and an have I sincerity—a full in asked a was page A question I I this for time, take source. prayers other while from come no am

newspaper advertisement to which I sure that I need it. So, as this knowledge of the gospel

referred times, this have quesand many for of the of the to testimony things is one important most I wish add my tion like was: to live you would "How I to to gain, others those of gospel the of us times have heard many

in a there town where were I surety of for of no thisdivinity as well a the conference, Church, members know churches?"of the divinity of the gospel of Jesus investigators or nonmembers, ask theas

Young people, will you think of the Christ and that it has been restored in question, "How does one know? How

kind of folk there are in the nonchurch- this, the latter day. does one get a testimony of the gospel?"

going crowd? Think about them for a I enjoyed Brother [Adam S.] BenThe Lord has told us, and it has been

moment. Think of those who oppose nion's discussion of the converts in repeated here before in this conference:

the Church and refuse to go to church. Europe, which brought to my mind

Think of the kind of people they are many similar experiences I have through There is a law, irrevocably decreed in the of this before world, foundations heaven of kind wives and the and husbands to contacts the with converts Church.

all are blessings predicated upon which they of the have they kind and homes of that the things prominent he One blessings obtain from any And when we develop, also of think of kind the and thrill of told the joy us the was and it is to that God, obedience law by upon if Is children, have. any, they that the these people, missionaries young and it is predicated. which 130:20.) (D & C Is of life to that kind debe want? you in their servicemen, are growing who

sired above the beautiful cleanliness of testimony, that the testimony of the If we want the blessing of a testifine Latterday Saint homes? Is that to gospel is one of their choicest possessions mony of the gospel of Jesus Christ and

influence desired over the marvelous be of that brings things the and one just inare even if to know, so want we faithful of the youth of the Church? to joy them. come Those vestigators much to who and want which know

What kind of crowd are you going to my office, so often converts to the the gospel of Jesus Christ, then we haveis with? What kind of person will you Church, have repeated to me the same to find out what that law is and fulfil

marry? You will marry from the crowd stories that Brother Bennion repeated it.

you go with; and if you choose the nonthat life has just begun for them. Moroni gives us the key to that law.

churchgoing crowd, remember that is A husband and wife said that they As he was preparing the records which what you will get, and all it includes. felt that they had wasted fifteen years were given into his keeping, and he

Think, consider it carefully, and then of their married life, for now, since was finishing his part of them before act safely. they had joined the Church, they were putting them away for some future

And if you go with that other crowd, just beginning to live again. date—he knew not when it would it is not long until you get the invitaIt is not so much the words that they come—he wrote in his record:

948 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Behold, I would exhort you that when ye Spirit, then we receive that testimony that these things which he experienced shall read these things, if it be wisdom in by the Spirit. were true, by which he received a true

that ye read ye should would them,God last in of of the the knowledge Father and reminded were Thursday God We the merciful hath been Lordremember how this prior so in to that the Son, Christ that our temple meeting Jesus he knew of the creation the children fromunto men, is lived, lived, greatest that the conference the testimony that Father and andof that time the ye unto even down Adam testifies of that truly that the a vision, seen and which he comes had knew it things,shall receive in these ponder and your hearts. Spirit. We cannot always trust what as we have heard testified here today.

And when ye shall receive these things, we see and what we hear, but we can So I say, let us put ourselves in tune.

I would exhort you that ye would ask God, always trust that prompting of the If there are members in the Church who the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, Spirit that comes to us, which declares are uncertain, who are lacking in that if these things are not true; and if ye to us that which is truth; and by that strength of a testimony, ask, and ye shall

shall ask with a sincere heart, with real power we get our strength and testireceive, knock, and it shall be opened intent, having faith in Christ, he will mony of the gospel of Jesus Christ. unto you. If you will put yourself in

manifest the truth of it unto you, by the The Prophet Joseph Smith had to take tune that your spirit shall be in tune power of the Holy Ghost. that first step and ask for knowledge. with the Spirit of the Holy Ghost, then

And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye He read in James that if ye lack wisyou shall receive a knowledge of the may know the truth of all things. dom and shall ask, ye shall receive. He gospel of Jesus Christ.

is just thing whatsoever is good and And of blessings to heart took the of the the and with be Lord words James May thattrue; nothing wherefore, denieth is good all all, knelt into of trees that the grove that enjoy and went us may we

is. that Christ, acknowledgeth hethe but

for that able of to be the Spirit and asked he prompting knowledge which and is, the that ye power he by know And may assist received. as result the of that others a Prophet and knowlsaw There

exof Ghost; wherefore the I would Holy

I testified us, surely of heard, in the to given pray edge and to him it was name thathort the not power you ye deny of of this Spirit the Christ. that and Jesus was true Amen. for according power, worketh he byGod;

to the faith of the children of men, the same today and tomorrow, and forever.

(Moroni 10:3-7.)

Now he has given us two thoughts, primarily, in this record: first, "ask God, Sunday Morning, October 7, 1956

the Eternal Father, in the name of

Christ."And second he said, "... he

will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost. And

of the the yeby Ghost power Holy may Prophecy Fulfilled if all things."of truth the Soknow we

are going to find the law by which we may gain a knowledge, we have the key to it here; first, we must do someby Hugh B. Brown

thing ourselves, we must ask for it, and, ASSISTANT TO THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE second, then we will be given that through the Spirit.

In section eightynine there is anBRETHREN AND SISTERS, although as to some errors that have crept in assignface translation. this challenging throughother key. The promise that is given MY we

still But the semiannually, difference between us and ment wethere is:

it lies faith in in trepidaother and churches our anticipate approach with and all to saints remember "And who of fearful to believe be are proclamation humility. tion what deep we and We in sayings, these walkingkeep do and that important has the message most that depend upon sometime may we

toobedience the and commandments,"if to since lived this Christ earth that alone, ourselves come and know we us gives of promise a thethen Lord as that statement soundmen. should be would make our among words we We ".. find. shallhealth adds, and wisdom restoration that the believe because cymbals. tinkling brass ing we and

of treasures great knowledge, evenand I of introduced the I Jesus gospel anysay by that was cannot know Now treasures."89:1819.)hidden (D & C there therefore of personally, Christ to will and that thing be members new

If we will learn the law of obedience the Church. I cannot say anything could be no more important message.

first ourselves, step that takeand besaid times the that not has been many do say, we say, as we when Now will us give us that prompt andLord said, fore, better course of but and restoration there I that a divine has been knowledge through the Spirit. am encouraged by the announcement of the apostolic Church, with all of the

The Lord has said: "Ask, and it shall of the President that we are favored power and authority thereof, we are

be given you; seek, and ye shall find: this morning with the presence of many aware that it presupposes, and we deknock, and it shall he opened unto you."of our friends, both in the Tabernacle clare, that there was a need for a restora-

(Matt. 7:7.) If we do not seek, if we and in the radio and television audience, tion; that there had been an apostasy;

do not ask, if we do not knock, then we whom he has welcomed as our invited that during the middle and dark ages cannot receive that knowledge. guests. May I assume that some of you, there was spiritual stagnation. If it is

In cottage meetings and other gatherour brothers and sisters who are not in not true that there was an apostasy, ings where the gospel is proclaimed, the Church, might be interested in a then our declaration of a restoration is all do not receive it the same; yet the very brief review of some of the teachsuperficial and meaningless. If it is

same thing is taught to all. There are ings and practices of the Church of true that there has been a restoration,

some in the group who will apply that Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints which then all men everywhere should know law by which that blessing may be redistinguish it, for it is somewhat of it, for the gospel of the kingdom ceived, that of putting themselves in unique. must be preached to all the world.

tune with the Spirit, just like a large We are not Catholic, Protestant, nor The apostles and prophets predicted radio transmitting station. The Lord's Jewish, and yet this disclaimer should an apostasy, and great historians such

spirit is with us all. The gospel of not be taken to mean we are not Chrisas Mosheim and Eusebius record it as

Jesus Christ is being proclaimed, but tian. You who heard the powerful a fact. We are not alone among the

if we do not put ourselves in tune, we address of President Clark this morning churches in proclaiming a universal do not get the reception. If we do not will know that we are Christians, for apostasy. The Church of England

get the reception, it is not the fault of central to everything we believe and frankly sets it forth in the following the broadcasting station, it is the fault teach is our faith that Jesus is the Christ, words:

of the receiver, and we are the receiver; the Son of God. We are grateful for

we must put our spirit in tune. our JudeoChristian heritage, for the So that laity and clergy, learned and unThe soul is made up of body and Holy Bible which we accept without learned, all ages, sects, and degrees of men,

spirit, and as we get in tune with the reservation as the word of God, except (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 949 a

the to say power king had went on He all things, control then over andHugh B. Brown Continued and

he said, "Thou art this head of gold."

of Christenchildrenwomen, and whole first their of object to the make men insight, prophetic Daniel, with Then

... ". at in once have been drowned.dom first said,. seek search ye he when rise detail, in foresaw amazing and

... idolatry; the thatabominable by and {Ibid., the of 6:33.) God."kingdom fall of of nations the and the earth—thethe of eightspace years more. hundred and is of this believe the Dispensation great represented empire, Babylonian by We Peril Idolatry.) against (Homily of the of of the AposFulness which Times gold, of the the MedoPersian emhead

John Wesley, one of the founders of tle Paul spoke, pire, by the shoulders and arms of silver, brass, the the divided the Greek, by as followsMethodism, the on comments of fulness in the the dispensation That iron, of of the legs by kingdom Rome,early of spiritual decline and power the of in together times gather might he one feet toes represented and the and which gifts ofcessation divine the graces and all Christ, are in in things both which within the Church: heaven, and which are on earth; even in the divided kingdoms of Europe and

him: (Eph. 1:10.) the world, which would not cleave toIt does not appear that these extraordinary gether, and, said Daniel, "... in the

gifts of the Holy Spirit were common in the Now you, my friends, may think it days of these kings shall the God of

Church for more than two or three cenpresumptuous for us to claim that this heaven set up a kingdom, which...

turies. of after that hear seldom them We in all pieces shall break and consume is of the kingdom Church and Godfatal period the Constantine Emperor when shall stand for kingdoms, and it if be presumptuous and would we these

..called this himself a Christian.. From (Ibid., ever."2:44.) it, or said that had organized menit mentime totally they almost ceased, very few

instances of the kind being found. The were responsible for its restoration. That Is it presumptuous for us to say that

cause of this was not, as has been supposed, certain men were chosen and had part that prophecy has been literally fulbecause there was no more occasion for in it is true. But it is not presumptuous filled? Do you not think it likely that

them, because all the world was become to announce that the God of heaven has inasmuch as Daniel saw so accurately

Christians. This is a miserable mistake; set up his kingdom, for he did it purthe rise and fall of these kingdoms, each

not a twentieth part of it was then nominalsuant to divine decree, and in harmony in turn, that the latter part of his great ly Christian. of it real cause was that The apostles the with prophets fuldeclaration and also of prophetic what be must

all lovethe of Christians, almost somany, vision. in If old is holy filled? saw of the not kingdom Godcalled, cold. Christians waxed was The had

It said has history repeats that firmly been that then on the earth, we believe of spirit the of Christ the moreno than other heathens.... This was the real cause itself, but someone recently observed: that part of Daniel's vision will yet

why the extraordinary gifts of the Holy "We learn from history that we do not be fulfilled.

Ghost were no longer to be found in the learn from history."Christians have That it has been and is being fulfilled

Christian often Christians the the could wondered Jews how latter church—because in these declare. days humbly we

turnedwere again, heathens only and had rejected have Christ they had when friends, like to say should to you, our Wea dead form Wesley's left. (John Works, the been hoping praying through and is that that there a you know way may VII,Vol. 2627.) 89; centuries for the of the promised coming is false. or true say whether what we

Messiah. to us prayer Let add our "Thy ancient exParaphrasing prophet, an we Peter said time the would come when centuries kingdom hort that these things hear you come"—also old—who doctrine, not would enduremen sound

it petition reject that not we may when ask Father, the the in Eternal you God after their lustsbut they should own it comes. if is of Christ, Jesus say what name we untoheap themselves teachers having

is this believe that kingdom now if We true, faith, will in ask and he you ears.itching Apostle Paul The warned set in order will that of the up God it reveal of will truth the unto by youagainst intrusion of the falsehoods

it is in earth the in as be and might done is of the the Ghost. power Holy Thatsaid,

it is that to heaven, preparatory and of inspiration the a promise under made second of the coming Son of Spirit God. the of God to all who will hear That ye be not soon or the shaken in mind,

believe it is the kingdom which We to put it troubled, the test. and neitherbe nor by spirit, by word,

nor by letter as from us, as that the day of Daniel saw. All of you will remember Hundreds of thousands of people from

Christ is at hand. reading the story of the king of Babyalmost every country have put it to

Let no man deceive you by any means: lon, Nebuchadnezzar, who had a dream the test, and over a million and a quarfor that shall not except there day come, great a he in which a saw with image testify, ter of will his in each them own

first, falling acome that of away and man silof gold, shoulders head of and arms Eterthat did ask tongue, the they Godsin revealed, the of be perdition; son ver, legs brass, of iron, of feet body and things are Father nal these whether exalteth opposeth himself and above Who toes clay. iron of rewill and and You true, reveal truth that did the he and isall is that called that or God, worshipped;

his that the called king in wise member I of it sincereunto them. and humblyso that sitteth as he in the of temple God

God, shewing himself that he is God. men but could not get the interpretation ly declare to you that God has revealed

(II Thess. 2:2-4.) of his dream, that he sent for Daniel to me the truth of the prophet's declarawho, when asked if he could interpret the tion of the restoration of the gospel of

John, on the Isle of Patmos, beheld dream, said, "There is a God in heaven the Lord Jesus Christ, pursuant to John's the great dragon that should overcome that revealeth secrets, and maketh revelation when he said:

the Church, and that that dragon should known what shall be in the latter days."

have power in all nations, kindreds, and Then he said, And I saw another angel fly in the midst of everlasting the to heaven, gospel havingtongues. of All these prethings being

art king, for of kings: Thou, a king O preach unto that the earth, dwell on themdicted, and recorded the by now of histhe given kingthee hath heaven a God to nation, every kindred, and and andtorians, justifies at least in a measure strength, power, glory. dom, and and people, tongue, and

thatour statement following aposthat (Daniel 2:37.) Saying voice, with a loud Fear God, and

tasy there has a restoration. been glory for to give his of the hour him;

Perhaps you, our friends, ask what judgment is come. (Rev. 14:6-7.)

was restored that we did not have beFOR A NEW MOTHER, AT CHRISTMAS fore? but humbly, without equivoto the truth I bear witness Humbly We

cation, reply that the kingdom of the declaration of God By Ethel Jacobson of of the Church has been set up upon the earth, organTThus another mother lay Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints that ized under his divine guidance—the Once upon a starry morn that angel has flown; that Christ has

very kingdom for which you and ChrisLong ago and far away, appeared; that other heavenly beings

tians in all nations and climes have Comforting her firstborn. have visited the earth and restored the

been praying since Jesus first taught the In a stable born. priesthood; that the kingdom of God

Lord's to his apostles, Prayer is set that will the Savior up; and come of tears her joy simple the cenWere

oftral thought which this is, "Thy kingdom earth of kings reign as King and did mother's her eyes foresee to Or come."(Matt. 6:10.)'As she held the sleeping boy, and Lord of lords pursuant to promise,

We announce the organization of the Shadows long on Calvary, to which I testify humbly in the name kingdom which Jesus commanded all O long on Calvary? of Jesus Christ. Amen.

950 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA our own conscience, and allow all men the

or what they may. The Common Heritage same privilege, let them worship how, where, believe in being honest, true, chaste, We

benevolent, virtuous, and in doing good to passing of over some words lovely, virtuous, men—[and,there is anything allPaull—If

or of good report or praiseworthy, we seek We Have after these things.

We believe the Bible to be the word of by Richard L. Evans alsoGod believeas far astheitBookis translatedof Mormoncorrectly;to be thewe

word of God.

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE The Lord has had many peoples and has dealt with them under many conditions at many times in many places,

President McKay and my brethren to another day, and I would remind you even unto the present, and his similar and sisters, many thoughts and again that the word the Lord used dealings with others as with ancient themes have run through my mind concerning the Sabbath was "holy"Israel we accept as scripture.

during this conference, but I must ad- "to keep it holy.")

believe also in the eternal conmit that I am more aware this morning We of the marriage covenant, and are of not this those father at thy and who thy and Honour mother. tinuance moment

just not a that marriage dissolves. death of those in than Tabernacle, the here kill. shalt not Thou believe that sweetest the and most We is It likely only are. not quitewho shalt not adultery. Thou commit life things in are meaningful everlastlistening looking are that those and who steal. not Thou shalt ing. times, outside but us outnumber many

shalt false not witness. bear Thou

are also not that those all in believe members accept truth, who and We... shalt covet. not Thou of of LatChrist of the Jesus believe in for Church the search truth, and

terday Saints greatly outnumber those through the inspiration of Almighty for grateful these things in com- I am principally are, these is with and it the searching throughwho God and and grateful respect mon, and for a I am at this time. that I speak seeking of earnest in mind honest and men.

for sincere all the I have of convictions (I am aware, too, somewhat, of the men, and the respect other men have for Now, it should not seem a thing "World Series,"unfortunately, and I our sincere convictions. strange that there are certain require-

I little, feel as the Ancient think, a ments and ordiand commandments I like to should share quickly with you felt tried that nances he haveMariner or must accepted be when must adhered briefly things other and that some we all, to. all guest. life, After detain theto in In things wedding in physical the in would hope have common, men

to are innings inthere spiritual nine come, and world the and world, there as to subscribe which would we memof likely are there only causes can be one two consequences. of and Some of bers the of Christ of Jesus Church will results. stay with to faith. hope them you accept have we on Even We Saints, Latterday of are some which

little those longer.) are fact,us a which demonstrated we in incorporated Articles of Faith our

to in faith, have part accept because on I for of the grateful conviction of a and elsewhere. some appear which am

all not the do of things. we know "why"in things have this audience common. The men being morningmany what not do of know atoms two why We is, it of of heritage, so our I these outside walls, likeSo much should much

one. hydrogen of and oxygen make that of belief, so sobasic to read of these Articles of much Faith: much some

water, do. but they we know The life, in inmatters comhave most we

is shall "why"something learn we believe in the Eternal God, Father, of greatest things We themon. among And

later. arid in son, His Christ, Jesus in the and is relationship in our have commonwe

to the God and Father of us all, who Holy Ghost. We do not know "why"the necessity

made us in his image and whose chilWe believe that men will be punished for baptism and all the o.ther ordinances

for their own sins, and not for Adam's I all gratethis are. Fordren under the hands we am

transgression.

Iful. authority. for grateful also love the I am We acceptof thosethemhavingon divinefaith,

have in my heart for mankind. (Each of these is tempting to elaboin full faith.

I should like to share with you, in rate. Each one might well be the We believe in continuous revelation.

quick review, another thing we have subject of a sermon.) The Lord God has not told us all he

in common, often overlooked, not alknows, but he has told us much more believe that through the of Atonement We live of than to. use andways we commandments up observed—the

all Christ, saved, be mankind by may first I like should back to goGod—and in believe all the of acceptance to We obedience the laws of ordinances and quicklyto and the Ten Commandments all truth, I theory. not but the spent have Gospel.

text, fullcite in in full them, not but life in a years in good acamany my first believe that the principles and Wemeaning:

I walls. demic a respect have profound of first, ordinances the are: Gospel Faith in

the Lord Jesus Christ; second, Repentance; for scholars and scholarship and science

before other shalt gods me. have noThou third, for reBaptism by immersion the scientists, ablest and the among whom shalt graven thee not any untoThou make sins; of mission fourth, of Laying on hands first be to the would their that admit image. for gift the of the Ghost. Holy still findings in are flux, that there and of shalt take the Lord, not theThou name

believe in the organization that same is We infinitely yet to discovered. be much in vain. thy God,

existed in the viz., Primitive Church, aposit holy. the to keep sabbathRemember day faith, Patience, virtue, humility, and tles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists,

etc. a neverceasing search, and living and

(I wish all of you present and all of keeping the commandments of God, last air could on the have heardyou it others, are (There are required of all and I will not take should of us—and Presidentevening, statement McKay's all.) time to read not strange that seem a thing them the Lord

concerning the Sabbath day. I would God has requirements and prescribed

all believe that revealed, has God to We particularize at this wishnot as time just ways, that and that any way men all that reveal, does believe now He and we Israel, in todid ancient they as what will choose to lead not the highest that will reveal yet great He and many or shouldone the should not do on blessings that give. can Those God important things pertaining to the KingSabbath day, but I am sure that there dom of God. who wish to realize limitless opportuniare many activities and events, public, We claim the privilege of worshiping ties and exaltation and happiness here

and private, that ought to be deferred Almighty God according to the dictates of and hereafter in the fullest possible

DECEMBER 1956 951 Richard L Evans Cont inuec spoken,restorationas toof thethe gospelgloriousof eventsJesus Christ,of the as to the way of life and salvation, and measure must live according to his May I share with you a statement the divine reality of our Savior, who commandments, according to his prefrom an eminent and able New England came to earth not to condemn but to scribed way in the fullest possible way. scholar, a statement written to me in save us.

Truth is not always convenient. The a letter just a few days ago by Dr. Our Father in heaven is not an umcommandments of God are not always Henry Beston: pire who is trying to count us out. He

convenient. They do not bend them- "Never bind life in the cords of an is not a competitor who is trying to

selves to our convenience. Truth does unintelligent skepticism. Unintelligent outsmart us. He is not a prosecutor

not adapt itself to what we wish it were. credulity can be dangerous, but an unwho is trying to convict us. He is a

We had better adapt our lives to what intelligent skepticism locks the doors of Loving Father who wants our happiness it is. We had better adapt our lives to the mind."and eternal progress and everlasting opthe commandments of God, whether We can rationalize away almost anyportunity and glorious accomplishment,

they are convenient or not. thing, anything ever said, anything that and who will help us all he can if we

Patience, faith, conforming our lives ever happened, anything ever written will but give him, in our lives, the to truth, the keeping of the commandor spoken. But we cannot rationalize opportunity to do so with obedience and

ments, trust in the eternal future—the away the witness of the Spirit unto our humility and faith and patience.

that assurance the souls, most meaningful brings which knowledge more everlasting, things in life are and a the things sure than can touch, and God help us to live to have his help, we patient search and seizing upon what see, and feel. That witness I leave with that these things which he has in store

the soul and the spirit with its imprint you this day as to the reality of those for his children, all of whom we are, upon the soul tells us to be truth things of which Brother Hugh B. Brown may be ours, I pray in the name of

these are required of us. and President Clark have previously Jesus Christ. Amen.

Testimony of the Restoration

by Bruce R. McConkie

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Thisand morningtrue witnesswe bornehave byheardtheseferventgreat afterFor ourinstance:Lord hadYouorganizedwill recalland thatset 3:1921.)holy prophets since the world began. (Acts

in this stood have his in who men the of Meridian pulpit up Church Time, is say, to first That the between and the truths about fundamental after on which his he ministered aposhad among second of comings there our Lord, was stand. tles, witness have heard hiswe brethren, for forty of period a We to in era earth's be an the history which of divine the of borne mission Christ his all days resurrection, following after

was of "the times restitution named of incithe Lord, of glorious things our era, things established for that were and all things,"it, as or express would we to the restoration dent gospel, of the the on occasion to he when was ascend in upto-date more language, era the or of the of establishment and the kingin glory his to Father, he asked the was or period of restoration. age of in earth day. on our Goddom question: wilt "Lord, at this thou time

it will recall that You Paul was who restore with again as these brethren, the Along wit- a to Israel?"kingdom said in that the Dispensation of the of ness will things, these recall for you that replied, And "It a knowing he of all Fulness things Times be would is I I for surety of not the to tfuth say, of bear you the what times or the know gathered in together in Christ, one both seasons, witness testimony and that the record and which Father in hath put things in are which heaven on and his this has in spoken that power."day; 1:6-7.) (ActsGod our own But then earth. (See 1:10.) Eph. the sent his he heavens witnesses have been that to the opened; declare the glad will recall the You that Elder words tidings fulness of the of gospel salvation has for given all been that era to B. Hugh to Brown that us quoted an again to the world. earth; that angels on men have angelic fly ministrant should throughministered the from of presence the In other words, those brethren knew the of midst in latter heaven the days that Lord; the and of the kingdom God, in that a day to subsequent that which to bring the everlasting gospel to men of of Christ JesusChurch Latterday in then was, a period after TestaNew earth. on 14:6-7.) (See Rev.

is Saints, in here literal the most and times, the ment promises, glorious promillustrations; not multiply need We real sense. ises to Israel, fulfilled. to made were be so. easily could are do multiThere we

Now, this is a startling, a dramatic, a You will recall that all of the prophets tudes and multitudes of scriptures which marvelous announcement and claim to in ancient Israel spoke and wrote at tell the events that are to transpire in our make. Perhaps it staggers the imaginagreat length about the latter days and day, and so far as we can learn, no one

tion of people who have not been the restoration of the kingdom to Israel. else ever claimed revealed knowledge of

schooled in the revelations. You will recall that early in his mintheir fulfilment; no one else ever came

Permit me to remind you that the istry, when Peter was speaking to those professing to know of the fulfilment of ancient revelations speak in great meason whose hands the blood of Christ the prophecies of old, relative to the ure, at extended length, about the was found, he said these very expressive setting up of the kingdom of God in glorious things that are to occur in the words: the last days.

latterdays, in the era of restoration. I We have this witness in our hearts,

think there is no single subject covered Repent ye therefore, and be converted, a witness borne of the Spirit, that these sins that out, your blotted be may when asin the extensively, ancient revelations things in have our occurred; day and

of the refreshing shall times the from come revelaexceptingnot the even is many believe firmly that most the Lord we of presence the Lord;tions of divine the mission about our of respecter persons, no which means shall Christ, he Jesus send And which

is asLord, general the of subject the will that give the to he Holy any Ghost before preached you: please unto was [now

great era of restoration, the period when note] living soul who will abide the law enGod will gather all things in one and Whom the heaven must receive until titling him to receive revelations thereconsummate his glorious work in the the times of restitution of all things, which from, and that member of the Godhead latter days. God hath spoken by the mouth of all his (Continued on page 953)

952 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

: mmmmsism (III

.. Ejpma at CdriUmas

Your gift of a Holy Bible at Christmas truly conveys the special message of this great day. THE HOLY B1BWE

More than any other gift, the Bible belongs to AUTHORIZED KING JAMES VERSION

Christmas. And in these glorious World Bibles

—printed on the loveliest of all India papers,

World IndoText—you will find beauty and dignity in keeping with the tradition of our Christian heritage. Among World's many editions,

all in the beloved King James Version, there is an appropriate Bible for anyone on your Christmas list. Available

wherever books are sold.

GIFT WRAPPINGS BY HALLMARK

A FAMILY GIFT—The MasterArt Edition, a complete family reference

Bible, is bound in genuine handgrained morocco, leatherlined, for generations of use. Covers are goldstamped, pages goldedged. Illustrations

and maps in full color, 525 pages of reference supplements to aid in family reading and study, and in Sunday School work. ThumbIndexed.

Gift boxed No. 284 7-I (above)—$15.00

FOR A CHILD ON YOUR LISTWhat a wonderful first Bible! The

Rainbow Bible is bound in sturdy cloth

FOR ONE WHO TRAVELSMar- FOR PERSONAL OR FAMILY USE with a glowing fullcolor painting reprovelously slim and compact, this is the—Colorful new illustrations, new, larger, duced on the covers. 8 pages of illumiperfect Bible to slip easily into a suitmore legible, selfpronouncing type, nated Spiritual Memory Gems, decorated

case (or a pocket). Beautifully bound in new upto-date maps, and newlyrevised endpapers featuring the Lord's Prayer

Concordance make this Bible a superlaand the 23rd Psalm, and 5 beautiful black genuine handgrained morocco, tive gift at a modest price. Red Letter fullcolor illustrations. Gift boxed.

leatherlined. Cover stamping and page Edition. Bound in black Leathertex, giltNo. 603- $2.50

edges are gold. 2 silk marker ribbons. stamped, red edges. No. 230C—$2.50

in clear, type.Printed selfpronouncing

the leather, page Black Turn goldstamped, genuine

..Presentation Page No. 615—$7.50

silk gold edges, ribbon. marker Bibles.. more gift I for

. Edition No. 655Red Letter -$7.75 No. 232C$5.00

THE world publishing company. Bible Publishers to America Cleveland 2, OHIO

..

.

lz,tyeda(fy at Cftristryas.

An appropriate gift for any occasion, the Holy Bible has special meaning at Christmas. It conTHEAUTHORIZEDHOLYKING JAMESBIBLEVERSION

veys, as nothing else can, the true significance and universal promise of this great day.

Here, and on the reverse side of this page, you will find a representative group of beautiful

World Bibles, all printed on World IndoText, the loveliest of all India papers. Among World's

many editions in the beloved King James

Version, there is an appropriate Bible for anyone on your Christmas list. Available

wherever books are sold.

A SUPERB PERSONAL GIFTThfs magnificent Bible is bound in brilliant red handgrained morocco, lined with red leather, with goldstamped covers and gold edges. Many

useful reference supplements, including Concordance,

Geographical Index, maps. Two silk marker ribbons.

Gift boxed. No. II40C (above)—$10.00

Red Letter Edition. No. 1114C—$10.25

In black morocco.. No. 112lC—$10.OO

Red Letter Edition. No. llOlC—$10.25

&M /

><S/ TOHere,DELIGHTin gleaming,AsnowwhiteYOUNG LADYLeather-

FOR A YOUNG BIBLE READERFOR OLDER READERS (and anyone tex, is the same new Bible described at

One of World's newest Bibles, comwho prefers extralarge type)—Large, the far left (231CZ). The new fullcolor

pletely reset in legible, selfpronouncing clear type, wellspaced, makes this Bible maps are by a worldfamous cartogratype. Newly revised Concordance, new particularly easy to read. Contents inpher, and the beautiful new illustrations

fullcolor maps, and new fullcolor clude Geographical Index and 16 maps by a renowned religious artist. Like the

illustrations. Red Letter Edition. Zipper and four illustrations in color. Black gen231CZ, this is a Red Letter Edition.

closure. Gift boxed. Black Leathertex. uine leather, gold -stamped cover, gold Zipper closure. Gift boxed.

... Turn the page No. 714—$9.00

for more gift Bibles the world publishing comrany Bible Publishers to America Cleveland 2, Ohio

Bruce R. McConkie Continued

will bear record to him of the divinity of Christ his Son and of this great latterthat established.day has been work

the know, from beginning, from Prayer in America's You the days of the Prophet Joseph to this moment, the men who have been living oracles, witnesses of the truth of these things, have been sound, stable, great, History intelligent, competent men. We have

not been led by people who are unstable or fanatical or unbalanced in any sense of the word. We have had men who by Ezra Taft Benson

have been educators and bankers, presidents of insurance companies, people OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE who have sat in the halls of Congress and in Cabinets with Presidents, the most stable, mature, and sensible men, "Y BRETHREN AND SISTERS AND FRIENDS, walks of life, expressing their feelings industrialists and otherwise, that anyboth seen and unseen: Humbly and indicating that their prayers are

one could expect to find. and prayerfully I stand before you being offered. Now it would seem to me that when Vthis Sabbath day. I have prayed ferventOnly recently I was speaking at a great

highest, of caliber the soundestmen I to dinner the have say meeting meeting power might ly that in Chicago—a

living oracles, the the PresidencyI mean is friendly. heart, in not wholly our Just and what to an audience what my

andnow—standthe Twelve,up as fromwe havethe heardbeginningit doneto FatherIt is ingoodheavento comewouldhome.have Forme say.one whisperedbefore I wasoverto myspeakshouldera coloredandwaitersaid,

here this morning, and bear fervent witwho is on temporary leave from his "Mr. Secretary, would it be helpful to

ness to the divinity of these things, and official duties in the Church, and who you before you speak to know that thoucertify that they know as they know misses very greatly the daily and weekly sands of people throughout America are that they live, that God has spoken in intimate contacts with the Church and praying for you tonight."

itthis day, that to seems person any me its visits stakes to the and program—the

Iin the rare spiritual inclinanot world what by methods has know who is to doubly be good home; missions—it

I this prayer. answers But know:tion God stay to ought himself wonder, and to through the one and went who

his that he given has word I know willing be toand insearch and make I six experience through which went is tells prayer always heard Which mequiry, find these and glorious whether it is triply to ago, months be good home. late will or be answered soon And true,and things are marvelous or I to in here conference attend was I pray, wait. so calmly and And

not. are theywhether April. of early the In hours morning I if blessings not the sought know

I tell it a had man came me how to the the conference day I was when just in the thought, Will come way thatabout to he was converted of of official prayers the press with alone But leave him my the open—because

later in his sixty. years,Church past is will wiser own; for than Whose to necessary became my me duty—it

said will that Assured quest that grant he he chanced to beHe on my Temlike East. to return leave and I would

ple Square. He walked into this buildsay, President McKay, if you should ever Or send some answer far more blessed.

ing when President J. Reuben Clark want to test the faith of the Latterday Eliza M. Hickok

civic addressing awas organization on live Saints eastern the seaboard on who It is brothers testimony, and my my civic politicala or subject. the end At just as send conference the them home sisters friends, that does hear and God talk, his thisof told President me, man is I I to open. ready never hope have

I prayers. never answer have and in said IClark substance, "Now, am to that repeat performance.

fact. at that doubted childhood, From togoing bear testimony you about I my felt in heart, have brethren my my

I first learned mother's knee where my theJoseph restoration Smith and of the I sisters, like that to and would as say to pray; teens; a in young man mygospel,"did which he with the power just regarding a principle a simple word

as in foreign lands; as a missionary athat equal. few can convert then The of I'd practice also and the Church.

father; as leader; as a govern- a Churchsaid, "I of never before had heard Joseph like to express regarding testimony my

I official, ment queswithout any know ISmith, did but know Reuben who J. of that the principle simple power and

it is tion possible for that and men I ifClark was, figured that and a man practice, also gratitude express and my to in reach humility out and womenof tell caliber that in the would me for influence the that principle which prayer to that tap and Power; Unseensincerity this with spoke that he which life practice in has and had the and my prayers have answered. not does Mangreat I available, truth that was ought I lives of those associate love and whom least, at alone, or stand need not heto find inquiry out,"and make and he with.

alone. stand will doors; Prayer openinvestigated joined the and Church. I of prayer. speak

will barriers; prayer will prayer remove is sensible attitude. a veryThat I express to gratitude brethren my my pressures; ease prayer give will inner

of these for great the Authorities their General conwhat To have men who of peace strain during comfort and times this I in stant said, prayers asspoken behalf, have they morning add my stress difficulty. and and Thank God in the personal gather east the to of testimony, assurtemple anmy own us for prayer.

Spirit, ofance the born weekly, altar in aroundthe sacred assurance that an coming when the Holy Ghost, the Spirit glorious temple. I express my gratitude I am very grateful today that prayer

of the Lord, which has spoken to the and thanksgiving for the prayers offered has played such an important part in spirit which is within me, conveying in my behalf in the stake conferences the establishment of this great nation.

truth with unshakable certainty. I add and the other meetings throughout the To every Latterday Saint this nation

my witness that God Almighty has Church. I express gratitude for the has a prophetic history. Ancient Ameropened the heavens in our day; that all prayers and the faith of my devoted wife ican prophets predicted the coming forth

of the laws and principles which comand children, who have complete faith of this nation and the establishment prise the gospel of salvation are here in this glorious principle. of the Constitution of this land. You

again; that legal administrators stand at I express also my thanks for men and can read in that sacred volume, the Book

the head of the kingdom of God on women, individuals in and out of the of Mormon, prophecies made centuries earth; and that for all who will hearken Church throughout this great land, and before this nation was established reand believe and conform to these prinin foreign lands, who have expressed garding the coming of Columbus and

ciples there is peace and joy in this life their faith with their prayers in my the Pilgrim fathers. Ancient prophets

and a hope of eternal reward hereafter. behalf. Hundreds and thousands of letsaid these would humble themselves

In the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. ters have come in from people in all (Continued on following page)

DECEMBER 1956 953 Ezra Taft Benson Continued ordentthreeof yearsthe agoUnitednow, Stateswhen theissuedPresi-a proclamation for a day of prayer. It

before the Lord. I have always been same faith, that same reliance on divine was not the first time it has been done

very grateful in reading the official recaid and assistance, as was needed at that in this great country, and I hope it will ords to find that they did humble themConstitutional Convention. I am very not be the last time. I am glad it has

selves before the Lord; that their first grateful that they established and wrote been done again this year. Then as is

official act in coming to these shores was into their documents—their basic docuthe custom, as the head of one of the

it was myto go on to their knees in humble gratiments—a recognition of their dependdepartments of government,

tude and thanksgiving to the Lord. ence upon the Almighty; that they responsibility, I felt, to send a memoThe Founding Fathers, in order that stamped on their coins the slogan, "In randum to the heads of the twenty

their new experiment make sense, had God We Trust."agencies in the Department of Agrito turn to religion, had to turn to the Does it not inspire you, as it does me, culture, and to the employees, referring

scriptures, had to turn to the prophecies, when you go back through the history to the presidential proclamation in the Decalogue, the Sermon on the of this land and try to envision in your which we were asked to devote a day

Mount. Then when the time came for mind Washington at Valley Forge, durto giving of thanks for blessings rethe establishment of the Constitution, ing that terrible winter, on bended knees ceived, and to beseech God to strengthen

and when the time came for them to in the snow imploring divine guidance? us in our efforts toward a peaceful

issue their Declaration of Independence, Does it not thrill you as you see Abraworld. And so, this memorandum was

a sacred document issued in white heat ham Lincoln during the crucial days of sent out, from which I read just one or on the anvil of defiance, they appealed the Civil War driven to his knees in two sentences:

at the opening both Almighty, of prayer theto to the Almighty, and to hear him

President's proclamaIn keeping with the closing. at its say,that They and document of tion, of the Department all members

of truths. spoke of eternalspoke They their to Agriculture requested are plan work

is It of this rules world. the duty God their are fact by thatthe endowed men the reserve time schedules between and

their of to well as as nations own men rights, inalienable certainCreator free with a.m. 11:45 11:30 ap- a.m. from and

of overruling the power dependence upon all in so so interference spoke that pointments President Clark andabout which transgressions sins their confess to and God, this offices utilize their respective time may last evening.beautifully

.. to recognize the sorrow in and humble Facilities are prayer. for meditation and close of at the document the are Then, only truth that.those nations sublime as for whole the a inadequate Department

is the Lord. blessed said, whosethey God feel, that therefore, to together. meet We

... with a firm reliance on Divine It is my plea today, my brethren and inasideadditionduring tothethisday,briefall periodshould ofbe timeencourset

to each pledge mutuallyProvidence we parof the priesthood their petition in and aged to homes God other sisters—men sacred fortunes, ourour lives, and our influence our use their and ones we both loved morning as with ticularly—thathonor. forof for citizens clemency, the guidance, evening as and and American citizens,

kingdom of God, as men who have faith giveness.

And even in the formulation of the in prayer, faith in God, that we will

Constitution, which was done slowly encourage our leaders, national, state, I was not only pleased, but I was also and painfully, wrought on the forge of local, and civic leaders to take an interdelighted with the response that came national necessity, prayer played an imest in this matter of encouraging our from the employees of that great departportant part. There at the Constitupeople in this blessed land to bow themment. I have before me a typical little

tional Convention, when it seemed as if selves before the Almighty in prayer. I note that went to the head of one of

their efforts were to fall flat and to think there would be great safety in a these agencies from one of the men apbe of no avail, one of those whom the nation on its knees. What assurance it pointed in charge of one of the groups.

God of heaven had raised up unto this would give of the blessings of the Al- I would like to read it to you as an very purpose, to help establish the Conmighty if the American people could all evidence of the fact that people do refor leadership to which calls of thisstitution you can read spond morning and land—and be found daily—night their deto recognize and 101 of the Doctrine andof it in Section women for men gratitude expressing their knees on

Covenants, in a revelation given to the blessings already received, and acknowlpendence upon the Almighty, and toProphet Joseph—one of these Founding edging their dependence upon the Alhumble themselves before him. This is

Fathers, Benjamin Franklin, his head mighty and seeking for his divine the note:

gray with age, about the oldest in the direction.

to Secretary In response Benson's memexperienced the possibly mostgroup, and pracencourage that I hope we may President of September orandum 20 about is to lot, reported of thestatesman have tice service clubs, in schools, in our our for Eisenhower's of proclamation a day uttered convention and in thestood up prayer, of farmers, meetings Forest of our approximately 100 businessmen, and these words: professional men. I have been pleased Service family met in the conference room

to 11:30 11:45 a.m. from on Wednesday, I is see to a think turn toward what an of the In beginning the contest with 22. division in the Every September Washinterest of reincrease in prayer in and Britain, sensibleGreat of were we when office ington represented the meswas from

I ligion. very to inpleased find was an this dailydanger, in prayers had we room senger up. rooms

creasing of prayer in sir, groups thefor protection. divine number prayers, Our

I Secretary's the read which memorandum graciouslywere they of heard were anStates, and the Congress United where is itself of spiritual a in encouragemessage

Iswered. lived time a long have... and politiof of that opposite body, members inspiration. read K. and Williams ment W. I livethe longer the proofs convincing more faith, cal could together weekly come of a a prayer Hoover, copy by Edgar which J.I of this see governs the God truth—that in prayer unite petition and humble and is attached. closed with meeting was Theaffairs of men. to Almighty. the oral prayers Williams both Mr. and by

And the old statesman continued, denceI am ofpleasedthe practiceto find theof increasingprayer in evithe myself.Following the meeting and continuing

there through today been have numerous executive of the branch government. fall If to the a sparrow cannot ground

calls of telephone expressions personal and I testify to blessings the prayer has which it is notice, possible Hiswithout an this satisfaction for over opportunity the to of rise the brought cabinet aid? the meetings can without His haveempire Wethat Service join to Forest Presifamily with the

sir, writings assured, that sacred in thebeen to staff President meetings. and own my leaders dent, other national Mr. Benson and the laborexcept builds house a they Lord is it, I for think there a brethneed my this for of in period peaceprayer a more

it. I this, believe firmlyin build vain who sisters, ren throughout governour and ful world.

I this also conferbelieve that withoutand his divine ment. help Without we

political thisring shall aid in succeed we succeed. cannot his help we With I sisters, Brethren convinced and am ofbuilding better builders the no than

fail. cannot of in heart spectacle that a theBabel. my

May I mention a simple little experination praying is more aweinspiring,

It is my belief today, my brethren and ence that came to my personal attenmore powerful, than the explosion of an sisters, that we need as a nation that tion some time ago. I think it was two atomic bomb. The force of prayer is

954 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA greater than any possible combination anything else is oldfashioned family flocks, over our herds, over our fields, to of mancontrolled powers because, as prayer."seek him daily.

J. Edgar Hoover has so well said, prayer Thank God for prayer! Yes, my brethren and sisters, there is

is man's greatest means of tapping the In closing may I quote from one or power in prayer. All things are possible

resources of God. two of the scriptures because the scripthrough prayer. It was through prayer

I am pleased that this nation, on tures are replete with admonitions and that the heavens were opened in this several occasions, has appealed to the direction to God's children to pray. Of dispensation. The prayer of a boy

United Nations to open the General course, Christ set the allimportant exfourteen years of age, in the Sacred

Assemblies with an appeal to the Alample. Grove, opened a new gospel dispensation, of forth vision the a brought and re- I only pleased thatmighty. am

people, are called by which If my my as appeared the Son, as they Father and in that representative body,cently our shall pray, themselves, and name, humble glorified before the boy, beings heavenly to Presidentreferred some by McKay face, their seek turn from and and my Joseph. ago, Cabot Henry Ambassadormonths I will heaven, ways; wicked then from hear

Lodge, Jr., wrote a letter to the seventyand will forgive their sin, and will heal their God help us to pray. In the words of

five members of the United Nations apland. (II Chron. 7:14.) Alrria, I close:

pealing to them to open those meetings with an appeal to the Almighty; that So said our Heavenly Father to anCounsel with the Lord in all thy doings,

direct for yea, will thee good; he and when call Israel, cient sure that repchurches representative and of the I amsome

lie liest at the night unto is thou down down I ask repeated today. their to us you, in invited there whenresented be own

in your that over Lord, he watch you may to to volsacred that prayer. go turn Senator you in Lodge lead towords risest sleep; in the thbu and morning when

of all American invited to volume appeal them the ume andmade full of home,scripture—that heart thanks be let thy unto God;to join him in this petition. Senator of scripture, if you will—the Book of and if ye do these things, ye shall be lifted

Lodge said: Mormon, and read the words of Amuup at the last day. (Alma 37:37.)

lek, in the thirtyfourth chapter of

I do so in the conviction that we cannot Alma, in which he calls upon us to God grant that we may so live and so make the United Nations into a successful humble ourselves and continue in prayer pray, that we may be lifted up at the

God's without of peace God's to Almighty. us the to last day, I humbly pray in the name of He admonishes cannot help that His we withinstrumenthelp—and cry families, over Christ. our unto Jesus him over our Amen. for that I propose we ask endfail. To this

that help.

There is probably no single thing that the will so move which Nations can doUnited the Sunday Afternoon, October 7, 1956 of around people millionsand touch world and will give them such confidence in the United Nations.

I was pleased, my brethren and sisReport on ters, as I read the report of the April conference and the remarks by Elder

Mark E. Petersen, speaking as directed

by the First Presidency, in announcing posters and series ofthe new Church South American Missions of particularly our benefit for thecards young people, to note that one of them was going to be devoted to prayer. I by Henry D. Moyle

wish there were time this morning to read the account of this particular card OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE and poster on prayer. One will show

the picture of George Washington, Abraham Lincoln, and President Eisenhower Y BRETHREN AND SISTERS, I Call ask of Elder Mark E. Petersen some eighteen

in the background, and then in the for nothing more than to have that months preceding my visit.

foreground a family group. At the top same spirit here with me today I am here to bear witness to you todaywe will read: "Great Men Pray,"and Mthat I enjoyed as I undertook to fulfil that those impressions which I received

again at the bottom: "Be Honest with my assignment to visit the missions of upon that occasion have in part fulfilled

Yourself."South America this past summer. themselves already. In that great land

Then that lovely sidepiece of explana- I had no sooner set foot upon that of Brazil we are forging ahead with our tion, which is an inspiration, and which great continent than I had an opporconversions and our baptisms far more

I wish every American could read, yes, tunity to meet with a group of wonderrapidly than we have ever done before every person in the world, regarding the ful elders in the great city of Rio de in the history of that mission. When I

benefits and the blessings of prayer. Janeiro. Conditions that day were not first arrived and made that prediction,

Brethren and sisters, I would like to as favorable as they might have been President Sorensen and his elders had see this nation on its knees in humble for the making of a good impression. hopes of three hundred baptisms this

prayer. A few months ago I received a I was inclined to be just a little disyear. They have exceeded that mark,

lovely poster from Conrad W. Hilton couraged. However an impression came and now hope for five hundred.

of hotel fame. This poster showed Unover me when I stood up to address There has been a change in the feelcle Sam in his red, white, and blue unithose ciders that there was a spiritual ing, the attitude of the missionaries.

form on his knees, praying to the Alawakening in process in South America; They sense, as they have never sensed

mighty. Then the caption: "America that the elders who were then working before, that they are part of a great

on its knees... not beaten there by the there would, during the short term of movement that is marching on to achammer and sickle, but freely, intellitheir mission, become conscious of this complish its great purpose among 54

gently, responsibly, confidently, powerawakening; and that it would bring a million people who live in Brazil, and

fully. America now knows it can degreat joy and satisfaction into their lives. of which some 35 million are of Eurostroy Communism and win the battle As I toured those missions, I became pean extraction. These people represent

for peace. We need fear nothing or no more and more convinced that that half of the entire population of South

one... except God."awakening had started in large measure America.

Yes, it is in our own enlightened selfthrough the relatively recent visits of From the moment we landed in Brazil interest to engage in this simple pracour General Authorities to that great until we completed our mission in tice, this powerful practice of prayer. continent. I have in mind the visit Brazil, the Argentine, and the UruRoger Babson said many years ago: there of President David O. McKay guayan missions, there seemed never to

"What this country needs more than and President Stephen L Richards, and (Continued on page 958)

DECEMBER 1956 955 Book s TUweUUX.

Books make the perfect gift for every taste, every age. They're inexpensive, yet sure to please and sure to be valued. Best of all, you can buy

books for everyone on your gift list right from your easy chair. Use

handy coupon below, or call or write Deseret Book for complete list of gift books.

A Look at Mormonism Benjamin Alward

The intriguing story of the LDS Church and many of its prominent members is told in fascinating pictorial review. All photographs are wellcaptioned, and have

been selected from hundreds in a compiler's collection from around the world. This dramatic and vivid presentation will hold interest from first page to last. 380

photographs. 230 pages.

$4.00

:.:...:.::.........

L. BennionTeachings of the New Testament Dr. Lowell

This book provokes thought and arouses enthusiasm for the teachings of Jesus Christ as found in the New Testament. It makes a careful analysis of Jesus'divine instructions and their application to the lives of people in modern times. Teachings of the

New Testament is a reading must for all who would learn of the everlasting truths.

$3.50

Teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants Dr. William E. Berrett

Dr. Berrett's book provides stimulating reading on latterday revelations contained in

the Doctrine and Covenants. Since the Doctrine and Covenants is one of the standand works of the Church, Latterday Saints should be eager to study what it contains.

Teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants will point the way to a better understanding of the restored gospel. $3.00

Discourses of the Prophet Joseph Smith Compiled by Alma P. Burton

This book fills a longfelt need to learn more from the Prophet's own words what he thought and felt about the principles that had been revealed to him. The straightforwardness of his style of writing affords delight in reading his material. The material in this book enhances the revelations recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants.

$3.00

DESERET BOOK

PAYS THE POSTAGE!

956 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A

for Giiving IMtitiim s- I Thee Wed Dr. Rex A. Skldmore

Written especially for husbands and wives, this book offers helpful suggestions on how to find marital happiness in an

I- uncertain world, how to get along better with children, and how to stretch dollars in the household budget. Trueto-life

examples. $2.00

6. Research in American Genealogy

E. Kay Kirkham This is the latest book on American genealogical research. It >s offers excellent suggestions on how to start the genealogical h

record, do research by correspondence, and analyze the genealogical problem. For both beginner and advanced worker.

Includes replies from 100 genealogical libraries and many other t $4.00 icew aids.

7 - Archaeology and the Book of Mormon

Dr. R. Hunter Milton m atPresident Hunter relates exciting experiences and enlightening

discoveries he made on his recent and extended tours of "Book of Mormon Lands"in Mexico and Central America. Numerous

photographs, in both color and blackand-white, pack this RE X h s niBMe book with timely interest. (Ready about Dec. 10.) $4.50

8. History and Stories in the Book of Mormon

Ezra L. Marler

final this Trilogy pocketsize in "Book volume of Mormon"The stories historical and the beautifully contains information arranged and 'mArchaeology for use. or reference outThis arrangement immediate handy

. lines in action a the events that such is easy to and underway Book of Mormon stand. $1.00 Ifistori)

of in the 9 - Christ Book Mormon to All references Christ Jesus recorded in the Book of Mormon andStone are compiled in this pocketsize edition by Ezra L. Marler $1.00 iniki

io. Gospel Teachings in the Book of Mormon

Gives the total picture of gospel teachings contained in Book {Jookoffflormon of Mormon scriptures by Ezra L. Marler. $1.00

n - A Child's Story of the New Testament by Deta Petersen Neeley and Nathan Glen Neeley

This is the story of Jesus from the Four Gospels, charmingly retold in the language that children understand and frm***-***"love. New this month. $2.00

Official Publishers to the LDS Church

Willi DeseretnBoolt Co.

... 44 East South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah.,,,

*B***xv**PSVW$i}fi#f!w,* pj9?,'.-<

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah Nome Gentlemen: Enclosed you will

find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge to my account the folAddress lowing amount $ for the encircled (numbered) City Zone State books: 1 2 3 4 5

6 7 8 9 10 Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax

DECEMBER 1956 957 extraction. of are people German manyHenry D. Moyle Continued is Brazil in state a German One whole

state, but during the war it became imall that Portuguese speak portant should abe but that Lehi, assurance fact that for the not what moment been had to security they measure. had So as a received inwhich of sent inspired Father, de Rio Janeiro our we Heavenly in of the give teaching the up German

us. It present radito withwas for of plates brass those seemed back Laban,

state of of that Santa schools Germanate the from of the the of thereby insured perpetuation membership Church. and

just years, a of Inside Catarina. few

are seeking their of diligently forebears to their inThey language lend the to generation, go half young a you now toobedience the principles posterity. of gospel the

girls parents grandand boys whose and

Iof Christ. elders Jesus feeling that obligation are a have an The showing fluently, spoke parents and German of degree diligencea rests of us parents those would whose upon which coman- in they to speak and German, them

to of foreignspeaking any countries them missiongroup frommend came still in Portuguese. unswer They you

Iaries, sure, forth of in to love countries the the our show anywhere am little, entirely they but have a derstand ofChurch. called out have been which by we great of that speaking the given up the so to of priesthood notable extent the had incidents many God We is large true to a of tongue. same The

I experiences that thatand learning language. shall not enare the French. There with measure

I to detail I ofdeavor rather a desire have in any them. deepseated have there. people French many

is feeling Ia there heart, great a since for always mission and have had us my to perform at home, and that thought I was a boy, to want to meet my greatNow, it is important, even down there, has never left me. I sensed in the very grandfather to whom the elders first that these languages should be perfirst meeting the importance of our preached the gospel. Now, in my case, petuated. We have not been able as a

into Italy, missionaries to sendelders I Church his preaching tongue. language gospel. an effective mother is my We

into into Portugal, time Spain. Every feeling existshave all experienced in the in here today that same and am sure

the previous sessions of this conference hearts of all good Latterday Saints we convert a person in South America what it means to hear preached an whose families sprung from foreignof European extraction, we are bringing effective gospel. Men have stood here speaking nations. That is the loyalty the gospel closer to their families on

and have borne their testimonies under side of it. I have a feeling in my heart the continent. Instance after instance

the power and influence of the Holy that we can be loyal to the nation of was given us of how, when a Portuguese

Ghost. They have spoken with authorour birth, or of our adoption, and still family in Brazil is converted to the

ity. They have had a keen insight into show forth our love of the country of Church, they begin immediately sending

the principles of the gospel of Jesus our parents to the extent of perpetuattheir tracts and their literature, and

Christ and understand their redeeming ing its language in our family circles. above all, the Book of Mormon, into

Portugal. to are able save enough Somepowers. I great deal a with reading been have

to Portugal. to purpose primary go The

I interest published a as of say, recently so book journeyed through we And visit of of these the to the people now president B. former great Conant, thethose missions enjoyed by and James they Country, French be whether Old of University, of United the mission Harvard andsweet companionship now

is Italian, or or or Portuguese German to families, Statespresidents their Western Germany, wives Ambassador and and to to their people, gospel the preach are that there in says two he the with constantly which impressed werewe their families.

all other for puts there that us above athought them work was subjects—he

is inresult that have some The we prescribe for of at usto here would he do who home—those subjects—which

stances to they the where gone have universities for in our these responsibleare sent study day modern having young men and women into the misand colleges. The first one is foreign Old Country and converted their famision field. I have come with a plea in language, and the second one is history. lies, and then their families have had

my heart that we dedicate ourselves to Thus we have a second reason for wantto come to this country in order to be teach the young and rising generation ing to learn a foreign language. Presibaptized.

in our homes, first of all, the principles dent Conant points out in his book that In all such instances, you see how esof the gospel long before they are called in countries such as Switzerland and sential it is to retain the language of upon a mission. Develop within them Holland a man is not considered eduour forebears. I desire to tell you the

power to explain principles, and have cated if he does not speak at least two story of one German lad who was born in their hearts a testimony born of the foreign languages. He points out that of very wealthy parents. His father

Spirit that the heavens have once again with modernday transportation, the owned a tremendous estate in Germany.

been opened, that the gospel has once capitals of the world today have been He called his son in one day and said, again been brought to the earth, and brought so closely together that we "My boy, all this is yours. I am going

that it is our mission above all other cannot carry on the business of the to retire."

missions in life to promulgate this gospel world without a more intimate knowlThe boy looked up at his father and among the nations of the earth and to edge of foreign languages than we now said, "I do not know why, but I am teach the principles of the gospel to have. Surely that must be the case not going to accept it. I am going to

these peoples of the earth in their native with the business of the Church of Jesus travel."Then he said, "I was led as it

lands and in their native tongue. Christ of Latterday Saints. were by a spirit to come here to Brazil,

My heart goes out to elders who are We have today, for example, five or and for eight long years I wondered sent to missions in foreignspeaking six Spanishspeaking missions. We have why I had left home. I never was discountries. I am sure my feelings are three Germanspeaking missions. We satisfied. I was always happy about it,

born somewhat of experiences which have three Scandinavian missions, and but I did not know why until finally were mine when I was called to serve many other missions in which foreign one day two Mormon elders came to in what was then the SwissGerman tongues are spoken; for example, the me and preached the gospel. FortuMission, under the presidency of Thomas Brazilian Mission, of which I have nately these two men who were on a

E. McKay. I know what it is to go to spoken, in which the Portuguese tongue mission struggling to speak the Portu-

a strange country and sense keenly the is spoken. guese language could speak enough Gerresponsibility that rests upon us as mis- I wonder if it would not be becoming man to this young man to teach him

sionaries to preach the gospel to those of us as Latterday Saints to revive the the gospel. He said, "They had no

people in their native tongues. I am language of our forefathers in order that more than finished their first confersure that the time has long since arwe might better qualify ourselves to ence with me than I knew why I had

rived when every Latterday Saint famcarry out the great mission which is left my father's home."

ily should cultivate within the family ours of preaching the gospel to the naHis home now has been a gathering circle that tongue which was native to tions of the earth. place for the elders. He has left his

their parents or their grandparents. I was rather interested in the tendency wife and his family of five children

We have an example in the life of of the South American countries to conand is laboring in a distant city in

Lehi and his family. We would not centrate upon the legal language, so to Brazil as a fulltime missionary. He

have the Book of Mormon today if it speak; in Brazil and in the Argentine Continued on page 960)

958 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Best of Basketball!

Join Dean Bennett on KSL Radio. From all

parts of the country he'll bring you the thrilling action of B.Y.U. vs. the Skyline

and National basketball powers.

Playby-play sponsored by Phillips 66 game color by Beneficial Life Insurance Co

A( WASHINGTON * MONTANA >fC OREGON STATE MICHIGAN STATE

HOLIDAY FESTIVAL

* WYOMING Jf ST. MARY'S # SOWA STATE

+ UTAH #"COLORADO A.&M.

# DENVER C BOWLING GREEN U.S.A.C.

% U.C.L.A.

-5fr NEW MEXICO

* B.Y.U. 195657 opponents KSI radio &

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY 195657 BASKETBALL SCHEDULE

Date Opponent Time Place Date Opponent Time Place

Now. State College, 30Oregon 7:45 p.m., M.S.T Provo, 'Jan. Utah State College, 7:45 p.m., 25Utah M.S.T Provo, Utah

Dec. University of Washington, 7:45 p.m., 1—M.S.T St. Provo, Utah Jan. University, p.m., Mary's 7:45 M.S.T 26—Provo, Utah

Dec. State College, 6-lowd 6.45 p.m., M.S.T of *Feb. University Ames, Denver, p.m., Iowa 8:00 M.S.T Denver, Colo. 2—

Dec. Michigan State University, 8—5:45 p.m., M.S.T East Lansing, "Feb. University Mich. of Mexico, 7:45 p.m., M.S.T 4—New Albuquerque, N.M.

Dec. 1415-U.C.L.A., p.m., 9:00 M.S.T Calif., Los Angeles, PanPacific Feb. Aud. of 9-University p.m., Utah, 7:45 M.S.T Provo, Utah

Dec. Festival, 2629-Holiday 1 3 B.Y.U., St.Johns, Games, 1:45 a.m. York Feb. New p.m., College, 7:45 Provo, M.S.T 15—Colorado A.&M. Utah

Jan. of Montana, 7:45 p.m., 4—University M.S.T Provo, Feb. Utah University of 7:45 p.m., Wyoming, M.S.T Provo, 16—Utah

11 Jan. -Colorado College, A.AM. 7:45 p.m., Ft. M.S.T Collins, Colo. Feb. of 21University Utah, 7:45 p.m., City, Salt M.S.T Lake Utah

*Jan. University of 12—7:45 Wyoming, p.m., M.S.T Laramie, Feb. Wyo. University of Montana, 7:45 p.m., M.S.T Missoula, 23—Mont.

Jan. State Utah College, 18—7:45 p.m., 1 M.S.T Logan, Utah of March—University 7:45 p.m., Mexico, Provo, M.S.T New Utah

Skyline Conference Game March 2—University of Denver, 7:45 p.m., M.S.T Provo, Utah

DECEMBER 1956 959 Henry D. Moyle continued ofout Godinto andthe qualifyworld andthemselvespreach toJesusgo

Christ and him crucified; for I bear

to witness lives, that you today he and is preaching the gospel dear please take care of God, yourto those who "And that for died sins of the he the world, in if speak that city. self, for German anything to happened you arisen as he and that has atoning our

There is an obligation resting upon we would all be sunk."Savior and made possible for us through

us, brethren and sisters, to see to it Now, I hope and pray, my brethren his redeeming sacrifice the privilege of that the next generation of missionaries and sisters, that we may all sense keenly gaining immortality and eternal life in that come from our homes come better the importance of living closely to our the kingdom of our Heavenly Father.

prepared in two respects to go forth Heavenly Father and having our chilThis I pray humbly, may be our lot, and fulfil their missions, wherever they dren live closely to him, that they may in the name of the Lord Jesus Christ.

may be called: appreciate in very deed the personality Amen.

First, to learn those languages which are in a way native to the family. I

am sure those who come of German extraction will be able to speak the language with a better accent, with a larger vocabulary, and with a greater natural ease those than who did not Life's Laboratory gift have that of inheritance. by right

Second, to know the restored gospel and understand the great plan of life and salvation and have a love of the by Carl W. Buehner

work.

I plead with you, my brethren and OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC sisters, to anticipate; and while we are

anticipating a mission for our sons and our daughters, to ought anticipate we "y sisters, I brethren dear supand atomic that The heard bomb have we for also a them marriage, a military

I pose you wonder what might this is about during conference not for career sons our so long as have we I tell say, I will and is It large. you very wonsaid am that the one M'compulsory training, military then and I that dering myself. looking have been at Bikini lifted dropped ten million life's a work. cannot too begin We for interpretation another scripof the of tons water miles air. ten It into theyoung. certainly will increase the We first ture is that says last the shall be almost impossible to imagine such percentage of if temple marriages we first. last shall the and this In be case power. The at exploded H-Bomb ittake ourselves upon to instruct our is last last. the about the all Eniwetok but a out wiped wholeyoung people in these affairs important I certainly enjoy in the island in work the Pacific my leaving Ocean, a life of in their early ages; will we make I Church, the others with and crater feet would 175 deep mile wide. and one better missionaries of them, better make like to is bear It testimony to the divinity said that my the this from power bomb citizens better soldiers. and

is this of It great work. to wonderful exceeded the all of the power bombs

I bring the greetings you of the Saints meet the feel to with brethren, their dropped during II World on War of and the elders in South America. strength I their and power. wish and Germany combined. Japan

areThey growing not only in numbers; privilege the you had that same have we read You have recently may a thatthey are also in growing strength, and It of is meeting with them. also great a one of slug pound polished uranium,they a have a hospitality warmth and privilege to travel in the stakes of the is size which about the of ball, golf a is notwhich excelled in anywhere the Church and meet wonderful people you contains all more than power the TNTworld. first In our very meetings in the in in the live. areas which you could into you put Yankee Stadium.Argentine at La Paz Aires and Buenos Since hearing Brother today Moyle

is is doing tremendous. What man total a of had justwe under nine hunlast Brother I and Friday, Bennion have I of the think speed ease and withdred which people present. There hardly was the feeling that had living our members travel. this we the Compare with left soula way those who meetings without in far countries from us away seem Christopher his Columbus and crewcoming up shaking and hands with to us, nearer much hearing the and crossed the in ocean Pinta, the Nina,Sister Moyle and and us, welcoming me choir sing yesterday, representing the Santa and days, twentytelling us grateful they how to Maria—fiftyone were countries I of Scandinavia, could not four hours day. a ever multiHave youthe for first Church sending Brother help thinking a reprewhat wonderful plied that? traveled discovered and HePetersen, and then to tour me, these sentation they of the were people and a land at the rapid of speed new twomissions. the They had deepseated the proud how Scandinavians would miles hour! an to conference, Coming in theirhope hearts that they would have been they able to had been hear

I sure of five some you miles am walkedbe continually visits. favored with such this sing choir this from tabernacle.

to an get seat a hour here.

I I feel this have not thrilled that equally report do been the would by be complete if I did not tell you of a marvelous music today. Brother Peter- I read in the paper recently that a

little story that my wife used in pracsen had two foreign expressions that jet plane had traveled 1,900 miles an tically all of the meetings that we held revealed his gratitude for the Scandihour and had gone into the air fourteen miles and the broken barrier sound choir, navianin these three missions. but that in the language were tryWe

is. I that whatever jet ride. have had aing these people to impress understand, can people the say upon the I can

personality of God, his personal attriin three words: It is wonderful! I know how it feels to travel five hunbutes. Sister Moyle generally empha- I have been thinking a little of the dred miles an hour in the air. It is

thrilling exciting. and jet Anothersized that little telling point this great by in live day which some and we

all plane went but four times that fast.story. (I There cannot a boy was the things marvelous observe, we

living are in a great day! Weit as does, as well she I will but things that are do blessings us, to tellmy ofsome

best), five years old who was accustomed some that might tend to destroy us, What man has been able to accomto kneel down at his bed at night and and others that might lead to our selfplish through his own intelligence is say his prayers. On this particular night preservation. I have been thinking of infinitesimal when compared to the

the mother listened at the door to see the scientist or the inventor who sits in power of the Creator.

just what he said. This is what she his laboratory with his test tubes, his We, too, are living as it were in the

heard: "God, bless Mama, bless Papa, chemicals, his minerals, and all of the great laboratory of life. We are being

bless Grandma,"and then he usually devices to measure time, speed, weight, tried and tested. We are seeking the

hopped into bed. But on this occasion etc., and ponders over some of the recombinations by which we can progress

he remained on his knees and he said, markable things that he has produced. (Continued on page 962)

960 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PERFORMANCE that meets western standards

The AllisChalmers CA Tractor has set the pace in its class for the rugged, versatile performance expected in the West... with important savings on every job.

The CA's Traction Booster system gets full capacity out of AllisChalmers westernbuilt, deeptillage tools.

PowerShift Wheels and SnapCoupler hitch save important working hours.

You'll get an even closer look at lowcost ranching and farming when you study the CA Tractor at your AllisCA Tractor and heavyduty, highChalmers dealer's.

clearance vegetable cultivator. ALLISCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION

MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

Fiveshank chisel penetrating to 9 inches.

Threerow lister with 14inch bottoms.

Cutting and banking a ditch 64 inches wide, 25 inches deep.

Coilshank furrower with four 15inch, highwing furrowers

Other mounted tools not shown: border ridger, bedding disc,

coilshank cultivator, springtooth harrow.

SnapCoupler and Traction Boosteh

ALLISCHALMERSare AllisChalmers trademarks. <AC

DECEMBER 1956 961 enemy which had seized upon me, and at

Carl W. Buehner continued the very moment when I was ready to sink

into despair and abandon myself to deto ruin, but imaginary to an struction—not

actual the beingand prove ourselves. We are living in God the Father and his Son have rethe from power of some

this world filled with good and evil, vealed themselves in this Dispensation unseen world, who had such marvelous with right and wrong, with truth and of the Fulness of Times. I would like power as I had never before felt in any

of great at this alarm, moment lighterror, darkness. or read a quotation from and with two You to and

light exactly of over the being—justI saw a pillar my are false there of of that extracts the history today the Prophethave heard

sun, of the brightness the above head, false false doctrines, prophets;teachers, Smith. Joseph

fell it until gradually descended which first this: placed. tells Referverse here been wrote have heand The we why me. upon

last in the geneveningence was made

I It sooner appeared found than myno reports to have the which Owing many great toeral the priesthood meeting self held delivered the from which enemy evildisposed in circulation and put been byprivilege of body. mortal a having light rested the upon bound. me When rise relation persons, to the designing in first estate. that kept ourmeans we WeIt I brightness Personages, two whose saw me of Christ of progress the Jesus and Church

life's tried in laboratory being allare now description, standing glory defy and all of of Saints, Latterday have which to see whether or not we can keep our been designed by the authors thereof to above me in the air. One of them spake

second estate; and it is not an easy militate against its character as a Church unto me, calling me by name and said,

other to the pointing This Is My Beloved are all thething. being tempted in been its progress the have and We world—I

(Ibid., 2:1112, 1417.) Son. Hear Him! history, this to to disabuse are subject to write best the inducedtime; even of us

temptation. the public mind, and put all inquirers after

of great the the message I think facts, as of possession the in they truth going experience Think what we is is still lives, that he that to ages relation transpired, in myself both God have life us.through it means to and what is facts as far so his such that us, of Church, I have children, he and the mindful

It has been said that we have the right in my possession. (P of G P, Joseph Smith allpowerful, that his Son is the Savior

agency.to exercise our own free of the world. I 2:1.) and Redeemer

will that thistrust enable us experience also. I should messengers came Other

will select that things the conbeto relating continues where by He let just time, but take he not more me will usstructive nearer that bring telling born, and born, he was was when other to the describe one came who

It scriptures in is said the Lord. family,to the his of the other about members or three years elapsed earth. had Two darkthe earth withthat that covered religious revival was great a about and the the since that Father the time and

gross the covered darkness into they areaness, and place in took which the appeared to the Prophet Son had for grateful people. I of the like tominds continue I am had moved. would Smith: Joseph

that day when the light from heaven from there:

restored. the gospel again wascame and

I calling act in of the thus was While

I extreme the laboring under was While that of the have advantagesThink men I light appearing discovered a God, upon difficulties these of contests the caused by to seek in this laboratory great outnow increase to in room, continued which my I religionists, readof parties one day was inthose truth get togetherthe and at until lighter the noonthan was room first Epistle chapter of ing the and James, testi- a will gaingredients that us ap- a help personage day, immediately when lack fifth reads: verse, you If any which of

air, at bedside, in the standing peared this great work. divinity of of the mymony to let that giveth ask God, wisdom, of him floor. feet the for his not did touch great science of liberally, all done have not; upbraideth and and Men men exquisite of loose robe a most had on He it life's shall given him. be laboratory livingthings. in Men It anywhiteness a beyond whiteness. was of scripture did passage Never any come things. great also accomplishcan We I I seen; ever do earthly nor thing had heart to of the with than power more man will allshall be saved; not be some could earthly thing be that believe any

It this at to this time did seemed mine. all the think destroyed. not do so to exceedingly white and appear made We into feeling force every great enter to with

all his brilliant. shall get the and naked, not were His way. handssame We

... heart. of my also, little so, also, wrist; the a above arms arrive at theright combinations and this, deterSo, in with accordance my legs, a his feet as his naked, were were for great have purpose which wesame I retired to to the of ask mination God, ankles. little neck the His above head and I here. brethhope, brought Butbeen It the attempt. to on the was woods make

I bare. also that discover could he were all sisters, in of will early clear beautiful, that of us have a day,ren and morning robe, this as clothing but other on no had

of twenty. spring the eighteen hundred and that things seek desire to those out a I it his into that so see could open, was

I life It first in that the had time was my of for us each gainwill eventually bosom.

all for amidst attempt, such an made my of life in oureternal the kingdom his white, exceedingly robe only was Not

I atas the yet anxieties never had made Father. glorious his personHeavenly beyond whole was but

to vocally. pray tempt

like truly his description, countenance and of the contemplate power you I When I place to retired After the where had light, exceedingly lightning. room was The to the power to Almightythe compared go, having designed previously had bright as around very immediately so but not alone, myself finding to able me, looked to and aroundthat seems been have man I first him, person. his looked upon When offer to the I up began kneeled and down this: of think assemble, left I fear afraid; the me. but soon was I scarcely to of heart desire had God. my said unto called and by name, me He I so, seized immediately was done when

I cre- a sent the messenger from that without he have was worlds number And me overentirely which some power by upon

I to his that for of also presence created me, ated; and name mine them God and astonishing such an and had me, came

... I (Ibid., 2:3033.) created the purpose; Moroni; and Son was byown so to tongue as bind over influence me my

... is Begotten. Onlythem, which mine

I darkness speak. could Thick not that

... are there worlds behold, For many these heavenly beings Actually have it to seemed gathered around me, and me

of the that passed word have by away my if of I this to in great sudden sent Dispensation as for were a doomed been time that are there power. now many And destruction. I of comFulness the Times. would are they unto stand, man; innumerable and call to all powers upon exerting But, my of testimonies the that accept you mend for all are unto things me, numbered but this of of the to deliver power out God me during the spoken have brethren who I of P, are (P them. they mine and know G

Moses 1:33, 35.) this conference concerning this great

thing, the restoration of the gospel,

Think also of the power of the resurMOTHER MOUNTAIN and I am sure if you can accept them, will a conviction, a knowlhave you that rection, have the elements when this that edge, an understanding and asBy Eugenia Moore be earth can to mother gone back is divine. latterday great work spirit to the united with sembled and

is trees; of barren I|ld mountain mother all, always, people and young the perfect, we resurrected body; a May form

hills, the children, her stands with: She all ask, to to knock, desire us, of a have exalt to the in save kingdom and power knees; at her

to seek, together those comput and already Father. of has our As Heavenly lace, to icicles of velvet, of skirts white With eventually that will help us binations fall shall said, sparrow not one and been place. child securely in stray keeps each She

unnoticed, neither shall one hair of the Tied to her apron strings, holding her hand gain a home in the celestial kingdom of head be lost (See Matt. 10:2931)—and Like chicks by the mother hen, baby hills our Heavenly Father, I pray, in the

that is comforting to some of us, too. stand. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

962 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!!

This very day, get the wonderful allseason oil that conquers both friction and corrosive wear.

CONOCO allseason Super Motor Oil

New 24hour stock cor record of 118.4 mph

set using... HERE IT IS.MR. JONES.COMOCO

ALLSEASON SUPER MOTOR OIL /N THE CAN WITH THE GOLD CONOCO BAND THIS SINGLEGRADE allseason Super Motor Oil OIL GUARANTEES YOU YEARROUND

PROTECTION AGAINST ENGINE WEAR!

OILPLATING, A GREAT CONOCO DISCOVERY, GIVES YOU FULLTIME PROTECTION AGAINST FRICTION AND

OILCLEANSING CHECKS CORROSIVE Bonneville Salt Flats. In a grueling

24hour endurance run, a 1956 Pontiac WEAR BEFORE IT CAN START cracked all stock car racing and endurance records! Its gas/oil team? Conoco

Super Gasoline with TCP* and Conoco allseason Super Motor Oil (SAE 10WJUST RECENTLY, TEST DRIVERS USED 30)! Take a tip from this great endurance run. Get both Conoco Super GasoBOTH CONOCO ALLSEASON SUPER

line with TCP and Conoco allseason AND CONOCO SUPER GASOLINE WITH

Super Motor Oil. TCP TO SMASH ALL EXISTING

AMERICAN UNLIMITED AND CLASS B

Only one quart of oil added STOCK CAR RACING RECORDS!

in 2841mile run...

Certified by (XTMNATIOHV America's First *Trademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company 1956. Continental Oil Company DoubleDuty Motor Oil!

WJMM?::Z-iXSA

DECEMBER 1956 963 been called to the Ten Commandments, the Sermon on the Mount, the Lord's

Prayer, the birth and resurrection of

Jesus Christ, our Redeemer. We must

Teach... Words vinityhave faithof manin shouldmankind,be madeand theknowndito our children. We must be more

determined than ever to fulfil the great task expected of us, to make this better, to ourselves a better make in, to bring of Wisdom world to live mankind and nearer to God. We have been taught

of salvation the and our salvation by Levi Edgar Young that the true and in is found all mankind

PRESIDENT OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY everlasting gospel.

President Joseph Young, who was for

Y BRETHREN AND SISTERS: With yOU we believe all that God has revealed, many years President of the First Coun-

I have enjoyed this great conferand that he will yet reveal many great cil of the Seventy, was chosen by the ence. The divine words and and important truths pertaining to the Prophet Joseph Smith to this importantMteachings of President McKay and all Kingdom of God. The ideals of love, of position. He said on one occasion in

the brethren will remain with us, that government, of intelligence, have been speaking of the quorums of Seventies:

impressive, contemplate truth. must and in we and wisdom grow we may one's effective to 'satisfy most The way ideals best these our with to the referred have brethren the As is intelligence, training one's impulses thoughts, noble

practice into of us; put each one revelations them the servants had noble who faith in to God, Almighty have a deep and of the Lord in the days when the Prophour missionaries especially—and our develop a love for Truth. We should give

et Joseph Smith lived, I think of an class leaders. Teachers must always years of study of good books, years of deincident tbat I shall ever hold in my remember that in speaking to people, votion in the search for Truth. The Gospel

heart and mind. Having been called to they must convince them that we are demands this of brethren holding the priestpreside over the SwissAustrian Mission interested in the good and mighty things hood of God.

visit to years ago, I was sent many

I of taken Vienna. University was the thatWetheymustbelieve.in words and demeanor In his dedicatory prayer in the Kirtthrough the library, one of the largest show always the dignity and authority land Temple, we have the words of the

libraries of the world, and the attendant of man, and talk, of the noble rank he Prophet Joseph Smith:

of the holds works God. among escorting a book down We was me took who diligently teach anone and act in the of pure it, worthy power the must I read opening a shelf, and from of seek of yea, wisdom; out ye

let ideals prevail. our thought and it. It Principia, written the title of was learnseek Let theother..best. wordsseekbooksye words of wisdom;

by Sir Isaac Newton in the early part us try more diligently to become cultiing, even by study and also by faith. (D & C

of the eighteenth century, and was vated men and women. 88i 118.)

known as the greatest scientific work of We have been told to purify ourselves, the world. It was written in Latin, the to come closer to the perfect ideal which In this day and age of schools and

universal language of science at the Jesus our Redeemer taught. The path colleges, what a wonderful saying this is.

time, and was the major guide to the is straight before us. We must love Let us remember the words we have

world's scientific thought. "Newton died God; we must love our neighbor; we heard at this conference and make them

in peace,"says one writer, "and in the must do unto others as we would have a part of our lives, I ask in the name of knowledge that the fathomless wonders them do unto us. Our attention has Jesus Christ. Amen,

of the universe had been given their shape and their motion by the sure hand of God."

While I was looking at the Principia, my guide took from the shelf another wonderful a book, he said which was Youth and Morality of science. the on volume It was work

mathematics written by Apostle Orson

Pratt. imagine You may my feelings by Delbert L. Stapley

title. as I read the was The volume

published in London, and was used in OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE the higher institutions of learning in

Germany, Austria, and France. Here

they had placed it at the side of the Y BROTHERS AND SISTERS, I should stake leaders acquainted with the probPrincipia. like to express first of all apprecialems in the home life of some Church

I wish to say a few words of gratitude M'tion for the spiritual uplift of this couples, and the poor relationship beto President McKay and his counselors, great conference. I have been inspired tween some parents and their children.

and all the brethren who have spoken by it. I have been blessed by it. I am It is apparent also to the leaders who

to us. In these three days of meetings sure you have. work with youth. The President's vital

I am sure everyone feels that he has In his opening address at the last message brought immediate response been encouraged and strengthened by April general conference, our beloved from the administrative officers of the what he has heard. I shall not give to President David O. McKay voiced an Church Board of Education. They kindyou this afternoon any prepared talk appeal for stability and harmony in the ly invited me to address and lead a

but merely express my gratitude for the home. He expressed this timely condiscussion on the subject, "Counseling

divine teachings which have come to cern: on Standards of Morality,"at a summer

me as I listened to the words of wisdom "I am not so sure whether we are seminar scheduled for the Church and truth. maintaining the high standards required seminary and institute instructors on

All of us have had our faith renewed, of us in our homes. I feel constrained, the Brigham Young University campus.

our testimonies strengthened, our spirittherefore, at this opening session to In my personal interviews of youth ual selves quickened with divine light. make an appeal for more stability, more over the Church and in visiting with

Our paths have been made clearer beharmony, and happiness in home life."ward and stake leaders I had gained

fore us, and we are now resolved to I would recommend, my brothers and some knowledge of the existence of serve more diligently our Lord in rightsisters, a rereading and study of this moral problems among groups of eousness. To refer to the beautiful inspired and important address. The Church young people. However, in

messages of our Presidency and others, wisdom of it is so apparent to ward and preparation for this special and im964 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA portant assignment with the seminary and institute instructors who are charged with teaching the gospel to the youth of the Church, and therefore are close tothem and their problems, I invited to W'Wemy office a representative group of each, MN* also four choice young people, two boys and two girls. The result of these interviews, together with the information developed from class discussion of the subject, was revealing and somewhat alarming. At the risk of some possible criticism, I desire frankly and honestly to

point out a few facts concerning the disturbing problems that beset us and to ot 1 helpful be I hope will some whatmake to******suggestions. cost.

like to the borrow I should Here Press ot* opening paragraph of an article I recently prepared for the November issue of the Relief Society Magazine which caption,will the appear under "Developgraph- foring Safeguards Youth":

"One of the serious problems conisfronting parents a growing today 75 and laxity of moraltendency per among youth. C4fSO centsToo many parents are not fully aware 9\g

that such a condition exists. Therefore, ealhoddnaUOO.

blind to the evils to which their chilPlus postage.

dren are exposed, unsuspectingly, therethoughtlessly,fore contribute to an they phone t"1 "sinful practicesincrease and of immoral SW**- them."31 Richards.harasamong

Good homes where the gospel is taught and lived and where love predominates are basic to the true character and high moral standards of youth. Parents should recognize there

is much in this modern world to challenge the interests of young people.

Much of what is offered is good, but standard. cheap, is bad, and of lowsome

influences of pressures unwholesomeThe xX/ tiffed *>& f* exerted so enticinglyare dressed and upso cunningly, that if accepted they PJQ'0 would destroy the virtues that make for true nobility of character and a life LARGEST AND of joy and happiness. FASTEST LINERS TO

Although we would not want it otherwise, there is so much knowledge present in the world today; and tomorrow and

each succeeding day thereafter discovery, AUSTRALIA will continueinvention, knowledge and TCJIlWmmiFk mum. Jr*kAMflm fis mam NBUI wmm WW mmmm conveniently increaseto and become so

available that mental development and learning will come earlier and earlier in the life of youth. With it, unless

youth is well grounded in the faith, NJOY SUNLINER PACIFIC VOYAGES will come worldly sophistication and in one of Orient Line's Big-0 express ships. Three wonderful weeks of

pursuitsmaterial Withand pleasures.

sunshine and tangy sea air, with your holiday made perfect by fine food of feelingsout maturity and judgment, wrong roads and attitudes can be easily—interesting companions—flawless British service! Sports decks and

taken that would impair the promise to airconditioned public rooms add to your pleasure. Three classes. Tourthem of a rich, useful, and happy life. ist class from $263 to Auckland, $291 to Sydney (Round trip, 10% reof leaders youth must Parents and

to duction). Your local travel agent is the man to see. pressuresrecognize worldly the

subconstantly are peoplewhich young their eyes to the FOR GLOBECIRCLING closejected and not worldly evils that gnaw unceasingly at Take Orient Line Suez services in the true moral patterns ordained of God Australia to Europe—return across

for man to obey. the Atlantic in any great Cunarder.

is great to prepare challenge Our ORION ORCAOES ORSOVA ORONSAY understandingyouth by wise and now tons 24,ooo tons 28,000 tons tons 28,000 these 29,000 toteaching counseling escape and lurking perils that'would destroy their very souls. To wait until after sins

are committed before taking action will "not eliminate the consequences nor the Orient"There's no better way to crossLinethe Pacific!

sorrow and heartache that follow transCUNARD LINE General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canada

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1956 965 Young people today have too much

Delbert L Stapley Continued excitement, distraction, and passive entertainment. Perhaps we do too much

exciteof the for rob them and them that transgression following a do, his they Satan,gression. through human of satisfying, fully legitimate and ment, instruction counand timely proper and alluring devisedaids, cunningly has formerly youth creativeness which the simple and prevented. sel could have that confuse A enticements andschemes

enjoyed. probto questions and answer honest values as to true frustrate the youthand

is achievehighest of the one Morality the vital to could make so youth spiritual lems life. standandof moral The can being to a which ments human lives in their difference when big engospel are frequently of theards

full complete It indicates aspire. and arise. its life temptations of anddangered. Knowledge

It orientation. maturity emotional and and build comradeship should Parentsfacts too obtained often youth by are

reaches is, therefore, complex and very strained eliminate love and in the behome sources undesirable and wrongfrom ordinarily fields of living into which we security stability to insure and relations proper parents, the thecause and home If anymorality. associate with not do dealing In life children. for close the too of home door frequentlysource, by

this interferes development with be thing always there should children or question,sidestepping the issue when with underlying the be of maturity, it may firmness, yet kindness, when love and or understandinga timely, intelligent, answer or explanation might change for setting up controls and rules of concause of immorality.

good the whole course of a young perduct. The home environment and training,

son's life. Youth, if properly taught, for the most then, become an important and prime

No doubt many parents lack an adepart expect and desire restrictions to consideration. A young man made this

quate vocabulary to express themselves guide them in social activities and profound statement:

about such intimate matters, but if they dates. Safeguards and protective coun- "I know,in my own life one of the

are parents of teenagers, does it excuse sel are necessary to fortify them against reasons I was chaste was that I never them from learning and securing proper familiarities and intimacies that lead to thought of being otherwise. I had a

counsel and training to fulfil their Godsin. good, wholesome environment and a

given responsibility of bringing up What appears to youth as fun, excitedeep love for my parents, and the tempchildren in the true ways of the Lord? ment, or glamour may present lurking tations were eliminated partly because

If parents would take full advantage dangers. If parents enjoy the confiof it."

of the plans and programs of the dence of their children and know what Parents and teachers, also speakers

Church through the priesthood quotheir plans are, they will then be able from the pulpit, throughout the years rums, the auxiliary organizations, and to see the hidden perils before them and have emphasized to the youth of the the Brigham Young University extenfrom the experience of parenthood give Church full observance of the Word of sion courses in family living, they would protective guidance and counsel to help Wisdom. Our young people are thorcompetently qualify themselves for the control their emotions and to safeguard oughly conscious of this divine law of

important task of youth guidance. If virtue and honor, so essential to youth health. The same constant effort and

parents do not fully become acquainted for a happy and satisfying life. understanding, however, have not been

with the problems of their children Personal ownership or freedom in the placed upon the law of chastity. Perwhen growing up in this age of freedom use of family cars seems to be a need in haps it is because of its very delicate

from restraints in boygirl relationships, the lives of youth today, yet without and intimate nature that chastity does can they recognize the danger signals adequate controls and the observance of not receive the same attention in the that may be developing in their lives? respectable hours following parties or home, in the classroom, or from the

Most young people are wonderful, dances the cars often become agents pulpit as the Word of Wisdom.

infractions. intimacies moral for and adult controllable.teachable, and The is of purity of violation moral The of parents and responsibility its The confuses them. conduct withworld the in serious far sins the more two scientific this in leaders modern youth largely this in areaCorrection would are people of eyes God. Young who

is live to in teach and show world the perplexities problems we solve the and true often are offenses of guilty moral these live to modern in among youth are parents versed of how youth. How This of the of observers Wisdom. Word still wholesome, express factors a and of terminology speech jargonthe and chastity of is that the law evidence an build to and response integrated them to to enable youth by thememployed it deserves is attention receiving the not

life, objectives set of of a standards up seriousness the evaluate and meaning of the or of the in the home program life cull the of out will worthily that petting, light dare necking, of heavy and Church. those cultivate destroy that things and evil pracself-abuse, other and games,

of a group by conducted survey a In of peace security build and virtues that are too often tices with which youth person seminaries, each young Church to youth soul. help should Parents restraints that acquainted,well weaken

list and of given a commandments was for realize clean a make body and mind the destroy resistance thereby andand true moral concepts of life? happiness now and eternally. laws governing the Church, among

Parents, live close to your children which were the Word of Wisdom and asked people were chastity. young The the particularly during moreand

laws list these and to commandments the in are they years while adolescent

In their importance. of in the order FIRES UNDYING experiencof growing and process up

this of results of the compilation the also physical changes, and and ing new Willes Wangsgaard By Eva. placed the students survey most Word fully that not they do emotions strange

position. first in Someof Wisdom is critical in It period a understand. talk, after to meals ll/IY loved and father not training they their in had where lives, counseling constant their a when endlessly. conversing sat around We serithat the most properly taught been is so needful stabilizing influence and revealed whose anecdotes end favored He is of murder committing short sin ous is to It for a philosophy. helpful. of time surprise them quick and warm A vitaltrue and of that immorality. The low, too fires noticed feelings burned had that never strange the about learn He

be of morality ly values must important pail, or hod, clock, water an empty The actions. lives their There motivate and

in established clearly unmistakably and her go filled, unless he saw "Which mother emotional within developing are them to asof silent hearts youth prod. to her in answer the and minds went And difficult conflicts to disturbances and

long hours and were father's working compliance by acceptance sure and My if help the control, knowledge and and late, them. be obtained require from cannot they I recall. is not what weariness Yet unbe on an should always Religion solicit help parents, from youth may in debate, children coaching I see him

in the practical plane derstandable and associates or sources from undesirable all. spicing Gaelic wit and wisdom His

whose knowledge and sense of values While embers cooled, his glowing words home where children can live and enare as immature and unsound as their ignited joy it. Perhaps the Church should

own. Here lies a serious danger and New fires from which his children's hearths provide courses of study for the priestpitfall that must be avoided. are lighted. hood, applying the gospel to help the

Perhaps children should not blame men become better husbands and parents for their own mistakes, but often fathers. A comparable course might be

966 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA suggested for the Relief Society, dealing with the woman's role as a Latterday

Saint wife, mother, and home builder.

Such courses, to have value, must not deal simply in generalities and admonitions, but must relate the principles of the gospel to the concrete knowledge of human nature and behavior.

failure will us excuse not for our God life in full find theto our For finest meaning theology nor for failure to apply its values to the home and family relationships. Children, sound through home to performance, use instruction,religious helped can be

attain wholesome satisfactions in life by developing basic loyalties to Diety, to the restored gospel of Christ, to the appointed leaders of the people, to the home and family, and also to the fundamental principles of proper moral conduct.

Mothers, unless absolutely necessary, should not seek employment outside the rather honorably should buthome, life as wife, infil their chief mission fulall New gasoline mother, and homemaker. Many problems of youth stem from mothers

positionsaccepting remunerative influtake and their wholesome that the most powerful, cleanest motor them ence out of the home. Mother and the

home are synonymous, therefore important to the safe rearing of youth.

... availIn closing, my brothers and sisters, I fuel science can make

return again to President McKay's appeal as quoted in the beginning of my talk, and suggest that we searchingly these questions:ask ourselves Are we able in both Ethyl and Regular.maintaining high the and important

gospel standards in our homes? Is family prayer engaged in daily? Do we set

faithful propera as true example and forSaints follow to our children with Octane ratings boosted to allprofit and enrichment of moral character values that will assure them a life of joy and happiness. Does harmonyprevail in.the home with love as the time high. It's another Utoco

controlling and motivating force? Does

the home provide security and stability to strengthen family ties? Are our children comfortable and happy, fully enexclusive feature

joying the environment and companionship of family living? These and many

more like questions wc could ask ourselves profitably as wc contemplate the full scope of President McKay's warnUTAH OIL REFINING CO.

ing.

I sincerely pray that we shall recognize not only the home and moral problems that do exist, but that as parents and leaders we will also resolve to qualify and pledge ourselves to be living examples of Christlike virtues, that we may be able to give wise, helpful, and understanding counsel to direction and IT COST HOW MUCH WOULD of in the processyouth up. growing

I pray that maturity will find each ofthem morally clean, sound in the faith, TO REPLACE YOUR HOME?

prepared and worthy for the sacred ordinances and choice blessings of God's The average homeowner today carholy temples. ries only 40% enough fire insurance. Let us check your

I also sisters, to brothers He's thinking and backward what his pray, my replacement valas leadersthat give considerawe shall to cost, instead of property forward tion to the problems of youth, to the what it would cost to REPLACE it. ues for you.

need of doing something constructive that will help them to understand life, gain a knowledge and a testimony of the diffithat will carry gospel over them UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. cult life of happiinto a ground joy and

ness, and this I humbly pray, in the Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents Salt Lake City

name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

DECEMBER 1956 967 These brethren prove daily, as was

Closing Speech particularly evidenced in a sacred meeting in the temple last Thursday, that they have that spirit of oneness, and we are united impraying that you presidencies of stakes, bishoprics of wards, presidencies presidencies of quorums, of auxiliaries, superintendencies "Lord, Look at Our Hearts"and may be so blessed that you too may say: We

strive to be one as the Father and Son by President David O. McKay are one. God bless you that this may

be true.

Just preceding the opening of this conference, the Relief Society held dediJustcitizens:A word about our obligation as beentecting,constantlyas far as theyat postscould,of pedestriansduty procatoryhome. servicesThey haveof thebeennew crowded,Relief Societyand

When the Apostle Paul was being from any possible danger. have had to work in the congested hallbound with thongs for a scourging, he We express appreciation to the ushers ways, stacked with boxes, to prepare

said to the centurion that stood by, "Is who have rendered service early and sacred clothing. They have been forced

it lawful for you to scourge a man that late in seating the great audiences. They to store away mementos and gifts befor they hadis room no been quiet, but effective, in their cause have uncondemned?"and a Roman, them—gifts

the truth. of lovers to presented services. by them chief the captain came and Then

said to Paul: "Tell me, art thou a We have already expressed appreciaNow they have a home in which these

Roman?"and Paul answered that he tion for these beautiful flowers, "prophgifts may be properly displayed.

was. "And the chief captain answered, ets of beauty and song,"among the What is more, the dedication of this

With a great sum obtained I this freesweetest of God's blessings to men, to home has given room now to the other dom."life. How beautiful is God's world if auxiliaries who are crowded, incon-

I fancy that Paul straightened up we but stop to listen and to look. venienced in their efforts to serve the

when he said: "But I was free born!"We express appreciation for the asChurch. The removal of the Relief

(See Acts 22:2528.) sistance rendered by the various radio Society from their old quarters to the

I wonder if we freeborn Americans and television stations, here in our own new will relieve the congested quarters appreciate what it is to have the right to city and state, and in other states named of the other auxiliaries. We suggest to

vote, to express by our vote our choice in the various sessions of the conference. these auxiliaries that they continue as

of those who are to rule over us. No, Truly, their service has been the means best they can. Committees are now

thank heaven, not to rule over us—to of permitting tens of thousands of peoworking on plans to help you that you

serve us in the service of the government. ple to hear the proceedings of this, the may have more room. In the meanFor you, the electorate, are the rulers one hundred twentyseventh semian- time, work as best you can until the

in this great Republic. nual conference of the Church. opportunity comes to give you also more

Those who have taken out their citiWe have been greatly blessed throughroom.

it first appreciate the even conference I thinkzenship more out with I music—the to others are There some whom

it of the "Singing Mothers,"us by birth.than conducted day some who have gratitude. to have not express wish We

election in Florence secNovember, an the have by Sister J. Madsen; We are the heard them. from men They

to state ond, the right the have you combined Scandinavian byin which entire the throughout and women offices direction choirs the that are will fill the under nowwho their of contributing of Brother Church who are to be filled in the nation, in the state, R. Hulbert Keddington; and today, the time and means to the advancement of

and in our local affairs. We ask, we inspirational singing of our own Taberthe truth, not just in teaching, but in

plead that every member of the Church nacle Choir under the leadership of genuine service in manyways. Some of

go to the polls in November and cast Brother J. Spencer Cornwall. How their these are struggling to make their own

your vote for the men and women whom singing, so willingly and spiritually living. Some of them are wealthy men

you wish to occupy the offices named. rendered, has uplifted our souls! We and women who have retired, who count

Now you choose, and choose wisely have always had good singing in previtheir wealth in millions. It means

and prayerfully, but cast your vote. ous conferences, but I feel somehow that something when a man of means will

left to of singers these three group throughout in which a moment We have of contribution his give to the Church forexpress gratitude - appreciation this superior and conference reached have say, a million, then and "All my time those who have quietly and effectively heights, and we say thank you, and God is yours."It means something to leave

rendered service in making these three bless you! your vocation, cross the ocean, and

days of conference so memorable. Un- I wish to express gratitude for the suprender service to the building of schools

doubtedly I shall overlook some, but port, blessing, and strength always of and temples. God bless those who are

our hearts go out to everyone, and to Presidents Richards and Clark and for rendering this service, and bless you all, all spirit to the of contributed the that groups unity the pervades have who for for say the Church, can we this,success of the greatest, of probably the Presidency. The wisdom Quorum as Father, to are striving one, be "WeI think

inspirational conference tothe directed of these the is ever most able we men are one."thy thou Son and

held. of of furtherance thehave kingdom God.

it as unto ye have done "Inasmuch

I First, just bless the to merely them. can continue them. Lord name May

least of of the these one my brethren, press, especially Likewise, of the public these the thankwe Counmembers it said our Lord unto me,"have done feel cil in yeour leading of that the been newspapers have can Twelve: You who

Savior. 25:40.) (Matt. and fair Iso letting in the generous the include these puband (and quorums now

lic who could not attend conference Assistants to the Twelve, the First CounWe are grateful to the Lord for the understand and to a degree partake of cil of the Seventy, the Presiding Bishopguiding influence of his Holy Spirit is a this conference. There inspiration feel throughoutthe only ric, that radiated not can and the Patriarch)—you of soul rejects the use saying that "My also hearts radiatingfrom the words but from the from which these men that for

of the speakers. We express appreciation Christ prayed when he offered that words; Lord, look at my heart."We

to the reporters who have daily taken great intercessory prayer. Among other can sincerely say, as unitedly we express

notes and so fairly and accurately rethings he said: gratitude to him for his presence during

ported each session of the conference. "And now I am no more in the world, this conference: "Lord, look at our

We express appreciation for the cobut these are in the world, and I come hearts!"

operation of the city officials, including to thee. Holy Father, keep through God help us all to serve one another

Chief Cleon W. Skousen and the traffic thine own name those whom thou hast in his name for the good and advanceofficers. I have noticed, as have many given me, that they may be one, as we ment of the kingdom of God, I pray in

of you, that officers in uniform have are."(John 17:11.) the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

968 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Make This JJecidiond or principle—and of A

reference > "MUSICAL

Richard L. Evans: CHRISTMAS"

In Your Church rriHERE comes to mind the recent remark of a young man *- facing some current problems and pressures: It was the Recommend A Group

utterance of one awakening to reality: "There certainly are Sponsored Gift!

said. of decisions,"a lot is an awareness This he we all come CHOOSE

to. certainly essence of decisions. are a lot There The very

of life concerns decisions—the matter of making choices.

Some decisions should, of course, take time; some should wait for matters to mature. But there are some decisions that Connore/ana

could take too much time—some that we could wrestle with

too long, and to no good purpose. There are some choices

we should decide swiftly—and then let them alone. And

we could simplify many decisions by separating them into two convenient categories: decisions of principle and decisions

of preference. As to decisions of principle, we shouldn't

really waste much time on clearcut questions of right and wrong. "Thou shalt not steal,"for example, is quite clearcut.

"Thou shalt not bear false witness"is quite clearcut. "Thou

shalt not commit adultery"is quite clearcut. Many such

decisions are clearly covered by the commandments, and we could waste a whole lifetime wrestling with what ought to be more or less automatic. (Being without standards in maktrying business without ing such decisions be like to do would For Churches Large

or didn't standards of weight measure. Suppose or money we

have an inch or a foot or a dollar—or a pint or a pound or Small

and had to quibble about every length and measure and America's... withfinestamazingElectronicperformanceOrgan

amount!) The decisions of principle, we repeat, should be and thrilling tone, wide selection

more or less automatic. In this we are reminded of what of solo "voices"and rich, full organ

in time this Mencius said in one strong, short sentence: "Let men decide effectsto make—yourcan bechurchdeliveredservices

firmly what they will not do, and they will be free to do Christmas more inspiring, more committees Organ and vigorously what they ought to do."1 And now as to decisions effective.

to invited are cordially individuals of preference—as to what suit we should select, or what come in for free demonstration at

course we should study, what job we should take: For such no obligation.

decisions we have to consider ourselves, our qualifications, our personal preferences, and those of others also, and, in aiines iHusic the more weighty matters, thoughtfully, prayerfully, think things through. In the matter of making decisions, there is

no easy, allinclusive answer, but at least some of the essen145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVO'2260 WASHIN6TON5a/ta(:eCifyBLVD..06DEN

tial decisions can be somewhat simplified if we distinguish between decisions of principle and decisions of preference, and then have the courage and the character swiftly to settle the decisions of principle, and not waste time wrestling with clearcut matters of right and wrong. "Let men decide firmly

what they will not do, and they will be free to do vigorously invites what they ought to do."reverence

and International church seating ie Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE is proving its worth in more and

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING and more churches every day.

SYSTEM, OCTOBER 7, 1956 Copyright 1956 Ask today for full information,

Mencius, Discourses, iv; 300 B.C. ntematbnafseat division or

UNION CITY BODY CO.. INC,

Union City, Indiana DECEMBER 1956 969 Joseph Smith, Prophet of the Living God

ENGINEERS (Continued from page taining "the fulness of the everlasting

WANTED in UTAH to Thethe Bookworldof throughMormon thewas instrugiven gospel,"filled the andpredictionwho inof soJohndoingas fulde- mentality of Joseph Smith, specially scribed, was the very person who,

We need experienced servomechauthorized and empowered for the while yet a mortal being, had comanisms, telemetering, electronics and work, a prophet fulfilling prophecy. pleted and sealed that record, and

engineers, plus physimechanical buried had it where reiterthen it was found prophecies of Malachi, The cists, electronics technicians and his direction under fourteen centuries ated and emphasized by Moroni draftsmen.

when he first appeared to Joseph later.

This company, organized by Utah men, is engaged in design and manSmith, specifically predicted the reIn May 1829, Joseph Smith and ufacture of electronic and electrical turn of Elijah, with power to inaugurOliver Cowdery were ordained to the instruments and systems. ate the vicarious service by the living order of the lesser or Aaronic PriestContracts being executed now. in behalf of the dead. This found hood; the officiating priest was John,

Contracts with government defense fulfilment on the third day of April surnamed the Baptist—he whose voice

agencies and their prime contractors 1836, when Elijah visited in person was heard in the wilderness of Judca in negotiation. Joseph Smith and his fellowservant crying repentance and proclaiming

Salary scales commensurate with Oliver Cowdery, declaring that the the coming of the Messiah, he who those elsewhere. LDS standards. time designated by Malachi had fully baptized the Savior in Jordan, the

ground floor Get on of new industry come. conferred the Then he power to priest after the order of Aaron

potential. with tremendous for and authority of the work authority submitted. Jesus salvawhose Who

Write or phone: tion for the dead, that, as a link in more fit than John to restore to earth

a chain, binds earth to heaven. The the authority of the priestly office to

Wayne K. Johnson labor thus begun in the present diswhich pertained the preaching of reMONTEK ASSOCIATES, INC. pensation, precisely as foretold, pentance and the power to administer

through the ministration of the in the essential ordinance of baptism? 2604 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah

prophet, named centuries before the

Phone: HUnter 5-0431 Meridian of Time, has been proseThe higher or Melchizedck order

conferred afterward priesthood was cuted zeal, with earnestness, with and of INQUIRIES KEPT CONFIDENTIAL. Oliver Cowdery, and on Joseph Smith sacrifice, with the majestic to which

temples reared by modern Israel teseach of whom was ordained to the tify with an eloquence surpassed only holy apostleship, with authority to by that in which is told the story of officiate in all the ordinances of the the sacred rites and saving ordinances gospel. By whom could this higher

administered within. authority be more properly restored

to earth than by those who last officiThe few instances cited must suffice ated as presiding officers therein? And

as illustrative of the wherein many

John, and James, by these—Peter, this prophet, modern while following

the of presidency constituted the who the path specifically for prescribed apostles in the primitive church him, unconsciously effected the realOliver Smith and were Joseph Enjoy finer of the apostles ordained flavor ization of predictions'already hoary Cowdery and greater with age.

nutrition of Lord Jesus.

the Smith received Holy 2. Joseph whole wheat In the same orderly manner, the

. grain ordination.. Priesthood through under

freshly ground the hands of those who held it aforespecial appointment pertaining to the time. The fact that no one can gathering of Israel in the last days

every is food leader element conferred by was Everincreasing Moses—the to another impart not does he what retained! TOWRITE in popularity Israel. of Furthermore, unscattered for DAY prices—FREE requires himself possess Everyone knows no that demonfacfsl recipes—food bread other and cereal cited, and the as already commission stration. of the In bestowal the Holy foods with whole made SPECIAL of the relating to labor authority the freshly grain ground FLOUR in of Priesthood, conferring the auOFFER—is tastier far richer and

introfor coupon Send of for the salvation living dead the in healthgiving nutrito thority of act in the the offer of 5-lb, ductory name it's ments. And the—pkg., Deaf Smith wheat Elijah, not havwho, through came wise where somehome literal this finds Lord, applicatruth flour, richAmerica's

is it. thing done about est in of yet* portals food elements, death, ing the passed tion. life, his of In the in testimony select or -Minn., Wis. efficient, Rapid the—life to a continued, was quickened flour wheat stone Electric Lee Household—his the testament bearing bloodred it's ground the day FlourMill reduces whole officiate in to qualified particularly shipped. grain fluffy to flour for seal of afmartyrdom, Smith Joseph

penny a fraction of a all, LEE ENGINEERING CO. firms without qualification that the matters pertaining to both the living pound. Best of a

it's STONE GROUND Milwaukee 3, Wis. several powers and functions pertainand the dead.

I.E. Dept.,LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY,

2023 3, Ave., Milwaukee W. Wisconsin Wis. ing to the priesthood were conferred The last dispensation—that of the

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 upon him by those who held and fulness of times—was long ago foreWIS. -MINN. FLO'JR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 used the keys of those separate calltold as a period of restoration and

Name ings in earlier periods. Thus, the restitution, a time of reestablishment,

Street Angel Moroni, who delivered to when all things before revealed

City.....State Joseph Smith the record of old conshould be again made plain, and the

970 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sublime consummation of another part of the great plan of salvation be What better gift accomplished. Elias, the restorer,

came to earth and transmitted to

Joseph Smith the keys of authority in than a handsome the work of restoration and reestab- lishment.

The claims made by and for the Latterday Saint tion—asfirst prophetto theof sourcethis, theof lasthis authority,dispensathe means and manner of his ordinaBible... beautifully

tion—are consistent and logical.

of the great apostasy, In view foldesigned and printed the dispensation Messianiclowing and the apostolic period immediately succeeding, whereby the Church of

Jesus Christ ceased to exist among worId s oldest Bibb men, and the Holy Priesthood was no longer represented rums of men duly by organizedordained—thequopublisher, CAMBRIDGE UNIVERSITY PRESS

apostasy predicted by Christ and the apostles, and proved by rational inThese lovely Bibles—tastefully handcrafted in six luxurious

terpretation of later history, it was bindingin clear, stylesreadableand typeprinted—areon availablethe finest inmilkwhiteboth MissionaryIndia paperand

impossible for any mortal to reestab- Family editions. Both editions contain the complete authorized

lish the Church without the restoratext of the King James Version and the helpful LDS Ready tion of the powers, gifts, and authormas.References.From $8.00Thesetoofficial$20.50.Bibles make superb gifts at Christity of the priesthood.

This reestablishment, as foretold At your local bookstore or from realized, mere no wasand as now a THE DESERET BOOK COMPANY of a flame fromrevival; fanning no

heap of smouldering cinders; no re44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

juvenation of a weak and decrepit be, and provedchurch. It was to

of a church the creation new tobe to AN EXTRA NOW YOUR SAVINGS CAN EARN modern times, though in reality older "CHRISTMASthan time—the Church of Jesus Christrestored to earth. Men are the inBONUS"

struments, the agents, through and TO YOU the Omnipotentby whom brings FROM STATE! realization of purposes theabout

which may be but in small degree V. Anticipated

comprehended by human minds; inrate, earnings

deed, the authorized and appointed permitting,July 1 to agents may fail to fathom the divine Dec. 31, 1956

thought to its depths; and may see

outlines of the thebut dimly great HIGHEST IN UTAH ON INSURED SAVINGS to rear.edifice Prophets help they

have ever buildcd better than they EveryIf youraccountsavingsat are"State"earningis insuredmore, theyto $10,000are not insured.by the

knew. Federal Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation. Start a

savings account now, where you can receive higher earn- 3. That Joseph Smith was a Prophings... with complete safety. Just send check or money

et of God is conclusively proved by order for $5.00 or more to..

his life work and its results.

A nomination or call to office, even when followed by valid election, does not assure active and efficient service.

Actual qualification for any position of authority is manifested through effective administration under the authority vested in the official. That

men through their organizations municipal, state, and national, freOFFICERS quently nominate and elect from CarlRomney,C. Burton,ExecutivePresident;VicePresident;Junius i

among themselves those who are unfit VernonGeneral Romney,Counsel; L.VicePresidentEugene Clissold,and

(Continued on page 973) VicePresident;Treasurer; Ruth Roscoe,Parley Ass't.Peterson,Secy. AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

DECEMBER 1956 971 rrom Jrere KJvi EASY Richard L. Evans

I {6 STEPS (6(/

to or fail decisions we make matter what lifetime. No

would what and wonder back to look likelytoHome Comfort (/-%) Theremake, are always times of looking back in the living of a we are (/ have happened if we had done differently. Being human,

(4 as all of us are, we make mistakes. To some extent, at least,

(i-(A most of us at times feel our way along without the full facts couldn't is (6 we almost no day that there perhaps before us, and alis perhaps There to improve. (6 and wish upon look back

(t. most no day that we couldn't wish we hadn't said some things

<4 we have said, that we hadn't thought some things we have (I thought, or that we had done some things better than we I7< (4 did. Life is in part a process of repentance. In a sense, V)

progress itself is a process of repentance; and the person who I

thinks he doesn't make mistakes is usually deceiving himself.

Individually and collectively, there is no doubt we make many mistakes. We misjudge other.men; we misjudge situations;

often even we misjudge ourselves—and our problems and

perplexities, our debts and difficulties, our regrets and some of our sorrows and uncertainties are part of the price we I pay. The judgment to recognize and the bigness to admit a

mistake are among the more desirable qualities of character;

for the future will be more as we would want it to be if we have the judgment and honesty to admit our mistakes and repent and improve. And the sooner we repent, the sooner

we pay, the sooner we improve, the lighter is the compounding of the penalties. It is as Emerson observed: "Always pay,

for first or last you must pay every debt."1 And having admitted mistakes, having sincerely repented of the past, there

remains an earnest incentive to look forward from here, with hope, and with faith for the future. If there is anything we

have reason to regret, from here on is our opportunity, for great is the power of real repentance—which is to turn away

from what we should not do, and do it no more.*

..how to judge and select

home insulation square from temple l/l/ofdWord Uhe JpokenSpoken parts..what of your home BROADCASTING AND THE COLUMBIA OVER KSL PRESENTED to insulate first

SYSTEM, OCTOBER 14, 1956 r Copyright 1956..how to protect your home

from vapor damage wi* iRalph Revised.Waldo Emerson, Compensation. CTTeodSngP

BalsamWoolReg. U.S. Pof. Off.

Insulation Balanced Sealed and JOIN THE Distributed by

MORRISONMERRILL MARCH OF DIMES & CO. Building Material Distributors IN JANUARY

972 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph Smith, Prophet of the living God Earn More—With Safety

(Continued from page 971) to exercise official powers, will not Christopher Columbia Says... SAVEbe seriously disputed. Authority may

be delegated under the laws enacted [Make Your Savings"by men; qualification cannot be so MAIL!

conferred. But when God calls and Pay YOU...

ordains a man to any office, qualification and power are given as reMake your money earn the most..

quired. big 4%. Experienced lending... low

overhead... and no gifts let us

Joseph Smith was not a Prophet share the earnings with you. Invest

by election nor an apostle by ordinawith complete safety in this statetion alone; his works confirm and government supervised company.

prove his actual possession of the All money received until the 15th authority he professed. In relation of the month, earns from the With Safety

to the power of prediction as a fea1st. Open an account now

ture of the prophet's calling, a test either in person or by mail.

by which to distinguish the true STATE prophet from the pretender was given ISUPERVISED

Elbert R. of old, and is equally applicable toCurtisday; it was this:—"When a prophet President

V.speaketh in the name of the Lord, SUGARIN SAVINGS1056 EASTAND21STLOANSOUTHASSN.ST. RobertHodgen

if the thing follow not, nor come to HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH Exec.

pass, that is the thing which the Vice Ptes.

OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS.

Lord hath not spoken, but the prophet hath spoken it presumptuously: thou ElbertDr. J. leR. RoyCurtisKimball T.LeoJ. L.ChristiansenCapson LouisSid N.H.CornwallCallisfer

shalt not be afraid of him."(Deut. J. Fred Pingree Dee F. Anderson George A. Dixon

18:22.) The rule implies that the

fulfilment of prediction is at least strong evidence that he who so prophesied was indeed a prophet.

A prophecy given to the world through Joseph Smith, though described as the words of the Angel

Moroni, referred to the Book of Mormon, which at that time was untranslated, and declared: "The knowledge

that this record contains will go to every nation,"etc. Already the book

has been published in all the principal languages of earth, and the workis still progressing. SERVICE

The persecutions of the Latterday

Saints, drivings the mobbings and that awaited them, their painful and PLANNED LEGISLATION perilous journey to the west, and their growth as a mighty people amongst the mountains, were all foretold by the Prophet Joseph many years before the exodus began. The literal

fulfilment his- (pAAfact (pJwt&dtADrL of current is a matter tory, and a subject that claims the attention of philosopher, historian, and statesman alike. Life Auto Fire

Farm Comprehensive Tn 1832, Joseph Smith gave to the Liability -* Church this revelation:—"Verily,

E. saith 4th Souththus the 65 Lord concerning the UTAH

shortly that willwars City come to pass, Salt Lake STATE beginning at the rebellion of South FEDERATION ELgin 9-8668 (Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1956 973 Joseph Smith, Prophet of the living God

(Continued from preceding page) These instances of prediction, made verily a prophet from whose lips isCarolina, which will eventually by this Prophet of the latterdays, sued truth and wisdom as living water terminate in the death and misery and verified by literal fulfilment, are from the perennial spring.

of many souls; cited as examples; others equally con- 4. The doctrines taught by Joseph

"And the time will come that war vincing are on record in the published Smith are true and scriptural. The

will be poured out upon all nations, works of the Church, and to these revelations.proclaimed by him are in

beginning at that place; the investigator is referred. harmony with earlier scriptures, yet

"For, behold, the Southern States Let it not be forgotten, however, adapted to the new dispensation inshall be divided against the Northern that the gift and function of prophecy augurated through his agency. Hostile

States, and the Southern States will comprises more than the power of critics and avowed enemies of the call on other nations, even the nation prediction. Joseph Smith's position Church have failed in their eager

of Great Britain,"etc. (D & C 87:1- as a Prophet of God is proved by his search for inconsistency or contradic-

3.) This prediction was proclaimed spiritual enlightenment and surpasstion between modern revelation and

by the elders of the Church more ing wisdom in matters of present imancient scripture. The doctrines of

than a quarter of a century before the portance, and in his interpretation the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterCivil War broke out between the of events of history to him as to us day Saints are the doctrines of the

North and the South; and the revelaancient. The translation of the Book gospel; they change not, for their

tion was published in The Pearl of of Mormon, and of other ancient foundation is truth.

Great Price, British edition of 1851, records, is proof of his divine endowIf a shadow of doubt yet lingers and was announced yet earlier, withment. In the exercise of other gifts as to the divine authenticity of

in the year named, in the Millennial and graces of the Spirit, in healing Joseph Smith's calling and mission

Star, volume 49, page 396. The terthe sick, in his power to read the among men, let the results of his

rible events constituting a literal minds of men and lay bare the secrets life's work dispel the shade. What

fulfilment of this dire prophecy, beof their hearts, in his inspired counsect or church, other than the Church ginning twentyeight years after its sel, in his administrative ability as of Jesus Christ, reestablished and announcement, are known even by shown in the plan of Church organfounded through the authorized adthe schoolboy conning his lesson ization, as a preacher of righteousministration of Joseph Smith, even in United States history. ness and a teacher of men, he was professes that its organization and

HURRY! Snap Up This Amazing Offer

7 -PIECE KEYSTONE 8mm MOVIE OUTFIT Everything you need for taking and showing home movies!

Keystone K-25 Movie Camera NOW Keystone Movie Projector x 40 Movie Screen mplete 30 ONLY *MJhwZl

Screen Cover Roomy Gadget Bag NO DOWN Roll of Color Film PAYMENT Movie Record Book.. ONLY MakeLet Us BeautifulShow YouFullHowcolorTo

$1.75 WEEK Movies As Easily And

Cheaply As Snapshots

MAIL COUPON NOW!

STANDARD OPTICAL COMPANY

273 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Send complete $129.95 Keystone Outfit to

NAME r ADDRESS 273 So. Main - Salt Lake City

CITY & STATE 2443 Washington Blvd. Ogden

least a At $5 deposit must accompany orders. mail are $7.50. Monthly payments all 446161 W.ParkCenterAvenueSt. - - Idaho ProvoFalls

974 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA operation are after the manner of

Christ's Church of former days?

Where is another church to be found ready solemnly to proclaim and defend its title to bear the name of

Jesus Christ, and to demonstrate its possession of the Holy Priesthood.

Proof of actual and unbroken succession in the apostolic office from the chosen twelve ordained by the Christ in person has been attempted in vain.

Moreover, the great falling away—already begun in apostolic days—the

general apostasy with consequent loss of priesthood and authority, was clearly foretold, and is plainly admitted by unbiased theologians of modern times. The assumption that

any man, or combination of men, or the human family in its entirety can originate or create among themselves the authority of heaven—the right

to administer in the sacred ordinances of the gospel of Christ, and the power to speak in the name of the

Lord, is so illogical and absurd as All advantages of a large University, to be its own refutation. If man

cannot obtain this power of himself, All the attention of the small College he cannot delegate or transmit the same to his fellows by ordination or Consider these advantages at the shallother ceremony. Where we Largest Intermountain University...search that for a church other than

founded through the authority conAdequate faculty for the large student * Scores of cultural, geographical, deferred on Joseph Smith, that asserts body. partmental and social groups, open to

the weakest pretense of claim to the Relatively small classes. all students.

restored priesthood? A complete stake of the LDS Church, * Expanded schedule to include all who

Had the Church of Jesus Christ of entirely with student membership in wish to take any class.

Latterday Saints originated in de17 wards. * Efficient placement service to aid in

ceit, were its professed authority and Frequent visits from General Authorifinding employment.

power mancreated and selfassumed, ties and other Church leaders. * Close association with familysized

were its title but a name, and that Counseling service available to every groups of roommates in beautiful camname of man's choosing, were this student. pus residences.

Church but one among the many Winter Quarter Registration—January 2, 1957

small sects and parties that have grown as a fungus in the night, only to wither next and rot the under day's University Brigham Young if in short,sun; it it be not what UTAH PROVO

claims to be, how are to be explained its steady growth, its orderly development, its stability and vitality, itsmarvelous recuperative capacity, its SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL varied manifestations of vigor and life of which neither men nor demons can rob it. It boldly declares its own

immortality and affirms that human power shall never avail to destroy it.

So declared the Prophet at its inception; so each successor to the seat

of prophetpresidency has reiterated;

so does its history warrant; so will

the years and centuries confirm. The place to stay

There is but this answer to the greatest question of the age: Joseph The place to eat

Smith was truly the Prophet of the Most High God.

DECEMBER 1956 975

Active brethren assigned to inactive ones may issue invitations to movies,

Quorum Projects Provide Important Activity concerts, plays, and other public events, as any young couples go out together, each one paying his own

During the year 1956, at each of manner in which the quorums may way, but providing companionship the four stake conferences held cooperate with the Church welfare and building up friendships neverthein every stake, one step in a fourprogram, whether on a ward or stake less.

phase program was presented, seeking basis. Fishing and hunting may be underto reactivate all men in the Church During the fourth quarter special taken by active and inactive quorum

who have become inactive, whether emphasis was given to ways and members going together on a group in the Melchizedek Priesthood, the means of making quorum meetings basis, or even as couples.

Senior Aaronic Priesthood, or without interesting and attractive. Attention Trips to national parks as summer

ordination to any priesthood. will be given to class instruction, the vacations are sometimes organized by

In brief the four phases were as business portion of each meeting, and groups of people in one or two cars, follows further discussion of quorum activity or more, if couples wish to take their

During the first quarter was stressed projects. children along.

the organization work to carry on The work of the factfinding comIt is suggested that local officers the program, making certain all quomittee was reviewed at length in the use their ingenuity to make recrearums were officered and that all article in this space last month. tion an important and wholesome

committees were appointed and funcFurther review here may not be means of doing this missionary work tioning; making lists of inactive necessary. with inactive members.

brethren with whom we may work; However, we give below a list of b. Public service projects, like those

developing quorum and other projects detailed project suggestions for the sometimes conducted by civic clubs, to provide activities for men now acChurch service and personal welfare have been sponsored by quorums; for

tive and for men who could be committees instance, July 4 and July 24 celebrainterested in becoming active through tions, anniversary celebrations affectparticipating in these projects; seekChurch Service Committee: ing single communities in which the

ing to provide some kind of Church brethren live, etc. Cemetery beautiactivity for each quorum member; General Objectives: To enlist every fication has enlisted much interest

introduction of "personal missionary man in some kind of Church activity. in small communities. Beautification

approach"whereby active men may of parks and the building of play cenbe assigned to labor on a personal Suggested Activities and Projects: ters for children in city parks have

basis with inactive brethren. been popular projects with some quoDuring the second quarter special a. Institute a wellplanned social rums in rural areas.

emphasis was given to ways by which program in the quorum. Inasmuch c. Ward teaching as a quorum

the Church service committee in the as several of the quorum members project. Quorum officers may well

Melchizedek Priesthood may fit into will be working on a personal misplan to have their quorum members this program. sionary approach program with indo their ward teaching one hundred

During the third quarter of the active members, three or four such percent on all districts assigned to year, emphasis was placed on personal active brethren and their wives could them. Efforts may be made to enlist

welfare interest, both in Melchizedek well plan a house social to which they all quorum members in ward teachand Senior Aaronic Priesthood quomay invite inactive men and their ing. Close co -operation between

rums. We endeavored to study the wives with whom they are working. quorum officers and ward bishoprics

membership of all quorums with the Several such house socials might be on this matter will be greatly apprethought in mind of giving personheld in the same ward during the ciated.

al welfare cooperation wherever same week, with different groups in d. Full cooperation with the ward

needed, such as helping our brethren each social. Within two or three and stake welfare committees on farm

to find better employment if necesweeks afterward, a quorum social and other welfare work is most stimusary, or helping those out of work to might well be held, bringing in all lating. Through the cooperation of

find employment; to assist those of those who had attended the house two committees—Church service and

our members who may be ill or socials formerly. Coordinating sopersonal welfare—much may be acotherwise disabled; to help widows cials in this way will make it easier complished on this point. The perof members who have died; or to asfor the inactive people to come to the sonal welfare committee should spearsist in the personal welfare of children quorum socials in the ward. head this work, but the Church

of quorum members who may need Softball, horseshoe, and hard ball welfare committee must give active to find work to help them through games and leagues are excellent for and sympathetic cooperation.

school or to assist in swelling the famsummertime, followed by socials in e. Musical activities, such as orily income. Emphasis was given to the which wives of the brethren may join. ganization of choruses, quartets, trios,

976 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

duets, vocal and instrumental, for publication in the Church organs. may bring blessings to their members

participation in ward and stake Proper notice may be given locally on by suggesting regular reading of the events draws much interest. Wives ward, quorum, stake, or other events four standard works of the Church.

of quorum members may join in this in which quorum members will be s. Participation in the servicemen's

event. interested. program. Both active and inactive

f. Cooperation with stake mission- m. Transportation should be armen may be used in this work to good

ary work. Each quorum should be ranged for those in need of it, to advantage. Make it a project to have

represented by members in this work. encourage attendance at stake coneach serviceman from the quorum

Consultation with ward bishops on ferences, other stake events, and ward corresponded with at least monthly, this subject will be helpful. meetings and entertainments. Paror more often if possible. Send to

g. Persons in the quorum who enticularly should attention be given to each The Improvement Era and the

joy taking photographs may be enthe aged and infirm. "Church Section"of the Deseret

listed to provide pictures for absent n. Cooperation with class instrucNews. Also send to each, one or two

members, showing activities of the tor in making available to quorum missionary tracts every month for his quorum members in various projects. members copies of course of study, own reading and for distribution to

h. Every quorum could well conand otherwise assisting to make the buddies in the service not of our

duct a standing project to encourage classwork interesting. faith.

all quorum members and their fami- o. Pride should be taken in good Contact should be maintained with

quorum members away to school, livlies to attend Sacrament meeting each attendance at quorum meetings, week. monthly business meetings, and stake ing away temporarily on account of

i. A similar project may well be priesthood meetings. employment, or away for other reacarried on with respect to attendance sons. Letters should be sent to them

at Sunday School, on the part of quo- p. Stake conferences permit the regularly. Particularly is this true

rum members and their entire famiChurch membership closer contact with respect to foreign missionaries lies. with the General Authorities. It from the quorum, who receive much

j. Teach the proper method of pershould be a project with each quorum encouragement from letters from the

forming the ordinances of the Church. to encourage attendance of all memquorum.

Due care should be exercised in this bers and their families at these immatter, however. When properly portant gatherings. It is suggested that quorums use as

planned, this instruction is of great q. The preparation of family hismany of these suggestions as may be

benefit to quorum members. tories and genealogical records should wise in their areas for the furthering

k. Temple attendance may well be be encouraged by all members, with of the work. Other suggestions will

encouraged, and those not now able an object toward having all work occur to the quorum presidencies as to obtain recommends may be endone in the temple for the kindred they discuss their work in weekly couraged to put their houses in order dead of each member. This should presidency council meetings.

that they may participate in this be a family project, urged by the quo- (The work of the Personal Welfare work. rum for its members. committee of the Melchizedek Priest-

1. Publicity may be provided per- r. Reading the scriptures is neghood quorums will be discussed next

taining to the quorum activity, for lected among many people. Quorums month.)

A Christmas Letter

(Concluded from page 899) the lid of a treasure chest that held with me this glimpse of happy memofrom a devoted father and loving the wealth of memories that no ries, and to say as the Yuletide now is full of loving mother ever pulled us back to the old money could buy. approaches, my heart

home, the dearest, sweetest spot on Well, my brother and pal of youthwishes for you, that you and yours earth. ful days, I just wanted you to share may enjoy the happiest Christmas

It is only an old country home, but ever, and that the New Year may come laden with happiness and joy no palace was ever filled with truer supreme. of parthe part devotion love on and Love and kisses to Fawn and the sisters that brothers, ents, than and girls. which pervaded the hearts of the

Affectionately, loved ones in that family circle.

David O.

TTanging"place, yourI walkedcoat inoutits ofaccustomedthe front loveMamaand Raybest andwishesBobtojoinyouinall.sending

door; as the nightlatch clicked, I

thought it might have been a click of D. O. M.

DECEMBER 1956 977 Presiding

Youth Speaks

Study Guide for Ward Teachers

December 1956

Modesty and Virtue

Know ye not that ye are the temple of God, and that the Spirit of God dwelleth in you?

"If any man defile the temple of God, him shall God destroy; for the

temple of God is holy, which temple ye are."(I Cor. 3:1617.)

Brent Peterson "The elements are the tabernacle of God; yea, man is the tabernacle of

God, even temples; | and whatsoever temple is defiled, God shall destroy that Bishop Orville C. Lundell temple."(D & G 93:35.)

One can scarcely imagine a sterner rebuke of uncleanliness and impurity Why I Respect the President of life than is given in these two passages of scripture, the first one being the words of the Apostle Paul to the Corinthians in the Meridian of Time, and of the Priests Quorum the second one, the words of God to the Prophet Joseph Smith in our own time. Again, could one think of a loftier conception of the nobility of man Address delivered by Brent Peterand the sacredness of human existence than is set forth by the Lord when son, a priest, at quarterly conference

he calls the body of man his temple and declares that his spirit abides in it. of Lorin Farr Stake.

The admonition of the Lord to us through his revelations is that we should TPhe priests quorum is a group of constantly practise virtue and holiness before him. young men who are in the age

The purpose of the gospel and its glorious teachings is the purification of range sixteen to nineteen, and the fit that he for spirit be'the might man of to dwell in God thus and him bepresident quorum is always the sanctified. come Lord cannot look The sin least upon the with degree of bishop. allowance. us, of All old young, and should realize the absolute necessity

I respect Bishop Orville C. Lundell for life purity of in the of is Church and kingdom Virtue God. the foundation of character. This requires that we shall be virtuous not only in action as the president of the priests quorum

but also in thought, for the Lord has clearly taught that those who are in our ward because he stands for all not virtuous in their thoughts will lose his spirit and deny the faith. To be things that are good.

unclean in thought is a grievous sin, though it may never find expression in Bishop Lundell, with the help of action. Modesty, the quality of character that indicates a sense of propriety our Heavenly Father, presides with

spect—theseand humility,qualitiesthat holdsare theto puritypreserversand anddecency,guardiansthat ofis chastevirtue. andTakecircumaway hood.dignity Heandis devotionprogressiveto andthe underpriest- modesty and virtue goes also.

standing. He has a forgiving heart.

How thankful we should be for the glorious principles of life and salva-. He guides us with clear vision and

tion given to us in the gospel. Lofty ideals and standards of conduct bringsets a worthy example.

ing temperance sobriety, purity, and chastity, virtue and possible make the is Bishop Lundell a pal to to me, living of life a prayerful to devoted service the of and fellow our God men.

priests, the all the and to peoyoung It possible makes the to of us spirit coming the of as inspiration God enand lightenment, a constant companion, making it possible for us to follow the ple of the ward.

admonition of the Lord in constantly practising virtue and holiness before He helps me solve my problems; he

him. honors those who differ with him; he

As members of the Church both parents and children should cherish takes time to consider all points of these lofty and glorious principles under all circumstances and conditions, view on any problem and in any diffibeing examples of modesty and virtue. culty.

The most powerful implement our

INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR JANUARY 1957 ness—hebishop usesis askindourtopresidenteveryone.is kind-

"Honour Thy Father and Thy Mother"I have much respect for my bishop because he has given me the privilege,

The thy commandment father "honour thy and mother"has spanned many as a priest, to bless the Sacrament and centuries. It is as it binding today as first was given. when long has it been How

to baptize. since visited you If your parents? time has slowed and their bent forms, not do

forget that you figured mightily in the transformations. Have you fulfilled their These are just a few of the reasons

dreams? you, They love sat up nights, prayed, wept, worried, hoped, and dreamed. why I appreciate the priesthood and Are you satisfied? they? Are

respect Bishop Lundell, president of the priests quorum in our ward.

978 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

Presiding Bishopric Announces Plans for Erection of Memorial

Commemorating the Restoration of Aaronic Priesthood

Touring the bishops'conference held --'in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, Frisculptor'sEDITOR'S modelNOTE:of Thisthe

day, October 5, 1956, Presiding proposed Aaronic PriestBishop Joseph L. Wirthlin announced hood memorial was preplans for the erection and dedication sentedbishops duringconferencethe specialin the

of a memorial to commemorate the Salt Lake Tabernacle, Ocrestoration of the Aaronic Priesttober 5, 1956.

Dr. Avard Fairbanks,

hood, May 15, 1829. famous Utah sculptor,

prepared the model and Size of Memorial willmorial.complete the meThe memorial will consist of three

heroic figures in bronze, representing the resurrected John the Baptist conferring the Aaronic Priesthood on the heads of Joseph Smith and Oliver

Cowdery. The bronze work will

measure approximately ten feet high and will be mounted on a granite base four feet in height. The memorial will be approximately eight

feet wide at the base.

Sculptor's model of Aaronic Priesthood Memorial.

To be Dedicated May 15, 1957 It should be the objective of each their contributions. Others are carbishop to complete this project as rying the project forward with the

The completed memorial will be soon as possible, remitting, in a sinsuggested December 31 deadline in erected on Temple Square in Salt gle sum, all contributions by Decemmind. If any have delayed getting

Lake City and will be dedicated May ber 31, 1956. Only a few days remain this matter underway, we respect15, 1957. In connection with the before the New Year. It is urged fully request their immediate attenunveiling and the dedication, plans that every bishop give this matter his tion and action.

are already being made for an apfull attention in order that the Prepropriate and extensive celebration siding Bishopric may report to the Stake Committees to Assist of the event. First Presidency that each ward has

reported and remitted by December Stake committees for Aaronic

Financing the Memorial 31. Priesthood under twentyone and for

senior members of the Aaronic PriestNo money is to be appropriated Names of Contributors hood should now be preparing to effrom the general funds of the Church to be Preserved fect a successful conclusion of this for the erection of the memorial. All entire project.

costs are to be paid from contributions The name of each person making If there are any wards needing last by bearers of the Aaronic Priesthood: a contribution will be placed in a minute help, we suggest stake comThose under twentyone are invited copper box and deposited in the base mittees give constant assistance and

to contribute fifty cents each; those of the memorial. It should be a great followup until the matter is closed.

over twentyone are invited to consource of pride and satisfaction to tribute one dollar each. every bearer of the Aaronic PriestPersonal Visit

hood contributing to the monument Is Recommended

Reporting and Remitting to know that he is among the thouMemorial Funds sands who made it possible. It is recommended that each bearer

of the Aaronic Priesthood, both under

Special blanks have already been Progress Reported and over 21, be visited personally by furnished bishops for use in listing his leader in gathering contributions.

the names of contributors and for inAlready, hundreds of bishops have There is no substitute for the perdicating the total amount remitted. completed the project and remitted sonal visit.

DECEMBER 1956 979 a

on it, do we find it difficult to refeeling very much very Kindness for Christmas memberdeeply?

Christmas, like the Sabbath, ought by Eileen Gibbons to be "kept."To varying degrees and

Today's Family Editor in various ways, many Saints do, by emulating Christ, by actually giving

best to do it.WithawayChristmasthe wise onlymothera fewsuddenlyweeks fundamentala beautiful othermindednessto the gospel. He which,taught ofaboutthemselveshow after selfless thought

becomes the one who shopped if we ponder in light of 1956 ChristTo one sister, for example, Christearly, the lucky youngster the one mas gift and card practices in our mas is the perfect time to express in who has a record for good behavior, homes, might lead us to ask ourselves: words, and the humility this effort

and the fortunate dad the one who Is giving in our home essentially a sometimes takes, her affection for comes through the season with money spiritual or a material thing? How others. She learned while a Relief

in the bank. selfless are our gifts? Do they inSociety president how much kindness

Any day now we shall set aside an volve thought, conscious love, and means to the bereaved, the ill, and for thisevening for Christmas cards. Dad gratitude—or just money? Has "buythe economically poor, and

will address his share; Mother will do ing"replaced "giving"in our holiday reason now makes kindness her first

her half; the youngsters who don't vocabulary? Are we so concerned Christmas concern. She makes a

have lists of their own will lick the about cookie recipes and hiding places project of "remembering."She restamps; and another big annual job for bulky things like tricycles and members that one sister's youngest

will be taken care of with the silent whether Susie wants a blonde or son gave a 2 1/2 minute talk on tithing prayer that no one was forgotten. brunette doll that before we know it during the year, that the Smith's new

Less expeditiously, but with similar, the season is gone? Looking back (Continued on page 982)

almost mechanical concern, and finally relief, the shopping will be done.—Monkmeyer Press Photo

Christmas will be a happy season, for most of us the favorite of the entire year. Why? Because of the event

Selfless our famiBecauseit commemorates? service—

lunch and a 1 gifts warm Becauselies are together again? for smile someone

are exchanged? We know that how ill, perhaps—may be 1H|

best the Christmas will is in our Christmas homehappy give. gift we the so on not nearly muchdepend

exchange of gifts as upon the degree to which we remember Christ and on the reunion of the family.

And yet, the great emphasis will be on gift giving. This is as it should

be, perhaps. Readymade opportunities to help one another such as the

pioneers had every day are rare, and we need a means of expressing how we feel about friends and loved ones.

And certainly Christ gave much to us. The laying down of his life and

fulfilment of his mission as a Redeemer were acts of giving beyond our comprehension.

But let us add to a consideration of these things the fact that Christ taught love and unselfishness as 980 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Candy canes for the tree and "fillers"for the stockings...

fruit cakes and cookies for dropin visitors... rich plum

puddings or mince pies to top off the Christmas dinner...

for these and other holiday sweet treats, you'll want to stock up now on the complete U and I Sugar family:

powdered, brown, fine granulated, and superfine dessert.

UTAHIDAHO SUGA COMPANY DECEMBER 1956 981 Kindness for Christmas

(Continued from page 980) wonderful of you to take time to conhome is less than a year old, that the gratulate John on his promotion. The

busiest woman she knows brought a baby is wonderful—and welcome, as

warm casserole when the children was your remembering us.

had mumps. She remembers that The father of a family, even though

Brother Jones did the irrigating while he may be justified sometimes in feelher husband was away and that she ing that because he is the family bank was invited to the temple wedding he ought to be exempt from some of of a girl she taught in Primary. These the details of actually "keeping"the

things she appreciates, all of us holiday, can also get into the spirit would, but she goes the second mile of giving self. Little ways become

by expressing that appreciation. She big ways in their effect. So it has

may do it anyway by gift or card, been a good two months since his wife but she also does it with words. She sealed the last jar and stored it in the

goes beyond the impromptu, daily fruit room! What better time than

kindnesses which should be natural now, when they are so much enjoyed, with all of us. She makes December to thank her again—or for the first

a month of especial thoughtfulness time—for the stored goods. What

by taking the time to remember, and better time than Christmas to become the time to let people know she rekeen to the little things: a quick, but

members. tasty breakfast at 6 a.m., a newly

Her project might suggest to others covered chair, or shiny cupboards a family night with emphasis on such that, haven't been mentioned since the "remembering,"or simply on planpaint smell faded with their drying.

ning ways to enrich and personalize Or the busy family car might be a the multitude of Christmas cards. father's best means of real Christmas

Many use this simple method of makgiving. His time is important, and his

is his car pride overhauled and ing Christmas meaningful. more One COOKIES CARD CHRISTMAS if it has been two months newlyjoy—but sister personalizes her greetings by

cookies Yield: 3 dozen last the offered the since he up widow including each or three with two

sifted \ teaspoons cups \Yi street not a ride do downtown, XA why ground favorite recipes acshe has which ginger flour it now? teaspoonsteaspoons sugar cup \ XAallpurpose M year. quired the during

Girl shortening Clabber. cup

is, best the of course, Childhood molasses Baking Powder cup }4,% all the cards which you Among salt 1 beaten egg, teaspoon H to the acquainted with time become receive, do enjoy which most? you

Sift flour, together of self, durPowder, Baking of giving experience and

It Likely, Jane's. usually Aunt comes

salt, ginger, into a sugar mixing and children years formative these can ing in the of a -cent form post card two in until mixbowl. shortening Cut of real sensitivity to the needs learn

is fine. is egg; molasses ture the and years some and Add hectographing

mix until well blended. Roll put to dim, but the greeting is original, and others, to the need for warmth, or

of floured practice y% -inchthickness the begin spendthey on lightly can tells she family her you and think into or rectanboard. squares Cut cents ing a on and 15 on dime Jim of forth enough a to put you gles. Place ungreased cooky on that's spend, they because what little Tom, effort. extra in sheet. F. (moderate) a 350 Bake

oven about 8 to 10 minutes. Cool. and continue for the rest of their lives.

Decorate to simulate Christmas The sister who collects beautiful It is doubtful if tenyear-old playcards. poems, witty sayings, a variety of mates used to giving each other color

bits, and then at Christmas time sends books would be pacified with the exPfr-It'UwMeft'. them with greetings to those whom change of compliments, no matter

in ingredients fresh the Remember it's your they fit best, may be doing a small how sincere, but there are many better; things taste recipe that make homebaked

stay fresh longer. thing, but she is putting herself, and things they can do.

each person remembered, into it. One child, for example, learns a

The need of all of us to express, poem every Christmas which he reGuaranteed ] i?&*i and to hear expressed, kind feelings cites to his grandmother, an elderly

Good Housekeeping and assurance that we are rememneighbor, and his Sunday School and bered, might be illustrated by the Primary teachers. It is his gift. Anexperiment of a middleaged couple, other child writes letters to cousins

both psychologists, who sent at midhe seldom sees, and to his grandparyear twenty telegrams to people with ents. A twelveyear-old reads to the

across the street who, elderly they kept little than the more woman years, sixtyfive for All CLABBER GIRL whomyearly a great reader contact. card Christmas now

NOW EXCLUSIVELY KNOWN AS the telegrams said was "Congratulahas difficulty with her eyes. Any

THE THE WITH BAKING POWDER tions."Within two weeks, nineteen child (with a little prompting) might DOUBLE BALANCED ACTION

as appropriate replies an Christmas the choose answers were received, and HULMAN AND COMPANY bishop, the this: like did thank the ward time to went something How HAUTE, INDIANA TERRE

you know we had a new home? How favorite schoolteacher, or the news982 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

paper customer who pays her bill on time, for their help.

of children, speaking And what betfVinnifred fardine ter for time than Christmas a mother or to father write to brief notes the Foremost in the their about and men women whom children have "raving"come home year. during the affect Field of Foods Adults who

youngsters for good should be tops on any list of those parents appreWinnifred Jardine makes hosts ciate.

We are likely to say, at this of hungry Mountain Westerners point, that we have no time. Buying happy. Her daily recipe

has made giving so easy, that we are in the Deseret News gives mother apt to reply: But that is too hard!

Certainly we have enough on our new ideas on cookery.

minds! Mrs. Jardine, herself a western

It is difficult. Real giving always homemaker, has won numerous

is. It takes more thought, more effort, perhaps even more postage. awards for excellence.

Summing it up, it takes more of the Read "Food Is Fun"in your things which to a housewife are Deseret News.

precious: time, attention, thought beyond the family. It takes something

precious from a child who would rather play and from a father who must earn a living. It often demands,

in addition, a humility and selfless attitude which are not easy to attain THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S L6z<tf/H EWSPAPER in one season.

But even the attempt will make spiritual a season which ought to be spiritual, lessen the importance of buying, without necessarily taking its place, and bring us to the New

Year better able to keep that host of resolutions.

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will be one dollar upon publication. In the event

that two with the same idea are submitted, the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

Tack pine cones to a small square of wood. Then let the youngsters sprinkle

grass seeds in the scales of the cones and set the cone trees in a pan of water. With

the cones kept moist the grass seed will sprout green and soon there will be small—Mrs.ChristmaslikeE. T., LostreesAngeles,to delightCalif.the children.

Substitute chopped almonds for peanuts in peanut brittle recipe. Pour on a buttered

plate that is covered with finely shredded coconut. Press more coconut on top of

candy with spatula. Mrs. E. P., Los

Angeles, Calif. Phone EM 3-2676

Largest selection of gifts and toys in Salt leftover Use pastry to dates wrap which are stuffed fruits with nuts. or Place on a Lake City. Orders placed before Decemcooky sheet with the folded side down and ber 15 will be delivered in time for

—Mrs.bake in E.a hotP., ovenLos Angeles,(450) 10Calif.to 15 minutes. Christmas!

DECEMBER 1956 983 How to enjoy deluxe "fountain sundaes Little Goes a Long Way 3+ home wi+h TouincXftide by Ruth K. Kent

toppings

r 's S FUDGE TSaJT?-- ft!>. *:!

Surprises are a wonderful part of don't have. They give a different

Christmas, but when they come flavor and are nourishing, too.

in the form of unexpected guests If there are not enough eggs to go at mealtimes, they can shatter the around for breakfast, use what there holiday menus which have been so are to make French toast. If there

carefully planned. We frequently are only a few slices of bacon, cook

need to know how to make a little them and then crumble into waffle food go a long way, and it is easily or pancake batter.

iVow make siindaes like a fountain prodone. Pork chops or pork steaks can be

fessional—the Big, Pride Towne way! onions, chopped of fish, browned; and add one diced amount To a small -luscious, watering sodas and mouth

sprouts celery, a can of bean of peas. and with two can Cover number to eat.sundaes are that a dream Towne

Pride Toppings do it for you—so easily, a cream sauce, top with crushed potato added to them; and the mixture served

iceso simply. Makes serving cream five chips or buttered crumbs, and bake over rice. Or rice and tomato juice

fivetimes as enjoyable. delicious Comes in

flavors: chocolate fudge, strawberry, until heated through. Or, make a can be added to the diced pork and

butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup. substantial fish chowder by adding simmered until the rice is done.

potato for body, finely cut carrots for To make ground meat stretch, add color, and minced onions and bacon bread crumbs, cereal, cracker crumbs, for flavor. cooked rice, or cooked macaroni, andToumeXftMe If the steak is obviously not going plenty of tomato sauce.

to reach, cut it into oneinch cubes, Leftovers can come in handy, too.

brown, and add chopped onion and When there are leftover potatos, and just enough water to simmer. When no meat, make a white sauce and dice

the meat is tender, thicken the mixthe potatoes into it. Add sliced hard

ture and serve the meat and gravy boiled eggs or cubes of cheese.

together, over potatoes or boiled rice. Leftover fruits can be combined,

Fruits, peaches or berries for examchilled, and served as a fruit cup.

ple, will serve extra persons if a sliced Put a little honey over them just bebanana or two is added to them. fore serving.

Bananas enhance the flavor and are When there is nothing green left especially good if the fruit is used for for a salad, open a can of string beans.

shortcake. Add a little vinegar and salad oil

Ham can be stretched by cutting and some sliced onions. Let this

it into small pieces and putting it into marinate if there is time. Serve on

gay ceramic Honey Bee a cream sauce to be served over bis- a lettuce leaf or garnished with pars-...with its plump little tummy packed full cuits, or add minced ham to eggs and ley or celery tops for a tasty salad.

of Miller's gathered fancy clover honey, by scramble together. There is a way to stretch every-

"traveling the bees"you read famous about in Reader's Digest! Gold and black Try substituting tomato juice, soup, thing. A little trying and a lot of

6"iron bee, long, with wrought legs. hot sauce, or vegetable juice when imagination will make most foods

in itself, cellophane Honey, bag so server is reusable. A conversation piece on any casserole dishes call for milk you go farther. Good luck!

table! Giftboxed. Shipped prepaid anywhere in U.S.A., tax incl., only $3.00. Send

check or money order (no C.O.D. please) to:

MILLER'S HONEY COMPANY Dept. E-12, Cotton, California

The Honey of Honeys since 1894 'rr DRINK over eatfluffychunksriceinorwhitemashedsauce,potatoesserved and—a goodgarnishedway withto stretchstuffeda oliv#little slicesmeat

in. ficq A delightful a long way when guests drop

hot beverage for those who don't drink coffee.

AT YOUR GROCERS 984 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Child Grows

(Continued from page 909) temple that day. There was in Jerusalem a good and just man named

Simeon who had been promised through the Holy Ghost that he would not die until he had seen the

Christ. On this morning he had

been directed by the spirit to go to the temple. When he saw the baby

Jesus, he knew that the promise had been fulfilled.

Taking the baby in his arms, he praised God, "And Joseph and his mother marveled at those things which were spoken of him."Then he Pueblo girl plans to make Home Economics her career

blessed the little one and his parents.

Nor was that all. Also in the Colorado Governor Presents Ribbon to TeenAge Cook

temple was a righteous woman named Colorado's Governor Edwin Johnson raised specialties. And they're easier

Anna. A widow, she had spent all attended the State Fair last year and to make with Fleischmann's Active

of her time in that holy place for he presented a cooking award to Dry Yeast handy. It keeps for

many years, serving God both day Miss Dorothy Dowen. An expert months—always ready. And serve

and night. Luke records, "And she ascook,well.Dorothy won 9 other ribbons Fleischmann'sDishes, too—there's"Yeast -Riz"a recipeMainon

coming in at that instant gave thanks Dorothy makes practical use of every "Thrifty Three."Fleischlikewise unto the Lord and spake of her experience in cooking contests mann's is always fast rising easy to

him to all them that looked for reshe's studying Home Economics! use. Get Fleischmann's Active Dry

demption in Jerusalem."And, of course, she uses FleischYeast—it's the best.

mann's Active Dry Yeast. "It's fast

impression get the sometimesW/e she says. and easy,""And keeps Get the New or Magi, the wise "that men, from right in mother's cupboard."

the east who visited the baby Jesus Holiday time is here—so if you "Thrifty Three

did so on the night the Christ Child bake at home you'll be serving yeastAnother Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc.

was born. They are often pictured

on Christmas cards, or in pageants, in the manger scene along with the shepherds. This idea is undoubtedly

in error.

These wise men, and tradition has placed their number at three, were obviously strangers in the land of

Palestine. When they arrived they family dinner

went to King Herod to inquire, once a week

Where is he that is born King of the

Jews? for we have seen his star in the at the

east and are come to worship him.

Many have tried to discover just COFFEE where in the "east"these wise mencame from, but no one has been sucSHOP cessful in determining this.

It is popularly supposed that they came from Babylonia. Some speculate that they were actually Jews who

remained in that eastern country following the captivity, while others i < say this is not possible. All of this

is not much more than guesswork, however. Probably what is important Hotel Utah

for us to remember is that travel was Max Carpenter slow in those days and even if they

Managercame by camel, which is likely for men of their standing, it would have taken them days, or perhaps even weeks, to make such a trip.

(Continued on following page) DECEMBER 1956 985 The Child Grows (Continued from preceding page) another way. He also warned Joseph KITCHEn CHflRm

WAXED PAPER Herod'sIt is reactionnot hardto totheimaginequestionKingput andin a fleedreamintotoEgypt.take MaryThis andtheyJesusdid

is to leaving wise the immediately, by by night so that men, him "Where KEEPS FOOD is that of the born king they be detected. he would not Jews?"

FRESHER LONGER! Herod was the only king of the Jews. As the days passed, the realization

Had it not been so declared in Rome? grew in the tortured mind of the

Had he not proved it by helping to wicked king that the wise men whom capture Jerusalem, by ruling with a he planned so carefully to use to flagrant fist, by rebuilding the city further his despicable plans were not and the temple and by expanding the going to return. He had been

borders of the country? tricked! His plan had failed!

Naturally he was shocked by the But he would still get rid of the question. But he was too wise to child. If he couldn't locate him, he

show that he was disturbed. One would kill all of the "children that

can picture him perhaps inviting the were in Bethlehem, and in all the

Magi to be his guests overnight so coasts thereof, from two years old and that they could talk about it on the under, according to the time which morrow when they rested from their he had diligently inquired of the wise tiresome travels. Quickly he had men."

gathered the chief priests and scribes And so the order was issued, and so of the people and "he demanded of his soldiers went from house to house them where Christ should be born."killing the little ones, wresting them

And they said unto him, In Bethlehem from the arms of their sobbing of Judea: for thus it is written by the mothers, or sticking them through

prophet, while they slept in their cribs.

And thou Bethlehem, in the land of A more dastardly deed can hardly least art not the Juda, the princes among for out shall of thee of Juda: a be imagined; yet it seems to fit into come

POPULAR WITH MILLIONS Governor, that shall rule my people Israel. the pattern of what this man Herod

OF HOUSEWIVES... would do. He had come into power

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS Immediately the evil mind of Herod and built his kingdom on a record devised a cunning plan. This child of violence and murder. Some of

his by had been killed own sons 'Pot /tCl /IfM—wasnot abethreatpermittedto his tothrone.live. HeCallingmust Aristo- a brotherin-law, his order;

the traveling Magi to him, he prebulus, he had strangled with his own VITAMINS AND tended to show a sincere interest in hands; Mariamne, his beautiful wife,

MINERALS theand starinquiredand theof thembirth whenof the theChrist,star didmassnotkillingseven escapehad beenhis cruelty;ordered andby

Drink them in had first appeared. When he had him more than once. But because

found out all he could, he sent them of the instructions given Joseph, the telling to Bethlehem, them that was saved. was babe delicious juice form—use a the child where would be found and it is long Again, not known how Speed JUICER SWEDEN saying, child with their and Joseph Mary

there are your age, Whatever stayed long Herod in Egypt or how search diligently for Go and the young for natural in nutrients you child; ye the babies lived after and when have found him, bring murhe had juices the of carfresh-made

rots, celery, apples, cabbage, me word again, that I may come and dered.

etc. -Enjoy their true natural worship him also. The biblical account merely states: delicious flavor goodness, with

a Sweden Speed Juicer. Fully When the wise men left Jerusalem, But when Herod was dead, behold, an

guaranteed. An ideal gift. another marvelous event took place. angel of the Lord appeareth in a dream

The star they had seen in the east to Joseph in Egypt, in Juice operate Easy to seconds. reappeared. How they rejoiced! Here andSaying,his mother,Arise, andand takego intothe youngthe landchildof

M Easy to clean. again was the heavensent sign. FolIsrael: for they are dead which sought the n lowing it they found young child's life.

u.l. & C.S.A

APPROVED the young child with Mary his mother, But when Joseph learned that and fell down and worshipped him: and Herod's son Archelaus ruled in JeruAt leading departwhen they had opened their treasures, they salem in place of his father, he took

ment, appliance presented unto them gifts; gold, and frankinhealth-food and Mary and Jesus back to Nazareth in

stores, or write for cense, and myrrh. i

free folder. Galilee. That this was an inspired

But the Lord knew of the schemes move is shown by the fact that the

PAT. NO. 2297880 CWCDCN of Herod; and when the time came new king was of the same metal as <ySPEED JUICER OTHERS PENDING for the wise men to return to their was his father.

country, protected his Son. he warned them had in a But God CO. own FREEZER MFG. SWEDEN "so not to tell Herod, continued) they went be dream (To DEPT.JI-2 JUICER DIVISION 99, SEATTLE WASH.

986 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Dress for Cinderella

(Continued from page 905) A Glass of MILKreceived explanations, laid money in

Pat's hand, replaced the dress in the in EVERY Loafwindow.

Pat rode on to 3800 Blakely Street, and saw the neighborhood grow more sordid with each block. Her knock

on the door of one of the shabbiest houses brought her face to face with a stout, poorly dressed woman. There

was a circle of children of various ages around her and there were lines of worry on her broad face. When

Pat explained that she had found the lost bills, tears rolled down Mrs.

Molloy's cheeks. She swept an arm Enriched

toward the underfed brood and spoke with Vitamins words of gratitude. But Pat hardly and Iron

heard her. She had already heard it Royal Baking Co

from Jeanie Milan. Refusing the reSalt Lake and Ogden f your Grocer's

ward bill Mrs. Molloy offered, Pat

hurried away. On the steps she

turned and called back a little drearily, "I hope you and the childrenhave a happy Christmas, Mrs. MolJoin MARCH OF DIMES Tloy."

The woman's lips trembled.

"If we do,"she said, "it is because of you, Miss."

Prices & \! i-ii

tried Pat not to feel heroic over Direct to Discounts that. The poor woman was so grateChurches, Schools, 1

ful, and how could she know that and all Institutions

Pat Pettigrew's rent money was clutched in her hand?

The next morning it was snowing.

TRUCKS softPat curtain, walked the through storingMONROE 1 truck Forthe easy wayTables of tonight.thinking not Jiandles modernFoldingtables Things had

of EachandConstruestorageChairs chairs.permits No. TSCor tionin limited Truckeitherspace. asturned out planned, she had but TransportTruck No.StorageTS

still Christopher Drake was coming! ChurchChurch UnitsPurchasingmay directDepartment,their inquiries47 toEasttheAnd it was Christmas—a white, beauSouth Temple, Salt Lake City 1, Utahtiful Christmas! As she passed THE IMCWIOC COMPANY

Milady's Dress Shop, she barely 249 CHURCH STREET, COLFAX. IOWA

glanced at the window. But the bare

glance was sufficient to show her that the blue velvet dress was gone. Some EASY QUICK

lucky girl was going to look wonderFILMS!

ful for Christmas! EARNINGS

into She stepped and DEVELOPED a doorway The Christian Way offered a silent prayer. "Forgive and PRINTED

Officers, Teachers, Members selfish, she Lord,"me for being enjoy and—both men women—canChurchwhispered. really for "I didn't ask full part or time, earnings steady

the dress. It was Christopher Drake Send Coin Only working in a most dignified Christian

or enjoy - No COD,*I asked for. The bills just came way—yourtravel. Endorsedown communityby ALL Protestant GUARANTEE! MONEYBACK

and the dress. Then they all went groups... NO COMPETITION. Many

full time people make $10,000.00 to Lord, please help me get SAM'SP. PHOTO1115, Dept O. Boxand—and, AALAB $15,000.00 a year. Salt City, Utah Lake rent."for themoney

A rewarding lifetime career offered

After the prayer Pat felt better. by a company 34 years old. Write

fully to van. Paul Mr Antwerpen,She halfconscious of a figure was beFor Scraps Your Scrapbook 601IE, 1018 So. Ave., Room Wabashside her. startled She a was when selections Choice the collection from of 5, Illinois. Chicago

Lorenzo Harry Payne, former president ofsmall, cold touched her hand own. A the Temple. Arizona $1.10 postpaid Only

piece of paper was thrust into her direct from... A minister writes, "GOD answered

to earn PRAYER and showed my me how Mrs. Harry L. Paynefingers.

first only spare year working $3600.00 Ashland Mesa, Arizona

time."(Concluded on. following page) 460 North

DECEMBER 1956 987 A Dress for Cinderella Resolve in the New (Concluded from preceding page)

Year to save lot "I followed you."It was the thin

"I didn't glasses. thick the with more of the Good girl lived, or where you your name know

Things in Lite! so I watched for you on the corner

enjoyable yourself more Promise living secure a more.. and where"But—butI met youthe money,"before."Pat looked account a savings future.. Open

at the Trust and & Utah Savings for the things regularly save you at the twenty dollar bill with puzzled

WANT now... and the things eyes. "It was yours."

you'll NEED later. The girl smiled and shook her head.

21/2% interest "No, it wasn't really. I read Mrs.

compounded semiannually Molloy's advertisement in the paper, and of course I couldn't keep it. I

borrowed another twenty and took insured account Each to it to her. She said you had been

F.D.I.C. $10,000 by the

there, but she didn't know your name,

Herbert A. Snow, either."

in Pat's President there was a lump Suddenly CD. S TRUST UTAH SAVINGS

E. Judd, D. CITY, UTA LAKE MAIN SALT 30 SOUTH girl's throat. hand, for the Reaching

Executive whispered pressed it hard. she She VicePresident hs MIMtll riOIRAl RttllVI tTSTIM f. 0. I. C. softly, a very have you will "I know

happy Christmas."

She laughed a little as she stepped out into the snow again.

"It's sort of odd—Mrs. Molloy, this

strange girl, and I. Not one of us hasGive a LIFETIME Christmas Present

a single thing more than we had to

An attractive gift certificate, good for ail or part of a start with. Still, we all seem to think

course at LDS Business College can be purchased outwe have gained something. Strange

right or by installments. things happen at Christmas time

Thorough training for office work is a gift that cannot miracles."

Pat enjoyed the tramp through the be lost, destroyed, or worn out. It is an investment

whiteness. Strangely, all the depresthat yields money, satisfaction, and selfconfidence.

sion was gone from her heart, and

WRITE OR SEND COUPON TODAY she wanted to sing. "God rest ye

refrain gentlemen,"was the——1 merry, LDS. - --———BUSINESS COLLEGE, 70 North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah she to her memory, and that came

( ) Send full information about College. hummed the melody. Then she

herself improvising. ( ) Tell me how I can buy a Gift Certificate. found WINTER Name you merry, Molly Molloy—little"God rest QUARTER Address strange Milan!"She girl—Jeanie

as she added, "God begins Tuesday, City Zone State grinned slightly

January 2 rest you merry, Chris Drake! And

please, dear Lord, let him like red wool."BUSINESS COLLEGE PHONE

Branch of Brigham Young University EM 3-2765 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY RECIPE FOR CHRISTMAS

By Bernice Ames to sent Fear them, said unto 3-cent stamp angel the "And A of shortening the your from memory JVIelt tid- I bring good you behold,not: for,

snow, all to shall be joy, great whichings of of mistletoe, Stir the white in magic Era Improvement The this is day born unto youpeople. For

star sprinkled Sifting the radiance by is which city a Saviour, Davidin the of Street 50 North Main the candycane sweet Together with from... there suddenly the Lord AndChrist

16, Salt City Utah Lake jar; the a multitude the angel of withwas

bell, steeple of pealings loud with Season saying, praising host and God, for Index reserve a 1956 willheavenly you well; caroler's music, them combining With highest, in on and the toGlory God

of in delight in your great wreaths Beat will totcard men."peace,earth good

heart, HELP WANTEDPRINTER—Luke 2:1011, 1314

position open for exBlending Permanent part. fire log is yule glowing with the while perienced compositor at BYU. Please Bake LEON BROWN with fragrance that pine trees imchoir. candles that halo the as the contact And slow

Frost with gold tinsel and gaycolored light:

5th South 10th West Phone EM 4-5544 BYU PLACEMENT BUREAU Enjoy with deep blessing a year that is

Salt Lake City, Utah Provo, Utah right.

988 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (aSS*RR3*5SS*3*5l3 *** Eyes Are r4ow j/ine the oLiine Richard L. Evans Precious!

Most OF us at times make absentminded or inattentive errors. We dial a wrong number or write a wrong date or put something in the wrong place or pass an intersection GOOD LIGHT

result more the is no to on. Often turn intended that we

loss time. BRINGS of or a little of embarrassment a bit serious than

sometimes then But tially the same thing—onlywe read ofinsomeonea littlewhodifferenthas donesettingessenBETTER SIGHT

perhaps pulled a wrong switch or touched a wrong wire, with tragic consequences. And it sobers us to think what

could have happened to us if we had made one of our own errors under similar circumstances. Except for some very

narrow escapes, perhaps any of us or all of us could be numbered with those whom we pity or with those whom we condemn. And we may never know how narrowly we may have

missed the fate of someone who has had a terrible tragedy.

This thought is unforgettably expressed in the comment often quoted and commonly credited to John Bradford, Chaplain Buy from Your Dealer to Edward VI of sixteenthcentury England. Seeing a condeath, knowing off to his and demned man marched of the Be Modern... often and unmade, are made men by which narrow margins

he exclaimed: "There, but for the grace of God, goes John Live Electrically

Bradford."1 Significantly, he himself later met a similar unfortunate fate. There is often only a very fine line between UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

winning and losing. In a race the difference may be only

the shaving of a second. In business, the difference may be

only one wrong decision among a thousand right ones. In a

only one be the difference event may competitive point. In GRIND YOUR OWN mechanical small only one the difference may be an accident,

mishap or one small error of judgment. In so many things FLOUR & CEREAL

we do in life, there is an exceedingly fine line between safety with this sturdy and sorrow. We ourselves may not see it at the moment.

But often others see it, and are frightened for us. And afterwards we are frightened for ourselves. This is one reason WHEAT MILL

why parents are so often afraid for children, and why children are often not afraid for themselves. Parents have the experiONLY

ence and perspective to see how fine the line can be between safety and sorrow, between success and failure. And the $g50

young should give respectful consideration to the precautions

POSTPAID differthe of seasoned others of parents and judgment—for

the ANYWHERE but inconsequential, seem sometimes in cause ences may IN differences in result may be eternally great. And we should AMERICA

have compassion for the man who has met misfortune, for the man who has made a mistake, for the man who narrowly SI] missed being what he might have been—and should never Mill cracks or grinds wheat, corn and all

forget that "there, but for the grace of God,"am I. And kinds of hard or soft grains. Grinds V/t

minute. per cereal of flouror pounds prayerful and us to humble keep help should the thought

.. Pehrson's.. Fully by guaranteed

fast to hard and holding to us keep help grateful, and and

L.D.S. PRICES GROUPS SPECIAL TO of every side to the right decision, and of every side right the

road.* $6.50Please(checksendor memoneyone order.)Wheat Mill. Inclosed is

Name ZJhe Spoken>p Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE Address

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING City -

SYSTEM, OCTOBER 21, 1956 Copyright 1956 State % * Revised ijohn Bradford, Works, Vol. II. PEHRSON HARDWARE

2102 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

DECEMBER 1956 989

How to Keep Others From Never too late for Christmas

Thinking You Are Deaf.. (Continued from page 902) so much confusion that Gramp knew

Chris explained confidentially, the doings hadn't started yet.

the door. The ChristNow! "You know, Gramp. I've had my amFred opened

bitions, too, some of them none too mas tree was lighted and loaded with

gifts. to go I wanted star to coltinsel great yellow and A

irrigation it. to be an HEARING GLASSES fancy.lege andOncelearn top of the could crowned Gramp

with Nothing expertdesert. andInsteadtell folksof howthat, toherewaterI theam seethem,the dressedchildren,outa bigin roomtheir fullfinery,of

in the Ear a 'dry'farmer, with only your little some of them as fairies, and some as old garden ditches on the whole dolls, and a bunch as elves and bulky bows, thick ranch."brownies. Gramp stood looking at or frames dangling

cords to advertise your hearing loss. Ideal for Gramp laughed and shook the snow them, and he felt supremely happy.

conductive his his type put it back deaffrom cap on and everyone Suddenly looked toward ness. Be smart. Wear said, head. "Yes,"our he all have "we arose. a great the shout door, and slenderized Maico

Hearing Glasses. Get ambitions; maybe it's good they don't "Santa Claus! Santa Claus! Santa has booklet Free!

MAICO, Room 'G all work out."come!"

21 North Stresf, 3rd Minneapolis, Minn. HOW TO But now they were gliding down Gramp just stood there. He could CHOOSE Please free send booklet.

AND USE feel trickle of the the water from hill into slope Pass, the of the Name Pihon 'I HEARING

Address that in his beard. melting snow was GLASSES of see the lighted they could and some City State side, whispered, At his Fred "Shake the through snow. windows

the sleigh bells, Gramp. Shake 'em

"There's no light in the store,"hard!"

Fred said, leaning forward in the Gramp started to swing the bells, sleigh as it slid to a stop on Main and they made a glad noise.

Street.

Then Gramp saw Margey rushing Chris got out and shook the snow off his coat and looked around. Gramp through the crowd towards him. She

whispered in his ear. "Ben hasn't

sat very still on the spring seat. Finalhaven't any Santa Claus! ly Fred said, "We should have got come. We

I guess he couldn't get through the ready earlier and got a better start.

drifts. But we've got his suit and Or else the snow shouldn't have come

—or something. What'll you do hisquick!"pack all prepared. Come in here,

without a suit, Gramp?"

Grampa was being pushed along said mind,""I'm "Never Gramp. GOLD BUCKET RUSH into the little room back of the stairs.

Filled with Miller's CreamyClover I've HONEY dressed. a suit got on. We'll

He watched Margey unroll the Santa For those friends who "have everything!"go just the way we are, snow and

suit. Claus Fred had followed them Philippine reusable Smart, bucket Mahogany

all, time."have a good and we'll oz. trim with brass holds of Miller's 12 to pull started the he in, and now

a delicious, Honey... CreamyClover dripChris got into the back and Fred suit over spread! pure, head. less honey from white Made Gramp's down Gramp

clover honey, gathered Miller's by famous sleigh, they turned and so surprised couldn't that he around and was in "traveling read you bees"Reader's about to drove over the meetinghouse. gift., of a different, Digest!.new, A honey believe at Claus he was really Santa

inexpensive! prepaid Shipped anywhere in "You go on with Gramp, Fred, last. U.S.A., tax incl., $2.00. or m.o. Send check

(no C.O.D.) to: while I get the team unhitched and "You're it!"Margey said. "You're

MILLER'S HONEY COMPANY put them in the shed,"Chris said. perfect! Why didn't we think of this F-12, California Colton, Dept.

The Honey of Honeys since 1894 Fred helped Grampa out of the before?"

sleigh. Then he took all the sleigh The suit was red, with a wide borHome Sewing Opportunity! bells off the harness and bridles and der of cotton batting on the sleeves

put them in Gramp's hands. Gramp and on the bottom of the coat. The $200 Monthly Possible, Sewing Babywear—

sins; PlayTimeNew Dresses;Baby Sandals.Lacing LeatherNo houseMoccato was so covered with snow that he trousers were red and baggy. Fred

house selling! Rush stamped, selfaddressed looked like a snow man. You couldn't stuffed the cuffs of the trousers into for further details! envelope

BABYGAY, P-13, WARSAW, INDIANA tell where his beard ended and Grampa's big ranch boots. He pulled

his coat began. Fred started to brush the peaked Santa Claus cap down

off the snow. over Grampa's head so that only the

Hthltral ffiflBium "Let me be,"Gramp objected. "I fringe of Grampa's white hair

FOR want to look this way. I like it."showed.

PLAYSPAGEANTS-CANTATAS They went up the steps, toward the "Take a look at yourself,"Margey

SALT LAKE COSTUME door of the meetinghouse. They said, as she turned Gramp around to

248 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah could hear voices inside but there was the wall mirror.

990 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gramp looked at himself. He was

really grand. He was Santa Claus. IT'S A SflOtt Hop ANYWHERE

He was shaped like Santa Claus; he

had hair like Santa Claus. His beard by Long Distance!

was better than any Santa Claus ever had. Gramp's cheeks were rosy red,

and he had a big smile.

"You're it!"Margey said again,

beaming at him. fSj FOR BUSINESS OR PLEASURE,

Fred lifted the Santa Claus pack and slipped the strap over Gramp's shoulder. He put the sleigh bells Long Distance hand.back in Gramp's

Grampa moved toward the door, toward the Christmas lights and the s FAST, the glitterchildren, and toward hapDEPENDABLEpiness, the hope and the youth and out there. He clutched the sleigh and INEXPENSIVE

bells and began to swing them so that they rang out with a glad, loud sound.

He looked at the eager faces of the children and began to tell them what MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE they wanted to hear. "Now, when I

left the North Pole, I said to Mrs.

her, to I said Claus,Santa 'Do \Jur {J5ctbu you SKIN PROBLEMS? are"in reindeer shape goodthink my troubled with rough, dry, If you are Fromfor an adolesskin or the trip, are or itching have you

skin got the''dolls scalingcent troubles with have and ready?'Is everythingdressed? Eight Years given Birth To thinking despair, no product would up in

now offer of popular demand we skin, relieve or heal your then suit you the owe Because wearing he was Gramp life pictorial and narrative this lovely it try to to yourself H & M OINTMENT. really to the suit wear, hewanted baby. for your journal record this healing marvelous druggist has Yourliked—the one that fit him—the ointment and will gladly refund your This can be used as a prelude to our origexact fit! money if you are not pleased with reinal "Through The Years"which is at

sults. It is pleasant to use, odorless and present used extensively by more mature

skincolor. children and adults.

Also "OUR BABY"may be used as a distinctive and individual record.

This is a very suitable Christmas or BirthThese Times day present for the baby.

ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO SATISFY. Very high quality paper and beautifully H cloth post illustrated looseleaf in your drugMstore, or order from bound (Concluded from page 882) Get it at Price guaranteed. Satisfaction binding.

to be binding without tests Poland and in Hungary The & in H LABORATORIES M $1.00 bock the Years"insertedPricein "Through

,151 of 1956 closing NORTH, NEPHl, UTAH not have the EAST days 2ND may $2.25. with binding

been ultimate. But like the forces of 1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00

nationalism, heard from many quarters, POSTPAID Emma Wakefield they suggest that men on the land still 531 North University Ave. Provo, Utah

cling to national traditions. Even in

Russia, a critic by name of L. Knipper

wrote in Sovyetskaya Muzyka (Soviet

Music) in 1951: "Can it be that Russian "BANQUETMASTER"GOSPEL IDEALS

is ALLNEW belonger THE NEW! music Russian music no the Discourses TABLE Selections from BANQUET FOLDING

it Soviet cause music? became The of TODAY! FOR DESIGNED

.. in nation. has Russian no way

ceased being Russian by becoming David O. McKay

Soviet."$4.00 A constructive international order has At All Bookdealers to be built on the basis of nationalism K

as building blocks. The lesson of 1956

may well be that internationalism cannot be imposed by force and conspiracy, Made in the West by L.D.S. workmen. IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS especially the communist variety—thus BISHOPS—Before you buy, compare Banclearing the way for greater wisdom in quetmastersworkmanship,for beautyquality ofof design.material Lowand Aids in treatment of Canker, simple

1957. The United Nations, predicated cost—only $22.66 in lots of 12 or more. sore throat and other minor mouth

Unlimited Guarantee and throat irritations. on the structure of nationalism, may

sent for your inspection. Sample table

well have benefited from the events of Write or telephone collect 4390.

1956. D. H. LOOSLI REMEDY CO., INC. HALLS Idaho Falls, Idaho Soviet in the Union,"'Control of Tensions City, Utah Salt Lake 44: 266282 Political Science Review (June American

1950.) DECEMBER 1956 991 ttEIJ

ERRATA

On page 803 of the November Improvement Era, we inadvertently misspelled Rulon B. Stanfield's name in identifying the members of the general board of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Association. Also, that board has four

very wonderful members who were not listed. Alphabetically,

they are: Wendell E. Adams, Harrald S. Alvord, Joseph F.

Catmull, and Keith M. Engar.

Also, on page 814, Elder N. Lorenzo Mitchell was erroneously identified as Elder Lester F. Hewlett.

Albuquerque, N. Mex.

POCATELLO EIGHTH WARD MIA MAIDS ACHIEVE Dear Editors:

is the are doing wonderful. think work you are no There Pocatello of Eighth the Pocatello North Ward, Mia Maids

to express for The words sending Improvement The my gratitude tied their Stake, rose bouquet. recently (Idaho) From to me. left to Era

right in Sharon Beck, Marlene Hawkins, the photograph: Sharon

(Mia Foster, Jeanette Maid c/o H. B. Blankenship Jensen Dahl, Smith, Marion Maridean

leader), Wendy Walker, Maria Kay Onstott, Pat Williams, Joan

Kinney, Kathleen Oborn. Raleigh, N. C.

Dear Editors:

certainly enjoy receiving the Era each month and partaking * of its fine truths, it will be with me the rest of my life regardless of what I'm doing or where I might be.

Sincerely, South San Gabriel California c/o Thomas Draper 21 October 1956

Att'n: Doyle L. Green

Managing Editor cGOOD SAMARITANS'OF DALLAS

Editors: T1 he first quorum of elders in the Dallas (Texas) Stake has re-

A cently completed worthy a most of a remodeling project—the Since we are studying the New Testament this year, your article families of of one of the needy appearing the stake. Those home

"The Birthplace left Valentine, Kerr, Alex to right: Leamen Way-

a welcome Robert Barrus, Tolman, Tolman. Lewis and one. We ofhavetheenjoyedSon of studyingGod"in itthetogether.October Oneissue,point,was manin theFlowers,picture areByron

attention boldly to our however, came >is R. Richard Steed, who worked with the group,

last year. studying the Testament Old here. sinceWe wereadhadon justpagefinished722 Notand waspicturedthe photographer

"Two of Solomon's sons, Rehoboam and Jeroboam, in their struggle for power—etc."When we came to this we stopped to check and

found in I Kings 11:26 'And Jeroboam the son of Nebat, an

Ephrathite of Zereda, Solomon's servant, whose mother's name was

Zeruah, a widow woman, even he lifted up his hand against the king.'Other sources, such as Peloubet's Bible Dictionary, give

similar information noting that Jeroboam was an Ephraimite. Our

teacher, Sister Nell C. Alleman, was happy that we were able to

assimilate this bit of confusion without detracting from the great values of this fine article. We hope you will give us more of these

stimulating writings on Jesus the Christ.

Sincerely yours,

Anita Hoover Lea Willmatt Marsha Thomas'

Mary Anna Saxell Kent Stevenson Marv Ann Pohl

Linda Keeler Grace Stephens Randy Outle

Katherine Bowles Nancy Cox Kent Galbraith

Dianne Bell Norlene Anderson Mary Jo Alleman

Carroll Bailey Douglas Busteed Carolyn M. Haws

Mary Ann Grudzinski Karen Hooper Maurice Jimerson

Peggy Sessions, Class President

Thanks. You are absolutely right, the statement is in error.

—D. L. G.

992 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

verlasting as the Spirit of Christm<

On this Christmas day and throughout the New Year, as we worship the Prince of Peace in sacred sanctuaries that dot the valleys and hills, may each of us dwell more deeply on the teachings of hope and good will that have survived through centuries..

and so thinking draw closer to families, friends, and neighbors. May peace, happiness and contentment

dwell with you always on Christmas and every day of the New Year.

Manufacturers of Burned Clay Products

INTERSTATE BRICK CO.

3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Cfiristmas Dreams

Rich or poor, children look with equal wistfulchildren... but he can use a helping hand. You

ness and longing into store windows at Christmas. can help him insure a continuous succession of

For, to the children, the anticipation of the good carefree Christmases with wellfilled stockings for things they'll receive is much of the joy of the your young ones. Make it a New Year's resolution

Holiday Season. to let your friendly Beneficial agent tell you about

Of course, Santa always takes care of his "Planned Futures."Do it soon.

BENEFICIAL LIFE rtMi'iance ompanu

Salt Lake City, Utah David O. McKay, Pres