|3f* '# 5 JNik *fji

*? *!* - w vm w.

,,s

.

*, <* '%fe J V

;..'*'.,:. f$&i ':

ISP*"'*j>, J *

Ill III

I

APRIL, 1942 RETURN POSTAGE GUARANTEED Y, UTAH JahmfUtdu 0$, ituL (jrf&At

CONSIDER THESE QUESTIONS

WHEN PLANNING SPRING PLANTING

T. What crop does America need

most?

2. What crop offers you assurance

of a dependable, fair cash income?

3. What crop offers you the best

opportunity NOW to establish a favorable farm program for after the war?

4. What crop offers you the best opportunity to benefit not only your

nation, but every person in your community as well?

Liu Jhi. iznAw&L

SUGAR BEETS

AND THESE ARE THE REASONS: 3. The farmer who plants a maximum acreage of sugar

beets now, while acreage restrictions are lifted, will establish a performance history that will assure him a 1. With millions of tons of foreign sugar lost, and with favorable acreage allotment on returning to the quota

sugar needed in defense industries and to supply our system.

allies, the nation is asking beet growers to plant beets 4. The farmer who grows sugar beets not only helps the

up to the full processing capacity of our sugar factories. nation to carry on the war—but he also benefits himself,

and every man, woman, and child in his district, for 2. Through good times and bad, sugar beets can be dewherever the beet sugar industry flourishes, the entire

pended upon to yield a dependable cash return. region prospers with it.

THE AMALGAMATED SUGAR CO. UTAHIDAHO SUGAR CO.

FRANKLIN COUNTY SUGAR CO. GUNNISON SUGAR, INC.

LAYTON SUGAR CO.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

Mo*n, Ucuu cost 9

By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

TVTan's interest in the past seems to be 1 almost as old as the race. A palace

recently uncovered at Ur, the ancient home of Abraham, has a labeled series of objects of archaelogical interest from a museum of 3000 B. C. The

Greeks in the thousand years before the birth of Christ kept fossils and othercurios in some of their temples. GRAHAMS

Rich in the food values and fine taste of ChapparalAbout onequarter of the total heat flavored honey, selected flours and pure shortening.** the is lost produced by body by Deliciously baked in the modern Purity ovens.the vaporization of water. This seems

to be true from infancy to old age, when the body is in a quiet, comfortable Keep a package handy for the children. Now in the

condition. rich brown package.. at your grocery store.

An artist's best oil paintings are more '**'likely to be produced when the arPURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City, Utah

tist is from ages thirtytwo to thirtysix Gentlemen: Please send free copy of your

than during any other interval of equal clever new "Cartoon Cookery".

length, according to H. C. Lehman of

Ohio University on the basis of a study Name.

of the world's greatest painters. This

conclusion does not mean a certainty, Address.

but that it is statistically probable, that a given artist's greatest oil paintings will be executed while the artist is still in 4-42 thirties.his

/an juice,youor cutcan youfruitcutwithoutcake withwastinglittle or no loss in crumbs? A new knife

made of the plastic material lucite has a sharp notched blade and a row of holes running parallel to the back which make More Service it possible to get a clean cut without waste. The knife is stainless, noncorrosive, and practically unbreakable,

and is available in crystalclear, rose, More Often blue, or green transparent plastic. to——

I-Jow large a rocket ship would be

A necessary for a man to travel to the More Places moon and return, by the firing of rockets? A recent calculation estimates that

under favorable the most circumstances Serving BOTH ofthe space ship would have to be about as massive as Mt. Everest. America's Great Armies

SAVE More frequent schedules, timed for of force conditions wind andA study to it easier"of visibility exceptional during the YOUR CARyourleave convenience,when you like makeand return when fiftypast in years the Pacific northOcean found that unusually good visiGO BY BUS! you wish. Easychair comfort, fireside

warmth, dollarsaving fares to andbility likely most the was when wind save vital materials And more places, America'svelocity for BOTH four from miles was to seven for National Defensel great armies civilian. military hour. the is andan velocity wind When—too,

greater, visibility is the often lessened by a haze of composed water See Yous 1 Local Union Pacific Bus Agent minute droplets or hygroscopic particles proFo; Complete Information

duced by the action of the wind on the sea surface.

union PBCIFIC STAGES /astorbest Egyptianoil was familiesforcibly ofgiven2000inB.theC.

(Concluded on page 1%) 7>Mmprooemenrira 'The Glory of God is Intelligence'

Heber J. Grant,APRIL. 1942

Richard L. Evans,

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor

Marba C. Josephson,

QUORUMS, PRIESTHOOD OFFICIAL OF THE ORGAN Editor Associate DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL

Morris, Mgr. General George Q. COMMITTEE, WARD MUSIC EDUCATION, OF MENT

Associate Mgr. Cannon, G. Lucy CHURCH AGENCIES OF THE OTHER ANDTEACHERS,

Business Orton, Mgr. K. J. SAINTS. LATTERDAY CHRIST OF JESUS OF

Jobbb x>(L Q&niswLtL JhsL dihftL (paqsL Some Thoughts for the Month..Heber J, Grant 201

Photograph by Jcano Orlando.

A Statistical Comparison of the World's Religions Harold T. Christensen 202 (Do you, Jinow—

The Noose Draws Tighter M. Elmer Christensen 204

210 Durham Homer G. of God The Utility compares the Church Mormon How Bruce 214.Donald M. and Horace S, Eldredge Young Brigham other size with in and growth Evidences and Reconciliations—XLVIII—Should A Soldier Christian organizations? 202

225 A. Widtsoe John His Enemy? Love to plant a family how and What, B. KenGladys Defense, For Harbor, CharPearl Remember

for defense? 203 garden. -226 nard 215 les Hansen W.

At All, E. Morgan None 220 Church Moves On

Hansen 232 Melchizedek Priesthood: 236 Whattobacconew advertising?tricks are being used in 204 237: 235 Genealogy Aaronic

Ward Teaching 236 Music 238 What sugar beets may accomplish

No TobaccoLiquor: Mutual Messages: during the emergency? 206

The Noose Draws Tighter....204 Executives 239

So Many Stars 208 M MenGleaners 240 How a mother may aid in national

Liquor in the War 233 Explorers 240 defense? 218

Juniors 241 BeeHive Girls 241 When tolerance may become intolerable? 224

The Home Vegetable Garden... L. H. Pollard 203 Whatshouldthebe?attitude of a soldier 225

Sugar and the War David W. Evans 206

Guardians of the Past Adah R. Naylor 211

Postage Stamp Mysteries Elizabeth Hendrix 212

Going—Going! Albert C. Antrei 213 EXECUTIVEOFFICES:AND EDITORIAL

What Can I Do? Mrs. L R. Donnergaard 218 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: For Defense, Gladys Copyright 1942 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Cor'

poration ImproveYoung of the Mutual Men's 193 B. 226 Kennard lin S. Harris, Jr

Association Christ ment Church of the of Jesus Telefacts Hints 227 196 Handy Saints, reserved. Latterday All rights of The Mayan Days and Their Diet and Some Common Ailscription price, $2.00 a year, in advance; Sub20c

Meaning, Charles E. Dibble..198 ments, Harold L. Snow 228 single copy.

at Office, Salt City, the Post Entered Lake Corner, Barbara B. Bible? AlCooks'Your You Do Know as secondclass for matter. Acceptance

bert Burnett Zobell, L. 199 Jr at rate special 229 mailingUtah, of postage provided

in for of 1917 1103, section October, Act to Advertisers Index 244 On the Book Rack 223 1918. July 2, 256 authorized Page Your and Ours

is responsible not Improvement Era The fcdit&rialA. fortributions.unsolicitedAll manuscripts,manuscripts mustbut bewelcomesaccompaniedconTolerance—andConference NoticeIntolerable Tolerance TheRichardFirst PresidencyL. Evans 224224 by sufficient postage for delivery and return. NATIONAL ADVERTISING

REPRESENTATIVES So Many Stars Irva Pratt Andrus 208 SanSalt Francisco:Lake City: EdwardFrancis S.M. TownsendMayo

Proud Feathers Richard Ball 216 Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

Story Earl Pioneer A. Checketts, Jr. A True 219 New York: Dougan and Bolle Frontispiece: Another Temple Poetry 217 Page

to Our God, Mabel Jones Nauvoo Band, Eva W. WangsGabbott 200 gaard 218 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

. Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....254 CIRCULATIONS

JhsL fovsui.

the of the of lovely temples study newest in the of this dispensation, reflectedTHE is the of River, quiet the waters photographic Snake work of L. W. Bacon of A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Idaho Falls where the temple is now nearing completion. This striking photograph

was invited to our attention by Preston Nibley. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942,Tr-'*- 4* >***-< Tr i.,.;.....,,.;

Arnold Mr. years two For more. 200 begins sooth the "deep where Down Texas East the of president been has of section PittsburgGilmer the celeCounty Upshur annual Yamboree, to up produces Arnold—inTexas—Fred awarded are prizes which at bration a "yams"of cured bushels 18,000 exhibited potatoes sweet best the for leases acres, 200 about owns year. He

TO UTAH FARMERS

watch seed "Workingwith the local experiment potatoes station I found the ideal seed potato,"remarked Fred Arnold. "It should measure about 7 inches long by 2 inches thick and be

smooth and straight. It should have a salmon pink

colored flesh. Potatoes of this color are good for

baking or slicing—tender, not stringy. Each of

my seed potatoes is nicked with a knife to check "I surely am fortunate to be farming near the the flesh color before planting."

only experiment station in the U. S. devoted exclusively to sweet potato culture,"Fred Arnold curing and "Properly cured sweet potatoes will

told me. "In my growing program I apply 400 to grading keep for months. This cure requires

500 pounds of fertilizer per acre just before the about 30 days storage at from 70 to 75 degree young plants are transplanted to the fields. And temperature. It turns some of the starch in the

I've switched to a 4-8-10 mix (4 parts nitrogen, potato to sugar and removes some moisture. Both

before curing and afterwards my sweet potatoes8 parts phosphorus and 10 parts potash)—sweet

potatoes keep better with plenty of potash. On a are graded to assure uniformity to buyers."

rotationthree year schedule I plant sweet potahandle workers "My gloves wear so as nottoes crops, year one like and soilbuilding peas like eggs to bruise the potatoes. Seeing my other legumes,or some the other years."two Fred

Arnold has designed a unique two -row transsweet potatoes in stores I can judge how they've been handled since they left sheds. the my Andplanter, tractor cuts in half the pulled,which time

I more the check up better I like Safeway methods.required to set plants out his young by hand

like chains Food fine Safeway get foods to the public in ideal eating condition. What's more, they

advertise these foods, speeding up consumption."

likes direct "Over the years, the Safeway peodistribution p ie have taken a lot of my sweet potatoes. They always insist on quality, sure, but

they always pay the going price or better. I believe efficient distribution like Safeway's—with less costs along the way—is a real benefit to both

growers and consumers. We're regular customers

at our Safeway store in Gilmer."

—Your Safeway Farm Reporter 195

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942 TELEFACT WEEKLY CONSUMPTION BY ONE PERSON (1941)

IN U. S. A. IN GREAT BRITAIN

23 OZ. SUGAR 12 OZ. SUGAR

14 OZ. FATS 10 OZ. FATS

Product lit'a great 5 OZ.tilBUTTER k2 OZ. BUTTER

HOMEOWNED ft\ 0000006 EGGS '/j EGG and SCIENCE SERVICE -P1CTOGRAPH CORPORATION 3.12.2

HDMEDPERATED /ysters prefer being upside down to Exploring the Universe any other position. A. E. Hopkins

( Concluded from page 1 93 has demonstrated that six times as many Refinery oyster Pacific larvae became of a Coast is five which hundred Caccharine, of a plate surface to the under attached industry of Utah Typical Home is sugar, as times as sweet not the plate the than held horizontally when Perillaldesweetest substance known. of the with at its best of operation degrees is the 45 angle an made is four times as as sweet sacchahyde

the WASATCH OIL REFINING rin. horizontal,as many asandbecameabout attachedone hundredto platestimes

COMPANY—manufacturer of X Tow long can a normal man hold his when the plates were hung vertically.

* breath? Professor Yandell Henquality highest GASOLINES. their ladies eyeblackened Tgyptian reports that at derson sea a normal man '"'the lead with eyelashes and brows level, lungs or not his whether he fills the manageThe ownership, in nature. sulfides found antimony and with volunbeforehand, oxygen can

ment, the labor, the market tarily stop breathing for forty to sixty They also used the greencolored copseconds. If he performs forced breathper-containing mineral malachite in

are all an intimate part of this ing to overventilate his lungs, he can cosmetics.

hold his breath for two or three mingreat State. WASATCH truly utes. If, however, at the end of several np'HE magnetic poles of the earth are

exemplifies the pioneer tradiminutes of forced breathing he fills his each more than a thousand miles lungs with pure oxygen, he will be able distant from the geographic poles. The

tion of promoting prosperity to go five or six, or in some cases as North Magnetic Pole is on Boothia many as ten minutes before having to Peninsula in northern Canada, and the by providing work and makbreathe again. South Magnetic Pole is in South Viccontinent. the Antarctic toria on Land merchandise right ing good is estimated that Tt a honeybee makes the poles magnetic connecting A line 1 flights, 40,- 10,000 distance of a total earth of the the center miss by would here at home.

000 miles, for each pound of honey. 750 miles.

Ezzzzaza through FRIDAY MONDAY

Mondays. P.M.; 6:45 I TEiEFACT #ffi Tuesdays, Wednesdays. m WK Kk SAFER HOMES BECOME Thursdays, P.M. AMERICA'S 9:30 sL. Wm. Fridays. P.M. S:15 -2WE? SBm CHILDREN FOR

(death rate from HOME ACCIDENTS PER 100,000 CHILDREN) the West's Outstanding News Commentator AVERAGE 1924 1926tltlllttii wmnztnkwhere you see this sign 15.7

1939—1940 j tilt 8.8

SCIENCE SERVICE -PICTOGRAPH CORPORATION- 3.6.2

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

With An Oliver Superior No. 9 Beet drill

The besi way to take advantage of good prices is to do This drill has a wide range of depth adjustment through a everything possible to get a bumper crop while prices are lever conveniently located near the seat. The feed is autostill high! The Oliver No. 9 Beet Drill will help you do matically thrown out of gear when openers are raised from

just that—through extreme accuracy and efficiency in getground. Gauge wheels hold proper planting depth conting the seed properly placed in the ground. sistently.

is Drill available Superior Beet Oliver Bean and No. The

force This stems from the doublerun accuracy Superior drill fertilizer able fertilizer the or plain as a 9drill—with efficient positive, -which feeding assures uncannily feed

fertilizers. type granular the commercial to handle and new

of of quantities this seed. or small large doublerun With

boot. or Blackfoot furnished Also with Kelley

is is feed, force cracking; protected against quantity seed

easily regulated. Come in and see one soon.

rm w*ough

rnnouoH sttrs

can design as tool bar is 4 to 115"easy modern with handle as cultivator -row it. operating braced, #Aa*44BEfcBEET CULTIVATOR) * Tliwill of cultivating job Pole is double thorough a make do (OLIVER

its levers service. to use. balanced, easy years of through are With many A wide

combined wheel and beam shift, its heavy, variety of cultivating equipment is availnon-sagging frame, forged steel spindle able. Adjustable to a wide variety of consupports and sturdy guide wheels, it is as ditions. Side dressing fertilizer attachrugged as the most severe service demands, ments available. Come in and see one today.

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO, Ogden, Utah Branches: UTAH—Logan. Tremonton, Ogden.

IDAHO—Shelley, Idaho Falls, Rexburg, Hupert, Preston, Blackfoot, Twin Falls, Buhl.

a

THE MAYAN DAYS...

By CHARLES E. DIBBLE

Roosevelt Fellow, Institute of

International Education

often overlooked so or unrecorded by Bolio, Mediz Antonio Professor linguistic investigation. hurried of diplomat a Mexican and man

letters, was born and reared The Maya had a twentyday month.

among the Maya of Yucatan. Early in Professor Mediz Bolio in his book,

life language, the he mastered Mayan Balam The Chilam of Chumayel—his writings the present to us and religion tradiof record and reMayan

life literature. finement of and Mayan

his interpretation of the the early contact constant His with and tion—gives

Mayan language and people has entwenty days. The following literal

abled him to capture much of the idiotranslation is given by permission of matic beauty of the language—a part the author.

20 DAYS--20 FINGERS AND TOES—MAN

Name of Day Root Exact Meaning Essence of the Concept 1. Imix Im Womb, breast, mould, femIn the maternal womb

inine origin of life 2. Ik Ik Spirit Receives the spirit

3. Akbal Aaktal To be fresh, green, recent, The child is born

tender 4. Kan Kan; To be in maturity Reaches the fulness of physical life"They dote on my 7%vqf&rf">t Kantal

5. Chicchan Chchicchaan To see, to take that which Gathers experience from

is seen that seen ONEEGG CAKE"6. Cimi Cimil Die Suffers corporal death

7. Manik Man; Pass, pass over—spirit His spirit passes beyond,

"They never say 'no'to my Thrifty Al ManzahIk survives, breaks the

Cookie Snacks, Meat Pie Ring, Bacon bonds of death

Squares, or my other Al baking dishes. 8. Lamat Lamtal Submergebut thick,in tosomethingbecome softenSubmergephere. Fightin heavyto becomeatmos-

"Here is my recipe for Oneegg Cake. Try it."gulfed free.from theTomaterialfree oneself

oneself, press to to accumulate, withdraw To To Sift I, FIOUR GLOBE "Al"measure and c 1% i.e., together, concentrate, compress, Mulcin, make 9. Muluc—MulMulMulcha-hal iron. and B-vitamins enriched with two (now gather one's one's heap. Gather Mulucbal—to accumulate, pouring the handy note sack the you openWhen of or a hill harvest a heap make

tsp. ). tsps. andspout powder baking Add Yi 2 Yi something

salt, sift butter 2. times. three Cream Yi c. Enter penetrate (or 10. ocol Enter, Oc Oc,

gradually, creamingsubstitute), sugar add Vi c. flame, burn without Burn Chuh 11. Chuen Burn without Same—suffer beaten, well egg,mixture thoroughly. one Add conflagration without

blending well. 3. Alternately add dry ingredients

and milk (1/2 c.), beating batter after each addi12. Eb Eb Stairway Begin to ascend

little with Continue little by little, by little 13. Been Beentah Proceed 4.tion. in vanilla. tsp. moderate Bake Add one

difficulty, with difficulty with economy desired. as Frost 5. deg.)oven about 30 min. (350

14. Hix Hix Rub with something rough, To purify oneself

to polish 15. Men Men Work, construct, build To become perfect

masterfully 16. Cib Cib Candle, torch, incense To light one's light

17. C'haban Haban Destroy the fire, separate To separate from one's

the ashes, consume that ashes which has burned 18. Edznab Edzah To sit down, to establish To establish oneself in his

oneself over his foundaperfection tion 19. Cauac Ca uac To withdraw for the second The essence of divinity

time something which is emanates again inside of another object and joined to it 20. Ahau Ahau God To become one with the diSay "GLOBE AT'- Save the difference vinity

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

DO YOU KNOW YOUR BIBLE?

By Albert L. Zobelt, Jr.

HPhe most famous passage on love in * all literature is said to be 1 Corinthians 13.

What verse in the Bible will cause you to fall asleep before reading the third word? ( St. John 1 1: 35.

According to Arab tradition, Abel, the unfortunate son of Adam and Eve, was buried among the bare crags outside Aden.

Deborah was the only recorded woman judge of Israel.

The name Dead Sea appears nowhere in the Bible, and the name apGeneral Pershing's doughboys were appropriately named, for in their day the battle cry was "Wheat Will Win the War.'* Then America was the granary—this time the larder—of democracy. The difference is felt on

every farm and every ranch the land.

This time Uncle Sam calls for meat and milk, the muscle building proteins... less

of wheat and starchy carbohydrates. New raw materials are required for the farm

feeding "factory"... feed crops and soilbuilding seed crops... legumes, grasses,

beans, flax, sorghums and small grains. A new quiltpatch landscape is replacing the

endless sea of waving gold on which wheat kings set sail aboard a ship that often never came in.

In 1918, essentially it was the onecrop system with its tragic aftermath of surpluses and soil erosion. Today it is the allcrop system. By broadening

pears not to have existed until the secthe rotation to a choice of 102 crops, the AllCrop ond century after Christ. Harvester is contributing in full measure to this

The age of only one woman ( Sarah, great step forward in American agriculture.

Abraham's wife) is disclosed in the

Bible.

The six Biblical suicides were: Samson (by pulling down the house,

Judges 16:30); Saul and Saul's armorbearer, (by falling on their swords,

1 Samuel 31:4-5); Ahithophel and Judah

Iscariot (by hanging, 2 Samuel 17:23,

St. Matthew 27:5); and Zimri, (by

burning down the palace, 1 Kings 16:

*a tsi. ==1=0= =.

ROUND UP IDLE IRON...\f YOU DON'T

WANT TO SEE IRON RULE IN AMERICA iron scrap stop can a Jap! Your Junk

Idaho; Pocatello, Ave., Branch, 602 First Factory Dept. CO., 83, ALUSCHALMERS MFG. will dealers it. cash for pay How Factory Branch, Factory Branch, or Dept. Dept. Portland, S.E. 83, 83, Oregon Ave., 1305 Union it to bout turning over an FFA

Calif. St., Los Angeles, 49th 4440 E. let or... 4-H them member

earn a little pin money. If a Gentlemen: I want the whole story. Send free books checked. I farm - acres

machine can be repaired, see in.County.

dealer your Allis'Chalmers immediately. Someone in Model 40 AllCrop Harvester 2-Row C Tractor D Crawler Tractor

it A-C Brenneis Deep Tillage AllCrop Harvester if 60 needs Model All Crop Harvester Hillside the community Q... idle don't. Tools you Remember Implements I-Plow B Tractor D

... gather just rust machines

...R.F.D and rust is a saboteur! Name

(PLEASE PRINT) flLLIS CHALMERS Jl \* Town State..

NOTHER TEMPLE TO OUR GOD

By MABEL JONES GABBOTT

CJhhe day dawns cleat and fair and bright

The heavens smile; the chosen site

Is thronged with Saints from far and near,

And angels too are gathered here

Where will be reared from earth's deep sod

A temple to the Most High God:

A house of holiness and love To Him who sits enthroned above;

A house of prayer, a place of peace.

Where envy, hate, and greed will cease.

Where men will serve unselfishly od's holy prophet bows his head,

Their kindred dead and set them free. In solemness the words are said:

"We dedicate, our God, to Thee,

This house in true humility;

We pray Thy Spirit may descend $<.ejoice, ye Saints of Latterdays, AndThat blesseverythisordinancetemple, tothereinthe end

Lift up your hearts in songs of praise. May Thine approving favor win

Another temple to our God According to Thy will and mind.

Will stand upon this chosen sod,

Lord, let the elements be kind,

On freedom's soil, the promised land, That it may safely guarded stand

Withheld for ages by God's hand

Upon Thy chosen promised land."

From men whose lust and avarice

Might desecrate such work as this.

Until the humble and the true Should seek its shore His will to do,

To worship Him in His own way, X sh, workmen, rear it tenderly,

Oh, Saints, rejoice in this great day. In perfect form and symmetry,

After the plan He has made known.

Let loving hands select each stone,

With reverence lay each one in place.

Let no crude act or deed efface

This sacred edifice of prayer.

Oh, build it true with utmost care.

And thus His Kingdom will go forth

Until His temples fill the earth;

Then will the heavens sing above, \nd Christ descend to reign in love.

EdrtorsTaqe m7h Soma. JlwuxjhtA.

o-l Oul WmiL

By PRESIDENT HEBER J.GRANT

Jesus Christ is His Son, and that They appeared to the boy Joseph Smith, and promised him that he should be an instrument in the hands of the

Lord in restoring the true gospel to the world.

Let every Latterday Saint who has a farm, farm it, and not try to borrow money to be paid back by the government. Let every man feel that he is the

architect and builder of his own life, and that he proposes to make a success of it by working. "Six

days shalt thou labor and do all thy work,"and rest on the seventh. Do not be willing to labor

four or five days, and then only half labor. Let

every Latterday Saint give value received for everything he gets, whether it be in work or whatever he does.

I believe that if every dollar of money that is expended in Utah for liquor and for beer, tea, coffee, were saved, Utah would need no help from the

Photograph by Lignell and Gill. United States government to take care of the poor,

HEBER J. GRANT but that peace, prosperity, happiness, and abunThis, the latest photographic portrait, was taken in January, 1942, two dance would be given to the people of our fair state,

months after President Grant had reached his 85th birthday anniversary. and of every other state in the union. If in addition

we observed the suggestion by the Lord, which is a very wise one, that once a month we refrain from the world needs today more than anyeating two meals (which would be physically beneficial to every living soul) and give the equivalentWhatthing else is an implicit faith in God, our it would go far towards Father, and in Jesus Christ, His Son, as solvingto help thoseour financialwho areproblems.poor,

the Redeemer of the world. * * *

* * * Now, I pray the Lord to bless our boys. I give

We should unitedly study to create improvethem my blessing, and I have the right to bless ments whereby the land will produce more, them, and I promise them that if they will be instead of trying to see where we can go to prayerful, God will give them joy even in the army, get a big piece of land. There are many men who, if they will live sweet and clean lives.

with a few acres of property, looked after and * * * cultivated, produce more than the men with large farms which they simply.scratch over. Chickens The Lord has called upon us to pray with our

should do the scratching, but men should thorfamilies and in secret, that we may not forget God.

oughly cultivate their land. If we neglect this, we lose the inspiration and power

* * * from heaven; we become indifferent, lose our testimony, and go down into darkness.

The message of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints to the world is that God lives, that From Gospel Standards.

l*f*i STATISTICAL TheLatterdayChurch ofSaintsJesus isChristonly ofa COMPARISON little more than one hundred years old, but in size and rate of OF THE growth it compares very favorably with religious institutions that are considerably older. Here is a statistical picture of Mormonism,

painted against the background of WORLD'Sworld religions.

There are approximately two billion people in the world, about onethird of whom are classified as RELIGIONS

Christian and oneninth as Protestant. In round numbers the Confucianists and Taoists have about

three hundred fifty million members; HOW STRONG ARE THE CHRISTIAN FAITHS?Roman Catholics, three hundred

thirty million; Hindus, two hundred HOW STRONG ARE THE MAJOR RELIGIONS?

thirty million; Mohammedans, two How many Americans belong to any church?

hundred ten million; Protestants,

two hundred seven million; BuddHOW STRONG IS THE MORMON CHURCH IN THE

hists, one hundred fifty million; WORLD? IN THE NATION? In YOUR STATE?

Orthodox Catholics, one hundred What is the fastest growing major faith in fortyfour million; Shintoists, twenthe United States?

tyfive million; and Jews, fifteen million, to say nothing of the many These and many other questions are answered in this

millions of animistic primitives, and statistical survey others of miscellaneous classification. 1 These estimates are necessarily crude because of the fact that By HAROLD T. CHRISTENSEN, Ph. D.,

counts have not beenmembership Chairman of the Sociology Department of the groups, andmade in many furthermore because these estimates of Brigham Young University represent merely the general followers of religious group culture rather than actual enrolled church memberFigures are approximate only, been made a part of the regular ship. But in spite of these limitaand they do not correct for the discensus of population and therefore

tions it is likely that the estimates are crepancy between "followers"2 and has never been complete 3in count or sufficiently good to allow for gen- "members"explained above. adequately standardized. For this

eral comparisons. Roughly, oneWithin the United States, comreason, membership figures from one

third of the world's population is parisons can be a little more reliable denomination to another are not enChristian, then, and onethird of the than with world figures, for the reatirely comparable. They are the

Christian is Protestant. son that they can be based upon very best available, however, and are

World membership in the Moractual membership counts rather reasonably satisfactory for the broad mon Church was eight hundred than upon estimates of general recomparisons which interest us here.

sixtytwo thousand, six hundred ligious followship. A Census of the These figures represent church memsixty-four as of December 31, 1940. Religious Bodies of this country was bership as reported by the churches

1 906, and has been rethemselves, and although incomThis means that in the world at large first made in there is one Mormon for every: peated every ten years since then, plete and based upon varying defithe last being in 1936. Unfortunitions of "membership,"they are

250 Protestants nately the religious census has never likely far better than any crude esti750 Christians 2If it had been possible to make this correction, that mates of general religious follow- 2,250 people is, if figures had been available for "members"in ship.

the "followers,"of religions instead the world proIn 1936, there were two hundred larger to others have been would of Mormons 1William F. Ogburn and Meyer F. Nimkoff. Sociportion

the Latterday here. Using Saint memYork, 1940, than shown Mifflin Company,ology. Houghton New esti-, (Continued on page 253) figure population and followship estimates of bership are other and the Therep. 674 and passim.

world population and religious followship, of course, mates of the other groups given above, we get one sCf. T. Lynn Smith, The Sociology of Rural Life.

but these given by Ogburn and Nimkoff are likely as Mormon for every 240.0 Protestants, 788.2 Christians, Harper and Brothers. New York, 1940, pp. 8890 and

good as any. and 2318.4 people in the world. passim.

high quality vegetables for as long a period as possible. In most parts

of the state1 it should be possible to fresh vegetables from the THE HOME have some first of May until the end of October. Yet most gardens have lost

their usefulness by midsummer. VEGETABLE

Extending Garden Usefulness

'TPhe length of time the gardens can be useful may be extended by GARDEN storing part of the crop of those vegetables that will keep well under (Joq&JbablBA, fat beets,commoncabbage,storage.carrots,Suchcelery,crops onas

Utibalih and. pfL (tid&iy. ions,squash,parsnips,sweet potatoes,potatoes, rutabagas,pumpkins,

and turnips may be stored for several months. It is well, then to profor these crops than

so consumption By DR. L H. POLLARD videis neededmore spacefor fresh

Associate Professor of Vegetable that part of the crop may be kept for

Crops of Utah State Agricultural winter use.

College The garden can also play an important part in the winter diet if part of the crop is processed by canning impossible to plant all the crops or freezing. Either method is a good

THROUGH the cooperation of Dr. wanted. way to conserve the oversupply

Director of R. H. Walker,

Agricultural StaExperiment Utah the The Garden Plan whichthe seasonmay occurof suchat certainvegetablestimes asof tion, article Utah, this timely Logan, by Dr. L. H. Pollard has been made "\X7hat the wise gardener does first asparagus, beans, broccoli, cauliof available to readers The Improve'corn, rhubarb, peas, flower, sweet is to prepare of his year's a plan the Stafrom Experiment Era, ment it is to spinach. wise However, It if all and cropping. well be tion bulletin, would Science and Farm Home these of additional plant amounts for is vital 1942. subject March, The followed the using procedure, same

to national defense and to home health a large sheet of paper and drawing crops for processing.

scale and economy. a the plan of ground. of Vegetables The Wide Variety exact position of space amount and Desirable

each of the crops is to occupy should

those to be planted in the spring, but clude as large a variety of theThewayshomea desirablevegetableandgarden,econonvalbe marked out including not only Tt is desirable for the gardener to inical source of fresh wholesome those that are to follow the springdifferent crops as possible. Too vegetables. the grower sown Thus vegethe often only more commonfood, has important assumed an

its in everything have proper may lesser the tables included are and inplace for nation. plan the food our all place crops also of the have and of planted. are never Most known is asking governmentThe to for an he wishes grow. 229) {Continued page on

increase of twentyfive per cent in states is available for other information Similar should The be planhome garden states, respecstations in those the experiment of gardensthe number grown of tively.from to produce a constant in ned supplyUtah alone. Other states are being

asked for like increases, and along with this should come an increase in a SUGGESTED PLAN FOR SMALL HOME GARDEN—30x50 FEET

the usefulness of the garden as well. CN.Asparagus. JRhubarbPlanting a home garden and canning, CN.Lettuce..Radishes.

preserving, freezing, or storing a \o portion of the produce will not only \o Spinach followed by cucumbers and bush squash mean a higher percentage of com-.Turnips Kohlrabi. Mustard.

mercial canned goods that can go -Early beets followed by late cabbage.

into national defense uses, but it will zl Swiss chard. Onion sets materially reduce the cost of living >o Carrots

and improve family health. Many, Parsnips

will grow gardens this year who have never done so in the past. This arvo -Early peas followed by beets and Chinese cabbage.

ticle attempts to point out a few imvo Late peas followed by lettucepointsportant sidered before planting. that should be conotN—CabbageSnap beans followed by turnips and radishes. -Cauliflower.

The beginner may think that all o -Sprouting broccoli..Peppers.

there is to do about a garden is to CN.Tomatoes (staked)..Eggplant.

sow his seed across the different oto Pole beans beds some fine spring morning. o

leads to people but it do this,Many oto EarlyLate sweetsweet corncorn ita often of ground, waste making

JhsL NOOSE

DRAWS TIGHTER'UllllllllH* By M. ELMER CHRISTENSEN

State Chemist of Utah and Member of

Y. M. M. LA. General Board

ids to Cutting Out Smokany way discredit the original state-

.Put to the Test,""Influmore than one hundred years ago. "A!ing,""Cigarette Holders ment of the Word of Wisdom made

ence of Hygroscopic Agents in CigMy first intimate contact with toarettes,""What Science Says bacco came about in a somewhat difAbout Smoking,""Removal of Unferent way than is the case with most desirable Constituents from Topeople. It occurred about 1 93 1 soon

Trailbacco Smoke,"of Nico- "The after built our we had home and the Process,"tine During Smoking In per cent, Inert Ingredients—sixty starting small were a garden.

"Cigarettes."early August we planned a twoper cent."The directions included

No, the above titles of magazine week's trip to southern Colorado. the following statement: "Dilute

articles have not been taken from Salt Lake valley was at that time with six gallons of water before editions of The Improvement Era suffering from a severe drouth, the using. Here then was one ounce,

nor any other Church publication. effects of which were hardly noticeabout six teaspoonfuls of which the

They give an indication of the inable at the time of our leaving for bulk was ordinary water to be diterest science is taking in the probthe trip. Upon returning, however, luted with a milk can full of more

lem of tobacco smoking since their much to our disappointment, instead water. The potency of the stuff sursource includes such reputable magof a healthy garden of flowers and prised me. Apparently all those

azines as Scientific American, Readvegetables we found plants shrivstories and statements I had heard life were true afterer's Digest, Larynogoscope, Induselled, wilted, and stalky. in Church all my

trial and Engineering Chemistry, all. I would have to investigate

and Science News Letter. Science A hurried examination revealed further. From my library shelf I

generally concerns itself with questhe presence of hordes of insects of took down the following books:

tions that the public is seeking an many varieties. It was truly disLegal Medicine and Toxicology by

answer to. heartening. Being a chemist, howWebster, Poisons, Their Effects and

It is rather significant that in the ever, I thought I would soon conquer Detection by Blyth, Manual of Toxilast decade virtually hundreds of our insect invaders. From the topcology by Witthaus, Toxicology and

articles have appeared in scientific most shelves I took the most potent Legal Medicine by Peterson, Haines, journals covering a great variety of poisons and one after the other apand Webster. From these outstandfields dealing with the problem of plied them liberally. The copper ing authorities on the subject of poitobacco smoking. compounds, arsenic, formaldehyde, sons my earlier teachings were conFor the Church to decry the use lead and many others seemed to firmed. These facts seemed outof tobacco is not surprising; in fact have little of the desired effect howstanding:

it is to be expected. For more than ever, so in dismay I turned to an

a century every leader has conelderly neighbor, of apparently NTicotine is present in all tobacco demned its use with increased vigor many summers experience, for adin amounts from sixtenths of until today it has become practically vice. He shook his head but sugone per cent to eight per cent. Pres-

a differentiating earmark of Church gested I might try "Black Leaf 40,"ent also in tobacco or the tobacco loyalty and indifference. procurable at any drug store. smoke are many other birds of the

For many years science has nibStrange that in my ramblings same feather: nicotelline, nicotoine,

to through that chemistry up time isonicoteine, nicotein, nicotimine,bled at the problem. The psycholto Leaf I had never "Black run onogist physician, educator, monoxide, carbon hydrogen cyanide, surgeon,

dentist, chemist, toxicologist have 40."As the druggist handed me a pyridine, furfural. Hydrogen cyanall sought an answer to the question, oneounce bottle I felt slightly inide is recognized as the gas used in

I said forcelethal chambers in many states, so"Does tobacco smoke harm the sulted, "One ounce,"'smoker'?"Libraries have been acfully, "I need enough for onehalf toxic is it. Pyridine and furfural

cumulating innumerable articles, acre of garden.""If you follow the were used until about 1925 as compamphlets, and books on the subject. directions you'll have enough for mon denaturants in alcohol to render

It is noteworthy to find that a careseveral acres,"the druggist calmly it unfit to drink. Being too poisonful search of all of this independent, replied. ous and dangerous for use by the

unbiased literature fails to reveal one The label impressed me. Among public, they have been supplanted by

fact that has yet been proved, or other declarations it reads: "Active less toxic denaturants. Nicotine

theory advanced which would in ingredients—Nicotine Sulfate: forty and its related compounds are clas204

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

sifted as alkaloids in chemistry, to the trick of testimonials, the tobacco Chemistry entitled "Removal of Unwhich classification also belong such industry has entered a new phase in desirable Constituents from Tocommon poisons as strychnine, morits advertising campaign. One combacco Smoke."Note that this title

phine, and codeine. Against traffic pany now claims its cigarette to be written by unbiased scientists admits

in morphine the most stringent laws less harmful because of the presence the presence of poisonous constituhave been written, yet morphine is of twentyeight per cent less nicoents in tobacco smoke. The purpose

only onesixth as poisonous to man tine. Here at once is an admission of the research was to determine

as nicotine. Strychnine cannot be that ( 1 ) nicotine is present and (2) which of the many absorbents of gas

purchased without careful scrutiny, nicotine is harmful—not good for would be most efficient in removing

yet nicotine is a drug twice as poisonman. Actually, "twentyeight per the harmful ingredients from the

ous as strychnine. Carbon monoxcent less nicotine''is not worth mensmoke.

ide is that treacherous, odorless tioning. Assuming other brands Cotton, charcoals, activated alumgas evolved from auto exhausts contain two and fivetenths per cent ina, and others were used. All had

which accounts for no small number nicotine which is about average, some value as filters, but at best only of deaths each year. twentyeight per cent less would still about ten per cent to twenty per cent

As to the toxicity of nicotine, leave one and eighttenths per cent of the poisonous ingredients could

Webster claims that it is highly be removed. It was found, however,

probable that three or four drops of that tobacco itself was the most effithe pure alkaloid would cause death. cient filter and that as much as sevRobert's claim is very similar, namely enty per cent of the harmful conapproximately sixty milligrams stituents could be removed by passwhich is practically the same lethal ing the smoke through a second cigdose as that deadliest of all poisons, arette, A small tube was therefore

hydrocyanic acid. devised with a detachable mouthWhere can one find another plant piece. Smokers placed one cigaron the whole earth which contains ette from each package in the tube

so many poisons so intensely poisonto serve as a filter while the cigarette ous in character? Of all the plants to be smoked was attached to the

available, including white top and end of the tube making an extension other noxious weeds, which need to about ten inches long. The efficiency

be exterminated, why do people of such a filter drops rapidly, howchoose the most dangerous and sinever, so that from the last cigarette ister plant of all for smoking? There of a package only about ten per cent

must be some ulterior motive behind of the harmful ingredients are reit all. moved. The cigarette filter is then

The original statement of the Lord removed and thrown away being so that tobacco is not good for man is supercharged with harmful ingretoday advocated or openly admitted of nicotine in the cigarette. Experidients that smokers are advised that

by three sources. Obviously, the ments have shown that about oneto smoke such a cigarette might be

Church ranks first. It must also be fifth of the nicotine in the cigarette fatal. It is soggy to feel and disadmitted that the whole field of finds is way into the body of the gusting in appearance.

science with all of its subdivisions smoker during smoking. Therefore The tobacco industry quickly utinow unhesitatingly corroborates the the proportion of nicotine in the lized the new discovery and within a

prophetic utterance of Joseph Smith original cigarette in the average few months had sold over one million and furnishes unlimited evidence to brands which would find lodgement filter holders. Why were they so

support its truthfulness. Further in the body of the smoker would be anxious to have them used by their

citation from this source of support fivetenths per cent while in the sovictims? Could it be for the purpose

is beyond the scope of this brief called improved brand thirtysix of protecting them from the harmful article. hundredths per cent would be reconstituents? Probably. ExperiThe third and most recent and intained. ence soon showed, however, that

filter invariteresting source of admission and Since habitual smokers who sudsmokers who used the corroboration comes from the todenly change to cigarettes with less ably smoked more cigarettes, some bacco industry itself. People have nicotine have a tendency to increase even doubling their daily consumpbecome blind indeed when they will the number of smokes per day it is tion. If the industry could get all

consume tobacco products when its highly probable that by smoking their victims to use the filter, it would processors openly admit, advise, and cigarettes with twentyeight per cent therefore be possible to increase the warn through daily broadcasts, adless nicotine they actually smoke annual sales from one hundred sixtyvertisements, and more somber writmore cigarettes and therefore absorb two billions a year to possibly two ten articles that tobacco is not good more nicotine and associated poisons hundred fifty or three hundred bilfor man. This was unheard of only in smaller doses than by smoking the lion cigarettes.

a few years ago. The brazenness stronger brands. The following statements apof this group is outdone only by the That the last statement is true peared in a small circular advertising

lyings and warped interpretations of has been amply shown by experi- a filtering device for pipes. Note

the dictatorial propagandists. ments with cigarette filters. These the admissions of this tobacco comare new gadgets developed as a result pany:

agencies governmentalCince now of research conducted Alumiby the prohibit the use of such fraudureport Why Pipes Taste Harsh and Bitey of America. Company num A

lent statements as "Smoking aids of the research appeared in a comEarly in 1933, in one of the greatest digestion''and since the more inparatively recent issue of the Jourresearch laboratories, a group of scientists telligent public have become wise to nal of Industrial and Engineering (Concluded on page 250)

Thewestbeetissugarfacingindustryone ofof theits:i

greatest opportunities in the past fifty years... an opportunity

for service to the country in an hour of critical need and an opportunity for selfservice which should put the industry on a permanently improved basis. To perform either

of these services will require the fullest possible cooperation of beet growers, processors, and the public alike.

A few basic facts, repeated here for quick reference, may help us to better understand the problems and the opportunities facing the BLIGHTFOUR CENTERRESISTANTROWS BEETARE FROMSEED HASOLD TYPETAKENSEED,MOSTANDOF THETHE OUTSIDEHAZARD FROMROWS SUGARFROM RESISTANTBEET GROWING.SEED.

beet sugar industry. By now, every

American knows that this country does not produce all its own sugar.

A complicated system of acreage allotments, tariffs, reciprocal trade agreements, import quotas, processing taxes, benefit payments, conSUGAR...

sumption estimates, and sales quotas has been in force in this countrysince 1934, to preserve the AmeraruLthsL U)wl ican sugar industry. Most students

of the subject believe that there is VJ[7hat caused the shortage?

nothing fundamentally wrong with this plan which is designed to pretjhat can the farmers and consumers of vent confusion and destructive comAmerica do about it?

petition in a world which ordinarily can make and distribute more sugar than it normally consumes. MoreBy DAVID W. EVANS

over, the domestic sugar industry must pay to agricultural and factory workers wages and salaries which sugar control legislation, it has its Americans will begin to realize, unare commensurate with the Amerdefects. Some of these have formerder the sugar rationing plan, perican standard of living, and at the ly been thought to affect adversely haps for the first time, that some of

same time compete with a product only the continental sugar interests this sugar shortage could have been of tropical countries, made by peon themselves. But the war has shown avoided.

labor which is frequently paid only that they affect every American, for onetenth, or less, the wages paid it is these phases of the law, and its Lost Imports to workers in this country, for simadministration, that is now responilar work. sible, at least to a limited extent, for 'TPhe threatening shortage of sugar

the threatened shortage of sugar comes from three immediate

Federal Control and all its attendant hardships and causes: the increased needs of our

"pEDERAL sugar legislation is dedisadvantages. military forces for sugar, and molassigned to let the domestic sugar Under Federal law, the sugar ses for munitions; the need for more

industry live and operate under producers of continental United sugar for our allies; and, the cutting

off, or curtailment, of sugar importsthese conditions, and protect the States have been permitted to make consumer at the same time. Despite and sell less than thirty per cent of from foreign or insular areas.

the obvious benefits of the Federal the country's normal sugar requireIt has been graphically pointed ments. The beet sugar group have out that every time a sixteeninch

FRANCIS ANDERSON, BEET GROWER, DEPOSITS been allotted only twentythree gun is fired, seven hundred pounds

SUGAR BEET CHECK WITH M. S. PETERSON, per cent of the total. The remainof sugar are burned up. Sugar, or BANK CASHIER.

ing seventy per cent of our sugar sugar molasses, is one of the prinhas come from foreign or insular cipal ingredients of alcohol; and alcane-producing areas, including, cohol is indispensable in war—for

principally, Cuba, Hawaii, the Philthe making of smokeless powder ippines, Puerta Rico, and the Virgin and other explosives, and for the

Islands. furnishing of motive power for

When Americans go under the torpedoes. It is also estimated that

new sugarration card system they more than a million tons of the 1 94 will not greatly complain, perhaps, Cuban crop will be converted into for they will realize that this is one alcohol for these purposes. Besides,

of the essential sacrifices which we Great Britain, Canada, and Russia, shall all be called upon to make in and perhaps other United Nations, an allout effort needed to win the must receive large stocks of sugar war. And Americans can learn to "for the duration"from sources

sacrifice and like it, so long as sacwhich normally supply us with a rifice is necessary. But millions of large part of our needs. Other proTHE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

ducing areas which America depends on heavily for its sugar have been eliminated or threatened as dependable supply sources. Nearly

a million tons of sugar which we import from the Philippines have been completely lost to us for the present, at least, and perhaps only half of our millionton annual import quota from Hawaii will be obMOUNTAINS OF SUGAR tainable this year. Shipping losses BEETS ARE PILED UP

in the Caribbean are expected TORIESNEAR SUGARAT HARVESTFACfurther to reduce our imports from TIME.

Cuba to a mere 1,070,000 tons in 1942, compared with 2,696,000 tons last year.

All this adds up to a simple conclusion: America is facing the

worst sugar shortage since sugar became such an important item in our daily diet and in our industrial life; and its corollary, only from

the domestic beet sugar industry relief for substantialcan look we plant beets, denied but were morethis year, time in the near or at any the that water But under is now isfuture. for it. the This opportunity

service to country and to self that bridge. What has been done canin though may, be undone, we to beet growers open and notis now future lesyears, some good drawbeet processors the west. sugar of sons from this sad experience.

The Beet Sugar Outlook However, there is still time this spring for the sugar beet industry

Just how much of this sugar deto do something about increasing ficiency can the beet sugar inits production of sugar for 1943 use.

dustry be expected to make up? UnRecent estimates by the United

fortunately, no relief from this States Department of Agriculture source can be expected for 1942. seem to indicate that the increase

On the contrary, the Office of Price will not be more than fifteen per cent

Administration estimates an actual in 194243. On the other hand,

loss of beet sugar for 1942 of nearly a more recent estimate, by John C.

two hundred thousand tons, due to Page, Commissioner of the Bureau what now appears to have been an of Reclamation, believes that sugar unwarranted and shortsighted sixbeet growers of the nation will teen per cent reduction of sugar beet probably increase their sugar beet acreage a year ago. This reduction production this year by onethird.

was forced over the protest of tens "In 1943,"the Page report adds, of thousands of beet growers of "if additional factories for processthe nation and countless other ining beets are provided and labor is terested citizens living in the irriMYRIL JENSEN OF YOUNG WARD, CACHE available, the sugar output from gated west who demanded, as late COUNTY,WIN GRANDUTAH,CHAMPIONSHIPAND PULPFEDHONORSSUNNYAT 1941BOY, reclamation projects can double lastas the spring of 1941, permission to 0GDEN LIVESTOCK SHOW. year.'s total. The eight hundred

million pounds which thus could be

FARMERS, A PROCESSORS, GROUP OF

STAFF TECHNICAL FROM UNIVERSITY OFU. CALIFORNIAS. DEPARTMENTWATCHOF NEWAGRICULTURESUGAR BEETREPRESENTATIVESTOPPER AND PULLERAND made available would provide three

PERFORM AT GARLAND, UTAH. quarters of a pound of sugar a week

for twenty million men, women and children of the civilian population."

This report is an encouraging view from a government department head who, probably better than any other government official, knows the importance of the beet sugar industry to the irrigated west, and who is looking at the problem through the eyes of a realist, and not as a politician. It is doubtful,

however, that such large increases can be expected.

However a conservative estimate of possibilities for increased production of sugar beets this year in the (Continued on page 244) By IRVA PRATT So MANY* ANDRUS * STARS *:>, ciating the opportunity our Father

in heaven gave us for growth by be- m

J.ulie lightly brushed her stowing the power of choice, theylips across her mother's cheek and $N$T*M had tried not to usurp that power in

father's forehead. their children. Following the divine

"Don't worry, darlings,"she said example, they had directed as best in her clear, young way and went they could, but family decisions had gaily to join the tall, darksuited not been theirs alone. That was

boy waiting just within the doorway why this might mean so much to for her. them. Tonight they would know

Virginia smiled after them until whether they had made a mistake by the sound of the motor of David's allowing Julie to make her own deroadster merged with the noises of cisions, for Virginia had not cried the night; then she settled back a out the words that crowded at her

bit deeper in her chair, as though the lips when Julie had told her of the upholstery softened the questioning invitation.

within her. Through halfclosed "You cannot go, Julie,"she had

eyes she watched her husband. He wanted to say. Instead she had

was frowning slightly, but apparsmiled at her daughter and asked ently his interest was entirely with with outward quietness, "Do you

CENTER JULIE ALWAYS WAS THE held. Julie?"go,the he paper should think you

SHE ADMIRING GROUP. OF AN

I "I guess to acobjections the Julie TEMPO knew ALONG BY THE SWEPT am a terribly foolish WAS mother, after all,"Virginia thought. OF APPROVAL. cepting such an invitation. It was

Quite suddenly she shut her eyes a serious situation that practically tightly. short for all there is to learn and to every person in America faces somePerhaps Allen knew why she sat try to teach. Virginia had been but time. Tobacco and alcohol would

thus; perhaps he had been thinking four years past the magic of sixbe welcome guests at this party

the same things she had. Whether teen when Julie had been born. HoldDavid had asked Julie to attend with

he had or not, he chose this moment ing her baby there in the hospital him. David's people were not bad

to say what Virginia had expected that first day Virginia had promised people. In material things they were

him to say when she had hurried to the tiny daughter while joy caught far richer than Julie's. They were

tell him of Julie's invitation. He had at her breath: "We are going to be too busy to take their children to

been upset then, Virginia knew, and the happiest ones in the whole church, but they sent them whenever she had been grateful that he had world, Baby; and Mother and DadDavid and Tom would go. Every

respected her decision. dy will teach you all of the good advantage that money could insure

"We are not scientists with a things, and then some day you will they lavished upon them, and they guinea pig, Virginia; we are her parbe a lovely lady with a bit of heaven wanted as every parent does to have

ents. We should have stopped her. and a good husband, too."their children grow up to be good,

She is too young."He clipped his It had been like a fairy tale then, respectable citizens. They were

words which to one who understood distant and beautiful. Dreaming very human; now and then they

him as did his wife, meant that he was so easy. Living had caught sipped a cocktail, and occasionally

was controlling his emotions with them up immediately. Scarcely had David's father relaxed with an aftereffort. the tricks of babyhood been masdinner cigar; their market basket

Virginia got up quickly; it was tered when the adjustment to a baby generally held a can of coffee, but

only a step between their chairs. brother had to be made. There had they were sure there was no harm

"She is sixteen, Allen,"she said been an appalling shortage of time in a cup for breakfast; assuredly they

in a low tone. The words were what to do any direct teaching in the years taught the Word of Wisdom, by

she had been reminding herself of since. word of mouth.

all week, ever since Julie had raced When David's older brother, up the back steps and burst into the jDecause Virginia and AlTom, took up smoking they were kitchen with her sweet face reflecting len enjoyed children and appreciated naturally upset. One night he was

her inner excitement. their value, they had not been content brought home drunk, and there was

"Mother, you'd never guess,"she with a family of two, and so working a terrible scene. David had not achad been quite breathless. "David and praying, failing in some things, quired any such bad habits, as yet,

Thomas asked me to go to their party succeeding in others, they had welbut he caused them quite some anFriday night, and oh, Mother, he's comed two more into their circle. guish of mind by the companions he

got the grandest car andand Together Virginia and Allen had had seemed to prefer lately. They

ested in a sweet girl like Julie.everything!"Sixteen—how quickly years had strengthenedformulated someby these,few rulesthey andhad would be happy to have him interslipped away; they had been far too hurdled many difficulties. AppreDavid's mother was thinking of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

these things even while Virginia was the slaveholders, stimulants, behad set the example. She handed

fighting the fear of what would hapcause they were accepted as leaders back the glass—or tried to. The

pen to her daughter. among David's friends? clamor of urging swelled up around

What would Julie do when amid Virginia had wanted to remind her.

unaccustomed grandeur, partiallyJulie of all this. To lecture just a

blinded by the glitter from chambit, but she had not. For sixteen V,irginia lay quietly

pagne glasses and the smoke from years she had been teaching Julie when the car drove up. She heard

cigarettes, she saw for the first time the truth, trying to show her the Julie come in and start down the in her life, attractive people, enterway, the beauty of life's plan, and so hallway. Would she come and sit

taining boys and lovely girls indulgshe had gone on peeling potatoes, on the edge of the bed to tell her ing with an air of nochalance in the praying silently, while she let her mother all that had happened?

use of those things she had been daughter make the choice to go. Would she kiss her goodnight? Had

taught were wrong? Julie had asStanding with her hand on her Virginia placed too much faith in

husband's shoulder she prayed the principle of free agency? She

again. had difficulty in lying still. What

could she do if Julie went on to her own room? Fear drummed at Vir-

J. he party raced from exginia and lengthened each second.

citement to excitement. Julie was More welcome than fame and glory

always the center of an admiring was the feel of her daughter's arms, group, and David scarcely left her the sound of her child's soft voice.

side. She was swept along by the "Oh, Mummy,"was all Julie said,

tempo of approval. Smiles parted but there was singing and warm sunher lips and sparkled in her eyes. light in the spirit that sent the words.

Everything was such fun. If she Virginia held her close and gently

had indulged in makebelieve this patted Julie's head, for she could night, Julie would have assumed the say nothing—too much thankfulness

role of queen; she was a leader in crowded within her! Later there

laughter. David was proud of her, would be words, but this moment

and she sensed his pride and was they shared quietly. Over Julie's

glad. It seemed quite natural for her head she could see the sky through

to take the glass when he handed it the window. Tomorrow would be

to her, although Julie knew it held a clear day; there were so many

champagne. Everyone had a glass stars.

in hand. For a moment she held it,

laughing across at the group before her; almost she put it to her lips.

Then because Julie was used to making decisions, she stood watching the stars of reflected light in the shimmering liquid and counted consequences.

Julie knew the truth about narcotics gained in more sober moments of study. Here was a group of boys

almost ready to enter the business of leading and participating in the activities of the world; a group of

girls whose heritage was motherhood, and they were selling their strength, their freedom, and paying the price for the purchaser. Julie

"WE ARE NOT SCIENTISTS WITH thought of these things, but she

PIG, VIRGINIA; GUINEA A WE ARE dreaded to meet the disapproval of PARENTS. HAVE HER WE SHOULD

STOPPED HER."others; mostly she feared the reaction

she felt David would have toward sured her mother that David did not her refusal; then too Julie's pulse

smoke or drink. Her eyes had begwas pounding with the sense of adged to have her words believed, but venture this unknown held as chalmost of his crowd did. Julie was lenge, but in this instant she rememso eager to believe in people; maybe bered something from her childhood;

she was wrong about David. Even she felt again the surging pride that

if she were right what would be her had slipped from her father's eyes reaction when the group she wanted and spread over all their family like to impress and please chimed around a protecting mantle, that long ago her, "Be a good sport, Julie?"day when mother had answered the

Would her clear gaze see through teasing of Aunt Margie to> take just the falseness? Would Julie trade one cup of coffee. Julie had her feet DAVID'S MOTHER WAS THINKING OF

VIRGINIA WHILE THINGS EVENthe very power of choice her mother on firm ground; her parents had done THESE

FEAR OF THE WAS FIGHTINGhad suffered to endow her with, to more than teach with words. They WOULD HAPPEN TO HER DAUGHTER.WHAT

IhSL UTILITY OF GOD By I,N this modern age the DR. G. HOMER DURHAM assembly. A good brother prayed:

people demand utility in all things Utah State Agricultural College "Please God, if possible, preserve from the kitchen stove to the latest us from the calamity of another war;

order from the War Production and if it be Thy will, may the efforts

Board at Washington. Will it of those who now make for war

work? or, will it work better? are utility of God in the present crisis? [France was about to fall] come to

the questions asked. This modern A few months ago, in another naught."A learned social scientist

emphasis on values is part of a cenpart of the country, I visited a college seated by me said: "I wonder if

tury's growth. In the process, ideas, that old soand-so thinks that prayer

beliefs, established practices, and is going to stop ten thousand steel customs have all been under the attanks from rolling and fifty thoutack of those who emphasize persand divebombers from flying. The

formance, function, progress. Beonly thing that stops tanks and

lief in God, meantime, has received planes is more tanks and planes."

almost a mortal blow in the outside Sorrowfully, and in a sense, I had world. Many religious institutions to agree with my colleague. But I

have failed to perform satisfactorily was not through with him. What

for the pragmatists of the machine was the utility of that prayer? This

age. "Where does it get you?"these is an extremely practical question.

neighbors of ours say. "Religion is The words of a whitehaired man

of strength war. was the What the thought of the communist—andthe opiate of the masses,"said Lenin were pitted against the mechanized

picture? in that of Or Godleader has been reechoed, by imutility

plication, funny story, film, verse, was there only futility, in going and serious teaching throughout the through the motions, as my friend world. indicated? I recalled the ineptness

Latterday Saints think they unand impotency of churches in the derstand the significance of this reface of war and kindred social probmarkable groundswell of opinion. lems the last score of years. I even

It represents the failure of an aposthought of the failure of my own tate faith to satisfy the searching Church to impress its membership

ever you want to call it, to leavebeings—who,examination ofif theyseekingseekhumanlong with enough faith, stamina, or whatenough and do not become discourcoffee, for example, alone. If God

aged, will eventually discover the has no utility in the matter of a truth and accept or reject it. cup of coffee what could be hoped

In the meantime, will there be for in this situation!

freedom left for the Church to prosThis was not a question to be answeredelytize the most mation ofvaluable to hufreely—perhapsright accorded now lightlybelief—notwith ina merethis pragaffir-

man groups? If this groundswell matic age! I had to think. The

continues, will it remain possible for answer I could pass off hurriedly to earnest seekers to discover and a Sunday school class just wouldn't identify our truths. do here. Nor was it acceptable to

"Grateful to Almighty God for the generation of which it was part.

life and liberty, we, the people of In learned, scientific journalsUtah, do ordain and establish this dealing with human problems—

constitution."had never once encountered the

Has this statement, found siminame of God, let alone found one larly in fortythree of our fortyeight article taking Him into considerastate constitutions, become a dead tion as even a possible or occasional letter? Is it but the recognition of factor in human affairs. God had

an ancient nineteenth century superbeen dismissed long ago from a stition and not the embodiment in place in the scientific discussion of our law of a real fact? Not altohuman affairs. And in many years

gether the latter, surely. But has of specialized training in the same

it any utility? What good is it, as field, God was never mentioned, exthe college students say? cept perhaps as the refuge of the

What can we say to those, not of weakminded and the incapable.

our faith, about the efficacy of belief I was determined to find some in God? Better still, what can we answer in this same field, so I got

say to the rising tide of agnosticism, busy. Here are the results-—reaand to ourselves, concerning the (Continued on page 251

a

ofcifa, PASTGUARDIANS

T OOK UNTO THE ROCK WHENCE YE ARE HEWN,

OF THE PIT WHENCE YE HOLE TO THE AND peothe MormonWHENEVER 51:1. IsAIAH DIGGED. ARE the rock from ple consider

which they were hewn, the were pit from which theyand By ADAH ROBERTS NAYLOR to long are forceddigged, they go a way back, for they believe themward, and eastward, and westward: For passed away; only Israel remained.

will seest, thee to the land thou which ofselves to be descendants the boy all shepherds and were The Israelites for ever. to I give thy seed and And almost four thousandJoseph who out their poured I poets, and they] earth: the will of the dust seed thy as makeit,

years ago was sold into slavery so that if a man can number the dust of hearts in song and story, thereby and carried into the land of Egypt. the earth, then shall thy seed also be numgiving to the world its most precious

in the the Arise, bered. through land walk the greatgrandson Joseph was Bible. the possession,

it for in of the length of breadth and theof was and Abraham, Abraham is still Israel with of I it remnant will thee. unto give Abramit; Then A piogreatestoldest the of one and his tent in dwelt and removed came is and secret? their us. What Why

.. record. ofneers have built there the an of plain and whom we Mamre it not survived? they have May

altar Lord. 13:1418) (Genesis. the unto a magnificent wasHe anyperson—history, their their of because be true type of explorer—a heroic literature, the records they have

breed. vision, of and a man He was it in said, history of kept? the "Write Lord begin The so we And called answered, him hewhen God people, little rivulet of they gave to the world a book,"and a race, a

"Yes."He went into an unknown the descendants of one man, whom its first history, a record of God's

all leavingcountry, the behind him the All great through with stream dealings the man. from diverted God civilization time, of his out where this history; "servant, relived ages they His have and made of humanity

he would not be hampered by the Israel."the voice of Abraham, the voice of

limits of the out of his thought day, living voice; their the prophets, is a of Abraham descendants The talk to could him.where God Isaac, of and Abraham, Jacob God nation; mighty but small a formed travels, meager Abraham's still is that their they God; know shall it people is people, the a "Lo, is, fasci- a record the makethough destiny; a so they they and have reckshall be not alone, and dwell he study. God, nating by Led survive.... nations."the ( Numoned among fertile crescent the traveled around specthey the most beginning, dramatic, ) From the The most 23:9 the bers valley of into the and down

is history in Israel's their enemies; tacular event surrounded by were a spehas Jordan. God Whenever

cial mission for an individual or for their little land formed a bridge probably the episode of the Red children the led of vast emSea. Moses the armies over which When to lead them a group, seems He Egypt, fro; Israel of he traveled out they of were to pires and marched teach them; best and can where He east to the for enslaved. was the often northward, them, suppressed by into led so the Land was Abraham

of Canaan, a little land of hills and There was nowhere they could turn desert and toward the west was the valleys crowded in between the save toward God, and so they deland of the fierce, warlike Philisdesert and the sea, a land quite veloped a spirituality that no other tines. The northward course led

different from those along river people had. These vast empires, them directly to the Red Sea; here

beds where great civilizations flourthese mighty civilizations that came they paused dismayed, for they ished, for it was dependent upon out from the great stream of huhad no way of crossing, no boats or rainfall for crops and vegetation. manity, Assyria, Babylon, Egypt, rafts were to be had; and looking

The Lord said unto Abram, Persia, Greece, and Rome all backward they saw that the Egypflourished for a time and then tians were pursuing them, and they

Lift up now thine eyes, and look from the (Continued on page 247) place where thou art northward, and southSS#* MfM0M 2T1 rw'f,fi w-

By ELIZABETH HENDRIX

the one hundred years of its existINtence, the postage stamp has served many purposes besides the one for which it was originally intended. Stamp

collecting has become a diversion and a hobby, an investment and a speculation, in which the modest little paper stickers are given a fluctuating price far beyond their face value.

But the educational value of postage stamps has not yet been fully realized.

They constitute a library of history and biography, of science and art, and even a large collection of mystery stories.

There is not a nation in the world, sufficiently advanced to have postal service, which does not have one or more mystery stories written on its postage stamps.We expect to find mystery in the

stamps of the Orient, but in some instances the picture has become so tourists, and only the industrious, inIt illustrates a story which is written, familiar to us that we cease to remember dependent traveler ever finds it. A with slight variations, in most of the

the mystery. There is the dragon stamp rough jungle road leads back from the early histories of Mexico; the story of

of China, probably the oldest design coast to the ruins of AngkorThorn. It a tribe of strange Indians, from nobody

ever printed on a postage stamp, the is a way of flowers and perfume and knows where, wandering over the royal seal of Fu Hi, the first emperor birds of bright plumage, and ends sud deserts of Mexico, looking for a sign of the celestial kingdom, and one of denly before a gate so magnificent and that would tell them where to stop.

the traditional five wise men. Hidden imposing that one wonders if he is After many days their high priest saw

in the coils of that dragon are strange dreaming. It is one of the five portals the eagle on the cactus and declared it

stories of a nation that was old and wise to the deserted city. to be the promised sign. That is said

before modern history began. But who The dream deepens as one wanders to be the spot where the City of Mexico

thinks of that now? among the mighty ruins walled about now stands, and the Aztec nation grew

Most stamp collections have Egypt's by an almost impenetrable jungle, until up around it. The last chapter is ilair mail stamp with an imprint of a he reaches the greatest of them all, Anglustrated by a Mexican special delivery

plane circling the pyramids. It is an korVat, the temple which appears on stamp showing a jungle runner with a

impressive picture of the meeting of the Cambodia postage stamp. It is a roll of papyrus in his hand. It comcenturies, but most of us have read so building of splendor and magnificence memorates the royal messenger who

themuch about the pyramids that we have egual—some say, surpassing—anycarried to Montezuma the news of

forgotten the mystery. thing now left on earth. The outer walls landing of the Spaniards in Vera Cruz.

A twenty cent stamp of IndoChina, are carved in exquisite designs of birds The stamps of Guatemala illustrate with a crudely drawn picture of the and flowers, dancing children, and pray a mystery which has engaged the minds temple of AngkorVat, forms the title ing priests. Within are vast halls and of scholars all over the world, the

page of one of the most persistent unlong corridors stretching away in unmystery of Maya civilization. It spreads

answered questions.—the story of Angbroken silence, save for the sound of before us the vast area of Central Amerkor-Thorn, a great city that once shelone's own footsteps, or the flapping of ica, dotted with ruined cities of a rich

tered a population of over one milgreat bats disturbed by human presence. and powerful people, now buried deep

lion, abandoned and forgotten, and Yes, the United States of America in tropical jungles. A monolith stamp

swallowed up by the jungles of Camhas a challenging story stamp, too. It commemorates the partially exhumed

bodia for hundreds of years. Nobody peers out from every commemorative ruins of Quirigua, supposed to be one of

knows where the inhabitants went or stamp where the face or figure of an the great capitals of this disappearing why. There are no evidences of earthAmerican Indian appears. race. The Quetzal bird, which adorns

quake or tidal wave or pestilence, to But the largest collection of stamp most of the stamps of Guatemala is a account for their disappearance. During mystery stories is issued by Latin tribute to the god who is still adored

the half century that has elapsed since American countries. It starts in Mexico by scattered Maya tribes. He is known

its discovery, scholars have been trying and the title page bears the imprint of in Mexico as Quetzalcoatl and in Cento solve the riddle of AngkorThorn. Mexico's official seal, an eagle perched tral America as Kukulcan. Better

Cambodia is off the beaten track for on a cactus, with a serpent in its beak. {Concluded on page 241)

searched high and low without success for days on end. One year I

failed on the plains, and found my first one on the side of a low butte,GOING in country swarming with muledeer!

Since baby antelope are scentless, coyotes often have no better luck.

Antelope are extremely gregarious. They are, with the exception

of the bison, the most herdbound mammal in America. This is characteristic of plains animals.

flfllfi; Being desert mammals, however,

antelope are responsive to availability and distribution of water. Much

water scatters them, and reduces Hf the size of herds. A scarcity of

jgfJSmf 0*% water draws them together from the of to the vicinity miles around anwater is & waterhole. Where

nually abundant, succulent vegetation is unimportant as a source of

Photograph Courtesy Fish and Wildlife Service.

ANTELOPE AT WATERING HOLE An account of the Pronghorn Antelope—which

roamed the plains in great numbers when our fathers WERE MOVING WEST BUT WHICH HAVE BEEN CROWDED us, BACK AND BACK. increasing all aroundThey're

except in Colorado. Wyoming

takes pride in them, and andetails, minutest the goes into invites sportsmen fromnually and By ALBERT C ANTREI the American where all shows you nation to hunt them.over the Not

like, is unthen antelope and California and butonly Wyoming, is water water. drinking Its Where like, after another. animal one to straining themselves areNevada absent, entirely naturally it almost none. relatives? has nearest Well, to huntablebring numback them get to have herds been known whole horse, goat, deer, nor nor Neither Idaho,bers. and Oregon, Montana, just with seeps, or small it along for on antelope oldworld nor the season every open MexicoNew prickly like the plants, it's succulent It's nearkin. a—it's a—well,claims of then, thousands and andnow pear. pronghorn plain just a American oV desert. flock to thehunters They migrate antelope there origiand Here science says antelope, which in slightly Arizona. increasingare but range, to winter from summer plains and American nated North on never them which hadWashington, gallop snort and areas they most ago, and in years deserts many, manyin has stocked primitive days, on up round. year the range over native one home nowextinct lived there with ofa from them Nenucleus herd a larger from looks antelope prehistoric horses and camels An and surpluses.vada

is. close really distance than he to exnearly bison, Up came which and talking about I'm antelope—the is than smaller find will he plains much you itself the and tinction same on curious flyingest,gallopingest, most

(if, intaller deer, not a and much fifteen ago. years deserts about continent. our on mammalgame

is) sheep. large a than deed, is he opencountry antelope an The special—has Ripley a RobertHe's for a target a easy too not He's there he here animal. may and Oh, horse's, runs of a suggestivea mane gun. hunter's juniper into the penetrated have has alsolike he (although horse a the but horned, are sexes a he's Both part for the ridges, but most gaits), hollow has deerlikea few usually small, are and horns doe's shortgrass and vast child of open like sheds them a but cow,horns, distance. at discernible a not even spaces. shortsage shedlike doesn't yet he a deer—and windare on born antelope Young core, the and butthem, bony keeps sigof a means animals have that AfloST flats, in swales. But and swept sheath. thereally only sheds He find Forest another. to can always naling one one doesn't mean glands odoriferous of system ahas

ear largely of and the dropping on In the middle them. animals depend deer,like the he has a goat. Unlike

231) page (Continued on I have (April and season May) the unlike botha gallbladder. And

goat and the deer, but like the giraffe, he has no dewclaws.

I could go on and on. Science

X* BRIGHAM YOUNG W S. ELDREDGE HORACE

east, either the he was in Church on or for By DONALD M. BRUCE business Zion's the buying Cooperative Mercantile Institution.

transport them to the valley. In Most of the letters were written

June of 1854, he left the East to while the U. S. troops were here

return to Great Salt Lake City, intercepting the mails and making where he served as a member of the things generally uncomfortable for

Territorial Legislature, and in 1854 the Saints. In some of his letters,

he became one of the General AuBrigham Young made reference to thorities of the Church as a member this interruption of the mail service.

of the First Council of the Seventy. The contents of the letter in the

is accompanying given photograph in its entirety, just HORACE S. ELDREDGE "Drigham Young wrote many letwritten as it was

ters to Brother Eldredge while over eighty years ago.

ONEpioneerof the lesserleaders,knownHoraceof ourS.

nevertheless Eldredge was ardentone of the most Church affaf/Ae; t/tf J>Jru. Ats

workers of his time. He was born

in the town of Brutus, New York, on February 6, 1816. Before he was

twenty years old, he heard a sermon preached by a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

After further investigation he concluded that it was the only true order and decided to unite his destiny

Saints, that of thewith and moved /?/'? there i-trfr&yrutsn.Ufto Nauvoo. was present He

during the exodus and moved into '/ Quarters. /? AlthoughWinter some -

/ er tt'/j?) *#t? A'/ tfsi ee> i/p - J "-/ &./of his relatives left for the the West /w* '7

first TJ>,.- until year, he stayed 1848, f/%4?sl4Vf,-'/ /At* when </?.-</r*t r fs-n*t//frs> t.*& /&.4*ft/. a Apr de<- st AA

in Brigham Young's company he arrived Salt in Great Valley Lake after 22, 1848, threeSeptember on V //'A */***/>''// > months on the way.

There were few men that enjoyed /AA>'@/U.t(./ifi'C</ AAimA & Aat(f'j/t'n/y/r.i///(> i/ay

jj?the confidence of Brigham Young -* //.fret/? / c//H,s*fi;> '&+e ft.s/? t*e/ sttv Jw-,./.,/ Jf / - ///x <as Brother Eldredge con- ///(jZ-s/t-s did. That

fidence is shown by the fact that <?*/} A Ar/ /jsr >,sr s>r /i1 <$&M.//, J>ts<*-r'.?r,v,We'Zvy '/A/PsA/ifM-A

during his first winter in the valley, he was appointed by Brigham Young to be marshall of the terri- &v,ls/fifjj /fifY t*,<//j/7*{A?t//r/ -ew.-t./,'/A(-,- j/t/is-'y? "/

tory of Utah, assessor and collector of the taxes.

In the fall of 1852 he was called to serve a mission to the East. There

he presided over the St. Louis Con- /fey /yt/y friin'///p {soyA/at*?/;. */&n.<s& //#>

ference, and acted as General.A<ie</*'?t/ <?/<*/'/*-?A&sr w.) <>/ j?iS4/y /&&'-4$?f 't&'-''&iChurch Agent. Some idea of the

immense amoixnt of work covered by /-/trns.e.sJsn a'><?c,n>*i/'<?/"<?-u<is &opc*n.'s &"-*/ -rt <**&;

that last title may be gained from the fact that he was in charge of all immigation, both from Europe and

Infrom America. four 1853, over

*/r/'-ytrtt,'ns /4a>4C't </o. /At,*/ st/&<*/Z*/ s&trtsnf- Z&</**&t>,hundred and thousand wagons two

head of cattle started across the plains. The following year there

was an even greater number, and yjb '?n4K,*tfM''sy&rtA-- x*Ja*y *& &A/<x/i'-- t/ #/&&Hs e&*tc?C'-<Z?iJ

Brother Eldredge was pressed to find the needed conveyances to j:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

this year's immigration, any further Great Salt Lake City, than to say to you and all others to REMEMBER as your soon Feby. 4, 1858. make Utah way to and PEARL HARBOR! in the best best route manner, and by the

Pres. Horace can> gone have Our enemies S. Eldredge, yOU into And should we die before our journey s quarters ruins winter near the of Fort Brother* "Dear through,

is "** well! All day! V Happy letter of?*** 14th arrived Novr. "Your /

,., i,., i evacuatedBricr were burned aware whJ*and by instant,. * r%Cal. the.i the 3oby and on mad inspirspirit the, of pervading f faU) us and weekg sQme Hits neither contents surprise caused nor The song, ing marching haye h we Mormon w y & Wddiscouragement, as they correspond reparations such as maki be Saints,"came "Come, Come, Ye anticipated thewith * from had what / we forr *uthe preservation i. i. of necessary our Is- l r in the of Hawaiian here to us many An-., ilate.,/* All of circumstancesmovements -<.u

, i ulives. rights.1.,, ubring ofPlease j with and of fateful the lands morning Deon

. it., you*considered, will for best, probably ibe,i ht/.t,like nnrill(>r1unruled small the papernan<>r mmuch closeness certain 1941. 7, cember asJ A to <iaas once youryou enclosed, convenias sample can us to Pioneers of 1847 to our came affairscmcUi;\ atw you> forito to able yXthe ileave ube mountains arrange"LLaLT j Send b felt the years, and through we down > *at diejudgment your any moment may, fl f for a hearts they had must in have our whattate to should be unable you pay And

j mails reached h haye d stirring these theirs in as sang they aloff indebtedness, the credinform f since contract Kimball's dence Mr words.itors that plenty to of funds have we annulkd>: this like It something The happened them, since butpay have comno we i lanation ex enclose a copy..p bright of seventh December dawned mail exceptmumcation by and Panama of accQunt between the clear, in of Pathe "Paradise and is carefully that route often overby and Rr Groesbeck in cific."the Honolulu people of Most. it after borders, leaves theyhauled our or prosperity E readying about; some and up were patiently the progress waitmust and of and \n God, Kingdom leavfor Sabbath, the some themselves.,i?} of the present disturbance so T wd4 issue. 1 in. ever, as ji remain, the., Brother your i jobs, defense for ing necessary some -jiD ju "nPresidentwickedly caused Buby i r"OSDe

'""up."returning, others merely and "Brigham Young."at certainlychanan, they cannot which

could be the northwest Towardsjustly discomplain, since the present j ix - alln r - Postmastern and "-nP firing, of guns distant roar the heard is entirely fault theturbance of our,, S\ letthis Li. read have you a X7. rouattributed to naturally which was others:—When -u jreligion,enemies ofc account our on

l ter missiontine maneuvers. toL"defense We self its"? in are acting defense. onlyand destination,uesimdU'we please. f 1U1.forward r of it\be no in Mission the aries here Posslble home Japanese * I affairs, present the aspect ofUnder f ffm9 - to beneht for various leave to our preparing on were in to unable to counsel "B. regard you Y."am

Sunday Schools, and, as is our custom, at eight thirty we turned on the radio to listen to the Salt Lake Tabernacle f*a/t- choir and organ broadcast as transcribed weekly for the Islands. The

peaceful strains of "Rock of Ages,"as sung by the choir, were coming over the air. Suddenly, the local announcer

excitedly cut in on the broadcast and *&fttgs i&jm</ /La '***& /ia.tJfJ:,-,- /-t-0-/"-St *?&.-?. jS, 'rfy/s-sstsaid the Hawaiian Islands were under

off the to get for all people attack, and * - the cover! take came Then streets and

4,y- /, jj%? last words of the song

Rock of Ages cleft for me, Let me hide myself in Thee.

rethe announcer cut in and Again A his message, which momentous peated we were decidedly inclined to believe this time, as the sound of bursting bombs, airplanes, and antiaircraft firing were upon us—Back to "Salt

Lake"again, and just in time to hear

Brother Richard Evans say, "And should we die before our journey's through, Happy day! All is well."Never

shall we forget those glorious words nor the valiant men who were at that *&6&&4J$ j4&.4&& r*tf<?fjr/7Z */f rY<W * very moment dying out at Pearl Harbor,

Hickham Field, Kaneohe, and elsewhere. May God rest their souls.

And should we die before our journey's through, Happy day! all is well!

We then are free from toil and sorrow too;

just shall dwell. the With we <kv4&si< '*fe$s&[ft4J /2e #.-. *'d<ji/.jt&e4.s/ j&ds <**/e jfetlives are again our spared But if

To see the Saints, their rest obtain, '-tne,-. O how we'll make this chorus swell

All is well! All is well!

Aloha, ->. <//. Elder Charles W. Hansen.

P. S. It's still a Great World!

Proud feathers Ci Vftod&An. JablsL

pions! With vengeance in his eyes,

By he charged toward the yard, paused in front of a tall, wire fence, crowed

RICHARD buglingloud andthemightily,roadside.his haughtyThis wasvoicehis

insigout—the BALL nificantultimatumquailto thatcomehad dared to mock

him. Come out and fight!

But no response; merely soft

cluckingtance—a ofsimilarhens! crow,And froma mockingthe disHis beady eyes remained fixed. crow—the one that had vexed him

Somewhere at the top or at the all morning.

foot of these hills, there strutted anAgain he lifted his head, warbled other rooster. Imposter! One with his brief, powerful symphony, only

the notion that it could crow. to hear the hungry hens scratch for

Proud Feathers ruffled his comb bugs.

There was not room enough for Then, far off—mocking, loud,

two roosters in this valley. derisive mocking. That voice once

Close to him, a gate had been left more, that taunting voice, the one he off to search for like a open carelessly—the entrance to the had strutted wildlooking country, replete with spited wasp—it was coming from

his own barnyard. L,IIFTING his pompous fat bugs, juicy young worms—the

head, Proud Feathers crowed, long hideout of the heckler. The following morning the sun

and low, like the virile baritone he Proud Feathers glanced back at yawned over the hills. The sky bewas. His voice, powerful, compelling, the crowded barnyard. He looked came ablaze in a tapestry of red.

carried through the cold dawn as if forward again at the stoic hills. He There was no morning warble.

it had been telegraphed to tell the swaggered through the dangling Proud Feathers was silent. Alarm

neighboring residents the time. gate. The trail was rough, freclocks had to wake the slumbering

After each impressive crow, Proud quently tangled. farmers.

Feathers tilted his head, paused to Once a hedgehog darted out. With a sad shake of his head,

listen. It seemed he heard another Proud Feathers became frightened, Professor James left the chicken

voice in the distance. The third spread his wings, started to turn coop. He sighed to the poultry

time, when his notes had been swalback. Then he heard the mocking doctor:

lowed by the restless wind, he knew voice that had tantalized him all "Can't understand what's wrong the I could with else.there someone was strutted morning. through on He

retense, make became silent, his huge He it out—leavingold fellow. Wishthe yard, flowers grass, the forest of wild and

chest bursting with indignation. his dark, brown breast gleaming in turning late in the afternoon—raging

Someone was mocking him. On the the sun, his black tail militantly like a prima donna and fluttering

all the time crowing,other side of the canyon—mocking erect. over the place,

him! He, who was undisputed chamthen pausing. Crowing, then pauspion of all roosters, chief crower of ing! As if he were fighting with his

them all, holder of first prize at the Jri few more startled inshadow!"

SisloO'County Fair. troductions to "foreign"animals The keeneyed expert gave his

Without regard for his dignity, then he reached his destination. He brief analysis. "Barnyard too small.

he had been carted last afternoon found himself at the foot of the purNot enough insects."

from his comfortable city roost to ple hills which looked so close. BeBut Professor James wondered,

Professor James'ranch. fore him, shaded by two weeping while in the open, the wind creasing

On his first morning here, he was willow trees, nestled a house, in a the wild grass, scattering the seeds being mocked. deep yard that was being explored of matured flowers, murmured the

It would call for investigation. for food by a handsome brood of inside story. And the fat, tiny sparAfter feeding time, he paraded hens. rows bobbing on long arms of shimtheir trees mering heads at nodded fence, the stared to the at the tall,over This was the place—obviously

hills. emblazoned the There, purple hillsjagged, purple the place! bordering somewhere there Here

miniature valley. They looked so paraded a rooster, without any rein rows of scarlet elm, the answer,

mighty, so close. Flapping his spect for its superiors, rascally imbrief, profound:

wings, throwing out his chest—he pertinent! It had mocked him, PROUD FEATHERS, VICTIM

agreed they were as big as he was. Proud Feathers, champion of chamOF AN ECHO.

LITTLE THINGS APRIL MIRACLE EASTER MORNING

By Cora May Preble By Phyllis Morden By Kathrine H. Williams

little things at tug my heart:Such I shall in this is crystalringed; wondrous fountain's seek Thee bowl LORD, THE that start in spring jonquil leaves Green

its hour, hold sparrows base brown About their and grass through push wayTo all the for council. wisdom Rainbowwinged Wiser Complaining Mary won loam—cold. illuminate turned from fruitless searching of a the Doves Who sea with caps of foam;An emerald coat icy pathways'dour Upon the

son! victorious for feathery along; Earthsepulchre swept snow is Thy

of flowering apple sprayA I to shall earthly Thee, throat turn views warbler's from an unseen from bloom; TheYet So

lilacs'fresh perfume; ofA whiff little part gifts to ask: April in a song. some burgeons Needing no Green

clinging against cloud a hillA the old monotony Of sill. a geraniums red on m>And heart! understanding even an To radiancelift—or

Lord, I shall seek Thee by a lovelier road, to things pull tinySuch my heart WANDERLUST ascent to Thy holy hill A swifter it split apart! almost wideTo relinquishing Eastertide, This the goad

pain tear with they canBut Marie Dorothy my heart By still... all grateful to that bids song want Davis Of

.. silver rain! April's. andThese church's shall scale the praise joy and My

trees deep roots with T)lum dome

Blossom... yet I, hearing spring, As well befits a child come gladly home!

I LOVE BLUE Think of birds flying.

By Mildred T, Hunt Oh,Allbluetheisimmensitiesa color I love,of earth are made SONNET ON LIFE of it (To the memory of my friend,

The seven seas, the firmament above; J. Edwin Nelson.)

And ever the breast of the pure white dove

Shows a shade of it. By Helen Hinckley Jones

All the dear, small things are touched with

The iteyestoo,of the newborn are always blue. AGAINand it'slongspring. The days grow sweet

Shadows in the sunlight, Toward full summer; and the greening fields

Mist above the sea, He loved stretch promisingly toward the

At dusk the rolling lea, strong

So I'll wear blue for you, my love, tonight. Protective cup of mountains. Sorrow yields

To hope, and death to life. Yet now he

sleeps RICH MEASURE And will not wake though life he loved calls clear By Nell K. A. Foster With breathless urgency, and Ruth who

weeps answered. Now he does notI My hear. live children—whiterobedand breathe by preciouschristenings,things: He always

First teeth, first curls (the hoarded size),

First photographs, with stickout ears How can he dare to sleep when all the earth

And chubby fists and staring eyes, He loved is wakening? He was my friend.

First words, first steps, and down the years He sometimes talked of man and God to me

First schools and timid coquetry, And so I know his faith was this: That birth

First valentines, first loves, first flowers. Must follow death.... Man's living does

I do not reckon sunny time not end

By clocks alone, but as they chime; In sleep.... Awakening's in Eternity.

life for me; measureMy children

mark lengthening shadowsTheir my hours. TREES

By Grace M. Candland

THE HOUSEWIFE'S PRAYER "LJow wonderful are trees in early spring SPRING, THE NEW BORN

By Julia W. Wolfe When nature sends her liquid strength By Edna S. Dustin

the of the seasons, born newThey seem

Thee, forth her blanket from such trivial things to bring to New countlessto formbuds, her April offering, Opring,Comes of snow storm, winter's of passing the symbol AThese humdrum of green, Wearing emerald a gown is likeRooms of lace limb each soon a web And to be cleaned—andduties of breadthe workaday,and cake for buds With colored a bow. to bake. racing that clouds of skim Against a mass

to clothesSocks and tiny be darned to make;

to Across the sky and tumble into place The heavens are her eyes of blue; things such petty to bring seemThey

Thee... Like drifted snow along the mountain rim. The golden sunbeams, strands of hair;

And yet, dear God, if by their light neglect The spring rains, her childish tears

Every little house should lose its cosy grace, I gazed in ecstacy and wondered why Her voice the birds of the air.

And husband, children should prefer to roam I had not lifted up my eyes to see wife from the and mother and homeAway floating picture there lovely so free, spring are winds her The dancing The warm

Into lure of the less holy place, some feet, in the sky, nameless panorama A 'Tis that well raise should a womanhood place, will carry her her on to of praise heart takes That within song my prayer: A

"God bless our home,"and deign to sojourn wing Where she will bloom into maidenhood there. When trees begin to waken in the spring: In a summer of beauty and grace.

I may gather fruits and vegetables and can them for winter's use and teach my children that work in the soil is honest and a thrilling experiWhat can ence. Such was the work of our

pioneers and established in them great principles.

I can tell all who will listen that our democracy is like a tender plant DO? and extremely sensitive. It can

grow to maturity and full fruitage

By MRS. I. R. DONNERGAARD itandis sendtendedoffcarefullyhealthy andshootsis notonlyleftif

to wither and die because of laziness or neglect. For it, like the plants of

I can listen alertly to the news the garden, needs constant care and reports and, with one "ear to the encouragement. And it, like the

ground,"watch for signs of subtle plants, cannot tend itself. We are

propaganda designed to overthrow the gardeners.

point of values. sense out I can my

Whenever I hear persons, poitesting that these neighbor are to my times and that we must weigh our soned by the subtle suggestion of futility right their in exercising the intelligence reasoning and own

I say, the to vote, use?""What's against of others the views who

might or might not see as clearly can remind them that it is their own as we. voice which they are shutting off

while they have the freedom to exWhen rules and regulations are press themselves. They should aptightened in our city, state and napreciate such a privilege in one of

tion, I can remind myself and others the few countries left on the face that the largest cornerstone upon of the earth allowing its peoples that which our nation was built, way back right.

in those troubled times was tolerance. I can instil in my children one of

the most important qualities of charcer- that children I can teach my For appreciaacter—appreciation. tain intolerances led estabto the tion for the breeds courtesy, respect

lishment of this nation and the same other fellow's rights, of his thinking, ones will preserve it; the intolerance and of his property. It promotes

of waste, destruction, laziness, and selfrespect of kind and pride—the indifference. for the highest pride that reaches

in this busican "hat I do I point achievements. and can teach I can them and more ideals more national ness deof that these are the privileges out that the virtues about of appreciation fense?"in brings. freedom a democracy responsibilities, the of assuming and"WI literally, neck, with to am up my

I learn myself. can and more of them at present family and and home prayerful thinking my study and By

find my time so filled that I can't I can utilize time and materials in I can maintain a state of thinking find a half day free to devote to a countless ways. What I cannot use, that cannot demoralize my outlook.

Red Cross unit. But I am eager to I can clean and mend and send to And thus fortified I can help to lift

do my part and I want it to be a very those agencies who can put them to the morale of those who cannot see effective part in the defense of all further use in times of disaster. above the morass of human defeatthose things that are valuable to me ism and might succumb to its deand mine—everything that has made structive propaganda.

our lives pleasant and which I have always our children. felt would be the heritage of NAUVOO BAND achesI recallof thethefoundershardshipsandandearlyheartset-

tlers of our nation and the courage "But what,"I asked myself, "can By Eva Willes Wangsgaard and sacrifices of those ever west-

I do?"folpioneers wardpressing who the plains that knew the hungry ABOVE them. I sympathize and lowed am I began to take mental inventory howl

of my working equipment. Of preying wolves, the Redman's warring grateful for all they established.

scream, in instilled I believe should This be ideals certain First of all, I have And hearts honk or swishing wings of migrant the of minds the young and tools the sharpest certainly are which fowl one needs. I am firm in the belief Ascended notes that wove a stranger theme, people of the nation and kept alive

that they are enduring and fine, for For when the refugees from sad events in the memory of their elders who they are the ideals of democracy: Disposed of jewelry and tableware, might have forgotten that much of

barter did Musicians instruments not of is eduof worship, freedom that freedom have today good was all we as of sellthoughts would soon have They cation, speech, of and, most freedom possible those great and made by prayer. ing

all, of to the important freedom work unselfish humble and women. men that has to music knew the power They

out my own soul's need. lift

all, of hearts, important heads, the most But must Discouraged bowed we ideals these enmobilize I can and limb; dragging for gratitude express our land such a children to courage do and aid my nightly, campfire smoke, with the the And, its ideals, as the ours by living by I same. because I can have This do drift would

the blessedness of the freedom in Quadrille and schottische, anthem, or only way by which they are kept which to do it. grateful hymn. alive.

Though hands and lips are stilled, a city

There is much that I as mother, grew "This"in answer to my own queswife, homekeeper, can do. For every tune beyond their lost Nauvoo. tion, "is what I can do."

(L Jawl

gust 9, 1857, and came to America in 1861. She said she was eight

weeks crossing the water. "We went PIONEER STORY through some terrible storms,"she

remarked, "and all of us thought

By EARL A. CHECKETTS, JR. surelycaptainthetoldboatus wouldit wassink.carryingBut toothe

Winner of Second Prize in the M. I, A. many Mormons to go down. Strange

it eased our minds. Scout Theme Project Contest as that may seem,

After we reached land we went by train to Winter Quarters, where we were met by covered wagons which to thing possible help young another. one how sent President Brigham had been byfolks today"G'racious,get around! thing as such They hop There was no this In reached manner locked Young. we

into an automobile or airplane and doors then. If a person needed Utah. The Indians were friendly as

are in a different state in less time something that he didn't have, and long as we kept them well fed, and than it takes to tell,"declared my his neighbor had it, he just helped they even helped us out of several eightythree year old greatgrand- himself. He knew he would be weltight spots."

mother, Mrs. Eliza Burdett Horscome."Continuing with her story, she

pool, shaking her head slowly. Then Grandmother continued her told me about Ogden. "Ogden

"There was none of that in my story, telling about the first train to wasn't much to look at then. When

day. About the most adventurecome into Ogden. She, unlike most we arrived, there were only three

some trek we ever made was down of the other witnesses of the great shinglecovered buildings in the to the home of our nearest neighbor event, was not frightened into sudtown, the tabernacle and the homes to borrow a bit of fire. It sounds odd, den departure by the engine's apof Walter Thompson and James

I admit,"Grandmother smiled, "but pearance. Brown. All the other homes were

it's true, nevertheless. Matches "I was too interested in the workof log, with thatched roofs. Later

were expensive then. A little box ings of the contraption to be frightadobe buildings were erected."

of them, smaller than we get now for ened of it,"she grinned. "My inGreat-grandmother Horspool was

a nickle, cost exactly one dollar. I terest didn't help my girl friend any, married to John R. Horspool, Ocoften think how funny it would seem though. I turned to discuss some tober 5, 1875. They were the parto glance out of the window now of the high points with her and ents of eleven sons and daughters,

and see someone rush down the finally located her out in the middle seven of whom are living.

street with a shovel full of fire, bent of a big slough. The temptation to To conclude her story she told me

on getting it home and into the stove stay and examine the train more about the entertainments. "Enterbefore it burned out. closely and let her get herself out of tainment in those days was different,

"Pioneers had to do some funny the mess was great, but my conalso. Where theaters and nightthings to get along in the world, but science got the better of me. I dragclubs are the rage nowadays, we

cuttings to and peach enjoy used his from a woodchopper away gedlife them. really to something meant

pulls. them enjoyed But candy we rescue. to her went and work we apart, farther then, althoughPeople enfancy enjoy you than your more did, too, bething a good was we closer unIt really if youwere... tertainments."

derstand what I mean. One's nearest cause she was stuck in some quickEven now my greatgrandmother

neighbor perhaps was miles away, sand."is still active in the Church, serving

but just the same everyone knew My greatgrandmother, Mrs. Eliza as a Relief Society teacher in her

everyone else and usually did everyHorspool, was born in England, Auward.

We%urcfilovesConference<General Sessions The Church of the Air broadcast this

Suspended For First Time FOREIGN LANGUAGE year will have a particular significance

Since 1919 MEETINGS BANNED to members of the Church generally because no session of the general conthe first since time 1919, andTOR since has the time second Church the AT dencythe meetingand theof Councilthe First ofPresithe throughference thewill Sundaybe openmorningto them,broadcast.except

been established in the Rocky MounTwelve held in the Salt Lake Temple, tains, the general sessions of the annual March 12, 1942, the following deFirst Presidency reached: was this cision will heldApril not conference be Issues Pamphlet On "1. the war, duration of the For officialyear. announcement, (See Meetings Suspended the instruction from until further or 224.)page

that all meetings First Presidency, activities the general boards, of HPhe conferences semiannual and Annual in throughout languages foreign held presisuperintendencies, stake beginning held each year in Ocwere the except the of the stakes Church tober, 1848, after the coming of the Mexican Branch in Salt Lake City, be dencies, and board members, which are

Saints to the Salt Lake valley. Condiscontinued; this to include all auxto be curtailed during the existing emerferences were held semiannually up to iliary meetings, summer excursions, gency, are explained in "Instructions

etc. conferences, general at to of Pertaining Auxiliary Suspension I. throughout The assembliesand World War "2. officers of these present All Institutes, Conventions, and Unioninfluenza the postponeepidemic caused

released. should be organizations First the recently issued Meetings"by April of the from conference 1919ment "3. and books, funds, All song of the Presidency. pamphlet Copiesto June. orthese other property, on hand by

ganizations should be deposited with have been sent to stake presidents,

April 5th Fast Meeting the First Presidency to be used as aubishops, and stake auxiliary officers.

Inasmuch as the General Conference thorized by them.

A services to be held on Sunday morn- "4. Stake presidents and bishops Elder Richards

ing, April 5, 1942, beginning at 10 a. m. of wards are requested, through the Marks Birthday

stake teachers missionthe and ward is sugbroadcast overwill be KSL, it of the F. Richards George ThLder attention special to system, give ary

that that in the area coveredgested by of the to the the of needs members celebrated of the Council Twelve station, the regular Fast Meetings for Church of foreign birth, and to enhis eightyfirst birthday, February 23, the month of April be held on March courage them to do their full duty in quietly accepting the tributes of friends, 29, 1942, instead of April 5, 1942. the Church."family, and associates. Elder Richards,

Station areas In not covered by KSL since 1906, has been an apostle who well might be April Fastthe Meeting Salt of the president is a former Lake held on the regular day, April 5, 1942. on Easter Sunday, April 5, which is Temple and is Acting Church Patriarch.

also conference Sunday.

of the Air"Nationwide "Church of the Elder Stephen L Richards

April 5th, at 11 a. m., M. W. the Church Obtains of T. Council will be the Twelve

7V NATIONWIDE Church of the Air speaker. His subject will be "Had Chapel Site

"broadcast will be heard from TemWe Listened to the Prophets."Easter in Des Moines

ple Square in Salt Lake City from 1 music by the Tabernacle Choir will also Purchase of a site for a chapel in to 11:30 a. m., Mountain War Time be presented. Des Moines, Iowa, has been authorized, Elder George Albert Smith of

the Council of the Twelve reported recently as he returned from a two week trip in the east.

Weber Institute Building Dedicated President David O. McKay dedicated the Institute of Religion adjacent to the Weber College campus,

Sunday, March 8, at Ogden, Utah.

Speakers on the program included Dr.

Franklin L. West, Church commissioner

of education, and Dr. Henry Aldous

Dixon, president of Weber College.

MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME Dr. Asahel D. Woodruff, institute diARRIVED FEBRUARY 16, 1942—DEPARTED FEBRUARY 26, 1942 rector, conducted the exercises.

Left to right, first row: Arvell G. Banks, Dorine Richards, Norma Dredge, Phyllis Bowden, Don B.

Andreasen, Robert Valoy Thompson, Fern L. Child, G. Murdoch. Colton, Edith

B. Cazier, Paul row: Verle Katherine Waidron, Thomas L. Lamprecht, Dorothy Manookin, Microfilmed Hawaiian Records Second

Blodgett, Marie E. Duehlmier, Dorothy Ray, Marjory Boyce, Anderson, Pearl M. Ned Winder. E. Carolyn

Timothy, Arthur Crandall, Sanders, Helen Reach Salt Lake City Margaret James Verna Mae row: William Howard Third

Sanders, Prele Gertsch, Zola Baker, Shea, Bernice Norton. D. Lena La Johnson, Howard Rosetta Ottley, all of microfilm copy complete A Stephens, R. C. Robinson, Dale Berrett, Wallace I. Passey, 0. Call, E. Van Max Fourth row; Wm. Maria *"* the records from Temple Hawaiian Buell. Jay Nielson, E. H. Hunter, L. James Checketts, Alta

Thackeray, Nelson, Zundel, Douglas E. Robinson, Spencer Bond, Willie Hugh Max row: Fifth to the 1919, Wendell dedication in November,

Lindsay. Allen Barker, William Leonard Roy Hill, S. Standage, George

the and present time, Dansie, has been made Williams Carvel Guest, Lloyd Zollinger, Jess Charles Bennett, Elmer Jacob Sixth row: Heber

Victor Anton F. Johnson, Milo Hansen, Leon Clayton, Joseph Wazab. Don Isaac De Earl Webb,

C. Nichols, Lorin Fisher Widdison, Sagers, Malcom row: La Var Ephraim E, Stuki, films safely transported to Salt Lake Elmer Seventh

Spencer T. Rees, Orlo S. Maw, Lyle R. Tregaskis, Gordon Bennion, Nathaniel Keller. City, where they are in the safe keeping

Balls, Cazier, Orville S. Marsden Scott H. Smith, Card, Lynn Willard R. C. Lundell, row: Eighth of Utah. Society Genealogical the Roy of

J. Keith Anderson. Clifford Ted Smith, Smart, Lyle John S. Jensen, A. project suggested John by Dr. Murphy, Richardson, R. Phillips, Royal Hands, Cook, Marion John Kenneth The G. row: Waldo Ninth

B. Grant. Thirl Ttw, Wallace Jenkins, Stelter, Leon Reinald

Longenbohn Le Jr., John G. Erkelens, Ellis J. Robinson, John Duncan, Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve Roy N. Taylor, row: Ray Tenth

Stratford Evans, Owsn D. Christenstn, George F. Abrams, John L. Weenig. in February, 1939, was recently com220

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON pleted. Meanwhile the probate records "Fulness of Times"plaques were set in concrete to record

of Hawaii are being microfilmed for On Virginia Station the centennial event.

the Society. follow22, the Sunday March On

regular the 'T'he "Fulness of Times,"Church ing the day, centennial

Elder George Albert Smith historical radio drama, is now beChurch radio program between 9:15

Attends Scout Meet in N. Y. ing broadcast each Sunday evening and 9:45 p. m. over station KSL was

Virginia, a Charlottesville, radio atfrom City, Elder SmithTn Society. turned the Relief over to New York A station. the LeRoy Snow, a member of in connection national dramatization of the tended planned a meeting

is city, in that Church sponsoring the centhe of celebration general theexecutives of a Scouts with Boy of Ameris program, being greeted enthuwhich 1,ica, for tennial, originally April reelected planned of the chairman and was siastically the public. radio by The in 2, Salt City, for resolutions given 3 andprogram committee Lake and was

station lent radio has the missionaries this general of thethe national meeting annual program. radio counon The

to in the transcriptions a machine play cil St. held to at Paul, to held been celebration be have Minnesota, which was the interested friends. of homes -Re15. inbeginning Relief Society's the with connection May Butler, ported F, Elder by East Boyd canceled been has annual conference States Central Mission.President Grant conditions. of because war

Receives Gavel Relief Society A thirtyfive foot bell tower on Temthe Relief SoSquare, the casing part of from planned by made A gavel Marks Anniversary ple its centennial,"ciety has to memorialize in spring pioneer the of a Old

Settlement at Mount Pisgah, Iowa, has President Heber J. Grant and Amy been contracted and is to be completed

been received by President Heber J. Brown Lyman, president of the Naabout June.

Grant. The gavel was made by Ben tional Woman's Relief Society, were

Rusk who explained that the gavel the speakers on a radio program celeRoosevelt Hospital could serve as a memorial to the anbrating the founding of the organizaReady for Equipment tion. also feabroadcast, which Thecestors people are buried of many who S. L. Hospital Roosevelt D. has The historical sketch, tured dramatized ain there. cemeteries pioneer gavel The

is A been completed and now ready a. heard at m., from 8:00 was in the KSL of placed Bureau Informawas

for equipment. building The was 17. Marchtion museum.

in erected cooperation the Church by Sister President Grant's and Lyman's

New Primary radio addresses were recorded and a with the Roosevelt Ward and other

Leader Named transcription sent to each ward and wards of the Roosevelt Stake in eastern

Utah, at a cost of approximately as Society branch Relief a centennial]1[rs. was LaVern Watts Parmley

gift celebration general from the board. $36,000. *"appointed 28, as second February

Later in the day more thanassistant superintendent of the Primary eighteen Those Who Have Passed Away Relief Societies throughoutAssociation, succeeding Janet M. hundred

Thompson. the Church paused in their activities to Mrs. Hitope Joshua, ninetynine, an InSister Parmley was appointed to the mark their centennial year of existence. dian woman and the oldest person in the

[Idaho] valley, died first In Malad 2 at unlike February not the programs meeting in general 1941. boardPrimary July,

in Idaho. convert home Washakie, Illinois, in 17, her held A Nauvoo, March she. thePreviously of a was member to the in she 1877, her Church and husband to best 1842, discuss met women how Bonneville (Salt City) Stake Lake to a mission went horseback on by Wyotheir in share could they the do world board, junior in activePrimary and in first the 1900, ming being Indian among

future. the of immediate I. in organizationsseminary A. and of missionaries M. the Church.

the Grant, Emigration, and ThirtyRelief Society organizations planted Mrs. Elizabeth Ann Pugsley Hay ward,

third wards. She is the wife of Dr. trees memorializing the centennial. eightyseven, January 26, at Salt Lake City.

Thomas J. Parmley of the University Near many of the trees, small bronze [Continued on page 222)

of Utah physics department.

The retiring member of the Primary general superintendency, Sister Thompson, was appointed as second assistant to Superintendent May Green

Hinckley in January, 1940.

Navy Honors Captain Bennion /"ne of four new destroyers being built by the U. S. Navy will bear

the name Bennion in honor of Captain

Mervyn Sharp Bennion who fell in the service of his country at Pearl

Harbor, last December 7. Captain MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

Bennion, a native of Vernon, Utah, is ARRIVED MARCH 9, 1942—DEPARTED MARCH 18, 1942

the sonin-law of President J. Reuben Left to right, first row: Jay R. Farmer, Phil E. Thayn, Norma Brimhall, Don B. Colton, Ethel E.

Jensen, Arlene Douglas Stephenson, Newton. Boyd services held Nakken,Clark, were Memorial Jr.

row: Laney, L. Second R. R. Brooks, Richard Melvin Jack Dangerfield, Ardell Washburn, Thelma

in Washington, D.for him B. Harris, Meyers, Minnie C, FebKeith Frederick Duff in, Conrad Kreutzer, Victor E. Steimle.

Jr., row: Ambrose B. Chabot, Lloyd, H. Shurtliff, R. Syphus, Roy Edward Emily Alan F. pageruary 15, (See March Era,

Fife, 146) Pendleton,Third Russon, Glen L. Gwendolyn Milton Jr., Benjamin Howells, Lemmon, G. Wiest. Walter

friends for his transcribedwhich were row: Lloyd Fourth Franklin William McArthur, Pedersen, Jens Edward Eugene Gibbs, William K. Dunkley,

Davis, Jenkins, Ramsey Larsen, Gordon Keith Berrett. Mark Bradshaw, Wilson, E. Carl G. Wm. 20. J.at Salt February City on Lake

Fifth III, row: David Nelson, Cornwall G. B. Knudsen, Darwin Austin Hammond, C. W. Haws, George

also awarded, posthumwas Glover, Calvin Daniel Price, C. He Burgon, Khahl Grant J. Melvin C. Christensen, Rex Ogden, Stanford Dean

ously, the Congressional Medal of Russon.Sixth row: Garth E. Pehrscn, Jack A. Wagstaff, Lewis Coltrin, Irvin Walter Noall, Paul H. Christensen,

Honor, highest award for valor given Del E. Brady, Glen Call Bleazard, Joseph Peterson, Joseph S. Henroid.

B. Hillier, row: Lowell Hanna, Kendell, Fred Robert Ralph L. Alton Dickman, Haslam, States. the United medal Theby

B. was Hazen Seventh Virgil Kenneth C. Thomson, Bennion, W. Deppe, Owen R. Hubsmith. Arthur W. Cline,

wife, to his Clark Louisepresented row: Eighth Mervin Salvesen, J. Mackelprang, Norman Gayneld Pulsipher, Elvin Lynn D. Richardson,

Bennion, with a letter from President La VarNinthBateman,row: WinstonKeith Barton,L. Benson,WayneDavidL. 0.Peterson,Lloyd, OninDern T.AlbertMiller,Campbell,D. ClaytonReedBishop.Atwood Beck, Newell C.

Franklin D. Roosevelt. Remington, Wayne C. Durham, Frank H. Neilson, K. Ross Tu:ker, Clayton Wilkinsen, Adrian McOmber.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued from page 221 the John R. Barnes seminary, and a South by the Argentina Mission Relief Sohigh Davis Stake councilman. general the board organization's ciety to politics, a in playing leader had been aShe

eightyone, Eunice Mrs. Harris, Stewart in early March. suffrage the in roleprominent woman

S. of mother Franklin president Harris, Dr. legispicture a member the in by was made Utah The introducingmovement,

of University, died Brigham Young at her national the ratifying Relief the resolutionlature SoMission the of Argentina in 10. Provo, home a March She was president as act. actedsuffrage had She greeting: the ciety bears and

first the of classes the at taught member of Daughters the of parliamentarianand in 1876. Brigham sisters During Mission, Young Academy of the Argentina the We, of a member been had Pioneers. SheUtah

lifetime her part in she took the north Church's sisters of the join with our hands in the Liberty presidency Societythe Relief efforts colonization in Alberta, appreciation, and to Mexico in love commemorate and stakes. Saltand Lake

fifteen Relief also Canada. Society. had She spent about of the centennial beloved our 25, a member Palmer, fifty, January Elijah

years officiating in the Temple. Logan River Bear Valley the Ward,of Park beautifully the Pictured decorated on

missionary a formerly bishopric andStake the cloth are representing two women Excommunications States. thein Southern

the organand South American North bishop formerly Wintle, Barlow George for TIarie excommunicated Moss, izations, clasping hands. shown Above Stake, Bingham Riverside theof Ward, died iV1 apostasy, Dec. 28, 1941 in the San is centennial the of the Relief symbol 9.January

Joseph Levi Staples, formerly bishop of Jose Ward, San Francisco Stake. Society, with the motto, "Charity Never

the Elsinore Ward, Sevier Stake, died JanRay L. Cheney, excommunicated for Faileth."Flags of the United States

uary 13. adultery, June 6, 1941 in the Fairview and Argentina are shown above typical

bishop formerly Potter Brown, Sasey of South Sanpete Stake. North Ward, landscapes of the two countries. died Stake, Rexburgthe Ward, Lyman Deelstra, for excommunicated Henry

27.January adultery, Feb. 2, 1942 in the Nineteenth B. Y. U. Resources bishop formerly Powell, Ezra Thomas Salt Stake. Lake to Stake, Ward, Victory Pledged Far West the Marriottof Ward,

died January 27. Andrew C. Schade, excommunicated

Miss Agnes Campbell, eightyone, formfor apostasy, Mar. 9, 1941 in the Mt. "Ccience Applied to Emergencyer member of the Y. W. M. I. A. general Tabor Ward, Portland Stake. Problems"is the title of sevenboard for nearly half a century, died FebByrle Elton Blades, excommunicated point program of activities now being

addition In City. Salt at 19, Lakeruary for in apostasy, the 9, 1941 Mt. Mar. carried out UniBrigham by Young

activities her Church work Mutualto her Portland Stake. versity Science. Tabor Colleges Ward, of Applied of business manager The beingincluded Sr., B. DeBuizer, excomGerret lecshort courses, Demonstrations, J. until that magaJournal Women'sYoung

22, for apostasy, 1942 Feb. tures, municated private conferences are being and with Improvement Thezine merged was

Era in November, 1929. in the East Orange Ward, New York arranged by Dean Thomas L. Martin.

Mrs. Sarah Chappie Bennett, ninetyStake. Research facilities and resources of

seven, who walked the greater distance the institution are directed at the soluacross the plains to Utah, in 1865, died tion of problems having to do with seventeen spent 19. She hadFebruary state national welfare and and efficiency old the of president andyears as counselor

in time. sevenpoint war program The Society. ReliefMidvale Ward

is as follows: former seventytwo, Bailey, Thomas

the at the and of Ward,bishop Nephi 1. Better utilization of land water, and patriarch 19, death, his of Februarytime greater at aimed production crop of been Stake. mayor had theof Juab He 2. Increased production sugar (See p. his senator from state Utah a andNephi 206.)

district. 3. Fruit canning and crop problems eighty, head former Sears, Dr. Heber J. 4. production of better The and more Preof and Hygiene the departmentof milk at costs and eggs lower of Utah, University the atventive Medicine 5. efficifor planning Community more he of England, 24. nativeFebruary A distribution ent of social adeconomic and His in 1864. to his parents with Utahcame vantages, especially times in transwhen to mission activities included aChurch

is portation dehampered emergency by centhe of turn the before ZealandNew mands tury. 6. Public health sanitation and former seventyfour, Jefferies, Richard 7. Mechanical needs

First Grantsville the of Ward,bishop

Tooele Stake, and former Tooele County commissioner and Grantsville mayor, died Synthetic Rubber Made

February 16, at Grantsville, Utah. His in Utah in 77

Church career included missions to Great

Britain in 1893 and 1907. BRAILLE PRESENTATION HThe recent discovery of the feasibilMorris Roberts Parry, fiftyfive, formerly A ity of extracting rubber from the

bishop of the South Gate Ward, South Portland Library Receives rabbit brush covering vast areas of the

Los Angeles Stake, died February 2, at his Braille Book of Mormon west for use in the nation's defense

South Gate, California, home. efforts had been anteceded by children

eightyfour, Olsen, braille Christian Utah in was M. Book of Mormon npHE of pioneers sixtyfive years Utah ago

artist active worker, died and FebChurch the Library to presented * recently according of Salt E. Heppler to John 10, at Saltruary Lake City. Portland, at Oregon, Association by City. Lake

former P. the of bishop Youd, Lake John Harris Stake. Olive Mrs. the Portland other and herding boys He many

1. died Stake,Shore February Ward, Nebo stake of the Iva Davis Mrs. and Mae in Sevier Glenwood, cows County,

Briggs, bishop former of the Isaac Spanish the presenschool board made Sunday extracted Utah, rabbit rubber from Stake, Fourth Fork Palmyra and Ward, is tation. copy, bound which The for in brush use to as chewing and gum I. 5. worker, died A. FebruaryM. available will volumes, be made seven the reinforce of bowstrings homemade of former Allen bishop Joseph McKee, in residing blind persons to Oregon bows. the Stake, Glines died Uintah FebWard,

ruary 5. and Idaho. The bark was stripped from the stalks

Arthur Welling, sixtyfour, formerly of the brush until the stalk was cleaned bishop of the Liberty Ward, Liberty Stake, Argentina Relief Society completely They would then lightly and president of the North Central States Sends Memento scrape the fresh inner bark with a knife

Mission from 1929 to 1934, died March 8, blade. After thoroughly chewing the

at his home in Farmington, Utah. At the /entennial greetings in the form of sweetsmelling substance for several

time of his death he was an instructor at an embroidered picture was sent [Continued on page 242)

HifBooKHacR SOMETHING WENT WRONG in which Miss Hawes couches her informa- (Lewis Browne. Macmillan is that of the volume The purpose and Co. UNTO THE HILLS GOES INTO tion. York. 360 pages. $3.50.)New process of the through an understanding EDITION SEVENTH public clothing, in the buying used making perplexed of us whichnpHE man—and to nearly more and designers come may

Hills of popularity the * not for the Unto now perplexed?—seeking want. they C. both what J. is THE M.

the causes of present will chaos world be of President Richard L. Evans by

greatly reading helped of by the of this book. Seventy, the First Council and HOME AGAIN of history,"It is "a summation modern editor of acmanaging Improve'The

curate in statement, but simple and nonment Era, is evidenced by the fact Family Fun in Home Defense technical in language. It begins with that it has sold out six editions. Its (Published by the National Recreation

James Watts'steam engine and traces the seventh edition has now come from Association, 315 Fourth Avenue, many events since then that have culmithe press, just two years after its New York City. 15c.)

in catastrophicnated our day. initial in 1940. author April appearance The is replete suggestions booklet with This that thesuggests history unfolds he the Brothers, had Published and Harper by for families in their to neighbors and use

flavor of story; is mystery a collecindeed so and Hills a the York, Unto it New recreational program. suggestions The

for the seems, gains of the he describes age tion of the Tabermorning Sunday will easily followed given are be found and thisshould have the happiest made sermonettes. nacle radio the in great family of at keeping worth

all for in the history. men, world's Whytime, in better providing fun and more home

it is so? not significant This gives book telling, story economically. Dramatics,

clues. crafts puzzles, as well as are games, and

Of special interest now, this book is of WHY IS A DRESS? listed, with clever sketches to illustrate the

the value aspermanent story of one of activities. (Elizabeth Viking Hawes. Press, New various the most interesting and important periods situa- "If of the present as an outcome 1942. 184 pages. $2.00.) It history.of the represents human of York. type learn tion ourselves to enjoy around our we

historical treatment of us. needed most by bulletin, firesides,""it will says the home after written the Foreword, day

has inLewis done Browne service all a all, for better us us some work making good fine, ThePearl strong introduces Harbor, a the of this production A. folk, W. better neighbors, better and home all for note be to wish book.—/.us we of us—whether citizens."C. J. M. dress pilots, designers, airplane doctors: or

A CENTENARY OF RELIEF SOCIETY "Thetraining.importantThere'sthingno isuseto tryingget a thoroughto cheat. LITTLE PITCHERS WITH BIG EARS

(To be issued by the General Board... The better the education everyone de- (Written and Illustrated by The Children

mands for himself, the quicker the times of the Fifthof and the their Teacher, Grade Society, Relief 1, 1942. Nan May

will change."Hall. City Publishing Garden Fifty pages. cents Company,96 a copy.)

Valuable as this book is to those who Garden City, New York. 1942.)

dress choose would designing as a vocato press, the go announcement we As it is tion, ineven for written the chilvaluable for children more lthough by A this of comes unusual appropriate** and it sight all gives to to as as well buy dren, will who adults this read ** book who gift will available for book which be Moththose their clothing. In it make find who own while. most worth Treated from aner's It will set forth in Day. picture and if fact, to wish themunderstand women unusual of point in content, view makeup,story, history the its Relief of Society from selves, will they well this to read psydo art this and will work, to book do much to thebeginning its first close of century, chological book, dealing with by "strong, women sound make Americans."17, 1942. in itMarch blue Bound paper, one has loved designing studied who and the this it publication From of volume itswill title the have centennial inand it the from time she years ten is when was that other hoped teachers will take coursignia in its stamped gold cover. on old. age and encourage oreativeness genuine on price has kept The been as as low posof review the complete book tne No would be their parr pupils. of M.C.J. cents a postpaid. copy, Moneysible—fifty without adroit, the comment clever on way (Concluded on page 230)must the orders accompany which can be

given to your ward Relief Society Magazine representative or sent direct to the

General Board of Relief Society, 28 Bishop's building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

are now SOCIALON FREEDOM OOKd (John Stuart Mill. Columbia University more important than ever

Press, New York. Reprinted 1941. 69

pages. $1.00.) With the postponement of Conference and the curtailing of

it is travel, automobile now more necessary than ever before mill, stuart long recognized as anJohn in books to have good your home. authority individual on not liberty, has

been so readily recognized in his attitude that at times there is necessity of limiting that for freedom the benefit society. of In BUY BY BOOKS MAILthis essay, reprinted in that order the authto cannot you store, U our come select the books you want by mail.or's ideas If be permanently kept, the readers title you do not the know of anylet usspecialhelp youbook you desire, write us for complete

information, etc. prices, tohave ponder. much

Our wide knowledge author restates his original belief The of Our stock Books is theof largestBooks willin theenableIntermountainus to selectWest.exactly what you are looking for.

"that every reasonable act sane of every is a practical assertionman the of existence WE ARE ALSO HEADQUARTERS FOR GIFTS AND GREETING CARDSof individual freedom."this in But work,

the author also states that there are various FOR EVERY OCCASION.

situations which must be recognized as salient reasons must be restrained. why this individual freedom Deseret Book Company

This S 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City. Utah when weis areparticularlytrying to goodthink readingsatisfactorilynow

through this guestion of freedom.—M. C. J. OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOOOOOOOOGOOOOOOOOOO

.

fcdihftiaL

other. But where tolerance still lives, even though

a man oppose in principle prevailing opinion, notwithstanding such opinion may be held by the maQonQatenxjL TloJtiaL jority, tolerance would still respect his right to hold contrary views, even as liberty would demand

General Sessions Not To Be Held it.

Long ago the Savior of mankind gave us the key

TUTaving in mind the limitations upon travel now to tolerance without compromise when He thanked

A imposed by reason of the national emergency, His Father in heaven for certain of His followers as also the necessity for economizing expendiwho had remained in the world but were not of tures by the people in order that they may be the world. (John 17:9-21 ) Sometimes our young

better prepared to meet the financial demands people in particular make the mistake of supposing which will be made upon them by reason of the that tolerance means that they must do the things emergency, and having also in mind the hazard, that other people do. They who suppose this have

even though remote, that is incident to large not learned the great truth, the vital and fundamilitarized highly in area the gatherings of Salt the mental truth, that a man may be tolerant without to determined it has been confine Lake Gity, himself, backor or his own traditions Jesus compromising the Church Conference 112th Annual of of life. of or habits or convictions ground or beliefs Saints, April Christ scheduled for of Latterday

4, 5, and 6 of this year, to a Priesthood meeting "Tolerance without compromise"is a phrase to be to be composed of the General Authorities of the remembered.

Church and the presidencies of the stakes only. And while we are on this subject, there is still

Announcement as to the times and places of another thing to be remembered: Sometimes in

meetings has been made directly to the presibuilding such a strong case for the great virtue of dencies of stakes. tolerance, we fail to remember that tolerance, like

all other great virtues, can be abused, at which point it ceases to be a virtue. The misuse of tolerance, or any other virtue, may cause it to defeat its

own purpose.

With this in mind, attention is invited to a kind of tolerance that is intolerable—the kind of tolerance that fosters indifference—the tolerance of a

man who doesn't care enough to know, or know enough to care, whether or not his convictions or his rights are being compromised—the tolerance

The First Presidency of a man who has a reputation for tolerance because he lacks that sense of responsibility which would lead him to find out whether he is really tolerant or merely asleep!

There is yet another kind of mistaken tolerance

Jolstiwun&L—aML QntokhobbL that has been grossly overdone, and that is, tolerance for sin, for evil, for vice in all its forms, because

these things affect the lives of all of us—we, and our

children, and our children's children, and we have Comeone has coined the phrase—"Tolerance withexceeded all reasonable bounds of tolerance when

tolerate things which pollute the very air in out compromise"—which deserves comment. we

To be tolerant of others, it is not necessary to parwhich we live.

take of their beliefs or of their manner of living. Things which negatively affect the good of every

In fact, one may be tolerant of a man and still man cannot be the special privilege of anyone, and vigorously oppose everything he represents, yet for them we can have no tolerance. We may have

grant him his right to represent it. tolerance for the sinner, especially if he is repentant.

Tolerance doesn't imply that a man must get on He needs our help—but not tolerance for sin. On

the band wagon, that he must think or act with the this subject the Lord has said: "He that repents

majority, or that he must compromise his sincere and does the commandments of the Lord shall be convictions. It simply means recognition of the forgiven.... [but] I, the Lord, cannot look upon

fact that society is complex, that no two people hold sin with the least degree of allowance."( Doctrine

the same views on all questions, that all of us have and Covenants 1:3132) It is one thing to forgive

our own right to think and believe as we choose, the repentant sinner, but it is quite another to tolerinsofar as we may do so without infringing upon ate sin and evil in and of themselves.

these same rights where others are concerned. We may have tolerance for all men without parIn many places, tolerance is dead. In such places taking of their vices, or their manner of living, but

he who opposes the prevailing mind and will, even we cannot have tolerance for evil, without comproin his thoughts, is in jeopardy of dire consequences. mising ourselves. To tolerate anything that conIt is natural that tolerance should have died in tributes to the downfall of men is not tolerance—it such places, because tolerance travels hand in hand is an unforgivable abuse of a great virtue—and inwith liberty, and neither one can long survive the tolerable tolerance! R. L. E.

truth; no quarter can be shown the opposing side.

The soldiers of the enemy, whether willing or not,Evidences and represent a sinful, destructive cause. They must be

defeated at any cost, even that of their lives. Sin

cannot be looked upon "with the least degree ofreconciliations allowance."The opposing army must be viewed

as a cause, not as a group of men.

The cause must be uppermost. The individual

xlvui. Should, cl Soldwt. must recede in importance, until the cause for betterment has triumphed. Soldiers of a righteous

cause, whether the warfare be great or small, must fix their attention upon that cause, and with determination fight for it. The fate of the enemy as

'"Phe divinely revealed preface to the Doctrine and individuals must be set aside in the battle for prinCovenants makes the statement that "I the ciple. If right wins, as it must and will, the enemy

Lord cannot look upon sin with the least degree of and all humanity will be blessed.

allowance."(1:31) (See also Alma 45: 16) In sacred history war has often been permitted,

The nature of sin justifies this unrelenting, final to establish the cause of righteousness, or to prevent judgment. Sin is untruth, and the misuse of truth. evil from triumphing among men. Even the Savior

It violates law, the essence of truth. It decries when the temple of God, "a house of prayer,"

freedom, and fosters tyranny. It deceives and lies. had been made into "a den of thieves,"overthrew

It destroys, but never builds up except for more the tables of the money changers and the merchants, destruction. It slinks away from light and lurks in and drove out all who were violating the holy purdarkness. It is in deliberate opposition to the Lord's poses of the temple. The cause of righteousness

plan for human progress. Sin is the mark of Satan. must be man's first and constant consideration.

The wide spectrum of sin, laid against a backNevertheless, though sin can be given no quarter, ground of selfishness, is everywhere evil. It exnor those who seek to impose sin upon others, yet

tends from wilful ignorance to the use of knowlthe soldier must recognize that the sinner, as an edge for unholy purposes; from dishonesty in speech individual, remains a child of God, subject to reto deliberate murder; from family and neighborpentance and the Lord's eternal mercy. Since he

hood contentions to warfare among nations. Every represents a sinful cause, it may be necessary to

part of it corrodes, annihilates, is deathdealing. use against him the only weapons he recognizes,

Every part of it, if uncovered, is hideous and found even though it means his destruction. The coin of

to beckon from slimy, poisonous depths. Caesar is his; we must render it to him to win the

Sin cannot be shown love or mercy, however Lord's cause. Yet we may hope and pray that on

meek and beguiling it may present itself. It cannot the endless, eternal journey, he may find his way

be condoned. Were that done the structure of to salvation.

truth would collapse. The battle of the Church Love is the first activating force of the gospel.

is against sin, of every kind; it must be conquered, For love of His children the Lord laid out the plan

or the plan of salvation will be defeated; it must of salvation. It was love for humanity that gave the

be fought to the bitter end. Tolerance of sin is Savior courage to meet His death upon the cross.

itself a sin. It is through love, one for the other, among the

All human affairs must be measured by the children of men, that the brotherhood of man, the rtandards of right. If evil is in man's acts, it beaim of the gospel, will arise upon earth. Through

comes a sin to support them. The statue totters love, right will triumph over evil. But, it should

and falls if clay is mixed with the iron of the feet. ever be borne in mind that love is defeated, unless

The strength of a democracy, more than any other righteousness is victorious.

form of government, lies in its adherence to the Therefore, the love of truth, the gospel, to bless principles of the plan of salvation. all mankind, must transcend the love of an indi-

A war can be called just, only when waged vidual or a group. Usually, the best way to love

against sin and for the victory of truth; when our enemies is to keep truth from being trodden into

it battles for the preservation of the principles the ground by those who are led by evil, designing which make up the plan of salvation, then warfare leaders. Make truth and right triumphant, and

is righteous. If it is waged to defeat the atlove will bear rule among men. There is no other

tempt to enslave men under tyrannical rule, it way.

becomes a war against sin. Such a war should be All need to learn that love, as all other virtues,

supported by all who love right above wrong; by all must be exercised with wisdom and in a commonwho adhere to the right of free agency, for which sense manner. Hysteria and emotional outbursts,

the heavenly battle was fought, long ago. often for criminals, are not expressions of love, but

If it be desired to test the righteousness of a war, of diseased conceptions of the right manner of lovcompare the issues with those of the divinely formuing our fellow men.

lated plan for human happiness. No other test is The banner of love will ever be held aloft by the

needed. The standards are all there. Church. The soldier can and should love his

In such a spirit, with such understanding, the enemy, but not in the sense that he forgets the soldiers who go out from this Church must go into greater love of the cause by which in the end the

A. W.battle. They are fighting sin; they are fighting for enemy and all others will be blessed.—/.

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

FOR DEFENSE thinking particularly of smoking and allied activities. Two boys went to

By Gladys B. Kennavd an army camp together. Both were

Latterday Saint boys with the same

The new L. D. At camp, one to chose say boy pin. membership S. madeRelief Societyin our has never been anything ideals. There plant. Mail order to General "Yes,"act battle and every for was a stirred could quite so make me up Office in Salt Board Lake. him because ideals. his opposing it was righteous in $1.10 indignation $1.80 as each. and to hear

friends His did not think of more him say, someone wicked a world "What repair diamond or make new We for their level, stooping to in fact, they folks living are the young in today."rings. rings or jewelry wedding Buy inclined ridicule to him. Because I if I were yet, to forced And wonder am the from manufacturer. cash Pay tried he to had be a "goodygoody"and overlooked something. ProphVisit lohaven't store, save our and money.

cated just off Main Street. Twentyecies concerning the last days say that had turned out to be no better than the

six skilled jewelry craftsmen. when Satan feels his time drawing near rest, they tried to see how much farther

an end he will greatly increase his efthey could get him to go. Since he had

O. C. TANNER JEWELRY CO. forts to lead away the spirits of men. broken his strength by abusing his ideals,

44 WEST 2ND SOUTH, SALT LAKE CITY. UTAH When it is all simmered down, it is a he could hardly be said to have his

fight between right and wrong. Our freedom to choose whether it would daily lives amount to the same thing, for be yes or no—his former choice made

every act has a counterpart that necesall others the same.

sitates a choice. In our meeting this The second boy chose to say "No."

battle, there are three things which, I His no was not half hearted; neither

feel, would help us if we could keep was it haughty. It was humble and sinthem in mind: cere—but definite. For a while they tempted him—really to try him that

1. To keep our freedom, we must they might know if he could stand by

exercise it. his ideals through everything. When

2. There is freedom in saying "No."they found that his ideals were more

3. The hard way is the easiest. powerful than they, they truly respected

him. Each time a cigarette was offered,

To illustrate the first statement, I he didn't have to make up his mind, will confine myself to our spiritual exfor they no longer forced them on periences. It is a custom in our Church, him. When drinks were passed, he

to allow the first Sunday in each month didn't have the constant worry of tryas a time for testimony bearing. I f, month ing to appease his ideals and at the

after month, we sat through that meeting same time, appear to be a "good felwith no one choosing to take advantage low."He was a good fellow without

of that privilege, the bishop would be indulging in their liquor, and they acobliged to substitute some other activity cepted him as such. He had said "No,"

for that time, and our chance, to choose and meant it, and now he was free to to do it or not, would be gone. The live above the temptations.

principle works the same with all acBut all these temptations aren't just tivities. Just stop and think about for boys. What is said of them is as

your opportunities for free expression true of girls or men and women. There

into friends of failed her to exercise concerned her everyone came one roomDANCE which could as easily be forfeited if was a girl at a nursing school. A group PROGRAMS or Design Shape Made night act. her to with choose prepared roommate and First Prices to Order—AnyClass Work—Low

for party.""nice the a people excuse so many smoke As Also TICKETS theWerighthearto and INVITATIONS WEDDING

themselves for choosing a wrong course thickened in the room, and the drinks saying that they by SaltPRESS North25HOVfYEast Lake Temple City. Utah dictate someone List for Price Write to them—theydidn't want towantedhave weremore poured,insistent theythat becameshe joinmorethemandin Samples and

to have the freedom to say yes. I'm their merrymaking.

MAKE ALL YOUR CLOTHES LOOK

Abso-lutely FAULTLESS 5{—104—25< AT YOUR GROCER'S

Homing FREE... 12 tested ways to beat

When she could no longer endure their taunts, she stood up. She was a

rather bashful girl, and one determinedto try and get along with folks. But rising food prices!

this was too much. She told them that

they were welcome to their way of life, but that she, too, had a right to her way WRITBFOR yoOR of thinking, and they couldn't force her to change her mind by their ridicule. Atfirst, in their embarrassment, they began FREE,

to at of laugh her, but more some them pwi.WWUfOVDBR!'"WMiJAiJXiW.JJffMlM!

still realize sober to enoughwere what it was all about, and they defended her.

on, then matter no whatFrom was Borden's Penny Banquets said the or rest of the gang,done by this girl was upheld in her ideals. It s-t-r-e-t-c-h your grocery budget!

even came to be that if she did little herself, didn'tthings she, think which... 12 moneysaving menus worked FREE particularly they wrong,were would feed out to economists your by famhome

fine for with,stop her "You're too ily reci- a thrifty for 30tf or less... serving 12 things."of the atsuch time Although

choice, it had seemed the harder thing pes made with Borden's Evaporated Milk.

to do, it was really the easier, for then Borden's is that smooth, rich, creamy evapshe had not only her own strength unorated milk enriched with Vitamin D. It's

broken, but also the support of the Westernmade and good as all outdoors.

wholeWe groupas Latterdayto sustainSaintsher. must realHow to get your free folder:

ize that the battles of today are not all Send your name and address plus the name fought on the battlefield, nor all the and address of your grocer to: Borden's, 50

training done in the training camps. North Main Street, Salt Lake City. Write now!

The battles are fought in the hearts of of usmen, champion is a and each for BORDEN'S EVAPORATED MILK fails, right.the cause If the it is our IRRADIATED WITH VITAMIN D else's.failure, trainnot someone The

Copyright. 1942—The Borden Company If living.ing daily in is done our own

we send our clean boys away to camps where they become polluted with the sins of the world, there is no strength then in that line of defense. But at the

same time, if those who stay at home also become polluted with the sins of theWeworld,are toldwherethatisthetherePriesthoodany defense?and

the proper exercising of its powers is our shield. Then we must never do anything that would defile that power. We

don't need to feel ashamed of our ideals.

They are the glory of our lives, and only through them can we gain anything worth while. Let us keep them so

bright and shining that we can thereby lead others to accept them, instead of letting others take them away from us and ruin them.

dicunxiif dtiniA, AVOCADOS CALAVO will Hints used Payment for Handy be The FIVEVITAMIN Fruit* publication. the event Inone dollar upon

that two with the same idea are submitted, Salads each day for economy and health! Serve Calavo,

the one postmarked earlier will receive the California's Finest Avocado, for low cost nutrition...

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, Salads made in a minute with this delightful fresh fruit,

but each will receive careful consideration. now at the peak of goodness. Your family will enjoy:

Calavo on the half shell with French dressing, or with

To insure a steady supply of fine dry just lemon juice and salt.

bread crumbs, save all pieces of bread and Calavo sliced in mixed salads of all kinds—with fruits,

crusts that are getting stale, in a large, vegetables, sea foods.

will bag. paper moisture heavy The *B,-G-A-C-E the evaporate through bag. When

treeripe is Calavo the A is dry, bread run grinder. through the meat yielding mellowsoft, handto eatpressure.when

S., V. City, Cedar Utah.—Mrs. M. at softens fruit toroom. gentle.. readytemperature in a Firm

days. to potatoes for feio If you want have baked "Calavocade of Recipes"for Send FREE

little dinner but very time to prepare have book. 28page beautiful Write Calavo Growthem, boil the potatoes in their jackets for ers, Los Angeles, California, Department Y-l

(Continued on page 228) Calavo Reg. U. S. Pat. Off., Calavo Growers of Calif. Copr.1942

FOR CALIFORNIA'S FINEST - BE SURE IT'S STAMPED CALAVO

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

Homing

in the time then place them and a short for baking. City, S. E. Lake In America's oven ( Continued from page 227 J., Salt

Utah.

After washing or cleaning winter galoshes, March to Victory... rubbers, mittens, caps, and sweaters, etc. r

—it is essential that everyone stay healthy and vigorous. Nothing is Ithewritenametheof namethe ownerof theon articlethe outsideand ofalsoa

more important than proper food—and ROYAL ENRICHED BREAD, storelarge withpapergroceries,bag thatandhas storecomearticlesfrom theinwith its added vitamins and iron, offers extra nourishment everyone side of bag and put them away in boxes

year. following the trunks until needed needs in these trying times. You'll like the finer flavor of this better or

it is article is needed, easy a certain When bread. to find the right sack, and the articles are

clean and ready for immediate use.—Mrs.

W. N. B., Salt Lake City, Utah.

|*PpVAT. = ]>Vrrrm.VFINE 1== | DIET AND SOME COMMON

B&eaDi AILMENTS Y\R. Harold L. Snow of the Long

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY... Fresh Beach Stake writes out of his medSalt Lake and Ogden Every Day ical experience as follows:

100% Homeowned—100% American at Your Grocer's For several years we have been studying

the available signs of nutritional deficiency in conjunction with the treatment of patients

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS with various infections, and other diseases 7 exquisite flavors for a vaof the eye, ear, nose, and throat. The dark

riety of colorful, appetizing estitime determined adaptation was salads. desserts and

deficiency. have of vitamin mation inWethe A ROYAL PUDDINGS this in deficient patients are found that Chocolate, Vanilla and directly well, almost others as vitamin, and Butterscotch, also Vanilla

Tapioca and Orange nut Tapioca. Smooth,Cocoproportionalfoods consumed.to the percentageThe patientsof thethatrefinedwe creamy and wholesome.

found to be deficient in vitamin A as well as other vitamins are the ones in most instances who come to us with some of the

SfWHSKOtCH I PUDDING worst pathological conditions of the eye, ear, nose, throat and mouth; also eye in'

fections and numerous other ailments of the

I VANIltA head and neck.

ROYAL SALAD GELATIN It has long been recognized that appendiWith a delicious meatlike citis, gall bladder disease, and other inflavor, not sweet. for Grand in patients frequently fections occur most

fish, moulded meats, salads tonsilitis, suffer abscessed with also who for and jellied soups.

infection. sinus teeth, and FLEISCHMANN'S

States is the country having United YEAST The

The household fathe highest appendicitis mortality rate, and vorite of four generations. rich Utah is the center of America's highest Extra

in vitamins A, B, appendicitis district.

D and G. BAKING ROYAL POWDER favorable our earned may have We

special for The baking powder statistics resulting observation from health cakes. nationally The only

in but of of Wisdom,"of my opinuted Tartar the "Word bakingdistribCream powder. white flour use of sugar and our heavy

for this serious responsible STANDARD BRANDS ionis largely of California ation regarding infections and other signssituof nutritional deficiency.

Dr. Snow suggests in the interest o

good health that the storehouses under -DELICIOUSthereceiveWelfarehelp fromprogramtheseguidehousesthoseto conwho sume less chocolate, cocoa, vinegar,

Learn Beauty marmalade, polished rice, macaroni and

Culture the Sue PIMENTO spaghetti as well as other foods that cessful Way AGED CHEDDAR are not in keeping with the modern training Quish has been provDUTCH LUNCH placeknowledgecouldof begoodrecommendednutrition. In moretheir 18 en years by

of operation ground wheat, dried beans and peas, and thousands of successful unpolished rice, dried fruits, hubbard graduates. It squash, carrots, potatoes, and other

pays to get the cellarstored vegetables along with the best.

Mail coupon for free catalogue otherdistributedmore wholesomeby the storehouses.foods now being

Culture Quish Beauty School as coming recommendations, These 338 So. Salt Lake Main St.of medical experienced from they do Name City Retailer's ICE BOX Address could well be heeded by knowledge,

State City people. our

Household

boiling cup cold water cupHoming %% water Health ripe 3 bananas 1 cup diced canned pineapple 1 cup diced canned pears 1 dozen maraschino cherries, thinly sliced Precautions salad dressing 1 cupifioRsliorneir 1 cup whipping cream for Qj By Barbara Badger Burnett Add the boiling water to the lemon gelatin. Stir until dissolved, then add the cold Corned Beef Mold water. Chill until it begins to thicken. Wartime

Add the whipped cream to the salad dress- 2 cups cooked corned beef, chopped ing and fold into the gelatin. Mash the Home Sanitation was never so

1 prepared tablespoon to to a pulp the mixture. and mustard bananas add vital as now. Give your family

1 crumbs cup soft bread fruit rest of the Fold in the Garnmold. and

2 eggs, slightly beaten ish with whipped cream. these basic protections pro-

1 tablespoon chopped onion vided by Purex... an excellent

1 tablespoon green Orange Bread Marmalade pepper chopped disinfectant as well as bleach.

butter tablespoons melted flour sifted diluted milk evaporated cup%2 with Y 24 cupsteaspoons baking (cream of powder cup water tartar base) all thoroughly. Place Blend salt teaspoon in well Y ringgreased mold. a moderately Bake in 2 eggs

hot (three deseventy-five oven hundred 3 tablespoons butter melted drinking food water pure Keep and thirty grees) or until minutes brown. Turn orange cup marmalade Yi fredisinfecting by containers Fill of panfriedout mold. center with juice orange cup Yi quently Purex. withpotatoes. parsley. Garnish with Sift the ingredients dry together. Add

Ruskets Nut Chops thethe eggs,marmalade.juice andPourmeltedintobutter.greasedFoldpanin

2 tablespoons peanut butter and bake fortyfive minutes at three huntablespoons 6 evaporated milk dred fifty degrees. 2

i egg Use PurexJas used in better restauFresh slices 6 bread Strawberry Ice Cream 12 tablespoons crumbled ruskets (For ice cream freezer) rants, to disinfect and deodorize work surfaces.

Trim the bread and spread with peanut 1 quart ripe strawberries, crushed, sugar butter. Cut into fancy shapes. Beat egg to taste

well and add the milk. Dip bread into 1 can sweetened condensed milk

mixture and then into crumbled ruskets. 1 cup cold water

Place on greased pan and bake until brown 1 cup thin cream in a quick oven. the taste. berries crushed Sweeten to—just refrigerator Mix Don't the clean milk, water, the condensed the cream. and Fruit it I disinfect stains removes Purex ice salt with Salad Desert Molds inFreeze in quart and a two

1 package lemon gelatin freezer. and odors too.

THE HOME VEGETABLE GARDEN ( Continued from page 203 and if the beds are properly cared for these crops are not difficult to grow the plants will last for years. The Floorslinoleumcollectoftengerms.with aWashstrongtilePurexand

and would greatly enhance the value plants may be obtained from most solution.

of the garden, and the variety in the nursery companies. When buying

diet. asparagus plants it is important to

Most careful consideration should insist upon one year crowns as they be given to the selection of the best will give better results than two year is It old crowns. well to the put variety crop. of each varieties New like centers Cleanse germ tub and perennials the along the of garedge are continually being offered to the shower with each Purex time you will in they den not where the be public until but these tried have been clean. (They'll sparkle.)

one should hesitate to plant them. way of plowing.

Nor should seeds be bought because of the picture on the package. Long Garden Arrangement

before planting an approved list of Tn planning the garden it is well to varieties of the 2 different crops should arrange the vegetables so that Launder cottons and linens with be obtained. those having similar requirements Purex not only to whiten them safely

Whenever possible perennial of culture and growing time will be and beautifully but to reduce the crops should grown. be bacteria count to a point of safety. A garden together. that is put In vegetables way important are clothes Very not complete when without a small of bed it requiring can more water have grocer's. not boiled your... At asparagus rhubarb. crops and These to the other doing without harm

can be harvested early in the spring, crops. Short season crops should Don't Waste It! Use Purex ecoin both are valuable and the nomically, to directions. according diet. also eliminating thereby be grouped,

difficult It is not to start plants these the possibility of the long damaging for special instrucNOTE: See label

desiring a planting giving information 2Those guide the varieties, the on to plant growing crops when the quicker tions for Disinfecting. required amount of seed

a hundredfoot row, time of planting in field, hardigrowing ones are harvested. It also

of crop, ness planting distance, depth to harvest variety the days each mayof obtainplantingit andby enables the grower better to prepare writing to the Vegetable Crops Department, Utah his ground for another planting after

Agricultural Expel iment Station, Logan. The experi-

a crop stations of has short states will season been other ment no doubt be prepared DISINFECTANT to like cooperation. remREM of the often low some Very of varieties in moved. published recommended was Aextendlist CLEANSER

1, v. 2, no. 1941. Science, and March Farm Home are crops the shaded growing by CONTROLLED. still this available of are will sent Copies be on and THE

request. ( Concluded on page 230 ACT/ON BLEACH

THE HOME VEGETABLE GARDEN

( Concluded from page 229 done early. Usually the use of

SPECIAL OFFER taller ones. This can easily be onehalftreble superphosphateto threefourthsat ofthea ratepoundof

(Offer: expires May 31, 1942) avoided by planting the taller crops for each one hundred square feet,

together. in addition to the manure, will be

BEAUTIFUL STAINLESS STEEL Many growers have complained found beneficial.

because they are unable to get a good Special attention should be given parsnips, carrots, stand of and to cultivation weeding. and A hard parsley. crops These are rather slow surface crust should not be allowed

in germinating and the ground usualto form, and the tillage should be ly dries out before they come up. often enough to control all of the

A good stand of any of these crops weeds. While fall plowing of heavy

Here's "Al"Bargain! keeping procured an be can by the top soil is preferred, spring plowing is

in the mail Just becoupon until soil moist of the germination satisfactory early. if done in low with coin (not 25c place. takes stamps) and one Globe

You'll Flour boxtop. "Al"Cake get Usually it is not desirable to atSuccession Planting

this regular $1.00 value, 2-piece tempt the production of celery in

knife set: (1) a genuine stainless home gardens. However, this crop Cuccession planting should be

steel, Slictempered and duoedge practiced possible. whenever well in if planted can be grown rows

ing and Knife, Paring and (2) endive, crops as beets, lettuce, Such inches plants apart a twenty and the specially designed Sandwich Trimmer and Spreader. Dozens of uses eight inches apart in the row. It is peas, radishes, and spinach can be

for both of them. Act now! better to'plant three short rows than harvested in time to allow for a

one long one. In order to get a good planting of beans, beets, Chinese

crop the plants should be transcabbage, endive, lettuce, radishes, planted into the ground by the first and spinach, as well as other vegeof June or earlier. Celery requires tables for fall consumption. The

frequent irrigation, and two light aptime of harvest of the spring planted plications of a nitrogenous fertilizer crops will determine the crops which during the growing season are benewill follow.

ficial. If one desires blanched celery, To summarize briefly the suggeshe should put paper around the tions on home gardens: A good

plants about two< weeks before cutgardener should first prepare a plan ting. of his garden for the year. In doing

this he should consider crops to

Soil Fertility Essential plant, varieties of each crop, and the amount of space allotted to each f-TiGH fertility and frequent tillage crop. A fertile seedbed should be

are essential to a good garden. prepared and vegetables planted at

Plots should receive liberal applicathe proper time. Then, after planttions of manure. Well rotted maing, the crop should be given good

is it care preferred that but fresh to be so will produce vegeAND ONE nure is tables of quality. high used if plowing manure be may

GLOBE On the Book Rack NARCISSAPIONEER OFWHITMAN,OREGON (Concluded from page 223) (Jeanette Eaton. Harcourt, Brace

CONCERNING LATIN AMERICAN and Co. 318 pages. $2.50)

missionary and Whitman,"""VJarcissa CAKE FLOUR CULTURE *-l pioneer, her husband Marcus, and (Papers read at Byrdcliffe, Woodstock,

Territory, the Oregon are tohere woven BOXTOP WITH Griffin. C. Edited Charles York. by New

gether into the of best fictionized one biogPress, University York. Columbia New COUPON BELOW

in raphies to out recent years. come Jeanette 1941. pages.) 234 ACTUAL

the Eaton letters working from writand KNIFE series of lectures undertaken was ings of Mrs. the has vitality put Whitman, Thisioy2 "LONG the express that desire should with this we of energy and amazing into woman

increase understanding between the two this story. The black and white pencil

western continents and their peoples. The drawings put the finishing touches on this

contents include addresses by leading figures excellent work.

in the field, such as James T. Shotwell, Ben One of the first two white women ever to

M. Cherrington, Richard F. Pattee, Fergo into the Northwest, Narcissa Whitman

nando de Los Rios, Gilbert Greyre, Charles was possessed with the unbeatable courage

C. Griffin, Nathaniel Weyl, William Berand fortitude of the early American woman.

rien, Robert C. Smith, Concha Romero The good that she did as missionary and

James, Amanda Labarca Hubertson, and pioneer is attested by the fact that today deal with subjects as Brazilian art, Spanin Oregon there is a fine institution of learnMail in Coupon—or Get Order Form at Your Grocer's relationsish Americanof the UnitedliteratureStatesand inart,the westerncultural ingCollege."named afterEven thein Whitmansdeath they "Whitmansserved the

GLOBE MILLS, Dept. B-l, Los Angeles, Calif. world, culture of the native Indians in Northwest, for it was because of the bloody

Please send me a 2-piece Knife Set. I enclose 25c in Hispanic America, Latin American music, massacre, in which they were both killed,

coin (no stamps) and one Globe "Al"Cake Flour boxtop. and other kindred subjects. that President Polk introduced a bill in

Nam e.. Since where understanding exists friction congress, setting up a territorial governlessens, this book deserves wide study bement in Oregon. Reading here is like

Addre.ss cause it develops a sympathetic understandhaving a ringside seat at the taming of

City Stateing of South America. M. C. J. the great Oregon Territory.- D. M. B.

Good only until May 31, 1942 GoingGoing!

(Continued from page 213) nose. The plains animal depends

on sight, as a general rule. And to

appeal to that highly developed To Users sense of sight the antelope has the best developed natural heliograph signal of any animal in the world—

tail! it is elevated the how When of Gas it flash desert sunin bright does

light! An alarmed antelope, walking about stiffIeggedly, with hisAppliances heliograph at fullmast, is the height

of cockiness. You can getthis

He knows he can get away, that's

When you purchased your gas why he's cocky. range, furnace, refrigerator or In Utah he's got away too much. GAY APRON

entirely. almost the country He's left bought an waterheater, you lor onfy little as has Colorado shown Only

to last a long appliance built in the interest success as little and time... to give satisfactory conservation of the antelope as a 30 ALBERS COUPONS

service indefinitely. game animal. Chinese pheasants,

Hungarian partridges, Chukar ( East

That fact is probably more imIndian) quail, yes. But American YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE with this fancy bib

portant now than you realized antelope, no! apron! It's a gay, colorfast floral print made

when you made your purWhy is it civilization cannot comoflong-wearingwith matching biaseightytape.square percale, bound

chase. promise even in deserts distant from You'll adore its pert styling, sassy organdy

the centers of civilization? Can it flounce, decorative little pocket. You'll apManufacturers of gas applibe that on the wide plains and spapreciate its wide collar and selfties, and

all, you ances are now devoting their cious deserts of Utah the antelope how beautifully it launders. Best of

is being denied bare survival becan get one for only 30 Albers Couponsl production efforts to the major is it space? of a lack cause of Or

fill HERE'S ALL Clip the out DO: and YOU Necessarily materials. of war to refuse simply combecause we attach below, coupon 30 Coupons Premium for home the of equipment sale adjustfind out if or promise, won't (at cereals least Albers from which must 3 of

use will be restricted if not ments can be made, and, having lost be from packages of Albers Corn Flakes) eliminated for the duration of all sense of romance, we prefer our and mail today. Your apron will be sent

wild animals in a zoo cage, rather postage prepaid. Offer expires July 31, 1942.

the war. than in the shortgrass, bitter sage,

and high wind? NO CASH NECESSARY, but if you prefer,

for be each coumay money therefore, that substituted—1 believe, We that the reason Utah Whatever lack. Albers Corn you pon A minimum of 3 of gas appliances owners to beare permitted slowly can antelope required. coupons Flakes

feel fortunate in having selectcome extinct, the following are facts: You'll like

ed equipment which, with orIn 1924 Utah had one herd in the Albers Corn Flakes dinary prudent care, will proeast desert, in Wayne and Emery GoldenbrownCorn Flakes areAlbersdays they're because fresher in counties, herds two Washingservice at satisfactory vide here in the right in Iron, in county, one one crisper stay madeWest—little or ton inconvenience or no they're because longer in in Millard, three Beaver, one extra triplesealed for for upkeep. expense protection. "Pepup"back one and wandering and Juab,

been has Bi Vitamin forth between Juab and Tooele added, too!

Our responsibility is to concounties. None of the herds was

tinue to render all possible large—but they were there. EXTRAVALUE PREMIUM COUPONS

service to maintain the perNow Utah has only three disIN THESE ALBERS CEREAL PRODUCTS:

formance of gas appliances at tinct herds in the west desert, and ALBERS CORN FLAKES ALBERS CARNATION WHEAT

ALBERS OATS ALBERS PEARLS OF ROLLED WHEAT are the east. All other herds one in highest efficiency.

ALBERS ALBERS BUCKFLAPJACK FLOUR PEACOCK extinct. is a small There band now CEREALS ALBERS FLOUR ALL OTHER WHEAT

in Daggett county, adjacent to the

Flaming Gorge, but apparently Utah 102 owes that one to Wyoming's efforts. Albers Premium Store

And since the herd there is isolated 53415th St., Oakland, Calif.

by the Uinta Mountains, there is no Here are 30 Premium Coupons (including 3 chance of its spreading southward, Corn Flakes coupons) or lc for each coupon

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY further into Utah. lacking,scribed above.for which please send one apron deit is If impossible to increase Salt Provo Lake—Ogden—

if Name over antelope generally, the state Serving Twentythree Communities Utah

Address. is it detrimental too interests to other

to even consider the possibility, then City State (Concluded on page 250) ifllelchizedelfPriesthood

FIELDING SMITH,CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL. CHARLES A. CALLIS, SYLVESTER Q. CANNON, AND HAROLD B. LEE

Church to eliminate unnecessary travel rethe conservation, of the interest L. D. S. ELDERS SOFTBALL ASSOCIATION in

held conventions will be of the mainder

Eligibility and Season Rules for 1942 in connection with quarterly conferences. However, when this shall be

1. Any man who is a member of a Melchizedek Priesthood quorum, or who the case, previous notice of it will be

will requirements the following meets is Priesthood member, Aaronic Adult who an third presidency. stake The sent to the

Aaronic season. the Adult softball in 1942 eligible during participation for be will replace the convention of meeting will (It is they only. hoped will to play year one Priesthood be allowed members of the meeting Priesthood the general elders.) being ordained of then be worthy

2. Each player must attend at least two quorum meetings per month, or conference.

provide a reasonable excuse. The meetings of the convention are

3. Each player must live within the boundaries of the ward for which he plays, held in a more or less informal way.

and have his recommend filed with the clerk of that ward. The program consists of report, ques-

4. It is advisable that each player present a doctor's certificate of physical tions, discussions, instructions, etc., the

fitness before stake game. playing in any officers to to help the being

5. liquor uses player or tobacco will not be allowed to participate purpose who Any

their duties and understand how they games. in league

6. Only amateur softball players will be allowed to play. The battery of may be performed. The stake author-

a ward team must not be made up of a pitcher for any other team in any other ities report that the conventions so far league. However, a pitcher for a team in another league may be allowed to play held have been very helpful.

in another position for the ward team.

7. The Rules of the National Softball Association will govern the games in

the Elders Softball Association. It is important that all who are in any way conDelayed Reports

nected with softball read the rules carefully and fully at the beginning of the season and not ask for exceptions to these rules during the playing season. TI'any chairmen of stake Melchizedek

1942. officially 15, softball commences season May 8. The are still uncommittees Priesthood

its schedule of games, but the conduct shall and own up stake draw 9. Each reports quorum to send quarterly able 1942. 15, before or August on be played must last game

10. No team shall be coached by a person who is paid for coaching that team. promptly to headquarters because they

11. Stake supervisors are responsible for appointment of officials for games do not receive them from the quorums.

within their own stakes. Reasons for the delay are doubtless

12. All disputes and protests on eligibility are to be referred to the stake softmany. Can negligence be one of them?

decision committee, Priesthood the Melchizedek whose stake representative and ball they reasons the whatever But may final. shall be has removed. as a rule be man "What at stakes. prepared within not conducted will be We are Competition 13. do."done, man may A considerable final contest, in as that held such a or contests regional whether to say time this

in sending of stakes are number now anwill taken under advisement be and not. This or this year held will be 1941,

swered later. their reports promptly. They are due

14. Inquiries regarding this activity should be made through the stake Melat headquarters by the tenth of the

chizedek Priesthood committee, or the stake representative for the Elders Softball month following the quarter.

Association, to the Elders Softball Association, 47 E. South Temple Street, Salt It is highly desirable that they reach

Lake City, Utah. the Church Office Building on or before

the date due, for they are needed by the visitor who attends the stake conRestricted Meetings quality of quorum leadership. "As with ference. If he must go without them, he

the priest so with the people."A wise, is handicapped in his service at the con-

'T'he public now know that restrictions energetic, and enthusiastic quorum ference, because of a lack of knowl- * have been placed by the First Prespresidency may do wonders for their edge of quorum conditions. Thus he is

idency on the holding of certain general quorum, so experience demonstrates. not able to help as otherwise he could.

and stake meetings. These restrictions No, restrictions on meetings as per the The quorums suffer, the visitor is

are due to the existing emergency, ocplan, will not handicap quorum meethandicapped, and wrong impressions casioned by war conditions. Interested ings and activities. may result. No good comes out of depersons have observed, however, that lays.

the restrictions do not affect regular Handbooks Available We again appeal to all officers conward meetings and activities, nor Priestto do their full duty in the mathood quorums or group meetings. These emember a brief but very helpful ter of quarterly reports,may go on as heretofore. It is hoped Rcernedhandbook for quorum officers and

that they may be made more effective committees is now available and will than previously. be sent free on application to the MelHow Many Will Equal

To this end the program of these chizedek Priesthood Committee, 47 E. This Record

meetings should be more carefully South Temple St. (For a fuller stateplanned and more thoroughly executed. ment see March Era, p. 170.) /\n page 170, March number of the

Emphasis should be placed upon worthEra, it is said the fiftysecond quowhile activities. Frequent assignments Stake Priesthood rum of seventy in the Malad stake

to committees and individuals should Conventions achieved a record of ninetynine percent be made and reports on the assignments in the four respects named.

should be required. A stake Priesthood convention has But we have since found perfection

Weekly meetings of quorum officers * been held during recent weeks in in the Two hundred fiftieth quorum of should be the rule. The officers must many of the stakes. seventy in the South Ogden stake (48

be active if the quorum is kept alive and As soon as feasible such a convention members ). In the fourth quarter for

does the work expected of it. Generally will be held in each stake. But in con1941, this quorum reported one hundred

progress will be proportional to the formity with the current policy of the percent of its members are total ab232

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

stainers from the use of liquor and towith vigor since it got under way bacco. (One member drank coffee.) eighteen months ago. The county comNO LIQUORTOBACCO

in other respects. high also areThey mittee of a representative is composed

percent of attendance at weekAverage stakes in COLUMN of the seventeen from each ly meetings was fiftysix, and fiftySalt Lake County. The committee

three at monthly quorum meetings. meets twice monthly under the capLiquor in the War

tithing in 1941 percent paidNinetyfour of Mozley. able chairmanship Frank that published just been has active ninetysix percentand were WORD centainly has committee "been in This is liquor hard of manufacture thethe Church.

It is affiliated places."with going each curtailed, something severely to be

tell. leadership does Yes, it is also committee; stake campaign able plants the percent, and like forty

assisted by a law observance committo produce high proof liquors will proStake Campaign. Committees tee in each ward. The law enforcement duce alcohol for use in munitions. This

officials of Salt Lake City and county is in the United States.

T} eports indicate the stake committees also cooperate in all these persistent The Ministry of Food in England to conduct the no liquortobacco efforts to see that the laws relative has announced a further cut of ten percampaign are variously organized. In to liquor and tobacco are enforced. cent in the production of malt whiskey

1942. for in joint stakes of request a toanswer in counties have other Stakes Utah is last illuminating. statement This authorizedSalt County, were Lake we similar all to a loss asked law of ships set up the effort, been with obThat tell that they three yearsto ago them

is space, valued cargo their England respecin and organization servance their at liberty organize to camwere paigns in any way they desired, but tive counties. (Concluded on page 234)

they would be held to results. All the

instakes the Church were circularized ANNUAL REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONS effect. thisto

But we have repeatedly said in this Made by The First Council of the Seventy to The Council of the Twelve Apostles column the First Presidency directed For the year 1941 that the campaign for total abstinence shall be a Priesthood project and that Missionary Activities every quorum in the Church, Melchi1941 1940.....145,641 1. 128,212 missionary doing times out of work Number charged Aaronic, should be andzedek

..335,339 279,976 in missionary 2. work Hours spent responsibility keep- (a) the of"with 84,154 for 90,685 the first time entered of homes Number

free theiring from members own revisits 81,018 92,505 the 3.4. of -——- Number

vice of using alcohol and tobacco and 5. Number of invitations to return 138,527 104,213

( b ) assisting all others to do likewise 6. Number of gospel conversations 233,295 214,186

"Auxiliary organizations should give 7. Number of standard Church works distributed Loaned Sold

the Priesthood quorums such help in Copies of the Bible 177 326 the campaign as may be consistently reCopies of the Book of Mormon....2,237 3,071

quested of them by Priesthood quorCopies of the Doctrine and Covenants 283 1,004 ums."Copies of the Pearl of Great Price.—233 727

Thus the campaign was to be (No designation.... 153) TOTAL.....2,930 5,128 8,211 5,914

Churchwide and to reach youth as well 8. Number of other books distributed 9,210 7,706

as adults. Requests to the officers of the 9. Number of tracts and pamphlets distributed 201,447 225,774

general boards of the Church auxiliary 10. Number of hall meetings held by missionaries 4,333 3,806

organizations for the participation of 11. Number of cottage meetings held by missionaries..-. 9,996 9,426

their organizations in the campaign met 12. Number of missionaries who attended cottage and hall meetings 32,112 30,877

of investigators at present cottage hall meetings 34,595 43,773 and All of response.with a hearty

result of of missionary baptisms as a work: them 13.14. NumberNumber suited best programsprovided deemed fifteen 1,031 people over years of age (1) Of

to their organizations. (2) Of people under fifteen years of age:

But Priesthood quorums were slow a. Both of whose parents are members 791

fifteen b. Others under years 652 of age addicts.to initiate the campaign among

Classification designated 45 active are most of them however,Now, - 2,519 2,203 TOTALnot feasiblein matter, using the the most inactive of of brought into activity members 15. Number the Church

and fruitful method available—that of through stake missionary service during the year 5,089 4,621

personal contact. At last, stake and Number of stakes in the Church (As of Dec. 31st) 139 134

quorum officers and stake committees Number of stake missions organized (As of Dec. 31st).... 136 131

have come to the conclusion that duty Missionaries requires them to respond to the request Dec, '41 Dec '40 of the First Presidency and actively Number of stakes reporting 113 118 take the campaign to addict PriestNumber of districts 358 384 hood members. This awakened moveEldersSeventies 1,125275 1,281374

ment among the Priesthood will have High Priests 287 272 farreaching results. Women 606 504

Now we can say with assurance TOTAL 2,399* 2,469f that the campaign is on the way. At

the head of each stake committee is a Number of missionaries making the minimum requirement... 734 619

responsible Priesthood officer aniNumber of missionaries making less than minimum requirement 1,247,118. inactive missionaries Number of 564 398

classified. not mated with a strong desire to give vigNumber 20orous leadership to the campaign, es168

pecially as it affects the quorums. TOTAL (Agrees with total above) 2,399 2,469

The campaign for law observance in *Total includes 106 missionaries whose classification was not designated.

Salt Lake County has been prosecuted tTotal includes 38 missionaries whose classification was not designated.

.:

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

Melchizedek Priesthood MelchjV.edek Priesthood Outline of Study, May, 1942

Text: Teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Liquor in the War

(Continued from page 233) LESSON 14 b. To come after Elias, holding the

still whiskey, will be a revelamaking keys of power (340) Mission of Elias tion to all. restore the authority and de- c. To

The distillery business is making Read Teachings of the Prophet Joseph liver the keys of the Priesthood superhuman efforts to place themselves Smith, pp. 335341, 159, 172, 323, 330; Luke d. Holds keys of authority to adin the good graces of the farmer as 1:11, 17, 19; Mai. 4:5-6; Doc. & Cov. 2; minister in all the ordinances of

being a great user of farm products, so 27:6, 7, 9; 35:4; 110:1216; 77:14; 128:17the Priesthood

the farmer should "put on the heat"to 18; 135:55. e. Without that authority ordinances

keep the liquor dealers in business. ELIAS could not be administered in righteousness (172) Grange was solicited by The the prepare to forerunner way 1. A his in f. Elijah Christ resurwith Distillingthe Schenley Corporation, (335337, 340) rection (Doc. 133:55) & Cov.

a. greater material, highpriced a For to work (335)through much

2. Sealing the of Priesthood power first to begin b. the work, Elias comes their business.consider charts The

(339) last Messiah Elijah second, material that of outand shows two a. shall the of to rescue of Elias the holds come keys God c. Whoever half billions dollars'a ofand worth

this generation Elijah sending by preparatory a hath work sold, theof liquor got farmer hunone the prophet (323) of the held keys have men is 2. Different It millions dollars. forty ofdred

b. 4:5-6; of (Mai. Malachi the Elias of power Word (159)

little think to of theamazing a what a. father of visited Zacharias, Elias 330)

farmer did get out of that big "take."John the Baptist (Doc. 6 Cov. c. Words as quoted by Moroni

What great good to humanity there 27:7; cf. Luke 1:11, 19) (Doc. & Cov. 2)

filled the b. Baptist with the John if the have beenwould farm produce "turn"should be rendered Word

spirit of Elias (Doc. power and & d. into liquorgoing into been put had or "seal""bind"

27:7; 1:17): Cov. Lukelivestock. nutrition and Food would to e. Elijah revealed the covenants limited to preaching and His work the result instead been of death,have the seal the the hearts to of fathers baptizing (336)

degradation, crime. debauchery, children, the the children and to and c. spirit the Philip of Elias under

That there has been a real campaign (336) fathers (323; Doc. & Cov. 27:9;

to sell the liquor business to the far- d. Apostles held greater power than 128:1718)

mer was demonstated again at the John the Baptist (336) f. The object of Elijah's important

meeting of the state chemurgic council, e. Sidney Rigdon given a mission mission (330)

to John:held in Boise in January. similar To prepare the way for the Lord g. MountSaints Zionto become saviors on

The principal speaker at the dinner and before Elijah should come ( 1 ) By receiving all the ordimeeting was a fine little Russian gentle- (Doc. & Cov. 35:4) nances and sealing powers in

man, who spoke in a very broken, f. Spirit of Elias revealed to the behalf of all their progenitors

foreign way. He spoke on new crops Prophet who are dead (330)

to be grown by the farmer, and new 3. Keys and power of Elias (2) An urgent work (330)

a. Elias like Priestof Priesthood theuses for crops already grow. we Discuss hood ordained that Aaron unwas line scientist This speaker and was a to 1. What authority was restored by Eli- (335)chemical research for leader Seagrams, b. jah? different in of Difference power

theone of largest distilling corporaparts of the Priesthood intions the country. having one c. No the spirit and personage?2. Is ElijahProvea translatedyour statementor a resurrectedfrom

The connection seemed to be that power of Elias will transcend his scripture.

bounds (336)the distilling business was doing a won- d. Necessaryderful job for the farmer. to know who holds the coming3. Nameof Elijah.some worldwide effects of the keys of power

But war has a wonderful way of e. Keys held by Elias

things, too.doing to pass the restoraLESSON 16 ( 1 ) Bringing

all tion things of spoken Messiah Mission by of the for in sugar need munitions has The the prophets (Doc. Cov. 6 input a crimp PepsiCola, CocaCola, 27:6) (340341) MESSIAHpop, things such and as beer other and the of dispensation of Keys (2) of the coming Lord 1. Thealcoholic beverages. Increased beer of the gospel (Doc. Abraham

a. last to temple, Messiah comes Histaxes curtailed in already have big a 110:12) Cov. &

all of (340) all restore things sale the item. of (Doc. (3) that To &way b. spirit the Messiah above and Cov. 77:14) should But create farm why of Elijah we power the seal living of Given the (4)

c. to time ofproducts Precise manufacture His never coming beer and the tribes over of twelve God

revealed all at (341) millionswhiskey are starvwhen Israel:

d. is the Whenever withdrawn bowing for food? not the should beer together gather Why and come To

it shall that the be a token coming liquor businessand closed the be wholly tribes Israel twelve of is of far distant not (340Messiah their toup and useful put employees: Discuss 341) thework, products to going used all of climax grand previous e. The 1 different persons held have keys Whathealthful purposes? preparation of the of Elias? power

The world would be better if the 2. What is the distinguishing characterDiscuss:United States too, imand England istic of the mission of Elias? it factors variable immake 1. What allmediately of stopped manufacture practical to exact His hour of know the

liquors. efHealth improve; would 15 LESSON coming?

ficiency improve; and of work would 2. In of Elias, missions what ways do the Mission of Elijah

family life the of be relieved would Elijah the with Messiah conform each and curse of liquor. ELIJAH other?

things will are that There some didn't the Himself reMessiah 3. Why Elijah sent Why

fixedhave to to be pertaining authority up before win any 1. and the keys we a. Last prophet of Old Testament store

wars, and one of them is the liquor that held the keys of the Priestthe last dispensation?

business. The Idaho Granger. hood (172) {Concluded on page 237)

HaronicTriesthood J=C CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD cessities,those whosefor foodcallingandwasraiment,to administeretc., of cerning"I proceedthe consecrationto answer yourof property:questions First,,conit great right is to to condescend not very things. in spiritual in articles written a secies Twenty-*fifth of fact inventories. particulars in taking The counselors Partridge's Bishop were F. the late Elder Whitney Orsonby of the is the this, the is of a law by bound man

Isaac Corrill. These Morley and John originally Published Twelve.Council of the the before bishop, to to consecrate Church

in "The Contributor."were afterwards ordained as second he can be considered a legal heir to the

and third bishops in Zion, and Parley kindom of Zion; and this, too, without

"pROM this it appears that Bishop Par- P. Pratt and Titus Billings were chosen constraint; and unless he does this, he cantridge, though not at that time holdto fill their places as counselors to not be acknowledged before the Lord, on

therefore, to condescend book; the Church title, virtually posiin the Partridge. Bishop theing Bishop Morley was was

tell to I will that particulars, every man you Christian of directed the Church. to choose of Presiding Bishoption Whitmer

should judge he be his must much own how all counselors, as his Knight to Zion upon came and Newel whoHe received suffer receive, and he should much howrecommendation from the bishop in and Bishop Corrill was to have as remain in the hands of the bishop. I speakto

Kirtland; was the general receiver and counselors, Daniel Stanton and Hezeof those who consecrate more than they

custodian of all property consecrated kiah Peck. These directions were given need for the support of themselves and

to the Church, and divided to the Saints June 25, 1833, in a letter from the First their families.

their inheritances, acting in the capacity Presidency in Kirtland. An excerpt is "The matter of consecration must be done

of a judge in Israel, the same as in days here given from a letter written by by the mutual consent of both parties; for

of old. These bishops presided over the President Smith to Bishop Partridge on to give the bishop power to say how much

temporal affairs of the Church, and the same day, throwing additional light every man shall have, and he be obliged to were required to administer to the neupon the theory of the United Order. (Continued on page 236)

EAST JORDAN STAKE, ALLCHURCH LEADERS IN RATE OF INCREASE IN STANDARD QUORUM AWARDS

The East Jordan Stake has earned the distinction of leading the entire Church in the rate of increase in Aaronic Priesthood Standard Quorum Awards, with twentyfive earned for 1941, compared with one for 1940. Three hundred sixty boys and leaders are shown celebrating their accomplishment.

The awards were presented by Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards, who also addressed the group, commending all stake and ward workers and the boys, upon their achievement.

Other guests and speakers, in addition to Bishop Richards, were Bishops Marvin 0. Ashton and Joseph L. Wirthlin of the Presiding Bishopric, and Lee A. Palmer,

field supervisor of the Aaronic Priesthood.

Stake authorities present included stake president, Heber J. Burgon, and counselors, Raymond H. Clayton and John A. Aylett; stake clerk, Stanley A. Rasmussen;

The stake high council; and the stake Aaronic Priesthood committee, composed of Wilford Pierson, chairman; Harry Wright, Willard Kemp, and Stanley Burgon.

WEBER STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD GATHER TO RECEIVE STANDARD QUORUM AWARD

The leadership and Aaronic Priesthood members of the Weber Stake are shown in a Priesthood meeting held in Ogden, February S, 1942, to receive nineteen for Standard the Awards fortysix Quorum There were four hundred year 1941. young men and their leaders in attendance. The awards were presented by Lee A.

supervisor of Palmer, field the Priesthood, Aaronic representing Bishopric. the Presiding

president, Riley, Stake outstanding seventeen James H. honored boys with records, Priesthood by presenting each book with the H. Danforth. "I Dare You,"by Wm.

In addition Riley, to President officers stake attending were the meeting his counselors, Russell and Horace E. Garner N. with together stake Tanner, Aaronic

Priesthood chairman, A. G. Holland, and all members of the stake committee.

President P. Drew Clarke of the Granite Stake presidency was the principal speaker.

SUHTeac

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD

{Continued from page 235) WARD TEACHERS is giving judgment, bishop's with thecomply if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him has, A ND than a king powerto the bishop moreand, upon the other hand, to let every man him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may say how much he needs, and the bishop be become strong also.

obliged to comply with his judgment, is Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser to throw Zion into confusion and make a Priesthood.... (Doc. & Cov., 84:106, 107.)

slave of the bishop. The fact is, there must

be a balance or equilibrium of power beSuggestions For Ward Teachers tween the bishop'and the people; and thus

harmony and goodwill will be preserved Teachers should be actively interested in their people. They should

among you. visit them in times of illness and death. They should be aware of the

"Therefore, those persons consecrating spiritual, physical, and temporal status of their people to such an extent then Zion; in the bishop to andproperty assistance appropriate distress at that reported be once, and and want may

inheritance back, must showreceiving an the delay. without be provided worthy as to the to that he wants bishopreasonably is highly revelation, it In to duties the keeping teachers assigned with by in the claims. case two But hemuch as

parties cannot come to a mutual agreement, appropriate, where making a formal visit, to ask each member of the family the bishop is to have nothing to do about questions containing the following import:

receiving their consecrations; and the case

must be laid before a council of twelve high 1. Are you in harmony

priests; the bishop not being one of the a. With your neighbors and associates?

council, but he is to lay the case before b. With ward, stake, and General Authorities of the Church?

them."2. Are you attending to your Church duties

(To be continued) a. AsAttendinga membermeeting, fasting once each month and paying fast offering,

paying tithing, and participating in ward social functions?

b. As an officer

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO 3. AreSettingyou attendingproper example,to secret attendingand familycouncilprayers?meetings, etc.?

"NONE AT ALL"*

By E. Morgan Hansen WcutidL Jmx:hsA&: TTkaAoL g&v Way, 1%2

I use? of cigarettes brand doWHAT

All."At "None Why, TITHING

is father received the answer That my

S. the Bill, of brother, kid U.from Army my

Field, Colorado. Corp,Air Lowry My HThe* revelationword of andthe Lordthe teachingsto the Latterdayof the sevenSaintsPresidentson tithing,whoas havegiven presidedthrough to lifelong habitfather it a has smoke made

"None At All"and personally, I can over the Church in this dispensation:

heartily endorse this brand; also my favorite because And this shall be the beginning of the tithing of my people. And after that,

"None At All's"are "easy on the throat"those who have thus been tithed, shall pay onetenth of all their interest annually;

and "contain less nicotine."They cause and this shall be a standing law unto them forever, for my holy priesthood, saith

no nervous disorders, nor will they impair the Lord.

your health in any way!—Revelation to the Prophet Joseph Smith, D. 8C C. 119:3-4.

you'll never All"need and Use At "None if etc., grain, you mules, your cents, dollars and your horses your and Keep "lift"will to ever nor "walka you have

saints. like and act men: men to pretend choose; but pay tithing, pay it if you just to mile"them.a get Young. Brigham fact,—Presidentlike thereto, in attached tax There is no

arethey inexpensive. very onethen all and of tithing, onetenth our we possess, is It duty to pay our

greatest athletes use and coaches Our baptized is unfit to tithing his be not paid a increase, and who has man of tenth our other advise brand!and no dead. for his

All's"neither stains nor leave At "None Taylor. John—President clothes, or breath, the hands,odors on

fill aresurroundings, to never and known labor, tithing, our thing, that this our one to understand brethren the I want the or eyes headaches. cause with smoke. us. for are they but of the Almighty, exaltation for the not are our works

is fact, this entirely In alone brand unWoodruff. Wilford—President isoffensive neighbors, to your and welcome

at any public place or gathering. It is God's truth that the time has now come when He will not look favorably

"None At All"will not keep you away upon our negligence of this principle. I plead with you in the name of the Lord,

from church, nor dwarf your spirituality in and I pray that every man, woman, and child who have means shall pay onetenth any way. of their income as a tithing.

Try "None At All"! Make it a life-—President Lorenzo Snow.

long practice. I'm sure that, once you get

the habit, you'll agree there are no cigaIf you desire to prosper and to be free men and women and a free people, first rettes like "None At All"! meet your obligations to God, and then meet—Presidentyour obligationsJoseph Fieldingto your fellowSmith.men.

All"as phrase At *Note: "None The with Saints, covenant under Latterday to the prosperity of financial law The origior cigarettes of tobacco was a brand

offerings. tithes and Lord in not is to payer, and honest tithe be an God, brother, L. Hansen, nated William by my Heber J. Grant. Field, Coloto rob—Presidentthe Air Corps, Lowry U. S. Army

rado. The article, however, is of my own

origination. E. M. H.

of the group attended the little branch of the Sandpoint Sunday school. With our sm&aJfoqj group, we helped fill the hall which they

used as a meeting place. We received a

TEMPLE EXCURSIONS prepare a program in outline to be carmost hearty welcome from these good in Sandpoint. in out stake of his the wards on SaintsDISCONTINUED DURING ried

represident, Brother Deter, The branch fifth each Sunday. he Then and hisEMERGENCY after class that periods quested be shortened

March 6, 1942 assistants should follow up with the which was held a testimony meeting, in

Dear Stake Chairman: wards to see that these programs are which members of the caravan might bear

their carried in effective testimonies. out most manner. from recent announcements"Curther

If farther than Sandgone had no we Since the First Presidency given have it clear First Presidency the make it the well have would been worth this it is us great opportunity, repoint, our curtail all to cooperatethat must we trip. also the attended meetsacrament We utilize sponsibility to fullest it to the in expenditurestraveling minimize and ing the in inspiraevening, very which was extent.

tional. It to the excursions and keep pays temple Sabbathconnection with Day

stake supervision of ward genealogical Through the kindness of The Deseret holy, and not travel any more than is activities. News we are permitted to print necessary.

regular instructions continued our in the journey SecChurch Monday We the assist of the people Church To late arriving morning, that in Cardston tion. will include These helpful items usedin property conserving and money afternoon, without accident. or harm virtually on of every phase our work. Authorin transportation, the General Tuesday, and happy, everyone was urge stake and you your and ward We auxities that recently recommended very anxious to begin work. a what Oh,

this to read committeemen department glorious the blessspent discontinuediliary and week meetings we union be many carefully in latest keep and touch with ings received! everyone to visiting stake board membersand by

official suggestions. announcements faith, and the the of and Through power reduced. greatlythe Though be wards

Priesthood, Brain's Brother Direct assistance hearing derived be was from may stake committeesthis leaves action our restored. never tears real of saw more a of study to accounts of given be how facilfamiliar convenientwithout and before. that joy thing nearly impressed I One families organizations are and succeeditities their neverthefor work, doing every the kindness, one forgiveness, was ing in research temple work. and still following theless with leaves that love carries President them and with Wood Sincerely brethren, your It him. to everyone carry maderesponsibilities want more

Society of Utah life. spirit of this his into realown fully Genealogical ( the stake committee to We keep 1 ) President Smith, Joseph Fielding ize these without things cannot one enjoy the serving wards organized and

the Spirit of the is all Lord. That Archibald what Secretary we efficiently F. Bennett, need. after should seek Spirit His We regularly stake as to a meet (2) do, than more try to feed the and we

committee, though in most cases TEMPLE EXCURSION spiritual side of life as we do the temporal not oftener than once a month Dear Brother Bennett: side.

(3) to help the ward committees to had such an enjoyable time while on As President Grant said in the August isof the sue to Era, people "dethe get need funcfully organized WE and keep our stake to the excursion Alberta sire"to temple do work. Oh, a wonderwhat efficiently; this I to tioning done last be year, Temple thought you would

ful is all to for follow. example us he After

it. hearing enjoy about telephone, mail, (a) (b) by by

still to he do, find has to he time to can go left Seattle, caravan 12, The at July visit where (c) occasional by the as temple often as also does he and a. m., in traveling 4:30 of groups from two use necessary, (d) wise and by It carry his research. leaves on one no any to three cars, to prevent There press. the public for Regarding of excuse his not doing work, and own sixtytwo in were persons who all—fiftysixaccident. attending the often temple his to said: visits renew the Presidency have participated in temple work. youngest The

for covenants, forget soon the how we presiauxiliary "Visits stake by of the member caravan half was two and all, laws to if promise keep. we After a to the superintendencies months, eldest dencies and and eighty member was

to, person find wants he can to excuse an of age. years There twelve were missionshould organizations be ward break of the any Lord's commandments. aries included. this of Thirty group were reas circumstances made may find will time, that Many some they have from the Seattle Ward. West quire."excused themselves out the of blessings of Saints caravan at The met Sandpoint, the to their birthright. needs informed keep which about were ( 4 ) that Idaho, evening, 12th, Saturday where

orthe of conditions or ward Sincerely brother, your thev night. over camped

ganization through an efficient The next morning, being Sunday, most Ernest P. Allen, stake secretary.

and regular system of report.

We ask that you call for a report from each ward quarterly, c. Servants, not sons and daughters

to be due on April 15, July 15, Melchizedek Priesthood 3. The highest celestial heaven (301; Doc.

131:1-4) Cov. & of 15 15, October and January ( Concluded from page 234 a. obtain the highest enter To we must this for forms each year. The into the everlasting and covenant new 17 LESSON will sent report be you later. of marriage Marriage and Exaltation

ruled presiding brethren have The b. Failure to so deprives of highest do the Teachings Read Prophet of Joseph

all exaltation temple eternal theagainst of organization increase and Smith, 8788, 300301, 216, 312, pp. 331,

c. to exalted the person highest is Anyexcursions. temple work Whatever 337, 338, 374; 368, Doc. 42:22; Cov. &

celesthe abide must mansion whole basis, individual should 49:1517; an 76:5462, be ondone 70; 131:1-4; 132:1624.

tial law (331) to the attend being encouragedpersons 1. of Marriage is ordained d. (Doc. God All gospel ordinances 5 necessary

can. General as theytemple AuThe Cov. 49:1517) e. Elijah restored to seal wives power

thorities wish temple work to continue a. Whoso forbideth to marry is not orto husbands and children to parents

undiminished, as far as this can be done dained of God. for eternity (337)

under present altered conditions. b. Love and obedience enjoined within f. To receive your children to yourthe family selves (88) must ordinance, you have some led out stakes in promothave Some

shalt thy love Thou wife ( 1 ) with blessing (sealing) some (368)ing encouraging temple work, proxy all heart, thy shalt and cleave living un- g. dead, The faithful, and to be living temples distancethose at a from to her unto else and none to sealed (Doc. first forth in the resurcome

possible asto as proxy do much work Cov. 42:22) rection & (338)

in lieu of personal attendance. Con- (2) Respect for parental authority h. What is sealed on earth by power of

siderable success has already attended (8788) the Priesthood is sealed in heaven such an appeal in several stakes, par- (3) Provoke not thy children to anDiscuss ticularly in California. ger 1. Is the doctrine of celibacy a doctrine

for time only after of valid not Justify God? conclusion your from modto opportunities en- 2. Marriage the real of One death (Doc. ern revelation. Cov. 132:18) & inspire, instruct people thecourage, and a. 2. married so Those appointed are angels the requirements for enterWhat

fifth isin the each provided by ward ing the in heaven (Doc. highest Cov. 132:1617) degree of the celestial & KingSunday program. It is the direct re- b. Ministering servants unto those endom, as to (1) manner of living (2) ordisponsibility of each stake chairman to titled to far greater glory nances?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

the first full measure the first (undot- "DEVOTIONAL ORGAN ALted) eighth note should be carefully full its it gets that sure BUM"COMPILED AND watched—be TThuic sixcut short like the value, and is not BY DR. ARRANGED

Hymn Singing ASPER teenth notes that precede and follow

it. will also hold suggestion This good Cornwall,By J. Spencer to the addition organWELCOME the for similar of each measures on the Church Music Committee andOf ists'library has recently on come lines the A sure four of Also be hymn. TabernacleConductor Choir of the Fischer published the Carl market, by first last line that the the chords on two

of City, the of one two York New to will congregational tendof equal are be be sung a hymnsThe value—there in largest musicpublishing houses

during the next three months, conthe world. It is compiled and arency to make them a dotted eighth and

tinuing part of the Churchwide hymn ranged by Dr. Frank W. Asper, tabsixteenth, respectively, similar to the

singing project, are as follows: ernacle organist, and bears the title first two chords in the three preceding

April, No. 98, "School Thy Feelings"Devotional Organ Album. The lines. In both the first and second

fortythree numbers, contains full first lines, in of each, the measure 113, to "Glory on book May, God No."all for suitable are of church which it the tenor will take necessary to be Hi9h or use, playable both pipeorgan on right the orreed hand, notes on with 2, the "Praise June, No. Lord"Ye registration the organ, and Hammond It will also necessary piano. or be gan to choristers Instructions organand is instruof for these both marked

in the tenor the of sharp the take toists for these conducting playing C and are ments. compositions organ Most

hymns appear below: planned with a large organ in mind, second chord of the last line an ocand this confuses the organist with tave higher, and in the right hand.

April, "School Thy Feelings, O My only a small instrument at his disIt is suggested that this number be

Brother,"No. 98 posal. This collection overcomes this played in five flats, a half tone lower, so

Charles W. Penrose and difficulty and will be useful for those as to make the range of voices more

Ebenezer Beesley playing the Hammond organ, for within the reach of the average conThe words of this hymn are very whichyet beeninstrumentwritten, notin spitemuchofmusicthe facthas gregation.

these forappropriate troublesome are that there over eleven thousand May, Hymn No. 113, "Glory to recited should be bothtimes. They in use today. of them

and sung. Brief comments on the Many of the greatest composers God on High"

meanings of the words would not be are represented in the work: Bach This hymn will require a good, full

of place tenout with emphasis compositions, and also add Beethowould instrument, the tone and of from body ven, Guilmant, in singing. Wagner, Haydn, theto musical them The majesty and played with should be Mendelssohn, Tschaikowsky. andsetting a Beesley has Ebenezer by best, is It pipevigor. thought on are original also There numbers two fixedsimple rather with a melody for the pedal to leave the out organs, Dr. Asper, "Prayer""Suppliby and form. therhythmic not singhurry Do because name,""Praise phrase His ye cation."selections espewere Theing. for at time breath Allow ample all the singing cially voices four are the here planned rearranged and by

of phrase.the reending each The difficult, to Dr. so as too not Asper be of the pedal notes. entrance same The

tard in the last two measures should but still to be dignified in their manner. in the next phrase will be rendered much

not decrease the speed so much that the There is a handy classified index, more effective by this procedure.

singers will disconnect the words of recommending selections suitable for the final phrase. Sing all of the stanzas. Preludes, Offertories, Postludes, June, Hymn No. 2, "Praise Ye the Lord"

Funerals, Christmas, andMay, is "Glory to God on High,"Easter.Weddings, to Dr. Frank Asper W. will registration for this hymn TheNo. 113 be congratulated the successful on that call for a bright combination

completion publication of and Felice Giardini andBoden will will also but piercing, too appear this not able to find promises work which wide is to "Glory one of on High"God solidity of tone. must Care embody organists. church use amongthe Christenwell of all hymns known fast. Be to not it too taken play be

dom. It calls for a fullvoiced expres- (Concluded on page 249)

sion of praise. Make it just a bit majestic. Leaders are advised to direct it

with a firm beat. The speed should

not exceed moderate.June, "Praise Ye the Lord,"No. 2 HAMMOND ORGANS

Isaac Watts and Evan Stephens This hymn is, as the title indicates, a ARE STILL AVAILABLE hymn of praise. It contains a definite

note of joy which can be brought out by a slightly animated tempo. The Of Course Their Output is Restricted, and You May

phrase written for three parts only maybe sung a bit softer than the other parts Have to Wait a Short Time for Delivery of the song. Leaders should direct it

enthusiastically, allowing no lagging. ORDER NOW And You Will Soon Be Enjoying The World's

Notes on the Organ Performance Most Beautiful Organ Music In YOUR OWN WARD CHAPEL.

of the Hymns By Dr. Frank W. Asper, Fully Approved, And Assistance Assured In Their Purchase

Of the Church Music Committee By The Presiding Bishopric. Get Full Information From

and Tabernacle Organist MR. SELDON N. HEAPS

April, Hymn No. 98, "School Thy

Feelings, O My Brother"This will be a new hymn to almost GLEN BROS MUSIC CO all of our congregations, and it is especially essential that it be well prepared and correctly played the first time, so 74 SO. MAIN

that it will be correctly learned. In SALT LAKE CITY

.

2on UluSaflllessaqesshould be genuinely interested not only

M MEN BASKETBALL in seeing that reports are made, but

Recutives we TOURNAMENTgo to press, the M Men also in learning all possible lessons from As basketball team of Lovell West the information contained. ACTORS, ATTENTION! been have Horn Stake, Ward, Big

in the winners allChurchTHEY WILL FIGHT BETTER declared would like to add to its VS7hat ward

IF THEY READ MORE M Men Basketball tournament held * * coffers anywhere from five to fifty

Salt Deseret the Lake Gymnasium, prizesubmitting dollars for a merely are of methods'"Phere two easy 1114. of Full story helpinCity, March

is the picture? Here play the winning ing the of the forces morale armed will in the carried Era. event be May

of the nation. One is to write letters way to win the prize:

friends in are theto and relatives who CONDITIONS isservice. other to send them The together under bring them not M. play of picture a royalty must be I. A. 1. The matter.reading influences? published threeact) (oneact The or by letters. First, has some Everybody holinational the are and state There Publishing Co. Dramatic

acquaintance, friend, or dear one facdays, dancing in the summer time, 2. The picture must be a glossy black print

ing the terrible prospects that appardrama in the summer time, story telling with the name and address of the group ently print. avoided. Letters cannot from of be the back each on hiking, the festivals, under I. A. M.

within picture submitted be must friends The best are the mediandhome that stars, plans can be 3. the thousand

production. after the ten days forcine that homesickness even and fitness physical increase to our made picis limit of to the 4. number There no practically certain are that todespair need. national a one that tures submitted be by may letters. times. atoverwhelm Write men continufor your summer Plan now or person. group

Make the men feel the strong tie with ation of the M. I. A. 5. The contest closes June 15, 1942.home and normal life. Encourage M 6. The decision of the judges is final.

all picreturned, pictures and will be GleanerMen andin the contest classes to send group HAVE A FESTIVAL 7 Notures submitted becomeletter to absent members.

Magazines, clippings, newspapers are '"Phere will be no stake Theme Festhe property of The Dramatic Publishing Co. this tival year on Honor and Day especially appealalso a help. But we

8. contest supersedes all previous ofThis Therefore, the emergency. of account to send I. A. members The for M. fers.

it is should that the desired wards to others induce andImprovement Era do the same. Nothing a Latterday treble their efforts to make the ward HINTS

It take should memorable. event in theSaint from could have boy home to catch some interesting moment the 1. Try

festival, stake the place of the ward the could equal line of of action. Era. magazines

It will help keep up his courage, enfestival, and June conference. Every- 2. Try to have your picture reflect in some

lighten his mind on basic principles thing that appropriately sums up and way the spirit of the play or the personality of character. a lesson formal season's the completes is of these never thinking as he (and the lined 3. the actors Don't up on have to of put thought be and should work fine to mission- ), aidbefore him do and directcall or curtain for looking stage a will that use, look forward so members his friends.ary among work the ly at camera.

in September. the opening purto has Stake Davis South 4. The exaggerated makeup. Avoid

chased subscriptions for about eighty Turn to page 38 of your Executive 5. Make your set as attractive as possible.

Festiand read about Theme If (eight Manual in the service. that averagemen Address all letters to: the question yourselves vals. Ask throughmaintainedto a ward) were

out the Church, we would have nearly whether the evening of Tuesday, April THE DRAMATIC PUBLISHING COMPANY it to the preceding are 28th, days and copies going to the of 10,000 the Era

EDITOR CONTEST festival religious a colored happy be by in service month. everymen

Street Chicago, Illinois 59 E. Van Buren just sessions spirit or are your Mutual

DON'T DROP THE REINS going to come to an end. The M. I. A. plays that qualify beON MAY DAY cause they were published by the DraPREPARE FOR THE are: Publishing matic Company Road is program. yearround aITutual REPORT ANNUAL Into the Dress Sun, Ambition, A Party until the first waiting are If you

Grammatical Very for Patty, and A sent are report blanks to be for the children wait as end A nnualof May, in our current appear Family. These this stakes month. free during thinking school, are from out to theof you

/. A. Book of Plays, Volume 13.M. I. A. responsibilities until SeptemThese should be distributed to wards M.

secretariesber, off the get set immediately, idea then and the shake and should THE DEMANDS OF THE their requirefor view. of with point another Formal become familiar

lesson work runs nearly eight months, ments. When the end of May comes, EMERGENCY

but the summer should be joyous with every ward should have the informaTn an emergency old methods cannot the recreational and social activities tion properly recorded and mailed to A always be used. Responsibility may

for which good plans have been made. the stake executives. It is the duty fall on one who was not expecting it.

Now is the time for executives to of stake secretaries to compile these, New ways of reaching objectives must think for the months ahead, while your seeing that no ward is lacking, and be employed. There is more call for

organizations are still intact. Forepresent the stake report to the execcommon sense and initiative.

thought must be given if the needs are utives for study and signature. Stake workers must find new ways of

met. Scouting goes on. The Explorer Now is the time for all ward assokeeping ward organizations complete,

program can be enriched. Girls of ciation records to be scanned, so that operating, carrying out the program as

BeeHive and Junior departments have anything incomplete may be put right far as they properly can, adapting it a fine program. M Men and Gleaners before the beginning of May when regto local needs, pushing their Era camwill be together often during the long ular meetings will generally cease. paigns, collecting their funds, making

days of summer. At least young men Reports are not exciting reading, their reports and helping save and bless

and women of that age have been since but there is much food for thought in the youth of the Church.

their habits have been recorded. Why them. Executives of wards and stakes (Continued on page 240)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

(Continued from page 239) If, however, you are interested only Elizabeth Barrett Browning

Ward workers must study their proin the art of poetry as a medium of Sonnet from the Portuguese gram more earnestly, hold their own your expression or as solace or as a Matthew Arnold board meetings monthly, put into these delightful companion for a mood, we Sohrab and Rustum as much of the former stake leadership suggest that you pick up your favorite Rudyard Kipling material as possible, initiate and carry volume and lose yourself in sheer enBallad of East and West on their activity program without dejoyment of word thoughts and pictures. On the Road to Mandalay

William Wordsworth officers, hesitate solelypending to stake besuggest on the poems We Heart Leaps I Behold Up When My their choices zealously cause poetry are askeep standards as up

I Lonely a Cloud Wandered As favorite as one's are visited perfume. frequently being as if they were Wepersonal Composed Westminster Uponand acquire and live under the urge bound to give away our own secrets Ode on Intimations of ImmortalityBridge

of the spirit of their calling. by listing the poetry of our own exThe World is Too Much With Us

perience. Here are a few suggestions, Lord Byron

but we say choose your own; your The Prisoner of Chillon

choice will suit you best. Childe Harold (parts)

Iinileneaners pageWeofrecommendThe Improvementfirst of allEta.the poetryWith JohnParadiseMiltonLost (parts)

fervor may we recommend this page Psalms from The Bible

Thomas Gray bear every month. It might unknown E. Anderson, and Minnie Haymond W. Creed—CtoDr. Elegy in a Country Churchyard Lloyd, chairmen; Dr. Franklin P. S. author'Dr. Wesley you're names, but them among

Harris, Dr. Stevenson, C. Warner. L. A. Homer

Buckmiller, Kiepe, Hazel sure to find a poem that fits your mood Dr. Werner LeRoy J.

Brockbank, Ileen Ann Waspe, Freda Jensen, Vella and your interests. In conclusion, let us reintroduce our-

H. Wetzel. We also recommend "Between the selves to the rhythm of poetry, for this

can make our lives more beauEnds"Malone rhythm Book conducted by Ted MENGLEANERM us. tiful for in If possible, Housekeeping. GoodREADINGSOF-THEMONTH

also listen to Ted Malone's radio pro-

A lthough we designate April as the gram, the station and time of which "month for poetry, we realize that you can ascertain through your newspoetry cannot be confined to a single papers. month. Poetry is confined to the mood Next we list American poets and fi$|opl

the reader. of time the than

Christensen, Elmer M. chairman; Nichols, Mark T.

might read poetry have some of their works which you miqht—OP"Axel A. Madsen, Elwood G. Winters, that like: Floyed G. ratherWe

e, Eyri Dr. L. A. Stevenson. seato the wentday we down

shore when we were alone and felt in Edgar Allen Poe rj"THE present emergency has empha- a mood to read "Sea Fever."Or we The Raven sized the need of greater intensimight have read poetry that week in Annabel Lee fication of certain phases of the ExSeptember when we spent those delightStephen Collins Foster plorer program. No part of the proful last few days of autumn at our Old Folk At Home gram should be abandoned; every featfriend's summer home in the mountains My Old Kentucky Home ure has an important part to play in

Longfellow life the of young under even men war riot the color of world a andwhen was Evangeline still conditions. of need have the against sharp as face our wind We we Children's Hour The social activities wholesome as provided across the think lakerowed us made Lindsay Vachel

for in the fivepoint ExplorerJunior or Kilmer, and of Walt Whitman Joyce Lincoln Abraham we read Shelley's "Ode to the West Walks at Midnight program. These activities are not

Wind"as soon as we returned. Then The Congo burdensome or expensive and may be

maybe we were compelled to stop our James Russell Lowell made delightfully acceptable to both work that December morning to read The First Snowfall Explorers and Juniors.

Greenleaf Whittier the for John that Christmas about still poem Athletic activities won be conmay Muller Maud the Deseret Willes Eva Wangsgaard ducted, this but troops phase in many Barefoot Boy The prize poetry in 1941: "Lord, ofNews should the program considerably be Walt Whitman

it Let Christmas This Eve."curtailed, Snow the with of energy the troop the Field Father From Come Up

And more than one evening we have I Hear America Singing diverted to more necessary activities.

been lonesome or happy or reminisThere Was a Child Went Forth This is no attempt to eliminate athletics cent and found in our library a poem James Whitcomb Riley from the Explorer program, in fact some that compensated in some degree for Little Orphan Annie few troops may need more athletics to our mood. When the Frost is on the Pumpkin build morale. But there is not time for

So it is quite impossible to delegate more play than is absolutely necessary.

a certain month as a poetryreading We also recommend these British War time is work time, and Explorers time. We can, however, dedicate a poets and their works: have plenty of work to do.

month of our time to concentrating on poetry with the idea of learning more John Masefleld Major emphasis should be placed upabout it for our own personal appreSea Fever on the Emergency Service program and ciation. Rupert Brooke the Arrowhead award. The Explorer

leader should Great check Lover each The Explorer's is lifetime a Poetry study; can we

Soldier The progress these in both features program the merely profitable for way Shelley B. Percy each greater progress. urge and week study. concentrate poetry on may Wepoint to the Ode West Wind Service The Emergency program, deepics, types, ballads, as odes, or such Skylark a To in scribed considerable detail in the sonnets. the study of sonnet form Cloud A The supplement to 10, devised No. Log was from Peele Lyly and through Alfred Lord ShakeTennyson

speare to Elizabeth Barrett Browning The Lady of Shalott especially for conditions such as face us now. Morte is fascinating like D 'Arthur study. a might We

(parts) Hall Locksley to in periods relation study to of time title, feature Healthman The a new Ulysses like poetry, or to might concentrate we the of award, should Arrowhead be (parts) In Memoriam their on poets modern and works. There acquired by every Explorer. need The Robert Browning

will be many books in the school and Pippa Passes for better health is a national necessity.

public library to help us with this techMy Lost Duchess This is the major objective of the nical study if we are so inclined. Prospice Healthman title.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

pense of travel. Other possibilities will

feel gress, sure that your ward and we tjuniorg jBeeHiVe 6jr|s suggest themselves as your plans prowill closer together groups come K> ever before while spending one ofthanthe

Margaret chairman; Andersen, N, T. Lucy chairman; Harbertson, Bennett, H.Emily Gladys Ball, Pinnock, Florence B. Marjorie C. Polly C. Neslen,Grace Lueen Larson. R. Hardy, AnnHelena W.Larson, Wells, mostWedelightfulsuggest summersthat wardsyet.desiring to GraceErda Williams, N. J.Stewart,King,

carry out defense projects do so in cocongratulate the Beemany established govoperation \\7e already with present looking are a upon weAt *'* interpreted to corrather agencies, Keepers ernmental have than who"filled distrust, hate, with world and of instructions our units. rectly as recent the separate operate with work Tovengeance. darker appears day Every

I. specialized First regarding experienced Presidency A. agencies and M.

foreboding. haveand more We is their activities. increased far effective to helpful than have and more They the blackness creepwatched us upon in to their try determination set to agencies enthusiasm independent and up

feeling frustraof awith dismay and ranks. buzzing. ranks the our BeeHive They keep owntion.

crisis opporin rare present a the see these conditions hopeless would How high morale for the tunity of building it if for in faith not ourbe were God leadertheir spiritualizing of for the and

Christ. said Mysteries hasand Jesus Stamp Someone that capitalizing ship, are on they and

isthat in there the not darkness enough ( Concluded 212) page from outlined which already the of part work to light theworld put small of out one to our contribution rich a form can to readers as American known The If is true, thiscandle. should not we national emergency. Fair God.fear, for light the of the gospel have we studied during of Field Business The Archeologists industriously are whoto feet guide us our upward. and beckon usefulthe strengthen should March digging the of jungle the ruins from is that the Priesthood upon knowWe its if girls proper catch of ness they our find so Quirigua Copan and many earththe to never be taken and away for spirit. of great study women, The figures types of the faces clay on human this inthat great cause are which we stimulating them help cannot example, that stone are carvings and they will stimutriumph. aengaged What in citizens useful strive to to become asking, these did people come Wherelating to challenge us to best give our of study their communities. home A find greatest from? the Others mystery in theto of our heaven. cause Father will principles business fundamental in the of strange Quetzalcoatl, legends a Saints are blessed Latterday As we their for care to help naturally them white blue with man, golden eyes andin leadership of the having chosen men girl should real needs. BeeHive own A forhair at beard, and came some who direct, setof apart to guide, and God care in personal efficient become now in past, tear gotten the to period down in inspire us. unitedand be must We busibusiness management. Good and sacrifice altars the abolish of and war spirit in in their preceptsobeying and will ideals habits ness formed and now bloodshed. andtruth. instrucgiven been have We for her excellent foundation lay an first the to Spaniards The I. came whotions to carry our out A. program M. for will her future, equip vocational and told magnificent of country temples basis. not a This doeson ward mean country. service to useful her The for of the erected Quetzalcoatl, worshipthat will leader stake Junior our have rewill for application theme March priests in altars, the and served fact, who will In do. hernothing to work

is that business honher a mind woman white robes of the sign with marked increased. leadContactbe your ward her especially est in with dealings, her cross. the Quetzalcoatl not But mail, iners telephone, or was person. by

in heaven. Father there. for said that Tradition units some individual plan proeachHelp ward the been always Strong have homes reason he went known prevailing conditionsgram, meeting away—sailing are the of nation, and many backbone into in sunrise the skin serpent canoe. a findthere. alert to the ever and Be on

in the Field in the our which work ways left he But that promise a he lesfor would material enriching thepass on girls in building aid our of may Home bring again the and activities, to come for peacesons, helpful suggestions that might strength. Suggestions his world, while in home temple and gone he was encouragementand understanding are in the April guide emphasis given be clean must kept be but effortstheir nothing the and to departJunior make

as follows: its altar. flowers fruit or be placed hour. of on the meet the needsment

Your plans should be taking form for 1 Each girl should be a responsible asThat they might remember his teaching an interesting summer of Junior activsistant to her mother in seeing that all foods and look for his coming he sent his ities. Of necessity it must be elastic served in the home build the physical health spirit in the rare and beautiful Quetzal

owing to uncertain conditions, but keep of the family. She should aid in the preparabird which inhabits the forests of southit as normal as possible, remembering tion of this food. ern Mexico and Central America.

in all our work that we are joyous Jun- 2. She should add touches of beauty and The stamps of Peru contribute aniors able to meet every circumstance cheerfulness which will build and sustain other volume to the ancient stories of

of the family. health the morale and spiritual the of them, to Americas. not bethat showing comes One may us. We

Parties, evenings, informal games, home in full regalia, the ruling as in active Incacalled with serve duty upon to many of our older brothers, relatives, planned by a BeeHive girl can do much to royal attendants, commemorates the and friends are, but remember that she make home an attractive recreational cenglittering, golden kingdom which Pizarter. application for April) (See theme A ro waits, inhabited found,also serves people only stands and by who who

will bulletin recreation soon on be homefilling called kindness, loving "children sun."with themselves of the each day

for the throughout use compiled Church. rare, there strange is a cheer. But stamphope, and

its for release in of it use and make Watch in collections the youself antedates group organized which with an some Ally lessons. your

such as the Church Welfare program period of the Incas. It is known as the

through our Relief Society and the Red It is not too early to begin formulating dancing warriors, and commemorates

Cross. Do your part as they direct. plans for summer activities. These the forgotten kingdom of Chimu. Very

Fill your time in helpful service. should be made on a ward basis, which little is to be learned about the Chimu

Meet as a Junior group at least once means there is no end to the resources people, either from history or tradition a week, and while your fingers are busy from which we may draw. Nearby sumand all that is left to prove their existknitting, crocheting, and sewing for mer camps may be used, hikes within ence is the ruins of ChanChan, said

others less fortunate than you, plan a walking distance will be popular; sewto have been their capital city, and

book review, biography, inspiring talk, ing might be done for established govsome rare pieces of pottery from burial or travelog. Keep the spirit of the ocernmental agencies; home projects and caves, unlike any other that has ever

casion on a high, courageous, spiritual lawn and park activities should be enbeen found. And so the postage stamps

level remembering that a Junior girl couraged. Honor badges on nature of many countries are reminders of unis a choice girl in a choice land. study could well be filled without exanswered questions.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON (Continued [com page 222) clothing production in existing Church Shelton Branch was organized February 8, in Seattle the Stake, units. L. with Farwerda A. to small minutes, able extract they were

as presiding elder. Bishop of the Leonard YaleLove J. bits size rubber, of the about each pure CliftonMorend Branch, Graham Mount crest Bonneville Stake, Ward, and kernel. of a wheat 1, the divided to create Stake February was the of Salt regional chairman Lake several of After hours each chewing Clifton Branch, as with C. Matheson James bishops'council, executive has been handful of pure have a small wouldboy elder, presiding the Branch, Morenci and

rubber, which when heated, yielded an named chairman of the new subcomwith Earl Brigham Young as presiding excellent glue to toughen their bowmittee. Members include Briant S. elder.

trings and fix points on their arrows. Stringham, general manager of the Utah

Woolen Mills; Otto Mehr, manager of Genealogical Field

Bishops Council Names the Logan Garment company; Mrs. Ada Supervisor Named

president Quinn, of the GarQuinn W. Officers Christensen, former recorderNew Joseph ment Company, Ogden; Miss and Roof the Temple, recenthas Salt Lake assistant zina of Skidmore, professor of Fred Schwendiman W. ly field been appointed of supervisor at the economics University home Stake,U"Dishopthe Whittier Wells Ward, of the Genealogical of Society Utah. Utah. of the Bishops chairmanwas named

Salt the ofExecutive Council Lake Bishops, Presiding Psychologist Praises of the program, WelfareRegion Church Elders Named L. D. S. Youth Program 10.at sucheld a meeting March He American Second Alpine Fork Ward, of theceeds Bishop Love J. Leonard Church of Jesus Christ of '""Phe Stake, Olin Ririe succeeds H. H. Joseph

Yalecrest Ward, Bonneville Stake. Latterday Saints has a youth proStorrs.

Bishop Schwendiman chose as his asgram superior to that of any organiMurray Second Ward, Cottonwood sistants Bishop Henry Beckstead of zation in the country,"Dr. Garry C. Stake, Grover W. Snarr succeeds Daniel

the Midvale Second Ward, East JorMyers of Chicago, an outstanding psy- H. Snarr.

Stake, Tabiona Duchesne Ward, J. Laassistant to an Stake,dan was who chologist nationally and newsknown Carlile. S. succeeds Johnson Kenneth Mar E. BishopBishop Marand Love, John columnist, in Salt paper declared Lake Forest Dale Granite Stake, Ward, Eugenetin Riverside of Fifteenth the Ward, City as he engagefor a lecture came T. Carl succeeds Whitaker Buehner. W. theStake. of Bishop H. Peck Fred 11. ment, Richards Stake, March Granite Ward, V. James

Thirtysecond Ward, Pioneer Stake, Thompson succeeds Harry T. Oscarson.

the other assistant to Bishop Love, Stake Presidency Moore Ward, Lost River Stake, Clarence retired. Changes V. Knighton succeeds Nephi Christensen.

Lost River Lost Stake, River Ward, Salt activities of the storehouse All

President Brown, counand James succeeds George Noble R. Devon Jen- W. includes stakes the Region, whichLake I. selors B. Williams Joseph Lawrence andJr., son. valley, Salt of the Lake wardsand released the February 1, as Johnson were Montpelier Third Montpelier Ward, Stake, Davis County, SouthTooele and presidency. Elder Stake Woodruff WilStake, Vernal Peterson E. succeeds T. Emregional liams presithen executive the sustained directedare the as was by new ery Mumford.

council which is composed of the chairdent with Harold E. Brough and Victor W. Moroni East Ward, Moroni Stake, Berman of each stake executive council. Matthews as counselors. trand A. Childs succeeds Morgan Lamb.

New Mission Address drickAuroraH. HarwardWard, NorthsucceedsSevierLelandStake,Lazenby.KenApostle Smith Becomes

Branch, Stake, Parley G. Oahu CaliNanakuli of the TLTeadquarters NorthernAirline Director

Jenson succeeds Torgesen. * Norman W. * fornia Mission, which was created

Claremont Stake, Oakland Ward, Don of"Older Albert Smith George 2, division the the January a of 1942, by C. succeeds H. Chase. Reed Wood *""'elected of the California Mission, Council are Twelve was at 1649 Hayes Creek Stake, Oneida Mink Ward, Hy- J.

Street, Airlines California. meetFrancisco, director San Eldera of Western at a Bell succeeds E. rum William Crane.

ing in Los Angeles, March 10. A pioGerman E. Ellsworth is the president Roberts Ward, Rigby Stake, Rollo C.

neer aviation enthusiast, Elder Smith of the mission. Dutson succeeds Carl P. Holm.

assisted Western Airlines in surveys Ramah Ward, St. Johns Stake, Edgar A.

for their original routes in 1 926. Temple Construction Bond, Sr succeeds Squire Mangum.

Nears Completion Monroe South Ward, South Sevier Stake,

President Grant Makes Interior work on the Idaho Falls Dyches.Ernest V. Andersen succeeds Milo T.

Arizona Visit A Temple will be completed by midPark City Second Ward, South Summit

President Heber J. Grant left Salt summer,until fall, butJohnfinishingFetzer,detailsmemberwilloftakethe Stake,Olson. Byron F. Wilde succeeds Lloyd A.

Lake City by train in midMarch to Church Temple architect committee reGrover Branch, Wayne Stake, Urban spend a week or ten days in southern cently announced after inspecting the Van Banks succeeds Lewis Goodwin.

Arizona. He was accompanied by building site.Sister Grant, their daughter and sonHigh Priests'Quorum

inlaw, Mr. and Mrs. Robert L. Judd, Ward, Branch Changes President Released

Z. Brown. Dr. Mrs. andand John A. has recently been Mark Coombs Stake, Portland was Branch, Johns St. released president as priests'of the high 5. It formerly organized January was

in PlanWelfare filling the Forms Alberta after quorum Stake, Ira of the part Irvington a Gerald Ward.

the for position of a score years. His Church Unit Clothing elder.New presiding sustained as Wakefield was

record also includes period of years a seven Elberta SantaquinTintic Stake, Ward, first as that counselor of of a subcommittee quorum, on and two Appointment to a 28, changed branch September was"** as the years of chairman Welfare Church clothing manufacturing to operate as presiding with 1941, Greenhalgh Sylvan under the supervision of the General elder. Bishop Vernal Tippetts was released. committee.

Stake, Big Piney Branch, has Woodruff the Relief committee SoandWelfare Destroys been organized of Fire branch dependent as aciety step has announced. been This Industries Plant the has Niland Alphin Kemmerer Ward. effort selfinhas been taken toward an

elder. presiding appointed been "Dire originsufficiency of undetermined the production in the of clothgutted

Central Stake, St. George Ward, was *-ing within the Deseret Industries program. building, Welfare The 2234 to 7, 1941. changed a branch December

subcommittee will investigate the adIt is dependent on the Pinevalley Ward. Highland Drive, Salt Lake City, in an

visability of actual fabrication of cloth, No new branch leaders have been appointed early morning blaze on March 6. Loss

as well as coordinating all sewing and to date. to the building and contents was esti242

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

THE CHURCH MOVES ON mated to be $75,000, which was covRelics Attract Tourists Briant Bingham Jacobs, Clearfield, Utah;

ered by insurance. At Arizona Temple RayColen StanleyHagle Sweeten,Franson, Jr.,Thornton,Holbrook,Idaho;IdaCharles L. Johnson, sixtyfour, the

Utah; Salt City, Lake Alene Redd, Oma ollas, urns, pottery, imho; stone "Durial trappednightwatchman, was and Venice, Utah; Buchanan, Garth Mark Boyd ** variety plements, of other a and injuries to death.burned No other Burns Idaho; Richard Driggs,

relics the southwest, gathered from reported.were Merrill Smithfield, Utah; J.Toolson,Zohner, Dean

The Deseret Industries, a unit of the Mexico, Central, and South America McDonald, Logan, Utah; Ethel LaRee NufChurch Welfare plan, obtained and ochave been recently placed in a glass er, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Melvin Edward Harcupied the building as a main plant on case on the Arizona Temple grounds at less, Pima, Arizona; Bess Ward, Parowan.

July 15, 1940. One hundred ten perMesa, Arizona. Utah; Vernon Allphin, Lovell, Wyoming;

sons were employed at the plant in salElders Mance H. Vaught and Rondo Ella Adams, Delta, Utah; Leona Pearl Huish,

vaging and reconditioning household S. Harmon of the California Mission Mesa, Arizona.

articles. are in charge of the exhibit. Canadian: Stuart Charles Tyler, Idaho

Salt Falls, Alexander Kenning, Idaho; James the Barker, of chairman Howard Eliason, City, Utah; N. Roldo WrenIndustries that said committee,Deseret Hospital Head Lake Grantsville, Clark, Saul A. tham, Canada;

the fire would not affect the operations Named to Committee Utah; Robert Dean Matheson, McGill.

of the Deseret Industries more than to Nevada; Lenore Sparks, Nampa, Idaho.

of superintendent jenkins, Howard temporarily the processingslow down States: Central Samuel Rawl Bradshaw,

S. Hospital was L. D. the Salt Lakeactivities. the Murray, of Eli Simper, Employees Provo, Utah; Lorin burned J *

building were given temporary employnamed to the Region thirteen commitUtah; Don Gerard Gardner, Gridley, Caliment in the retail stores. tee of the American College of Hospital fornia; Willis Ransom Gardner, Cleveland,

Administrators, February 7. The orIdaho; Garth Ogden, Richfield, Utah; RobCalifornia; Bakersfield, VicLewis, Paul trainert assists directs the ganization andDr. Ends Asper

Belfry, tor Jackson, Montana; John Rex hospital executives. Region ing ofConcert Tour Utah; City, Salt Jr., Lake Evenson, Henry thirteen western consists thirteen the of

City, Salt Steadman, Lenard Donald Lake states. r\R. Frank W. Asper, Salt Lake Ballard Eyre, Carlyle Utah; Cowley, Wyotabernacle organist, returned to ming.

Salt Lake City early in February from Missionaries Released Eastern States: William Ward Heal,

a successful concert tour of southwestIn February, 1942 Provo, Utah; Vern Rowe Thomas, Paul,

City, Salt S. Idaho; Barnes, Jr., Harold Lake cities. recitals forern music gave He

Salt Purdie, Utah. California: Alvin Thomas privateclubs, church, associations or

Sharp, States: Central Ralph City, East Myrtle Branham, Utah; Leon Nissa in Lake California;Whittier, Phoenix, Mesa, Smith, Liness Idaho; Robert Thornton, Holly, Wisconsin; Lakes, Dora Three Lucy

Safford,Tucson, Arizona; Sweetand Neilsen, Merrill Clearfield, Utah; Idaho; Elvin Payne, John Jones Rexburg, Dunwater, Abilene, Sherman, Keene, Clecan, Arizona; Burke Sorensen, Orderville, Mona, Utah.

burne, Tulia, and Amarillo, Texas. Mrs. Utah; George Raymond Hadfield, Clearfield, New England Mission: Grace Walz,

Asper accompanied him on the tour. Utah; Reed Tolman Fisher, Rexburg, Idaho; {Concluded on page 252)

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

june 8 to july xj 1%2 SumnuUL Smaw/l

PROGRAM IN GUIDANCE Dr. Royce E. Brewster. Occupational Information and Guidance Service, U. S. Office of

Education, Washington.

George E. Hutcherson, Chief, Bureau of Guidance, New York State Department of Education, and immediate Past President, National Vocational Guidance Association.

Clifford Froelich, Supervisor, Occupational Information and Guidance, North Dakota,

State Department of Public Instruction.

Dr. Franklin R. Zeran, Occupational Information and Guidance Service, U. S. Office of

Education, Washington.

SECONDARY EDUCATION ENGLISH TEACHERS'CONFERENCE

Elbert K. Fretwell, Teachers'College, Columbia R. C. Pooley, University of Wisconsin, former PresiUniversity dent of American Association of English TeachELEMENTARY EDUCATION ers

BUSINESS EDUCATION Natalie Robinson Cole, Art Education, A Specialist in the Improvement of Reading E. G. Blackstone, University of Southern California

Other visiting faculty members will be announced later. A full offering of courses by the

I resident faculty will be offered including a full quarter's work for high school graduates:l

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

SUGAR AND THE WAR THE ADVERTISERS ( Continued from page 207 domestic beet sugar industry that undue intermountain states of Utah, Idaho, governmental encouragement now will and Where You Will Find and eastern Oregon for next year's carry with it certain implied promises that present gains beet growers and by is greater needs, than sugar even Their Messages will to processors maintained be need at that the large for nation by made after the present passed. has emergency

it is estistates, In these 231 Page. Mr. Milling Albers Company

little this us look point Let at a more..248 Hotel Alexandria factories existing mated, sugar

it closely, light in appraise of the and AllisChalmers Company if their output, 199 could nearly double first the following what happened Life Insurance Beneficial Co this available, "were the beets though acute shortage sugar Cover Back World War. An

Bennett Glass & Paint Company..250 would take an allout effort by growdeveloped then, as now. As a result,

Bluhill Cheese..;...228 ers and processors and cannot be sugar beet acreage was feverishly ex227 Borden Company for, fear. reasonably hoped This panded, twentysix and American we new

University..254 Brigham Young built beet factories territory that sugar in the were those were was among 227 Growers Calavo four next years. fly"the hardest hit "white by which 255 Continental Oil Co

Deseret Book Company 223 began its destruction in the early Regardless of the future effects of

Faultless Starch Company 226 twenties and continued through the increased sugar beet production today, first..247 first things First put Security must Corp win and thirties. in we early Consequently, 250 still Glade Company Candy is the time. war, there while As states, these the industry has been.238 Brothers Music Glen Co the noted, of already have one we to slowest recover. the margin So Milling 230 Grain Globe Co 198, & in is that battle commodities

253 George R. Gygi here acres of beets planted between for for and munifood essentialsugar—sugar 248 Hall's Canker Remedy factories of capacity processing and tions. faprocessing her present With.247 Hillam Costume Shop is in greater than areas. other some cilities industryalone the beet sugar 248 Hotel Utah

Hovey Press 226 This margin of difference now becan process this year, and every year,

Intermountain Sugar Beet Induscomes the measure of possible inapproximately 2,500,000 tons of retry....Inside Front Cover crease of beet sugar production in fined sugar, or nearly a million tons

....252 Iron Age allotted the contito more than all districts, were least at until facnew 247 Station Radio KLO nental areas the beet Federal govby built. tories buildthe can be And Inside Back Cover KSL last if all facyear, beet ernment sugar ing of factories present under 248 new College S. Business L. D.

Loma Linda Food Co 246 conditions, even if advisable, would tories were given a processing camMiskin Scraper Works 245 be impossible without obtaining paign of optimum length under normal 231 logically conclude, Co. Supply Mountain Fuel We

Co... States Implement Mountain 197 priorities for new machinery and therefore,conditions. that the bottleneck of inOwensboro Ditcher & Grader 244 equipment, which might be extremecreased beet sugar production in the

Palace Hotel...... 246 ly difficult today. United States this year is not factories,

253 Par Company Soap However, Commissioner Page acres of but the of amount beets—and Limited Purex Company, a faint 229 sounds the encouragement which government.....193 Biscuit Purity Company

this to along ment is willing to lend planted to get them 228 of Beauty School Quish wordline—theof encouragefirst

Royal Baking Company....228 come from any government official, while there is still time this spring.

Safeway Stores, Inc 195 we believe. We quote him: In the intermountain west, existing

.228 California—of Standard Brands factories, including that did not two factories Since cannot completed imbe 226 Jewelry Tanner, O. Co C, in operate 1941, being one and now mediately, substantial the of expansion 253 Taylor Jewelry Company to enlarged better beet and removed sugar beet acreage deferred to must be 226 Products Garden Tea

If inIdaho, country 1943. around can factories available Nampa, adequate are 253 Traveler's Motor Lodge

time, that all users water the of their by on twensugar crease production eighty per Pacific 193 Stages Union tynine [Federal reclamation] projects could cent last 1941! Idaho, over year which 249 of University Utah

.. to increase prepared be production. the. processed beets 253 approximately from Engraving Utah Company

factories particularly desirable be may New 251 Refining Oil Company Utah this acres, fiftytwo & thousand can year in Montana, Colorado. Washington, NeProducers'Poultry Coop. Utah yield the process one from hundred vada, and Wyoming.......245 Ass'n acres, or possibly ninety to thousand

> 252 Trust Savings Co. Utah increase. per cent hundred This one of Causes Government College..243 State Agricultural Utah

Wasatch Chemical Company 253 Embarrassment would mean appoximately two hundred million of sugar twenty pounds more officials not government have Wasatch Oil Refining Co 196 Zither states three of the Idaho, Utah, from - In fact, that far, however. gone 1941", in than Oregon and were made been some of them even slow have to soldiers supply to or enough 1,929,000

to enthusiastic give the encouragement rations daily with of 5 oz. per per day

of increase beet acreage even sugar Bttr,o*inZI6ATION, for civilians year or one 5,641,025 to man factories exist able are where and at threequarters of a each pound week fact that the the process despite beets for year. one Fast Work at Low Cost, the essenbeets sugar are most among with a MARTIN tial this..d of all crops. Just food why Where the Farmer Comes IN goosenecks, 2 V-Type, detachable

it is is reticence, not though known, cleans all edges, cuts kinds of and ditches and ponds, makes levees, suggested in some quarters that there Co here is the challenge to sugar beet builds finest this: to processors for growers and possibly reasons have who two The es are <-Terraces

saves moisture, stops fertilizer loss. ANW{jT*'Its idle first that it is plants is fear be put can the charged, to work. of these,

FlatBottom NEW! 2-Way * "lowingH that a toosudden change of policy from The need for more sugar is the prime easiest Ditcher, adjustment

for width and depth. Pointed beets reason for growing and in 1941 more of curtailment one to an allout

dirt share throws both ways the plants. the is not in operating But it production for increased campaign single trip. on Catalog

reason. only and profit duty 1942 might embarrassment cause some When

DITCHER it for increased production the join hands government. second reason, The CO.. Inc. to 2-WayFlatDitcherBottom OWENSBORO&FREE.GRADER

Box 07 Owensboro, Kentucky and probably the more real of the two, is hard to see how anyone can hold

MOUNTAIN yet there back. concern fear is the is some want do not And by those who

Ogdcn, inacreage of beet of the STATESUtah—DistributorsIMPLEMENT CO. to about the see amount expansion a permanent

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

SUGAR AND THE WAR creases that can be expected this year. on our intermountain farms, to mainirrigated land in the West. Beet sugar has

in peace, the nation served in war and soil tain fertility is average high this and so? are the of Here some Why

materially pulp, has beet a byproduct, while all for yields crops, not to mention offer, inreasons farmers the of order

Soil industry. livestock the western aided for ) the of the byproducts beettheir value ( apparent importance: 1 The introduction the followed has improvement

this subject, feeding. livestock foruncertainty the of labor the supply On projects and, beets reclamation of sugar on

thinning and harvesting of the beet Reclamation Commissioner Page, in through it, the production of alfalfa, beans, crop; (2) the greater ease claimed for March, made this statement: peas, potatoes, and other crops has been

the growing of some other crops, even increased.

with adequate labor available for the Sugar beets are a major cash crop on (Concluded on page 246) job, for some farmers, it seems, would rather put their land to grain, hay and even some row crops that mature earlier and require less work to grow and harvest than beets; (3) high prices that

some other crops are expected to bring, though few crops, if any, that can be raised on land suitable for sugar beets, are now as free from hazards or price uncertainty, or bring as high cash returns as sugar beets; (4) old disputes

between farmers and processors in some districts that restrain a few individuals from giving allout cooperation in the Health is vital to victory; and eggs are vital to health! Wholesome,

proposed increased acreage program; nutritious Milk White Eggs are on the menu for thousands of Uncle

... proof of their superiority! Have some daily. Keep (5) lack of familiarity with the crop by Sam's soldiers

some farmers, which makes them hesifit. A healthy America is a strong America!

tant about going into beets heavily, if at all, when prices for other crops Milk White Eggs are used in all M. I. A. Cooking

are good; (6) unpleasant memories of Schools. Produced by Utah Poultry Producers'Coop.

sugar beet crop failure of the past Association.

through a combination of drought and "curley top,"which once combined nearly to wreck the industry in those areas lying west of the west slopes of the Rockies, but which has now been almost completely overcome throughthe development of a new resistant type MILKWHITE EGGS of seed; ( 7 ) limited availability of land

that has been properly prepared in advance for increased sugar beet acreage this spring; and (8) just plain inertia, or

the difficulty of getting people to change, however desirable a change might be.

Overcoming the Labor Shortage HPhe most formidable of these objections, seems to be fear of a labor shortage for the thinning and harvesting of the beet crop, though many of the better growers of the region are taking the philosophical attitude that somehow this will be met with the cooperation of state and federal government agencies; students on "beet vacations"

to work in the beet fields; sugar companies who are recruiting all the mobile

labor they can to supplement the available local supply; and the possibility

that alien labor, from defense areas Miskin Scrapers will be shipped on approval where they will move voluntarily, or by compulsion, are not yet known.

to beet districts, to work under supervision of local or Federal authorities.

Miskin Scraper Works, Date - 1942.

Beet Products and ByProducts Ucon, Idaho.

Without obligation to me, I would like information on the correct size

A s to competitive crops, beets will al- * ways have to compete with them Miskin Scraper to use with my tractor for best prices, but most old beet grow- (State make and model) ers with whom I have discussed this Name:.:

question recently, tell me that, while beets are not a gambler's crop, they Address -—-

are the best paying crop on the farm over the long pull. Besides, they are

needed in any crop rotation program

SUGAR AND THE WAR {Concluded [com page 245) nationwide panic which occurred at

The Sociological Aspect thecouldstartbe completedof 1891, beforeand paidthe for.factory

'T'here is also the sociological aspect One of the most loyal of President of the beet sugar industry. If it was Woodruff's supporters at this juncture,

important to establish it in these interon whose shoulders fell the major task mountain areas, is it not equally as imof raising the last one hundred thouportant to sustain it not only for the sand dollars needed to complete the good of the farmers themselves, and financing, was Heber J. Grant, then a

the livestock feeders, but for the good young man in his early thirties. Inof the west as a whole, and for the spired by President Woodruff's deterentire nation? mination to finish the job, "if I have to

Most of us know something of the bust the credit of the Church to do it,"part the Church played in the establishPresident Grant as a young man saw ment of the beet sugar industry. The the financing job through and the facstory has been told so many times it is tory completed by that fall, to become

almost legendary. We recount it the first beet sugar factory in America

briefly, just as a reminder. The first to be made by American workmen and

attempt to make sugar in the west was to be equipped with American mawithin five years of the first pioneers'chinery.

entry into the Salt Lake valley. At "Bust the credit of the Church?"Wilthe request of Brigham Young, Elder ford Woodruff a stubborn old man?

John Taylor, then presiding over the Not stubborn, but inspired! To him

French mission of the Church, purhad come the mission to establish the chased machinery and equipment for a sugar industry in Utah, and nothing in plant complete sugar making France this great purhim from could move it sailing shipped and had by there Quit? vessel pose. a while was Not

the across Atlantic, the Missisand up left life in his ageing of spark body!

sippi from New Orleans to Ft. LeavenNot while he had supporters like Heber

worth, fiftytwo and oxdrawn then by Grant to see the job through!

the plains across covered wagons and J.

over the Rocky Mountains to the outThe history of this original comfirst as the Sugar Utah pany, known skirts Salt of Lake city suburb now first its later with merged Company, as Sugar House. known

While Utah's original "Sugar House"offspring, the Idaho Sugar Company, could not truthfully be called a success, to become the UtahIdaho Sugar Comis discourreplete of pany, with tales since they able never were to make triumph. followed agement and It was in it, this first effort sugar the marked

beginning of untiring attempts to estabinto the field by The Amalgamated lish the beet sugar industry in Utah Sugar Company, founded in 1898, by which finally succeeded two score years the late David Eccles, that financial later. genius who also was an early backer

An Inspired Venture ofpaniesthe originaland factoriesventure.haveOtherfollowed,comXTilford Woodruff was then head some to succeed, some to fail. In other

v of the Church. The need for western states, too, the industry has

making sugar at home was still urgent, made notable progress, for the growing as it had been in Brigham Young's day, of beets and the making of sugar, was, and the need for building an industry and is, a blessing and a benefit to all that would furnish a dependable cash the communities in which it has been crop for intermountain farms, and give successfully established.

employment to agricultural and factory In the past half century scores of workers living in farm communities was sugar companies have built factories also urgent. which have turned crossroads into prosThe difficulties facing the new venperous towns and cities. Today, in a

great. Since were states, to be score known Michigan of western fromRU5WT5 first that unsuccessful attempt of Pacific the the to are than one more FLAKED whea 6 ture

"fifties"early facof sugar ap- a number sugar hundred coast,factories—serving

tories had been started in other parts proximately sixty thousand growers, of the country, but only one, at Alvaproducing one million five hundred thourado, California, had been able to sursand tons of sugar each year, and capthat led even pre- a one had of able, encouragement proper under flake vive—and ovencrisp existence. Each carious factory, at Another in their greatly increasing production biscuit Rusket Island, a just getNebraska, Grand was to in the in 1942, years sugarhungry and gram vhole ting itself. started a but not is had proved follow. year, 1942, immediately This from 2 Slobaked half Looking century, back a replenish their to the sugar chance bowlSERVING3 we wheat. CONTAINS of dtgesmight mistakenly that imagine President easy that nation the to of America and show for! ft hours100 the united Woodruff would have had the beets, the sugar growing of and makene quick S"G Li oa100 his this support in of brethren venture, is of ing beet not sealpacks "hothouse"sugar a Inner

is but far truth. the such of from plant, foolishly as Some claimed, some have Ovensweet keep his close associates confidence had vital, no industry a basic but American (fyitami Ovenfresn.

in the enterprise the outset, from while its with place deserves to take which

MISKEBI others,the start,whocompletelywere willinglostto faithgo alongin the at ture—readyother worthytobranchesserve, worthyof ourto expand,agriculproject before it was finally finished, and responsive to the call of profit or

or were unable to meet their commitpatriotism with an effort that is neither

The FRtSH START BREAKFAST ments for its financing as a result of a too little nor too late!

...

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

Guardians of the Past

211) ( Continued page from THAM YOU, FRIENDS, zz cried unto the outwere terrified and

Lord. THMK YOU! BUTSTAY TUNED TO YOUR

NETWORK MUTUAL for arrange PLEASE, Costumes PLEASE the said Moses, unto Lord WhereAnd FIRST, IT'S THE 3 FIRSTS WITH set your Performance you criest the BEFOREfore thou unto unto speak me?

dates for.. and "ERMINIE"BAR- "THE 1. NEWSchildren forward: of Israel that they But go

RETTS."cannot costume JUST WE..lift stretch thine 2. out thy rod and hand up SPORTS

all at the you time same and do we the children sea, divide theover and it: and.. 3. MUSIC. POPULAR to want your dress Play. Opera and Israel shallof through ground dry on go

of Three Networks Programs Get The 14: sea. thethe of 1516) midst (Exodus Station Over One Let's Work Together! MUTUAL—BLUE—INTERMOUNTAIN

And Moses did as God commanded, and a great wind blew and Hilhim's Costome Shop divided the waters, and all night Constitution Bldg. Salt Lake City, Ut.

the children of Israel, with their household belongings packed on their backs, and driving their cattle before them, passed through the sea. And the next morning, when

the Egyptians would have pursued them, the waters closed in, and theenemies were drowned. we are2Pl prepared To the Hebrew mind, this story

of the deliverance of Israel is notonly history, it is a great spiritual TO SERVE IN WAR lesson, a burning bush that has never been extinguished. The storyhas been told and retold; fragments OR IN PEACE TIME

of it are written into song and story; all through their literature runs the phrase, "and the waters were

divided...."The spiritual lesson '"THESE banks are doing everything possible to prois this: they are never to be discourmote the sale of Defense Bonds and Stamps and

aged, for God goes with them. If in other ways to aid directly to finance various phasthere is a sea before them, and es of our country's defense program.

hosts of Egyptians pursuing them, the waters shall be divided, and f IKEWISE you will find all of them alert and pretheir enemies overthrown. The pared to protect your financial interests now and

memory of God's protecting care in the future.

has given them courage and sustained them in dark days.

The Book of Judges is the greatFIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH est story of pioneering ever writNational Association ten. It is a collection of expeWith branches at Ogden, Logan, Provo, Bingham, Magna, Richmond,

riences and episodes that occurred Park City in the early settling of Canaan.

tribes the great of Israel, underThe BANK FIRST NATIONAL their warrior Joshua, way of Salt Lake City made from the wilderness into Canaan, With branches at Sugarhouse and Tooele and tried to take possession of the it, to land. signed had a deed They

fight to they but hadby God, to FIRST SECURITYSalt Lake City TRUST CO.

claim it, and for several hundred years there was continual warfare between the tribes of Israel and the FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

Canaanites. The tribes of Canaan National Association

were much better equipped for WithFalls, branchesJerome, Montpelier,at Boise, Blackfoot,Mountain Home,Emmett,Nampa,Gooding,Pocatello,Hailey,Payette,Idaho warfare than were the Israelites, Preston, Shoshone but Israel held its place in the land.

records Book of JudgesThe the heFIRST SECURITY BANK roic struggles struggles of Israel, Rock Springs, Wyoming in which faith triumphed over force. This book is a staff and a Members of

stay to the Hebrew heart, for there is a leap of the spirit which comes FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION when they remember God's mercies to their forefathers.

One could go on endlessly, for (Continued on page 248) Guardians of the Past (Continued from page 247) the Bible is filled with stories of

God's protecting care, the way in 500 modern which He led and directed, punished and loved His chosen peorooms garage ple.

often repeats itself, and so Historyin another age and in another

prairie a tractless across to a mounFamed for Friendliness land God led a group of people great tain fastness, another and all the luxuries enjoy comforts of a and Here yu valley—"the pioneer over a looked

... cost. at Centrally hotel but metropolitan moderate of it...,"a breadth length and facilities, fine excellent dining located, entertainment

rooms, including the colorful COFFEE SHOP and the beauwide stretch of sagebrush land, and tiful EMPIRE ROOM for deluxe dining and dancing. Make a salt sea, and he too had vision,

this your "home"whenever you visit Salt Lake. for he said, "This is the place,"

and moving into the valley, he built there a temple unto the Lord.

One cannot earnestly and sinwith- history cerely read Mormon The HOTEL UTAH realizing that this people out TOOMBES, Managing Director GUY moved under supernatural guidance. Always God's guiding hand led them,

and His loving care saved them

L. D. S. Business College Girls'Chorus from destruction. Is there a story

in all the world more beautiful than

Visits High Schools that of the locusts and the sea gulls?

A little people in a mountain fastness, shut away from the world, cut off from any immediate supplies, dependent upon the mercy of

God. With work and sweat, and

tears, brought they had faith and * % JUL % M P H soil, virgin planted to the and water their crops. There was great rejoicing when the green shoots

pushed up through the earth. Then

the tragedy; seemed to what came f Jtflt 1 1 W

in a great black cloud appeared.'i be

the sky and swarms of locust came down upon fields and swept them clean. Fight and work as they

would, the people could not exterminate the pest. Then appeared

the right hand of God. Gulls came

in from the lake—ate, disgorged,

and ate again, until the locust were destroyed. the of girls, this direction of Mrs. Swigart, Knight Under representing group Norma

is visiting district. States, of the most of the high schools Western central Special In this story so much a part of Utah

artists are Shirley Thompson, violinist; Billie Thomas, reader; and David Whipple, us that it sustains us and gives us

pianist. couragetrial and inof darkdoubtdays?do we sayIn timesto ourof

to students meet the need more demands We selves, of "The right hand God deprivate industry workers. office for trained ENROLL NOW!of Government and livered grandparand my parents

if I ents, L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE deliver He will put myme—thetrust inGodHim,of SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, the

God of Joseph and Brigham, and

John Taylor and Wilford Wood- I ruff, in will trust?"HimIN USE For OVER HITY YEARS LOS ANGELES is, that trouble as yet no one One FDREMD5T HOTEL j&St in treatmentAids of Canker, simple the stories of put Pioneers has our

sore throat and other minor mouth <*ALEXANDRIA into deathless language, into words and throat irritations. that glow, into perfect sentences of

Recognized Utah Headquarters in beauty. We have a great spiritLos Angeles but as ual background, yet we haveHall's Canker Remedy V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON to poetry or prose comparable Director no of Salt Formerly Lake City536 So. at Salt East 2nd Lake City, Utah

the song of Moses and Miriam, the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

GUARDIANS OF THE PAST song of Deborah, or the story of the story of a young boy's vision ward across America to a desert

Gideon. We need a great poet to was carried almost around the land, is not just an American epic;

hold fast the past for us; but he world. It was a time of covered it is a world movement, a new diswill not come until we call him, wagons, of sailing vessels, of canpensation. We need to vision the

until we create a consciousness of dlelight, and yet a heroic band carscope of it, and treasure the memthe splendor of our past. Until we ried the message across the turbuory of the men and women who

fully appreciate the strength and lent Atlantic to the old world, and formed the vanguard of this vast beauty of pioneer life, -no poet men came from the north countries, undertaking. The background of

will speak out. from the Netherlands, and from the the Mormon people is worldwide,

We need to write a Book of Birtish Isles, to America to gather and out of their farflung experiJudges, a collection of incidents, round the youthful Prophet. ence, out of their suffering and sacof tiny miracles which occurred in He was a boy from an obscure rifice, should come a great spiritearly days, which show God's tenfamily, without place or posiual literature, a literature of which

der mercy and loving care. And tion or influential friends, living in a people may well be proud.

we need to write these stories so a sparsely settled farming district, beautifully that they will become and with the commonest of common immortal. We need to hold fast to names... "Smith."And yet men

the truth that God will never let from all parts of the world believed go of a group of people He has his story. The Ballif family came Music

raised will; France, the up to His from do with from Cardons and

this truth off Italy, as the ( Concluded irom page 238) a Calcutta should theme and in far we create a definite Mormon literature. McCune family heard the gospel. sure that the half notes at the end of

A spiritual literature which records Their histories, together with thouthe first two phrases have their exact the way in which our forefathers sands of others, form a vast litervalue—no more, no less. On various

were gathered from the old world ary field which has scarcely been occasions I have heard the tenor part and brought to America, the land scratched. It is a field filled with adof the third phrase, where there is no

of Joseph, a land blessed above all venture and romance, with faith bass, played on the sixteenfoot pedal.

other lands, a land promised to the and with trust; woven together Nothing could be more atrocious, as

seed of Joseph by Jacob and by these stories become the backtheshouldbassdoublenotes inare thisthe manner.only ones Thewe

Moses. ground, the heritage, of the Morlast phrase will present some technical

A great miracle occurred in mon people. difficulty, and again, here, the tenor

America in the nineteenth century; This gathering of people from part should be played with the right

this miracle was the way in which the old world, their flight westhand on reed organs.

Higher Education Will Always Pay Dividends

P June 15 to July 23 -SUMMER SCHOOL- j u7fjia

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH, SALT LAKE CITY

The University of Utah's 1942 summer session will offer seven special features of vital interest to home makers and teachers in addition to the regular curricula always presented. Resident faculty members and a visiting staff of

15 experts will be on the campus to assist in all your needs.

SPECIAL INSTITUTES

1—WORKSHOP ON MORE LIVABLE HOMES, JULY 6 to 23.

2—WORKSHOP FOR ELEMENTARY SCHOOL TEACHERS, JUNE 2 to 26.

3—WORKSHOP FOR ENGLISH TEACHERS, JULY G to 23.

4 WORKSHOP IN ART EDUCATION, JUNE 15 to 23.

5—AMERICAN ASSOCIATION FOR ADVANCEMENT OF SCIENCE, JUNE 15 to 20.

G—INSTITUTE ON FAMILY LIFE, JUNE 23 to 25.

7—INSTITUTE OF PROFESSIONAL RELATIONS, JUNE 22 and 23.

WRITE TODAY OR CALL AT THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH FOR FREE CATALOGUE

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

THE NOOSE DRAWS TIGHTER

discuss to chance pipe smokby cigarettes to prevent drying from OF ( Concluded from page 205 of glycerine which is commonly used COURSE ing. of one Every them some had comout and to unbearable becoming

. pipe, his about but surprising SHE WILL ENJOY happenedplaint smoke. the last three For or two A BOX OF just of seem,..them none knew as it may

what took place in their pipe when they years, since the nationally publicized smoked.... We are going to tell just tragedy involving the patent mediwhat happens when you burn tobacco in a cine, elixir sulfanamide, the Federal

pipe. Let's start pipe. with Until a new

in,"it bitey, is harsh it is "broken and and Food and Drug Administration has there is little pleasure in smoking it. forbidden the use of diethylene glyHowever, we put up with this unpleasant col in any food product. Even imiDELICIOUS period because we know that soon the pipe tation extracts, from which only a

will taste disgood. another comes Then very minute evenamount would

this at appointment, a stage and good many tually enter the body, human pipe the ranks. from wouldbe PINK.no GOLD drop smokers ASSORTMENT The pipe becomes strong, the bowl gooey, not contain any of this chemical,couldso

FOR EASTER and the tobacco will not burn to the end dangerous to health is its reputation.

because the heel has become soggy. Yet Philip Morris boasts that their

persistent brave keep and and If we are this find cigarettes are better because they last bit lighting of tobacco, we that it has a decidedly poor taste.... No use from two to three per cent of

wonder they say that pipe smokers have this suspicious, hazardous chemical,

... off patience. will give The wood diethylene glycol—another bird of acetone, acid, pyroligneous other and many the same feather! chemical that harsh are and compounds

sharp to the taste.... At the bottom of The pamphlets distributed by this

the bowl we find a tarry mass, and it is this company frankly admit the injurious

1-2-3 in 5 Packed and All (For Sale Dealers) at Pound Boxes tarrytroubles.mass that is the seat of our major effectsof cigarettes.from smokingThey haveseveralbecomebrandsso

brazen that the actual measurements led far into People have been irritations, of these and evaluation blindness they will adread when vertisements containing comments made with knowledge of the tobacco like the above and still use the prodcompany, were listed and compared uct. If the pipe will become gooey, and are now being willingly dissemisoggy, and filled with a tarry mass nated to the public. It is also sigwhich is harsh and bitey, the humnificant that in every experiment

blest thinker can surely realize that conducted, involving many brands the same thing happens in the and human guinea pigs, the tobacco smoker's anatomy. research physicians and chemists

positively proved that tobacco is

Tn response to a request by the auharmful and irritating—therefore

this is additional evidence we (pAotcct What Morristhor thesentsalessomemanagerscientificof reportsPhilip poisonousSurely and "not good for man."

accompanied by a letter of transmithad never expected to support our

IJOJJL didVSL tal which contained the following claims.

WITH statements:

The mildness of Philip Morris is atGoing—Going!

tributable to a definite reason, the use of {Concluded from page 231 diethylene glycol as the hygroscopic agent. the next best thing is the establishin these papers Researches reported Bennett's prove ment of at least one refuge for ancontaining conclusively that cigarettes

diethylene glycol as the hygroscopic agent telope, or a fenced preserve. But the

'Prom!: are considerably less irritating than other latter is the next thing to a zoo.

cigarettes. The former is the best alternative,

It affords Jnsurau. cigarette,For the Philipfirst timeMorris,therewhichis availablehas beena and probably the cheaper.

proved less irritating. an opportunity for establishing a

"seed area,"on which antelope may

In harmony with the admission in breed, and increase their kind by the above statement Philip Morris spreading out into adjacent, local PAINTS manufacturers blatantly boast reguareas. Should population pressure More than 100 beautiful colors

in paints exclusive, ing 69 for all surfaces—includexquisite shades rettelarly isover"definitelythe radiolessthatirritating."their cigaIt theget spreadso greatis roowithingreat,thethenrefugethe statethat tints. and

may still be extremely irritating and would be ready for its first antelope

BENNETT & PAINT CO. GLASS irritating other than yet be less some season.

City Salt Lake that also brand. in mind an Keep The game situation in the state Dealers throughout Utah. Idaho and

neighboring states. irritant is something, as a poison, remains unbalanced as long as we

. which tends to destroy life or impair can, and do, maintain large deer

health. At least here is an admission herds adjacent to such population

that their product is poisonous and centers as Salt Lake City, Logan, not good for man. Provo, and Ogden, and cannot mainKEEP IN TUNE It is interesting to note that the tain a constant antelope herd in any

Subscribe to and read moistureabsorbing agent in Philip spot of such isolated, lonely areas

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Morris is diethylene glycol instead as the east and west deserts.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

THE UTILITY OF GOD (Continued from page 210) you. The state will. The state is, recognizes right and

soned the hard way, for the benefit does.ual liberty,To thosethen,whoGodvaluehas individ-a high wrong,is room evilforandindividualjustice, thereconof nonbelievers: degree of political utility! And we're science. Such freedom can

A. You can assume there is no God. not done with the idea yet! flower into group freedom of

You can assume there is no purassociation: You select your

pose in the universe. Even so, B. Wherever there is a society of own wife or husband; your

a widelyheld belief, though believers, with an appeal to a own friends, work, church, false, has utility if you want inhigher law, moral or otherwise, club, associations. The state

dividual freedom of conscience higher law, above the state, moral doesn't do it for you. Meanand freedom of association. or otherwise, you tend to make while the state itself becomes

1 Because a belief in God, even notment.an amoral or immoral instruwholesome and helpful.

if false, if widely held, tends 2. Remove God and His beto produce a sense of respon- 1. Where the state is moral, that (Concluded on page 252)

sibility to that God in the minds of those believers whether He exists or not.

2. The loss of freedom has occurred in those nations where

the state and not God, has served as supreme moral For Longer Cor Life arbiter; and where any

sense of responsibility to any symbol outside of the Get Our state has been destroyed.

No Mormon has lost his personal liberty, even for drinking coffee or breaking any other commandment SPRING TUNEUP promulgated by God. But let

the commands of the state replace those of God in the area of personal liberty! Suddenly belief becomes a very ht/

important matter!

is of this, the utility What you CAR CONSERVATION HEADQUARTERS essenthis prime ask? Merelymay

tial: If a majority of society's memoffers special services to make your car run better

bers believe in God, you have that and last longer.

common belief, and not the state, as your highest court of appeal in day to day affairs. And in that society of believers, God has utility Proper lubrication every 1000 miles is

and don't you forget it! For if God more important now than ever before

is the moral arbiter, and you break to keep wear and tear at a minimum.

won't whip of Hisone laws, He you. Spect Ourtakes Specializedcare of everyLubricationfriction pointserviceon coffee strike the cup fromHe won't

arrest you. hand.your He won't

intimidate execute you or or Comp'e,e lubricant.the chassis, withNo theguesswork—nothingcorrect types ofHe won't

your wife and children; and if such 'spEClAUZED overlooked. We use the ChekChati

a believedin God didn't exist, of system to assure the kind of lubricacourse, naturally. He couldn't inter- ****** tion your car's manufacturer recomvene to upset your misbehavior. So mends.

even God as a myth has a little if it that value! 17 happens free except important But even other checkup services—all 9LUS

for if needed. materials and adjustments, exists, actually believedinthe God

as Mormons affirm, He won't upset Our experienced service men axe familiar with all makes of cars.

your precious political liberty. You Let them give your car the service it needs for longer life.

can drink your coffee and He or His ministers won't banish you or cut you off His Church. Instead, you ChsudLW.$fvaChsidiJufc

might even assume a pious expression when asking for Church privat CAR CONSERVATION ileges and what s more, get them! HEADQUARTERS

But when the state is chief moral UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY arbiter and you go counter to the Stations Everywhere in Utah and Idaho state, look out! God won't strike

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

THE UTILITY OF GOD rA H'vS;;-'|,;; { Concluded from page 25 1 fully, in the way of a man's going

to hell. of the unbeliever? is What state the incapable"—andlievers, "the weakminded and expensive He is an luxury. We assoFree no longer moral.

ciation ends. The state is can afford a good many, and we will

supreme if it chooses to aboltreat them well. But, with all their

ish your privileges. Whether fine talk, remember this! The man

it does or not depends on who reckons without God today is what the people, with God the natural, though perhaps unconremoved, now believe! The scious, enemy of a free society. He

problem has to be solved on will have to invent a better symbol "Iron Age Makes Planting this line. capable of maintaining the state in

Season Easy For Us"popular, moral check if he's interpotatoes on his plant father Talmadgre in and Nat preserving the called thing belief Is ested in Will work? God their cultivation acres 190 of on under

interpersonal In freedom. whose Mr. Riverhead, N. Y. farm, near Island Long120 in priprayer public In any good?

to season used planting says: Talmadgre "Our ests? In In interests the his own. is. It vate? all until Amen! For Iron of farming's headaches be Age one who

.., it easiest of along. the came is one liberty Now happiness. and treasure individually freedom, and of automatic Iron our HiSpeed tworow Age

utility? cerhave Does all consistent, a does God satisfactory job under He in groups, including unbelievers,

first conditions."the bought The Talmadges tainly does! without reason does Not utility! Belief actually has Iron planter in God their section ago. years Age

planters With Iron HiSpeed you cut Age costs, get greater planting acworks the miracle, however slowly, the fervent hymn called "America"close spacing curacy and faster planting with 16 picker of a free society. Take God away conclude:

for catalog. arms. Write

lose liberty, and inheryou Thee, because God, to Our Father's A. B. Limited, CO., FARQUHAR of Liberty, To Thee we sing! faith ent in Christian 114 is the belief Author Pa. Duke St. York,

that God Himself recognizes indiLongWith mayFreedom'sour landholybelight!bright

vidual values; "will force no man Protect us by Thy might,

to heaven"; will not stand, forceGreat God! Our King! IRONAGE

POTATO PLANTER! THE CHURCH MOVES ON

( Concluded from page 243 Jr., Salt Lake, Utah; Mark Emmett Rasband,

Rexburg, Idaho; Russell Tolman, Oakley, Heber, Utah; Marvin Elmer Sabin, Salem,

Idaho; Reed S. Nelson, Logan, Utah; Vance Utah; Paul G. Burton, Salt Lake City, Utah;

Willard Aagard, Fountain Green, Utah; Leon Hendenstrom, Ogden, Utah; Charles

Ellis L. Williams, Malad, Idaho; Farrel Hooper Moses, Blackfoot, Idaho; Virgil

J. Francom, Blue Creek, Utah; Victor R. Worth Jones, Duncan, Arizona.

Robinson, Paragonah, Utah; Richard Giles Southern States: Antone C. ChristenSharp, Salt Lake City, Utah; Orren Russell sen, Hooper, Utah; Virgil M. Brown, Roy,

Hurricane, B. Utah; Maughan, Edwin Sullivan, Hurricane, LoLeon Utah; George Lomptete Wilding,gan, Sugar City, Idaho; Ersel L. Hall, Utah; Ralph M. Sleight, Paris, Idaho; Oral Smithfield, Utah; Jensen, Utah. Verda Blackner, Henry KathLyman, Wyoming;

Mexican Mission: Genevieve Whetten, erine Suella Blackner, Lyman, Wyoming;

Colonia Juarez, Mexico; Grandon LongGayle Lewis Starks; Clearfield, Utah; Dale

hurst, Dublan, Colonia Mexico; Streeper, Idaho; Rigby, Vilda Walker Edward d5anhma Whetten, Colonia Juarez, Mexico; Thomas Ira Pearson, City, Charles Utah; Salt Lake

Andrew Hawkins, Colonia Dublan, Mexico; Irwin Pentz, Croydon, Utah.

en n e... WilliamKato. DeVarWalser,Haws,ColoniaColoniaDublan,Dublan,Mexico;MexEl SpanishAmerican:Paso, Texas; HenryMaurineAlexanderGonzalez,Wood,

ico. Cedar City, Utah; Mayo Wilford Smith,

Northern States: Wayne Laron AnderBurley, Idaho; Orson Ross Sanders, Malta,

son, Corinne, Utah; Marion Louise Edman, Idaho.

COMMERCIAL AND SAVINGS Salt Leslie, City, Utah; Lake E. Asay, Royal Mission: Texas Lawrence VanOrden ACCOUNTS. Idaho; St. Jarvis, Utah. George, Mary Burton, Auburn, Joseph Wyoming; Walton

North California: Bertha Hood, Mesa, Ransom, Cleveland, Idaho; LeRoy Ives PatTRUST DEPARTMENT—Acting Arizona; Lenore Stevens, Holden, Utah; terson, Olympia, Washington; Samuel Glenn

as Administrator, Executor, Audun Rudie Shobaken, West Hurley, New Merrill, North Hollywood, California; GilGuardian and Trustee. York; Murland Flint Young, Layton, Utah; mer T. Anderson, Auburn, Idaho.

Hyrum Floyd Holt, Spanish Fork, Utah; Western States: Joseph Vane Barker,

ABSTRACT DEPARTMENT. Gerald Monroe Daniels, Victor, Idaho; Escalante, Utah; James R. Donaldson,

Nervel Wayne Smith, Logan, Utah. Hachita, New Mexico; William Alman

SAFETY DEPOSIT BOXES. North Central States: Edna Conrad, Brim, Grantsville, Utah.

Iona, Idaho; David Aaron Jenkins, Idaho Western Canadian: Howard Keith WellAll departments on ground floor. Falls,cer, Idaho;Idaho;WilliamWesleyCharlesLloyd Stacey,Roberts,WoodSpen- man,Waddell,Jensen,Driggs,Utah;Idaho.Quayle McAllister

ruff, Utah; Robert LeRoy Cook, Idaho Falls,

Idaho; Alma Jacob Bruderer, Logan, Utah; Long Beach Opens

SAVINGS & Marjory Lyngby Garff, Sacramento, CaliITT Norman Stewart Yates, Vernon, Utah; Stake Center U fornia. T ong Beach Stake Conference TRUST CO. Li 1 /i/I 11

States: O'Niel Northwestern Ray 1, L'held and 28, February March

Utah; Grant 235 South Main Street Walker, Pleasant Grove, direction Antoine Elder of the Mcunder

Gerber, Utah; Wellington, Kee Eugene First Ivins of the the Council R. of Federal Member Reserve System Otto, Erickson, Beth Joseph Wyoming;

official first meetings the Seventy, were Federal Deposit Member Clarissa Arizona; Safford, Christensen, Jane

Insurance Corporation Center. Stake held to Beach be in Long Salt Virginia Lake, Utah; Montgomery,

Christopherson, Afton, Wyoming; Van Kay The building will serve as a stake house

Price. Laketown, Utah; Lester Utah Barton, and a chapel for the Park View Ward.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

A Statistical Comparison TRAVELER'S MOTOR LODGE {Continued from page 202) SALT LAKE'S1481 SOUTHOUTSTANDINGSTATE MOTOR

COURT and Modern Newfiftysix religious bodies TAYLOR separate Air Conditioned StrictlySummer—Automatically in Heatedthat to the reported membership Winter—Beautifullyin

ished Floors With Carpeted Colored and FurnJewelry Company States of the Census.United Bureau Tile Showers, Free Radios

classified THE BETTER THAN into twentywereThese is BEST HOTELS This to think the time of

LESS FOR families religiousfour large includSchool Pins. Rings and We

ing eightythree deone hundred can furnish with these you nominations, plus seventythree separticles. Refinement of dearate denominations that did not fall sign and quality makes us

into any of the family groups. Most an outstanding Manufacreli- fiftysixof these hundred two.. turer.gious organizations small were in WE

St., 162 So. A COMPLETEONER 4-8554 Main Phone issize, fact that the as by shown Salt City, ENGRAVING SERVICE Lake Utah

only twentyseven had a memberFrom Missionary Portraits to the Largest ship or two hundred thousand or Mail Orders CataloguesGiven Prompt Attention over sixteen a mere and had a memUTAH ENGRAVING CO.

St. five or 113 Regentbership of Salt Lake City, thousand hundred Utah WHEREVER YOUR YOUNG MEN GOover. The Roman Catholic Church SEND THEM

was the largest single denomination with a total membership of 19,914,- The IMPROVEMENT ERA

At school, or in the at work, Congregations came937; Jewish will follow ERA them keep and service—thethem close

to in thinking. home innext, third Baptists and Negro SUBSCRIBE your See director NOW.their ward

size.actual or Total church write memberMORGRO reported as 55,807,366,ship was The IMPROVEMENT ERA

50 Northwhich is only 42.4 percent of the4 Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

total 1940 national population.

Roughly, then, it would seem that That's right. USE MORGRO for

total of theonehalf population of Your VICTORY GARDENS. For A Beautiful Gift Booklet For is inthis country church membership, and that the Roman Catholic LAWNS. PLANTS, and FLOWERS.Church has about onethird of all It's the Perfect Fertilizer for Utah MOTHERS'DAY

such members. The other twoand Idaho Soils. All new, distinctive, appropriate for this

Protestant, largelythirds are alMade by the SinglespecialCopies,occasion.15c postpaid. groups arethough from other a few

to all Sunday 5.included. Wasatch Chemical Cd. ASchoolfree copySuperintendentswill be mailedApril

National membership of the Mor2225 So. 5th East—Salt Lake per dozen, including gift cards $1.35and

mon Church is listed in the 1936 OgdenBranchesand Provo,in Utah envelopes.

census at six hundred seventyeight Sold by all GEORGE R. GYGI

thousand, two hundred seventeen, Leading Idaho Dealers 375S South 23rd East which means that this Church is Salt Lake City, Utah among the fifteen largest denominations of the country; only fourteen

are larger. In terms of percentages,

only 5.5 percent of all denominations

in this country are larger in membership than the Mormon Church and 94.1 percent are smaller. Looking at it another way, there is one PAR

Mormon in the United States forevery: POLKA

55 NonCatholics (largely Protestants ) Perfect DOT 85 Church members (largely Concentrated Christian 170 people in the population Soap The Modern in ratios are round numThese is the Par granulated soap BLUING to the present are intendedbers and efrich, produces which of picture:general onehalf About

... fective in it with suds water any soap populationthe country's holds

... the rinses soap which in the ask your Use tub... with of twothirds membership,church

all members are nonCatholics, and freely and leaves no ring the clothes. Saves

around the tub. {Concluded on page 255) grocer the extra rinsing.

4It would be a higher percentage of the 1936 populationwell ifto thatkeeppopulationin mind thatfigurea weremore known.complete Itcountis alsoof PAR SOAP COMPANY, 767 85th Ave., Oakland, California

church membership than is now available would very likely show a higher percentage of the population in religious affiliation than is shown here.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

SOLUTION OF MARCH PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword Puzzle -The Story of Creation "Thou art worthy, O Lord, to receive glory and honour and power: for thou

hast created all things, and for thy pleasure they are and were created,"—Rev. 4: 11.

no. a.

AllYear War

Effort at B Y II

enables students to begin college in June instead of September;

... to finish in three years instead of four;

... to obtain vital technical

training before being ACROSS called to war; 1 The Creator 33 Thatch composed of palm leaves

..."great created 35..."God "And land dry the called 4 God "And for... ofto prepare securing filleth... of the the thee with "and 38 1: 10 Gen.

ficers'commissions or po14 Ps.. 147: wheat"light the called 8 "And God.".."

.. Pronoun sitions in 40 he called defense darkness indus- "the 10

and the morning were the. 41 "And type of Kind tries or associated work. 11 day".. the first... the works of God"and 12 "Come

East longitude 45 dominion over the fish of have SUMMER QUARTER 1315 Sailor"and 43 Terbium thine... now be attentive, and 47 "Let..."the

Intensive training in stenog17 Seat of government thine eyes open"Neh. 1:6

raphy, use of office machines, 19 Pertaining to the first man 49 Pasture

Implement names 50 in 22 Hebrew etc., God accounting, during entire..."in created his own 52 man "God Switzerland in River quarter on Provo campus. Night 24 hast a little him thou "For made 54 in England River 26

and day classes. 27 The soul (Egypt. Relig.) than the angels"Ps. 8: 5...

.. appear". land "let the 56 Song for Special work teachers 28 is given in the creation of The 57... Sea eagle 30 needing to credentials renew first of Genesis chapter Measure 31

or obtain higher ones. Rich 32 "... thee behind me, Satan"58 "and... became a living soul"

choice of courses in premedi- cal study, chemistry, physics, arts, DOWN mathematics, mechanic home economics, etc. 2 "... thing I do"Phil. 3: 13 27 "and... of the earth after his kind"

3 "and all flesh... that moved upon 29 Shrub

FIRST TERM: At Provo, June 4 Interjectionthe earth"Gen. 7: 21 34 LetterPsalmof 119the Hebrew alphabet, used in

15 - July 24 5 Perfume 35 Relation of 36 down to 16 down 6 Longdrawn speech 36 The first woman

SECOND TERM: At Provo and 78 CryFlat ofcircularsurpriseplate 3738 DealerTermination

the very little 39 "and 9 A Aspen Grove, July 27 - Aug. 29

"until the. day.. yieldingthat.. fruit". entered into I have given you every herb 42 "Behold, 12

bearing..."the ark"Matt. 24: 38

14 Public notice 44 "chief captain of his..."

16 The first man 46 Eldest son of Noah "his kind,..., 48 "andMatt.the8:birds20 of the... have nests"Brigham Young University 18 "livingand creepingcreature thingafter

20 "and the... were the first day"51 Mouths

if refuse thou to let my people to this and you have the 53 "Else, "beg"PROVO. UTAH 21 Prefix

..."10: Ex. 4 of creation time

23 "the greater.. to rule the day"55 Conjunction

254 25 Always THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1942

its ticut). the increasing nation nation church as was a whole, For the ComparisonA Statistical twothirds, the is in membership percent 42.4 of the population about by

8 page 253) (Concluded from trebled being the In church membership. Church second Mormon was

increase in place, size. Furthermore, is the most homogeneous Utahnearly two percent of these are Morin

thirtyyear during this membership in church of any state membershipmons. 5

Six "Latterday Saint"denominaperiod was greater in the Mormon in the union; 90.2 percent of all

tions were listed in the 1 936 Census Church than in any of the other church members in Utah are affiliof Religious Bodies. Of these, the twentyseven major denominations7 ated with one church (which, in this

Mormon group had more than seven for which rates could be calculated. case, is the Mormon), as compared

times as many members as all the In two important respects relating with 80.7 percent for New Mexico,

others together. The Reorganized to church membership, Utah is the second highest state, and 72.7

Church came second in size; the unique among all fortyeight states percent for Rhode Island, the third

Bickertonites, third; the Temple Lot, and the District of Columbia. In highest state in this respect (both

fourth; the Strangites, fifth; and the the first place, Utah has a larger proNew Mexico and Rhode Island are

Cutlerites, sixth, with thirtyone portion of its population belonging dominantly Catholic). Since about

members. 6 to a church than any other section twothirds of Utah's population beIn the total picture of church memof the country. This proportion is longs to some church, and since

bership, comparative rates of growth 67.7 percent, as compared with 66.4 about ninetenths of this church

are equally significant to comparapercent for Rhode Island which is membership is Mormon, it follows tive sizes. During the thirty year the second highest state, and 61.5 that about threefifths (61.1 percent,

period, 190636, total church mempercent for Connecticut, the third to be exact ) of Utah's population is bership, as reported, increased 69.4 highest state in this respect ( CathMormon. This is significantly higher

percent. In comparison with this, olic is the dominant religious element than similar proportions for domithe Mormon Church increased 214.3 in both Rhode Island and Connecnant religious groups of other states.

percent in membership, which is a While not the largest religion of the having denominations twentyseven 7Of is nevertheless two America, Mormonism three timesrate of growth more than there in 1936, thousand hundred or more members in view of largest, which among the definition else three in average. of were nature or the national that changedthat While

of since 1906 as to "member"so much make comif impractical, parisons were its young age is remarkable. When not impossible. These

BFigures from the 1936 Census of Religious Bodies the "Jewish Congregations,"the "Evangelical Luthseen against the background of other the ratiosgive to every 52.9 States,"of one noneran of Missouri, Ohio, Other and Synod Mormon

Catholics, of 82.3 church members. Joint "Evangelical Lutheran and the Wischurches, both the size and growth and every The ratio Synod

obtained total population to the the was Other twentyfour of Mormons consin and States."Of reof the Church give cause for genuine

In that year there from 766,139 maining 1940 figures. for were denominations major comparable which

Mormons in the United States and 131,669,275 people rates could be calculated, the Mormon Church had satisfaction.

in the country, which gives a ratio of one to 171.8. the greatest percent increase in membership, as stated,

6Bureau of the Census, Census of Religious Bodies, with the "Church of Christ, Scientists"coming sec8In the calculations of all these percentages, figures 1936, United States percent), (213.7 Department of Commerce, Bulond the "African and Methodist Episfrom the 1936 Census Bodies and the of Religious

letin 16, p. 3. copal third No. Church,"Zion (124.5 percent). are used. 1940 Census Population of

Yes, vaccine prepares you to beat trouble...

now how does this oil work that principle?

Like a plague, modern driving conditions are widely attacking motor oil—wasting it away. Nature can't modernize her oil. And

the best refining even weakens certain natural "immunities"...

BUT CONOCO Ntt OIL makes it all long. Oilplating, a recognized Conoco

up—and then some—with modern manadvantage for years, comes from the

made preventives. They get credit for its other great synthetic in Conoco N r*>.

healthy record of more than twice the This exerts magnetlike action to envelop mileage averaged by five other fine oils working parts in closebonded lubricant in an impartial Death -Test lasting till that doesn't all quickly drain down.

engines burned up. Instead it stays plated—much as any

The rival oils, in identical cars, braved plating—and that's what the convenblistering Death Valley with a strict tional movable oil film slides on! You're

5-quart fill apiece. One gave out when one more remove from excess wear—from

Conoco Ni was still more than tworepairs and delay these days. You're up to

thirds up! None came closer than 58% the Nth degree of oil mileage for your car.

of Conoco N*A mileage! Change now at Your Mileage Merchant's

Get Conoco N*A oil for the Spring Conoco station. Continental Oil Company

change that your engine must have.

You'll get its added modern synthetic,

Thialkene inhibitor, to inhibit—forestall the fouling attacks of engine speeds and CONOCO

pressures. Instead of breaking down into

socalled varnish, gums, and worse, your Conoco N oil can stay more like its own 1CONOCO good self—to help your mileage stay up.

Valley Death proved proved it—and

again engine that Uvea MOTOR OIL an oilplated

KT poUrPaqejjnTjjUrsl

LETS SAY IT CORRECTLY CASE DISMISSED

daft ever a bit over words I have but one brother and I ought go the in beginning? and wonderdon't—-enoughhow theyat to Witness:know.""I insist that to be Do youcame If you

find least to the missed words have much how that Prosecuting (threateningly): attorney know "Do you

real of the of joy words. a most fascinoriginated—youword bedlam has The for perjury. yourself committed say you you may find You

ating history. Believe it or not, it originated from Bethlehem. have but one brother and just a few minutes ago your sister

But the English abbreviated their pronunciation of the word under oath said she has two. Now which is the truth?"

when the priory called St. Mary of Bethlehem was established

for this priory Later, in England. a refuge was made those FOREARMED

deranged. perfectly mentally word, from a good bedlam And

results. "What are you cutting that piece out of the paper for?"

Imagine how much fun you can have with words finding "It tells about a man who got a divorce because his wife their ancestors. through his pockets."went

are going to do with it?""What you f the Editor's desk Messenger, a monthly I rO came The Ward "Put it pocket!"in my * publication the of Springs, Rock Ward, Wyoming. On

of the one this pages appeared note from initials. modestly signed his Ward, only who the penWe ofareS. sureM. TEMPTING WORDS

that you will derive much joy and stimulation from reading it! Rastus: "If you say anything to me Ah'll make yo'eat

IMPROVEMENT THE ERA yo'Exodus:words, man.""Chicken dumplings, hot biscuits, and watermelon."VOICE "THE OF THE CHURCH"

The Improvement Era is a wonderful medium of expression; QUICK SERVICE

gently in manners, strongly in deed. A sturdy monitor of "What's the trouble, lady?"righteousness!

Mrs. Newdriver: say that I have a short circuit. "They It credulity. never suffers avoids from sounding Era The

I wait, lengthen it while please?"you it is tinkling taste simpletons. In brass matters of arbiter Can and

elegantiarum. It is never "guided by the ignis fatuus of popular superstition."IN THE MODE

scintillating its array of information for it provides The "Mabel, you really ought to wear a hat when you go out is readers indeed amazing! companion. is a wise The Era It riding."

will think! earnthe admiration you make It awakens of every

est reader who yearns for the truth. "But, Mother, I am wearing a hat; it's on the other side."

Men and women of brilliant culture and wide experience contribute to its pages and scrutinize every manuscript. It CANDID COMMENT

couldn't be otherwise. President Heber J. Grant is the Editorin-Chief. His associates are Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Richard A sensible girl is not so sensible as she looks because a

L. Evans, and Marba C. Josephson. That invisible sword sensible girl has more sense than to look sensible.

hanging ominously over every editorial chair has no terror for the editors of The Improvement Era.—S. M. W. COOPERATION

Glendale District, California Mission "May I have the day off, sir, to help my wife with the cleaning?"spring Editor: Dear "

afraid I'm not "No,"little interest story that to you a may be of JUST I could a lot; "Thanks rely on you."I knew missionary contemplating atand companion I were My

tending church services about four miles away. Not having a

car and it being against missionary rules to thumb a ride we TOO BIG A RISK that the road. started It so happened comwalking down my

of Tillie: "So you didn't carry out your plan to elope?"district president, carrying a panion, copy was who is the

The Improvement Era.... We had walked a slight distance Millie: "No, you see the folks were planning to move and we

when a car that passed stopped and waited for us to catch up. might not have been able to find them after we got back."

When we arrived at the car the driver very kindly asked us if we would like a ride. We accepted and after the necessary SAD ENDING

introductions informed us he was going to the same place we that stated were. it was a glimpse of the Era that He also Mrs. Beck: "So you haven't laid eyes on your husband

... to stop. caused him for six years?"now

This stood the Henry remember day well.

us six until screen holding the manyis stepsa newin valuethis case.we haveWe alsofoundfindforit thewillEra.save usIt savedmany rightMrs.therePeck:in theNo—Idoor, door open

steps in presenting the gospel if we can only find people inflies got in the house."

terested enough to read it.

the Lord bless May you in your endeavors for a bigger and WET WELCOME better Improvement Era.

Sincerely your brothers, Mr. Black: "I believe I'm a near neighbor of yours, Miss

Elders Durston E. Hardy and Max King. White. I live just across the river from you."

in some nice—perhaps you will drop Tommy: "When Dad saw<$> my report card he threatened time."Miss White: "That's

to adopt Russian methods."

Bob: "How's that? Did he see 'red'?"SHORT STORY

Tommy. "No, he is going to apply the scorched earth policy "How is your father getting along?"to me."

—S. J. Black, Phoenix Third Ward. "Well, the doctor told him not to start any continued stories."

fay o 6:00 eni9s Qt

AMOS N'ANDY MCcH 4:00 pM *',

>turd*3*-

Av even** 5 a* 1-.00 a

50,000 WATT KEY STATION FOR COLUMBIA IN THE I N T E RM O U N T A I N WEST

PATTERNSFOR LIVING Clouds drjft capriciously carried by aimless April breezes, yet every so often, as if directed by some unseen artist, they form indescribably beautiful patterns.

Our lives, too, may drift aimlessly without plan or purpose, yet how beautiful and abundant is the life that is patterned...

that has a purposeful, secure future course.

A good life insurance program is indispensable to the security of you and your family in the.m, present times of adversity. See

your Beneficial agent... NOW.

INSURAN iAfllf Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake C.ty, Utah