The Improvement Era September 1966

Darrell H. Nelson of the Executive Board

As a member of the Executive Board of American Western Life, I invite you to compare the following rates for decreasing term insurance.

Annual Premium Annual Premium Annual Premium

Issue Age *$25,000 Policy *$50,000 Policy *$100,000 Policy

25 $ 54.75 $ 99.50 $ 189.00

35 76.25 142.50 275.00

45 163.75 317.50 625.00

55 397.75 785.50 1,561.00

*20yr. plan. Also available in 10, 15, 25 and 30 yr. plans.

The rapid increase in the cost of living in recent years requires individuals in all situations to seek maximum protection at minimum costs. American

Western's Professional Decreasing Term will provide for you the protection you need at a cost you can afford.

Write me today forfurther details.

MERICAN 247 South 500 East Salt Lake City, Utah 84102 Western

LIFE INSURANCE CO.

.

Exploring. NOW.the

Universe AS ALWAYS By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

CELL GROWTH

Professor John Tyler Bonner notes than an averagesize cell contains about 200 million million molecules. A human being is made

up of over a million million cells.

This means that cells beginning with the original fertilized egg divide forty or more times, with all cells dividing each time to produce double the number.

The ONLY Official Missionary Bible of

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

This superb bible, printed and bound in England by craftsSUBTERRANEAN WATER men at the Cambridge University Press, was created to

The average ground water in become part of your life... a muchloved and muchused

North America is estimated to be companion. For this reason the Official Missionary Bible is

equivalent to a layer 100 feet thick. made to last a lifetime, and contains the most comprehendistributed,If evenly of each the sive LDS materials available. million inhabitants have250 would

gallons. Probablyabout 750 million Check these features Official LDS Ready References, prepared by of the suronly 10 percent about

face rocks are such as gravel, James E. Talmadge under the direction of the General Authorities

sandstone, and limestone that yield A 160page bible dictionary 152page concordance of key words water readily to wells. If the water Bible maps in color, with a complete gazetteer Center column

is pumped out faster than it is references - selfpronouncing Genuine Morocco leather binding with replenished, problems develop, overlapping cover and 23 carat gold edges... the finest binding availsuch as the draining of the aquifer able! Easyto-read Cameo type face, printed on the finest and

near Lubbock, Texas, the intrusion especially forof saline water at Baltimore, Marystrongest India paper Ruled sheets of notepaper—

land, and other places, or the students and missionaries.

settling of the land surface in

Mexico City and parts of the Central Valley of California. In the AVAILABLE AT ALL

DESERET BOOK STORESCentral Valley of California the AND DEALERS net withdrawal of ground water in or order by mail from...the decade ending 1953 was about HeretCOMPANY Book 44 East South Temple

4 million acrefeet, of which about 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

half was squeezed out by com2472 WASHINGTONSALT LAKEBLVD.,CITY OGDEN (Utah 3H7<residentssalespleasetax) add

pacting and hence available only 777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA DESERET BOOK WILL PAY

once. THE POSTAGE ON ALL

MAIL ORDERS!

SEPTEMBER 1966 753

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Contents for September 1966 Volume 69, Number 9

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

848 - Ed 782785The Editor's Page: The Holiness of Marriage, 753,760,Art: - MaryonDon Doxey

President David 0. McKay 764 768 -MaryonDale Kilbourn and Ed

Your Question: Does the Church Own Stock in the CocaCola Company? 774773 -—RalphDouglasReynoldsJohnson

President Joseph Fielding Smith 766 775791,—794Jon—AndersonMaurice Scanlon

The Church Moves On, 763; Melchizedek Priesthood: A Forward Look, 820; Presiding 806797 -- CarolBill WhitakerHablutzel

Bishopric's Page, 822. 820824 -—TedVirginiaNagataSargent

827 - Phyllis Luch Special Features 840845847—JerrySherryThompsonJohnson

Inspirational Stories in the Life of President David O. McKay 768 Lettering:

Home Happiness 773 764, 788, 806 - Maurice Scanlon

Out of the Canyon... Into the World, George T. Durrant 774 Photos:765, 792 - Ralph Clark

The Era Asks About New Converts Throughout the World 779 787779781—LorinErnstWigginsWittke

The Boyhood of Joseph Smith, S. Dilworth Young. 782 833836846—EldonDoyleLinschotenL. Green

Swing and Sway with MIA, Mabel Jones Gabbott 786

Were the Golden Plates Made of Tumbaga? Read Putnam 788

Genealogy: The Branch Genealogical Library 790

Communication: Your Golden Moments, Duane Hiatt 792

Since Cumorah, Hugh Nibley - 794

Teaching: What Is Faith? Neil J. Flinders 796

The Conquest of Habit, Harlan House.'. 798

Best of Movies, Howard Pearson 815

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 799, 800, 802, 832

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 753; These Times: A New Look at Physical

Fitness, G. Homer Durham, 760; Buffs and Rebuffs, 758.

The Era of Youth 833 The Last Word - - 848 Family and Home Features THE COVER Today's Family, Florence B. Pinnock, Editor Young church members from

Wide Awake at Noon 824 Norway,Sweden poseDenmark,on a hillFinland,overlookingand

Home, Sweet Home 827 theSweden,beautifulfor thiscity month'sof Stockholm,cover picture. The occasion was a youth

Stories, Poetry Festivalconferenceof calledthe North.Festinord—

Heart's Gambit, Richard L. Sargent 776 building(See alsoinErathe ofcenterYouth.)is the Tall

Poetry - 756, 804, 806, 809, 814, 828 teenagers,Stockholm dressedTown Hall.in nativeThe costumes

that they wore for several festival events, are ( see sketch above ) ( 1 ) Sidsel Jacobsen, Norway;

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 (3)(2) PalleGunnarSorensTjellden,en, Denmark;Sweden;

Kristina Tholin, Sweden; (4)

Editor; Editor; L. Zobell, Research Albert Jr., Managing L. Evans, Darold L. Green, Richard O. M. Marlowe, David Doyle Mabel and ) ( McKay Kerstin Sweden; Hamp, 5

Editor; B. Editorial Associates; Family Pinnock, Marion Era Hanks, Editors;Knowles, D. The Florence Todays Todd, Gabbott, Eleanor M. Jones Jay Olsson, Orjan Sweden; (6) Editor; Associate Art Director; Youth Keith General Era Reynolds, Youth Era Montacue, Cannon, The The Youth Ralph Elaine of of Norby, Njal Norway; Artof (7) Artist. Price, Director; F. Staff Editor;Norman

( ) 8 Bente Bakken, Norway; Editors. Contributing S. Gardiner, A. Harris, Sidney B. Sperry, Nebley, Franklin G, Alma Durham, Hugh Homer

Bogel, Finland; Hannele (9) Subscription F. S. Associate Business Snarr, General Manager; Manager; Manager; Scott, Jr.,Florence Jacobsen, General Verl Smith, A. Glen G. Carlos Jr.,

Rita Finland. Paakkenen, S. Representatives. Advertising (10) Director; Evans, Smith, Glenn Thayer

General Superintendent, Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, 1966, and published by the Mutual

Associations Church of The Improvement tions, 2 years, $5.75; 3 years, $8.25; each succeedingof Jesus Christyear, of$2.50Latterdaya year addedSaints. toAll therightsthreereserved.year price.Subscription price, $3.00 a year, in advance; multiple subscripEntered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, act

of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918.

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance and must be accomCover lithographed in full color

sufficient postage return. panied for delivery and by by Deseret News Press

Thirty required for of address. notice change When changesdays'unless as cannot old well as address the be madeis the neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address

754 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

9KKAti>ttU)

This 12volurne boxed TREASURY OF INSPIRATION yours for only $1.00

WITH MEMBERSHIP IN CHRISTIAN HERALD'S FAMILY BOOKSHELF

to this are invited su-... you accept for only $1.00

collection classics literary bestloved of the Yesperb of our heritage... works to be read again and again, to study

deeply... books to live by, each one rich with ideas which

can literally work miracles in your life. You'll find inspiring prayers and majestic poems, uplifting words to help

strengthen your faith, essays and stories which have stirred the hearts of countless people. You would expect to pay at

least $14.95 for this Treasury, but as a new member of

the Family Bookshelf, you may have it for only $1.00 on

this unprecedented offer!

<r4rxi<r>c>t<7343g Famous Here'syou atowonderfuljoin ChristianopportunityHerald'sfor yourFREE familyBONUSlibraryBOOKS.withYou'llespeciallybuild

Works Family Bookshelf and become a part valuable, handsomelybound volof our national Crusade against the umes worth up to $7.95 each...

IMITATION THE OF GREATEST THE of "literature"wave to sent obscene one you which Bonus Book FREE by IN OF CHRIST THE THING is violating our country, sweeping selections for each two you buy

A. Kempis Thomas by Henry WORLD schools, this after even our entering Offer. Joining homes

... reading. Drummond. must

with young you reward To.. OF FRIENDSHIP DOCUMENTS for joining will send you BOOKS. CHOOSE we YOUR YOU NOW,children... by. essays DEMOCRACY selections adreview in your the You magnificent 12volume boxed. our which shaped greatRalph Waldo

in vance Preview""Bookshelf the Treasury Inspiration of for only history. Emerson.

fine. of these Each volumes ro senr each you you and month, at will SI. then, begin you 00 DIAOF ACRES SONNETS is 6 1/2 size, "in as reject selections x accept or to benefits once.. enjoy these may AVi"unique.. OF. Russell by SHAKESPEARE MONDS

. luxbeautifully.. printed returning a. and of even. you book. membership H. beautiful most Conwell choose—

it! if a uriously don't within in matching poetry. you want English week world bound famous.

red leatherette with genuine A A TREASURY CHR I STMAS stamping. gold the PRAYERS... imGREAT CAROL, A handsome OF YEAR'Srich yourBESTlife withREADING.the mostYou'llthrillingenaAndmonthyou don't—onlyhavefourto takeduringa bookthe traditional design graces mortal story by 10 for all times and novels, nature stories, biographies, coming year.

both back and front covers. Charles Dickens. everywhere. inspirational works, adventure and

start not tales membership published each LIVE year Why SEVEN REASONS WHAT MEN is a genuine Each volume NOW stories BY. the A SCIENTIST WHY Treasury while of 12volume to connot guaranteed each book collector's the item, and by 11 Tolstoy... BELIEVES Leo for Inspiration only can line! IN GOD.—missionarytain be yours offensive a single or word is collection a 5 complete

folks OF of JESUS enhave SI. 00? Thousands

to MUST for your family. FAVORITETIONAL keep POEMS... their In in rolled Club Can the "Book You UNIQUE BOOK SAVINGS. INSPIRA12 SAYINGS all masterpieces..by..ayoubookalways. publishers'editions, are regular Family joining other Trust"; thousands

Bookshelf selections retail at up to now. Isn't THIS your opportunity to

$6.95 each—but as a member, you add your strength to this Crusade to

Start Membership With Any of These Volumes Or receive selections of your choice at help stem the tide of filth threatensavings as high as 60%; you never ing our families? Then—choose a

Dual Selections (Values up to $9.45) for only $3.00! paya fewmorecentsthanfor postage$3.00 perand book,handling.plus Joiningbelow today!Book and mail the coupon

436. 360. WanderRobert

THESE Frost: TWO ing The Aim Through

BOOKS COUNT Song. Was Jean Edwin THIS MAIL COUPONWITHOUT MONEYTODAY! D7. AS ONE. Gould. a I e. Superb Te WayWinter. Beyond Our Pulitzer Prizebiography.

Selves Cathby winner! Pub. Pub. price,

erine Marshall IEEX-16 CHRISTIAN HERALD'S FAMILY BOOKSHELF price, $4.40 $6.50

Doe, and John St., East 9 York, N.Y. 38th 10016 New

Disciple Peby Christ 66. and Folk117. and ter Marshall. Please Arts. send 12volume Fine boxed my of me Treasury Inspiration the and theFairy E. Tales. Their wonderC0&

I 1 P. Joining indicated have Book circling Cynthia by of the below. one Enroll numbers N.& ful secrets of MB art I 100 Hi* Maus. a as of Christian me Herald's Family member bill Bookshelf only and meEds. Protter,Tales richer, fuller making 1 retreasures for $1.00 the Treasury for Joining and far off Book, $3.00 plus a smallfrom my lives postage for every member Pub. produced.

Ilands. Pub. charge. and handling of to at least agree family. purchase the four Club selecmore Comb. price, $6.95price, $4.95 price, pub. $9.45 tions will in advise and I you of advance each If me selection. month's

not a selection, want notify only within you the time prescribed. A do 118. Familiar

For additional each booksI need this two accept after introductory I will offer, Birds. THESE TWO 325. Garden Man Paul:Who

BOOKS COUNT receive a the Changed to FREE worthI H. H. up Bonus Book $7.95. Collins.

D23. AS ONE. World... H. Buckspecies 75

In Streams the master.! Fabu66 117 118 D7 D23 illustrated 325 360 403 436

Desert. Comp. lous tale! Pub. price, Pub.

Mrs. price, by Chas. $4.50, $7.95

E. Cowman. A Name daily InspiraTreasure5. All 403. the

tional mesofPromises Chest. Chas.

sage. Touch A Bible. Herthe Ed. Address. Wallis, Greatness. of E. Haroldbert Lockyer. Giant album great Kohn. people How encyDetailed quotations. of way! that Comb. becameclopedia! Pub. City Illus. -State. Pub. -Zipprice, pub. $8.50price, $4.95 price, $4.95

SEPTEMBER 1966 755

Master Index

to Church Periodicals

A master index of all major publications of the Church is now available. The index, published by

gel the library at Brigham Young

University, indexes by subject and author all editorial matter appear- \ ing in five major church publications: The Improvement Era, The

Relief Society Magazine, The Instructor, Church News, and The

Children's Friend.

Full bibliographic information is given each entry, including notes

V"V photographs.on useful illustrations, maps, and

The paperbound index is printed distributed a #y monthly month and y/*/<? of distribution the following the

periodicals. The December issue is

a yearend hardbound edition of the monthly indexes.

Purchasers may subscribe to either the yearend volume ( $7.95

or the monthly indexes plus the

V. yearend volume ($10.00). Write

to Extension Publications, Division of Continuing Education, Herald

R. Clark Building, Brigham Young

University, Provo, Utah 84601.

Information appearing in the publications during the first half of 1966 has already been indexed. The Voice

TO PRESIDENT MCKAY

BY ZARA SABIN ofa Prophet brings its lamps with it."—Joubert A new and vital record album for every L.D.S. "The evening of a wellspent life

family, in honor of President David 0. McKay Your evening has come, but though

on his birthday. Hear the Prophet's voice in it is so, The lamps of your intellect firmly

these latter days, with words of inspiration on glow the Home, the Individual, Spirituality, Aswhotheywilldid in your youth; and all

Liberty, Marriage, the Restored Gospel and May sit at your feet and hear what many other topics. Smallthe Still,Voice has carved in your

Order your album for $3.95 postpaid directly mind through years

Of patient study and toil and tears.

from Division of Communication Services, that your evening's "dews Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah, Weandpraydamps"84601. Also available through many local May never extinguish the light of

your lamps!

L.D.S. book dealers.

756 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA VIRCIL FOX PLAYS THE BALDWIN ORGAN

B

jT "VIRGIL FOX RECORDED CONCERT Here's my $2. Type of record I want is (please check)

Stereo Q Q Monaural'

;,,.. Name j:

Address.

City.State..Zip Code,

My Chiifr.h

My Official Capacity.

k. -*S

Here's your ticket to an exciting

Virgil Fox concert on the Baldwin Model 1L

Virgil Fox's ability to get the most from any pipe organ, large or small, is undisputed. That's why we asked him PROGRAM

to perform his most exacting pipe organ repertoire on Haendel: Allegro from Concerto No. 4 in F

the Baldwin Model 11. First, listen to his recorded Bach: Adagio from Toccata, Adagio and Fugue in C

concert by yourself. Then, when you're convinced of Fugue a la Gigue in G

the superb quality of the Baldwin Model 11, play the Schumann: Canon in B Minor, Op. 56 No. 5

record for the members of your organ committee; let Sketch in F Minor, Op. 58 No. 3

them hear for themselves why the Model 11 is so outBoellmann: Gothique Suite, Op. 25

standing. And you might remind them that the Baldwin 1.) Introduction—Choral 3.) Priere a Notre Dame

Model 11 is an electronic organ. 2.) Menuet Gothique 4.) Toccata

Reserve your seat at the "concert"by mailing the Dupre: Prelude and Fugue in G Minor

coupon with $2.

Baldwin

SEPTEMBER 1966 757.,

VITAL ENERGY

FOR FAMILY FUN

Buffs and Rebuffs

Vital energy from 100% whole grain flour. Stone grind it yourself—add to

your family fun—increase your enjoyment

of life. Bake your bread, rolls and cakes Bishop's Testimonies June Cover

with all the natural vita- I enjoy very much the personal exmins of the whole grain periences and testimonies of the I have been especially proud of the the years. pictures through cover reported bishops "Presiding the on Erain the flour you use.

issue, received our June Bishopric's times Page."WRITE TODAY But when I need a we At

Buy a LEE MILL FOR FULL personal testimonyDonaldto giveHustonme a boost. twisted,I was amazeddistortedandpicturesickenedon thebycover.the

Let family your judge. INFORMATION Phoenix, Arizona L.Z.Washington forSend 5 lbs. Deaf

Smith County Whole AND FREE News Travels Slowly favorable and comment While much onlyGrain Flour, $1.50, received conbeen has correspondence RECIPES. To: Deseret Book Company

inStone a Lee Ground the developed fisheye cerning newly Salt City, Lake Utah

Mill. lens'Square, treatment we of Temple inquiring concerning the rights I am

to a now defunct publication called respect your opinion.

Era, published The Improvement by LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY

Dept. IE-9-66 Inspirational Magazine Christ of Latterof Jesus The Church

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee, Wis. 53201 day Saints in the early part of the

century. If you could direct us to the I have just subscribed to your wonhouse that holds the rights on this derful magazine within the last five

publication, we would certainly appremonths and wish to say that it is the ciate it. most valued and inspirational magaJerry Sullivan zine I have in my home. I was very

Western Publications impressed as I read the messages

Austin, Texas given at the recent conference.

Shirley Porter At times in the past 69 years we Los Angeles might have looked dead, but far from being defunct, the Era is very much Conference Addresses is alive. circulation Current monthly

I to looking been forward have 91 235,000 with nearly approximately issues. conference the getting general the in percent subscribers the of

is I can't so print small the that But eight outside U.S., percent about

it. old, I years 83 read and am my 1.2 the (or U.S., percent 3,000 and

it, is also cannot neighbor, read who subscribers) in the state great of old. possible to it be years 93 Would Texas—pardner. in the conference addresses have

From Viet Nam larger print? Matilda L. Mortensen

I am writing from the northern Ogden, Utah highlands of South Viet Nam to thank We regret any inconvenience the

Prices you for your wonderful coverage of type size used for general conference are LOW theing Churchto Viet inNamPolynesia.I was stationedBefore comin addressescause our causesgreatestsomedesirereaders,is to bebe

in Idaho Hawaii, and your May article brought read; but in order for us to carry all

back many memories of the Saints conference addresses, we must use a

I there. well the so people remember size slightly smaller type and less

all styles L.D.S. 50 include temple Some their hearts to me, opened and who lines. space between the white

in latest designs white and parchments. plan helped temple a bishop who me

napkins, Matching albums, other Mormon marriage. Film Family Award accessories. rush service. order day One seen in Viet death I have Here Nam

in its ugliest form and compassion at The idea for an award to the studio its heartwarming best. The war producing the year's most outstanding

brings men very close to God. This family motion picture is excellent.

closeness has given me a chance for Your reviews are also helpful guides

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded missionary work—almost more than I in choosing an evening of clean enter-

I of tainment. the blessing welcome can handle. first order. mail desired.) on (50c if air family Partridge Edward extra duty. 83440 this Rexburg, REXCRAFT, Idaho Texas 1st San Antonio, G. Miles Lt. Richard

Name - Viet Nam (Continued on page 818)

Address

City. Zone. State -

758 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA byNOBLE IDEASSLTThe largest selection of books, records, and genealogical materials to help you in all aspects of everyday living, church work, and understanding the gospel.

PROPHETS AND

PROPHECIES OF THETAKE HEED TO OLD TESTAMENT $4.95

YOURSELVES! $4.95 by Duane S. Crowther

by Joseph Fielding Smith This volume will be an essential

During his 56 years as a General study supplement to the Old TestaAuthority, President Joseph Fieldment. It contains an analysis of the

ing Smith has warned the members doctrinal contributions of the Old of the Church to turn their hearts Testament, valuable charts and maps and their minds to fulfilling the laws in full color, important historical inof the gospel. This forceful and information, a study guide to each of

spiring book is a compilation of some the prophetic books, and course outof his most dynamic sermons given lines for teachers. This comprehenover the years. sive reference work is a must for any

basic Bible library.

FUNDAMENTALS OF

GENEALOGICAL BOOK OF MORMON RESEARCH $2.95

AND PEARL OF GREAT by Laureen R. Jaussi and

PRICE RECORD SETS Gloria D. Chaston

This book is written for the many individuals who want to of $49.95 Book Mormon

$1.40 (add postage if complete—ordering by 'mail) research their own genealogical

Pearl of Great Price $9.95 but who need additional help. For

(add 35<t postage if ordering by mad) the beginning genealogist this is an

A unique and dynamic way of bringpJwiamentAls importantguide. The bookhowto-doitalso containsreferencepreviinto of truths the gospel ing the information unpublished on your "RSARC ously set of includes home. Book Mormon records and their useLDS Church

36 records, with 4 in the Pearl of fulness in genealogical research. The

Great Price set. Talented voices exonly way to learn research is to do

pertly dramatize the full texts of it correctly from the beginning—so

these important L.D.S. scriptures. why not start on FUNDAMENTALS OF GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH?

Order From

Deseret Book, 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 or 777 South Main, Orange, California 92669

Please send me: BOOK OF MORMON AND PEARL OF GREAT PRICE RECORDS

PROPHETS AND PROPHECIES OF THE OLD TESTAMENT

TAKE HEED TO YOURSELVES!

FUNDAMENTALS OF GENEALOGICAL RESEARCH

Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake store add Z l/z% sales tax to total cost. California residents ordering from Orange add 4% sales tax tteseretCOMPANY Book tax to total cost. Check/money order enclosed $,

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL including record postage. J Or, bill me, I have an account.

CITY SALT LAKE BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN Name

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA Address

City State Zip

(IF YOU HAVEN'T ALREADY OPENED AN ACCOUNT AT DESERET BOOK - DO IT NOW!)

Your kitchen stays cleaner when you THESE TIMES By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe

ELECTRIC

Nothing is cleaner than a kilowatt—no

products of combustion - <\

New Look

vigorous living."In addition, there

must be "a comfortable margin for at Physical emergencies."

See the smart new Those lacking organic capacity. electric range models certainly have little or nothing left Fitness

at your dealer's now. for the emergencies of daily life.

What man does to maintain his Speaking to their university colIf it's electric, its better! physical vigor in onr present civileagues, both faculty and student,

lization "is at the lowest ebb in Professor Lavik and associates say:

UTAH POWER I LIGHT COMPANY history."This is the judgment of "What a wonderful institution

Professors Rudolph H. Lavik, Kenyours would be if every student

neth A. Penman, Norris J. Steverand every faculty member would

son, and Artnoll L. Wegner. run a mile a day and read an extra

CoJwncu WHEAT MILL It is deceptive, they say, for one book per week."Some scoff. Others

by UNIVERSAL for use to look at the statistics of greater remember the Hellenic ideal, the corn, nuts, wheat, with etc. Easily for longevity and the growing freedom outbursts of ideas and culture of adjusts

fine or coarse grinding. from organic disease and to conthat age.

$7.95 clude that we are healthy. Health, Today, says Lavik, too many

Plus 90c Postage according to Dr. J. F. Williams, is have forgotten what it feels like

residents Utah add the quality of life "that enables a to experience buoyancy. Too many

the mill, 28c and on 49c on the breadperson to live most and serve best."are "as close to the grave as we

mixer for sales tax. As professors of physical educawill ever be, except for severe illquantity "Special"

prices to c h u r c h tion, these men argue that ness."Lack of organic vitality regroups! modern men are unconcerned sults in aches and pains in various

about their own organic vigor and parts of the body due to the intoo often take it for granted until ability of the muscles to accommoBREADMIXER-- posture."late. Diabetes, date sleeping is too objective of The a bread batch for 1 to 4 itmakes

of system, vigor, hypertension the nervous as organic requisite to sucloaves $13.95 postpaid to you. cessful living, is being neglected. and other psychosomatic disorders

Is it a gift? We'll mail it for you... They concede the importance of "result from lethargy."Socrates'

MOHtr SACK GUAMffiEE intellectual development. It is charge to Epigenes is cited: "Since

necessary to recognize the "partnerthe body must bear its part in ship between hand and brain that whatever men do, it is of the utled to man's intellectual developmost importance to have it in the ment."However, we are forgetting best possible condition!'

that our emotions "are linked with Aspirin, sleeping pills, alcohol, our large muscles."Hence, too and other potions do not do the job.

many people have emotional and To keep oneself "physically strong, disturbances. "Physiopsychological mentally and morally awake,

... 12 quart capacity stainless steel mixelse. straight"requires logical fitness,"something in a they declare

..ing.. lifetime rod. tindipped pail.

with aluminum lid... size 12"x 12"x 14"memorandum of fitness, strength, These contemporary professors

... FREE "old time"bread recipes included endurance, and flexibility, "involves of a neglected subject prescribe inwith each mixer. Ends tedious kneading. the idea that a certain capacity is creased attention to organic vigor

Send orders to: needed to meet the challenges of as the foundation of physical, menSMITHFIELD IMPLEMENT CO.

99 N. MAIN SMITHFIELD, UTAH

760 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA your cnoice

When you join LDS Books Club and make your first regular Club selection

tal, and emotional fitness. There

are many aspects of strength, but neglect of the big muscles, especially in our tensionwrought civilization, is a prime sin.

"Basically there are two fundamental ways"to build big muscle 1. Elder Hugh B. Brown hits 2. Elder Ezra Taft Benson Is 3. E. Cecil McGavin answers

strength in the human body. "One straight from the shoulder courageous and frank in his questions and criticism arising

is to overload the muscle task so shows youth the tragedy that discussion of issues and trends from similarities between Latterthe indulgences believes and results which he from ritual Saint of the day will day Temple andthat is required a strenuous effort a rightof of happiness eternity eventually destroy our rituals free agency. of the and symbolsfor accomplishment."The marriage. other is eous fraternity. Masonic

"to speed up the movement intensely."A combination of thetwo is the basis of good exercise, Make your first Club selection from these books

plus the suggestion that "a person is more certain of satisfactory re- 4. THE MAGIC OF 5. THOUGHTS FOR Vh MINUTE 6. THE LAW OF THE HARVEST TALKS MORMONISM

ifsults to exerts a himself he

R. Lindsay by

1 Sterling by W. Sil

Earl Stowell by limit."psychological maximum Curtis Fiftytwo thought

: i daythe Explains

I parables. provoking stimuli thatRecognizing unusual lessons operation of Timely byday and Harvest Elder Acclaimed

fascinating thoughts the Church, Espe- a thatare present always not and Sill's literary finest lor talks. for Splendid cially converts.

achievement.

all. is difficult to determine, for readingmaximum

these colleagues suggest that a $3.50 $3.00 $3.50

sound psychological limit "is to try what can be mastered under 7. A PENNY EARNED 8. BIGGER THAN YOURSELF 9. THE THIRD THOUSAND

YEARS J. by Wendell and by Howard conditions."ordinary flPENNy Cleon by W. Ruth Lowe Ashton rescardiovascular For example, THETHIRB

Skousen into insights Clear, Keen understandTHOL. is essential: efficiencypiratory

lives the of ordinary sweeping The into insight able YEARS of Biblical who performed events men art of successthe time outstanding acfrom managestrength in the heart, arteries, theful money drama veins, capillaries; efficiency in inment. complishments. Abraham. of

haling; transportation of oxygen in $3.00 $3.25 $5.95

the blood to active cells; expiration

of carbon dioxide from the lungs. (Good only in U.S. and Canada. Residents of Utah add 3'A% sales ta

"There are several ways to imPleasecircled sendbook: as(circlemy specialone number)$1.00 membership1 2 bonus3 the followin

prove cardiovascular respiratory efficiency,"the report says. "As in Also, send the following circled book(s) as my first regular LC

development of strength, the overBooks Club selection: 4 5 6 7 8 9

load principle must be utilized. A Checkis enclosedor moneyas paymentorder in forthe myamountfirst Clubof $ selection plus $1.00 for

person can never improve his my special membership bonus book.,

capacity for endurance unless he Enroll me as an LDS Books Club member and send me monthly reviews! hereby agree to

works to a point of temporary exatpurchasethe regulara minimumadvertisedof 4 price.regular(PremiumClub selectionsbook foror alternatesjoining doesduringnot qualifythe nextas12a monthsregular

or alternate.) selection Club distancehaustion. running Long

I accept. books I will receiveI maya valuableresign at bonusany timebookafterfreepurchasing—a saving4 ofbooks.20%. For each the bestis probably ways. 4 one of

Endurance may also be improved (Continued on page 819) ADDRESS.

P.O. BOX 400

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84110 CITY STATE. ZIP

SEPTEMBER 1966 761 recommended LDS reading list

1. Pathways to Happiness 12. Bigger Than Yourself 16. Evidences & Reconciliations, 20. Prophecy, Key to Future

by David 0, McKay $3.95 by Wendell J. Ashton $3.25 3 Volumes in One by Duane Crowther $3.95

2. The Abundant Life 13. Third Thousand Years by John A. Widtsoe $3.95 21. You and Your Marriage

by Hugh B. Brown $3.95 by W. Cleon Skousen $5.95 17. Just to Illustrate by Hugh B. Brown $2.75

3. J. Golden Kimball by LeGrand Richards $3.25

by Claude Richards $3.95 14. The Day They Martyred the 18. Life of Wilford Woodruff 22. What Shall We Do With

4. L.D.S. Children's Storybook Prophet by Matthias F. Cowley $4.50 Love?

by Fern Hunter $3.00 by Henry A. Smith $3.25 19. Messages of the 1st Presiby Ernest Eberhard, Jr. $3.25

5. Jacob Hamblin 15. Faith Works dency, Vol. 1 23. You Too Can Teach

by Paul Bailey $3.95 by Mark E. Petersen $3.50 by James R. Clark $4.50 by Dunn and Parker $3.00

6. In the Gospel Net

by John A. Widtsoe $2.25

7. Doctrinal New Testament

Commentary by Bruce R. McConkie $7.50

8. Gifts of the Spirit

by Duane S. Crowther $3.95

9. Magic of Mormonism

by Earl Stowell $3.50

10. Thoughts for Vk Minute

Talks by Dr. Lindsay R.Curtis $3,00

11. What Doth It Profit

by Sterling W. Sill $3.50

762 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On

JUNE 1966

The First Presidency announced the following mission president appointments: Karl M. Richards of Orem, Utah, formerly a member of the Detroit (Michigan) Stake high council;

Morris A. Kjar, bishop of the University Third Ward, University

(Salt Lake City) Stake; John H. Meyers, first counselor in the

Fullerton (California) Stake presidency; Rex N. Terry, second

counselor in the Fullerton (California) presidency. Stake

Presidency The First fields the announced of labor of mission Once they try itpresidents called during recent months. The new presidents, their

fields of labor, and the presidents they replace are:

Robert L. Backman, Northwestern States, Ivan J. Barrett. Myron O. Bangerter, North German, L. Garrett Myers. People buy it!

Reid E. Bankhead, Cumorah, H. Lester Peterson.

Horace P. Beesley, Central German, Valdo D. Benson.

Egbert J. Brown, Scottish, David B. Haight. FREE SLICES MAKE BENSON'S

Robert H. Burton, Chilean, Carl J. Beecroft.

George I. Cannon, Central British, Joy E. Dunyon. THE BEST FUND RAISER!

Don L. Christensen, Danish, R. Earl Sorensen.

Jon Duns, Jr., Ralian (new mission). Club members enjoy selling BenRaymond W. Eldredge, East Central States, Alvin D. Chace. son's Old Home Fruit Cake—not

John G. Groberg, Tongan, Patrick D. Dalton. just because it is profitable. It's

Warren W. Henderson, Northern States, Edward A. Nadle. so rewarding to give free slices to

Lloyd R. Hicken, Brazilian, Wayne M. Beck. prospects, to watch their faces

Arza A. Hinckley, AlaskanCanadian, Stewart A. Durrant. light up at the taste, to sell them

D. Crawford Houston, California South (new mission). a cake. No other fund raising

Leo M. Jacobsen, Norwegian, Dean A. Peterson. productsales appeal,can matchprofit perBenson'ssale, overfor

Reid H. Johnson, Swedish, Alvin W. Fletcher. all campaign strategy, repeat busiMorris A, Kjar, New Zealand South, Archie L. Boyack. ness opportunity.

John H. Meyers, Andes South (new mission). Since 4 out of 5 families will

James M. Paramore, FrancoBelgian, Joseph T. Edmunds. serve fruit cake this fall, why not

Udell E. Poulsen, Finnish, John M. Asplund. sell them Benson's—a good cake

Don H. Rasmussen, California, Phil D. Jensen. for your good cause! And fill your

Karl M. Richards, FrenchPolynesian, Thomas R. Stone. treasury!

Glen L. Rudd, Florida, Edwin C. Winder. Mail coupon today for brochure

Homer S. Satterfield, North Central States, McKay Allphin. and 10 free tasting slices. No obVerl F. Scott, Western States, R. Crawford Davis. ligation!

Rex N. Terry, Argentine, Arthur H. Strong.

Arthur R. Watkins, Austrian, J. Peter Loscher.

Orin R. Woodbury, Hawaii, George W. Poulsen, Jr. BENSON'S OLD HOME FRUIT CAKE

245 N. Thomas Street P. 0. Box 1432G2

Athens, Georgia 30601 Gleaner and a daylong banquet A Master M ManGolden

Please rush color brochure and free ten selling conferinstitute were the preJune among camp YWMIA slices of Benson's Sliced Old Fruit Cake. Home

today. ence events

Search was halted for Elder Russell L. Anderson, 21, of Santa NAME

Monica, California, serving in the Andes Mission, now presumed ADDRESS air killed avalanche. and parties had ground Andes Both by an

that the has CITY.STATE. in missionary in the the search participated ten days

been missing. ZIP CODE.PHONE.

ORGANIZATION the 67th morning annual MIA summer On this brilliant in the Tabernacle. The POSITION IN ORGANIZATION conference convened of the Church

June conference theme was "MIA—(Continued on page 808) (We can honor only those inquiries that list organ

ization names, since we sell only through civic, church, community and school groups.)

SEPTEMBER 1966 763 The exalted view of marriage as held by this young men and women who are active in the

Church is given expressively in five words found in auxiliaries.

the 49th section of the Doctrine and Covenants: How may you know when you are truly in love?

"... marriage is ordained of God...."(D&C 49:15.) That is a question that worries youth. A young man

In this revelation is set forth clearly the significance who thinks that he is in love with a girl will dream of marriage in the Church of Jesus Christ. Marriage about her and piningly yearn for her company. Six

is not something to be entered into lightly, terminated months later, however, he may meet another young at pleasure, or ended at the first difficulty that lady with whom he is sure he is in love. Girls also

might arise. have their "Prince Charmings"and wonder with which

To the Latterday Saint, marriage is a divine ordiones they are truly in love.

nance; we look upon the home as the best security If you think a girl is the sweetest, most beautiful

of civilization and upon properly conducted homes creature on earth, ask yourself these questions: "Does

in which intelligent parenthood directs as the best she inspire me to do my best? Do I feel that I want

means of the improvement of mankind. It is in such to accomplish somthing in life in order to be worthy

homes that the virtues that produce true manhood of her, or does she appeal only to my baser nature?"

and beautiful womanhood are fostered. If the latter, you are not in love. You are infatuated.

Marriage, therefore, in the light of revelation is an If the first, she is probably worthy of your closer institution with the stamp of divinity upon it, and attention.

no person and no state can deprecate that institution Young lady, does he inspire you to wish, with with impunity. When Jesus referred to marriage, he Portia, that you were a thousand times more beautiassociated with it the eternal idea: "What... God ful, ten thousand times richer? That is what Portia

hath joined together, let no man put asunder."wished when Bassanio chose the box that held Portia

(Matt. 19:6.) as the prize. In other words, you distinguish between

The problem of choosing a proper, congenial mate the one who just arouses your baser nature and the is very vital. It is said that the best and noblest lives one who inspires you to do your best.

are those that are set toward high ideals. Truly, no Look for distinguishing qualities. Note whether he

higher ideal regarding marriage can be cherished is unselfish. (I use the pronoun "he"as meaning

by young people than to look upon it as a divine young man or young lady.) Be careful not to choose

institution. a selfish person. Marriage is a state in which each

Young men and young women, the achievement of must give, not take entirely.

a happy marriage begins in childhood and youth. The Does he control himself? Has he mastery over his

opportunity for marriage begins in your early days temper and mastery over his tongue? Selfcontrol is

in school. The young girl who develops her talents a great virtue. It is a contributing factor to a happy

is more likely to find a good mate than one who sits home. There will be many times after you marry

at home, refusing to go out in society. when you will be provoked to say something with

The boy who also develops his talents is more likely passion and condemnation. If you have selfcontrol,

to find a mate than one who sits by the television. In you will not speak the condemnatory word, because

other words, associations are conducive to happy there may be a retaliatory reply that may result in marriages, because you become acquainted one with a quarrel. Refrain from saying those things that

another. You have more opportunities for choice. will cause a wound in the heart of the other.

In this connection, think for a moment what Has he reverence for sacred things? Has he deferthe Church offers to its members, particularly to the ence for old people? If he is irreverent, if he mocks

Some frank advice to young people who are contemplating marriage. THE EDITOR'S PAGE

764 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA at that which is sacred, you will be wise not to choose worthy to have their marriage performed in the temhim for a mate. Is he profane? Does he take the ple of the Most High. There, as true lovers kneel

name of God in vain? I think I would avoid him. to plight their troth, each may cherish the assurance

Profanity is a vice, an indulgence that lowers the of the following:

moral standard of the home. First, that their married course begins in purity.

If I were you, I would also look to see whether or The children who come to bless the union are guarannot he has the ability to succeed financially. You teed a royal birth as far as inheriting a clean body

have to live with him; he has to support a family. is concerned.

You may have to help him. The man should be the Second, that their religious views are the same.

provider, but many an adequate income is lost by The difficulty of rearing children properly is aggrapoor budgeting in the kitchen and elsewhere. vated when father and mother have divergent views

Young man, don't put off marriage too long simply regarding doctrine and church affiliation. (This is anbecause you think you cannot supply the girl with the other great advantage of seminaries, Mutual Improvecomforts she had in her own home. You will find ment Associations, and Sunday School: you meet

that the girls are willing to help. But never lose those of your own faith.)

sight of the fact that marriage is for the purpose of Third, that their vows are made with the idea of rearing families, having children. That is fundamental. eternal union, not to be broken by petty misunderWhat about marriage in the temple? The eternity standings or difficulties.

of the marriage covenant has its base in the eternal Fourth, that a covenant made in God's presence truth of the immortality of the soul. and sealed by the Holy Priesthood is more binding

Jesus is generally recognized by great thinkers as than any other bond.

the greatest philosopher, the greatest teacher, that Fifth, that a marriage thus commenced is as eternal ever walked the earth. He accepted the immortality as love, the divinest attribute of the human soul.

of the soul without question. Sixth, that the family unit will remain unbroken

To members of the Church he is God made manithroughout eternity.

fest in the flesh. He lived before he came. He acYouth of the Church, God bless you to keep your

cepted the hereafter as you accept your sleep tonight lives unpolluted, that you may go in prayer to God or the sunshine tomorrow. He said: "In my Fathers and ask him to guide you in choosing your mates and,

house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would when chosen, that you will both so live that you

have told you."(John 14:2.) He did not argue it. To can enter the house of God. Thus, if he were present

him it was an accepted fact. Upon the eternal truth and asked you about your lives, you could answer him

of immortality rests the value, the importance, of honestly, "Yes, we are clean."

marriage in the temple. A marriage begun on that basis will bring you the

Temple marriage is fundamentally appealing, it is happiness, the sweetest joy known in this life or scientifically sound, and any young man who takes throughout eternity.

his sweetheart to a temple should go there with the understanding that their union is to be just as eternal as the love that has brought them to the altar.

Young men and young women who would live the happiest lives would do well to prepare themselves to be worthy of that form of marriage that

God has ordained—the union of a man and woman

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

SEPTEMBER 1966 765 We have heard Church of Jesus Christ reports that The of Latterday Saints is Question a heavy stockholder in the beverage company knoion as the CocaCola Company, from which investment it receives large sums of money.

I have been taught that Latterday Saints were to refrain from the use of cola beverages, and this report comes to me with a shock. Is there any truth

to this statement, and if so, how is such a connection justified?

"Does the Church vJavii otocK in trie CocaCola Company?"

Joseph and Fielding President Smith of the of the Council First of the Presidency Twelve answers \bur Question

766 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For some reason this question has /\ *-> QTTT/f detrimental to health, come to me on several occasions from A \L Ai3 VV /A Let us not lose sight of the fact that Answer been Satan is alert and that his mission is to destroy soulscertain sections of the country, but I have never able to trace it to its source. The Church of Jesus and to undermine, if he possibly can, every good and

Christ of Latterday Saints and its leading authorities wholesome commandment and that he cares nothing are in no way associated with nor have stock in the about the health of the mortal body nor the keeping

CocaCola Company. Perhaps some person for some of the commandments of the Lord. On radio and

ulterior purpose circulated this report, evidently entelevision programs you will frequently find alluring deavoring to attack the doctrine of the Church and and enticing advertising of substances that the Lord the teachings of the authorities in relation to the has said are not good for man.

Word of Wisdom. It would be a great blessing to humanity if all such

Personally, I have no knowledge as to the contents could be eliminated, but in my opinion, Satan seemof cola drinks and therefore cannot give expert advice ingly has a great influence on many programs, and as to their contents. However, I have the statement in the most enticing and alluring fashion he is able to

on the examination of a capable chemist that cola picture evils in a manner that appeals particularly to drinks contain caffeine, the element that is so prevathe youth.

lent in coffee and other stimulants. There is one thing Not many years have passed since it was considered

that I do know, however: this stimulating drink is a vile or improper thing to picture on billboards or on

not served in my home, and no matter where I am the screen a woman smoking cigarettes. My mind

I personally avoid it. goes back to the beginning of woman's activity in

If members of the Church would take the time to this direction. I recall seeing on the billboards the

read carefully what the Lord has said to them in the picture of a man and a woman sitting on opposite

Word of Wisdom, Section 89, in the Doctrine and sides of a table as she was lighting his cigarette.

Covenants, and then would heed these sayings, they They did not dare in that day to picture a woman would be greatly benefited. This revelation was given smoking a cigarette. A few years later she had

as a warning to the Latterday Saints. In it tea and become a fullfledged smoker, and today it is the

coffee are not mentioned, but evidently these stimuwoman on the screen who does the effective adverlants were meant among others. In a revelation to the tising of the filthy weed.

Prophet Joseph Smith it was made known in his day One thing we can say for Lucifer, the enemy of all that these two stimulants were included but that the flesh: he is cunning and crafty. He knows all the

revelation was not confined in this counsel just to tricks and has had several thousand years of constant these two beverages. Today many other drinks and practice. His mission from the beginning has been to

beverages have come into general use. Some of these destroy and damn mankind.

are just as harmful—perhaps more so—than are tea As members of the Church we have been taught

and coffee. Nevertheless, members of the Church the Word of Wisdom. We should defend it as well as

should seek for wisdom, and if they will follow the live in accord with it. Our mortal bodies are destined

teachings that have come to us through revelation, to live forever after coming forth from the grave. We

they will learn to avoid many other things that today have been taught by revelation that they who are are offered to an unsuspecting public. The fact is filthy in this life will be filthy still. Therefore, let us

beyond successful dispute or contradiction that some one and all set the example before our fellowmen to stimulants are being offered to the public that are keep our mortal tabernacles sweet and clean.

SEPTEMBER 1966 767 Inspirational Stories from the Li

On September 8, 1966, President David O. McKay, In honoring President McKay on this birthday, the

Prophet, Seer, and Revelator of The Church of Jesus Era is pleased to present some of the faithpromot-

Christ of Latterday Saints, will observe his 93rd ing and humaninterest stories that illustrate the birthday. His has been a life of devoted service to strength of character, wisdom, kindliness, humility,

the Church, to his family, and to his fellowman. and faith of this beloved and revered Prophet of today.

A Holy Man A noted professor from the University of Tehran and an Iranian government minister were visiting in Salt Lake City as guests of Dr. John T. Wahlquist,

president of San Jose State College in California. As they walked up South

Temple Street, Dr. Wahlquist saw President McKay come through the south

gate of Temple Square, heading toward his office in the Church Office Building.

Dr. Wahlquist excused himself momentarily and caught up with President

McKay. He explained who the visitors were, and the Prophet asked to meet

them. He welcomed them to the city and suggested that they might like to

hear the Tabernacle Organ recital. He then insisted upon going into the

Bureau of Information himself to get details on the recital.

While he was gone, the government official asked, "President McKay?

Of what is he the president?"

"The Mormon Church,"he was told. "Salt Lake City is headquarters

of the Mormon Church."

"Oh,"said the visitor. "I can understand now. The moment I saw him

I said to myself, 'There goes a holy man.'

A Tithing Lesson

David and one of his brothers were helping their father in the hayfield.

They had driven out to the field to get the tenth load of hay, going to a part of the meadow from which they had taken the ninth load. "Wire grass"and

"slough grass"were found in this area.

As they started to load the hay, their father called out, "No, boys, drive over to the higher ground."There they would find timothy and redtop, the

finest hay in the field.

David called back, "Let's take the hay as it comes."

"No, David,"his father replied. "That is the tenth load, and the best

is none too good for God."

768 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fe of President McKay DavidQ

An Answered Prayer As a young child, David was often frightened at night. One night he

could not sleep, for he imagined he heard noises around the house.

His brother Thomas was sleeping soundly beside him; his mother was

asleep in a nearby room. Although his fright was increasing, he felt that he

could not awaken them. So he decided to pray.

The real test of his fright came when he felt he had to get out of bed to kneel in prayer. Scared but determined, he finally made it, and he knelt and

prayed to God to protect his family. In answer to his fervent prayer, he

later reported, "A voice, speaking clearly to me, said, 'Don't be afraid. Nothing

will hurt you.'

"The Lord has a work for thee to do"

In July 1887 John Smith, Patriarch to the Church, arrived in Ogden Valley to give blessings to the faithful Saints. He stopped at the home of Bishop David

McKay on Tuesday July 17, 1887, and blessings were given to all the children.

The first to receive a blessing was David O., 13 years of age. When the

Patriarch placed his hands on the boy's head, he uttered words of prophecy:

"Brother David Oman McKay, thou art in thy youth and need instruction;

therefore I say unto thee, be taught of thy parents the way of life and salvation that at an early day you may be prepared for a responsible position, for the eye of the Lord is upon thee....

"The Lord has a work for thee to do, in which thou shalt see much of the world, assist in gathering scattered Israel, and also labor in the ministry.

It shall be thy lot to sit in council with thy brethren and preside among the people and exhort the Saints to faithfulness."

When he had finished, he looked seriously at the boy and said, "My boy, you have something to do besides playing marbles."

Young David later found his mother, who was preparing dinner, and said, "If he thinks I am going to stop playing marbles, he is mistaken. The wise mother

then sat down with her son and explained what Brother Smith really meant.

A Lesson in Sportsmanship

During a Fourth of July baseball game between Huntsville and its arch rival, Eden, one of the Huntsville players was forced to leave the game because of an injury. David O. McKay, who was younger than the other players, was

drafted to take his place. It was an exciting moment, because the score was tied.

As the play proceeded, the umpire called, "Strike two!"The Eden pitcher,

however, claimed that it was the third strike. A large, burly fellow with a quick

temper, he picked up a baseball bat and started toward David, waving the bat menacingly and demanding, "Get out of there, kid, or I will crack this on

SEPTEMBER 1966 769 "Never mind, "the President said to the young serviceman.

your head!"

In a cool tone David replied, "The umpire called only two strikes, so go back to your pitcher's box, and try to get me out. You have one more chance."

The pitcher looked at the determination on David's face and decided to continue the game. His next throw was a swift, straight ball. David connected and made a twobase hit. The next batter singled, and David reached

home plate safely.

Thunderous applause rose from the spectators because the tie was broken.

And applause rose also because David had stood up to a bigger man and refused to be bullied when he knew he was right.

A Fathers Gift One of David O. McKay's greatest pleasures as a father was to listen to

the trio of his three oldest children, who played violin, clarinet, and piano.

When the oldest son, David Lawrence, was married, the trio disbanded, and the young man sold his violin to help pay his lawschool expenses. At their

next gathering the family—and particularly his father—missed the trio's playing.

Not long after that, the violin was repurchased—at a higher price—and

presented by a loving father to his son.

Speaking of Building Funds "You may have a new building if you can raise the money to pay for it, but do not expect one dollar from us."The board members of the Weber

Stake Academy recognized the need for a new building, but they themselves had mortgaged their homes for the original building and could promise no help. Principal David O. McKay did not blame them for taking this stand,

but their decision did not alter his determination to have more classrooms and a larger auditorium.

During his years at Weber Stake Academy, first as instructor and then as principal, David O. McKay gave sympathetic understanding to the problems

of every student; he thus gained the confidence and respect of all. And during

his tenure of office as principal, the school grew so rapidly that the existing quarters were inadequate.

With his usual leadership ability and unwavering enthusiasm for any project he felt was right, Principal McKay called a special meeting of the faculty of the academy. The problem was discussed and a plan adopted to visit every ward

in the stake, as well as to solicit personal assistance from community members.

Few faculties of its size ever worked more diligently or with greater determination than did Principal McKay and the teachers of Weber Academy. But

they succeeded, and the result was the erection of the $60,000 addition. And

the board was not asked to contribute one cent.

770 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Tell your parents they have a good son.?j

A Chat with a Serviceman A young man who was in the service visited the Church Office Building and asked if he might meet President McKay. The receptionist said that he

would check. Instead of phoning President McKay's secretary, he decided to

go to her office and explain the situation.

There he found President McKay with his coat on, hurriedly giving lastminute instructions to his secretary. When he was given the message, he said,

"I'll go out with you and meet the boy."

As they met in the lobby, the boy was speechless, so moved was he at meeting the President of the Church. The President then put an arm around

the youth and put him at ease by inquiring about his buddies and his parents.

The young man replied that he had one associate who was a priest, as was he, but that his parents were not members of the Church.

"Never mind,"said President McKay. "Tell your parents that you shook

hands with me and that I told you to say to them that they have a good son.

And give my regards to your buddy."

As the boy departed, President McKay, the receptionist, and he were all in tears.

The Gift of Tongues Among the gifts of the Spirit attendant upon David O. McKay has been

the gift of tongues. Although President McKay is not a linguist, on more than

one occasion he has known through divine assistance when his words were not being interpreted accurately.

Once he was addressing an audience at Aintab, Syria. Elder J. Wilford

Booth was translating his message in the Turkish language. President McKay

did not then—and does not now—understand a word of that language, yet as

he listened to Elder Booth, he knew his thought had been incorrectly interpreted. He stopped the translator and said, "That was the wrong interpretation,

Brother Booth."

President McKay then repeated his sentence in English.

"How did you know, Elder McKay,"asked Brother Booth, "that I gave the opposite meaning?"

On another occasion President McKay was addressing an audience at

Rotterdam, and Cornelius Zappey was interpreting.

President McKay spoke in English, and Elder Zappey repeated in Dutch what he thought the President had said. However, President McKay stopped

and called Brother Zappey's attention to what he felt was not the correct interpretation. Before making the correction, Brother Zappey laughingly said to

SEPTEMBER 1966 77t "As he blessed me, the pain became easy, then left '

the audience, 'There is no need of my interpreting. Brother McKay understands Dutch.

A Visit to a Leper Colony In 1955, while President McKay was at Suva, Fiji Islands, word was received that a patient in the leper colony outside the city wished to see him.

She had met him when she was a little girl in Samoa 34 years before.

Although other plans had been made for..President McKay's visit at Fiji,

he remarked, "This lady has as much right as anyone else to speak with me.

We shall go to her."

A taxi was called, and President and Sister McKay went to the group of cottages at the leper colony. There he was told that the woman was too ill

to leave her room.

"If it is permitted,"he said, "we shall go to her cottage."

Just off a corridor in a small ward waited a Samoan woman. As she

greeted the visitors, tears streamed down her face. "I knew you would come,

if it were at all possible,"she said.

After receiving a blessing from the Prophet, she gratefully waved farewell.

"A miracle has happened"

In March 1939 Melvin T. Mickleson of Grace, Idaho, was stricken with

a serious affliction in his right eye. His doctor suggested that he go at once

to a specialist in Salt Lake City. After a thorough examination, the specialist

said that it would probably be necessary for him to remove both of the eyes.

But after one week of careful treatment, the doctor said he could possibly save one eye.

The day before the operation, Elder David O. McKay, then a member

of the First Presidency, came to the patient's door and told him that he had heard of his sickness and wondered if he would not like a blessing.

Brother Mickleson said, "No one could deny the feeling of peace which came with him. As he blessed me, the pain became easy and then left me."

The next morning Brother Mickleson was examined by the doctor again.

After checking one eye, the doctor said, "Some miracle has happened. We

won't have to remove that eye. Why, you have received 15 to 20 percent of

your eyesight."

The next day he told Brother Mickleson that 75 percent of his vision would come back, and on the third day that perhaps all of his vision would be restored.

Later the patient reported, "I was so humble and thankful that I could not tell the doctor what had happened. But two (Continued on page 816)

772 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HOME

is obeying the PPI N ESS commandments the Lord gave to parents.

Observe in the first scripture below the attitude of dedicated, unhurried teaching that the Lord describes: teach your children diligently as you sit together in your homes, when you

walk with them, the last thing at night when you put them to bed, the first thing in the morning when they get up.

"And these words, which I command thee this day, shall be in thine heart:

"And thou shalt teach them diligently unto thy children, and shalt talk of them when thou sittest in thine house, and when thou walkest by the way, and when thou liest down, and when thou risest up."(Deut. 6:6-7.)

"And they shall also teach their children to pray, and to walk uprightly before the Lord."(D&C 68:28.)

This is the promise of the Prophet of the Lord that was made to parents who teach and care for those entrusted to them:

"Love at home and obedience to parents will increase, and faith will develop in

the hearts of the youth of Israel, and they will gain power to combat evil influences and

temptations, and to choose righteousness and peace, and be assured an eternal place in the family

circle of our Father."—President David O. McKay

is having the Spirit of the Lord in your home.

You can have the Spirit of the Lord by

conscientiously holding your home evening and

by praying for the

guidance and blessing of the Lord in this effort,

The Spirit of the Lord will

increase your love for each other

and increase the love and

harmony in your home.

SEPTEMBER 1966 773 Few scenes in the world can match the majesty such great sacrifices to attend seminary when of beautiful Canyon de Chelley located near Chinle they must arise in freezing temperatures in unheated in northeastern Arizona. As one surveys the breathhomes; often must dress without light; receive, in

taking view of the canyon floor from the rim of the most cases, no parental encouragement; and must

gorge, he sees a landscape of checkered cornfields, walk long distances?

scattered hogans, and a winding chocolatecolored In reply, Don Hunsaker, seminary district coordiriver. nator of northern Arizona and New Mexico, says:

The calm silence of the great canyon seems to de- "These young people are hungry for the gospel. They

mand remembrance of one of history's saddest dramas. want to learn and are willing to make sacrifices to

It was between these sheer red walls that the mighty do so. Our teachers give them spiritual truths."

Navajo nation was brought to its knees a hundred An Indian student in a Gallup, New Mexico, class years ago by the cruel strategy of Kit Carson. By was asked: "What is the easiest thing for you to

burning cornfields and slaughtering the Indians'sheep, accept about the Latterday Saint Church, and what

Carson achieved what bullets had never been able is the hardest?"The young man replied: "It is

to do. One by one the proud, marauding Navajos, easiest to accept the fact that there is a God with a

driven by painful hunger, left their hiding places, body of flesh and bones. The hardest thing to accept

forded the kneedeep river, and surrendered. is the idea that the Latterday Saint Church is the

But time, the great changer, has not forgotten only true church."

Canyon de Chelley and its humble people, some of When asked why he had difficulty accepting the whom, after a few years of captivity, returned to the Church as the only true one, the boy replied: "For

security of its great walls. Though much is still the many years my parents have taught me the religion

same, much has changed. One standing on the canyon of the Indian. Now I am confused; I feel the Latterrim today views scenes of a different character. day Saint Church is true, but I still have old ideas.

A Navajo boy and his father emerge from their That is why I come to seminary. I want to know

cedar home. Together they mount a thin pony and the truth."

ride away from home. The morning silence is broken Others of the Indian students are not confused.

by the horse's hooves striking rocks on the stony trail. They know that the Church is true. They attend

The sound soon changes as horse and riders cross a seminary to learn more so they can teach their people.

murky river. On the opposite bank the son dismounts. One such boy is Ronnie Paquin, a Zuni Indian. His

With a pull of the rein the father heads the horse brother is now serving a mission, and Ronnie is pretoward home. paring to do the same. After high school he will

The boy walks toward the mouth of the canyon join several hundred other Indian students at Brigham with hope and courage, not with defeat and despair Young University for a year of study, and then, in as did his forefathers. He, like those of old, feels his words, "I'll be ready."

hunger. But his is a different hunger—a spiritual The number of Indian students in seminary inhunger. creases each year, as does the searching nature of

Time has also changed the little community of their minds. A teenage boy at Intermountain Indian

Chinle, which guards the entrance of the canyon. A School in Brigham City, Utah (one of nearly a dozen

new steeple—representing a vigorous new faithoff-reservation boarding schools where seminary

pierces the desert sky. It is toward the steeple of classes are held), said, "Words about religion used to

a beautiful Latterday Saint chapel that the young go in one ear and out the other. But since I've

Indian is traveling. There, he and twelve other started attending seminary these words are stopping

young Navajos meet early each morning in a seminside."

inary class. At Crownpoint, New Mexico, Lynn Welker, one of

Observers of this class at Chinle (or any of the 38 fulltime Indian seminary area coordinators, redozens of similar classes held in various locations ports that his problem is finding classroom space for of the Indian world) have one basic question in the 60 young people who come to the Latterday Saint their minds: Why do these young people make chapel three mornings each week for seminary. Assist774 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ockL

ing area coordinators are many fulltime missionaries de Chelley again. They're coming out of the rock

who give classes on a daily or weekly basis, depending shadows of Monument Valley, out of the Zuni pueblo upon the time schedules of the students. dwellings, off the high mesas of the Hopi land, off

An example of growth is the the plains of the Dakotas and Oklahoma. Some

Ft. Wingate, New Mexico, class. nine thousand Indians, like their ancestors of old,

In two years it has grown are coming out of 21 states and from 83 to 248 students, Canada to feed their hunger for and the new seminary buildthe spiritual truths cherished by ing is now too small to hold their Book of Mormon ancestors.

increased enrollment.

Yes, the Indians are BY GEORGE G. DURRANT

coming out of Canyon George Durrant, father of six children and working toward a Ph.D. at BYU, is one of

the Church's most prolific writers. He has authored seven

yearlength courses of study, coauthored four others, and written over 150 film scripts for the Indian seminary program.

He is also a memberwriter of the home evening manual committee.

SEPTEMBER 1966 775 FICTION BY RICHARD I. SARGENT

776 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MmmL i IWIili was ringing as Paul Marston entered his small apartment. Tossing his books on the couch, he picked up the phone. He was

a large young man, both tall and heavy. He moved hesitantly, carefully;

because he had been called "clumsy"so often, he believed. Before he had

a chance to say anything, a girl's voice said, "Hi, where have you been all these months? The chess board is sitting here gathering dust. Aren't you ashamed of

yourself?"Paul smiled. Sounds like a wonderful invitation, but..."

"Oh! You're not John, I'm so sorry..."

"I'm even sorrier,"he said.

But you shouldn't be. John Whitcomb's in his she'd be a vivacious, sparkling girl with many friendssixties."and, of course, a steady boyfriend.

"He's very lucky to know you, anyway."He went back to the couch, sat down, and opened

"Oh? What makes you think that?"the engineering textbook. Symbols, hard logic, and

"Your voice—it could only belong to a very lovely theories of bridge construction might drive the

girl."memory of that lovely voice from his mind. There

She laughed. "That just proves how deceiving was some consolation in the fact that he'd at least

voices are. I'm awfully sorry to have disturbed you—asked for a date. He usually lacked the nerve or

must have dialed the wrong number."became too tonguetied. He grinned. Maybe there

Before she could hang up, he said, "Hey—I play was hope for him yet....

chess too. If you can't locate John, I'd be only too He couldn't forget the girl. Often, during the next

happy to substitute."few evenings, he found himself glancing at the phone,

As though amused, she said, "No, I'm afraid that wishing she'd call back.

wouldn't do at all."It was almost two weeks later that she did call

"Married?"again, and he could not help feeling that she could

"No..."not forget their accidental contact any more than

"Well, if you won't play chess with me, then how he could.

about dinner some evening?""I hope you won't think I'm being too forward,"she

"Sorry."said, "but I'm alone tonight and bored silly, so...

With regret he said, "If you ever run out of chess well, I thought I'd take you up on that offer of a opponents, give me a call. The name's Paul Marston, chess game."

and the number is 8764546.""That's marvelous—just give me your address and

"Can't tell,"she said warmly. "I might just do that."I'll be right over."

He wished he'd at least asked her name before the "Oh, I didn't mean that—I mean by phone."

line clicked. "By phone? I've heard of chess by mail but not

He walked to the front window overlooking La by phone."

Brea Avenue and looked down at the earlyevening "In that case we'll just have to invent it."

traffic. A foursome of laughing people were walking "Look, I'd be more than happy to come over."

along the sidewalk in front of the building. The "Of course, if you'd rather not play at all..."

girls were blonde and beautiful and their escorts slim "Okay—by phone. Give me a few minutes to set

and handsome. They were probably going to The up the board. Give me your number, and I'll call

Fogcutter, a fine restaurant just up the block. The you back."

girl he'd just been talking to would probably be She hesitated, as if thinking it over very seriously, going out to dinner tonight. She sounded as though "Okay, the number's 8760979."

SEPTEMBER 1966 777 Continued from preceding page The story of a girl who played chess by phone but refused to meet her opponent.

shall I ask for?"One night, as the game ended, he said, "Darlene, ND WHO

"Darlene."don't you think the joke's gone far enough? I mean,

"Pretty name. What's the last we've been friends almost two months, and you won't

part?"even tell me your last name."

You won't need it—I'll answer.""Terrible, aren't I?"she teased.

Okay, mystery girl, call you back in "I feel odd about being attracted to a girl and not a few minutes."even knowing her last name."

While setting up the board, he decided to keep She moaned softly, then said, "Paul... Paul, don't

notes and learn everything he could about her. He say things like that. It can never be any more than

knew her first name and, from the phone prefix, that friendship for us—just as it has been."

she lived in the Hollywood area. With a few more "But why? You're not married—not even going

clues he might be able to find her. steady."

As the chess match progressed, he went on the "There are reasons, Paul, very good reasons."

theory that the best way to get information was to "Then tell me what they are. You're not being

offer some. He told her that he was 22 years old, fair."

that he worked in an electronics warehouse, and that "No, I suppose not,"she admitted. "Paul, maybe

he was going to night school to become an engineer. we'd better drop the whole thing. I can't ever

In return he learned that she worked at a magazine see you."

stand in an office building. She wouldn't even give "Don't be ridiculous. Look, I want very much to

him its general location. meet you—to take you out."

"Knight to bishop six—check,"he said. "And are The words tripped on tears as she said, "Paul, we've

you blonde or brunette?"enjoyed playing chess so much, can't we just go on

"Sort of a cross between ash and dishwater,"she as we have been?"

said. "Pawn takes knight.""No—I can't. It isn't enough, Darlene. Not when

"Rook to pawn six. I'd guess you're about 21."we can have so much more. Don't you know that

"Oh? Do I sound all that mature and ancient? I'm every time I hear your voice, I want to be with you?"

19—well, I will be next month. Queenknight pawn "I'm sorry, Paul, I should have known that sooner

to pawn three."or later it would have to end this way. Goodbye.

He noticed that she considered and then evaded It's been a lot of fun, and I'll think of you often."

most of his questions. He did find out that she "But Darlene, it doesn't have to end..."

wasn't going steady with anyone and that she lived She'd hung up.

with her mother. He tried to call her back and got a busy signal.

She won the game and offered him a return match It remained busy hour after hour. The following

Saturday evening, after he'd completed his homework. day he got a recording saying the phone had been

He lay awake for several hours thinking of her—disconnected. Without much hope, he called informatrying to visualize her. Why would she play chess by tion and was told the number had been changed to

phone but not let him visit her? Was she playing an unlisted one.

some game besides chess with him? Still, a girl who There was one final possibility. Paul eyed the maswould invite an elderly man over to play chess with sive Los Angeles phone directory, then opened it. He

her—well, she just couldn't be the same as the college ran his finger down the column of numbers, halting

girls he met—or rather didn't meet—who were intermomentarily at each one with an 876 prefix. He

ested in glib, handsome guys. Darlene didn't seem smiled at the thought that if her last name began

to find him as dull and bookish as other girls did. with "Z"it might take him months to find it.

Maybe something would come of it.... It was in the "E"s. Her phone number matched

They played chess at least three times a week. the name "Mrs. Shirley Evans"; undoubtedly that was

Darlene was always warm, friendly, and very careful Darlene's mother. The address was only a dozen

not to say anything that would enable him to blocks away....

find her. Paul parked his car (Continued on page 808)

778 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA With the number of new converts to the Church increasing throughout the world, the following interview, held between sessions of the April general conference, is of particular interest. Participants

are President Johan P. Jongkees, Holland Stake; President Michael Panitsch, Hamburg (Germany)

Stake; Hans B. Ringger, first counselor, Swiss Stake presidency; George Watson, first counselor, Sunderland (England) Stake presidency; Bishop Eusebio Lara, Madero Ward, Mexico Stake; Samuelu Atoa, first

counselor, Apia (Samoa) Stake presidency; Matthew T. Chote, second counselor, Auckland (New Zealand) Stake presidency; and Bishop Arthur W. L. Smith, Newcastle Ward, Sydney (Australia) Stake.

The Era Asks About New Converts Throughout the World

in theQ—What in the Church first interests investigators? Q—What noticeable changes do you observe

lives of new converts?

Chote (New Zealand)—The example of their Latterday Saint associates in school and community life. Smith (Australia)—-The Church helps one develop his

Atoa (Samoa)—We find that people who see our youth selfconfidence and brings out in a man the ability to

give talks and pray want their children to do the lead his family. When he joins the Church he besame. comes the head of his family and accepts his responsiSmith (Australia)—-We're also often asked about the bilities better than in the past. We also find that his

youth program, and we find that other churches are wife acquires a desire to follow him and to give love and support that didn't previously exist.

Chote (New Zealand)—We see an immediate increase

in leadership ability and opportunity for development through activity in priesthood quorums and the auxiliaries.

Panitsch (Germany)—I often think of new members as

blossoming like flowers. The Church brings out their

talents; they are more friendly, personable, and attractive to others around them.

Jongkees (Holland)—We find it rather striking that

members who have had hardships and a gloomy outEntire group during interview. look experience a change in attitude when they join

the Church. They find they can have joy in their lives.

adopting similar programs. Watson (England)—-The new convert's outlook on life

Jongkees (Holland)—-Family unity is another aspect actually becomes visible in his life. For example, a

that attracts many converts, as does also the Book of group of Relief Society sisters recently met in our

Mormon. home to hear a lesson from a nonmember who was

Lara (Mexico)—Investigators are interested in the an authority on a specific subject. When she finished

complete organization of the Church and the manner speaking she asked, "Why do you people look so in which the gospel is taught to members from infancy different? You look strangely happy. There is defito adulthood. nitely something different about you!"

Watson (England)—England is a country of old traditions. People who do anything against these traditions—as the Mormons do by not drinking tea—are

noticeable. English people, even husbands and wives,

tend to do things singly, whereas in the Church we do things as a family unit. This also creates curiosity.

Ringger (Switzerland)—Investigators are impressed

that we know where we come from, what we have, where we are going, and that we feel and act accordingly. Arthur W. L. Smith, Matthew T. Chote, Hans B. Ringger.

SEPTEMBER 1966 779 Q—What kinds of responsibilities do you give new have a problem: In the last two or three years about

converts? 85 percent of our new converts have been women.

Ringger (Switzerland)—We always have a job for an Q—Why do more women than men join the Church?

active member. As soon as the converts know something about the programs of the Church, they are Jongkees (Holland)—Possibly because women are more

asked where they would be willing to serve.

Panitsch (Germany)—We have not had good experience in giving too much responsibility at first to new

converts. We begin with small assignments and then

increase them as they become ready.

Watson (England)—We try to put a strong older member with a new member, so they can work closely

together. This helps develop the new convert quickly.

Smith (Australia)—Many of our converts have previously had tremendous experience in such programs

as scouting. We try to assimulate these people into Samuelu Atoa, George Watson, interpreter,

the program with which they are already familiar. Michael Panitsch.

New converts are often as capable as older members.

responsive to the truth than men.

Our stake president, who has been a member three

Chote (New Zealand)—Perhaps more mothers are atand a half years, was called to his position after just

tracted because of the very nature of motherhood.

14 months in the Church. Each day as we follow

Their responses are keener, more spiritual.

him and take his counsel we become more convinced

Atoa (Samoa)—In our area we have a cultural system

of the divinity of his call.

in which people always follow the chiefs. Therefore, Chote (New Zealand)—Some of our bishops and counwe seldom have anyone join the Church until missionselors have been in the Church two years or less. We aries have preached to the chiefs. Even the children

have members of stake presidencies who have been in look to their chiefs for guidance.

the Church less than six years. In fact, one counselor Panitsch (Germany)—We live in a materialistic world

in a stake presidency has been a convert for just two in which men today feel that they don't need the years, but his capacity for faith, desire to learn, intergospel; they are selfsufficient.

est in establishing the kingdom, and devotion are such in your country think of that in two years he had perhaps the equivalent of Q—What do people

ten years'experience. Mormons?

Lara (Mexico)—There are many callings we can give Ringger (Switzerland)—A typical example is the attitude I found when we had to contact the government

before we could build a chapel. The government

officials believed that Mormons are heretical and that they don't have as many wives as they used to have. It is astonishing that intelligent people today

still have such ideas. Many of these people, of course,

have had little or no contact with the Church. Those

who have known us, however, think of Latterday

Saints as clean and successful—and rich.

Darold Marlowe, Johan P. Jongkees, Jay M. Todd. Watson (England)—It is common to find adverse criticism toward the Church in the press. But we also

new converts. For example, they can be substitute find that the press is our greatest ally, because people

or assistant teachers. We also use them as stake miswill ask, "Do Mormons really believe what these

sionaries. In my ward two young women desired to articles say they believe?"This leads them to

be stake missionaries after having been in the Church investigate.

less than a month. They served very well. Chote (New Zealand)—Until a few years ago the peoJongkees (Holland)—Our best leadership has develple of New Zealand thought of the Church as preoped since our stake was organized. However, we do dominately a Maori or Polynesian organization. But

780 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in recent years many Europeans have joined the Latterday Saints would give us a real feeling of

Church, and now the membership is 65 percent Polybrotherhood, advancement of the kingdom, and the nesian and 35 percent European. We are also subject worldwide nature of the Church.

to opposition from the Council of Churches, which in Panitsch (Germany)—We are not unacquainted with

New Zealand does not recognize our Church and the fact that the Church is spread all over the earth, labels it as nonChristian. We receive little or no but only through personal contact can we actually

recognition in the press, nor can we secure time on know Latterday Saints in other parts of the world.

radio. But in the past two years, since the church Smith (Australia)—We need to communicate more with

building program has been accelerated in New Zeaeach other in order to become more aware of each land and many chapels have been built, we find that other's achievements, problems, and goals.

we are increasingly being accepted. Atoa (Samoa)—Nonmembers call Latterday Saint Q—What do you do when members want to immigrate

missionaries "cowboys"because of cowboy movies to Utah?

they have seen. But of all the churches in Samoa,

ours was the only one to show a significant memberChote (New Zealand)—For us this has been less of a

ship increase in the latest census. People are also problem since the New Zealand Temple was built and

impressed with missionaries who enter happily into stakes established. Also, because of immigration

the homes of all people, sit crosslegged on the floor, restrictions few of our people have been able to go and eat native food. to Utah. With regular visits from General AuthoriSmith (Australia)—hi Australia the attitude toward the ties and general board members, our people are much

Church has changed tremendously. The press gives us more satisfied to remain where they are.

very good publicity, and any criticism, when handled Jongkees (Holland)—-When our stake was organized

correctly, has been turned to our advantage. Recently the urge to emigrate subsided somewhat, but in rewhen a minister had criticized the Church our stake cent years it is increasing. Our problem is complipresident called a public meeting. The hall was filled cated by the fact that Holland is overcrowded and

with people who asked questions about the Church that the government sometimes subsidizes emigration.

and its principles. Even inactive members said they Many of our young people want to go where they can

hadn't realized the strength of the Church's position. have more freedom of choice. When they express a

Lara (Mexico)—Often a new convert's family thinks he

is going to be separated from them because he changes his way of life so much. Many people are

fearful, not knowing what kind of influence the

Church will have in their family.

Q—Are you aware of Latterday Saints in other parts

of the world?

Ringger (Switzerland)—-When we talk about America,

we talk about the Mormon pioneers. But when we Interpreter, Michael Panitsch, interpreter, Eusebio Lara.

speak about Mexico, for example, we don't realize desire to go to Utah we tell them frankly that the that Latterday Saints are there. We don't know Church needs them in Europe but will not stand in

anything about other members except those in Salt their way if social conditions prompt them to emigrate.

Lake City. Watson (England)—We find that people who are marChote (New Zealand)—-We are aware there are Latterried and have families usually don't want to move,

day Saints in other parts of the world only because of but the young people often do.

the cosmopolitan nature of New Zealand and of the Ringger (Switzerland)--This discussion has certainly

Church itself. We have members who are American, shown us that only the gospel can bring us together.

English, Scottish, Dutch, Swedish, Polynesian, and Every country feels the need for peace. The United

Canadian. Nations and other organizations of this kind have atJongkees (Holland)—I wish I could say we are aware tempted to bring the world closer together, but this

of the activities of other members of the Church, but will be possible only through the gospel of Jesus basically we are not. To be more aware of other Christ.

SEPTEMBER 1966 781 VERMONT, 1805 THE COUNTRYSIDE

I n the spring Vermont slowly unfolds Her verdure.

The hills with pastel hues Warm to the sun.

Color builds on color Until by June The green of summer Settles on the land: The Boyhood This land,

This granite land, Veneer of green Upon the hard land. of Joseph October comes,

The hard work Bearing fruit.

Corn stands tall, the sunlight caught

In each symmetric ear; Smith

BY PRESIDENT These stanzas are part of a larger work, Pumpkin, the gold

S. DILWORTH YOUNG which has not yet been printed, comOf old Vermont,

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF posed by Elder Young. Lies nesting on the vines.

THE SEVENTY Copyright 1966, S. Dilworth Yovmg The hills—quiet in the green

Of summer—now burst into flame

Of yellow, red, and bronze.

And lake and stream reflect The glow of brilliant hillFrozen, still,

Ever burning—nonconsuming,

Even as that sacred bush Of long ago.

782 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Too short the autumn time, Then winter's silent hand Paints a softer picture On the land.

Deceiving softness, this white,

This quiet white.

Deep snow and icy drift Bring Painful bite of frost To fingers aching In the cold.

And there, the cabin snug Against the cold Of that December morn, A child is born, Then suddenly—

A man child. No warning sound—

An unseen power bore him to the ground;

Deeper piles the snow. Cut off his speech, his breath.

His life at stake!

No angelic song is heard Darkness complete!

To mark the time of birth, No light!

The coming of a prophet Terror gripped his soulTo the earth. No one to hear

His cry for help;

NEW YORK, 1820 His being tight

THE PLACE In mighty hold of some

Grim, \ boy will know the woods Evil

Around his father's farm, Person from the

Know the leafy aisles, Spirit world.

The places Warming to the heart. God spake!

Such places grow into A part Release from darkness And parcel of a boy. Came with brilliant light.

Without his knowing why Gone now was fear.

They give him joy. Two beings stood in air

To them he oft returns, Above his head.

And goes away with lifted soul. Transcendent glory from them shone,

These places heal and comfort Their brilliance brighter than the sun.

And make whole. One spoke:

This is my Beloved Son, THE VISION Hear him!

Like some vast organ swell.here, on that spring day, His voice ran pure and free,1He found a place Echoing through the forest,

No eye could see Filling the vast reaches of eternity.

And, falling on his knees, Gone now was fear,

Began to ask of God Terror was no more.

The truth. The boy spoke as a boy,

The truth was what he wanted A simple question asked:

From the Lord: Which church is right?

Which was his church? Swift was the reply:

Which taught his holy word? In my sight all have

Gone astray;

None are right.

OUT OF THE FOREST

ut of the forest came Joseph Smith,

Throwing his long, thin, gangling legs

Across the worm fence Dividing his father's field From the forest—

The brooding, darkening forest,

Long shadowed from the setting sun—

These forest woods, Made sacred by this visit, This revelation of the great Eternal God

And his exalted Son.

And so across the field he came,

Threading his way toward home,

The cabin home, The frontier cabin home;

ANNOYANCE STARTS Threading, too, his way,

His lonely way,Toward his destiny. XarP.arson Brown tied his horse to the worm fence

Bordering on the field where Joseph Smith (the

In such a simple way father ) Eternal work begins. Tall and lean,

With iron muscles swinging axe

In clean, untiring stroke, Stood felling trees.

He spoke:

Howdy, Joseph, that's a likely axe you swing.

The blade falls true and cuts the notch out clean,

As a good axe should.

It's good to see you, Parson.

Won't you walk up to the house

And set?

THE ANNOUNCEMENT Not yet! This will do. I want to talk

le pulled the latch string on the cabin door To you about your boy.

Can't you keep him busy so he won't be havingAndH stepped across the rudecarved puncheon floor.

He leaned exhausted against the mantle shelf. Time for visions,

His mother, keen of eye to notice each Stirring up the neighborhood?

Small change in temper of each one, Such goings on are from the devil,

Said: And he will come to no good end.

What's the matter, son? Visions are no more,

Are you ill? Not since John closed the door

And he, On Patmos.

With solemn dignity Of fourteen years, replied: Parson, once I thought you knew

I'm well enough off. The way to light and truth;

A pause, a long pause, You said:

Then the awkward words gushed forth: John's Revelation is the last—

Mother, I can say to you If any add to it they're damned.

I know you're wrong.That Presbyterianism is not But now

True.

784 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CRUELTY OF YOUTH

group of country boys A Sitting on the top rail of a fence

Making noiseAny noise if loud And raucous Satisfies boys.

There was Loud talk And swearing, Cursing among You ask about my boy—Those bolder (and older)

My visionary boy. Daring God to

I don't know what it means Smite them

And can't pretend to know the end, (and from experience

But one fact I do comprehend: knowing that he would not),

That my boy saw The bravado of

Two Beings, glorious and bright, Youth

Who said that yours, Caring naught

And every church, is wrong, For truth.

Is not of God. Eager to display their

Now, I will stand behind Manhood by acts which

That boy. He has my Belie manhood—

Backing, my support. These saw Joseph Smith

And further, I will Walking toward them,

Say (with slow, sharp spoken word) Walking into town

This message comes from God, On some errand bound—

Directly from the Lord. And seeing him

With angry voice the parson said: Began to laugh with

So! You're deceived as well. Snide remark

I tell you vision is no more. And quick aside.

Revelation's dead! The bolder ones,

This comes from hell! With twisting quip

We'll see who's right! And flippant lip,

The father raised his axe: Asked if his angels

And with a blow both fast and true Were with him

Drove the blade into the tree That fine day.

And sent it crashing to the earth.

None left the fence;

So shall error fall, None dared to tryHe said.

His strengthArm against armThe parson, trembling, angry,

But like a flock Got into his chaise and drove away,

Of cawing crows, Past the forest, past the place

Where Joseph crossed the fence Their thoughts as

On that spring day. Black as feathers

On the bird, they The lingering sacredness about the spot

He could not know. Lined the fence.

He took the whip Joseph heard but

Walked his stoic And, venting anger on his horse,

Way Vanished up the road in clouds of dust.

And paid no mind to What they had to say.

There were no friends Among these Noisy youths, These thoughtless enemies To light and truth. 785 SEPTEMBER 1966

"Forward—two, whether the dance is of such dignity and propriety

three; backthat, even to an onlooker, it suggests nothing but

two, three; step, style and good grace. After all, young men and

step."women of our Church should shun even the appearThe words rang out over Herb Alpert's scintillating ance of evil. That is why we would very much

Tijuana Brass as the director called the steps for prefer that you avoid the current trend of what, to the western swing. Laurels and many of us, appears to be vulgar dancing. There are

Ensigns with their MIA leaders too many fine things in this world for the young were swinging and swaying people to engage in without resorting to dances that across the floor of the culare questionable.

tural hall in lovely and different "I hope that you will follow my advice by dancing routines, in accordance The happy and thoroughly absorbed dancers were with the standards attending an MIA dance workshop. A reawakened described. You will

enthusiasm for the creative art of dancing is being find that when you generated within the Church as a result of the dance accept these standworkshop programs, which have been conducted ards you will get throughout the Church since early February. more joy and wholeOne of the most universal of the arts, dance reflects some satisfaction than

the culture of any age. From the slow and graceful you do from the questionable dancing engaged in

minuet to the expressive, rhythmic swing, the dance by many."

has been a means of emotional outlet, of physical How graciously the young people relaxation, and, when guided by standards of good responded is expressed in the C\ taste, aji expressive art form of beauty and grace. words of Janice Doutre, a

In organizing and conducting the workshops, the student at Ricks College:

MIA faced two challenges: (1) The more conserva- "When the church leaders

tive and mature people, remembering the closedcame out with the stand on position dances such as the waltz and the fox trot dancing, it hit pretty hard at (see photos 1, 2, 3, and 4) were reluctant to accept our college. At first I think I was just as

the trend in modern dancing for the open position, upset as the rest of the students, but after standalso called the "shine"or "solo"position (see photos ing off the dance floor and watching some of the 5, 6, 7, and 8). (2) The young people had developed contortions and movements I came to peace with

a free style of dancing in the solo position, an indimyself. My opinion is that dancing is an art given

vidual type of movement that had resulted in hipto us by our Heavenly Father. He gave us the

shaking contortions and shoulder movements, which ability to make the movements and to be creative. We

movements, when exaggerated, were unacceptable to church standards.

While not all of the young people in the Church participated in the new fad dances, the interest was so widespread that it was deemed necessary to remind the youth that "church standards prohibit dancing quTck[ START HERE that is suggestive or sensual in any way,"and "as FEET TOGETHER members of the Church, it is imperative that youth TRIPLE RHYTHM RHYTHM: QUICKQUICK ANDAND QUICKQUICK

use wisdom in establishing and adhering to church MANS1. LEFTPART:FOOTSIDETOTO 3,SIDELEFT FOOT TO CLOSE WITH

dance standards so that good taste is exemplified."SIDE, HALF BEAT SIDE, FULL BEAT LEFT FOOT,

Then President David O. McKay, out of his love 2. CLOSE WITH 4. RIGHT FOOT TO HALF BEAT

and concern for the wellbeing of the youth of the RIGHTHALF BEATFOOT. RIGHTHALF BEATSIDE, SIDE,RIGHT FULLFOOTBEATTO

Church, made the following statement:

"Many of the young people of our Church do not owe it to him to make our movements beautiful and have any evil intentions in dancing current fad dances. reflective to him."

However, we think the test '-of a proper dance is So the workshop was born. It has been successful

not whether the dancers have evil intentions but in showing the more conservative dancers that danc786 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing in the solo position can be fun and is appropriate in social ballroom dancing. It has also taught the

young dancers that the foot movements they have been using in the socalled fad dances are the same as those that have been used for years in social ballroom dances.

The workshops have shown that the young people of today want new and individual dance forms to express their generation and that these young people have welcomed the suggested program from the

Church and are learning and enjoying the new dances.

During this coming MIA year, a catchy dance called "Sunset Swing,"danced to the music of Henry

Mancini's "Pink Panther,"will be introduced.

BY MABEL JONES GABBOTT

EDITORIAL ASSOCIATE

For a successful dance season, the MIA has offered to wards and branches these suggestions: There

should be dance directors in every stake and ward, mission and branch. Dance parties should be held on

a regular basis, preferably weekly. These can be held

on ward (or branch), multiward, or stake basis.

Dance directors should plan to teach the new dances for an hour or so before the dance gets underway, and whenever possible they should provide dance training on regular MIA nights.

This year let's get in the swing—the "Sunset Swing"

-at MIA!

SEPTEMBER 1966 history; it is the plates themselves. Long before the

translation began, before the engraved characters were studied, and before the Nephite story began to unfold, Joseph Smith's mind was busy with questions that have occupied the minds of generations since his time. But as soon as he had hefted, handled, smelled,

and turned the pages, his questions began to be replaced with knowledge.

His experience has passed on to us the following information: (1) The plates had the "appearance of

gold"; (2) they were about 6"x 8"x 6", or 288 cubic

inches in size; (3) the surfaces of the

plates were engraved with figures of "curious workmanship"; and (4) they

could be easily lifted and carried by one man.

The term "appearance of gold"probably means that the plates were yellow in color but not pure gold. The easiest way of identifying gold,

other than by its color, is by its weight and softness.

During the four years the Prophet waited to receive the plates, his mind perhaps speculated on the imvalue mense thought he they represented. He was BY READ H. PUTNAM put to deal of schooling a good by the messenger

to insure that he would not attempt to convert them to

Read H. Putnam, who resides in Evanston, wealth. Reflection on the subject later caused him to

Wyoming, is a professional genealogist. He is say "appearance of gold"rather than gold or

serving as high priests group leader of the pure gold. He must have realized they were not

tf Evanston 4th Ward, Woodruff Stake. 24carat gold. Perhaps he noticed some red fracture

AMM ERED INTO S. I T CAN BE H i l E o F a u L METAL

around the binding holes or realized they were lighter in weight than he had expected they would be. Evidently there were reasons that he thus decided to

The archaeology of the Book of Mormon begins qualify his description of them.

with a stone box and a set of metal plates. These The engravings on the plates, he reported, were

articles produced the first knowledge of the Nephite "small"and "of curious workmanship."The plates

people in modern times, although there were other were "filled with engravings"and were "not so thick items in the box. The other items were not the as common tin."The exact size of the engravings, or

products of the Nephites, however, so are not to be glyphs, and the distance between them and between considered here. The plates, in part at least, were the lines are not known. However, the author has a

manufactured by one of the first men of the Nephite specimen of handengraved work in English that is nation, while the stone box was probably made by very legible and in which the lowercase letters are one who saw the collapse of that nation. less than 1/16 of an inch in height.

The first consideration in the study of Book of MorThe "curious workmanship"displayed by the plates mon archaeology is not translation, text, or family seems to indicate that the Prophet was unfamiliar

788 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

o

V) JUj

with the script. The surface of the plates probably process, while six employed the art of engraving. Q

would have been polished. The plates probably These cultures employed a wide range of gold <r

would not have exceeded.02 of an inch in thickness., and copper alloy in both hammering and castor

and might have been a good deal thinner than that. ing, but they seem to have employed the higher

In any event, the manufacture of the plates would be gold alloys more in objects manufactured h a prime factor in the success or failure of the enby hammering.

graver. The metal would need to be soft enough Artifacts now accredited to these fifteen culat the surface to accept the engraver's tool yet firm tures may or may not have been made from

enough in the center to keep the plate from distortion alloys employed for the first time. The

under the pressure; it would also have to be smooth wide range of analysis and the apparent

enough for the lines and figures to retain their propordiversified methods and objects manutions. The plates were described by Joseph Smith factured with like alloys indicate that the

as "beautifully engraved,"so we may suppose the metal was used many times before it or metal met all these requirements. appeared in the articles discovered as arti- Q

The plates were not so heavy that a man could not facts of the cultures. The workmanship

carry them. Joseph Smith was a man of youth and of the artifacts was the prime means of

vigor, yet Mormon was 74 years of age when he identification for classification rather CO turned them over to his son. (See Morm. 6:6.) We than the alloy. It is very unlikely,

are not led to believe that the weight of the plates was then, that metals employed by the a great hindrance. The witnesses testified that they Nephites or objects they manufactured

had "hefted"them, indicating that the weight seemed that later fell into the hands of sucMl tolerable. cessive nations would be preserved U

Gold is the most ductile of all metals. It can be in workmanship, analysis, or location 2

hammered into a leaf.0003 of an inch in thickness, for us to identify and declare as O

and a single ounce can be drawn into a thread 35 miles long. Silver and copper, the next two most

o I C K N E S S AND O O O 3 OF AN INCH IN T HLEAF being peculiar to them. In the case of the plates from

which the Book of Mormon was translated, then, we ductile metals, range very close to gold, both having have the artifact and the positive identification.

properties almost beyond imagination. The versatility of tumbaga indicates that the

Tumbaga is an alloy of gold and copper, the only American smiths were not required to be exacting two colored metals known to man. Gold melts at as to particular gravimetric alloy. And it is apparent

1060C. and copper at 1083C. Yet an alloy of the that whatever the alloy or object, once the gilding was

two metals that has 15 to 40 percent copper melts applied, the result to the eye alone would be gold.

at 200 degrees C. less than gold. There is one property of tumbaga that should be

The early American smiths used the alloy of remembered. When the copper content is particutumbaga extensively. It ranged in content from 97 larly high and the gilding not perfect, the whole

percent gold to the same proportion of copper, with inside of the alloy beneath the gilding skin will deseveral trace metals as impurities and silver as an stroy itself with electrolysis.

impurity or deliberate alloy up to 18 percent. Tumbaga, the magic metal, can be cast, drawn,

Studies have been made of metals of preHispanic hammered, gilded, soldered, welded, plated, hardened,

Panama and the peoples who possessed them. Of annealed, polished, engraved, embossed, and inlaid.

the 15 cultures studied, all worked with gold, 9 Yet with all this versatility, tumbaga will destroy employed silver, 11 or perhaps 13 knew copper, and itself if it is improperly alloyed, improperly stored, or 8 worked tumbaga. All 15 knew the hammering improperly finished. (Continued on page 828)

SEPTEMBER 1966 789 The microfilming program and the new branch genealogical library system have teamed up to provide the Saints with the records they need to extend their genealogies—right in their own localities! As

of July 1 there were 33 branch libraries in operation, and each month several new branches meet the requirements, pass the inspection, and launch into vigorous genealogical activity. Branch

What Does a Branch Library Do?

Branch libraries provide microfilm. The GenealogiGeneal- cal Society of the Church is engaged in one of the

most active and comprehensive genealogical programs ever known to the world. Microfilming is part

of this multimillion dollar genealogical operation. Via ogical microfilm and the branch library system's filmloan

arrangement, the vital records of the world can now be brought direct to the Saints so they can search for unidentified ancestors. Such documents as census Libraries returns, land grants, deeds, probate records, marriage

records, cemetery records, parish registers, and other records known to be of genealogical value are being microfilmed. More and more church members are

obtaining access to these records through the new branch genealogical library system.

Branch libraries provide books, too. Each branch is

Branch genealogical library sites in given a basic genealogical reference book list by the western U.S. Libraries are also in Mexico City; Laie, main Genealogical Society library and is asked to

Hawaii; Jacksonville, Fla.; and Cincinnati. acquire these books as soon as possible. As funds

permit, the branches acquire as many books and periodicals as they can. In addition, many Saints

donate their own personal book and periodical collections to the branches in their localities to help the branch collections grow faster.

Specialized research classes, advice, and counsel are other big features of branch libraries.

Who Is in Charge of Branch Genealogical Libraries?

The branch libraries are under the direction and supervision of the priesthood. Local regional chairmen, stake presidents, or bishops provide the priesthood leadership. Local branch library boards set the

policies that are carried out by the appointed branch librarian and his staff. The branch librarian serves on

the branch library board and functions as its secretary. The librarian is the branch's head administrator

with responsibility for programs, services, book selection, and management of personnel.

Where Does the Genealogical Society Fit In?

Genealogical Society is eager to extend its

790 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA services and microfilms to as many Saints in as many general manager of the Genealogical Society, 107 geographical locales as possible. The purpose of the South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

branch genealogical libraries is to provide the Saints with source material for their genealogical research Branch Libraries Fill Urgent Need work, and the Genealogical Society fits in by providing the branch library with records that are needed Continually, since its inception in 1894, the main by the Saints in the particular locale of their research. library of the Genealogical Society has been accumuThe Genealogical Society encourages the organization lating volumes of vital statistics, printed family

of branch libraries and assists in the accreditation of genealogies, and other records of genealogical imporlibraries so that they can qualify for film loans from tance from every corner of the earth. However, far

the Genealogical Society and other privileges accruing surpassing the collection of books in genealogical to recognized libraries. After accreditation, the potential is the vast library of microfilms now numGenealogical Society provides technical guidance and bering nearly half a million rolls. Microfilm photogcounseling service. But the greatest service is the raphers are filming records daily in locations the

filmloan arrangement under which the microfilms of world over, and several thousand new rolls are being the Genealogical Society are made available. processed each month. The present film collection

represents the equivalent of over two million printed

How Does the FilmLoan volumes of 300 pages each!

Arrangement Work? While these films gathered from all over the world

Each branch genealogical library is supplied with are available in the library in Salt Lake City, the

Church is now worldwide and includes people froma microfilm copy of the main library's card catalog.

Branch library patrons check this microfilm copy of nations over the whole earth. There is an urgent need

the card catalog to find the call numbers of the films for the genealogical record resources of the Church they are interested in searching. The films they desire to be available to its members regardless of where

are then ordered from the main library on a loan they live. The branch genealogical library system

begun in 1964 is helping fill that need. The microbasis at a nominal charge of 504 per roll to cover

filmed records obtained by the Church at great exhandling and mailing.

pense are now being made available to the people living in the areas served by the branch libraries.

What Facilities Are Necessary to Establish a Branch Genealogical Library? A Prophetic Statement

Minimum requirements for branch library facilities The following prophetic words are taken from an include a reading room large enough to accommodate address given at the Assembly Hall in Salt Lake City at least two microfilm reading machines with about on October 6, 1911, by Nephi Anderson, then associate 25 square feet of space for each reader, a film cabinet, editor of The Utah Genealogical and Historical Magatables, and chairs. There must be at least two microzine:

film reading machines so that one machine is avail- "In conclusion, let me suggest the future of this able for use in searching the microfilmed card catalog. work. I see the records of the dead and their histories

The second machine is then available to persons gathered from every nation under heaven to one great actually searching films already received on loan. central library in Zion—the largest and best equipped

Can Anyone Start a Branch for its particular work in the world. Branch libraries

may be established in the nations, but in Zion will

Genealogical Library? be the records of last resort and final authority...."

The Church wants the Saints to establish regional These words were uttered years before microbranch genealogical libraries that will serve clusterfilming was ever conceived and at a time when the ings of adjacent stakes. Isolated stakes with widely young Genealogical Society of Utah was so small it

scattered church membership are also permitted to could hardly compare with other betterequipped and establish branch libraries. Both regions and isolated wellestablished genealogical organizations. The

stakes may establish more than one branch geneawords of Nephi Anderson, spoken 55 years ago, took logical library if the area covered is quite large and on a very special meaning on June 22, 1966, when if one genealogical library would not satisfy the needs the most unique storage vault of its kind in the world of the Saints.—a vault that stores records from "every nation under

To start a branch genealogical library, the regional heaven"—was dedicated in a canyon 20 miles southchairman or the stake president should write to the east of Salt Lake City.

SEPTEMBER 1966 791 Communication: Yout Gold

BY DUANE HIATT

"'Give,'said the little stream.

'Give, oh! give...,'"Every upturned face was intent on the

message of the words and the lilting melody. "Give then for Jesus

give...."The audience sang on.

In a moment the song closed. There

was a split second of silence, then warm, welcome applause.

Who were these intent young people, and why were they singing "'Give,'said the little stream"? They

were students at Oklahoma Baptist College, or SeattlePacific College, or Wisconsin State University. They

were Yankees and Canadians gathered for a youth conference at the University of Massachusetts. They

were eight thousand students at Brigham Young

University, singing in perfect harmony. They were

even the bearded intellectuals at Berkeley, California.

They were all very modern young adults and not in the habit of singing children's songs, but there they were—singing, enjoying it, and being uplifted by it.

These are beautiful memories for "The Three D's,"golden moments when we had something to put across and the audience "had ears to hear."The time

and the timing were right—and we communicated.

"To every thing there is a season,"said Ecclesiastes (3:1)—a time to sow, a time to reap, a time to weep,

a time to laugh. I might add, there is a time to get

your message across. This is known by every wife

who ever cooked, with ulterior motives, her husband's favorite chocolate brownies. The right preparation

makes the communication more effective.

Everyone has a vital stake in communication, but to those who have been called to spread the word of the

Master to the world and to each other, communication can be a matter of spiritual life and death. How

can you give them "ears to hear,""hearts to understand,"whether it is your Sunday School class, the nonmember at the next desk, or that stubborn, lovable teenager?,

Part of the secret lies in recognizing that ( 1 ) there are golden moments for communication, (2) these

792 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA en Moments

times can be both discovered and created, and (3) One of the most dramatic golden moments created your fulfillment of these golden opportunities is for communication happened more than two thoudirectly related to your unique personality. sand years ago in the nibble of a proud civilization.

A mother of nine once told of walking through her Like, most golden moments that are created, it showed living room one day. She glanced at her teenage preparation. For three hours the ground lurched and

son on the couch and then continued on with her reeled. Seas flooded their shores and inundated whole

work. But something in his expression registered in cities. Lightnings and tempests swept the land. The

her mind, and the dusting suddenly seemed less imground yawned open, forming huge fissures that portant. She returned, and he was still there with the swallowed everything in their paths. The very earth

same expression. He had disagreed with some friends, groaned and retched sulphur and smoke against those

a misunderstanding that was not his fault—it never who had crucified its creator. Then total blackness

is when you are thirteen—but which needed straightcovered the ruins. The dead were left unburied, the

ening out. If the mother had waited until later that injured moaned in the darkness, and everywhere the

night to talk with him, perhaps he would have worked sinner was left for three days to remember and the problem out by himself, but that priceless moment to regret.

for communication between mother and son would "Wo, wo, wo unto this people;... it is because of

have been lost. their iniquity and abominations that they are fallen!"

It was just a moment—but life is made of such mocame a voice from the heavens. (3 Ne. 9:2.) But

ments. The woman at the well stopped for just a the moment for communication had not yet come.

moment, and from Jesus she heard of living water In silence, the people waited for several hours. Then

from which one would never thirst. Peter and his—and not until then—did it come. "... it was riot a

brethren paused briefly at their nets and became harsh voice, neither was it a loud voice; nevertheless,

fishers of men. Saul the disbeliever became Paul the and notwithstanding it being a small voice, it did

believer, after just a moment's conversation. pierce them that did hear to the center, insomuch

History and our own experience convince us that that there was no part of their frame that it did not there are golden moments for communication. But in cause to quake; yea, it did pierce them to the very

order to recognize such moments, we often need to soul, and did cause their hearts to burn."(3 Ne.

develop sensitivity to those around us and the condi11:3.)

tions with which we are confronted daily. The sobering effect of that communication and of

A good exercise to help increase sensitivity is to go Christ's appearance inspired a whole nation for more through one day of dedicated search for golden than a century and ushered in the golden age of moments. the Nephites.

You will be amazed at your discoveries. You In smaller measure each of us has this power to

will discover golden moments at the most unusual find and to create opportunities to reach out to those times and places, but primarily you will find them around us. The story is not farfetched of the father

wherever you detect concern and the need for human who placed a caterpillar larva near the porch so that consideration in those around you. when the larva turned into a beautiful butterfly, he

Often, however, the golden moment for communicould discuss death and resurrection. An equally

cation doesn't present itself in the manner or place enterprising mother found a way to reach her errant that would best serve our interests. This leads to the young son. She purposefully left some hamburger

next area of thought, that of creating our own buns in a plastic bag on the table. Several days later,

golden moments. when the son commented (Continued on page 832)

SEPTEMBER 1966 793 It is now known that both Isaiah and Jeremiah abridged their writings and sealed

scholars widely have most agreed, them up for people 1-13 as the original i.e., chaptersReaders of the Book of Mormon

- asare familiar with the pattern of its Isaiah collection and 4955 as the of a later dateprophets who abridged, annotated, authentic DeuteroIsaiah. Only

added commentaries, and sealed these two sections are quoted in did also certain up their writings for another peothe Book of Mormon.

ple. The author claims that our Why does Nephi, the passionate Book of Mormon

presentday book of Isaiah and devotee, as he proclaims himself, other biblical writings have gone of the writings of Isaiah, quote prophets.

through the same process. only from these two blocks of those

writings? Can it be that they repThe most widely accepted of all resent what pretty well was the

the divisions of Isaiah is the threewriting of Isaiah in Lehi's time?

fold classification, following The failure to quote from the first writes,Brothersealsot faredwhat

Isaiah's own designation, of the chapter, the most famous of all, he thelearnsLord.from

Words of Isaiah (ch. 1-35), the suggests the theory of some scholAccounts (Berichte, 3639), and ars that that chapter is actually a

again the Words ( 4066 ). 4;i general summary of the whole prophecies,Isaiah writesteachingshis

That the titles are authentic is work and may have been added implied in the designations of secafter."But we are playing the

tions of the Book of Mormon by same game as the others, and it is their ancient titles as The Words time to return to firmer ground.

of Mormon, "An account of the The Transmission of the Record.

sons of Mosiah... according to If others than Isaiah wrote about

the record of Alma"(note prehalf the words in his book, why do ceding Al. 17, italics added), and we not know their names? The 5666,"and yet "the relationship

"the account of the people of answer is, because of the way in between c. 1-39 and 4055 is just as

Nephi... according to the record which they worked. They were (as close... and the resemblances

of Helaman...."(Note preceding it is now explained) Isaiah's own include even peculiarities of

Al. 45; italics added.) This is the disciples or students, collecting and speech."4 "With the spirit and the

sort of complexity that scholars explaining his sayings with no words of the true Isaiah thus perdiscover everywhere in Isaiah, desire to be original; always they vading and dominating the whole

where certain words may serve as kept the master's teachings forework, the items that depart from key words or signatures, denoting most in mind. What we have in the standard can be readily exthe beginning or ending of an inIsaiah is a lot of genuine words of plained on one theory or another.

dependent writing that has been the prophet intermingled with Significantly enough, the Book inserted into the text. If anything, other stuff by his wellmeaning of Mormon itself proclaims the rethe Book of Mormon attests the followers. 11 Every chapter, includeditings and manipulations of the

busy reshuffling and reediting of ing those in Deuteroand TritoIsaiah text all over the place. Every

separate parts of sacred writings Isaiah, contains genuine words of one of the 21 chapters extensively that often go under the name of a Isaiah; and every chapter includquoted in the Book of Mormon

single prophet. ing all those in the early part of appears in that work with an imIt is further significant that the the book, contains words that are pressive number of additions,

only passages from Isaiah quoted not his. deletions, alterations, and transpoin the Book of Mormon are chapAs Eissfeldt sums it up, in spite sitions. On the testimony of the

ters 2-14 and 4854. This correof all differences there are "very Book of Mormon, the standard

sponds surprisingly to the major strong stylistic and historical retexts of Isaiah that have reached divisions of Isaiah on which the semblances between 4055 and us have indeed suffered in the

794 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SINCE CUMORAH (SINCE QUMRAN) BY HUGH NIBLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION, BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

Ether Moroni

translates Mosiah commentariesf.F adds writings, abridges

Jared's, of Brother! to of Jared's Brother commentaries, adding

writings, Ether's writings, hides then buries then hides then them. them. them.

Isaiah's later isaiah Later abridgment f'abridges own Isaian scholar an centuries is tound writings, possibly commentaries, adds scholardisciples seals later; metal, on then earlier| refines

commentaries, add abridgment. up additions.

copy. hide

Jeremiah Twenty years later writes his Jeremiah abridges prophecies, his work and hides teachings. it in clay jar.

process of transmission. That proing"; (2) this he writes down on a oracles in condensed form that

cess has recently been the subject specially prepared document, and they might also stand as a witness of a significant study by Douglas (3) in the presence of witnesses when the day comes, that Yahweh

Jones, which may be profitably (4) he seals it carefully and (5) had declared before hand,"49 both perused in conjunction with the lays the writings away in a clay transmitting "a single symbolic very extensive statements contained jar "that they may continue many prediction made to contemporaries in the Book of Mormon explaining days."47 This, Jones observes, "was but also written down and witthe peculiar customs of preserving a quite ordinary business transnessed that people of a later time

and transmitting the record among action,"but where the document might see its fulfillment as Yahthe Nephites. is no ordinary business paper but weh's work."For this it is necesJones begins by noting that a the word of prophecy, "every word sary to seal the record "that it will

special technique of prophetic of the narrative breathes prophetic not be tampered with"and to bury transmission was employed among significance."48 it or entrust it only to faithful

the ancient Jews. This is exempliTwo centuries earlier Isaiah disciples. 50

fied by the cases of Isaiah and operated in the same way. He At once the example of the Book

Jeremiah. The latter, when he wrote an abridgement of his longer of Mormon springs to mind, rooted

wishes to convey the word of writings on a gillayon, "possibly a as it is in the Old World practices prophecy to men of a future time, tablet of polished metal,"accordcurrent in the days of these very (1) makes an abridgement of his ing to Jones, which he sealed up prophets: like their works it is an

past prophecies in order to "sumin the presence of three witnesses abridgement of much more extenmarize the message of twenty and laid away "that they might sive writings, put down on tablets years into a concentrate suitable live for future generations."48 Both of metal, witnessed, sealed, and

for a single, uninterrupted readprophets "write down a number of (Continued on page 799)

SEPTEMBER 1966 795 Is? NEIL J. FLINDERSFaithWhatBY

INSTRUCTOR. OGDEN INSTITUTE OF RELIGION

What is faith? Why is it so important? of God. Second, it is not possible to have

is in faith not true. does These Jesus Christ howAnd

his sins to the applied ignorance? from and These save tT\"oUi'&*% #**fc %illi tr%lU#***! faithtwo inconcepts,anything whenthatman

are vital and challenging questions for CHURCHCONDUCTEDSCHOOLBY SYSTEMTHE principle of faith, lead one to a new the religious educator—vital because appreciation of the intimate and personal

they exist in the minds of our students and challengconcern our Father in heaven has for his children.

ing because they are difficult to answer on an He offers us security and protection from error and "explanatory"level. evil powers if we will only accept it.

Faith, like many other spiritual principles, can be In order to review rationally the process of acquirfully comprehended only through experience with it. ing faith, it seems necessary to become almost overly

But a nebulous statement such as this, even though simple. To obtain faith a person must first have

it is true, seems evasive and fails to satisfy the searchlife, life which produces perceptions and knowledge ing minds of sincere Latterday Saint students. To based upon experience. These perceptions and exthem faith is a muchtalked-about, seldomexplained periences constitute the raw material from which a

subject. They recognize its importance, enjoy the person begins to believe, to anticipate, or to expect

fruits of its power, but yearn for a more extended that which has not yet come to pass. He draws tentarational explanation—an explanation* they can put into tive conclusions about things that he has not as yet

words, their own words. experienced, and he does this more or less on the

Of course these students are familiar with Hebrews basis of his past experience 1:. To believe is to think

11:1, "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, something with some degree of conviction Belief

the evidence of things not seen,"but somehow this starts where experimental knowledge ends.

statement seems a little abstract, a little vague. It Now, one's belief need not be correct. One can

serves the purpose when the teacher asks the questhink something regardless of its truthfulness, accution, "John, what is faith?"But down inside, John racy, error, or probability of occurring. To believe

secretly hopes that following his letterperfect quote, then, according to our basic assumptions, does not the teacher will not respond with something like, mean one has faith.

"Yes, John, but what does that mean?"When this The second step toward faith is to act on the

happens there just does not seem to be much to say. basis of one's belief, in effect, to test the belief.

Recognizing the inherent limitation of trying to This action, this behavior, if it is related to our rationalize explicitly a principle that transcends the spiritual welfare, is subject to a confirmation from mental process and becomes involved at the spiritualGod. If we are spiritually in tune we receive the

feeling level of our understanding, the writer would confirmation. In this way God gives his witness to

like to suggest one or two ideas that might help John us concerning behavior that is pleasing to him and respond to that second question, the hope being that essential to our spiritual development, this rational pattern will stimulate the necessary inFaith comes into existence after we have had a spiration and motivation to carry John toward a more belief, acted upon that belief, and received confirmaintimate acquaintance with faith in his daily behavior, tion from God that that which we acted upon was

In the final analysis, exercising one's faith is the only good and true. We cannot obtain faith without acting

way to arrive at an accurate appreciation of its value, upon something that is true and receiving confirmaRevelation has provided two basic assumptions tion from God. Faith is a gift of God, and men

underlying the principle of faith that can guide one's cannot have faith without help from God. Furtherthinking. First, we are informed that faith is a gift more, God will confirm {Continued on page 816)

796 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ''Flesh and

blood

hath not

revealed

it unto thee, but my

Father

which is in

heaven >?

A DRAWING

TAKEN FROM A PHOTOGRAPH OF MICHELANGELO BUONARROTI'S SCULPTURE "CHRIST.

SEPTEMBER 1966 The Conquest of Habit BY HARLAN HOUSE

In reading world history we are impressed by the perfection?""Is it in harmony with the gospel?"

exploits of daring men leading mighty armies and "Would the Savior do it?"Throughout your search,

conquering great nations. Yet how often do we conpray the Lord to reveal to you the true nature of the

sider the magnitude of those silent wars that rage habit, carefully remembering that his will is what you within the individual in his campaign to master himare seeking.

self and conquer evil habits? If the habit in question flunks this type of testing,

One of man's worst habits is to minimize the imthe call to battle is clear, and you should take the portance of rooting out of his conduct patterns all next step:

things that are not of the Lord. The battle in which

one "chases the darkness out of himself"demands the 2. Realize that with the Lord's help you can conquer the habit. Don't underestimate this power. Elderkind of heroism upon which true manhood and true

womanhood depend. President Hugh B. Brown said, Sterling W. Sill said, "I find a great many people

is a weak man."To fight the good fight is one of the bravest and discouraged, and a discouraged man

The most widespread disease in the world is the innoblest of life's experiences, not the bloodshed and first understand who wethe battle of man with man, but the grapple with feriority complex. We should

are—that we are the children of God, and that themental and spiritual adversaries."

offspring has the potentiality of the parent."And

A Plan of Attack since that heavenly parent is ever willing to respond to sincere prayers, the most strategic position to begin 1. The first step in overcoming an unwanted habit a battle is on your knees. Report to the Lord your

is to recognize the habit for what it is. It must be desires and ask for his help. The two of you cannot

clear that here is an enemy. Said the Apostle Paul, lose.

"... if the trumpet give an uncertain sound, who shall 3. When the enemy habit threatens to present itprepare himself to the battle?"(1 Cor. 14:8.) self again, the fight is on, and this is the time to talk

If you've learned from the prophets that the habit tough to yourself!

in question is forbidden by commandment of the Map out a plan of what you are going to do to

Lord or if you know by the whisperings of the Spirit overcome habit, and what action you are going to that it is wrong, it is certain that the enemy habit put in its place. Breaking an unwanted habit is

is a souldestroying practice that must be forsaken. much easier if you replace it with a good habit.

But, on the other hand, some habits may present Resolve to implement something that will assist you "hazy labels"—that is, mixed feelings concerning them in those early periods of casting aside your "personal

may obscure their true nature. Truth as to the good darkness."

or evil nature of a habit is revealed when you learn President Brigham Young gave us a good example what our allknowing Creator says about it. Search of this when he said, "If, when the time for prayer

the words of the Lord for insight, particularly the life comes, you have not the spirit of prayer upon you, and words of Jesus, in an effort to learn about the your knees are unwilling to bow, say to them, 'Knees, habit. get down there'; make them bend, and remain there

If you are still uncertain as to the nature of the until you obtain the Spirit of the Lord."

habit, back away from it for a moment and analyze He might also have said, "Think about why you its effect on your life. Barrage it with such questions need the Lord, and think of all his goodnesses tb you."

as these: "Does it help my body/mind/spirit to grow Both aspects of doing something about the negative

and develop?""Does it increase my power to do aspect and implementation of something positive

good?""Does it advance me on the road to eternal are included here.

Let's Review Our Strategy:

1 Recognize the habit for what it is.

2 Realize that with the help of the Lord you can overcome and that prayer is your greatest weapon.

3 Really talk tough to yourself, and flatly refuse to "cave in"in rationalizations or to be deceived by "excuses."Then follow your plan.

One last point: When you're in the thick of the so in the words of President Brown, "hold on when

battle, remember that victory is just a little bit past there is nothing in you except the will that says to what Satan would like you to believe is your limit, you 'hold on.'

798 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Since Cumorah ples of the period following the what we see happening over and (Continued from page 795) fall of Jerusalem."The third traover again in the Book of Mormon.

buried to come forth as a witness ditio is marked by the commentary Take the longest tradition, for for God in the later time. of "the greatest of all Isaiah's example. In protohistoric times the

Jones explains the present state disciples, whose work is now Lord told the brother of Jared (as of our Isaiah text by attributing it shown over and over again to he is reported to have told Enoch largely to the three successive reveal close knowledge of the and others of the Adamic and transmissions by which it has come teaching of Isaiah of Jerusalem."Patriarchal ages): "Write these

down to us. The first traditio, as he Desiring only to transmit the things and seal them up; and I will

calls it, was the work of Isaiah master's work in the clearest posshow them in mine own due time himself, who prepared his metal sible form, this disciple adds his unto the children of men."(Eth.

plates or whatever they were and "reflexion on the marvellous way 3:27.)

sealed them up to be a witness at in which the divine word has been The patriarch did as he was told, a later time; the second was the fulfilled."51 and in due time his writings came

bringing forth of this record Compare these three steps in the into the hands of Ether, who "went hundreds of years later "by discilong process of transmission with forth, and beheld that the words of the Lord had all been fulfilled,"and then added his part to the writing, "and he finished his record... and he hid them in a manner

that the people of Limhi did find them."(Eth. 15:33.) Next the

"... MY CRITERION writings were brought to King

..."Mosiah, who translated them but OF GOODNESS

was commanded to hide them up until a later generation. (Eth. 4:1.)

Hundreds of years later Moroni

RICHARD L. EVANS got them, made a stringent abridgement of them ( "and the hundredth

At a time of tightening standards on material things, it is ironic—tragic—part I have not written,"15:33),

that there should seem to be a loosening of standards pertaining to people adding all kinds of commentaries labels, drugs, foods, principles, laws, morals. onpersonally—to While

for there greater is pressing accuracymaterials of every and and explanations of his own, after kind honesty, there seems at the same time to be more condoning of moral which, he reports, "he commanded laxity, more compromising of principles, laws, commandments, more me that I should seal them up; and

disposition to justify little—or much—of what shouldn't be done. While... that I should seal up the ininsisting on precision and quality of physical product, some will say terpretation thereof"(4:5), and

principle merely pertaining have become to moral law and decisionsthat there finally, "I am commanded that I if this could preference. of personal were so, Buta matter how

be any standards that we could count on? To judge ourselves and others should hide them up again in the

and to keep ourselves safe, there must be measures of what is true earth."(4:3.)

or false, what is right or wrong among the alternatives offered. And In our own dispensation they

the effect on people, their health, their happiness, is the measure of were brought forth again with the the the spirit, mind, what the body, or bad. is good What buildswhat stipulation: "And unto three withealth impairs and happiis good. happiness health and Whatimproves

... ness is bad. What leads a man to morality, to honesty, to prayerfulness, nesses shall they be shown.

to peace, to a quiet conscience is good. What leads him to turmoil, to "And in the mouth of three witquarreling with himself, to impairing his peace and selfrespect is bad. nesses shall these things be estabWhat is enslaving, habit forming, and impairs our powers could hardly lished;... and all this shall stand

mitigates this guide: "Whatever has given Robert Burns wholesome.be

of as a testimony against the world of others—this the happiness is my criterion the woes or increases

goodness,"he said. "And whatever injures society at large, or any indiat the last day."(Eth. 5:3-4.) After

vidual in it—this is my measure of iniquity."This would seem to help this they were removed again with

decide: Whatever relieves human problems or increases happiness, real the understanding that many parts

happinessthe happiness of health, of peace, of goodness—is good. What of them still remain to be made

is bad. morally, physically, mentally, in it, or anyone injures society manifestations. in future for known are there principlesas for people, standardsfor be must There

is identical process whole The right of the consequences aside setting of there is no way products. And

or wrong. with that now attributed to the

transmission of Isaiah's text. The

presented Square, from Temple Spoken Word""The over KSL and the Columbia important thing to note is that each 1966. 1966. Copyright 26, System June Broadcasting

SEPTEMBER 1966 799 transmitter did not merely hand of transmission with periodic recially Isaiah, up to date. ("... for

the records intact to the next one. editings when Mr. Jones points it I did liken all the scriptures unto

Every one of the successive editors out to us in Isaiah? The presence us...."(1 Ne. 19:2223. Italics

did something to them—abridging, of such additions and changes no added.) He explains that without

annotating, explaining, translating, more disqualifies it as the work of a radical reinterpretation by him doing what he could to make the Isaiah than Mormon's redoing of his people could not even begin to ancient words more comprethe plates of Nephi impugn the comprehend what the prophets hensible to his own age and the authorship of Nephi. were talking about: "... the words

people who should come after. The transmitters of Isaiah, we of Isaiah are not plain unto you,"

A large part of the book of Ether are told, "adapted the words of the he tells them frankly (2 Ne. 25:4;

consists of Moroni's own "reflexion master to contemporary situations, italics added), being written in a on the marvellous way in which expanding them and adding furspecial idiom that only the Jews the divine word has been fulfilled,"ther oracles.""'- And that is exactly understand (v. 5), and that Nephi

making Moroni Ether's "Deuterowhat the writers of the Book of understands because he knows

Isaiah,"yet for all that it is still the Mormon do, beginning with Nephi, their cultural and historical setbook of Ether."'la Why then should who abridges his father's writings, ting: "... I, of myself, have dwelt

we not recognize the same process brings all the prophets, and espeat Jerusalem, wherefore I know concerning the regions round about."(V. 6.)

If the process of transmission from the brother of Jared to MARRIAGEAND CHARACTER thereMoroniis evidenceseems fabulouslythat the systemlong, was a very old and persistent one in the Old World as well as in the

RICHARD L. EVANS New. It has been shown that the

identical system used by Isaiah

What we have in our hearts to say today pertains to the goodness and was used by Jeremiah 200 years purpose of life, to peace and happiness in marriage and in the home, later. Twelve years ago we showed

and to the whole future of families. First of all, marriage must be in The Improvement Era what

with character.coupled It requires to live character in this closest of others of more authority have since

all relationships also of life. Marriage requires kindly consideration and

the overlooking of many small things and an earnest disposition not to confirmed: that the sealing and

find fault. Anyone could annoy anyone at times, and anyone who looks laying away of some of the Dead

for faults and flaws will surely find them. Marriage requires companionSea Scrolls consciously carried on

ship and encouragement and confidence and kindly, forthright frankness the same tradition and used the—not holding within the small resentments and not sitting and brooding same techniques, in the same conin silence. It requires keeping things out in the open, freely talking

out problems as equal partners. It requires also solvency, with a realistic fidence that the record would

regard for income and outgo, with an organized ambition and effort to come forth as a witness in a later get ahead, and with a measure of contentment as to what cannot now time. 53

be reasonably reached. Marriage requires selfcontrol. There is no place Thus the tradition and practice

in a good marriage for hasty, illtempered utterance or for selfishness survived from the time of Isaiah or selfindulgence. It requires loyalty and faithfulness and moral cleanliness. No marriage should be allowed to become commonplace. If right down to the end of the Jewneglected or abused, it may possibly be brought back to what it once ish nation. And in the other direcwas, but it is better to keep it sweet and wholesome from the first, so tion it goes back to ages long

that there may be no scars. But if offenses should come, let there be before Isaiah, when the Torah

forgetting, intentforgiving earnest always with the and let there be of itself was deposited in the ark last, this carries privilege relationship for every with it anmaking obligation, and every child brought into the world is an inescapable for the very purpose of providresponsibility. Marriage is the most complete commitment of life, and ing a written witness for later

as such it should receive the best effort of all who enter it. It must ages. In Israel the transmission

include sincere service, respect, humility and prayerfulness, the healing of the sacred records went hand in faith faith love, convictions—faith of God, and andpower common

faith in everlasting things of life. future, thein the you and who in hand with the transmission of To

venture into marriage—and to you who have, and to you who ever will the crown itself, "just as Joash is

—remember that respect and love and confidence must be earned every handed the 'eduth with his crown

day. when he is made king,"the 'eduth

being "the covenant or the tablets "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System June 12, 1966. Copyright 1966. or the book as something deposited

800 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA After all, a cheap tire might be good enough. If you never travel

at turnpike speed for hours on end. If you never have to AMERICAN OIL COMPANY

III I maanuMilll—W make a sudden stop on a wet, slippery road. If you don't ever MWMMllMIl II

expect to hit jagged rocks or broken pavement. But if you're like

most drivers, you'll feel better with the extra margin of i IS l*s is-'lil. Sis? iSlio MS.OS SiSSsS is? CisSJMi>

safety we build into our super tire. With an inner strength to

withstand sharp impacts that would rip an ordinary tire apart. Hm 32b 015 Z

The rugged durability to stand up under our torturetesting FRED F NEWETH GOOB THSy at a blistering 120 mph. That's why it's the leader of our full 2625 HOLIDAY DR 1 MONTH KEV ORLEANS LA line of quality tires. And one of the most recent reasons

"You expect more from American and you get it!"* MlPIlUMl ll The American Oil Company, 1966 lil

World's largest distributor of Atlas tires

You can buy a cheap tire that looks almost this good.

So what's to stop you?

-,v> and therefore palpably present to ing the validity of the prophecies be destroyed again"(v. 14), to be

be a witness"and not merely by an whose fulfillment yet remains (2 gathered again, however, "after intangible teaching or tradition. 54 Ne. 25:7); hence his writings are many generations"(v. 16 ) in much

The transmission of the records of peculiar "worth unto the chilthe same manner as Israel was with the crown is established prodren of men"in general. (V. 8.) brought out of Egypt—for the

cedure in the Book of Mormon. We are concerned here with a Exodus is another installment of

(Alma 37; Omni 11, 1920; Moro. repeating process: "... they have this repeating story (v. 20) to

10, etc.) been destroyed from generation to which a long line of written reports

In explaining Isaiah to his peogeneration,"but never without bears witness as they too pass down ple, Nephi makes some important warning (v. 9 ); Nephi confirms the "from generation to generation"

points. Much remains of Isaiah's destruction in his day that Isaiah (v. 22).

words to be fulfilled, he tells them, had foretold long before (v. 10), Hence Nephi is witness to the

and in whatever age a fulfillment foretells the restoration to follow same things that Isaiah himself is:

takes place his words stand as a (v. 11), only to lead to another "And the words which I have

witness, each fulfillment guaranteecatastrophe when "Jerusalem shall spoken shall stand as a testimony against you...."(V. 28.) He joins

his words to those of Isaiah in a common declaration, "for he verily saw my Redeemer, even as I have seen him"(2 Ne. 11:2; italics 'WHAT ARE FATHERS

MADE OF?"added),announcementand makesthatthe remarkablesince his

brother Jacob "also has seen him as I have seen him"(v. 3), Nephi,

RICHARD L. EVANS Jacob, and Isaiah stand as three

In writing on the question, "What Are Fathers Made Of?"1 Paul Harvey witnesses to their common teaching

has given some delightful impressions: When school grades are not—they are contemporary, for all

"so good as he thinks they should be,... he scolds the son... though teach the same thing—"... all

he knows it's the teacher's fault.""Fathers grow old faster than people."things which have been given of

Fathers can't cry, "while mothers can cry where it shows.""Fathers God from the beginning of the

are give daughters are not nearly what away good who to other men so that are... grandchildren smarter than they can have anyworld, unto man, are the typifyingenough

body's."And now to another question, with some thoughts on "What of him."(V. 4.)

are fathers for?": First of all, fathers are for giving a name and a All the prophets teach the same

heritage to their children—clean and honorable. Fathers are for long, thing; that is why the pious Jarom

hard work, mostly their own kind of work; for not being home so much says he need not bother to write

as mothers; for seeming to be pretty busy; and for trying to give their

children things that fathers never had. Fathers are for talking with, for down anything: "... I shall not

encouraging, for putting arms around; for understanding mistakes, but write the things of my prophesying,

not condoning them; for disciplining when needed, then loving all the nor of my revelations. For what

more; for being strong and forceful; and for being tender and gentle. could I write more than my fathers

Fathers are something that mothers choose for us to be our fathers, for have written? For have not they

us to bear their names, for us to carry the imprint of all that they are.

And if mothers are wise mothers, they will choose for us the kind of revealed the plan of salvation?"

fathers who share with them a common background and belief, so that ( Jar. 2. ) We have to do here with

each won't teach us different things, so that there won't be conflict and a story already told, with a history confusion, and so that children and families and hearts and homes won't of characteristic and repeating be pulled apart. Somehow we expect mothers and fathers to be wise events recounted in a formulaic

enough to know this before they choose each other, so that in loving and being loyal to both of them we won't be pulled apart. There is so language of set terms and expresmuch that fathers are for: to love us, to listen to, to keep our confidences, sions that cannot be limited to any

to help to plan our purposes, to help to make them possible—and for time or place.

being loved and for being shown a warm and wonderful appreciation. When Jesus himself finally came

(From our earliest years we remember praying to a kind Father in to the Nephites, he again reeditedheaven, who loves his children, who made us in his image, who wants only to give us happiness. ) Another thing that fathers are for is not the whole corpus, recommended

just for now, but something to belong to—all of us—always and forever. the words of Isaiah (3 Ne. 23:1),

All this is what fathers are for—and so much more unmentioned. filled in the gaps of the record

(vss. 8-13), corrected all defects

'Paul Harvey, Remember These Things (The Heritage Foundation, Inc.).

(vss. 4, 6), brought the Nephite

presented Square, from Temple Spoken"The Word"over KSL and the Columbia scriptures up to date (24:1), and 1966. Copyright 19, 1966. SystemBroadcasting June

802 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Give instruction to a wise man, and he will be yet wiser;

Teach a just man, and he will increase in learning."Proverbs 9:9

THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH / 196667

K* "P

Earn undergraduate, professional or graduate J *v'degrees from programs of instruction in ten colleges, two graduate schools, and Lhe division of continuing education. Studies

are offered in ninety major fields.

For specific information about admission, registration, scholarships and loans, single or married student housing, student activities, the honors program, religious jT"organizations, fraternities and sororities, X it write: University of Utah,

Salt Utah 84112. Lake City,

'W C (Information), telephone 3226515Or 3226773 (Public Relations), or p 3227501 (Switchboard). Swr- -,/

,#/ E Order the General Catalog by sending $1.00 l "\t/

to: University of Utah Bookstore,

University of Utah, y 4 Salt Lake City, Utah 84112. >r

Free bulletins of the separate University colleges are available from the deans of the colleges.

REGISTRATION DATES: 4

Autumn Quarter—Sept. 21 (freshmen),

23, 24, 1966 Winter Quarter - Jan. 3, 1967

Spring Quarter - Mar. 25, 1967

Summer Quarter—June 24, 1967

Currently the University is experiencing intensive growth and expansion. A new

library center, new buildings for physics, pharmacy, chemistry and biological sciences, and new additions to the business and engineering buildings are in construction, with buildings for nursing, social I work, behavioral science, fine arts and physical education being planned for the immediate future.

SEPTEMBER 1966 803

then "expounded all the scriptures "... out of the waters of Judah, experts as to the relationship of the

in one,"as a single unified work. or out of the waters of baptism."parts to each other or as to the

(3 Ne. 23:14, 6. Italics added.) Just It is said that Parley P. Pratt sugnature, authorship, or background

so, in the New Testament, when gested the phrase, and certainly of the whole. And as long as no

the Lord appears to the disciples Joseph Smith approved it, for it one has or can produce irrefutable after the resurrection, "he opened stands in all the early editions after proof that any single Isaiah verse... the scriptures"to them. (Lk. the first. Those added words are quoted in the Book of Mormon

24:32.) not only permissible—they are could not have been written before

"And he said unto them, These necessary. 600 B.C., or indeed has not been

are the words which I spake unto If a translation is, as Wilamodefended by reputable scholars as you, while I was yet with you, that witzMellendorff defined it, "a the product of a much earlier time, all things must be fulfilled, which statement in the translator's own the chronological question remains were written in the law of Moses, wide open.

and in the prophets, and in the AT THE ALTAR On the other hand, impressive psalms, concerning me. BY CAROL LYNN WRIGHT positive results have been gained.

thought their underThe he "Then opened that the have discovered Book We forever Of standing, that they might underin is actually out way of Mormon Teased my mind stand the scriptures."(Lk. 24: Like a mountain front in proclaiming the unity and

4445. Through a thickly explaining the diversity of scripIt has often been objected that a Misted view. ture in general and of Isaiah in

plan that is already agreed on and But today the particular. We have discovered

a story that is already told are more Veil dissolved that the peculiar practices emdepressing and repellent to the To show ployed in the transmission of

Eternity eager and inquiring mind than the Is you. inspired writings in the Book of

thrill of exploring the unknown. Mormon, as well as the theory and

But is a journey any less interestwords of what he thinks the author purpose behind those practices, are ing because we have a map to go had in mind,"then surely that the very ones that prevailed in by? On the contrary, the scouts phrase about baptism cannot be Palestine at the time Lehi lived

with the map not only learn more omitted. Isaiah did not have to there. We have come across a great

but have a more exciting time. tell his ancient hearers that he had tradition of prophetic unity that

Since all the prophets tell the the waters of baptism in mind, but made it possible for inspired men same story (2 Ne. 9:2), any it is necessary to tell it to the modin every age to translate, abridge,

prophet is free to contribute anyern reader who without such an expand, explain, and update the thing to the written record that explanation would miss the point—writings of their predecessors withwill make that message clear and for him the translation would be a out changing a particle of the inintelligible. The principle is illusmisleading one without that specitended meaning or in any way

trated throughout the Book of fication. Where continued revelajeopardizing the earlier rights to

Mormon, and indeed by the very tion is accepted and where all the authorship. Isaiah remains Isaiah

existence of the book itself—a book prophets are speaking the same no matter how many prophets rethat shocked the world with its piece, this sort of thing makes no peat his words or how many other

revolutionary concept of scripture difficulty at all. prophets he is repeating. The Book

as an openended production susWe have spent too long on an of Mormon explains how this can ceptible to the errors of men and issue that will probably remain unbe so, and its explanations would amenable to correction by the spirit settled in our generation, but the seem to be the solution to the of prophecy. net result of our little filibuster is Isaiah problem toward which the

The very first Isaiah passage not without justification. The indischolars are at present moving. r,Sa

cited in the Book of Mormon ( cations are that a thorough study Isaiah in the Wilderness. That

Ne. 20:1) differs radically from of the rapidly changing Isaiah Isaiah was actually the head of a

both the Masoretic and the LXX problem may well leave the Book sort of "school of the prophets"is versions, which by their own disof Mormon in a very strong positoday widely recognized. The

agreements show that the original tion indeed. existence of such a society is inditext had been corrupted."3 But that The dating of either the whole cated in an old apocryphal work

is not all, for the second edition of or any part of the DeuteroIsaiah known as the Ascension of Isaiah, the Book of Mormon contains an must remain uncertain as long as in which the prophet appears with addition not found in the first: there is no agreement among the his followers in an episode that

804 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA casts an interesting light on one of and marvellous works of God who the earth became defiled the only the strangest stories in the Book is merciful to men, and of the glory hope of the righteous to escape the of Mormon. of the Father and of his Beloved general destruction to follow was to

"When Somnas the scribe and Son and of the Spirit, and of the flee in terram aliam, which means,

Assur the recordkeeper [cf. Zoram ranks of the holy angels standing according to SchillerSzinessy, to

in the Book of Mormon] heard that in their places...."'(i retire "to a land of the beyond,

the great prophet Isaiah was comHere we have something very where as yet no member of the ing up from Gilgal [near Jericho much like the story of Ammon in human race had dwelt."58 Only

and about ten miles from Qumran] the court of King Lamoni (Al. 18there could the righteous find "a

to Jerusalem, and with him 40 sons 19), with both the king and his pure and quiet place."

of prophets and his own son Jasum, inspired guest being overcome and Since this tradition is specifically they announced his approach to taken for dead and having visions traced to the time of the Tower and

King Hezekiah. When he heard of the glorious plan of salvation. to that region from which the

this King Hezekiah rejoiced exAlso in this fragment we see Isaiah Jaredites set forth on their wanderceedingly and went forth to meet at home among the pious men of ings, it is, to say the least, a rethe blessed Isaiah, taking him by the Judaean desert, the "40 sons of markable coincidence that when the hand and conducting him into prophets,"apparently heading some Jared and his brother wished to his royal dwelling, and ordered sort of religious community as escape both the common defilethat a chair be brought for him."Lehi and other prophets did later ment and the punishment of the

Then the king brought in his son in the same desert, even down to age, "the Lord commanded them

Manasseh and besought the prophet the people of Qumran and the that they should go forth into the to give him a blessing. When monks of the Middle Ages. Such wilderness, yea, into that quarter

Isaiah declared this impossible besocieties, writes J. Eaton, "were where there never had man been."

cause of what he could foresee, the essentially related to the religious (Eth. 2:5. Italics added.)

king was so smitten with grief and communities of later Judaism and (To be continued) dismay that he "sorrowed exceedof Christianity"and were "called ingly and rent his garments and to a special task of guarding and "Eissfeldt, p.FOOTNOTES408.

revelations to is Yahweh's introduction the programmatic,4"This bitterly... and fell upon his witnessingwept

will all the which themes main the first in vouchsafed of Isaiah's handling the and expansion place to presentingdominate face as one dead."

.".. in Zcitschrift oracles. Jones, D.

Isaiah, however, told the king Isaiah."57 Alttestamentliche Wissenschaft, 67 (1955),fiir

that such behavior would profit In the next section, which is a p.is definitely238. L. G.olderRignellthan hasthe arguedrest of thatIsaiah,Ch. toI

it Fohrer, obvious addition; see G. is an of which of the lost "Testament fragment since nothing 68. Satan would p. him

in Vetus Testamentum, 9 (1960), Eaton, op.4 "'J.cit.,

to R. H. Charles, Isaiah,"according Later, his Manasseh. 149. have 138141, way with pp.

cit., J0Eissfeldt, op. 466. p. before King see Isaiah accused the king's we on while cit., he was sitting 227-8. op.

three 4TJones,u Ibid., witnesses were 231. p. pp.The false prophet Manasseh by a prophet the was conversing, Isa. 8:2. himself.bed Isaiah Zechariah, who Uriah, and

overcome by the Spirit, "and his wins the king and the people to lbid.,'Hbid., p.pp.237.228f, 236. Isaiah 30:8 is anconsciousness was carried away his side with "flattering words"—standother "permanentas a witness recordthat hisof planIsaiah'shad oraclesbeen deto

from this world, so that Somnas the a reminder both of the opponent of claredUbid.,of p.old."245.

recordkeeper began to say that the righteous Teacher in the Dead increasingly"Fohrer, acceptedop. cit., ideapp. 6465,of the booknotes ofthatIsaiahthe

Isaiah was dead. But when HezeSea Scrolls and of the troubles of asproachthe workto theof olda "school"idea of issingleactuallyauthorship,an apkiah the King came in and took his Zenos in the Book of Mormon. strictsince andall devoutcompositionadherencewas to undertakenthe teachingswithof

hand he knew that he was not Since he cannot endure the awful onein themaster.Book ofTheMormon.concept is very conspicuous

dead; but they thought he had wickedness of Jerusalem, Isaiah is r>L'Jones,done. Theop. cit.,disciplespp. 240244,felt free showsto updatehow thisthe

died.... And thus he lay upon the goes into the desert again with his namespreachingof citiesmore andintelligibleindividualsto tocontemporarymake their

bed of the King in his transported followers, this time camping in "a hearers.r,:!Tfte ImprovementFohrer, op. cit.,Era,pp.February73, 240.1954, p.

state (ecstasy) for three days and quiet and pure place on a moun89.

5,Jones, op. cit., p. 234.

pp. three nights. Then his spirit retain"not far from Bethlehem and 103ff.:':'The Improvement Era, February 1965,

survey C. Lindhagen by "aAn exhaustive turned to his body,"and Isaiah still very near Qumran.

present the shows that (1953/4) is studies toward less treatment( 1 ) a moreof conservathe text; arbitrary "summoned Jasum his son and This retreat to a pure place reIsaiahtive and trend in

appeared had to reconcile what a tendency (2) Somnas the scribe and Hezekiah moved from men has a very anSuffering e.g., in Isaiah; the ideas conflicting as

of different for a stand number can the King and all those who stood cient background. There is a Servant

increasing groups; and individuals (3)

of ordinances the temple influence of the about such as were worthy to hear tradition that H. Gressmann has nition recogop. cit., Fohrer, p. 243. teachings; G. in Isaiah's

those things he had seen."To them run down to the time of the Flood ""H. Charles, The Ascension of Isaiah (Oxhe delivered an ecstatic discourse and the Tower and to the northern ford,">7J. 1905),Eaton, Vetuspp. 141-3.Testamentum, 9, p. 149.

on the "surpassing, indescribable regions of Mesopotamia that when forschung,>H. Gressmann,3 (1926), inp. 12.Archiv fiir OrientSEPTEMBER 1966 80S

...V&CCUUbh

BY RUTH PETERMAN

"Hi."Davie, age four, stood in my bedroom doorway, holding his kitten.

I had preceded him upstairs by about two minutes.

He extended his arms to me. Thinking he offered

me the kitten, I took it, but he immediately reached for it again. As I gave it back, I asked,

"Did you come up here to show me the kitty?"

"No,"he replied simply. "I just came to see you

because I love you."

"Because I love you."Reason enough for climbing the

stairs with the kitty's extra weight.

I pondered how precious the spikenard of a deed thus performed out of love. What countless

opportunities are ours every day to break the seal of the costly perfume of love, allowing its matchless fragrance to escape, penetrating the obligatory and hallowing the mundane.

. ".. "I just came to see you because I love you."

Jk If, Even as "beauty is its own excuse for being,"love is its own excuse for doing.

: "::Sme:W::m>ism::mZ::M>r 1M—'""

8O6 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fly over Travel right Why the scenery? through it

Sure you're in a hurry. But once in a while, on that That's because the Dome cars were built just for that

business trip, why not give yourself a break? Why purpose—to see the scenery. May we remind you of

not take the train? some other pleasures of train travel? How about the

convenience of a private room... a dining car with

trains. to here take from They you You remember

variety of a freshlyprepared lounge car—foods—a

is. the the scenery there—where on ground down friends. for great relaxing or reading, winning

it right... slow so you through can enough You go

see it, but fast enough so you arrive wherever you're Yes, train travel is great—a vacation all the way!

going almost before you want to. Let us tell you more. Call us or your favorite

And up in a Union Pacific Domeliner—ah what a view! travel agent.

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

SEPTEMBER 1966 807

The Church Moves On The appointment of a church David B. Haight was ap-

( Continued from page 763 real estate committee was pointed to the priesthood misthe Happy Way,"taken from announced. Members are Presidsionary committee and Phil D.

a statement of President David O. ing Bishop John H. Vandenberg, Jensen to the priesthood welfare

McKay. MIA theme for 196667 Fred A. Baker, vice chairman of committee.

is "There is a law, irrevocably dethe church building committee, and

Wilford church Jr., W. Kirton, First Presidency anin the beforecreed foundaheaven QThe

Sterling, legal counselor. Albert of the appointments nounced this all world,tions of which upon

of the formerly representative S. L. Arthur Anderson and Bryan areblessings predicated—And when

is building committee in London, to the priesthood Bunker home any blessing from God,we obtain it is by obedience to that law upon director of the new real estate teaching committee.

which it is predicated."(D&C department, and Lee D. Eaton of

church planning comadvanced130:2021.) Era the of Improvement The Hugh B. Brown P| President will serve as adviser. mittee

is course the reading for the year. at the First Presidency spoke

The Young Artists Music Festi- a Brigham Young University dinner val in the Tabernacle and Galaxy New stake presidencies susculminating a sixweek biennial of Roadshows at Kingsbury Hall Ll tained: President Jack H. summerschool program for semi-

A. counselors and Mark Theatre Goaslind Pioneer Memorialand institute teachers. nary Others and

S. William and Schwendiman this evening.were presented the Authorities, of the General

( Salt Partridge in the Mt. Olympus of Education, and Board Church

President Stake; KenLake area) sesDay-long departmental BYU officials also attended the Counselors neth H. Myers and on the schedule sions were dinner.

for the MIA conference. In the Willard L. Allen and H. Jack Sat-

(Idaho) in the Alameda bothevening the music and the terfield of Jesse M. Smith A. Stake; President Garth James President festivals were repeated.roadshow anthe Arizona Temple Alfred counselors Darol D. and

in in counselors a change nounced Winter K. Lawson in the and John in general the meeting A presidency. the temple N. Leo Stake. Quarters (NebraskaIowa) directhe Tabernacle under counselor, formerly Packer, second

thistion of the First Presidency A. to succeed Fred named inwas golfers, 170 Approximately concludedmorning the annual June released. Turley, second The new S. the and U. Open JII eludingconference. is A. counselor Frank Shumway. Billy champion, Western Open

The First Presidency anCasper, teed off this morning at nounced the appointment of Willow Creek Country Club in the P| President Joseph Fielding

Milton W. Russon, second counannual allchurch tournament. Smith of the First Presidency

selor in the South Davis (Utah) Casper, a recent convert to the and president of the Council of the

Stake presidency, as president of Church, who was not in title play, Twelve observed his 90th birthday.

the Southern Australian Mission, played 27 exhibition holes and He began the day by serving as succeeding President Richard S. conducted a clinic. grand marshal for the children's

Tanner. parade of the Days of '47 celebraPresident Hugh B. Brown of the tion; a family dinner honored him

First Presidency dedicated the JULY 1966 in the evening. The evening beGranite Mountain Records Vault in fore his birthday he was guest of

Little Cottonwood Canyon southMike Smith won the allhonor at a supper and reception at east of Salt Lake City. church medalist golf trophy. Hotel Utah, sponsored by The Im-

A threeday seminar for newly Bob Andreason took the junior provement Era and the general called mission presidents began in division; Paul Ownby, the veterans; boards of the Mutual Improvement

Salt Lake City. and L. R. Ivins, the senior veterans. Associations.

Heart's Gambit getting up and going to the door. but none of the fantastic explana-

"I'm leaving for the store now. tions was real. After seeing her,

(Continued from page 778) Is there anything you particularly every explanation he had thought at the end of the block and walked want for dinner?"of collapsed.

down the treelined street, looking "No, Mom,"she answered, going He walked back to the house, for the number 1627. It was a inside. "Oh, maybe one of those rang the bell, and waited.

white stucco house with a wide barbecued chickens..."As she approached the door, he

porch. Paul walked past the house and said, "Hello, Darlene. I'm Paul

A blonde girl was sitting on the to the end of the block. The image Marston."

porch swing. Although she was of the tall, slim girl in white skirt The color faded from her face.

wearing sunglasses, he could see and checkered blue blouse stayed "Hello, Paul,"she said, her voice she was just about 19... and very before him. faltering.

beautiful. He sat down on a low wall and "I had quite a time finding you,

From inside the house, a womtried to untangle his thoughts. He but it was worth it."

an's voice called, "Darlene... had considered such possibilities "Come in, won't you?"she said in

"Yes, Mother,"the girl answered, as that she might have two heads, a small, weak voice. She unhooked

80S THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Use this handy coupon to the screen door and opened it. Very slowly he said, "Well, now

She turned and went to an armthat we have that all taken care of, RENEW YOUR chair across the room. He sat down how about dragging out the chesscouch.on a "I had to find board. We haven't had a game in SUBSCRIPTION

.".. several days."you.

Her hands gripped the armrests. She hesitated, then went to the ui

"Why? Why couldn't you just let cabinet at the side of the room andthings go on? Why did you have returned with the set. "Will you ORDER THE

it all?"to please set you them and spoil As up? come here will ERA FOR A I larger are pieces spoiled? the black "What's Oh, know I notice,

may not be what you expected—not so that I can tell which pieces are

handsome or anything like that, which as I run my hands over FRIEND but somehow I didn't think that them."

would matter so much—not to you.""Queen's pawn to pawn four,"he

She laughed a tight, harsh little said, moving the pawn. "How did

laugh. "Matter to me?"it happen?"

"Yes,"he said, thoroughly con- "King's pawn to pawn four,"she r CUP AND MAIL 1 tused. replied, her hand going unerringly

When she finally spoke again, it to the piece and moving it forward. Please enter a year

was in a carefully controlled whis- "About a year ago my father and subscription to per. "The phone calls—they meant I were in an auto accident. He The Improvement Era for

a great deal to me. I looked forwas killed."

ward to them—enjoyed them—and, "King's pawn to pawn three. Is it Name-

I guess more than that, believing permanent?"Addressyou were interested in me. Yes, "Yes. King's knight to bishop

that most of all."three."City-

"I still am. Very much.""King's knight to bishop three. StateZip-

"Being the 'mystery girl'in your How about going out to dinner life was the closest thing to... to with me tomorrow night?"This is a renewal

a romance I could..."She shook She smiled nervously. "I'm This is a gift

you'd silverware, difference with and clumsyher "Oh, what head.

the (Check one) read to guide Paul... I'm havedoes now? me and it make

blind."menu and..."Give credit for this subscription to

Shock and disbelief hit him "I didn't ask all that, I just asked solidly. if you'd go."Ward or

"With you,"she said, "I could She smiled. "Yes—oh, yes, Paul. Branch

forget it for a while. I could pre- I'd love it."Stake or

tend I was a normal girl playing a—Mission

romantic little game with an interIf gift, also give name and address esting man. There was one person of donor.

in all the world who couldn't say, 'Darlene Evans, oh, yes, the blind ANOTHER GENERATION Name girl'BY HILDA WHELAN Address.

Her voicewas rising sharply as girlsshe aren't "Young went on. he'd more Once come home Iyear

$8.25 $3.00 n blind, aresupposed to be pants. seat they, with the out $5.75 O years of his years

Paul? Shocking, isn't it? I know—I could have trounced him. Add $2.50 for each additional year

I work at a magazine stand and And then I remembered every so often a new customer who a steep, sloping roof, doesn't know about me comes an excellent slide, along. He's interested and pleasant my stern mother threatening

until he finds out I'm blind. Then to tan my backside.

I can feel the reaction—they react I remembered the roof,

Ias though nail, had leprosythe And they I remembered FREE JOB PLACEMENT feel guilty about it, and apologetic wail that I the gave pity pours out. And it hurts—oh, as closeclutching my seat FOR "ID"GRADUATES

how it hurts! I dread that moment. I turned slowly homeward If you are planning a

career business but do not it all I with dreaded most of to the you neat feat perform or the time spend want to it, tried to no, avoidand but you for backwards edging in four of years money of wouldn't let things alone—you had and taking a chair catalogcollege, today.write for a free

to find out."to delay the discovery Registration September 19

He thought of many things he I wasn't all there. Mr. L S. Saunders

might say, but all of them added 1 remembered the hiding LDS Business College up to "I'm sorry you're blind,"and I was forced to receive 41 1 E. So. Temple—

that would be the very worst thing and rejoiced that my child felt Salt Lake City, Utah he could say. no need to deceive.

SEPTEMBER 1966 809 Advertisement

for the roads Intermountain IN NATIONAL West BECAME BANKBRIGHAM YOUNG to host President Ulysses and was 1, 1872 1872 November the Bank

S. Grant when he visited in Salt of Deseret became a national bankfounded and became the

Lake City. -Deseret National Bank. BRIGFirst president was and HAM YOUNG

all officers directors andfirst President of the JOHNBishop ofSHARP,the TwentiethDirector. Ward, the same

Salt Lake City; pioneer railroad as for the Bank of Deseret.BANKofDESERET builder and director of Union Pa- A legal notice, published in the

which became cific Railroad. DESERET NEWS October 29,

FERAMORZ LITTLE, Director. 1872 by the Treasury Department

Salt Lake City three conoffice at the United States CompDeseret National Bank Mayor of secutive terms; Bishopric of the troller of Currency, authorized the

Thirteenth Deseret National Emigration Ward; Bank to provide and later FIRST a National responAgent for the Currency Church and secured by a

sible for the establishment of pledge of United States bonds.SECURITY BANK Liberty Park while mayor.

LEWIS S. HILLS, Cashier and WORDING WAS DIFFERENT

THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY of Director. Assisted with the MorIN 1870s The DESERET NEWS

the first "Mormon Bank"estabmon emigration from Nebraska; on September 18, 1872 printed

lished in Utah is approaching. appointed Receiver of Public Monthese words which are quite a conThe Bank of Deseret (which beeys for the Utah Territory by Prestrast compared with today's use.

came the Deseret National Bank ident Andrew Jackson in 1868. "The Deseret National Bank, forand later First Security Bank) was merly the Bank of Deseret, having

founded under Territorial law AuTHE BANK STARTED ON incorporated in it a savings departgust 10, 1871, nearly 25 years beSAME CORNER WHERE FIRST ment, during the past two years has fore Utah became a state. SECURITY STANDS TODAY The been receiving small sums in dePresident BRIGHAM YOUNG of Bank of Deseret was located at the posit, carrying as low as one dollar,

The Church of Jesus Christ of northeast corner of Main Street upon which eight per cent per

Latterday Saints was the bank's and First South Street, Salt Lake annum interest is allowed, comfirst President. City, Utah. Headquarters of First pounded halfyear. This institution

The organizational meeting of the Security Bank today remain in this has been doing a good business bank was held in the old city hall same iocation—the oldest continbut the election of the board of uous banking corner in Utah.

directors took place in the TabSept. 1, 1871 JOURNAL HISTORY $1,000,000 RESOURCES BY 1880

ernacle in Salt Lake City. OF THE L.D.S. CHURCH, in recThe bank's resources rose from

said: the ognizing in 1872 about $600,000 to more Bank of Deseret, BY PROMINENTFOUNDED

in the 1880. than $1,000,000 During the late succeeds firm bank In addition "ThisPIONEER LEADERS

to BRIGHAM YOUNG, other ofof Hooper, Eldredge and Co., same period deposits increased

ficers and directors who founded Banking, and will continue a genfrom $250,000 to $570,000.

the bank were: eral banking business in the -city, Historically, comments in Leonard

HORACE S. ELDREDGE, Vice receiving deposits, discounting ne- J. Arrington's book BANKING ENPresident and Director. A member gotiable paper, making loans on TERPRISES IN UTAH include

of the First Council of the Seventy; collaterals, buying and selling exsome interesting observations. The

merchant; member of territorial change, gold and silver coin, gold book said that the Deseret National

legislature; Church Emigration dust, land warrants, college script, Bank

.. was the only Mormon comAgent in New York from 186468; bonds, coupons, mutilated currency, ".

President of European Mission for revenue stamps, etc. Collection mercial bank in Utah for many

the Church. promptly attended to and remitted years and cooperated in meeting

WILLIAM H. HOOPER, Director. on date of payments. Foreign exthe economic needs and social

Utah's second delegate to Conchange for sale."goals of the church. The historian,

gress; stalwart defender of rights July 11, 1872 the Bank of Deseret Edward W. Tullidge, regarded it

of Utah's people in Congress and announced that its savings departas the 'financial handmaiden of

President of Z.C.M.I. ment would receive deposits of one the Mormon Church.

WILLIAM JENNINGS, Director. dollar and upwards on which in- "For nine years... Deseret NaMayor of Salt Lake City; assisted terest would be allowed at the rate tional Bank was the only national

Brigham Young in establishing of eight per cent, compounded bank in Salt Lake City. It con-

Z.C.M.I. and in developing railsemi-annually. tinued as the leading national bank

BIO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertisement

of Utah until well into the twenIntermountain area... pioneer the economic growth and developtieth century."stock with a background of broad ment of the land he and his piDESERET NATIONAL experienceing and business.in Intermountain bankoneerBrighamassociatesYoung passedloved soawaydearly.AuBECOMES FIRST SECURITY gust 29, 1877, just six years after

Deseret National Bank was merged RESOURCES NOW MORE establishing the Bank of Deseret.

into the First Security organization THAN $800,000,000 Today, reToday, one wonders if this great

April 7, 1932, operating under the sources of the First Security system leader foresaw the growth and names Security National Bank, of banks total more than $800,000,- prosperity which the banks he

First National Bank and, since May 000 and play an important role in established helped make possible.

1, 1948, as; First Security Bank, serving the banking needs of a

National Association—the name it region with a population of apThe Bank of Deseret and Deseret

bears today. proximately 1,800,000. Deposit acNational Bank were the only banks

counts total nearly 400,000. of which Brigham Young was presFIRST SECURITY IS PROUD OF The more than 100 First Security ident.

ITS PIONEER HERITAGE banking offices spread south from

Church officials continue to help the Canadian border to the southTODAY EACH FIRST guide the destinies of First Seeast and southwest corners of SECURITY BANKING OFFICE curity. Utah, encompass an area in Utah, plays an important role in the com-

... providing At the present time, 148 officers Idaho and Wyoming which is nearmunity it serves

of First Security in Utah and Idaho ly onetwentieth of the continental complete banking service to inare Church leaders... past and United States domain. dustry, business, agriculture, and

... vitally interested present Stake Presidents, Bishops, Some 5,500 stockholders own the individuals

developin individual and civic - First Security of banks, system 11% organiz auxiliary Priesthood and is too, office proud, ment. Each are residents of of the area, whom includofficers teachers ation and

it to is bringing that each comFirst in operates. Security which First Presiding of the members progressive banking sound, munity

ency and Council of Twelve. AS FOUNDER AND FIRST... and the strength of the InterManagement of First Security, inBANK PRESIDENT, BRIGHAM mountain West's largest banking

cludes men with deep roots in our YOUNG'S goal was to help finance organization.

Yours for the asking...

with the compliments of FIRST SECURITY BANK

Fullcolor portrait of BRIGHAM YOUNG

by the eminent artist John Willard Clawson (grandson of Brigham Young) The lithographed reproduction of the handsome oil painting in brilliant natural colors is on an 1 1-inch by 15 -inch mount, suitable for framing.

Portrait artist JOHN WILLARD CLAWSON was born in the Beehive House in

Salt Lake City, January 18, 1858. He first studied painting at the University

of Deseret, then three years under the English painter Willmarth. For the

next six years he studied abroad, primarily in Paris and Venice under

Laurens, Constant, Lefebvre, taking criticism from Manet and Monet. He

painted portraits of members of Parliament in England before returning to BRIGHAM YOUNG, President and pioneer leader of The the United States where he did portraits in New York, Los Angeles, San Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, was the first fire his City. Salt Francisco destroyed in 1906Francisco San and The Lake National of Deseret president of the Deseret and Bank

at in Salt portraitsstudio $80,000. died 20 valued Lake City then and He direct of First predecessors Security Bank. The of Bank, portrait portrait of Smith. while 6,April a on 1936 working Joseph The

will original founding be of the 100th anniversary bank 1904. inhis grandfather, painted Young, was Brigham

observed in 1971.

FREE to adults at any First Security Bank in Utah, Idaho and Wyoming.

BY MAIL—Enclose 25c to cover postage and handling. Write: Brigham Young Portrait,

First Security Bank, Main at First South, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

SEPTEMBER 1966 811 Where to Eat and Stay, and What to See during

1355 East 21st South - HU 6-0711 (Closed Mondays only)

Bratten's Seafood Grotto Conference Rooms & Executive Suites. Heated Pool.

Restaurant - Banquet Facilities. Dialamatic Phone. Atmosphere and

Gift Shop. Barber & Beauty Salon. 200 Beautifully Fine Food

Decorated Rooms. Private facilities for

- EM 4-6547 (Closed Sundays only) WORLDWorldFamousMOTORTeogra SmorgasbordHOTEL 644 Eastgroup4th Southdining 1900 SOUTH STATE

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Phone for Reservations—4877801

Salt Lake's Most Luxurious 2 blocks from... Temple Square When in Provo Stay at the beautiful

Hyatt Royal Inn JyaliJInrv 24HR.

RESTAURANT Motor Hotel & Restaurant the closest motel to B. Y. U.

121 N. 2nd West, Salt Lake City, Utah 55 East on 1230 North Street, Provo, Utah

ef NO SMOKING "THE ALAMO"Mexican & American self service Dining & Take Out 3064 Highland Drive Salt Lake City, Utah 4660474

ENJOY CLARK'S FAMOUS BONUS BUFFET

SelfSelection Cafeteria Service

SALT LAKE: 400 So. State St. Moderate Prices

3250 So. 7th East Pleasant Atmosphere

Convenient Free Parking PROVO: I 97 North 5th West

OGDEN: 21 32 Washington Blvd. Mon.-Sat.Mon.-Sat. LuncheonDinner 11:30-2:305:00-8:00

FAMILY RESTAURANTS Sunday Dinner 11:30-8:00

33rd South and State Streets Salt Lake City

General Conference, Sept. 30, Oct. 1 and 2

WPZJW

and AMERICAN CAN DISHES,<* ***":UBB if, -"#.. i SERVED WITH TRUE

MEXICAN H0SPITALITV # JM in a restful atmosphere!

Take Home Orders Prepared

Open Every Day 11:00 A.M. to 1 A.M.

Sunday 12 Noon to 10:00 P.M.

Our Customers Say It's the Best Mexican Food in the West"

Phone 3550783 167 - 171 REGENT STREET BIBLICAL AND HISTORICAL (Across from Walker Parking Center on

WAX MUSEUM Located half block south of Temple Square—36 Richards Street,

Salt Lake City, Utah. Open daily

8:30 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. includingSundays and holidays. Stirring dinner how

moments from biblical history (f\ TEMPLE and stories from the Book of Mor- 1. The Alamo - 3064 Highland Drive

mon are realistically portrayed 2. Brattens - 644 E. 4th South

in lifelike color and lifelike dimension through the wonders of 1355 E. 21st South

- Clark's State 33rd So. andwax sculpture. U SouthW (2) 3.

4. Inn Holiday So. State - 3040

Always Rewarding d 5. JB's Big Boy - 4th So. and State

33rd So. and 7th Fast

Featurin 6. Ramada Inn - 1000 So. State

Luncheon 7. Royal Inn - 320 W. North Temple

Specials 8. Snelgrove's - 850 E. 21st South

9. Tampico - 167 Regent Street

and Family Slate Street 7th East 10. Village Inn - 2929 So. State

Dinners Highland Drive 11. Wax Museum - 36 Richards Street

12. World Motel - 1900 So. State

Open 6:00 a.m.-10:00 p.m.

Sun. thru Thurs.

6:00 a.m.-2:00 a.m. You'll always SATISFY that CRAVING for REAL HONESTTO-

Sat. and Sun. GOODNESS ICE CREAM whenever you treat yourself to

DISTINCTIVE

R*SSDAHOTELS ROADSIDE Vceuteam OiaeBtjtoVe 1000 South State Phone 3281261

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Famous for FANTASTIC Ice Cream Creations

HOLIDAY INN Remember, your visit"38 Incomparableto Salt LakeFlavors"City is not complete

Specialty Authentic Mexican until you visit Snelgrove.

Food "AMERICA'S TWO FINEST ICE CREAM STORES"

Private Dining Room Available 850 East 21st South 222 East South Temple 3040 So. State Phone 4679881 OPEN 10 A.M. UNTIL MIDNIGHTCLOSED SUNDAYS

SEPTEMBER 1966 WHY I BELIEVE IN GOD

BY JOHN H. THOMPSON

I believe in God, For deep within my soul echoes

A sound from distant worlds A glorious Which seems to recollect

That as natural as life itself

There exists my creatorheritage. Yea, even Father.

STCRCO IS I0?4 Call this instinct.

I believe in God For, earliest moments upon from lUtK\EC\SOfiC this earth, It was my happy lot To have as guardian spirits Even mortal parents, A man and woman who yielded To the enticings of the Holy Spirit

And made themselves examples Of godliness and belief in God.

Call this teaching.

, i f- I believe in God fT Because men of great integrity

Have left us their testimonies

And sealed them up With a power Over forty illustrations, Which I cannot deny.

written and spoken excerpts Call this authority.

from actual diaries and letters, songs, articles I believe in God and photographs, tell the Because I have applied the test In my own belialf.

dramatic story of the I have been obedient, and

Mormon pilgrimage in this I know it is good.

Call this experience.

distinctive album. It is a

proud tribute to the I believe in God because, spirit and courage of Being actuatedby those valorous people—Instinct,

Teaching, The Mormon Pioneers. Authority,

Experience, The Columbia Records ITohavethatbeengreatledfountain of truth,

Legacy Collection AndThe Holyhe, whoseGhost;office it is to witness

Christ, Has borne witness to my soul—

On COLUMBIA RECORDS And verily, I know!

Call this knowledge.

"COLUMBIA: - ': MARCAS REG PRINTED IN USA.

814 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Best of Movies fSS'BY HOWARD PEARSON

ENTERTAINMENT EDITOR, DESERET NEWS

Several films released during the rushes on to an actionpacked late summer months are still being finish.

shown in firstrun and drivein Cary Grant, who can nearly altheaters and are providing fine ways be depended upon to deliver FOOD STORAGE entertainment for filmgoers. quality entertainment, scores again

Walt Disney delivers two more with Walk, Don't Run.hits for the family trade—Lt. Robin The story concerns a British inBOOKLET

Crusoe, USN and Run, Appaloosa, dustrialist (Grant) who finds himRun. The former stars Dick Van self in Tokyo during the recent GATEWAY TO

Dyke as an American Navy pilot Olympics. All housing accommowhose plane goes down in the dations are taken; he can't obtain SURVIVAL

island, a but spots on an hotel room upPacific. He ends an adverIS STORAGE for rent. for tisement a trained exceptuninhabited of a room

chimp left over from America's It turns out that the wouldbe early space program. renter is a girl secretary in the PARTIAL TABLE OF CONTENTS

After a short time Van Dyke British embassy. She had meant to What Should We Store?

finds he has company—a bevy of rent the room to a girl, not a man: Storing to Prevent Spoilage

beautiful native girls from a neighhowever, Cary is desperate until he Notes on Specific Foods boring island. Nancy Kwan, the can obtain a hotel room, so he talks

leader, explains that her father is her into a shortterm lease. Rotate Your Perishables

a tyrant and the girls are trying to In the hands of many movieEmergency Sanitation escape him. Before long the father makers, this might be a setup for Group Rates Available

(Akim Tamiroff) appears on the some suggestive situations, but in scene, and Van Dyke, with the help the hands of Mr. Grant, the plot WALTER D. BATCHELOR

of the chimp, starts to put the develops into innocent fun. An 61 Beacon Avenue

blustering chief in his place. American track star, also looking LAYTON, UTAH 84041

Run, Appaloosa, Run relates the for a room until his accommodastory of an Indian teenage girl who tions are ready, appears on the rescues an Appaloosa horse from scene. Not only does Cary Grant GIRLS'QUARTET REPERTOIRE

nearcertain death. With the help sublet to the young athletearchi-

of a fantastically appealing dog, tect, but he decides to promote a Make Believe

I Love Youthe Indian girl trains the horse and romance between the American Why Do then enters it in an important race. and the British embassy secretary. Who

This feature has appeal for adult The story then moves along to Alice Blue Gown horse lovers as well as all members its climax in which the reason for Deep Purple title is disclosed. the In addition the family.of to I Hear America Singing the picture Grant, Mr. stars SamRussians Are Coming, The The

Russians Are Coming has several antha Eggar and Jim Hutton and My Own America messages as well as slapstick and features some wonderful Japanese When I Grow Too Old to Dream straight comedy. The superb cast scenery. Without a Song

includes Paul Ford, Carl Reiner, Other movies highly recomAutumn Serenade

Alan Arkin (a newcomer to film mended for family viewing include Oh Dear, What Can the Matter Be?

comedy), and a host of excellent the following:

supporting performers. The Bolshoi and The Sleeping Bird Songs at Eventide

The story concerns a Russian Beauty, two beautifully photoLittle Grey Home in the West submarine that is trapped in graphed films on ballet. World Is Waiting for the Sunrise

shallow water on a rocky New Born Free, the delightful story Homing

England coast. A few of the Rusof Elsa, the lioness. Mister Sandman

sians go into a nearby town, where Maya, the adventurefilled story My Dearest Prayer they create havoc even though of a young boy in India.

they are only seeking help. A Tiko and the Shark, an idyllic Through the Years

butcher tries to play the role of a story, simply told, of a small boy Without a Song minuteman; Ben Blue supplies on a South Sea island who beBeauty Shop Quartet

slapstick when he tries to make friends a shark. Average price is 25c each copy

like Paul Revere and goes after a The Sound of Music, the story horse to spread the alarm; the of the musical Trapp family, still

town's telephone system goes out, playing in theaters around the causing all kinds of problems; the world and attracting moviegoers

chief of police tries to maintain an for the second and even the third air of calmness; and everything time. Music Co

Box 2009 Idaho Falls, Idaho 83401

SEPTEMBER 1966 81S BLACK & WHITE 'President David O. McKay All day the flag fluttering in the

it LIVI9 8 exposure roll (Continued from page 772) breezeof theirremindedcountry thoseand, evenwho sawmore,

DEVELOPED & PRINTED or three years later an eye specialof the Prophet who so loves that ist looked at my eyes and said, country that he traveled more than IN JUMBO SIZE 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 'You have a lot of scar tissue on a hundred miles in its honor to see

36 exposures $1.50 your eyes, but I have never seen that special flag flying in the

COLOR FILM more perfect vision.'dawn's early light.

DEVELOPING 'By the daion's early light..."The Image of a Prophet

the hear B. Today we frequently

is a "image"word used. Image 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per JohnsonWhen wasPresidentinauguratedLyndonin WashDev. and Printing $2.55 roll ington, D.C., in January, 1965, mental representation we have that

12Exposure per typifies flags three flew a certain person, place, or over the Capitol

,- || Printing Dev. Roll $3.00 and Building. thing. After the ceremony, he

Reprints Color 20<teach sent one of these flags to President Not too long ago a wellknown

Salt visited foreign birth of lady In David O. acknowledgMcKay. SLIDES COLOR

Color Slides 135 per mm gift flag, ing the of interview the City President Lake an and was exp., roll Dev. 20 and Mount...$1.35 flagpole President a arranged with O. erected David had on McKay 1 Color Slides 35 per mm

36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll the lawn of the old McKay home McKay. It was explained to her

Color Movie per in Huntsville. That Fourth of before going to his office that to

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll July, members of the family who the Latterday Saints, David O.

were staying at the home for the McKay was accepted as God's holiday were surprised to see Presichosen prophet on the earth today.GENEALOGY PHOTOS

NEGATIVES MADE of OLD dent McKay arrive from Salt Lake The interview was short, but as PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS "City. He had come to raise the the visitor was leaving his office,

of NEGATIVE, 54 each flag for the first time on the flagshe said, "Your president is exactly

Send coin only—no C.O.D.'s pole. what I had always imagined a

MoneyBack Guarantee He walked slowly the forty yards prophet would be. He appeared

briefly, appear. the then raised prophet flag to and would He spoke PHOTO LABSAMS from his car to the flagpole, rested as I have always imagined a a visiting after full mast. always Then, as I have imagined aP.O. Box 1 1 1 5 Dept. Utah AA Salt Lake City,

few minutes with the family and prophet would speak. His degiving instructions for the flag to meanor, his bearing, all that he

be lowered at sundown, he rewas and all that he did and all that turned to his car and was driven he said truly represented the image ven$ back to Salt Lake City. I have of a prophet."

rown SPORTS What Is Faith?% (Continued from page 796)

only that which is true and beneceived that some of his disciples ficial to us; to confirm error would did not really have the conviction 1*1 cause him to cease to be God. of faith.

complete line of big Consequently, we are protected Explaining their inability to acname sporting goods from ever having faith in anything cept him as the Son of God, he that is false or spiritually injurious. said, "No man can come to me,

Men may believe with great except the Father... draw him.

."(John 6:44.) Each indiTOiEwn SANQ tenacity in things that are not true,..

but intensity of belief, regardless vidual who comes to have faith stock—basketballalluniformscolors andin ofdoesitsit strength,possess theis powernot faith,of faith.nor revelation—byin the Lord Jesusthe Christconfirminghas it inby

design combinations If one does obtain faith in some fluence of God's witness. The

truth (faith being composed of a Savior's clarification of Peter's conpartial knowledge and a witness viction exemplifies this idea: "...

from the spirit) and continues to flesh and blood hath not revealed it act upon that faith and to exercise unto thee, but my Father which is it, this process becomes the princiin heaven."(Matt. 16:17.)

ple that carries one to a perfect It is this movement toward God knowledge or the knowledge one under the power of faith that

TOVE SHERRILL has at the completion of the exfrees man from ignorance by inperience. In this way, faith leads creasing his knowledge, changing

attitudes behavior. to perfection. and STEVENSBROWN man

very Jesus taught this same principle From the SPORTS in his sermon on the "bread of life"been necessary to learnbeginningsome thingsit has 1176 East 21st South delivered at Capernaum. He perby being "taught of God."There

Salt Lake City, Utah Phone 4877726

816 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

is no other way to understand the Proven Successful... Reassuring!

mysteries of godliness. This acquisition of faith in Jesus Christ leads

one to this spiritual instruction. FAMILY FOOD STORAGE PLAN

Brigham Young said:

is easy, economical! "Persons know and will continue PermaPak 1-year plan

to know and understand many things by the manifestations of the Pay less than $100 per family member for a whole

Spirit, that through the organizayear's balanced food supply. Choose from

tion of the tabernacle it is imposPerma-Pak's famous "Use Today or Store Away"... such as wheat, flour,sible otherwise to convey. Much of dry and dehydrated foods

the most important information is fruits, vegetables, onions, potatoes, gelatin alone derived through the power desserts... and exciting new meat substitutes

. for tasty, nutritious,and testimony of the Holy Ghost and freezedried foods..

in the speaker, revealing itself to lowcost meals.

the understanding and spirit of the SEND COUPON "Store Food Today for a Rainy Day"ishearer. This you the only way DETAILS FOR FULL East 2430 South 40 PERMAPAK, of acan convey knowledge PermaPak's: Utah Salt 84115 Lake City, the Also—discover

visible things of God."(Journal of Family Survival Food Kits Please send me, FREE, the following:

Discourses, Vol. 8, p. 41.) Camping and Emergency Kits Food Storage Plan CATALOG

Electric and Hand suppose there is another To way Grain Grinders, Survival Kit and Camping etc. Mixers, Breadto spiritually progress to appears INFORMATION

be folly. The Prophet Joseph Group Discounts /FundRaising PLAN

Cain's thatSmith said the reason Name My——PERMAPAK40 East 2430 South, ressoffering Add rejected he was was that

had no faith: Salt Lake City, Utah 84115 City States Zip

"Cain offered of the fruit of the ground, and was not accepted, even prepays shipping charges. Your group

a on PROFIT it big NET makes in (40C of 66%% not could hebecause do dollar that costs every only A FREE DOLLAR BOX box you 60$) faith, or till is couldfaith, or he have no drive after nothing your you pay and reover. unsold remaining can Anything be exercise faith contrary to notcould risk, full for credit! turned no investment No OF CANDY affer only collected your pay you have—you ofthe plan heaven.... To offer

reliprofit! school community, and Many

a sacrifice contrary to that [law of gious groups have raised from $300 to in days. twenty four to So can

of free detailsheaven], no faith could be exerWORTH $1200? $2500For your box and you.Mason

cised, because redemption was not HownettedacceptingMrs. Koubek'sa free boxBandofParentsMason Candygroup Candy: fill in coupon below.

in just profit days! seventeen that conse- $1200purchased way Mason, Box 549 Mason, Pat 978, Mrs.

for to raise drive of the money chairman As N. Y. MINEOLA, faith Cainquently could... no; have Mrs. Arthur Kouequipment, band needed

ME, OBLIGA-: PLEASE SEND WITHOUT GENTLEMEN Illinois, the with faced of Lyons, was bek the History...."(Documentary of RAISING PLAN. TION, INFORMATION FUND ON YOUR withquickly, raise to funds problem: how

1516. Vol. soluriskChurch, the or found investment. 2, She out pp. NAME- -AGE (if under 21)- of offer a in tion the Mason belief, faith versus Speaking on deof the free candy. Mason man box representative'sWhen ORGANIZATIONit, prolivered Mason's explained famous he said:Brigham Young plan. fundraising tected ADDRESS

completely supplies in group your of faith "If—the abMason speak we

of CITY risk or investment choice without—

it is ofstract, the by power God beautifully Cantop-quality boxed, aMason which the worlds are and were tivelydies. Atprintedno charge,band, eachbearingbox yourhas anorganizaattrac- HOW MANYMASONMEMBERSCANDIES, INC.,PHONEMINEOLA, N.Y.

made, and is a gift of God to those tion's name, picture, and slogan. Mason L

who believe and obey his commandments.... [A man] might

as well undertake to live without UNIQUE FETZER TABLE breathing as to live without the ENHANCES EMIGRATION principle of belief. But he must STAKE HIGH COUNCIL ROOM

believe the truth, obey the truth, This handsome and pracand practise the truth, to obtain tical table was designed to the power of God called faith."accommodate Stake High

(JD, Vol. 8, p. 259.) Council meetings. One

This understanding of the meend of the table is wider chanics ( not the meaning ) of faith than the other and seats should be a great consolation, a the members of the Pressource of real confidence to those stakeidency.clerksSpaceis providedfor two

who proclaim to the world the at the opposite end.

truth of the restored gospel. No

man can have faith in a false God or any other untrue principle; beSALT LAKE CABINET AND FIXTURE COMPANY

Salt Lake City, Utahlief, yes, but not faith. And when 1436 South West Temple -

truth is introduced to him, if he will act upon it, the confirmation will come, and he will know of the to assure speedy delivery of yourconfirmation if he is prepared to USE YOUR receive it. CORRECT

ZIPCODE

SEPTEMBER 1966 817 Preserve the Inspiration of The Improvement Era Buffs(Continuedand Rebuffsfrom page 758)

Home Evenings Away from Home In Beautifully Bound Volumes After reading your "Home Happiness"articles, I began to reflect upon

The Mountain West's finest bindery and thehave muchgiven happinessme, particularlyhome eveningsbecause printing house is prepared to bind your in our ward we have a dear brother collected Improvement Era's into fine and sister who share their home evehard cover volumes. Mail or bring the nings with the young, selfsupporting

editions you wish bound to the Deseret peoplea turn ofpresentingthe ward.the Eachlesson.of usIf takesthere

News Press. are any young people who for various

circumstances are away from their 12 issues in hard cover $3.90. Advance family, I would urge them to ask their

payment must accompany all orders bishop to arrange for them to attend

Please include postage if volumes are home evening with one of the families that of case—and

a wonderful to be returned by mail. myin thefriends—itward. Inhasmy been

blessing.

POSTAGE RATE FROM SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Carol Ann Craven

Zone 5 1.07 Santa Monica, Calif.

1 & 2 68 6 1.28

3 75 7 1.50

4 8 88 1.73 Hill Cumorah Pageant

I have read with pleasure every article you have had in The Improvement Era over the years on the Hill

Cumorah Pageant, but I have never seen one word in them about the part

J. Karl Wood, seminary teacher of

Logan, had to do with this development.

1600 Empire Road No one could possibly discount

Salt Lake City, Utah what others have done in developing the pageant; certainly I would not.

Nevertheless, Karl Wood had a most important part in this thing and should be given credit for what he did, don't you think?Turk Evans Ray Thatcher

Morgan, Utah Discovers the Yes. As was indicated in the July

Era, the pageant has evolved over a

to the missionary a new to Mission,Swinging numberHansen,Eastern ofStatesyears. In 1937, Harold I. was asked

direct it. Two years later J. Karl

World Authorities,Wood, at thewasrequestaskedof tothedirectGeneralthe production. He returned in that

capacity for two more years, until the of the manybeginningvaluableof WorldcontributionsWar II, andtomadethe script and pageantry. Harold I. Hansen served as pageant manager under

Mr. Wood's direction. When theYamaha pageant resumed in the late 1960s,

Dr. Hansen was named director, in

which capacity he has since served continuously.Twin Jet 100

We wish to compliment you on your excellent article, "The Hill Cumorah

Pageant,"particularly for the authenTurk Evans, a longtime Yamaha fan tells of his impression of the allnew Yamaha Twin ticityFor yearsof yourarticleshistoricalhave indicatedinformation.that

Jet 100. "It's Yamaha all the way, with safety awardwinning brakes and oil injection the pageant began in 1937. Since my

as in Its participated a to missionary eliminate premixing. wife prize winning design plus sim- m/jt nfl II A A Presithe production 1936 heard and it plicity in of a put operation class itself-l by ridden have |/\ IVI /\ of proII /\ Colton the 1934 dent speak

! NTFRNATIONAL I'll CORPORATION all for riding, safe troublefree And take them Yamaha."to get duction, trying been have we

SINCE 1887 published. facts true the

It's tip a 100. Evans Jet from the Turk Take buy Twin and

the first twincylinder sportcycle of its size ever to hit the Ferman Westergard road. If you can ride a bicycle, you can ride a Yamaha. The Ogden, Utah

low price of only $409*'makes it easy to own. A dozen great P.O. Box 54540

models make Yamaha the topselling 2-stroke in the U.S. Los Angplos, California 90054

818 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA These Times What (Continued from page 761) by alternating wind sprints with walking—a person sprints until hecan no longer continue, walks until does

he can catch his breath, then sprints again. An equally accept- &B5y&able method is to participate in silence

active games."

The inactive person who is beginning a program to regain physical vigor must exercise caution. The look

most uncomfortable stage, say Lavik, Penman, Steverson, and Wegner, "is when you are developing endurance. The physiological ike?

changes that occur take approximately seven weeks. Once you

have attained this high level of endurance, it is quite easy to mainSilence is a Bigelow carpet called tightly woven to take the constant wear tain it with little discomfort. Cordridge? of feet for years and years.

However, it is very easy to lose it It absorbs floor sound and creates Bigelow has or can customcreate once you discontinue activity. A an atmosphere of hushed serenity. the perfect carpet to suit every type of

vacation with no activity can undo Cordridge has a beautifully dischurch or auxiliary building.

everything unless the program is tinctive tree bark texture in any of sixAs America's most experienced continued during that vacation."teen colors. Its special design adapts carpetmaker we've done it since 1 825.

There are many emotional probhandsomely to the decor of today's lems that confront modern indinew Mormon church buildings.

viduals. "Under the spell of Its 100% Bigelow Approved conemotions our bodies get ready for tinuous filament nylon pile is dense and Bigelow jemergencies by loading the blood

with adrenalin and extra sugar."

The natural outlet for emotions "is large muscle activity,"according to these students of the subject.

To live to the fullest, activity—

whether muscular, intellectual, or social—"is the key to finding harmony with the universe. Activity is

the difference between the quick and the dead. To establish harmony with the universe is the

challenge of life."

Thus the physical educators invite us in these times to be concerned with our individual organic vigor. They invite us to a life of

muscular activity. They promise

us that if we accept the invitation, do not forget our bodies, and act accordingly, we will again acquire some of the buoyancy of youth and enter into a new and better world.

"You know,"said an old neighIN YOUR HOME - bor, "I've often likened a commandIN YOUR CHAPEL ment to a padlock that seemingly barred my way. But my obedience

is the key that opens that lock, enabling me to walk in paths that I never dreamed possible."fflHHWE

-Albert L. Zobell, Jr. SALT LAKE GLASS & PAINT CO.

'Decorating Center of the Intermountain Area"2205 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah

—See your local Pratt & Lambert dealer

SEPTEMBER 196G 819 The 1967 Challenge Priesthood genealogy is a specific assignment for all Melchizedek Priesthood members, but in order to direct and do the work, priesthood leaders must understand the program. What is the program?

During 1967 every family will be asked to submit two new family group records for temple work. A

forward look into next year sees the Saints actively searching available records to identify ancestors who have not yet received temple ordinances.

820 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1965*66 Programs TeaCh HOW of being fully registered with PRS during 1966 and

The 1965 and 1966 programs prepared the way for the need for families, if not already organized, to next year's "two new sheets per family"challenge by organize before the year is out.

teaching the "hows"in genealogy. In order to prevent duplication in sheets submitted

The assignment to prepare accurately 15 family to the Genealogical Society, large families will need group records of the family's first four generations to decide who will send in which sheets. Large

of ancestors taught the Saints acceptable standards for families will also want to divide research work in recording information. The record examining proorder that all family units may participate,

cedure in wards and branches taught the new method for submitting records for temple work. Examiners,

working closely with the Saints, taught them proper One Sheet rOttl EclCll Line procedures when errors and omissions occurred. It is preferred that families submit one sheet on the

The book of remembrance challenge has brought father's line and one sheet on the mother's line, but love of family and respect for ancestors into the home, the sheets may be from either. If possible, the two

It has also taught the importance of preserving family new sheets should pertain to directancestor families.

genealogy in an efficient manner. The MIA priestIf research cannot progress quickly enough on directhood genealogy classes have introduced church ancestor families, the two sheets may pertain to

members to exploration into available genealogical families of collateral relationship. Sheets are not

records to identify unknown ancestors. The Saints acceptable under the program unless a definite relahave learned to work together through the Peditionship to the husband or wife can be established,

gree Referral Service and participation in family organizations. Names to the Temple

* He ISO / wltalleilge The twonew-sheet challenge will provide thousands

The 1967 program is being previewed at stake conof new names for temple work. For example, Brother

ferences held the second half of 1966. Stake presiand Sister Jones are grandparents. They have seven

dents, bishops, and priesthood leaders have received grown sons and daughters who have families. Thus

a booklet which briefly introduces the 1967 challenges, eight families will participate in the twonew-sheet

The program includes: 1) a better understanding project, and 16 new sheets will be generated for

of genealogy in priesthood correlation, 2) continuatemple work. If each sheet has an average of four

tion of the thirdand fourthgeneration programs, children listed, these eight families will send nearly 3) continuation of the book of remembrance challenge, 100 names to the temples in 1967.

and 4) the "two new sheets per family"challenge.

The heart of the 1967 program is the latter challenge. This feature asks the Saints to follow their Challenge tO the PrleSthOOd

pedigrees out as far as temple work has been done "It matters not what else we have been called to and then to perform the research necessary to process do, or what position we may occupy, or how faithtwo new directline ancestor families for temple work, fully in other ways we have labored in the Church, none is exempt from this great obligation. It is required of the apostles as well as the humblest elder.

Coordination IS Needed. Place, or distinction, or long service in the Church,

Since many church members are descendants of the in the mission field, the stakes of Zion, or where or same ancestors, much coordination is foreseen on the how else it may have been, will not entitle one to part of family organizations, and a greater participadisregard the salvation of one's dead."

tion in the Pedigree Referral Service (PRS) is ex- -President Joseph Fielding Smith, pected. The 1967 program points out the urgency Doctrines of Salvation, Vol. 2, p. 148.

SEPTEMBER 1966 821 R. Reed Channell,

bishop of El Cajon (California) Second Ward, is a former New England States missionary has been and stake Tin* Pro.siiliiifi a mission

president and a high councilor.

Hoiv I Was Guided in Selecting a Counselor

When I learned that my first counselor was moving,

I considered each of the fine men in our ward as a possible replacement. I had set Saturday

as my deadline in finding a man to recommend.

On Thursday I made a list of 20 men whom I felt worthy and compatible to the call.

By Saturday morning the list had been cut to three.

As I looked at these three names, one seemed best qualified. I reached for the phone

to inform the stake president of my recommendation. Jack C. Morgan,

Suddenly a very strong impression came, and bishop of the Klamath

I said to myself, "Have you considered Falls (Oregon) First everyone?"I picked up my bishop's book and Ward, is a former

began to go through the list of members again. Northern Far East

Halfway through I chuckled at myself, feeling missionary and has been certain the right choice had already been made. a counselor in the

But obedient to my impression I continued bishopric.

through the book until my finger fell on a certain name. It is difficult to describe the feeling that

came to me. It was as if a dynamic Application of a Gospel Principle

spiritual force rang through my whole body, Saved a Friendship testifying of my counselor.

Tears streamed from my eyes in thankfulness One evening a couple called at my office to the Lord for this revelation. The man was not to discuss a problem. Word had come to them,

the one I had formerly selected. He was not among from what they considered to be a reliable source,

my final three. He was not even among the 20. that a close friend thought that they had not

He was a man with whom I had experienced been honest in a recent business deal. The

little contact, and because my knowledge couple, very concerned, felt they would not be able of him was so limited, I had not considered him. to continue their friendship on the same basis

When I was called to participate in his ordination, if reports of their friend's thoughts were true.

I worried that I had made a mistake or been deceived After discussing it we agreed that the couple in my selection; but the Lord, sensing my weakshould make an appointment with their friend

ness, presented me an exact duplication of my and discuss the situation as the Lord has previous experience. I have since thought instructed us to do.

how important the call of counselor must be for Several days later I saw them and inquired the Lord to reveal his will in such a manner. about the problem. They had talked to their friend

But more than anything, the experience and the situation had been completely taught me that one must rely on the Lord resolved. Thus, through application of a gospel

and not on his own judgment. R.R.C. principle, a friendship had been saved. J.CM.

822 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John S. Eilar, bishop

What better of(TVewthe Mexico)AlbuquerqueSecond

Ward, has been a than stake Explorer leader, experiences director of teaching, Sunday School teacher, from a Aaronicinstructor,Priesthoodand counselor in the bishopric.

Iiisho|ii*n:*s ni<|o

Two companions would pursue the animal afoot to prove that while another man, his son, and I would take our jeep to a more favorable location.

"when ye are We traveled with all attention fixed on the

I saw that the road had in the antelope, when suddenly been completely cut by a washout with

I slammed on the brakesservice of your fellow sheer sixfoot walls.

but too late to prevent our headlong fall into beings ye are the wash. The force of the jolt popped the lid

only in of a tengallon water can, and water poured everywhere. Upon examination no broken

the service of bones were found. The only injury was my com-

I climbed the bank

left your God."andpanion'ssurveyedhead ourbump.condition. front tire The

(Mosiah 2:17.) had blown out; the wheel rim was bent 90 degrees

to the axis; the front transmission housing, axle,

and springs were bent out of line. There

seemed no possibility of our getting out.

Desiring to make the best of the situation, we changed the tire, dug about with a shovel, and then tried to see if the jeep would move. To our

surprise we drove away. As I did this, "Now

that's one"came to mind, and I saw the imaginary chalk mark placed some days earlier quietly erased.

I felt like a youngster who had been forcefully

The Antelope Hunt and Its Lesson in set down and reminded of good behavior. Humility As evening approached we assembled—without an antelope—and planned a homeward course.

Night was upon us before we reached the main

I was engaged in child's play when I raised road. The steering mechanism was troublesome,

a finger to my lips and marked my imaginary but it gave promise of holding out. Suddenly

chalkboard at the completion of a good deed done the car hit a small chuckhole, and the headlights for the Lord. "Now that's one,"I thought to myself. went out. For the second time in a day the

Later that day I repeated the performance, possibility of death arose. The blackness of night

assuring the Lord that I was one of his faithful enveloped us, and I was unable to judge the road.

servants. "Now that's two,"I told myself. The other passengers were aroused by the

I'm sure the Lord did not look kindly upon my screeching of brakes. For a long, sliding,

imagined merit stockpile, but it seemed one way careening, fearprovoking moment all of us held to identify the good I was sincerely trying to do. tightly to the jeep, braced for the expected fatal

Time proved that the Lord would handle me in a crash. But it did not come. The jeep stopped safely.

special manner to teach me a powerful lesson. With resounding emphasis the thought came to

A few days later I joined some antelopehunting me, "Now that's two."I resolved never again

friends. Our day of hunting had nearly passed to mark my imaginary chalkboard and hold

before we even saw an antelope. But in the late the Lord accountable for any service I might

afternoon we saw a buck on a hillside quite a perform on his behalf. It was a just reminder

distance from us. We proposed a stratagem: that man is always indebted to the Lord. J.S.E.

SEPTEMBER 1966 823 m

3Ea

WIDE AWAKE AT

*SA.

V v\ TODAY'S FAMILY We hear much about the millions of dollars spent

FLORENCE B. P1NNOCK, on school hotlunch programs, but nary a thing is

EDITOR recorded about mothers and their home hotlunch 3& *m%$tm* V program. A mother is a heroine and should be praised

to the sky when she successfully serves her children a nourishing luncheon.

Peace and quiet comes in such small snatches to a young mother with small children. When the last

child is old enough to go to school, it is a temptation to say, "See you at 3:30."The whole day then spreads

>, itself out—such luxury, such wealth of time in which

to do the daily household chores and to get acquainted with oneself. A young mother has earned all this,

but she must also earn the confidence of her children.

A luncheon table can become the setting for a family to really get to know each other.

A young boy raced into the kitchen one noon and hurriedly sat down before a bowl of hot soup and said, "Mother, I feel so big, bigger than I've ever been before. How do I look?"A cashier in a school

cafeteria could not have appreciated what was going

824 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i

basic food requirements for the day. Serve something

(('Mother, he really fromcheese,theicefourcream,foodandareas:other meat,milk products;fish, poultry;grainsmilk,and

does like me. cereals; fruits and vegetables. This is easy when we

He raced me all the have an abundance of food to choose from. It can

way home."beS's delicious,play a leadingnourishing,part atandlunch—sandwiches,economical. The soups,three

and salads. Let's plan a few home hotlunch menus.

J.S Home Lunch Suggestions for School Children

1. Souper Souffle* Sliced Tomatoes

Nut Bread Molded Fruit Gelatin

2. Egg and Cheese Scramble*

Vegetable Broth in Mugs Bran Muffins Sliced Bananas in Orange Juice

3. Tunaburgers Raspberry Milk Shakes

Oatmeal Cookies

'-t&Z''- 4. Kids Cornbeefburgers* Milk Shakes

Cookies

5. Weiner Soup* Cheese Toasties*

Mrs. Ashcroft's Peach Cake*

Milk m?-..f*. V-.i umltil* ll"l|fl|r|fl*l ''r ''"i"i *.<-.

: 'Hwa**Sjnr 6-""7S Beef Noodle Soupjiste*'*--.&&& Lettuce, Tomato, Cheese, and Bacon Sandwich

Chocolate Pudding Cookies

around in that little head, and come to the meaning 7. Hot Cakes with Little Sausages

of his words, and replied with love.

A daughter runs into the house all flushed and Sliced Oranges sprinkled with Coconut

Milk happy, with the words, "Mother, he really does like me. He raced me all the way home!"Only a mother

8. Vegetable Soup Cheese Puff Sandwich*

could answer this statement with the right spirit, the

Applesauce topped with Ice Cream right balance, the right directiveness.

Everyone is so wide awake at noon—no leftover

9. Ovengrilled Tuna Fish Sandwiches*

drowsiness and unsociableness of an early breakfast.

Fruited Molded Salad Carrot Strips

Dinner hasn't the informality of lunch, nor has it the

Cocoa with a Marshmallow big motherimage. Noontime is the middle time,

the high time, the involvement time of the day. There

is nothing passive about the lunch table—just active 10. Creamed Chipped Beef on Waffles

Green Peas bodies, appetites, and minds.

Ice Cream Sandwich Preparing a hot lunch does not need to take all morning. For some foods the time of preparation Varied breads make the lunch period much more incan be spent before the breakfast dishes are cleared teresting. Try serving raisin, honey, nut, date, and

away, while for other menus 15 minutes before the fruit breads. Or for a change of pace try muffins;

family arrives is plenty of time for the preparation. orange, bran, or corn are favorites. Baking powder

Planning ahead is the key to good noontime eating. biscuits can be served shortcake style with creamed

Remember, lunch should hold its fair share of the vegetables, eggs, meat, or fish. French toast is a welSEPTEMBER 1966 825

RAISE FUNDS FOR YOUR CHURCH, CLUB OR CIVIC GROUP come change. Another day serve Kid's Cornbeefburgers

waffles or hot cakes. The variety (serves 6)

of breads is endless; there is no

reason why we should just take 31 canmediumcornedonions,beef, choppedchopped two slices of white bread, put 1 cup diced celery something between them, and call 1 cup canned tomatoes, drained it lunch. 1 green pepper, chopped

sell our organization can water cups Your is the 1*4 without soup Nowadays 1 chili tablespoon powder quality pecans candy top and a does simmer; can opener to long 1 vinegar tablespoon funds. raise grow, needed We trick. various the the canned Mix sauce cup chili y3 pecan ship our pack and own 1 Worcestershire tablespoon sauce of soups soups your to produce

in attractively meats, packaged difgarnish each own. soup Then

celery, onions, green the and Saute halves or bags. cellophane Whole ferently. of chicken Try soup cream little five for butter in a minpepper available. pieces broken top; floating the with on popcorn ingredients other the utes. Add And now! Boost your sales and youngsters will love it. Try green simmer very slowly, uncovered, oneand

profits with our complete line water Add more sprinkled of hour. soup pea with bits

occasionally. Serve in hamburgerif necessary.buns.Stir gift individually of homemade, or float soda crackers spread ham,

Britcandies: Pecan pecan boxed of deviled with ham. Cream asparWeiner Soup tle, Glace, Pecan Log Pecan and sprinkgarnished a agus with soup servings) (2 to 3 Rolls. ling of wellbuttered bread crumbs

For complete sliced thin frankfurters, details and wholesale price is delicious. Children can eat soup 2

lists, write: onion chopped tablespoons 2 quickly thickenif such more much

1 butter tablespoon is ing added. 1 condensed ounces) can (10% MASCOT PECAN COMPANY mato rice soup toGLENNVILLE, GEORGIA 1 soup can water

Souper Souffle Brown the frankfurters and onion in (4 to 6 servings) butter. Add the soup and water. Heat

tiow3Ak OtM and serve.

1 can condensed cream of mushroom mlNmmmmotr* wtm,<se& 1 cupsoupshredded sharp process cheese Cheese Toasties 6 eggs, separated Spread soda crackers lightly with prepared mustard; top with shredded

DESK-n-DOOR MARKERS $1.95 UP Combineslowly untilthethesoupcheeseandmelts.cheese;Beat heatthe cheese. Broil slowly until cheese melts. Gifts for Christmas Give Personal

to friends, clients, employees, or for sales promotion egg yolks until thick and lemon colThe following cake recipe comes

DIRECT from factory! Beautifully goldengraved solid ored; stir into soup mixture. Beat egg from Cedar City. It is moist and

Danishoiled walnut 8V2"x 2". Your name in attractive whites until stiff; fold soup mixture flavorsome and a favorite with the

in Gold genuine 24K $1.95; GoldSimulated into whites. into the unPour egg children.

. title. for Desk Order today any $1.00Add. Q$2.95. in 2-quart a casserole. greased Bake

Satispostpaid.. or 48 hours Shipped Door?(shown) F. half for an hour. oven Mrs. Ashcroft's Peach Cake re400-degree Business back! orfaction your guaranteed money

immediately. Serve quanfor free and brochure invited a sample,quests

tity discounts. Spear Engineering Company, 605-6 Spear 1 cup raisins

Building, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80907. Egg and Cheese Scramble y2 cup hot water

(4 to 6 servings) 1 teaspoon soda iy2 cups brown sugar

1 egg eggs, slightly beaten 8 RAISE *50, *100 1 can condensed Cheddar cheese soup y2 cup butter 1 cup crushed canned peaches or onion, 1 tablespoon finely chopped juice) apricots (no of pepper Dash.. even $500 flour cups tablespoons butter, melted 2 2

for your 1 Church or Group) baking powder teaspoon

Now Anna Wade will help Blend the soup, eggs, onion, and pep- 1 cup chopped nuts your club needed moneyorwithgroupillustratedraise per and pour into the melted butter in 1 teaspoon vanilla

Christmas Napkins: Happy a skillet. Cook over low heat until eggs

Holidays, Christmas, Merry raisins, water, hot soda and Mix the set; stir gently. are Silent Night, to Joy the

let sugar, the stand. Mix together and Bells. Jingle World, You

don't spend Anna light until H. butter, Wade together and egg and aburgers Tun ships 200 you packages ON fluffy. peaches crushed and the Add 10 CREDIT. Have members (4 servings) of sell your group each nuts. flour, powder, baking 20 and the

packages at each. 50* You well. Mix Bake at 350 degrees F. for return $50, $50. keep Write slices toast, buttered

for or samples, 35 minutes. 30 free samples. No 4

1 tuna, drained can obligation. and flaked ANNA WADE,

Lynchburg, Dept. 364CT, slices onion 4

2450S. Va. Icing sliced hardcooked eggs, 2

1 can condensed cream of celery soup iy2 cups brown sugar Y3 cup milk y2 cup butter 2 tablespoons chopped parsley 3 tablespoons canned milk 2 teaspoons lemon juice Mix together until dissolved and bring

Place toast on cookie sheet, spread to a good boil, stirring all the time.

with tuna, top with egg and onion. Boil one minute. Remove from heat, JEWELRY CO. baking powder, and ingredients teaspoon remaining the add Combine y2

DA 2-1039 42WEST2ND. SOUTH until creamy. teaspoon beat over sandthe openface and pour Add l/2

SALT LAKE CITY I, UTAH wiches. Broil until hot and bubbly. vanilla. Spread on cooled cake.

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

826 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cheese Puff Sandwich toasted side. Broil slowly until cheese

(4 servings) melts.

Combine 1 cup shredded cheddar Ovengrilled Tuna Fish Sandwiches cheese, 2 tablespoons minced celery, 2 tablespoons welldrained pickle Prepare tuna salad sandwiches in relish, 3 tablespoons mayonnaise, and usual way, brushing outer sides with a dash of onion salt. In the broiler, melted butter. Bake in a 475degree F.

toast 4 slices white bread on one side. oven 5 to 7 minutes or until tops are

Spread with cheese mixture on the un- a golden brown.

Looking for a mealtime HOME, SWEET HOME drink without stimulants?

"You can lead a horse to water, at the dinner table. Even a favorite Enjoy

but you can't make him drink."family food could be the ingredient

Such an oldfashioned saying, but to start an endless feeling of goodit still rings true today. You can will. Then after the lesson is over,

line up your children on chairs in top everyone's spirits with a treat.

the living room on family home I would suggest this nut brittle. It

evening, but you can't command is a new recipe that has been caretheir interest. fully worked out. It's really special. POSTUMIt's 100% caffeinfree.

What good is an important lesson if minds and hearts won't Nut Brittle accept it? If father comes in from

sugar cups sorts, li/2 little of tired out a andwork 1 brown sugar cup his to will reacthis children mood. syrup corn dark cup % all afternoon away wasIf mother cup water Instant %

and dinner is a hitand-miss hur- 1 teaspoon salt riedup affair, her little ones will i/2 square butter vanilla teaspoon HEreact to her mood. Attitudes are 11 pecans cup No Caffein) than measles. contagiouseven more 1 walnuts cup

So what, as parents, are you 2 cups almonds (not blanched) breathing out, and what are your children breathing in? Combine the sugar, syrup, and water

Family home evening is a time inheat,a heavystirringpanfrequentlyand cookuntilover itmediumcomes to feel warm and good. Discontent, to a full rolling boil. Add the nuts and

anger, and impatience never add continue cooking and stirring until it up to a successful family night. reaches 275 degrees F.* Add the salt What's in it then? Just toasted grains

Early in the day father and mother andF. Removecontinuefromcookingthe heatto 290and degreesstir in and other purefood ingredients.

could begin to set the climate for the butter and vanilla. Drop on a What'sittaste like? Likenothingelse

this weekly high point. buttered slab or in cookie pans to cool on your grocer's shelf. Slowroasted

Attitudes are built word by and crispen. to flavor perfection in brick ovens,

word and act by act. Earned comPostum has a flavor all its

are for 4,500 *The temperatures children to givenpliments by to own. If in cold altitudes. foot testing 5,000 salve Cheerful a hurt.parents will

is crisp until the syrup water, cook Good at mealtime or happenings, funnyannouncements, Op crackles and in the could be sharedand happy secrets dropped

FOODS whenwater.—FBPa spoonful is anytime.have friendsOr in.whenWhy younot GENERAL

KITCHENS find outforyourself soon?

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corp.

SEPTEMBER 1966 827

IS YOUR FOOD

STORAGE PROGRAM it slowly, to cool which softer less brittle.ECONOMICALLY SOUND? Tumbaga allowingmakes it and

(Continued from page 789) However, this statement, so far as

A word now about some of these copper and the alloys of gold are processes: It is not suggested that concerned, is incorrect, since copall early American metal workers per becomes very soft and malused all the processes listed above; leable when it is strongly heated

indeed, each smith would probably and immediately immersed in cold use only those few that suited his water, its behavior under these talent and that were in demand by circumstances being diametrically the people for whom he worked. opposite to that of steel. Further,

The processes of hammering, gildmany of these alloys (speaking of ing, annealing, and to some degree gold alloys, among which are those of smelting would have been useof copper and silver) are ageful in the manufacture and binding hardening; consequently, they can

of the Book of Mormon plates. The be softened by heating to temperaengraving would have required a tures around 700C, followed by

separate skill from that of the smith quenching, and then hardened by and need not necessarily have been reheating to the appropriate range done by the person who manuneeded to produce the physical factured the plates. This was the properties desired. Thus copper

case in at least one instance in the alloys could be hardened by applyWheat is the heart of any food storBook of Mormon. (See Omni in ing heat and omitting the quenching

age program, keep your wheat supply the Book of Mormon. process. The heat produced by

on a regular turnover basis rather The gilding could have been coldhammering or gilding would than risk spoilage. Make your food done by yet another workman, usbe equally effective. Since gold is

storage program a practical program. ing one of two possible methods. unaffected by this series of heating

AND SURPRISE! The first is called mise en couleur and quenching necessary to coldThat wheat you have stored in your by the French and consists of alhammer the alloy, the gilded surbasement makes the most delicious lowing the surface copper to be face, when finally applied, would

bread and other baked goods. Now eaten away by citric acids and then remain soft; the application of heat

can convert you your stored wheat into flour at natural wholesome your spreading and burnishing the reto spread effectively the gold of the convenience by using the superb Allmaining gold into a thin surface gilding would harden the alloy

Grain Flour Mill. gilding. The second consists of beneath.

mixing some powdered gold ( dust Let us now consider the box in

A MODERN ADAPTATION with mercury, spreading the mixwhich the plates were stored. The

TheAll-Grain Mill is a modern electure over the surface to be gilded, Prophet Joseph Smith said, "In the tric old fashioned, of the refinement little to spread laid heating a then of the box were and bottom two flour mill that twostone preserves the disperse of the mixture box, the gold stones crossways and on and nutrition nature's marvelous and flavor with exceptional economy. mercury. This is essentially the these stones lay the plates and the

differs process things from other with them."the and amalgam Did

flavor, to enjoy top good Start now is in artisan that the gold the intend first method the box who made Mills health available economy. and

in two sizes. All mills guaranteed for added from another source, whereas merely to hide the plates, or did he

one year. Terms available. in the first process the gold used is intend to preserve them also? He

contained in the article itself. must have intended to preserve

For full information, write: Annealing, it is stated, is the them, since he (Moroni) sealed

ALLGRAIN FLOUR MILL process of heating the metal and them up.

Dept. E, P.O. Box 168

Brigham City, Utah 84302 THE PROPHET SPEAKS BY JACK S. BAILEY,

The Prophet speaks.

His words I hear, His message seeks Our thoughts so clear.

I wonder at his source DAY-n-NIGHT MARKERSM$1.95 UP WhichThe simplepenetratesgospelmycoursemind,

Mailboxes, For Posts and Lawns Lamp

Christmas gift! Any The perfect wording in beaded white letters - gleams Which lends a different kind

in headlights! Rustproofblack satiny plates and aluminum frames. SuperOf feeling. It burns deep—

luxe quality guaranteed 10 years! Oct. 25, Orders by 10% discount!

Style Mailbox Nameplafes Price His pure words to impart

SMX Standard (wording one side) $1.95 A contrite, willing weep

(wording both sides) Deluxe $2.95 MX

(not shown) Deluxe with MFX frame $3.95 That gently fills my heart

NMX Deluxe with frame and number $4.95 With something more

(Kit L) To order P] for fittings (Kit lawn stakes post or lamp Than ever filled my heart before.

to prices. mailbox nameplates, above Order today! $1.00 We add

ship in 48 hours postpaid or C.O.D. plus postage. Satisfaction guaranteed

Or money back. Agents wanted. Spear Engineering Company, 605-5

Spear Building, Colorado Springs, Colorado 80907.

828 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

.:;

referred not have could This to BUSINESS DIRECTORY 'TRADE... one together sealed that portionthe was

so that each plate was inaccessible, with another"but rather to the disposition of theentire stack, since what was sealed OF GREATER LOS ANGELES included the portion to be translated. The sealing, then, must refer YUMMY GIFTS, ifUveAisxnSlUkJkJah

to the box in which the plates were FUND RAISING, TOO!

that carefuldeposited. was Moroni of Cake

it. kindFree sampleilPecan to get dirt should full or water foldersno line.color the OnlylikeFreegift Sales.of Group

certain thatplates, under knowing 588 South San Vincente DAVID W.EVAN'S 8: ASSOCIATES

conditions they could be damaged Los Angeles, California 90048 6026 WILSHIRE BOULEVARD LOS ANGELES or destroyed. The title page of the

that indicatesBook of Mormon up, plates and Folks in LAthe were "sealed the untohid up Lord, that they Read the TRUCK ANDLU WAREHOUSE85242 CO. destroyed."notmight be

Public Trucking Local Warehouse & said has B. Sperry Dr. Sidney Rates At PUC Minimum of 1= in thethat Book the E. St., Los word "ziff"50th Angeles 4608

Mormon probably referred to zinc, meaning "bright."(See Mosiah The key to good service in

11:8.) Another explanation may be Los Angeles is Yours for the asking..

that the Prophet Joseph Smith, upon coming to this term, could find no English equivalent and therefore transliterated the Nephite sounds into English letters. The

Nephite term could have meant "tumbaga,"a name borrowed from the Spanish. (The same alloy is

called quanin by the Arawak.

Tumbaga, when properly finished by gilding, is also "bright."

Native workman have said that tumbaga had a peculiar odor. Do ENJOY

you have a copper penny in your COMPLETE it briskly, smell thenpocket? Rub INSURANCE HARMAN'S odor, silver no have it. Gold and SERVICE

but copper, even when heated at V CASUALTY very low temperatures, has an V LIFE odor. V ACCIDENT

It is impossible to calculate the VV FIREHEALTH exact weight of the plates. The

Small Plates of Nephi may have been of a different alloy than those BR 2-9878P.O. Box 24216, VillogeGRStation,6-1961 In California

made by Mormon, who leaves some Los Angeles, California 90024 1 doubt as to whether he himself BUCKETS manufactured the plates he used Home or wrote on plates previously made OfficeWard Rug & Upholstery

Repairing Service Cleaning & another.by on clean We

pick the up RICE FRED the plates said were Smith service,orcarpet and Joseph for BOXES XS SERVICE RUG repairplantFloor, work. 8"6"6", they case in x x which Cienega La North 360 Sacramento California Angeles, Blvd.,90048 Los in inches volume. cubic 288 were 6557036 Phone Lodi

: different dimengiven Others have

sions that would amount to volumes Stockton 336 cubic 244 to ranging from figures are The International SanMountainJose View Prophet's inches. The

Los Altos preferable, since they represent an House of Pancakes

City Redwood since more he was average and Restaurants Mateo plates the Yellow Pages for the one nearest you San than the familiar with anyCheck one else. A solid block of gold San Bruno

inches totaling cubic 288 would Yellow Pages Check the phone and Just pack, little pounds. a over 200 weigh move,shorelwe'll store crate,or on Col Sander's'offInsured Licensed per.697 pounds weighs (Gold Jr. Johnson, V. Nelson

cubic inch; silver,.379 pounds; and 3950331 or 3463361 rtuckjiTTled

Colorado 1814A copper,.321 pounds.)

Monica,Canoga Calif.Ave. Chicken BRUIN STOOGE Santa6916 Park Canoga TAKEHOME

SEPTEMBER 1966 829 But plates would weigh much less than a solid block of the same metal. The unevenness left by the HOLY LAND hammering and air spaces between

less than 50 with thethe weightseparateto platesprobablywould reduce percent of the solid block.

W. Cleon Skousen platesAs alreadywere notnoted,made though,of pure, theor

24carat, gold. On one hand it

Oct. 11 Departure madeseems probableof an extremelythat they werelowgoldnot

alloy because of the danger of electrolysis and brittleness. On

MURDOCH TRAVEL, INC. the other hand, they were probably

14 South Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah not of an extremely highgold alloy

PLEASE SEND ME FULL PARTICULARS ON either, since the weight would

THE FALL TOUR OF THE HOLY LAND. thereby be increased. There would

also be a danger of distortion while the plates were being inscribed, because of the ductility of these higher alloys.

Some writers have suggested an 8-caratgold alloy for the plates of

Mormon. If this is assumed, then,

using the gravimetric system of

William C. Rott, a block having the dimensions of the plates

would consist of 25.79 pounds of

gold, occupying 37 cubic inches of "the hand that rocks the the block; 77.84 pounds of copper,

cradle rules the occupying 242.5 cubic inches; and

world"- you owe it to 3.25addedpoundsas an impurity),of silver (3occupyingpercent

yourselfand the world 8.5tumbagacubic inches.of the dimensionsThus a blockindiof

to prepare wisely. catedMormonfor andthe withplates8caratof thealloyBookandof

A BYU Home Study Course will help you 3-percent native impurity would

Build a Happy Home Life weigh 106.88 pounds. Using such

Budget Wisely a block as a beginning point, 50 in Child Assist Development of the percent weight should be

Furnishing the Home air for subtracted space; thus the

Course 5X weight of the stack of plates "HOME LIVING"(1 Credit) would be about 53 pounds. If

B.Y.U. HOME STUDY, Provo, Utah memberthese figuresthat seemgold unrealistic,has twice thereTc<

Complete class catalog available on request. density of copper and therefore

occupies about onesixth of the

B.Y.U. Pleaseto: send complete catalog of Home StudyE-9-66Courses totalIf eachvolume.plate were.02 of an inch

Name thick, it would occupy up to.05 HOME Address. of an inch in the stack, and there

inch. 20 plates to the be would The STUDY City.State. Zip. portion unsealed then conwould

sist of 40 plates or 80 sides. Presentday food cans are manufactured of

metal that is about.01"to.015"

thick. How this compares with the

Earn While "common tin"referred to by Joseph

Smith remains to be investigated.IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Showing

If the plates have been made alloy, a 12carat-gold theyAids in treatment of simple sore 1>HGay Lee Exquisite from throat and other minor mouth and Lingerie of Modesty would have weighed 86.83 pounds,

a consultant can be following system the same usedthroat irritations. You

stake, have and in your postulate. for the 8-carat the As in exciting career the an

HALL'S REMEDY growingCallfieldor write:of fashion. proportion of gold in the alloy is

Salt Lake City, Utah 2511 South West Temple

Salt Lake City, Utah 4862359 830 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA increased, so are the alloy's weight and ductility and the tendency of the plates, if hammered very thin, to distort and wrinkle.

We must conclude that ancient American smiths had sufficient knowledge and skill to make a set of plates using the alloy that the

Spaniards called tumbaga. The

plates of the Book of Mormon, we allege, were of this alloy and were probably of between 8- and 12carat gold. They thus appear to

have weighed between 53 and 86 pounds. We further allege that the

plates were manufactured by hammering the metal to a thickness of.02 of an inch with a 23carat

gilded surface of.0006 of an inch,

resulting in a hardness of 30 Brinells to the engravers tool, while the center of the plate maintained a Brinell of 80 or above.

The plates themselves would have presented a solid gold surface to the eye, yet they would have weighed as little as half as much as pure gold.

BIBLIOGRAPHY

For further information concerning the plates of the Book of Mormon, see the THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE following:

Sjodahl, J. M. An Introduction to the

Study of the Book of Mormon. Salt

Lake City: Desefet News Press, 1927.

HistorySmith, of Joseph. Documentary NOW AVAILABLE! Deseret the Church. Salt Lake City:

News Press, 1902.

Sperry, Problems Sidney B. of the Book Fully Dramatized

Salt BookLake City: of Mormon.

craft, 1964. Sound Filmstrip

Widtsoe, John A., and Franklin S. Harris, Jr. Seven Claims of the Book of Mormon. Independence, Missouri: in Vivid COLOR

Zion's Printing and Publishing Company, n.d.

For information on the properties of The First Vision ancient metals, see especially the folof the Prophet Joseph Smith lowing:

thrilling follow can you Here the

Kirkland. Code: Lothrop, Samuel An of the restoration durbeginning

Central PanStudy Archaeological of revivals, including ing the 1820, in the Peahody Memoirs ama, of first vision, his search, Joseph's

EthnolArchaeology and Museum of reviled, ridiculed being and and 7. Harvard Cambridge: ogy, Vol.

his soundvaluable testimony. A

University, 1937.

in full color, for filmstrip, each

SacriCenote Metals ofLothrop. from cherfamily to Saint Latterday

Itza, in Yucatan, fice, Chichen Memish upon and numerous show oirs the of Peahody of Museum firenight, (Family occasions

Archaeology and Ethnology, Vol. 10, sides, missionary work, class lesNo. 2. Cambridge: Harvard Universons, etc.)

sity, 1952.

Orchard, William C. "Peruvian Gold and Film: 152 frames Record: Side 1 The Apostasy Side 2 The First Vision

Gold Plating,"Indian Notes, Vol. 7,

Museum of the American Indian, Heye included as an excellent companion feature to "The First

Foundation. Exciting Bonus Feature Vision,"it concerns the establishment of the primitive

Rotto, William C. "Metallurgy,"in Julian Church of Jesus Christ founded upon apostles and prophets

South (ed.), Stewart of Handbook H. guided by revelation and the great apostasy which followed. The Apostasy \ Bulletin Indians, 143. WashAmerican

ington Bureau of American Ethnology, Send check or money order to: 1949.:

2-in-1 offer DESERET FILM PRODUCTIONS, INC.

both for just $10.50 2231 Garfield Avenue Salt Lake City, Utah 84108

SEPTEMBER 196S 831.

Communication coln said that when he prepared you will soon realize that the fulis difillment of these moments most a debate, he would spend(Continued from page 793) for related his rectly to your own special of his time considering what on the moldy buns, the mother had opponent would say—not what he and unique personality.

an opportunity to help him analyze himself would say. Recognizing that every person is

the habit patterns that were leading After you have learned that there different from every other human him to eventual personal corruption. are many moments for communicabeing is of great advantage. If you

When you create such golden tion, and after you have skillfully know your own personal peculiarimoments, the key is to anticipate analyzed the needs of those around ties, idiosyncrasies, habits, abilities, and recognize the needs and interyou and begun the exciting role of gifts, interests, possessions, and ests of the receiver. Abraham Lincreating your own golden moments, goals, you may be qualified to capture the attention of another in a

most memorable manner.

"I never met a man who was not my superior in some way,"wrote

Emerson. Part of the knack of comfind the is to times and ii munication | THE SPOKEN UNANSWERED YET? situations in your which own

WORD a "superiority"is most effective, and to analyze and select your best

RICHARD L. EVANS means of communication for the

situation.

Among many things we have in common is that life is a search for all The fact that one person likes to of us. It is also a mixture of problems and accomplishment, of disapread mysteries makes him different

pointment and hope, of fearfulness and faith. There are times when from his neighbor and gives him a

we have a sense of assurance and times when we feel less than the possibility for interesting others in assurance we so much seek. As all of us know, we need the help of himself and the beliefs and plan

others, but there are times when we know that the help of other men of life that have made him what is not enough—times when in loss, in loneliness, in trouble, in heartache he is. The fact that another person

and wonderment, we need to know that there is greater wisdom, greater is bald or nearsighted gives him power, greater purpose, greater assurance than we have found in unsatispossible openings for a discussion fied searching, greater need to know our relationship to life and of our on the resurrection.

part in the Creator's great plan and purpose. And we are each of us There will never be another you.

part of the great plan and purpose. We are, in a very real and everBecause of this, only you, with your

lasting relationship, tied to our loved ones, to family and friends, to own particular elements of personal all mankind, to the Father of all mankind, to all history in its flow "superiority"or advantage, can crefrom the immemorial past to the everlasting future. There is an infinite ate and fulfill so many of the

power, there is an eternal purpose, there is a personal God, the Father golden moments for communication of us all, and we have part in his purpose and a very real relationship that come each day.

to him who made us in his own image. And when we reach out in our As a Latterday Saint, you have a

thoughts, in our needs, in our hopes, in our problems, in our prayers, message and a calling. When you

we may have such assurance. And though we find ourselves discourprepare your golden moments,

aged, troubled, lonely, burdened, and feeling our pleas unanswered, think of your message, your purwe may find strength, comfort, courage in the words of an old and pose. We in "The 3 D's"feel that

cherished hymn, with its assurance that all unanswered questions will our challenge is to show those to be answered, that our prayers and pleadings are heard and heeded, whom we perform that they don't though the time and manner of the answers are not always to us in have to be embarrassed to be enevidence. tertained; that it's not square to be

good; and that those who say that

"Unanswered yet? The prayer your lips have pleaded spiritual things are prudish or oldIn agony of heart these many years? fashioned are either misled or misDoes faith begin to fail, is hope departing, leading. We want to show people

And think you all in vain those falling tears? that real joy and enjoyment are in

Say not the Father hath not heard your prayer; the gospel of Jesus Christ.

You shall have your desire, sometime, somewhere. Finally, if it seems as if you

don't make it every time you try "Unanswered yet? Though when you first presented to communicate, don't get discourThis one petition at the Father s throne, aged. Keep trying. And if it is

It seemed you could not wait the time of asking, any help, remember "The 3 D's,"

So urgent was your heart to make it known. working up a lather on stage for

Though years have passed since then, do not despair; an hour and fiftyeight minutes of

The Lord will answer you, sometime, somewhere."1 a twohour concert, hoping for the

opportunity when the audience aOphelia G. Adam, Unanswered Yet? might sing, and understand, "Give,

"The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia then for Jesus give; There is someBroadcasting System May 15, 1966. Copyright 1966. thing all can give."

832 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Yovng wewhf.rk of th.e ('hvrch. f Norway, Denmark, Sweden, ana p'inwirm

participate in athletic eveHt dv< uouth festival held in Stockholm, Bw4m

Two young women from Sweden lead the field in the girls footrace.

Runner from Finland wins race.

Dancers perform beneath MIA seal, which states, Young people from four nations dance in festival.

"The glory of God is intelligence."

834 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOURNATION YOUTH CONFERENCE

by Doyle L. Green

Festinord! This magical word was on the lips of in Stockholm the hours of darkness are few. At

young members of the Church and many of their 10:00 p.m. it was still light enough to carry on outfriends in the Scandinavian countries during the side activities without artificial light.

early months of 1966. Then on June 30 they started Friday morning, after a worship service, the "MIA

arriving in people 1426 years Olympics"got underway—soccer, volleyball, and Stockholm—young

of age, along with MIA officers, teachers, chaperones, athletic events for boys and girls; races, relays,

and mission priesthood leaders from four countries broad jump, high jump, softball throw (girls), shot of the northland—Sweden, Denmark, Norway, and put (boys). (Continued)

Finland. (See front cover.)

This great "festival of the north"was the culminaFlags of four nations fly near the Gubbangen tion for these young people of their MIA activities for Branch chapel, Stockholm.

the year. It was the first fournation youth conference

to be held in the north for many years.

The peoples of Norway, Denmark, and Sweden speak different languages, but since all are of Germanic root, they can generally make themselves understood when conversing with each other. But

the Finnish language is so completely different from the others that communication generally has to be carried on through an interpreter. Many of the

young people, however, speak English, and it often provided a common means of communication.

The theme of the conference was a passage from

Psalms: "He that hath clean hands, and a pure

heart; who hath not lifted up his soul unto vanity,

nor sworn deceitfully."(Psalms 24:4.) Large signs

on some of the buses read: "Youth that is clean."

During the conference, flags of the four nations flew on poles near the branch chapel at Gubbangen.

To add color and interest to the festival, many of the young people wore their national costumes throughout much of the conference. A count showed

some 600 in attendance.

Thursday was registration day. Activities started

that afternoon with a sightseeing tour of the beautiful city of Stockholm. In the evening a campfire

comeas-youare getacquainted party was held, and the young people sang together and enjoyed skits, musical numbers, and refreshments. In the summer

SEPTEMBER 1966 Adding greatly to the color of the events (literally) testants—redwere the gaily andcoloredwhiteuniformsfor Denmark;worn by bluethe conand

white for Finland; red, blue, and white for Norway;

and blue and yellow for Sweden. Competition was

friendly but spirited, with each mission sharing the honors.

Beautiful clothes for daytime and evening wear, made by the young girls, were modeled by those who created them. "Lovely to Look At"was the theme,

and all the missions were represented. This was

followed by a formal dance. Special musical numbers, skits, and refreshments added much to the

evening.

On Saturday afternoon a dance festival and a youth chorus concert were held. Patterned after similar events held at June conference in Salt Lake City,

participants from the four countries had been practicing their numbers for many weeks, but only one combined rehearsal was held before the events.

Visiting general board members remarked that the chorus was good enough to perform in the Tabernacle and that the dance festival was excellent.

In the evening a roadshow festival was held, and certificates were given those who placed in the many events.

As impressive and enjoyable as all of the conference was, including a spiritual meeting Sunday morning, the highlight of the conference was a testimony meeting held for three hours on Sunday afternoon. The youth of these four Northland missions

lined up in two lines that stretched the length of the chapel to bear their testimonies to the truthfulness of the restored Church and tell of their appreciation Above, left, a young girl enjoys ice cream cone for Festinord. One missionary described the meeting while on sightseeing tour. Right, a "make it—

as "a spiritual experience of a lifetime."model it"event shows the handiwork of many

seamstresses. Bottom, a group practices for

dance festival.

Getacquainted "campfire"program is enjoyed by youth conference participants.

jPfif-: --. %

VJv>. '*& m

IN HIS LETTER TO THE ROMANS, the Apostle Paul wrote, "Render therefore to all their dues; tribute to whom

tribute is due;... honour to whom honour."Few people

have ever been as deserving of such tribute from the youth of the Church as President David 0. McKay.

His life has given us an inspired pattern to follow. His

teachings have touched every part of our lives, and we are better because of them. For his constant devotion

to us and his deep concern for our problems, he has won the love of young people everywhere.

by Jim Moss Following Paul's admonition, in the early months of this year we began planning the tribute to President

McKay from LDS students at the University of Utah. The

meeting was held on a beautiful May evening in the

Tabernacle. We hoped that through music and spoken

word, the portrait of the Prophet, and the accompanying plaque, we could tell President McKay of our great love, our appreciation, our gratitude, and our affection for him.

But more than anything else, there was a feeling and spirit in the Tabernacle that night that will long be remembered, for in its own way it paid a greater tribute than anything we could do. It said to President McKay,

"We are the youth of the Church. We join as one in

bearing our testimony that you are a prophet of God, and we honor and sustain you with all our heart."

The response to the tribute has been overwhelming.

From students and faculty, members and nonmembers, there has come an outpouring of warmth for this great and good man. As our tribute pledge to him, we again

say, "True to the faith that our parents have cherished,

True to the truth for which martyrs have perished, To

God's command, Soul, heart, and hand, Faithful and true we will ever stand."

SEPTEMBER 1966 837 RENDER THEREFORE TO ALL THEIR DUES:

TRIBUTE TO WHOM TRIBUTE IS DUE;

... HONOUR TO WHOM HONOUR.

ROMANS 13:7

838 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NINETY YEARS

You say that I'm ninety! There must be a mistake,

For throughout my body there's no pain nor ache.

It's true I respond less keenly to sound

And forget where I put things as I strew them around.

But it's no time at all since "Tommy"and I

Took "Nettie Bell"and "Anne,"our fortunes to try

At the "U."When seeking apartments where we could stay,

I met for the first time a maiden called "Ray."

You say that I'm ninety! Why she's still by my side—

As precious and sweet as when, as my bride,

In the springtime of life, with hearts all aglow,

We faced life together, come weal or come woe.

Family cares came heavy, but not a complaint;

Fortyfour children now praise her as saint.

Companion, counselor, adviser, always,

My wife for eternity, my own Emma Ray.

You insist that I'm ninety! My limbs say you're right,As I hobble along—a pitiable sight!

But I shall always feel young with the gospel that's true,

With loved ones around me and friends like you.

David O. McKay

SEPTEMBER 1966 839 MAKE THE MOST OF YOUR ONCE!

One chance to live.

One go at life.

One time to be sixteen or seventeen or twelve.

A single service on the memorable moments; nothing is ever the same twice.

Only once to play this particular part.

Whether it is a student office, a priesthood project, piano lessons, a

helpingwith-childrenjob, starting college, or staging a play, a birthday party, a youth conference—"making the most ofyour once"is a rightfbryou

slogan to live by.

Fall marks a new school year, afresh season, the time when leaves turn over. As the opportunities arise for personal growth, achievement, or

a measure ofpure joy, it is our wish that LDSyouth everywhere will rise to such occasions by making the most of their once.

Here are fascinating details about some who have done just this and how they did it.

The Editors

SAO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FIVE MORMONS who were chosen by their states to right: Dale Walther, Anchorage, Alaska; Ben Arp,

as among the nation's top hundred science students Boulder City, Nevada; Robert Ingebretsen, Salt Lake

are shown programming a computer at the National City, Utah. Seated: Tim Benedict, Pocatello, Idaho,

Youth Science Camp in West Virginia. Standing, left and Bob Mecham, American Fork, Utah.

ON THE ISLAND OF MAUI, "everyone"knows

Marvelee Soon. Hawaii's first State Dairy Princess,

she has been active in 4-H work for nine years on both state and national levels. A real "minute"

man, she has served as class secretary for four years, a cheerleader for three, and has been in the cast or has done special art work for four class plays.

Marvelee was cochairman of the junior prom, and she even served as a campus police officer. A

convert to the Church, she contributes considerable time to drama and speech festival work. Her plans:

study at the Church College of Hawaii.

SEPTEMBER 1966 841 AT ITAZUKE AIR BASE in Japan, Rebecca Johnson recently won the coveted Commander's Award, setting her off as the outstanding girl graduate of her high school. She'll take her 3.8 grade point average

with her this fall to Brigham Young University. One

of eight children of the Joseph T. Johnsons, she has

served as vice president of her senior class, of the

Honor Society, and of the Itazuke Teen Club. She

also coedited the yearbook, reigned as Harvest in a rare moment Queen and as Miss Itazuke, and—

or two of spare time—studies piano and Japanese

floral art.

SHE'S AN OUTDOOR GIRL who is perfectly at home inside a comfortable business office. That's Marsha

Crist, a real snow bunny from Anchorage, Alaska. She

was cool toward sports until the eighth grade, but when the bug hit, Marsha made up for lost time.

She's Alaska's fastest threequarter miler on ice skates and is just as much at home on figure skates and roller skates. She's a whiz of a high jumper

and plays basketball and volleyball. She can ski

on snow or water with equal skill and has an eye on

Ricks College and Brigham Young University, where she plans to major in physical education—with a

special interest in business classes, too.

842 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE LAKE OSWEGO (OREGON) Ward bishopric has devised a checklist for its young men. One young

man with an enviable number of X's on the checklist is Steve Zimmerman. Only three boxes remain unchecked: Master M Man (he's working on it), a

mission (he's at Brigham Young University preparing for one), and temple marriage (after the mission). Since the death of his father, Steve has been

serving as assistant custodian of the chapel, along with carrying a full church activity load. Seminary?

A perfect attendance record for four years.

THE CALL OF THE NORTH is music to the ears of

Ron Wilde. Arizona born, he's lived in Guam and

Nebraska, but he likes the 49th state best of all.

He can knock the stuffing out of wild game as a crackshot hunter, but he knows how to put it all back together as an apprentice taxidermist. Ron

wants to become an engineer after his studies at

Brigham Young University and has set his sights on a mission. An Eagle Scout with one bronze palm,

he also is council cabinet chairman for the Western

Alaska Council and is secretary of his priests quorum in the Anchorage First Ward.

SEPTEMBER 1966 843 MOVE OVER, ANNIE OAKLEY. A trio of Mormon School and all have their church achievement awards.

girl sharpshooters has come out of Meridian, Idaho, Diane is a member of the Meridian Ward, Ginger as real "bull's-eye belles."The girls are Ginger and Janet of the Meridian Second Ward of the North

Waters, Janet Hadfield and Diane Bowen, who call Boise Stake.

themselves the LDS Beehive Stingers. They scored

20 wins against only four losses in the Meridian

Subjunior Rifle League competition this year. All

three are honor students at Meridian Junior High

NO BURNT TOAST and heavy biscuits for Nancy

Norris, a Mia Maid in the Northridge (California)

Second Ward. She has been named Miss Teen

Cuisine for the entire Los Angeles area. She won

the title by planning, preparing, and displaying a meal that met high nutritional and economic require- $3—andments: a dinnerpreparedfor withinfour atjusta cost90 minutes.of no moreNancythan

beat out more than 40 finalists to win a $150 scholarship bond and a trophy.

844 IHf IMPROVEMENT ERA "ON, BROTHERS, on until we're Eagles all!"Three

Salt Lake brothers have taken literally the words of this Boy Scout pep song. They are Frank L, Val D.

and Harlow B. Christianson, sons of the Byron F.

Christiansons of the Monument Park Fourth Ward.

Frank is a missionary in Brazil, Val is a student at

Hillside Junior High, and Harlow is a returned missionary from Northern California who is now studying chemical engineering at the University of Utah.

DEPENDABILITY could be the middle name of Sue

Roach of the Washington Terrace Third Ward. For

five years Sue has not missed Sunday School, MIA, or sacrament meeting. During that time she also

has served as a Primary teacher and for two years as assistant librarian and assistant secretary in

Sunday School. She has spent 152 hours as a

volunteer worker at Dee Hospital in Ogden, Utah, and has won her fouryear certificate at the Bonneville Seminary, where she was a graduation speaker.

She is on the Bonneville High School honor roll and earned an academic scholarship to Utah State University, where she has set her sights on an education major. Her parents are Mr. and Mrs. Roy Roach.

SEPTEMBER 196C 845 imll 111 tf Uli I/Ill %3

Another Improvement Era Youth Writin Contest!

In cooperation with Brigham Young University,

Ricks College, and Church College of Hawaii

Rules:

ELIGIBLE ENTRANTS: High school seniors (196667) and college- c. The following statement: "This work is original."

age (under 23 years of age on January 1, 1967). d. At the top of the first page of the manuscript the author should

CATEGORIES: Short story, essay, poetry. designate which school he/she would be interested in attending

All entries should be suitable for publication in the Era of Youth. if the entry merits an award.

RULES: Entries must be typewritten on white paper 8V2"x 11", (Please note: No entries from the mainland USA will be accepted for

doublespaced, on one side of paper only. the Church College of Hawaii scholarships)

Entries should not exceed 500 words in length, but longer entries up AWARDS: Eighteen valuable university scholarships, 12 cash awards,

to 1,000 words will be considered for judging and publication if they 12 threeyear Era subscriptions.

are especially meritorious. TIME: Entries must be mailed to the Era of Youth, 79 South State

Each entry must be designated by a pen name and must be accomSt., Salt Lake City, Utah 84111, postmarked not later than December

panied by a sealed envelope containing: 31, 1966. Winners will be announced in the June 1967 issue of the Era.

a. The pen name. Winning entries become the property of The Improvement Era. The

b. The author's actual name, address, telephone number, ward and Era reserves first publication rights to all other entries. Payment will

stake, title of entry, and age of the writer. be made upon publication. No entries will be returned.

846 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA one to join him. I thought to myself, "Why not?

I'm in good shape. I ought to be able to cut it. If

ever I'm going to 'run and not be weary'it should be now."Soon I was on his heels.

I made it in time. The pump station was notified,

and the dam was saved. The breakthrough was next

to the pipe, because of an oversight, and was easily repaired. I arrived first because Andy's breath had

failed him about halfway there.

by Douglas L. Andrus When I returned to camp, I heard the men talking.

Andy was speaking the loudest: "I guess I'm not

WE CALLED HIM ANDY. He was a big Swede and as young as I once was, but you should have seen

claimed that his particular distinction of stamina him! He's the first person who could ever keep up

and large stature was due to his total abstinence to me. Every time I looked over my shoulder, there

from tobacco and alcohol. he was. Then I gave out, but not him. When I

"When hiking up mountains, no man ever beat stopped, he passed me by and yelled back, 'Don't me or could match me,"he exclaimed one day as worry, Andy, I'll take care of it.'"

he strode past us on the trail.

"I don't know how he does it,"wondered a big guy named Monk. "You'd never take him to be 67."

The job was in the Fairbanks, Alaska, gold camps in it was 1947. The outfit was the FE '47—but

Gold Mining Company. Our job was to rebuild a

dam on the upper canal that had broken and temporarily stopped the hydraulic mining operation.

First a dam had to be replaced, then a 36inch pipe laid down the mountain side, and then the pumps on

Fairbanks'Lima River could pump the canal full.

A week was planned for the job. That week meant

an opportunity to learn how to build a "mud"dam.

The work progressed well even though two men quit because one morning there were brownbear tracks around the unfinished dam. There was plenty

of peat moss, which was cut in large squares and packed down in layers with mud acting as a mortar.

It was something like the banks on irrigation ditches, except with them straw and grass were used to strengthen the dirt walls. Andy supervised the entire

construction and seemed to take special delight in explaining the techniques to the younger and newer men of the crew. He showed how the layers of

peat and mud would be strong and could do the job like cement. Then, while laying the pipe, he

explained the part played by an enormous steel plate called a bible and by the heavy battering ram.

The work was finished in less than a week, and early the next day the water came. It rose steadily

it happened.until the canal was about half full—then

The men stationed at the lower side of the dam suddenly saw a trickle of water; the dam was leaking!

Andy yelled, "The pumps'll have to be told, in order to stop the water."It was four miles to the

pump station, and he began to run. As he started

up the bank of the canal, he turned to beckon someSEPTEMBER 1966 I

The Last Word

Two construction workers were arguing The desire to have many books, and about their physical strength. One was never to use them, is like a child that

a halfpint-sized man, the other a will have a candle burning by him all the strapping 200pounder. "I'll bet $10,"while he is asleep.—Henry Peacham

said the little fellow, "that 1 can wheel something in a wheelbarrow from here to the other side of the street, and you cant wheel it back!"The big man

scratched his head a moment in aston- // one advances confidently in ishment and then cried, "It's a bet!"the direction of his dreams and

They borrowed a wheelbarrow from a endeavors to live the life which nearby project. The little man smiled, He who marries for he has imagined, he will meet a

rubbed his hands, picked up the money earns it,—An success unexpected in common handles, and said: "Okay. Climb in."cient Hebrew Proverb hours.—Henry David Thoreau

"I just received Have the Presbyterians any a letter from my truth? Yes. Have the Baptists,

sweetheart with a Methodists, etc., any truth? Yes.

couple of X's at They all have truth mixed with the end of it. error. We should gather all the

Now, what do you good and true principles in the think she means world and treasure them up, or by that?""It we shall not come out true means she's douLatter-day Saints.—The Prophet

blecrossing you."Joseph Smith, July 23. 1843.

The struggle between belief Two spinsters were discussing men. "Which

and unbelief is the only thing would you desire most in a husband—brains,

in the memoirs of humanity wealth, or appearance?"asked one. "Appearance,"

worth considering.—Goethe snapped the other, "and the sooner the better."

I never hesitate to praise Fritz Kreisler, the famous vioWe cannot be too much my children when they delinist, while walking with a in the work of the Lord.

serve it. I even praise friend, once passed a fish store—Elder Mark E. Petersen

one when the others are where codfish on display in the present, because they are window were arranged in a row secure in my love for with their mouths wide open them. Each child knows and their eyes staring. Noticing

that when he has done the fish, Kreisler stopped sudsomething praiseworthy, denly and, grabbing his friend he will get the same recogby the arm, exclaimed, "Oh, nition and credit.—Cited my golly! That reminds me—

by Claribel W. Aldous should be playing at a concert!"

848 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tMimikMMMJIiMiI i wikMlkkWkiii on KSL. home of radio hrilling playby

1966 BYU FOOTBALL SCHEDULE

September 24 San Jose San Jose 8:00 p.m. play action with

September 30 Colorado State Provo 8:00 p.m.

October 8 Utah State Provo 1:30 p.m.

October 14 Arizona State Provo 8:00 p.m.

October 22 New Mexico Albq. (TV) 1:30 p.m.

October 29 Arizona Tuscon 8:00 p.m.

November 5 Texas West Provo (Homecoming) 1:30 p.m.

November 12 Utah SLC 1:30 p.m.

November 19 Wyoming Provo 1:30 p.m.

November 26 U. of Pacific Provo 1:30 p.m. Brought to you by: AMES!

Bennett Glass & Paint United States Steel

Deseret Federal Geneva Corporation

Savings & Loan Safeway, Inc.

BeelineFrontier Schick Safety Razor Company

DIAL \ ome of radio

broadcast House Salt Lake City, Utah

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

The lights burn long... as your children try to keep pace with the new knowledge of the world in

which they live. They are studying in junior high and high school much of the material we first encountered in college... and in college and graduate work they will go far beyond the arts and sciences you

were taught. Are the financial plans for your children's future keeping pace with your hopes and dreams

for their education and careers? Their opportunity is assured

when your life insurance is Beneficial. Beneficial Life BENEFICIAL LIFE

One of the West's oldest and largest life insurance companies -serving 11 Western States and Ohio. Virgil H. Smith, Pro. Salt Lake City, Utah