IN THIS ISSUE:

"JhsL 3>insL (fat d Ztivinql'

This is the theme of this year's BYU Education Weeks (formerly Leadership

Weeks) which will be presented by LDS stakes in 44 locations in United States and Canada during the summer. Some 50,000 persons are expected to attend

these learning festivals conducted by BYU and local faculty in concentrated courses in the arts, science, religion, literature, personal development, skills and scores of others. Put yourself in a scene like that above. Have fun and

learn at an Education Week.

Burley, Idaho July 12, 13, 14 Twin Falls, Idaho July 15, 16, 17

PLAN NOW TO ATTEND PACIFICPortland,NORTHWESTOregon CIRCUIT July 5, 6, 7

Check the schedule below for an Education Week Tacoma,Seattle, WashingtonWashington JulyJuly 15,9, 10,16, 1217 in your area. For information contact Education CANADANORTHWEST CIRCUIT

Weeks Office at BYU or your local stake officers. Calgary, Canada July 22, 23, 24

ARIZONANEVADA CIRCUIT Lethbridge, Canada July 26, 27, 28

July 2, Spokane, Washington 31, Aug. 3

4, Las 5 3, Vegas, Nevada June

Lake, 7 5, 6, Washington August 7, 9 Moses 8, Arizona Mesa, June

Phoenix, Arizona June 10, 11, 12 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT

SOUTHWEST CIRCUIT WestSan BernardinoCovina JulyJuly 20,26, 21,27, 2228

Thatcher, Arizona June 17, 18, 19 Santa Monica July 29, 30, 31

El Paso, Juarez, Texas June 22, 23, 24 Burbank August 2, 3, 4

Albuquerque, New Mexico June 26, 28, 29 Long Beach August 5, 6, 7

Snowflake, Arizona July 1, 2, 3 Anaheim August 10, 11, 12

UTAH PROGRAMS San Diego August 16, 17, 18

Ogden North May 31, June 1, 2 NORTHERN CALIFORNIA CIRCUIT

Ogden South June 3, 4, 5 Sacramento July 26, 27, 28

Provo, B. Y. U. Campus June 7, 8, 9, 10 Oakland July 29, 30, 31

Jordan Valley June 10, 11, 12 Palo Alto August 3, 4, 5

GrangerKearns June 21, 22, 23 Fresno August 7, 9, 10

Sugar House June 24, 25, 26 Bakersfield August 12, 13

Downtown Salt Lake June 28, 29, 30 COLORADO CIRCUIT

IDAHO CIRCUIT Denver, Colorado August 26, 27, 28

Pocatello, Idaho June 3, 4, 5 Rexburg, Idaho June 7, 8, 9 Idaho Falls, Idaho June 10, 11, 12

Blaekfoot, Idaho June 14, 15, 16 Ontario, Oregon June 21, 22, 23 BRIGHAM YOUNG

Boise, Idaho June 24, 25, 26 Montpelier, Idaho June 29, 30, July 1 Preston, Idaho July 7 f 8, 9 UNIVERSITY S

Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

GLACIALSPEED

How fast do glaciers move? Professor Barclay Lamb of California

Institute of Technology reports that most valley glaciers flow from 4 to 80 inches per day, depending on the glacier size and the valley slope. In ice falls, movements up to

about 20 feet per day occur commonly. Great glaciers, such as the

Jakobshavn, flowing from the ice sheet on the west coast of Greenland into fjords, have sometimes moved 100 feet per day, If there is a balance between the ice wastage or ablation and the forward motion, the snout of the glacier will remain in the same place.

The Black Rapids Glacier of Alaska has sometimes advanced suddenly at speeds of 330 feet per day.

I U and RADIOCARBON DATES SUGAR CIVILIZATIONS gives you D. P. Agrawal reports from India

that on the basis of radiocarbon "getup-andgo dating of the three main Harappa sites at Mohenjodaro, Kalibangan, U and I Sugar provides pure and Lothal, the Harappa culture food energy—a vital factor for

flourished for about 550 years from healthy, active bodies! Serve

2300 to 1750 BC. Dating from writenergy-high U and I Sugar treats

isten documents possible not yet because the Indus script has not to your family often.

yet been deciphered.

Energyhigh U and I...

the sugar from our land.

MAY 1965 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for May 1965 Volume 68, Number 5

ART AND PHOTO CREDITS Church Features Art Direction: Ralph Reynolds

The Editor's Page: "... the way, the truth, and the life,"369372: Art:Art: EdEd MaryonMaryon

Clark Photos: Ralph to 401

Art: Virginia Sargent President David O. McKay - - - 380 402,384 403

Kilbourn Dale 404, 405 Eternal Father Create Question: a World WhereYour Did Our Why

Nibley Photo: 406 Art:Hugh Exist? Fielding President Smith 382 Suffering Joseph Sorrow and Nicholson Larry Photo: 436

438,439 Photos: Unknown

The Church Moves On, 374; Melchizedek Priesthood: Restoration to Be Commemorated, 436; 440, 441 Photo: Ralph Clark

Presiding Bishopric's Page, 438. 449450 Photo:to 461 MaxPhotos:TharpeRamon Winegar

462,463 Photos: Unknown

Special Features The Fine Art of Living, an Introduction 378 RalphAll otherReynoldsart andStudiophotos:

The Fine Art of Living and Learning, R. Wayne Shute 384

The Bible as Literature, Robert K. Thomas 386

Courtesy in the Family, Virginia Cutler and Charlene hind 388

Developing Creativity, D. Chris Poulos 390

TV and the Prophet Joseph Smith, Keith M. Engar 392

Out of the Best Books: The Wonderful World of Literature,

Bruce B. Clark 394 WORLD'S FAIR

Traveling for Art Appreciation, Duane Anderson 396 Information on reservations for

Budgeting for the Arts, Stephen R. and Sandra Covey 398 housingattendingaccommodationsthe World's Fairwhilemay be

contacting obtained by Inspired Revision of the Bible, Part 4 (conclusion)Teaching: The Wiemer,

Fair Housing Center Robert 404 J. Matthews ErnestLDS World'sH.

Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 3 (continued) Elmhurst,8569 60thNewDriveYork 11373

Hugh Nibley 406 TelephoneReservationsOLmust13540be made early.

Genealogy: The Priesthood Genealogy Class in MIA 408

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 422, 446

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 369; These Times: Time for the Family: The

Church Speaks, G. Homer Durham, 372; Letters and Reports, 376.

The Era of Youth 449 The Last Word 464 Family and Home Features Family Activities, A Spoonful of Sugar, Part 3, Daryl V. Hoole 400

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Mothers Are Girls 440 THE COVER Stories, Poetry "The Fine Art of Living"is the

The Hat in Her Life, Rene Valerie 402 themeImprovementof this Era,issuebeginningof The with

Poetry 414, 416, 424, 448 chairmanthe cover. ofDr.theRichardart departmentL. Gunn, of

Brigham Young University, shows the

Floyd Sucher family "The Feast

The Improvement Era Offices, 79 South State, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 ofDr. Herod"Sucher byis anPeterassistantPaul Rubens.

professor in the department of at education With him BYU. Editor; Associate L. Zobell, Albert Managing C. Josefhson, Editors; Green, Managing Marba Doyle Richard and O.David McKay

his Editor; sons Today's Pinnock, Associates; Geraldine, Editorial wife Florence Family MarionJr., teacherare L.Davis, Marlowe,Editor; Darold Becki Editor; E. Grant, L. Evans,Donna Research Carter

Direction: Editor; Studio. ReynoldsB. Art Ralph Associate Youth Era Editor; Elaine Hiccins,Cannon, The YouthD, of Hanks, The Era of Scott daughters Loren, and and

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. Nancy and Marianne. The Rubens'

Smith,G. Carlos

Director; Thayer Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription paintingcollectionshangsroominonthethespecialfourth level

of Arts the Harris Center Fine

Saints, published and Mutual by the 1965, of Christ of Latterday of Jesus Association Improvement Church The Men's Mutual Superintendent, YoungGeneral It of the masterpieces is one at BYU. subscripmultiple in price, advance; Subscription a year, All rights $3.00 reserved. of Christ Latterday of of Jesus Associations Church TheImprovement university the given by price. three to year year, tions, the $2.50 a year $8.25; years, succeeding addedSaints. 2 years, 3 $3.75; each

of Mrs. K. O. Cosla and act Dr. section for in of provided rate 1103, at special postage for Salt mailing City, Office, as matter. Acceptance secondclass the Post at Lake Utah Entered

Francisco. cover San authorized 2, of 1918. 1917, The October July

Era ImprovementThe accompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c photograph is by Gary B. Thurman. a word and must be

notice Thirty days'cannot changes be madeis requiredunless theforoldchangeaddressof asaddress.well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address byCoverDeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The search for knowledge should be part of every LatterKnowledge day Saint's selfimprovement program... and Deseret

Book is the best source of stimulating and rewarding is

Churchrelated books that explore many fields of knowlPower edge... in history, science and religion.

THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD THROUGH

THE CENTURIES $3.95

by Lee A. Palmer

A profound and scholarly work that vividly portrays the origin

History and development of the AARONIC PRIESTHOOD... its significance and its power in the different ages of man... the manner

in which it has been treated by its many holders. Lee Palmer

a mmm has a rare gift for making a carefully and exhaustively researched book, such as this, a joy and a delight to read.

THE GOSPEL: GOD, MAIN'AND TBUTH

by David H. Yarn, Jr. $3-25

Religion In a philosophical vein, the author takes time to ponder with us the deeper implications of the unchanging gospel... its implications for the family of man from Eden to the present time.

A deeply moving and spiritually enriching work that will give you a more profound understanding of God's work and will.

TRUTH BY REASON AND BY REVELATION

by Frank Salisbury $4.50

A noted exobiologist logically and impressively gives us his reasons for his deep belief in the doctrines of the Restored Church.

the approach of a trained scientist, he carefully shows us Science Using that atheistic arguments against the Creation, God and the nature of man, disappear when subjected to an unprejudiced examination by someone who has a complete knowledge of all the relevant sciences involved. A valuable and informative aid to all of

us in combating the sneers of factually inaccurate socalled intellectuals.

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 841 1 1—PHONE 3288191

Enclosed please find $ check... money order

I have an account, please charge For the items numbered below: UeseretCOM P A N Y Book 1 2 3

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AT AND COTTONWOOD MALL Name SALT CITY LAKE

2472 BLVD., WASHINGTON OGDEN Address

777 CALIFORNIA SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE,

City State Zip Residents of Utah please add 2Vi% sales tax.

Residents of California ordering through California store, please add 4% sales tax.

I, E. May 65

MAY 1965 371 Time for the Family:

The Church CHURCH Speaks SCHOOL and THESE TIMES FAMILY By Dr. G. Homer Durham

President, Arizona State University, Tempe MUSIC

CENTERS The reinstitution and reemphasis the "faculty"in a great homeofFamilythe importanceHome Eveningof a byweeklyThe thecentereddirectionteachingof fatherprogramand mother.under

Church of Jesus Christ of LatterThe suggested "curriculum"is

Pianos day Saints in 1965 constitutes one of bound to have farranging results. the important movements of these Those of us who remember home

Organs times.Fifty years ago, in 1915, the First eveningsa curriculumof yesterdayand withoutsupportingsuch

Band Instruments Presidency of the Church (Presi- "library"can anticipate fruitful redents Joseph F. Smith, Anthon H. sults if this volume is wisely used

Sheet Music* Lund, and Charles W. Penrose) and if the resources of the entire

advised and urged each family to family as "faculty"are fully utiGuitar and conduct a weekly home evening. lized.

Many now living have been the More than five years ago, These

Other Lessons beneficiaries of this practice. In Times (March 1960) reported "the

a letter the First Presidency most important problems"faced by (Presidents David O. McKay, Hugh youth, as recorded by 42,014 second-

B. Brown, and N. Eldon Tanner), ary school students in Utah. These

KIMBALL HARMONY October 26, 1964, announced a young people represented fifty- "new program designed to assist three senior high schools and fortyLOWER) KAY parents in teaching the gospel in six junior high schools. Readers

the home,"commencing January were urged to remember that these

Still CO! 1, 1965. The letter was addressed youth and their pleas came from

to all stake and mission presidents LDS homes in the main. Their

FENDER and and called for churchwide effort. pleas, as transmitted to a White

The effect has been to clarify the House Conference on Children and

GRETCH OLDS fact that home and family are Youth, included such items as not only basic units of human these:

society, but are also basic organi- 1. The family needs to become a

zations of the Church itself. The family again, not just a group of

Write today fo r free information Church, seen by many as a colindividuals living together.

WE SHIP ANYWHERE! lection of stakes, wards, missions, 2. The family needs to do things

SEND THIS COUPON TODAY and branches, a kind of meetingtogether: to play, work, study, go

housecentered organization, is now to church, go on outings, have 45 West Main more clearly seen as a familyfamily nights, and create a wholeSIC Mesa, Arizona centered organization. The meetingsome family life.

Was?as>-m\CENTFR Phone 9048775 houses and ward, stake, mission, 3. Parents need to show more

would like additional informabranch, and general organizations interest in and love for children tion about (check) PIANOS exist to support, aid, and assist and a willingness to talk over the

ORGANS SHEET MUSIC Q fathers, mothers, and childrenproblems of youth. The teenagers

* (Please write sheet music orders homes—in achieving gospel ideals wanted "more opportunities to conout for SELF SCHOOL and the goals of Church, state, and fide in their parents."human society. 4. "We grow up too fast,"they

CHURCH Q) The provision of a 386page said, "... too many privileges for

Family Home Evening Manual, early dating and early use of autoName published by the Council of the mobiles."

Twelve, contaning 46 helpful les- 5. Parents need to assume more

Address sons, has had the effect of providleadership, with father as family

City ing a onevolume "library"to assist head leading out and parents seteach family. The manual contemting the example for harmonious

State Zip plates use of the entire family as (Continued on page 446)

BISHOPS AND BRANCH PRESIDENTS:

WRITE ABOUT A NEW ORGAN OR PIANO FOR YOUR CHAPEL.

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Lord reminds us in the Doctrine and Covenants, that when we accept Him, we accept His annointed. In

this light are all the known available statements of the

First Presidency presented in this massive and important work. The statements are reflective of the early

pioneering history of the church from 1833 to 1849.

This is a most valuable book because it contains the official statements of the church on subjects of particular interest to all Latterday Saints.

MESSAGES OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY, VOL. I

by Dr. James R. Clark

$4.50

flAtf> i *& Young men are being given greater responsibilities in order to meet the horizons of tomorrow. As with Lieutenant Rowan during the SpanishAmericanmswar, the need

is for men who dare to excel by doing! building! striving! creating! climbing!

If I Were You was especially written to stimulate young men who are just embarking on life's journey into manhood. The keys to spiritual and vocational

success from men who are eminently successful in their chosen fields are graphically portrayed.

IF I WERE YOU Compiled under the direction of the

Presiding Bishop's Office.

$2.25

Bookcraft 5/65 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84101

Please send me the following book (books) for which I enclose check or money order for

Messages of the First Presidency If I Were You fj Traveler's Guide to

Historic Mormon America Name.

Address,

City.State..Zip.

"THIS IS THE PLACE! DRIVE ON"

Brigham Young's statement signaled the beginning of a great era ir for the Lord's work, as well as the end of a treacherous pioneer

Journey from Council Bluffs to the Valley of the Great Salt Lake.

Traveler's Guide to Historic Mormon America is a profusely illustra ted book on all areas which have an important role in church history.

to to cuts to road travel the suggest tips on short and best way Maps specially area. stimutreated each geographic a more Use it for historicmormon america visit

. fcv * CON 0<X A140TJ lating trip to historic church highlights.

Ml JTANUFT I KIMSAU M 6 TRAVELERS'GUIDE TO HISTORIC MORMON AMERICA by Don Oscarson $1-95 Research by Dr. Stanley Kimball

MAY 196S 373 The RAAAiLAf Church Moves On HSMe EVeNiNG TEACHING AIDS

Beloved Mormon Hymns FEBRUARY 1965

Profile of a Prophet Italianspeaking missionaries of the Swiss Mission, accomentered mission, of that President panied M. Russon John by Mormon Folk Ballads the after permission from receiving in Italy fields of their labor

To Live In the Sun Italian government to preach the gospel. Missionary work originally

began in Italy in 1850 under the direction of Elder Lorenzo Snow,

Scenes From The Book of who later served as President of the Church. All active proselyting

Mormon (monaural or in Italy, it is believed, stopped by 1862.

stereo) MARCH 1965 Conference Sessions A threegeneration genealogical familygroup-sheet program was announced to the stakes: "... each family in the Church

[is] to submit three generations of family group sheets. The first

sheet includes father and mother with the children comprising their family unit. Father and mother will each submit family group

II sessions sheets for their families showing themselves as a child in their parents'families. They will then submit family group sheets for

General Conference the families where their parents are listed as children in the families (except Priesthood) of their grandparents. This makes a total of seven sheets for each

... The Genealogical Society... now available on family or home in the Church.

should receive one bundle from each stake with the deadline for tape 3% i.p.s. submission set as October 31, 1965."A similar program has been

half track in operation in the Englishspeaking missions of the Church for about a year.

It was announced that Elders Burton F. Brasher, J M. Heslop,

Ray L. White, and A. Ray Curtis had been called to membership on the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement

Association.

Mrs. Faye K. Jensen and Mrs. Donnetta D. Willis have been

DIVISION OF COMMUNICATION called to the general board of the Young Women's Mutual ImproveSERVICES 221 HRCB ment Association.

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PROVO, UTAH 84601 Fullerton(California)StakeStakewas withorganizedElderfromJustinportionsB. Lillywhiteof OrangeasCountypresiPlease send me the following recording dent and Elders John H. Meyers and Rex N. Terry as counselors.

postpaid. My check is enclosed. This presidency served in the same positions in Orange County

Ml 1036 Beloved Mormon Hymns $3.95 Stake which was disorganized and the name dropped.

Ml 1037 Profile of a Prophet $3.95 Anaheim Stake was organized from portions of Orange County

Ml 1004 Mormon Folk Ballads $3.95 Stake with Elder Max V. Eliason as president and Elders Hugh J.

Ml 101 8 To Live in the Son $3.95 Sorenson and I. Gene McDaniel as counselors. These stakes, now

Ml 1026 Scenes from the Book bringing the church total to 402, were organized under the direction of Mormon (monaural) $4.95 of Elder Howard W. Hunter of the Council of the Twelve and Elder

the Book fromD Ml 1027 Scenes (stereo) $5.95 Thorpe B. Isaacson, Assistant to the Twelve. of Mormon

(Salt sustained Elder as president Richards of Winder Henry W. SESSION CONFERENCED Christensen, President Stake succeeding County) M. Elmer (specify date) $5.00 Lake time and

with whom he served as second counselor. Elder Ivan B. Cutler was

Name retained as first counselor, and Elder V. Stanley Benfell is the new

second counselor. President Christensen is a member of the PriestStreet Number hood Home Teaching Committee of the Church.

City Elder J. Richard S. Evanson sustained (Continued on page 445)

State Zip

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..:..:.::::.'.:.::...:.-.:

America's Newest Eagle 7f\ypAD"/U HutKornc Tha Ciinl Outraces The Sun!

The XB70 is a 2,000 mile an hour aerodynamic wonder.

But she can't fly without equallyadvanced fuels.

Standard Oil's research skill is providing them.

Standard, in cooperation with the plane's designer, North

American Aviation, Inc., also developed the special hydraulic

fluids she needs at supersonic speeds and 70,000foot altitudes...another Standard "first."

It's the same way Standard's scientists work with car manufacturers to produce quality gasolines and motor oils for your automobile. Right now, with advanced experimental engines

supplied by automakers, they are developing your petroleum products of the future.

This continuing research is your assurance that Standard's The man at the sign of the Chevron is automotive products will be ready to deliver all the power and backed by one of America's most advanced

S.... highest quality O.

car, performance designed into your car of tomorrow. productsresearch taketeamsbetter boat care of your

or plane.

The ChevronSign of excellence STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1965 375 Letters and Reports

DEEP DEVOTION SHOWS ITSELF

IN GOLD MEDALLION WINNERS

Sue Stockwell Judy Moss Eilene Tolman

JeanneVeylupek CarenWheeler Roberta Evans

As an increasing number of young women receive the Gold Medallion award for earning seven individual awards in the

YWMIA, some outstanding records appear.

Probably none can be a better example

BRIGHAM YOUNG ofthatdiligenceof Robertato otherJune Evansyoung inwomenthe Ogdenthan

President, Deseret National Bank (Utah) 34th Ward, Weber Heights

Utah's First Nationally Chartered Bank Stake, who has moved from Beehive girl to Mia Maid teacher without a break in attendance. She has received 13 indiWe find inspiration in our great heritage of banking vidualtendanceawardsin Sundaywith 11School,years perfectSacramentatservice dating back to 1868, the year Brigham Young and meeting,In Californiaand MIA.Jeanne Veylupek has

others organized the institution that became Utah's first never missed a meeting since she began the nationally chartered bank. In later years the bank joined Ward,MIA programPasadenain Stake,1956. sheIn theearnedPasadenaseven

with others in Utah and Idaho to become what is now individual awards and received the Gold known as the First Security Corporation System of Banks. Medallion,at BYU, earningand shethecontinuedeighth awardher recordin the

Oak Hills Fourth Ward and serving, as

Today, from our headquarters in the Deseret Building, Gleaner assistant to the president of the

Salt Lake City, and through 93 offices in 72 communities, stake council.

we strive to serve the people of the Intermountain Area manUniversityof Pocatello,of IdahoIdaho,coedalso Eileneearned Tolthe years with seven 100 percent with the same integrity and dedication that the great medallion attendance. Eilene active is now colonizer brought to the start of banking in Utah. Moscow ( Idaho ) Second Ward, Lewistonin the

Stake, and is a home economics major.

First Security Banks have been privileged for many, The first girl in a ward to receive the many years to render services to stake and ward authorities medallionto those youngerserves asthanexampleshe. InandtheincentiveMoore

Stake, Lost River (Idaho) two as well as to other auxiliary units of the Church. We are Ward,

the first received awards young women able to give you local service through our many offices, at the same time. They are Judy Renee

each of which is vitally interested in the welfare of its Moss and Caren Delora Wheeler.

community. Ward,VirginiaTorranceSue StakeStockwell,in California,Wilmingtonwas

the first medallion winner in her ward.

is a BYU freshman this year.

FIRST SECURITY BANKS Sue Members Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 29,985, 29,986, 29,987, 29,988, 29,989, 29,990, 29,991, 29,992, 29,993, 29,994

29,995, 29,996, 29,997, 29,998, 29,999, 30,000, 30,001 AND STILL GOING STRONG.

Samsonite withstands more seat stress than 5 competitive brands.

Nationwide ConsumerTesting Institute proves it found generally superior in appearance, workmanwith this "Vertical Impact"test. ship, strength and durability—and is certified by

Samsonite's #2600 AllSteel FoldNationwide as a quality product."What does this

ing Chair was totally intact after mean for you? It means simply this: Samsonite's

more than 30,000 impacts with a construction is unmatched; and combined with the

50 lb. bag at the rate of 20 blows best price and delivery terms available, it means that

per minute. Samsonite was the only Samsonite gives you the most value in group seating.

one of the 6 major brands tested that took this kind of severe punishment. Two of

the brands'metal was visible through the feet, two failed, brands'cross braces CHAIRS FOLDING and another's top brace SamsoniteALLSTEEL split after impacts. caps only 9,000 Yellow Pages For price and delivery information, see your

to Bros., under or write—Folding,""Chairs Shwayder testing, Through repeated one result was clear.

Institutional Colo. Div., Dept. Seating Denver 17, IE55, is Testing, to Nationwide According "Samsonite

MAY 1965 377.

THIS VALUABLE

OPPORTUNITIES IN BOOKLET GIVEN

ACCOUNTING

TO PEOPLE WHO

** WANT TO EARN MONEY IN AN Accounting Career

La Saile wilt train you in your spare time

The demand for trained Accountants far exceeds the supply. Salaries are at an alltime

high. Accountingtrained men move up to

distinbusiness. LaSalle's in positions big

faculty prepares guished you in your spare rt ofLiving actual Accounttime at home. work with You

ing problems, acquire real experience.

Thorough, practical, enjoyable—and quick in

results. Many students report up to 56% pay

increases even before completing training.

Mail coupon for free booklet and sample lesson.

Ever since the early Latterday in Denver, Colorado. This series

La Salle Extension University Saints sought to create a great art will cover also Arizona, Southwest,

Institution A Correspondence Chicago 5, III. museum in Nauvoo, danced around Southern Nevada, the Pacific NorthSt., Dept. 41075,417 S. Dearborn

Please send free booklet "Opportunities in their campfires during their arduwest, the Canadian Northwest,

Accounting"and interesting sample lesson. ous journey across the plains, and Idaho, Northern and Southern CaliName Age produced outstanding drama in the fornia.

Salt Lake Theatre, the LDS people The program involves a hundred

Address

Zone City&.... havebeautybeenand knownthe fineforarts.their love of regularlocal facultyBYU infacultyprogramsmembersdesignedplus

g County State. Even back in 1844 Joseph Smith to give valuable instruction in

wrote in his journal of a painting, numerous fields of study. The staff

"Death on the Pale Horse"by Bentravels in ten circuits, from city to jamin West, "which has been excity, lecturing on various educaMUSIC FOR WARD hibiting in my reading room for the tional subjects. The events are genAND STAKE CHOIRS lasta movementthree days."to promoteThis wasthepartarts.of fiftyminuteerally three classesdays inthroughoutlength withthe

The Times and Seasons of May 15, day and into the evening.

Abide With Me—Gates.25 1843, states: "We expect that ere Instruction is given in science,

All in the April Evening.20 long Nauvoo will be the great religion, social sciences, the arts,

Awake Arise.25 emporium of the west and take the and many tips and helps are proarts, for service lead in sciences the to the improved and literavided Bless Ye the Lord.20

ture, religion."as as individual well Church, life, and home

Brother James Air.35 Now, in 1965, as the Church is development. And there are exCome Ye Blessed—Scott.25 emphasizing the dynamic power of hibits, demonstrations, motion pic-

1 May Never Pass This Way wholesome home life, the fine arts tures, assemblies, and entertainment.

Again—Ringwald.25 can serve as tools to bring beauty, BYU takes an Education Week to

Joseph Smith's First harmony, understanding, and in- a stake of the Church upon the

Prayer—Cornwall.25 terest into the Latterday Saint stake's request, and the local groups

Lord, Teach Me How to Pray.20 homes.In this spirit this issue of The physicalare responsiblefacilitiesforforarrangingthe particithe

Lo What a Precious Rose.25 Improvement Era features "The pants in that area. Entire families

Now Thank We All Our God.25 Fine Art of Living."This also is the frequently take part of their vaca-

O Loving Savior Slain theme of Education Weeks at tion time and make their stay at for Us.18 Brigham Young University, which an Education Week a time of

A Prophet Stood—Wilkinson.30 will be held this summer in 44 family iun as well as education and

We Are Watchmen.30 locationsUnited Statesin tenandof Canada.the westernThis improvement.of the events isOnethat ofheldtheonlargesthome

Music Sent on Approval issue, then, can serve as a text in base, the BYU campus. Many

Write for Our Choral Catalogs preparation for those Education patrons travel from distant states

For All Your Musical Needs Write Week events. for a pleasant week of study where

Some 50,000 church members they can live in the university resiand visitors are expected to attend dence halls, eat in regular cafethe Education Weeks which begin terias, and enjoy the airconditioned QesA+o May 31 in Utah and end August 28 classrooms. Music Co

Box 2009 IDAHO FALLS, IDAHO

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FIRSTCLASS GASOLINES!

Phillips 66 gasolines have power to spare I

The extra power in Phillips 66 gasolines others, like a free vacuum cleaning—

brings out every bit of the performance seats, carpets, even the ash trays.

built into your car. What's more, it proStop in at your Phillips 66 station totectsyour engine against damaging strain day. Get the first-c/ass service and first-

—even under maximum load class products that have made Phillips

This isJust one of the extrasyou'II find 66 famous in 47 states.

at Phi/lips 66 stations. There are many Go firstclass... go Phi/Zips 66! (it costs no more)

MAY 1965 379 "How can we know the way?"asked Thomas as

he sat with his fellow Apostles and their Lord at the table after the supper on the memorable night of the betrayal, and Christ's divine answer was, "I am the way, the truth, and the life."(John 14:6.) And so he

is. He is the source of our comfort, the inspiration of

our life, the author of our salvation.

If we want to know our relationship to God, we go to Jesus Christ. If we would know of the truth of the

immortality of the soul, we have it exemplified in the

Savior's resurrection. If we desire to learn the ideal

life to lead among our fellow men, we can find a perfect example in the life of Jesus. Whatsoever our noble THE EDITOR'S PAGE

desires, our lofty aspirations, our ideals in any phase BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

of life, we can look to Christ and find perfection. So,

in seeking a standard for moral manhood, we need only to go to the Man of Nazareth and in him find embodied all virtues that go to make the perfect man.

The virtues that combined to make this perfect character are truth, justice, wisdom, benevolence, and selfcontrol. His every thought, word, and deed was "...tWWtin harmony with divine law and therefore true. The

channel of communication between him and the

Father was constantly open so that truth which "rests upon revelation"was always known to him. His ideal

of justice is summed up in the admonition, "Do unto others as you would have others do unto you."His

wisdom was so broad and deep that it comprehended the ways of men and the purposes of God. The

Apostles could not always comprehend the significance and depth of some of his simplest sayings; the lawyers

could not entrap him or get the better of him in a discussion or argument; the greatest teachers were but

pupils in his presence. Every act that is recorded of

his short though eventful life was one of benevolence which comprehends charity and love. His selfcontrol,

whether exemplified in his power over his appetites and passions or his dignity and poise when before his beginning.

persecutors, was perfect—was divine. "The Spirit of truth is of God "(D&C 93:2426.)

Now what are the teachings of the Church regardHe further says that no man receiveth a fulness of ing these virtues and all they comprehend? If the truth unless he "keepeth his commandments."Here,

Church fails to make men, fails to foster moral manthen, in just these few words, we have given not only hood, then there is no reason for its existence, and its the definition of truth, but also the way to obtain it.

pretension to be Christ's Church is a farce. No man can be a true Latterday Saint and not

"... truth,"says the Prophet Joseph through inspiralove truth. Being true is a fundamental doctrine of the

tion, "is knowledge of things as they are, and as they Church. When we stop to consider what this means,

were, and as they are to come; we begin to realize what an important element in

"And whatsoever is more or less than this is the character building truth is. A man who is true is upspirit of that wicked one who was a liar from the right, is conscientious, is honorable in all his dealings,

is faithful in fulfilling his obligations, is trustworthy, prehends judgment, discrimination, prudence, disis diligent in the performance of duty; he is true to cretion, study.

himself, and therefore to his fellow men and to Benevolence in its fullest sense is the sum of moral his God. excellence and comprehends every other virtue. It is

Justice is "rendering to every one his due, right, or the motive which prompts us to do good to others—

desert."To be just, then, one must of necessity be which leads us to live our life for Christ's sake.

honest, fair, and impartial; he will be respectful and All acts of kindness, of selfdenial, of devotion, of

reverential. It is impossible for a man to be just and forgiveness, of charity, of love spring from this

at the same time be disrespectful or irreverent, for divine attribute.

when disrespectful or irreverent, he is unjust in not A benevolent man is kind and true to his family, giving respect and reverence where they are merited. is active for good in his state, and is a faithful worker

All the teachings of the Church cry out against in the Church.

injustice, and her condemnation is most severe upon Great as are the virtues of truth, justice, wisdom, and him who oppresses his brother. Members are adbenevolence, they do not seem so practical and applicmonished to use their authority justly, for "... the able to daily life as the virtue of selfcontrol. Indeed,

powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled if these elements of true manhood are not attained by, only upon the principles of righteousness."(Ibid., they are at least manifested through, selfcontrol. It

121:36.) is as impossible to think of moral manhood apart from

"Let thy bowels also be full of charity towards all selfcontrol as to separate sunlight from the day.

men, and to the household of faith, and let virtue Selfcontrol means the government and regulation garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall thy of all our natural appetites, desires, passions, and afconfidence wax strong in the presence of God; and fections; and there is nothing which gives a man such

the doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon thy strength of character as the sense of selfconquest—

soul as the dews from heaven."(Ibid., 121:45.) the realization that he can make his appetites and

Honesty, as included in justice, is the first virtue passions serve him and that he is not a servant to them.

mentioned in the thirteenth article of faith. It is The comprehensiveness of this virtue may be best

"founded on the first principles of human society,"understood by naming others included by it. Some of

and is the foundation principle of moral manhood. It these are: temperance, bravery, cheerfulness, sobriety,

is impossible to associate manhood with dishonesty. independence, patience, continence, abstemiousness,

"To be just with one's self and to others, one must be fortitude, hopefulness, chastity, tolerance, submission, honest with himself and with others."This means and purity.

honesty in speech as well as in actions. It means to But in our efforts to develop true manhood, we must

avoid telling halftruths as well as untruths. It means accept Christ as the way, the truth, and the life. He

that we are honest in our dealings—our buying as not only possessed truth, justice, wisdom, benevolence,

well as our selling. It means that an honest debt can and selfcontrol and taught them, but he also pracnever be outlawed and that a man's word is better than tised them. And herein is the secret of manly strength:

his bond. It means that we will be honest in our dealthe doing of that which one knows to be right. A man

ings with the Lord. cannot truly believe in God and Jesus Christ, in their

"... seek ye diligently and teach one another words divinity, omnipotence, and power, who daily violates

of wisdom; yea, seek ye out of the best books words their teachings and commandments.

of wisdom, seek learning even by study and also by What we need today is the gospel of application—

faith...."(Ibid., 109:7.) Such is the commandment the gospel that is preached by noble acts, that comgiven to this generation through the Prophet Joseph mands the attention and respect even of enemies. The

Smith. The full significance of it may be more fully life of Christ was the life of true manhood. The gospel

realized when we know that man's eternal salvation, of Christ points to the attainment of it; the Church

God's greatest gift to man, is dependent upon his is an ideal means of developing it; but true moral

knowledge; for "it is impossible for a man to be saved character is attained only by each individual's practisin ignorance."(Ibid., 131:6.) ing daily the virtues that give not only character but

Wisdom is the right use of knowledge and comalso happiness and eternal life.

MAY 1965 381 WHY DID OUR answer: One who maintains such a thought is withETERNAL FATHER CREATE out understanding in relation to the purpose of

A WHERE SUFFERING AND WORLD mortal life. We were not sent here to have a life merely EXIST?SORROW

of pleasure, free from trials, sickness and some physical pain, and disappointments. The real purpose of

mortality is twofold: first, to obtain tabernacles of

flesh and bones; second, to obtain experiences which

could only be had in mortality.

The simple fact is that we came here to partake of the bitter as well as the sweet, to gain knowledge and wisdom through the experiences which mortality affords that would prepare us to go back and advance to eternal perfection. In mortal life

question: "If God is allpower- we are in school where we are beful he could have created a world ing trained in all the necessary exwhere no sorrow and suffering periences that will prepare us for

would exist. Since in this ivorld eternal life. Therefore some pain,

there is sorrow and suffering, either some sorrow, perhaps disappointrOUR ments are essential in preparing usGod is not allpowerful or else he is cruel to his children to make to go back as sons and daughters of our Eternal Father, as well asthem suffer as many of them do. QUES

I cannot ivorship a God nor formuthe pleasant things in life in our late a conception which justifies preparation for the blessings ofhuman suffering. Prayer to such a TION eternal life. Thus we prepare ourGod seems to be mockery."selves for the life to come. Here

we are in school being trained in all the necessary preparation for the future existence. Therefore, it

is essential that we come in contact with some things that are bitter that we may appreciate the sweet and FIELDINGour earthly education may be complete. If we did not have access to

these conditions, our mortal training would be defective and lacking in many features which are essential to the exaltation which awaits us if we are faithful and true.

If we had been born into this life merely for the purpose of obtaining pleasure, the whole purpose of life would fail.

Mortality is in all respects a necessary school—a school

where we are trained and receive knowledge and experience that could not come to us in any other way.

An ancient prophet on the American Hemisphere gave us some wonderful counsel in teaching his son on the purpose of this mortal life:

"For it must need be, that there is an opposition in all things. If not so, my firstborn in the wilderness,

righteousness could not be brought to pass, neither wickedness, neither holiness nor misery, neither good

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nor bad. Wherefore, all things must needs be a comlife in this world. How grateful we should be for

pound in one; wherefore, if it should be one body it this manifestation of his great love for us. For by this

must needs remain as dead, having no life neither means we are able to obtain the resurrection from death, nor corruption nor incorruption, happiness death and if faithful to his commandments the exaltanor misery, neither sense nor insensibility. tion in the Father's kingdom.

"Wherefore, it must needs have been created for a It is a mistaken and foolish notion to think that thing of naught; wherefore there would have been no mortality should be a place for the children of our

purpose in the end of its creation. Wherefore, this Eternal Father that should be free from any pain,

thing must needs destroy the wisdom of God and sickness, or trial of our faith, and eventually mortal his eternal purposes, and also the power, and the death. To come face to face with pain as well as

mercy, and the justice of God."(2 Nephi 2:1112.) pleasure, sickness as well as happiness and health,

Let us never forget that no mortal person ever and eventually death—we came here definitely to

suffered as intensely as our divine Savior Jesus Christ. obtain these experiences. They will be essential to

His entire life in mortality was filled with sorrow as our progress in the world to come, which progress well as the joy which life affords. His description of would have been retarded if we had been freed from

his suffering is recorded in the Doctrine and Coveall these things. It is absolutely essential that every

nants in the following words: soul should partake of these experiences. They help

"For behold, I, God, have suffered these things for to make us strong.

all, that they might not suffer if they would repent; Let us consider a comparison. Here are two men,

"But if they would not repent they must suffer even each the same height and weight. One of them exas I; ercises his muscles by daily toil and exercise; the other

"Which suffering caused myself, even God, the does nothing but sit or lie around. One informs his

greatest of all, to tremble because of pain, and to bleed mind by study; the other cannot take time to put forth

at every pore, and to suffer both body and spirit—an effort to learn. Which do you wish to be, the man

and would that I might not drink the bitter cup, who is busy and studious or the man who is slothful and shrink—and at ease? In the one case the man is active, vigor-

"Nevertheless, glory be to the Father, and I partook ous, and strong. The other becomes weak, sickly, and

and finished my preparations unto the children of a burden to himself as well as to others.

men."(D&C 19:1619.) Here are two other men. One is studious, humble,

Here, my young brother, we have an expression and prayerful. He has the guidance of the Spirit of the

from the Son of God of how he took upon himself sufLord because he is willing to keep God's commandfering, and for whom? For you and for me, for every ments. He has received the knowledge through his

other soul that will repent and receive his gospel. humility and faith that God his Eternal Father lives

And why this great suffering? That we, the children and that his Son Jesus Christ is the Redeemer of the

of God, might obtain the resurrection and, if faithful to world. He is happy and loves his fellow men.

the Father's commandments, a place of salvation and The other is without hope. He has no assurance of

exaltation in our Father's kingdom. salvation in the kingdom that will come. The future is

What right have we who are so greatly blessed to to him an abyss, a place of perpetual darkness. He is

complain because the world in which we live is subwithout hope or assurance of a perpetual life that ject to pain, sickness, and sorrow when we commit will eventually come. Death of the mortal body is

sin? Has our Eternal Father required more from us not the end!

than he at one time suffered? Have you ever thought Yes, our Lord and Redeemer came here and suffered

of the suffering of his Beloved Son which, we are as no other human being was ever called on to suffer, informed, was so great that his body shook with pain and he went through this awful ordeal for you and and blood burst forth from every pore of his body? for me and for every living creature on the face of

And for whom did he suffer? Not for himself, but for this earth and for the earth itself, that all may obtain

every living soul who will repent and accept his gospel. the resurrection and live again where there is no death.

That was a manifestation of his great love for all of This being true, should not we mortals upon the us mortal beings! earth love him and learn to keep his commandments

Yes, our Redeemer did all of this for you and for and prove our gratitude and love for all that he did me and for every other creature who receives mortal for us?

MAY I96S 383 company officials, and late that night in his hotel room he put down in a letter to Jim his impressions and reactions to Jim's thoughtprovoking remarks.

"I don't have a life free from problems,"he wrote.

"As a matter of fact, I have as many as anyone, but I have the confidence and the ability to face them squarely and to solve them. Life takes on an altogether

The FiiwAft of The Fine Living Art of

The sleek transcontinental jet airliner taxied to a stop. Jim hadn't seen a former missionary companion Living andin thirteen years, and now Elder Davis, on his way

through to theEast on a business trip, was to arrive for a short visit. Two hours was, in fact, all the time

available—maybe time for lunch and a chance to talk Learning

about missionary experiences.

He couldn't mistake Ted. He had streaks of gray R. WAYNE SHUTE

along the sides of his head, but there was no misASSISTANT PROFESSOR OF EDUCATION, BYU taking those sparkling eyes and radiant smile. "There's Jon Anderson, Logan 19th Ward, East

something different, though,"Jim thought. "He seems Cache Stake; Rolfe Kerr, Logan 20th

taller, and straighter, somehow."Ward, East Cache Stake.

Time quickly passed. They had some good laughs

and spent some quiet moments in soulful reminiscing.

Jim had watched Elder Davis carefully throughout the short visit. He was trying intently to put his finger

on the difference he sensed in his former companion.

He radiated a calm optimism and enthusiasm for life which Jim himself did not feel and which he did not remember from the Elder Davis of thirteen years ago.

They left the airport dining room and walked across the lobby as the loudspeaker announced Flight 71 loading at Gate 3. "You've changed, Elder,"Jim said

as they reached the gate. "You're so optimistic. Don't

you have any problems?"he asked half jokingly. Ted

laughed as he started through the gate and onto the passenger loading area. Jim called after him, "When

you write next time, tell me your secret of success."

Ted was still chuckling as he fastened his seat belt and settled back for the flight. But as he watched the

land rush by and felt the plane rise into the sky above the mountains, he began to think of Jim's question and to wonder himself just why he felt so optimistic and so confident. His mind was absorbed in analysis

of his question for the rest of the flight. That evening

he forced himself to be attentive in his meetings with

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA different look when you see it through eyes of optiingly or unknowingly, learned the mism and confidence."skill necessary to solve their probThe Ted Davises, and, in fact, all people who are lems. Some absorbed knowledge

making progress in life, are doing so because of their of this skill in their earliest years;

ability to solve problems; for what is progress if it is others, through mature effort, innot growth through problem solving? These people corporate it into their lives. But

are solving problems because they have, either knowbefore one learns this skill, he must Heto putwas tryinghis fingerintentlyon believe that it is possible to overthe difference he sensed come problems and that, although in his former companion.

he must make the effort to learn how, he does have the ability. All

people have problems; not all have

learned to overcome them. One

learns to live life fully by overcoming problems, progressing to the goal of eternal life. The fine

art of living may even be called the fine art of learning. Stated another way, one must come to learn

to live.

Problems are solved by a threefold method: by systematic study,

by reason, and by revelation. These

I have called the adult three R's:

research, reason, and revelation.

The first way to learn is perhaps the one most totally relied upon by the world at large. From the time

a child is four or five when he attends nursery school or kindergarten on to high school and college graduation, he studies in a formal and systematic way, investigating one body of knowledge after another. At the completion of the

formal schooling, however, most people stop systematic study rather abruptly, almost as if what was learned up to the last, day in high school or college was enough to immunize them from ignorance for the rest of life.

But a person must continue to study throughout life, systematically and regularly, perhaps in a neighboring high school or college, not only to brush up on what was learned in youth, but also to discover whole new worlds of ideas made available by the knowledge explosion which began two decades ago. This part of the method of

(Continued on page 416) J. L. Jaussi, seminary teacher at

Logan High School, Smithfield 4th

Ward, Smithfield Stake.

The Bible as

Our reverence for the Old and New Testaments as scripture makes many of us wary when we are asked to consider them as literature. Too often, those who

emphasize a literary approach to the Bible do so at the expense of its sacred nature. It doesn't really help

to have critics describe the King James version as the "noblest monument of English prose"if in so doing they totally secularize it. The Bible is not just another

book. The real problem is that literary appreciation

can become a substitute for spiritual sensitivity when it should be a supplement.

The fact that it is possible to consider the literary qualities of the Bible apart from their religious setting is testament to the tremendous vitality of this work.

But when literary analysis is brought to the support of religious understanding, we can gain an excitingly fresh insight into biblical truths.

For instance, we can avoid many needless arguments if we recognize that the Hebraic view of history deliberately excludes many topics which we might expect to be considered. To ancient Israel, history was

God's dealings with his chosen people—no more, no

less. This is why we have such difficulty in reconstructing biblical culture. The Old Testament makes

no attempt to satisfy our curiosity concerning many facets of Hebraic life. Those who wish to argue concerning the biblical account of the creation of the

world, for example, surely cannot have read Genesis 1 recently. We are simply not given the type of material that can be argued meaningfully. This is no

oversight. We are given an opportunity to become

identified with the majesty and power of God and to see ourselves in relation to his creative force. It

should dawn on us in reading these sonorous lines that the real focus here is not on information so much as on identification. Even such a device as describing insects

as creeping things"is used to get us to participate. If you don't think this works, try not to see something when you read "creeping things."You can't

help but see something, and in so doing you identify with the record.

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BY ROBERT K. THOMAS, assistant professor of English, byuLiterature

This last point should aid us in realizing that the And as the showers upon the grass."

ancient Israelites cannot be dismissed as people lackOrdinarily, as every teacher knows, there is a noticeing the sensitivity and discrimination of modern man. able loss of attention when the same idea is repeated

The skill with which they use literary devices to acseveral times, even when students need to hear it that complish their clearly seen objectives makes most of often. Note that the main idea in the lines above—the

our modern efforts seem bumbling—and the remarkpervasive nature of the Lord's commandments to us—

able thing is that almost all of their literary skill suris reinforced by being said no less than four times in vives translation. four lines, yet our attention is kept while the idea is

To recognize that adjectives not made from verbs being hammered home by slight additions and shifts are really rather ineffective in description is a conin focus which give the idea texture and wholeness.

cept so sophisticated that many modern English teachSince the records of ancient Israel were written to ers have yet to arrive at it. The writers of ancient change lives, we are rarely subjected to abstract docIsrael, however, knew that verbs and verb forms are trine in them. How clearly the Hebrews understood

the backbone of any description. Note that in the that theology must be translated into religion if it is

phrase "creeping things"the adjective retains all of its going to affect conduct. We are not simply told about

active, verbal force. love and loyalty, which we might easily forget, but we

By far the most impressive of Hebraic literary deare given the book of Ruth, in which demonstrated vices is the use of repetition. The techniques of modern love and loyalty become unforgettable. Good men are

advertising—especially the skilful reiteration heard in shown becoming better (note the growth of Jacob,

modern radio and TV commercials—were used thoufor instance), and potentially good men are shown

sands of years ago in Israel. Consider once more the degenerating—as in the tragedies of Saul and David.

opening lines in Genesis 1. Twentyone out of thirtyThe story of David, especially, may be one of the

one verses begin with the same phrase, "And God."great tragedies of all time. How fairly we are shown

Yet note that just as our attention begins to wander in both strengths and weaknesses; how dramatically we

the midst of this exact repetition, there is a break. After see him begin to compromise under the influence of

a few verses we begin to pick up a little refrain at the Joab. David's "fall"is not simply his infatuation with

end, "And God saw that it was good."At the conBathsheba. His actions here seem to follow in the

clusion of this chapter, whatever else we remember, light of the indulgent choices he has already made.

we have stamped in our consciousness: "And God... If we remember Nathan's curse, "the sword shall never

saw that it was good.""And God... good.""God... depart from thine house,"how pitifully appropriate it

good."becomes that David's last recorded word is "blood"!

The imaginative ways in which repetitive parallel The socalled wisdom literature of the Bible is best structure is used in the Bible are much too numerous typified by the Proverbs, an ancient edition of How to consider in detail here. Suffice it to say that the to Win Friends and Influence People. Focused in

most prevalent form, synonomous parallelism—in which actuality, these sayings epitomize the experience of a

the second line or halfline echoes and reiterates the race. They are cleareyed, unromantic assessments of

first—is especially noteworthy. Consider the following man's strength and weakness. Boldly they crash

example from Deuteronomy 32:"2: through all explanations and justifications of drunken-

"My doctrine shall drop as the rain, ness by pointing out that no one ever became a drunkMy speech shall distil as the dew, ard through one slip. A drunkard is the selfdeluded

As the small rain upon the tender herb, victim of a thousand wrong ( Continued on page 430

MAY 1965 387 that the children expected to be waited on and resented being asked to do anything; they had little

respect for their elders and had to be reminded constantly to show respect for each other's rights and property. It suddenly dawned on them that in the

rush and hurry of their busy world, their children were rapidly growing up almost illiterate in the social amenities characteristic of cultured, thoughtful, wellbred people. They couldn't leave these important les-

"Manners must adorn knowledge, and smooth its sons to the school. The salt episode shocked them into

the realization that some refining influences must bediamond, rough a great Like world. the throughway

curiosity, come a part of each day if their children were not to of closet in a well by way do veryit may and also for its intrinsic value; but it will never be be handicapped by social ignorance when becoming

worn, nor shine, if it is not polished."adults. They felt, too, that the enhancement of their

—Lord Chesterfield

"Pass the salt,"said fifteenyear-old John to his younger brother.

No response.

"Clean out your ears, Bud; I said, 'pass the salt.'

Still no response.

"For the third time, 'please pass the salt.'

"I was just waiting to see if you would say 'please,'said Bud. "We had a lesson in school today about

manners, and I decided to call you on this at dinner, for you are always ordering me around and sounding off about what I do and don't do, and I decided you don't have any manners at all."

Quick to sense the opportunity for a family discussion about common courtesy, the boys'mother hastened to say, "Bud is right—not only John but all of

us are sometimes guilty of thoughtless behavior to each other, and there is no better time than right now to do something about it. Tell us more about your

lesson, Bud."

And then followed a lively discussion with Bud, his brothers and sisters, and the parents all giving their ideas about the meaning of manners and courtesy and etiquette. They agreed that they had a kinder

feeling toward each other when they remembered to say "please"and "thank you"and decided to have a family project for the next few months to find out more about manners and to try out the ideas in their own home circle.

The parents, when alone, did some evaluating about the way of life they were teaching their children.

There were probably too many picnictype meals eaten off the counter and on the run; Sunday dinners were

often eaten at the nearby cafeteria; it had been a long

time since they had used their best linen, dishes, and silverware to have a special meal at home. They had

guests in occasionally, but at these times the children were sent to bed or to the movies. They recalled, too,

(I to r) Kent Hansen, Mrs. Shirley Hansen, Cindy

Hansen, and Rozanne Hansen, Logan 19 th Ward, 3 88 East Cache Stake. J

family living would be a rich dividend if their children done at noon periods at school so as not to monopolize gained some insights and developed skills in meeting the telephone.

everyday social situations at home. 3. Bud, 11, offered to make the sack lunches to

The concept they decided to start teaching and give his mother more time to prepare breakfast.

putting into practice immediately was the second com- 4. Dick, 7, asked if he could be in charge of setting

mandment: "Love thy neighbour as thyself"(see Matt. the table to help his mother.

22:39) or, in terminology of Bud's lesson on manners, 5. Julie, 5, wanted to bring the paper to her daddy

courtesy begins by caring for others. when he came home and surprise him by having her

After discussing this with the children, here are toys picked up.

the changes in behavior that resulted the first week: The tone of the home became warmer when the

1. John, 15, volunteered to take his bath at night to idea started sinking in that a good family member

relieve the congested bathroom situation in the thinks of others first before thinking of himself. Table

morning. talk reached new heights. "Going on six"was the

2. Nancy, 13, said she would try to get her visiting theme for the surprise birthday dinner for Julie which

was planned and prepared by Nancy. The parents

made the evening sparkle with accounts about "when we were very young."A Saturday evening supper,

VIRGINIA CUTLER, dean of college planned and prepared by the boys, concentrated on

BYU; OF FAMILY LIVING, AND

textiles what might be done for the neighbor with a broken clothing LIND, CHARLENE

DEPARTMENT, BYU leg. Before the evening was ( Continued on page 420

Courtesy in the Family ating"is not exhausted in the arts. On the contrary, in

my opinion, one of the prime purposes of this life is for all of us to awaken and fully develop our Godlike creative potential.

We learn from the writings of the Prophet Joseph

Smith that the word "create"evolves from the Hebrew word "baurau,"which does not mean to create out of nothing. It means to organize in much the same

way as a man would bring together materials and build a house. Man should be actively involved in the

process of creativity.

A workable definition of creativity is an effort to solve a problem in a new and better way, without having been shown how to do so. To demonstrate

The creativity, your solution must be new to you, not

FineAif necessarily to someone else. Obviously, in this sense

everyone can be creative.

A "problem"as defined here is used in a broad

Living sense to include a spectrum such as found in the following examples:

We tend to think of creativity as relating primarily to the fine arts. Hence, the creative person is one ca- 1. How can I clean my house more quickly with

pable of producing a magnificent painting or of comless effort?

posing a lasting symphony. Although creativity is 2. How can I spend less money in my business, thus

essential to the artist, certainly the concept of "creshowing a greater profit?

Developing

m Mm 3. Can I do anything in the fine arts to any degree of periences. Following are some of the factors which

excellence? If so, what can I do to develop myself tend to block creative thinking and action.

as a painter, a musician, a poet, etc.?

4. How can I teach the gospel (as it says in D&C Lack of Knowledge

38:41) to my neighbor in mildness and in meekness? One of the main reasons you may not tend to be

5. How can I successfully raise funds for the Church more creative is simply lack of information about the

and have all the members feel good about it? factors involved in a given problem. However simple

6. How can I get my whole family to participate a problem, certain basic information is requisite for its

regularly in Family Home Evenings? solution. The extension of this notion, of course, is

7. What can I do differently to be a better cook, seamthat complex problems require a greater depth of

stress, mechanic, engineer, father, mother, daughknowledge for solution. A case in point is the highly

ter, baby sitter, employee, boss, soldier, home technical information necessary for an engineer to teacher, athlete, wife, Girl Scout, farmer, writer, troubleshoot a failure in a hydroelectric plant.

laborer, button pusher, astronaut, politician, InWe are told of the value of knowledge and how it dian chief, chief cook, bottle washer? In short, might be obtained in the Doctrine and Covenants

how can I be more creative? 88:118:

"And as all have not faith, seek ye diligently and

Some Blocks to Creativity teach one another words of wisdom; yea, seek ye out

of the best books words of wisdom; seek learning, even

Have you ever said of certain of your friends, by study and also by faith."

"Where does he get all those good ideas? Why didn't Certainly, if one day we are to be creators of worlds,

I think of that?"If so, there are some pretty good we will need to know about multiple and complex

reasons why you may feel that there is a dearth of processes as well as facts and information.

creative thinking in your repertoire of daily ex- (Continued on page 410)

(I to r) Ken Rich, USU 2nd Ward, University Stake;

Pamela Harwood, Logan 22nd Ward, East Cache Stake;Creativity Lee Burke, Logan 21st Ward, Cache Stake; Lear Thorpe, Logan 6th Ward, Logan Stake;

and Adele Ward, Tremonton 3rd Ward,

BY D. CHRIS POULOS South Bear River Stake.

EDUCATION WEEK PROGRAM DIRECTOR, BYU

v TV and the Prophet Joseph Smith BY KEITH M. ENGAR

DIRECTOR, RADIOTELEVISION SERVICES, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA (I to r) Doran Sampson, Trudy Clark, are the best antidotes to that sort of irresponsibility.

Paul Clark, Carrie Clark, Danny Are there any guidelines which can be followed to

Littledike, and Lisa Sampson, Smithfield 4-th Ward, Smithfield Stake. help us take advantage of the many excellent television

programs while avoiding the trash?

Perhaps the following quiz will suggest an R. Q.

(Responsibility Quotient) for teaching correct principles for TV viewing:

Millions of words have been written to advise parents Yes No how to supervise TV viewing, but none are more apt 1. TV is great to entertain my children

than Joseph Smith's reply to a question inquiring how at any time of day while I do what I he presided so effectively over the Saints in Nauvoo. want to do.

"I teach them correct principles and they govern themselves."(Recalled by President John Taylor, see 2. I watch my favorite program even

though the best children's program

Journal of Discourses, 10:5758.)

Best teaching is done by example, and home TV is on another channel at the same hour.

viewing habits frequently stem from parents'behavior. 3. My youngsters should watch only those

One of the great attributes of TV is that it provides programs which appeal to me.

a common, occasionally even an uncommon, experience for the family to share. If the parents have stan- 4. Since cartoons are so full of fantasy, it

dards of taste which lead them to superior programs is perfectly all right for my child to children learn. watch any of them no matter how much

If parents editorialize when a flagrant breach of sadistic violence is portrayed.

moral principle is shown, children are likely to develop 5. I should enter into an agreement with

parents'attitudes. If a parent ridicules a tasteless commy children that as long as they do their mercial such as one which shows a woman getting

ready to smoke a cigar—and there is a notso-subtle lessons and fulfil their home responsibilities, they can watch a reasonable campaign underway in the US to entice women to number of TV programs providing that smoke cigars: "Shouldn't a lady, etc."—children will

I approve of the programs.

adopt the parents'attitude toward such commercials.

Good advertisements deserve parents'approval. In- 6. The older the child, the more I am

deed, if parents emphasize the positive qualities of obliged to concede him greater choice

TV, children learn greater appreciation. in the programs he watches while not

Teaching correct principles is not easy, but it is completely abdicating my parental duty.

essential if selfdiscipline is to develop in a child. A 7. I take special pleasure in participating

parent who arbitrarily dictates his child's TV viewing in the educational television channel in risks rebellion and certainly isn't teaching a child to my community and taking the time to govern his own viewing. A child has too many TV watch with my children. sets to watch in neighbors'homes, and youngsters can

usually find a way to watch the forbidden fare which 8. I intuitively reject violence on TV and

will have earned an undeserved attractiveness from avoid programs which depend upon a parent's harshness. violence for solutions to problems, for

Not that parents should be indifferent to what their even though some psychologists smugly youngsters watch. We can't afford to be completely maintain that the normal child is unpermissive. But if we are to teach youngsters to govern affected by violence on TV, recent exthemselves, a degree of choice must be given. periments indicate the possibility of a

The younger the child, the more guidance he needs. profound effect.

A parent who uses TV as an electronic baby sitter no matter what kind of program is on is teaching a kind Unfortunately, I've misplaced the answers to the of irresponsibility which is worse than the deleterious above quiz, so you'll have to develop your own, but if effects of television's worst moments. Common sense I have taught correct principles, you should have

and uncommon concern for your child's immortal soul learned to come to your own conclusions. This is mine.

MAY I96S 393 Out of cultural arts. The goal has always been to build in the

hearts of Latterday Saints an informed faith, an enlightened testimony. Rather than being afraid of knowlthe Best edge and the arts, the Church has encouraged and

sponsored them. Hence the rich program of cultural

activities emphasizing drama, dance, music, literature, public speaking, etc, in the auxiliary organizations Books:

The Wonderful as well as the vast network of schools, seminaries, [The institutes,Nor are andthesecollegesjust modernprovideddevelopments.by the Church.Any study

of the pioneer days of the Church will reveal that in Fin&Ai\t World of Literature priorityspite of wasthe strugglegiven to forschools,food theaters,and clothingand musicand homes,halls, LivingIvih BY BRUCE B. CLARK along with chapels and temples, for the pioneers unCHAIRMAN, BYU ENGLISH DEPARTMENT derstood that the mind and the spirit need food for

growth just as vitally as the physical body does. Their

Throughout the entire history of our Church there westwardbound wagons were loaded with books and has been an emphasis upon education. From the very musical instruments as well as spinning wheels and

beginning, schools were established at all levels, and blacksmith forges. Many of the pioneers were selfchurch members were encouraged to cultivate not only educated, but most of them were nevertheless edugospel knowledge and the skills of learning but also the cated, even to the point of consciously cultivating skill

394 the Improvement era in elocution, rhetoric, and penmanship. the other General Authorities enrich their talks and

This is our pioneer heritage! No wonder we look writings with passages drawn from the great literature

back with admiration and a glow of pride, not only of the world.

for their great spiritual and physical courage as they Our first responsibility as members of the Church triumphed over human persecution and the hostile, is to study the scriptures and the words of the modern barren desert lands but also for their love of the beauprophets for the fulness of the gospel that they contain.

tiful and the intellectually uplifting. "... seek ye But beyond these we are invited to explore the best

diligently and teach one another words of wisdom; writings of the world for the supplemental knowledge

yea, seek ye out of the best books words of wisdom; and insight that these can give. At their best both

seek learning, even by study and also by faith."( D&C religion and literature are concerned with building

88:118.) Thus the Lord gave counsel through the faith and affirming spiritual values and with opposing

Prophet Joseph Smith as the gospel was being reand exposing evil, worldliness, superficiality, and all stored, and a little later added, "... study and learn, things base and false.

and become acquainted with all good books, and I am impressed that there are five major functions with languages, tongues, and people."(Ibid., 90:15.) making literature of fundamental value in Latterday

As in the. past, so now, those we sustain as our Saint homes.

living prophets encourage us to develop our talents ( 1 ) To enrich the teaching of gospel ideals. Literaand widen our intellectual and cultural horizons, as ture has been used to enrich and make vivid their

evidenced not only by their encouragement to edumessages by most of the great teachers of the world, cation but also by the breadth of their own reading. including the Greatest Teacher of them all, as anyone

All of us know how abundantly President McKay and knows who has read the beautiful parables of the

Savior. In our lesser way all of us who are teachers and

parents can draw upon the abundant world of literaClayton Ravsten and ture to enliven and strengthen our teaching of gosJudy Rash, Smithfield &tk

Ward, Smithfield Stake, pel principles. This is not to say that we should set

aside the scriptures and teach literature. Our first

responsibility, as stated earlier, is to study the scriptures and the words of the living prophets. But beyond these lies all the magic world of literature which

also is concerned at its best with affirming spiritual ideals; for example, if a teacher were exploring the

destructive powers of hate and passion and the saving power of love, he might strengthen his presentation by quoting such a little poem as Robert Frost's "Fire and Ice."And to illus- (Continued on page 424)

MAY J96S 395 TravelingforArt

grate a nation come nowhere into sharper focus than in the early history of The

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints. A pilgrimage to the rallying points

of this history brings one.face to face with

FinAH its scope: the gentle, verdant countryside

of Vermont, where were born two of the of this leaders Joseph movement, Living greatest of a grove Young; Brigham Smith and

trees in Western New York State, still undeniably hallowed ground; the piognant structure in Kirtland, Ohio, built by

the love and sacrifice of a destitute people, but no longer sparkling in the

In man's striving for identity, he has always tried to early sunshine as it did more than a cenleave a bit of himself for posterity. What an inspiration tury ago; Jackson County, Missouri, with

it is to realize one's kinship with all men in the its memories and promises; a swamp

exploration of the great and good heritage that man turned city at Nauvoo, Illinois, where has left us from his experiences down through the triumph became tragedy and heartbreak.

years! To achieve such a project, one must travel; if But America is a baby nation, and her

his motives are right, his travel will be something more cultural patterns are just beginning to than the fool's paradise that Emerson deplored. take shape. If one wishes to experience the

Many years ago it was my privilege to study at greater scope of history as it applies to

Brigham Young University under the influence of our Western civilization, he should visit

Alice Louise Reynolds, a gracious woman whose enthe many shrines of man's struggles that thusiasm for the sights and sounds of our wonderful are his legacy in Europe.

world has never ceased to inspire me. Her admonition Perhaps nowhere else does the sweep

to "see America first—but see it on the way to Europe!"of the past rush in with more force than

implanted an early desire in my heart to learn at first in Westminster Abbey, which has been in hand what man has done with his world and, hopeconstant use as a church for a thousand fully, to gain thereby a nobler estimate of him. years. This is where Elizabeth II was

So we begin our travels and find that the facts of crowned queen of England just a few history take on an interesting perspective through the short years ago, and where Elizabeth I reactions of an elevenyear-old boy. Straying away became ruler in 1558. Many of England's

from his family for a few moments in Lexington, Kenliterary greats, beginning with Geoffrey tucky, he was found hat in hand and eyes full of tears Chaucer, are memorialized in Poets'in front of the tomb of Daniel Boone. And then there Corner. One wonders momentarily why

was his disconsolate wail that "Davy Crockett didn't George Frederick Handel is there until he really mend the crack in the Liberty Bell!"Or there realizes that The Messiah was really writwas the time he stood on the expanse of lawn between ten in English, not in German. Sometimes

Washington's mansion at Mount Vernon and the history is determined by a point of view:

broad Potomac, shook his head slowly, and dropped On a stainedglass window appear the his silver dollar back into his pocket. "He just couldn't names of several of Britain's great, not

have done it,"we heard him mutter. His pride was famous enough to merit actual burial in

evident as he announced to the guide in Statuary the abbey. We were shocked to find in one

Hall in our national capital, pointing toward the corner the name of Benedict Arnold. "To

seated figure of Brigham Young: "That's my greatyou he may have been a traitor, but to

greatstep-grandfather!"us he was a hero,"commented a Briton

The struggles of nineteenthcentury America to intestanding nearby. (Continued on page 428) a m

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Appreciation

(I Dean, to r) Tammy, and Kenna Ramon BY ANDERSON DUANE Smithfield Uth Lonnie, Michelle, Heidi, and

COLLEGE, SAN BERNARDINO, CALIF. VALLEY FACULTY, Stake. Smithfield Ward,

MAY 1965 397 Budgeting

For families to achieve success in budgeting finances for the development of fine art appreciation and talent in the home, we must first feel that it is a worthwhile goal. The real beauty and wonder and inspiration of

life is not outside but is locked inside one's innate power to appreciate and to express oneself through talents. Art is valueless to an individual until the

powers of appreciation and understanding are deIn a music shop our sevenyear-old daughter asked, veloped. As the rosebud contains in embryo the

"Mommy, which one of these statues is Chopin?"magnificent rose, so the undeveloped mind and heart

Previously, she'd been deeply moved listening to a of man is the embryo of a magnificent power to apmissionary play Chopin on the piano. We read her preciate and to create.

an impressive story of Chopin's life and love for The natural and spiritual endowment is God's gift music and country. Together we bought a beautiful to man. Our development and use of this endowment

and moderately priced bust of this famous composer. in the service of his children is our gift to him.

It earned a prominent position on the mantlepiece. Since we are limited by financial means and time,

Her delighted piano teacher taught her simple Chopin we should choose the finest—not necessarily the costlimelodies and told her more about his life. From this est—that is available in music, literature, and art.

small experience she began to enjoy the fine arts. We must know what to budget for and how to budget.

Wendy Dean and Paul Clark, Smithfield 4-th Ward, Smithfield Stake.

PRESIDENT STEPHEN R. AND SANDRA COVEY

OF THE IRISH MISSIONor the Arts

Where do we start? What do we buy? Build a library to meet the needs of the entire

family. Choose books which are lasting and which

A. Literature represent man's best thinking and finest contributions.

Each family member should have his or her own Consider the classics, stimulating biographies, and library card. Regular trips to the library should be basic books on history, music, and art such as Enjoyencouraged among the smaller children. Many mothers ing Modern Art by Newmeyer, What to Listen for in

waste money each week at the grocery or drug store Music by Copland, Aesthetic Development in the buying inexpensive and poorly written children's Creative Arts by {Catherine Landreth, or The History books because they do not feel the importance of good of the Englishspeaking People by Churchill.

literature or do not know how to select it. An encyclopedia set, a large unabridged dictionary,

The Horn Book Magazine, Childhood Education, a basic set of children's literature books, World and Parents Magazine keep you informed on current Classics for Adults, History of the Church by the good literature for children and teenagers and are Prophet Joseph Smith, the Bible, and other standard well worth the subscription price. They are also availworks in large familysize volumes with colored illusable in every library. trations are all excellent expenditures for your family

Church publications such as The Improvement Era, library.

The Children's Friend, The Relief Society Magazine,

The Instructor, etc., can be bound and used constantly B. Music

as basic reference material right in your own library. With small children it is well to have an inexpensive

record player that they are free to use and operate without the help of an adult. The family might have

a nicer instrument of high fidelity or stereophonic sound or a taperecording machine.

Music companies have lists available which guide in choosing a basic music library. Excellent introductory records such as "The Young Person's Guide to

the Orchestra"(Columbia) or "Instruments of the

Orchestra"(Victor) are available on many subjects.

All of the standard works are recorded on records, and this is an excellent way for the busy mother to study the scriptures while she is doing her housework.

When feeding and changing the baby, in a two month period my daughter and I listened to the Book of

Mormon, Pearl of Great Price, and part of the Doctrine and Covenants.

We broaden our children's range of musical experience by giving them opportunities to play instruments, develop their talents in dancing, singing, and art. Instruments can be borrowed, rented, or purchased

secondhand. Casual instruments especially suited for

group fun include: ukulele, guitar, mandolin, banjo,

harmonica, autoharp, and accordion. These are often

easily mastered and are not expensive. Suggestions

from How to Help Your Child with Music by Dr.

Morris E. Wilson give you specific help in choosing

an instrument for your child.

(Continued on page 418)

ing for us that we can do for ourselves because he knows that our individual development and progress depend upon our experiencing and doing things for ourselves.

As earthly parents we, too, are deeply concerned about the immortality and eternal life of our children.

The It is our sacred obligation to set the stage so that tfineArf they may experience and do the things which will

We remember 10% of what we hear; help bring about their eventual exaltation. In conof ducting weekly Family Home Evenings, the moreWe remember 20% of what we see;

We remember 50% of what we read; Living children actually do, the more they will remember

We remember 90% of what we do. and consequently the more they will be able to apply

in their lives. An activity could well be just the

Our Father in heaven has said, "... this is my work "spoonful of sugar"your children need to help the

and my glory—to bring to pass the immortality and medicine go down and stay down!

eternal life of man."(Moses 1:39.) To accomplish This article discusses some Family Home Evening

this great purpose, he has placed us here on earth activities which you may wish to adapt for your to let us work out our own salvation. He will do nothfamily.

- PART 3 A SPOONFUL OF SUGAR FamilyActivities BY DARYL V. HOOLE

Try playing the Pixie Game

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Pixie Game Planning, Preparing, Taking Part

A lesson on thoughtfulness can be effectively taught Family Home Evenings can be doubly effective if by playing the pixie game. This is a delightful game the children take turns planning and conducting them

for children of all ages. The object of the game is to under the direction of the father, who should preside.

do'as many kind deeds as possible for someone Older children, who might be inclined toward borewithout letting him discover who his "pixie"is. Some dom, could have tremendous experiences preparing

families have enjoyed this game so much they have and teaching some of the lessons. Not only does this

made it a tradition to have one pixie week each year. alleviate the boredom, but it really develops these

Let each family member draw a slip of paper congrowing children because the teacher always learns taining another family member's name. He will then the most!

play pixie for the entire week to that person by doing Young children can recite poems, tell stories, and as many kind and fun things as possible. Of course, give short talks along with the regular weekly Family

each pixie tries his best to keep his identity a secret Home Evening lessons. Our young children love to

until the end of the week when it is revealed through present lessons which they have prepared all on their an especially kind deed or small gift. Fun or compliown. We are constantly amazed by their creative

mentary notes and poems can accompany each surabilities as they use visual materials, attention getters, prise, and the best way to keep everyone guessing as and original stories. What these little lessons may lack

to who his pixie may be is to do kind deeds for other in continuity sometimes is well compensated by what family members also. the children gain in real growth and development.

Some suggested activities the pixies can secretly do One lesson given is worth several lessons heard!

for the person they are assigned to are: do his chores, Older children can be assigned book or article

shine his shoes, make his bed, play his favorite record, reviews from church or other worthwhile publicaput a special surprise under his pillow, arrange to have tions; for instance, a teenager could read the current

his favorite menu for dinner, put a special treat in his issue of The Improvement Era and then report on lunch box, let him watch his favorite TV program, the article which impressed him most. Tremendous

never complain or argue with him, and always be growth on the part of children can be realized by alert to anything that will bring him enjoyment. having them regularly give talks as a part of the

Along the line of thoughtfulness is sharing. Instead Family Home Evening. Children may either select

of just telling your children to share, let them do their own subjects or on occasion the parents might some actual sharing! Prepare, with lots of help from assign a subject to which they should speak.

your children, lovely "takeout"dinners to send to a Once in a while it can be challenging and worthhome where there is illness or some other emergency while to call on a child for an impromptu talk. You

or where a new baby has just arrived. An ovenfresh might say, "Steve, will you please stand and talk to us

loaf of bread or other baked goods are a real treat to a for two minutes about the Word of Wisdom?"or "Ann,

family under any circumstances! Arrange to have your would you please take several minutes to tell us what

children do as much of the planning, preparing, and the ideal of temple marriage means to you?"or "Beth,

delivering as possible. A choice family in our city raises would you please give a short talk on the significance

a lovely garden each year mainly so their children of prayer?"Such an activity helps teach children to

can share the flowers and vegetables. think on their feet; it helps parents to know how their

At holiday time, such as Christmas, Valentine's children really feel; and certainly no one is ever bored!

Day, and Easter, sharing projects can help children to think less about "what am I going to get"and a Musical Evenings little more regarding "what can I give."Service projMusical renditions on the part of family members

ects of any kind, from baby sitting to setting out a can be coordinated with regular Family Home Evewidow's garbage cans, can help children cultivate nings to the enjoyment and edification of everyone.

one of life's most important virtues and learn for Singing together as a family is delightful and helps to themselves that it truly is more blessed to give than establish an atmosphere of love and happiness. Our

to receive. twoyear-old daughter likes this time best of all because she "leads"the singing. This is one way even a

Melanie Meyer, Smithfield 4-th Ward, very young child can learn to participate.

Smithfield Stake. (Continued on page 414)

MAY 1965 401 The Hat

BY RENE VALERIEinlier Life Maybe you think she is yours alone—maybe she even thinks she is yours alone. But somewhere along that

rocky passage from bachelor to husband, a man discovers that in every woman's life there is A Hat....

Take this hat for instance. The one on the cover of Mode magazine. A soft pink circle of straw

with loops of narrow ribbon and a pink rosebud nodding cockily over the model's left eyebrow.

Naturally the editors are too wily to mention the price of that handful of fluff on the cover of the magazine.

They let you look at it, your blood pressure soars, you dream a little. In my case, the dream is honey blonde

with big blue eyes—Donna, my wife.

I turn the pages of the magazine to find out where I can buy the hat for Donna, and on page twentysix, or thereabouts, I get the bad news—sixtyfive dollars.

End of dream.

Right now Donna and I are living on the minuscule salary of a junior, junior executive, and our only extra cash is a one hundred dollar reserve fund that I hope will pay for whatever extras come up when our baby is born.

I sigh, push the sixtyfive dollar hat out of my mind, try to forget about babbling brooks and crocuses in bloom, and get back to work. When I reach home that evening, I am thinking only of

the spaghetti sauce I can smell all the way up the apartment stairs.

Donna is in the kitchen concentrating on a salad. I sidle up behind her, kiss her lightly on the cheek.

"Hi,"I say, casual. ( After all, we've been married a year now.

"Mmmm,"Donna purrs.

Dinner is fine. We linger over dessert and hold hands like honeymooners.

I dry the dishes because, with the baby coming any day, Donna is often tired by nightfall.

As Donna moves around the kitchen, I am thinking that there is a new softness around her mouth nowadays when she is thinking about the baby—and the sixtyfive dollar hat is as far from

my world as the moon.

Only in these satellitestudded days, the moon is not very far away—and neither is the

sixtyfive dollar hat.

In fact, the sixtyfive dollar hat is sitting on top of the television in our living room.

"Do you like it?"Donna asks. She puts on the hat and waits, bigeyed, for approval. The floppy

brim throws her eyes into a pool of shadow, the pink rosebud nods over one eyebrow, and she looks exactly like a man wants his wife to look in a lovely hat.

Donna plays it up. "Sir, may I interest you in this lovely new creation?

Dirtcheap at two ninetyeight."

I begin to do a slow burn. But I take it slow. "Did your father give you the hat?"I ask.

"Of course not."Donna stares at me surprised. "Not after all the Tllsupport-myown-wife'

fuss you've made whenever Dad has wanted to help us. Why you even have Daddy so

brainwashed that now he thinks you are right."

So I know that Donna must have charged the hat.

I am disappointed, but then I figure Donna was bound to break out sooner or later.

Living on our budget must be quite a strain for a girl used to being the apple of an indulgent father's eye.

I don't say any more. I count out sixtyfive dollars from the

(Continued on page 448)

teaching CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM

PART FOUR (Conclusion)—THE VALUE

To assess the work of the Prophet Joseph Smith in making a translation of the Bible is not easy. As

with all work of a divine nature, it is at once both simple and complex.

The word of the Lord is unique. All scriptures contain information expressed so simply that an ordinary

mind can, in some degree, grasp it and yet so sublime and so great that when we come to investigate its depth, the implications are so farreaching that it is natural capacity to understand it fully. man's beyondTZgvision of Revision is no exception. The Inspired

The textual changes found in the Inspired Translation are provocative. One is able to note the changes

with only a superficial examination, but increased appreciation comes with an awareness of the farreaching implications that are involved. At first glance

the reader of the text will be enlightened by the initial content of the passages and of the meaning as it

BY ROBERT J. MATTHEWS, editor, lds dept. of education happens to vary from that of other Bible versions.

Second thoughts, however, give rise to impressions concerning the literary style and the form by which these passages are presented.

At least three steps are involved in the study of the text. After one has detected the change itself, he notes

the changed meaning occasioned thereby. Last of all,

and equally important, is an awareness of the significance attached to the manner by which the change was made; for instance, there is a significant difference

in whether a subject is presented in the first, second, or third person. Likewise, it is of importance whether

the literary style of the textual change is consistent with that of the particular book in which the change is found. The principle of consistency may also be applied to the subject matter involved in the changes.

Primary value of the Inspired Revision. "The labor

was its own reward."Since revelation does not come in

a vacuum, but usually is in response to prayer and at a time of need, the Prophet's study and translation of the Bible created situations and stimulation which called forth many important things. This seems to be

the intended meaning of the Lord's instructions to the

Prophet wherein he said:

"And now, behold, I say unto you, it shall not be given unto you to know any further concerning this chapter, until the New Testament be translated, and in it all these things shall be made known;

"Wherefore I give unto you that ye may now translate it, that ye may be prepared for the things to come.

(D&C 45:6061. Italics added.)

OF THE INSPIRED REVISION

As a result of the Prophet's work with the Bible, original. However, the total effect of the Prophet's

we have the book of Moses as published in the Pearl utterances upon the matter imply that from the first of Great Price. Also several sections of the Doctrine the fact of restoration was simply understood and taken

and Covenants were received in consequence of this for granted. That he consistently called it a "translaeffort. (Sections 74, 76, 77, 91, and possibly 86 and tion"and not a "revision"or anything else may suggest

132.) Thus, through the Prophet's study and translasomething of his attitude toward it. The language of

tion of the Bible, many great and important docuthe Doctrine and Covenants, without exception, speaks ments, including portions of two of the standard of the work as a "translation."(See D&C 45:6061;

works of the Church, were revealed to the Church and 93:53.) Whether or not "translation"is the technically

the world. correct term, it is certain that the Prophet's work

Secondary value of the Inspired Revision. In addiwas not to be a mere Bible reading nor an attempt

tion to the training and knowledge given to the to arrange texts to match his preconceived notions

Prophet himself and the subsequent provision of the since it was for the Prophet's benefit, first of all, that documents discussed above, the Inspired Revision the translation was to be made. Revelation, inoffers assistance in other areas. It gives substantial spiration, and restoration are everywhere implied.

meaning and understanding to the eighth article of Leading brethren living at the time seemed to accept faith. It also gives insight into specific historical and the work as a restoration, as is evident from their comdoctrinal problems, particularly with regard to Genesis ments concerning it and the use they made of it.

and the four Gospels. A knowledge of the contents of The Prophet used the Inspired Translation in prethe Inspired Translation will increase one's overall paring the Lectures on Faith which were used in the

knowledge of the gospel in general and of the Bible School of the Prophets. 1

in particular. While it does not present many doctrines Elder Orson Pratt used the Inspired Translation in

that are not also in other standard works, it does place his preaching and writing to correct certain matters these in a biblical setting. All of these working together in the King James version. 2 He likewise frequently

will result in a deeper appreciation for the divine misreferred to it as the "Inspired Translation."3

sion and appointment of the Prophet Joseph Smith. After the Prophet's death, Elder Willard Richards

Evidence of a restored text. At least one important called on Emma Smith, the Prophet's widow, and

question remains to be considered in regard to the requested the manuscript of the Inspired Translation, significance and importance of the Inspired Translabut she was not disposed to surrender it. 4 Apparently

tion of the Bible. That question is: Does the work Brother Richards was seeking possession of the manucontain a restoration of lost material? script for the Church and not as personal property.

This question is crucial. If the Inspired Translation In more recent times, while commenting upon the

contains restored material, the text is of unlimited numerous changes and corrections made by the value in solving numerous problems that have arisen Prophet, Elder John A. Widtsoe has written: "Ceras a result of the imperfect condition of all known tainly the Prophet used great effort to restore the

manuscripts of the Bible. If the Inspired Translation original meanings of the Bible."5

is a restoration of the original text of the Bible, it A translated version. While doing the work of Bible

should be used as a textual source rather than as translation, the Prophet was given the particular commentary material. In this regard, perhaps the wording of a passage in the fifth chapter of John.

greatest contribution of the Prophet's work with the (Vs. 29.) The wording, which "was given by the

Bible is yet to be realized. Spirit"(D&C 76:18), differs from that of the King

A discussion of the probability of the Inspired TransJames version. This principle of receiving words "by

lation being a restored text follows. the Spirit"indicates that something extraordinary was

The Prophet Joseph Smith did not give prolonged associated with this translation which supplied a nor extended arguments about his calling as a prophet; variant wording independent of a supplementary

his work bears witness of him. He simply stated the manuscript. If possible with one passage, it is possible

facts as they were. The writer has been unable to find that this process could be repeated in any number

a categorical declaration by the Prophet affirming of passages.

that the Inspired Translation was a restoration of the Another item bearing (Continued on page 431)

MAY 1988 405 SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH NIBLEY. PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BR1GHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY PART 3 SECRECY IN THE PRIMITIVE CHURCH (CONTINUED)

Denial of Loss. As soon as century, they cannot understand is nothing covered, that shall not

the restraining influence of living "why, if Jesus was sent to give a be revealed; and hid, that shall not

Apostles was withdrawn from the message he insisted on concealing be known."(Ibid., 10:26.) Isn't he

Church, large numbers of quacks the message."To Celsus, Origen talking about the machinations of

and pretenders began to capitalize replied that Jesus did not conceal the enemy here?

on the secrecy of the early teachhis message from those who sinJesus continues: "What I tell you

ings, each one pretending that he cerely sought it, 69 but Celsus is not in darkness, that speak ye in light;

alone had the Gnosis which the satisfied and asks why Jesus and what ye hear in the ear, that

Lord imparted secretly to the disshowed himself to so few people preach ye upon the housetops."

ciples after the resurrection.66 The after the resurrection, when he had (Ibid., 10:27.) The peculiar phrase

simplest refutation of such claims a wonderful chance of converting "in the ear"is explained by a newly was to insist that there never had the world and proving the resurdiscovered Logion of Jesus: "What

been any secret teaching or any rection by appearing to those who you hear in the other ear preach holding back of any doctrine whathad put him to death. This forefrom the housetops."74 This is akin

ever. Such is the position that bearance of the Lord has always to another Logion: "These teachIrenaeus takes, but even for him puzzled the doctors of the church. 70 ings are only for the tried and

it proves quite untenable, and later The great Catholic scholar J. P. worthy: preach other words to the

Fathers of the Church agree that Migne was greatly puzzled that the churches."75 There is thus no conthere was indeed a disciplina arcana Lord should insist on keeping his tradiction between a command to

or secret unwritten teaching of the true mission and his true identity preach from the housetops and the

Apostles handed down to certain a secret from'the world which he injunction to keep holy things from leaders of the Church.67 However, was sent to redeem. 71 This is "the unworthy ears: some things were to

the easy and convenient abuse of Messianic secret"which has always be divulged generally, others not.

the tradition of reticence by unperplexed scholars of Judaism and "These things preach openly,"principled individuals has made it Christianity. In our own day Albert says 4 Ezra, "but these things keep

possible for churchmen down to the Schweitzer notes that while it cansecret,"explaining that there are present to label as misleading and not be denied that Jesus insisted on twentyfour sacred books for pubspurious the very idea that there making important aspects of his lic teaching but seventy others ever was any secret teaching. 68 ministry a secret, one is at a loss to which are reserved only "for the

The doctors have welcomed explain why he did it. 72 wise among thy people."76 "Paul

this way out and made the most At the present time Roman did not divulge all his revelations,"of it, for the idea that any Christian Catholic scholars are laying consays Chrysostom, "but concealed teaching might have escaped them siderable emphasis on the phrase the greater part of them; and

both alarms and puzzles them. It "from the housetops,"which signithough he did not tell everything,

alarms them because unless the infies, according to them, that there neither was he silent about everyformation available to theologians was to be nothing whatever kept thing, lest he leave an opening for is complete and final, they are secret or held back from the public the teachings of false Apostles."77

forced to live with an element of in the teachings of Jesus. 73 In the J. Jeremias has recently shown how

uncertainty which is intolerable to face of innumerable indications to such a policy explains the appartheir vanity and fatal to the finality the contrary, it is hard to see how ent contradiction in ordering the and neatness which theological such an interpretation can be put Apostles to preach in all the world systems prize above all else. And on a passage which is a mysterious while at the same time commandit puzzles them because, like the one to begin with: The Lord had ing them not to go outside of Israel:

schoolman Celsus in the second.just told the Apostles that their the general preaching, Jeremias exteaching would receive no better plains, was for a later dispensation,

east miles Forty of Qumran presfor the limited the preaching (Matt. had. his than reception this religious are the remains of

I to related Jesus's order, probably time. 78 community, ent "What that they adds he 10:25.) Then

those Sea. Only the on the Dead should not be afraid, "... for there (Continued on page 444) early Moslem and Byzantine

buildings, erected for late pilgrims to the shrine, have now been excavated. What lies beneath is a

fascinating question.

MAY 1965 407 SUBMITTED BY THE PRIESTHOOD GENEALOGY COMMITTEEClass in MIA

At the beginning of the year 1831, the elders of and standards of genealogy which apply in achieving the Church were warned by the Lord to be careful this principle of the gospel, hence genealogical classes of spurious claims and false teachings which even have always been instituted as aids and helps for the in that early period had found their way into the Saints. However, we must remember that a knowlChurch. The Lord gave the Prophet Joseph Smith a edge of the eternal truths of the gospel and the

clear outline of how to know whether a teacher was achievement of a celestial family organization are the from God or whether he be a false teacher. goals of our priesthood work, not the various standards

Two concise verses from this revelation say: "And and regulations which apply to genealogy.

now, behold, I give unto you a commandment, that The priesthood genealogy committee, in cooperation when ye are assembled together ye shall instruct and with the MIA, organized a class to be held during edify each other, that ye may know how to act and MIA time for the instruction of priesthood members direct my church, how to act upon the points of my and their wives. It was not the intent of the priesthood

law and commandments, which I have given. committee to discontinue existing MIA classes, but to

"And thus ye shall become instructed in the law of introduce to the Church an opportunity to learn pracmy church, and be satisfied by'that which ye have tical genealogy as a tool by which this vital principle received...."(D&C 43:8-9.) of family exaltation can be achieved.

This is an eternal principle, one with which every A class manual titled "Genealogy in Action"was member of the Church should become acquainted. written under the direction of the priesthood comUnless the material edifies and improves a person it is mittee with the hope that this purpose would be

not of God. Unless the teacher follows instructions achieved. In wards and branches where the program

given him by those in authority over him, he is not has been followed, both the priesthood MIA class and in harmony with the Church. The priesthood class the regular MIA class for adults are being conducted.

in MIA was established to edify and train priesthood The class in priesthood genealogy was never intended members and their families for a wise and specific to replace or to compete with the adult study class.

purpose, with the class being taught according to a On October 26, 1964, President Theodore M. Burspecific pattern of instruction. ton, managing director of the priesthood genealogy

Family exaltation, being a principle of the gospel, committee, wrote a letter to every bishop in the must be taught as such. It is true there are regulations Church giving direction and dimension to the priest408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

# m

i

i *

Genealogy class in the Millcreek 12th Ward,

East Millcreek Stake, Salt Lake City, Utah.

is tohood class in MIA. We quote the following from this feats the very purpose of its organization, which

letter: "Quorum presidents and group leaders should see that eventually every adult in the Church receives

invite priesthood members and their wives to attend practical workshop training in beginning genealogical this class. Best results can be obtained by invitation, research.

and thus limiting the membership in the class to not It is true that in each separate class there may be more than about thirty members, so that each person some outstanding members who appear to be espepresent can receive personal attention by the class cially gifted in this field. If some show such aptitude

leader. The basic course will take about three months they should be used as tutors, assisting the instructor

to complete, so it will be possible to have four such with new classes so that class members can have as groups during the year. The class was designed to much individual, personalized training as possible.

be a workshop to acquaint priesthood members and An important principle to remember in teaching their wives with the basic concepts of genealogical this priesthood genealogy class in MIA is not how research."many are in attendance, but how many are doing reThe basic concept of the class is to have a selected search work as a result of such training. The Church

group receive the genealogical workshop instruction, as a whole would be eager to discontinue these geneand at the conclusion of the course they should return alogy classes if every member would become engaged to the regular MIA study group while another selected in research activities. If we follow the church program,

group commences intensive training in the workshop the desired results will be obtained.

class. Thus the class is designed to go on for the Speaking before a group of priesthood committee

entire year, but the members of the class will change members on January 8, 1965, Elder Harold B. Lee

every quarter. If regular classwork in MIA is abansaid, "The greatest hazard we have is to depart from

doned and all adults forced into the priesthood genethe written scriptures and attempt to work out our own alogy class, what would class members do for MIA plans, which may be contrary to church policy."

instruction after they graduated from the genealogy Again quoting Elder Burton's letter to bishops, he workshop? There are a few teachers who do not says: "The priesthood genealogy class in MIA has as

understand this program, who continue with the same its object to stimulate the members in the work to group of people year in and year out. This is not complete and hand in family group sheets for geneaintended for the priesthood genealogy class and delogical action."

Developing Creativity of the prime issues of the war in several "thou shalt nots"relating to creativity. the free approach Christ's Let involved plan us now(Continued from page 391) heaven. topic positive "higher possibility from the more choice, with will and

Habit or Fixation of each man being ultimately relaws"of creative behavior. The

sponsible for his own destiny, proper tone might well be set with

We tend to think in terms of prewhereas Lucifer's plan relegated this creator's prayer:

vious solutions to similar (or the man to the role of a robot who "Give me the serenity to accept same) problems rather than new would march to the drummer of what cannot be changed. Give me

ones. It might be stated that we conformity. the courage to change what can be

tend to see things the way we want changed. The wisdom to know one

to see them, rather than the way Reliance on Authority from the other."

they really are, hence the old adage (Reinhold Niebuhr.)

that you cannot see the forest for As is the case with conformity, It has been demonstrated by the trees. I will give you an exthis is a problem of degree rather scientific research that creativity

ample of this. How many squares than of black and white. There are can be taught and learned in much

are there in the drawing below? times when it is absolutely essenthe same way that one can learn to

tial for us to rely upon the counsel tie one's shoes, improve reading and wisdom, as well as upon the speed, or work problems in mathecommandments, of various authorimatics.

ties. Conversely, it is evident that Alex F. Osborn has devoted a

there are times when we should major part of his life to research rely upon our innate creative and writing in the field of creative ability and insight to solve certain problem solving. His principal

problems publication is a textbook titled "For behold, it is not meet that Applied Imagination, published in

I should command in all things; for 1953 and now in the fourteenth

he that is compelled in all things, printing. Here is a significant quothe same is a slothful and not a tation from this author:

wise servant; wherefore he re- "I submit that creativity will

ceiveth no reward. never be an exact science. In fact,

"Verily I say, men should be much of it will always remain a anxiously engaged in a good cause, mystery—as much of a mystery as

and do many things of their own 'What makes our heart tick?'At

free will, and bring to pass much the same time, I submit that creaIf you saw sixteen, which is the righteousness; tivity is an art—an applied art—

conventional response, and stopped, "For the power is in them, where- a workable art—a teachable art—

your reaction was fixated. However, in they are agents unto themselves. a learnable art—an art in which

thirty is an imaginative and far And inasmuch as men do good they all of us can make ourselves more better answer. Or perhaps you saw shall in nowise lose their reward. and more proficient, if we will."

the number as infinite by visualiz- "But he that doeth not anything Osborn's book has a chapter ing a pile of blocks infinitely deep. until he is commanded, and rewhich deals with principles and

The latter is obviously the most ceiveth a commandment with procedures of deliberate idea findcreative response. A point to condoubtful heart, and keepeth it with ing. He feels that there are two

sider here is that though the most slothfulness, the same is damned."basic principles which, if followed,

obvious solution may be the best (Ibid., 58:2629.) can lead to increased creativity:

solution, it probably is not.

Lack of Effort Deferment of ludgment

Lack of Positive Outlook Some of us are plagued daily Psychological and sociological reMany times we simply assume a with the habit of seldom doing anysearchers have recently done much new idea will not work. We harbor thing. It is obviously difficult to be to demonstrate the restrictive elenegative attitudes and generate very creative without some sort of ment of hasty judgment and prejuthem to those around us. In other mental or physical activity. Great dice. However, as early as 1788

words, we tend to react to, rather emphasis is stressed in church writFriedrich Schiller ardently advothan act upon, events and circumings upon the subtle but destructive cated this principle to a group of stances. We wait for life to happen aspect of sins of omission. Indeyoung scientists:

to us rather than happen to life. cision plus the passage of time "In the case of a creative mind,

equals decision. It may not be valid it seems to me, the intellect has

Conformity to say, "Do something even if it's withdrawn its watchers from the wrong,"but do something, even if gates, and the ideas rush in pellObviously, it is not a question of it's creative! mell, and only then does it review

whether or not we should conform, and inspect the multitude. You

but to what and when. The point A Positive Approach to Creative worthy critics, or whatever you

here is that undiscriminating conProblem Solving may call yourselves, are ashamed formity is a deterrent to creativity. or afraid of the momentary and

It seems to me that this was one We have previously dealt with passing madness which is found in

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now! a new hifi album

The Te Arohanui Maori Company of New Zealand as recorded at the Hollywood Bowl!f

Thousands have thrilled to the performances of the Get your recording at one of the following stores:

Te Arohanui Maori Company at the Polynesian SALT LAKE CITY LOGAN

Cultural Center in Hawaii. Many thousands more HartCottonwoodBrothersMusicMusic,Company,Sugar House Logan Book and Music Company

crowded auditoriums in America to hear them durCottonwood Mall PROVO ing a limited tour. Now their music is available in Summerhays3719 SouthMusicState Company, Music Center, 138 West Center

a high fidelity album! ZCMIDeseretRecordBook Company:Bar, 37 South Main IDAHOBowenFALLSMusic Company

44 East South Temple Cottonwood Mall ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Town & Country, 777 South Main COMPLETE ALBUM $395 OGDENDeseret Book Company,

MAIL ORDERS 4.50 2472 Washington Blvd.

All proceeds from sale of these albums go to the Scholarship Fund for the Polynesian people to attend the Church College of Hawaii.

MAY 1968 411

real creators, the longer or shorter means just as much a way of indiing lenses below. Thus he induration of which distinguishes the vidual thinking (segregating the vented bifocals.)

thinking artist from the dreamer. creative and judicial qualities of Group Ideation. Though indiHence your complaints of unfruitone's mind) as it does a group vidual creativity is often desirable,

fulness, for you reject too soon and methodology (which is the more there are reasons for thinking in discriminatetoo severely."common and popular connotagroups. Studies in group dynamics

Do you tend to reject too soon tion)."have demonstrated superior thinkand discriminate too severely? Arnold has also prepared a list ing ability of an average group

Have you ever said in a meeting, of nine "spur"questions which over an average single individual "It can't work because it's never might well be applied as a kind of in problems involving creative been tried,"or perhaps, "It won't selfbrainstorming in a given ability, judgment, or both.

work; it's been tried a thousand problemsolving situation: Dr. R. L. Thorndike has found

times"? Judgment is important, but 1. Other Uses? Major question in that as the range of possible rein proper tempo. Sometimes it is this area: "Is there a new way sponses increases, the superiority of

worthwhile to think, imagine, to use as it is?"the group over the individual indream, and then evaluate and 2. Borrow or Adapt? Under this creases. Most creative problems

make arbitrary judgments. It should heading, we can prime our have multitudinous possible rebe recognized that there is to be imaginations with questions sponses. Whenever you put a group

a time of judgment, but this should like this: "What other ideas of people together, each one in the

be minimized during some period might be adaptable?"group brings with him a tremenof the ideational stage of a given 3. New Twist? A typical question dous background of facts and exproblem-solving situation. along this line: "What other periences which no one else in the

shape?"(Like the buggymaker group possesses. It is often humQuantity of Ideas Tends to Produce who tapered the rollerbearing bling to hear the ideas that others

Quality that Leonardo da Vinci had inhave developed—ideas that you

vented 400 years before.) might never have conceived alone.

Quantity, quantity, and more 4. More So? The questions under There are four guiding rules

quantity! There are various ways this heading include: "Increase which should be considered in a

whereby we might tend to generate strength?"(Such as reinforced group brainstorming session:

more ideas. These tend to fall into heels and toes in hosiery.)

two major categories: 5. Less So? One such question: 1. Criticism is ruled out—judgment

Individual Ideation. John Arnold, "Eliminate?"(Example: tubesuspended.

professor of mechanical engineerless tires. 2. Freewheeling encouraged—the

ing at Stanford University, feels 6. Substitutes? A typical question wilder the idea the better.

that creative activity is primarily under this head: "What re- 3. Quantity is wanted—the greater

individual activity. Thus, the learnplaces?"(Like synthetic rubber the number of ideas, the

ing process should emphasize perduring World War II.) greater the probability of good

sonal development. He lists ten 7. Rearrange? One such question: ones.

things that an individual might do "Transpose cause and effect?"4. Combination and improvement

alone to further his education for (As doctors do in diagnoses.) are sought—the group feeds

increased creativity: 8. Reverse? Sample question: "Do back to each member.

1. Know yourself as well as the opposite?"( Elias Howe perpossible. fected his sewing machine by Also, remember that:

2. Carry a notebook and use it. designing a needle with the

3. Ask yourself a new question hole at the bottom instead of at 1. The group leader should remind

every day. the top.) everyone not to be judicial.

4. Develop craftsmanship in 9. Combine? Most ideas are com- 2. The atmosphere of the session

your own field. binations of other ideas. A must be permissive.

5. Read and broaden your own typical brainduster along this 3. "Strong motors require strong

interests. line: "Combine purposes?"brakes."A large list of ideas is

6. Develop creative avocations. (Benjamin Franklin, to avoid useless unless they are even-

7. Provide permissive atmoschanging from one pair of spectually evaluated and creatively

phere for family and coltacles to another, cut the lenses processed.

leagues. of each in half and stuck the 4. Finally, the "workable"ideas

8. Develop a sense of humor. halves together, with the readmust be subjected to dynamic

9. Speculate and daydream. followthrough and followup.

10. Question—Observe—AssociToo many conventional group

ate—Predict. "JUST AT THAT AGE..."meetings fail to allow the indiThere are techniques which have BY LUCILLE J. GOODYEAR vidual to contribute and demonbeen devised to help us defer judgstrate his potential. The morale

ment and produce a greater quan- A little girl, having been taught effects of group brainstorming can tity of ideas. Dr. Sidney J. Parnes, to designate her age by holding up sometimes be as important as the

director of creative education at the her fingers to correspond with her ideas produced. Increasing the enUniversity of Buffalo, briefly desage, on her fifth birthday remarked joyment and productivity of meetcribes one of these methods:... "From now on... I'm going ings is probably one of the main

"To me the word 'brainstorming'to be a handful!"values of group brainstorming.

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

VISIT THE

Unisphere 5,,-w*r@ United SUtis Still

O 1941 Nn Twt WbU i fait 19W19W Corporation

THE CAREFREE WAY... by DOMELINER

Make this a carefree—carfree vacation treat

and experience the wonderful difference of

Enjoy seelevel views of magnificent passing scenery from Dome

cars. luxurious for comfort, designed Pullmans coaches and Modern

for a SEE THE cars, delightful every cars provide dining convenience lounge safe, relaxing journey. Choice of routes and free stopovers permit visiting many of America's USAV

historic shrines, interesting cities and other scenic attractions. There

is no finer way for youngsters and adults to learn about the heritage that made our country great.

You will be delighted, too, how economical the trip can be with moneysaving family fares traveling coach or Pullman, leaving

Monday through Thursday, returning any day.

Add new dimensions to your vacation by going Domeliner.

Contact nearest Union Pacific ticket office for information and reservations

UNION PACIFIC RAILROAD

MAY 1965 413 is also a feeling of thankful-A Spoonful of Sugar books could be enjoyed or family mony ness for blessings received from could be viewed. or movies(Continued from page 401) slides Father. our Heavenly might Tape be taken. New pictures We further

Dramatizations, Pantomimes, recordings could be reviewed and help them by bearing our testiCharades perhaps a new tape could be made. monies to them in a simple way so

Simple dramatizations with the Memories of special events conthat they have some example to family members forming the cast nected with family trips and guide them.

can impress a lesson on the minds outings could be recalled. An addiThe gospel is not just a series of

of children. A number of the stories tional highlight to the evening doctrine and scriptures. The gospel

in the church Family Home Evecould be having each person presis the way of life, and it encomning Manual could be adapted as ent express what his choicest passes all things that are worthdramatizations. Incidents from the experience of the year has been. while. Family Home Evening acBible, Book of Mormon, or church tivities can help children realize

history easily lend themselves to Special Guests that the gospel is wonderful and dramatizations. Our boy received a bicycle for workable, not dull and stuffy. The

Pantomimes are simple, yet they his sixth birthday. Before we gave Church of Jesus Christ helps us to

can be very effective. Each Christhim the bike, however, we invited a live a balanced life. Family fun,

mas Eve at our traditional family policeman friend (in full uniform) wholesome activities, and special gettogether, our children along to visit one of our Family Home projects are all part of the plan.

with their little cousins (all chilEvenings. He talked to our children Family Home Evening activities

dren are under six) pantomime the about bicycle safety rules pertinent can do much to help children seek story of the first Christmas. The to them. We feel these rules comgood times wherever they might

parts of Mary and Joseph are roing directly from the policeman be, love the things in life which tated among the children from were much more effective and helpmatter most, and help build within year to year, and a favorite doll ful than anything parents could say. them testimonies of the gospel.

or a newborn baby plays the part A fireman could be invited in to As you prepare and conduct of baby Jesus. Robes, scarves, and talk about fire safety and how to Family Home Evenings for your

towels bedeck the other children work with matches and campfires. children, keep foremost in mind

out as the shepherds and wise men. Some children never have the that people remember ninety perIt seems that even the littlest shepprivilege of seeing a returned miscent of what they do; therefore

herd is able to stand still while an sionary much closer than from plan accordingly. A person becomes

older child reads the story of the where they sit in church to the the sum total of his experiences.

first Christmas from Luke. Then pulpit. Lasting values could be As parents, you should not force

everyone joins in singing "Away in gleaned by inviting an outstanding, your children to do anything or a Manger."enthusiastic returned missionary to become any particular thing, but

Charades is a game whereby the your home to talk to your children. you can provide the experiences to

audience attempts to guess a story His spirit and enthusiasm could be help them do so or become so. If

or incident as the actors dramatize a great motivating factor in helping you want to raise a choice family, or depict in some way the meaning a young boy live worthy of a you must surround your children of each word in the title. Playing mission. with choice experiences.

charades is another way to make a lesson memorable. Family Fixit Night

Projects great can provide times. WORDS

"fixit night,"mother whenGames A family

Good games can help make learnand daughters mend and father BY CAROLINE EYRING MINER ing fun. Twenty questions can be and sons handle any maintenance

played on a gospel subject or some work and repair jobs, is fun as well Strangely elusive other worthwhile subject. A gospel as helpful. This activity, as well as Like brightcolored stones,

spelling bee where words are any other, should be crowned with Streammisted;

spelled ( and defined, if you would a freezer of homemade ice cream, Fragile and beautiful, like) can be challenging and edufreshly popped corn, root beer Lifting like wind, cational. Suggested words are: floats, or some other treat. Mean and monotonous,

patriarchal, priesthood, MelchizeMetallic, mired.

dek, Aaronic, dispensation, and milTestimony Hour Winged like the evening lennium. Games developed by One of the most impressive and Fluttering with birds;

members of the Church and sold valuable of any Family Home EveEdged like the sword through bookstores offer an excelning activities has been our monthly Thrusting and bleeding;

lent learning medium. testimony time. After our regular Subtly smothering,

lesson from the church Family Hate and scorn breedingMemories Evening Home Evening Manual, we take a Melting with love,

To help build memories and little time once each month to have Freezing with hate, values in the minds of children of our children bear their testimonies. Stirring to strife

what things in life are most preWe refresh their memories first by As nations quake.

cious and important, a "memories telling them that a testimony is a Pandora's boon evening"could be held occasionfeeling in your heart to help you Or Pandora's folly, ally. Family albums and record believe the gospel is true. A testiWhen words were loosed.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:'"''Z ':

i> WWm

M+MW:-i--:--

Under a Beatle wig lie a head for Beethoven may

If your children think music is what He'll point out the importance of the Beatles play, don't despair. The exposing your child's ear to precise

children may be closer to appreciating tones. And explain to you how

Beethoven than you think. Yamaha rewards your child's efforts

You see, Beethoven showed his by building pianos with full, rich interest in music early, too. Started resonant tonal qualities. He'll see

serious musical education on the that your Yamaha piano is piano at the age of 5. If he were maintained at peak performance

alive today, chances are he'd offer always, under Yamaha's exclusive parents this advice: give your service bond.

children a sound piano foundation If you would lead your children early in life. from the primitives of music toward

Your Yamaha dealer agrees with this a higher goal, see your Yamaha philosophy. That's why he puts so dealer. He digs Beethoven!

much emphasis on an early, proper start of piano instruction. He makes

INTERNATIONAL CORPORATIONit his job to see your child is YAMAHA introduced to a competent, 7733 Telegraph Road, Montebello, California resultful teacher in your community. 150 Fifth Avenue, New York. New York

MAY 1S65 415 The Fine Art of Living and which you have made. prophets have not shown this to

Learning The third part of the problembe true. solving method is revelation. Every Just as many people have not

(Continued from page 385) Latterday Saint has the great opbrought the three ways of learnproblem solving helps one to learn portunity to receive personal reveing into a healthy balance, there factual information or what may lation. After he has made his best are some who have learned by

be referred to as pure knowledge. effort to obtain knowledge and each method but at different times

Illustratively, if a man and his wisdom through study and reasonthroughout life. The college years,

wife desire to be good parents, it ing, it is now his privilege to refor example, emphasized the acquiwould seem necessary that they ceive the Lord's word through sition of factual knowledge; the

must have some knowledge of what revelation, the sweet assurance of missionary years emphasized the being a good parent means. Or if a the witness of the Spirit. It must spiritual; and there may have been

parent detects, for example, a persurely be realized that the products times when one relied on reason sonality problem with a child, say of research are not always reliable, alone. I am suggesting that in

stuttering, it would seem to me that and in a same way the products of order to learn to solve problems the first step in solving the problem reason are not always reliable. Becompletely and to make the kind of

would be to acquire as much cause man's mortal judgment and progress which will lead to eternal knowledge as he could about stutabilities are not infallible, he must life, one must rely on research, tering. Likewise, the first step in finally rely on revelation. reason, and revelation in balance.

solving nearly all problems of life It is folly to think, for example, that would be to acquire as complete the knowledge one receives during possible. asa knowledge

part of the problemThe second DISCOVERY lifetime,the collegeor thedayswisdomis enoughone forgainsa solving method is reason. A man BY ELAINE V. EMANS through reason during the adjusthas made an effort to gain the basic The phrasing dogged me like a ment days of marriage is enough to

facts, and now he, through careful spaniel: last for a lifetime. The combination

is all meditation, of of hours in balance throughout lifethought and the shining walk "To paths of life"—

interprets into wise the judgments to problemsolving them key and seemed

Naturally, decisions. the And progress. wiseand a writer dreamed. Something

factual one has, lesson knowledge be learnedmore may A great he referring to a golden hill for Was will prophets. of thethe greater be his resources the lives from The in fall, One climbs

decisions. for wise Smith, and Prophet mature example,making Joseph to laughter a road Or of experience, led of balance.It a life has Here howbeen a was my shining, after was One knew

to are seriousever, that student, of people not only prone the make to the paths it, or turned One from scriptures, also of thoughtless but judgmentsquick and many song? of

all. at learning of facts of the are branches not based world onwhich long, the he did Or mean

his illustrate, father spent long him. spanked a around hours HeTo trails that illumines? love Long

in for reading. out climbing son great acquired thetwoyear-old He I knew, Or—suddenly

ability, are his hisof supposed crib. Children understanding, on based hadn't realized (having no Who

lie to to of sleep searching the heart ofto go and the down when name thought. carefully to bed, reasoning His to and he problemput boy the For came), good way we

its solution. finallypersisted in climbing of bed; received out he And I the shining paths walk of life

revelation, his father the for spanking, only not continuedand peryou. With

harder and harder. After several sonal life, but also for the entire

nights of this, the father sought Church and the world. The Prophet

help and learned that it is common Joseph Smith's life was one of balfor a child to begin experiencing One could ask, then, "What is ance, of learning, and of progress.

real fears at this age. The father the need of research and reason?"Similarly, the life of President

moved the boy's crib into his room The pattern of discovering truth, David O. McKay illustrates the

and sat beside the boy until he fell all of which comes from God, has beauty of balance, reiving on a asleep each night. In three weeks first required man to do all he never ending search for knowledge,

the crib was moved back into the could to obtain the truth, and the a veritable thirst for information, boy's bedroom without further rest would be revealed. There is adding his depth of reasoning to

trouble. The father's judgment at evidence, for example, that few that knowledge, and then bringing

first was not based on knowledge revelations came to the Prophet these two into balance and comof child development at all. Joseph without effort on his part. pleteness by living a full life receivJudgments not based on knowlOn the contrary, he wrestled with ing personal revelation.

edge very likely will be unsound the problems and made his best This is the fine art of living—

judgments. But on the other hand, effort through study and reason, that of learning to solve life's proball the knowledge in the world will and then the Lord gave the witness. lems and therebv making the kind

not produce sound judgments withAll too many, in my opinion, are of proeress which leads to life out honest mental effort, reasoning, lulled into thinking that their probeternal. Life becomes a great laboadapting, meditating, working out lems will be solved without perratory for constant and continual

solutions based on knowledge, sonal effort. Some believe that learning wherein the skill of solvand then, of course, exercising the prayer, without effort, will solve all ing problems through research,

selfcontrol to act on the judgments their problems. The lives of the reason, and revelation is learned.

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The cool, calra world of Lennox air conditioning

Where you work, where you worship, Lennox does it with the exclusive are in Power Saver's free where you live, Lennox creates an Power Saver. It air conditions, cooling range30 F. to 60 F.

exciting world of total comfort. free, any modern commercial or

institutionaltype building, when Call your Lennox Comfort

We call it "Nature's Freshness."the temperature drops below 60 F. Craftsman listed in the yellow

Coolness crisp as an autumn forest. Providing clean, cool outdoor air. pages. Or write

Warmth pure as sunshine. No compressor wear or power cost.

Inc. Industries Lennox

Silent as a fawn. How much could Power Saver 2200 South Main Street

Even when winter's chill settles, save you? Salt Lake City, Utah

a crowded building always needs Example: In Salt Lake City,

freshening. Often needs cooling 4,461 of the year's 8,760 hours

AIR CONDITIONING HEATING SELECTED FOR THE HOUSE OF GOOD TASTE, NEW YORK WORLD'S FAIR LENNOX

MAY 1965 417

Budgeting for the Arts 1. Monthly budget—$5-10 (more

if budget permits ) to be used dur- ( Continued from page 399 ing the month for these artsbudget

Average Difficulty purchases.

Dollar Age of of keeping 2. Savings bottle—collects all the

Instruments Cost Beginner in Practice household nickels and dimes over a period of several months. Use

Piano $ 501500 8 easy this fund for a family art purchase.

Organ 900 up 12 very easy ( One family bought a record player

Harp 6002000 12 medium this way.)

Violin 25150 7 difficult 3. Birthday or Christmas gifts.

Viola 40150 12 medium Instead of several small, inexpenCello 60200 8 difficult sive gifts for birthdays, Christmas,

String bass 80300 16 easy or special occasions, pool your

Flute 100300 12 medium money together for a lovely lasting

Oboe 100350 12 difficult gift.

Clarinet 40180 10 difficult Saxophone 60300 10 easy B. Longrange planning

Bassoon 100700 14 medium French horn 100300 12 very difficult Longrange expenditures might

Trumpet 50200 12 very difficult include: piano, family record

Cornet 40150 12 very difficult player, set of encyclopedias, oil

Trombone 60250 14 very difficult paintings and reproductions, musiTuba 100350 16 easy cal instruments, china figurines, large sets of books, expensive record albums ( such as the Book of

Mormon ) School, church, and community objects from around the world. Irish 1. Quarterly, semiannual, or

provide singing experience through Belleek, Royal Doulton, Dresden, yearly purchases to buy such major class instruction, choral groups, Waterford Crystal, Royal Copenitems. You might watch for used

glee clubs, concerts, and operettas. hagen, Hummel, Wedgewood, and and secondhand bargains, afterIndividual voice training depends English Bone china are but a few. Christmas reductions, stock clearupon maturity of the voice, but it While on the way to ballet class ance, and general merchandise

is often between 1517 years for each week, our daughter often stops sales.

girls and somewhat older for boys. to admire the lovely display of 2. Monthly savings, monthly inModern dance, ballet, and folk crystal, china, and paintings in a stalment payments. Preferably,

dancing develop body control and nearby shop. We were surprised at money is saved each month for the

coordination. Elocution and speech the intense interest she developed cash purchase of a major item, or

training help develop poise and in a lovely white china ballerina payments are made in instalment confidence and power in communifigure with "red shoes."Her inpurchases.

cation. terest continued, and she put it on

lay away and is paying for it with Determination comes first, plan

C. Art part of her allowance money and comes second

any extra she can earn. Each week

Parents can provide inexpensive the shopkeeper takes it from the In attempting really to have sucart materials (colored pencils and layaway cupboard for "just one cess in budgeting for the developchalk, crayons, charcoal, tempera more look"until it becomes her ment of talents and "art appreciapaints, water colors, paint brushes, own. tion,"attitude and desire are of first

modeling clay, etc.) which stimu- A handpainted linen cloth for importance. As parents you will

late creative expression. Some mother, an inexpensive reproducteach what you are. You will cultiartists* and childdevelopment tion of a painting for the living vate such an attitude first by exteachers discourage parents from room, a wood carving for the boys'ample and also by showing that

purchasing coloring books, cutouts, bedroom—all are within our reach certain temporary habits and pleasand copy and paint by number kits, when we budget for the arts. ures must be sacrificed for more

for they feel children lose creativity permanent and worthwhile values.

and independence of expression. Possible family savings plans With an internal commitment to

Art classes are encouraged but succeed and by accepting the idea should be broken up into age A. Shortrange planning that rewards in these endeavors, as

groups and taught by qualified in all truly worthwhile efforts, are teachers. Shortrange expenditures might a function of personal investmentTo guide your purchases and to include: sheet music (piano books, interest, enthusiasm, money, timecultivate art appreciation, plan vocal songs), children's records then most any plan can be adopted

family visits to art galleries, muand books, family records, church and adapted to the personal needs, seums, or even a china or antique books, magazines, piano lessons, talents, and interests of your family shop to become acquainted with dancing, or instrumental lessons, in the fine art of living.

the quality craftsmanship of art and art materials. New"JaneYork.C. Bland, Museum of Modern Art,

418 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do you want a tire that you just never have to think about (which is something to think about)?

Do you want1 a tire that is practically indestructible, and has a written guarantee that will probably just sit around gathering dust?

want a tire that is as beauThen buy a set of Do you tiful vice versa? to look at as it is to ride on, and Amoco. 120 Super Premium Tires

Do you want a tire that will rack up so many miles you won't believe your from your American Oil Dealer.

odometer?

You expect more from American and you get it!*

Do you want a tire that won't give AMERICAN OIL COMPANY you gray hair in a panic stop, because it stops a full car length shorter at 30 mph than any other premium tire tested?

Do you want a tire that nobody thought could be made better than it was except us, so we did?

Do you want a tire that was torture tested at 120 mph and didn't go all to pieces over it?

Trademark

MAY 1965 419 Teamwork"buys this new Courtesy in the Family

Wurlitzer organ (Continued from page 389) for your church over,lected,a andbox aof notegroceriesto givewashercol-a laugh was attached to each package. Nancy brought in some flowers

from the garden, and the whole family called on the neighbor, left the groceries and flowers, and sang a getwell song. The following

morning John voluntarily swept her walks and put out the cans for the garbage collection.

As any parent knows, there had to be much checking and encouraging and helping, but at the end of a month some significant gains had been made. Concept one: A

foundation stone for good manners and courtesy as well as character building was taking hold. Now was the time to introduce concept two: TRIED

get the unique, practical No person will long be respected without being truly respectable. This idea sent the three older and TRUE

children to the dictionary and to ORGAN the books on manners that Bud

that James Madison had FUND broughtfound home from school. They RECIPES

made a similar statement about government, but they could see 368 Pages RAISING that it applied first to an individual and that it takes respected indi537 Choice Recipes from PLAN viduals to make a respectable government. They asked themLDS Cooks in one binding

from Wurlitzer selves just what is included in berespectable. ing Here are some of Stands on end, easy to useA proven, "painless"procedure to their answers:

raise Every funds. shares member best. yourself. your Look Respect

... for contributions payownership clean your Elegant blue vinyl hardand neat. Watch Be

is parts ofspecific plan the organ. The table language. your manImproveflexible, to easily be adapted can and back cover ners. true. and Be honest particular conchoice organyour and

gregation. Your Wurlitzer organ dealer Respect others. Listen when

can give you all the details. others are talking. Respect and try

to understand people who are difSpecial offer $3.95 plus

Kit includes ferent from yourself. Don't use 25c postage things that belong to others without

Progress charts permission. Show respect to those

Pledge cards in Respectauthority.your home. Clean your "A Cookbook you will be

Pledge envelopes feet before coming into the house. proud to own, or give

Help make the home beautiful by Payments chart keeping your room in good order. as a gift."

Polish the furniture and keep your

See your Wurlitzer organ dealer feet off it. Keep the weeds out of

or send coupon the garden and water it so the flowers will grow.

if done There to be was much all Order: Tried True and Recipe Book Dept. IE565,;

into ideas to put be were WURLITZER, De Kalb, Illinois 60115 these Street 1007 Canby started with, practice. Please send on "Look me information They

Laramie, Wyoming 82070 '. Wurlitzer raising plan. organ fund church time."at dinner your best Hands

Name. washed, hair combed, curlers and Enclosed $

". Address. stretch pants "taboo"were the rules Check Money Order

City agreed upon. It was surprising how Send Cookbooks.

I State -Zip Code. manners and language improved Please add 25c per book for postage.

WURlilZER WORLD'SOF PIANOSLARGESTAND ORGANSBUILDER 420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The copper industry handles more material per pound of finished product than any other basic industry. At

Kennecott, it's 500 to 1—that

is, 500 pounds of material to one pound of copper.

The material comes from the Bingham Canyon Mine in the form of overburden and ore. Daily operations call for

the removal of 268,000 tons of overburden so that 90,000 tons of ore can be mined.

That's a total of 358,000 L&&ai tons a day.

At the Magna and Arthur Concentrators the 90,000 tons of ore are crushed, ground

to produce 2250 tonsBy the numbers: processand put through the flotation

of concentrate containing less than 30% copper.It's 500 to 1 in the

Smelting 2250 tons of concentrate produces copperCopper Industry... 650 tons of it. And that

represents about 1 /500th of the material removed from the mine.

The 500to- 1 ratio is more than a mere statistic. It's the

basis of every operation at Kennecott, which must be maintained at peak efficiency to achieve the greatest economy possible and assure successful copper production.

Kennecott Copper Corporation

Utah Copper Division

"An equal opportunity employer'

MAY 196S 421 when one looked and felt his best. himself to the young woman as Bud Nancy's best dress because she forAfter two weeks Nancy suggested, hastened to take Aunt Freda's coat got to use her napkin and Father's

"Why not have a real company and to get the other wraps, and John water glass taking a tumble as he dinner? We could wear our best then said, "Sister Johnson, this is my exuberantly gesticulated while tellclothes and could practise what we father."Making introductions was ing the best story of the day and the

have learned about manners."not so difficult, after all, and the discovery that the relishes which

It took another month to get boys were proud that they rememBud had so carefully prepared were ready for this event, but when it bered to stand up until the women still in the refrigerator at the end came it was worth all the effort. were seated. When the meal was of the meal, the company dinner

John was at the door to greet Uncle ready, they had further practice in was a great success. There was an

Henry, Aunt Freda, their children, courtesy by escorting the guests to overabundance of please's and and Sister Johnson, a recently rethe table and seating the women. thank you's and ludicrous mixtures

turned missionary. John introduced Outside of some gravy spilled on of love and wit which put the party

in stitches. The guests were loath

to leave and said they had never had more fun in all their lives. Certainly there were memories from

this event that would enrich living I THE SPOKEN THE COURTESY OF GIVING thenceforth.

At the close of the day in that WORD i ATTENTION brief moment before bedtime, the family was so exhausted from laughRICHARD L. EVANS ing that all they could do was just

sit and look at each other. Mother,

In talking last week of being all there, of being completely present, we who always made the most of such cited several sources and would add this from Thomas Reid: "If there propitious moments, reflected:

"Our project on courtesy has to give in ability chiefly genius, it consists that anything canbe be called us to laugh together, to. "1 helped. it steadily to in the attention keepsthat mind. which a subject

Besides the question of concentration, there is the question of courtesy, listen to what others are saying, to and also the question of waste; for time spent in half attention would enjoy being gracious to one anoften be a waste. "I would rather be in company with a dead man,"other. We've learned to take time

said Lord Chesterfield, "than with an absent one; for if the dead man to be thoughtful of others, to send

gives me no pleasure, at least he shows me no contempt; whereas, the a kind note or simple gift to bring

absent man, silently indeed, but very plainly, tells me that he does not joy to another. Time for loving

think me worth his attention."2 Sir John Davies said: "If we chance to fix each other really makes for living."

our thoughts elsewhere, Though our eyes open be, we cannot see."3 The Father thanked Bud for starting

fact that our eyes are focused on something doesn't necessarily mean the manners and courtesy project that we are seeing it—if we are thinking of something else. "My friend, and suggested there was still much

Will Coneycomb,"said Addison, "is one of those sorts of men who are improvement that could be made.

very often absent in conversation...."4 And now to a very personal "I'd like to read to you an ancient

and important facet of this same subject: One physician has commented prayer,"he said, "it will give us

on the parent who complains he cannot 'reach his children;... the plenty of ideas to grow on."And

teacher who cannot hold the attention of his pupils;... the husband who father read:

has stopped talking to his wife because her attention has wandered;... "Lord, make me an instrument of

(and vice versa.) "The common element in all of them,"he implies, Thy peace;

"may well be... that the parent, the teacher, the husband, has never Where there is hatred, let me

learned to reach out... with his whole and undivided mind [to the sow love;

child, the pupil, the companion]—in short, to be 'all there'"5 To get the Where there is injury, pardon;

attention of others, one must give attention to others. Of this Charlotte Where there is doubt, faith;

Selver said: It is "man's inability to generate enough light from within Where there is despair, hope;

and to direct this light toward one single object, which makes him so Where there is darkness, light;

ineffectual in his personal and even his public life...."6 In the interest and

of understanding, what better can husbands and wives do than to give Where there is sadness, joy.

sincere, respectful attention? What better can teachers and students do Divine Master,

than to give each other sincere, respectful attention? What better can Grant that I may not so much

parents and children give to each other than respectful, understanding seek to be attention—with a turning of their hearts to each other, which is one of Consoled as to console;

life's most important privileges and pursuits. To be understood as to understand;

iThomas Reid (171096), Scottish philosopher. To be loved as to love;

Letters, Chesterfield,2Lord September 1749. 22,

3Sir ii, st. sec. 15. For it is in giving that we receive; Davies, Nosce John Teipsum,

Spectator,4Addison, The 29, 1711. It May is in pardoning that we are

E. Winkler,5Franz M.D., "Beware of Background Music,"This Week Magazine, September 17, pardoned; 1961.

oCharlotte Selver, ibid. And it is in dying that we are

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia born to eternal life."

Broadcasting System, March 14, 1965. Copyright 1965.—St. Francis of Assisi

422 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEW AMERICAN TEMPERANCE PLAN '100PAYS WEEKLY..

! even for life to Nondrinkers and NonSmokers

At last—a new kind of hospitalization plan for you thousands who realize drinking and

smoking are harmful. Rates are fantastically low because "poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. Since your health is superior there is no age limit, no physical examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy. No salesman will ever call.

Starting the first day you enter any hospital, you will be paid $14.28 a day.

sickness, of hospitalization use caused by or do not You drinksmoke THIS TODAY! DO

else narcotics. liquor everything or On Fill application out right mail below and for so premiums pay why fully low you're amazingly protected—at will policy approval, away. be your Upon those do? who rates! at mailed. begins promptly Coverage noon see in newspaper your dayEvery you policy. date on effective of deDon't your 3. loss for benefits drinking evidence that smokingmore and Other lay. enter almost Every people day 50,000 life. of America's They'reshorten one now of accident 90 days within hospitals. protection get your now. So healthleading cause prime problems—a policy). in (as described pay $2000 We hospitaliratesof the high most premium for cash accidental death. $2000 cash Or

policieszation charge. foot, of sight for loss or hand, of one one GUARANTEE MONEYBACK

over of loss for carefully. Read policy both eye. cash your min- $6000 one Askyour Or rates are based your on Our ister, doctor sure and lawyer examine Be feet. or eyes, hands, both both

it it provides exactly Then, what say towe health, superior at all satisif for are reason not any you 100%does.it.

as nondrinker nonsmoker. a and The just to mail back policy within us your 30 close invite comparison We

will immediately enfied,days your refund and we HospitalizaAmerican Temperancenew plan. other with any tire questions asked. premium. can You No offer low unbelievablytion can Plan you dollars. risk gain nothing. thousands..you of is like ours. other Actually, comBut no drinkersrates accept not because do we save. rates. See you pare what Also, rates. cause smokers, highand who

your premiums can never be raised because you grow older or have too many TEAR OUT AND MAIL TODAY BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE claims. Only a general rate adjustment

up or down could affect your low rates. Application to Pioneer Life Insurance Company, Rockford, Illinois

And only you can cancel your policy. We FOR 2986cannot.

READ YOUR AMERICAN AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS Name (PLEASE PRINT) 1. You receive $100 cash weekly—StreetCity or RD #.Zone. Xounty..StateTAX FREE—even for life, Age Date of Birth

from the first day you enter a hospital. Month Day Year

Good in any hospital in the world. We pay Occupation -HeightWeight

in addition to any other insurance you Beneficiary.Relationship.

carry. We send you our payments Air I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

Mail Special Delivery so you have cash NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY on hand fast. No limit on number of times 1.

you collect. 2.

2. We cover all accidents and 3.

sicknesses, 4.

war or miliexcept pregnancy, any act of belief, the are best of you and and knowledge your To all members or accidents preexistingtary service, Yes free or disease? physical impairment, from any and

of best knowledge, have you or any the your above member No Qlistedlistedhadabovemedicalin goodadvicehealthor To

IMPORTANT: Check table below and include year first treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years?

give details If so, please No stating person affected, cause, date, name and addresspremium with application. Yes

fully recovered. physician,D whether of attending and

LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES Pay Monthly Pay Yearly Each child 18 under and pays $280 $28 forNeithera policyI norbasedany personon the listedunderstandingabove usesthattobaccothe policyor alcoholicdoes notbeverages,cover conditionsand I herebyoriginatingapply prior to its effective date, and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the adult Each written answers to the above questions.

1964 pays $380 $38 Date: Signed:X

Each adult 65100 pays $590 *59 ATIATMail this application with your first premium to

SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM IY PAYING YEARLY! AMERICAN TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES, Inc., Box 131, Libertyville, Illinois

MAY 1965 423,;.;.; dignity,

Out of the Best Books within. Giving information is only

of re- a teacher's the beginning comfort and beauty- (Continued from page 395) sponsibility. is to stimuend The

plus the privacy of trate the saving power of love, he late, excite, motivate, lift, challenge, individual seating might"Outwitted":quote Edwin Markham's inspire.strengthenAndteaching,literatureas canmosthelpgoodto

"He drew a circle that shut me teachers know.

out- (2) To deepen one's undertraditional dignity With and beauty, the and convenience modern and Heretic, rebel, a thing to flout. standing of himself and the world

comfort of coilspring seats, these But Love and I had the wit to around him. As members of the

ideal chairs are for your house of win: Church our first and second duties worship or auditorium. Maximum privacy is inherent in the individual We drew a circle that took him are to learn the gospel and then live

styling of each unit, and the EzyLift in! it, but we cannot fully do either seats provide ample passageway.

unless understanding some have we Luxurious HeywoodWakefield quatrain Francis Thompson's Or is in available a seating wide of as beings our nature and human of variety aisle ends, beautiful of "Grace from the Way": in of the world which we live. colors, fine fabrics. Write today and I, bereaven, vision of that "Now for free catalog. literature wonderfully can m......::.:,.: Again

that keep, This knowledge may enrich this understanddeepen and: '..{::.f! not dim: ing. years three ago hundred Over

to to reach Short arm needs man all in the words known by now Heaven, said: Donne John So ready is Heaven to stoop to world, entire of an island, "No man is

him."itself; every man is a piece of the

These are very simple examples continent, a part of the main. If a

that hardly do justice to the rich clod be washed away by the sea, complexities and subtleties of litEurope is the less, as well as if a erature, but they are all that space promontory were, as well as if a allows and are perhaps sufficient house of thy friends or of thine own to suggest the use of literature. were. Any man's death diminishes

It is not enough just to talk about me, because I am involved in mangospel principles. We need to talk kind. And therefore never send to

about them in such a way that they know for whom the bell tolls; it

are interesting, impressive, and tolls for thee."

For Ward & Stake memorable. Many teachers in the And it is true: humanity is inBanquets church organizations complain of timately interlinked, perhaps even

Superior 3-piece discipline problems; but often, I to the degree that, as W. H. Auden

STAINLESS suspect, the problems are more in a powerful modern poem said, or die,"another love one must than the "We with the teaching with SETS for developed have guarfor we International class now the best By members,

Silver Co. antee against poor discipline is weapons of destruction so terrible

KNIFE, good teaching. that we have in our hands the

is good enough, power to destroy ourselves as naStainless FORK and If the teaching tions turn to of the world. So attentive class we the will be members SPOON heritage of great writers the our information responsive. Giving and Setting Place

is easy. Forming a thinking mind is for insight that may help us underOrders of 100 Per hard. And shaping a strong characstand and even solve our problems.

or postage more responsibility as mortal beings of all, partly Set ter because is hardest Our in paid U.S.A. 79* animals but not to be contented mostly from is be shaped it must

PEHRSON HARDWARE 2115 S. 11th East, Salt Lake City, Utah

SEA GULLS

BY GLADYS HESSER BURNHAM

EN USE for SEVENTYnVE TEARS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple The sea gulls wheel and soar above the plow, sore throat and other minor mouth Squawking loudly over tractors din.

and throat irritations. They dive in furrows black and deep. In row

On row they hunt for worms and grubs within.

to disgorge, scatter turns; tractor they The HALL'S REMEDY spring air. filling calling cold Their raucous

Salt Lake City, Utah The horse of old with feet shod at the forge

Could nip at gulls and rout them with a flare.

Copies from The tractors drone, monotonous and loud,

GENEALOGICAL RECORDS Cannot exceed the sweeping sea gulls'cry.

Permanent, Dry XEROCOPIES Hovering aloft in whitewinged shrilling cloud,

From Originals or MICROFILM They show affinity for earth and sky.

SALT LAKE BLUE PRINT & SUPPLY 245 South State, Salt Lake City 3647823

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA toko If CI D<ar1in olnnrr CMETD VWUETDClIdKc l\OL ttduiU alUilg..XVtLtf I VVnilrlLI

And why KSL Radio? Well... Wes Bowen, Hal Peterson, Herb Jepko, Steve Lawson, and

Margaret Masters are five reasons why; they'll keep you company this summer with good

music and interesting interviews. Another why is KSL Radio's news director, Wes Vernon;

he'll keep you informed with total news—no matter where you are. More "whys"are CBS

stars to keep you entertained. So—that's why KSL Radio this summer.

Broadcast House / 145 Social Hall Avenue KSLn 1160 ON YOUR RADIO DIALTf-<mco awakened men and women, reachVI-KO House Paint ing for the perfection of eternity.

Thus we turn to Shakespeare's Othello to see the destructive force TestItFreeandSee! of jealous suspicion or Conrad's

Heart of Darkness to see the struggle between good and evil in the human heart or Hawthorne's The

Scarlet Letter to see the effects of sin upon the human soul or Melville's Moby Dick to see man's struggle to know the unknowable and attain the unattainable or Mark

Twain's wonderful Huckleberry Finn to see a boy's growing awareness of relative values; to Wordsworth and Browning and Shelley to

Goes on Faster Dries Faster see the yearning of the human perEASY AS WALL PAINTING BUGFREE IN MINUTES sonality to perfect itself with the aid of divine power; to Carlyle and

Emerson and Thoreau to see the mind endeavoring to comprehend its nature and affirm its unique individuality; or to such a beautiful

modern novel as Alan Paton's Cry, the Beloved Country with its Christlike message of the redemptive power of love. And on and on we

can turn to dozens upon dozens of

Cleans Up Faster the world's great works of literaWITH WATER ture for their contribution to the beauty and wisdom of the world.

Indeed it may be, as Shelley said, fastest latex house paint we've ever tested! that "Poets are the unacknowlWith the purchase of 1 gallon or more, we'll give you a test pint of edged legislators of the world,"

meaning that they serve, with white free. Try it first—and if it isn't the fastest, easiest house paint prophets, the dual role of spokesyou've ever used, return the gallon(s) and we'll return your money. men for humanity and shapers of

human destiny.

VIKO Latex House Paint Weatherplatesyour house—lasts up to (3) To provide enjoyment. Some50% longer on wood or masonry. Guaranteed in writing. times in the rush and crush of

modern living and in our alarm at the profusion of unwholesome pleasure surrounding us, we forget that it is for participate to people good Bennett's Colorize*,fiunto activities delightful in for just the 1,322 FOR INTERIOR COLORS AND EXTERIOR PAINTING of them. joy ardumatter how No Colorizer Associates 1965 by

ous the travel across the plains nor

See your nearest Bennett's Branch or paint dealer—located throughout the how heavy the work after arrival in

intermountain area. Utah, the early pioneers made

wholesome recreation a part of their lives. And one of the areas of

recreation was the wonderful world

storytellers the readers poetry and social centers of always GOING TO THE WORLD'S FAIR? haveof reading—for the joy of it. The been

Stay in a private home delight, for there is a magic in literature creating a world of beauty

Near the Fair—Reasonable Rates and wonder that appeals to us as

almost nothing else does. Note how

Write for Complete Information a flat, matterof-fact statement becomes vividly alive by being

LDS WORLD'S FAIR HOUSING CENTER reconstructed in the language of

Rego Park Branch 8569 60th Drive literature. First the matterof-fact

statement: Elmurst, New York 11373 Tel. OL 1-3540 My father, a mountaineer, not

IMPORTANT! - MUST MAKE RESERVATIONS EARLY

426 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

FOR THE

only had a hard, heavy fist but, in addition, was a very swift runner.

Unfortunately, however, he stammered in a northern dialect. IDEAL

Then the statement reshaped as poetry: "My father, he was a mountaineer,

His fist was a knotty hammer; FAMILY

He was quick on his feet as running deer And he spoke with a Yankee stammer."VACATION (From "The Ballad of William

Sycamore"by Stephen Vincent Benet. very though The illustration,. the COME TO is sufficientsimple, to show

dullness of the everyday way of saying things as contrasted with the memorableness of literature.

Ordinary essays, letters, conversations, even sermons tend to be B. Y. U.'S ASPEN GROVE FAMILY CAMP

heard and forgotten, whereas litera-

B.Y.U. the families participating Realizing together, importance the of Alumni and moveture lives on to delight

facility is designed the Association to us which vacation only has developed known of readers. generationsnew is just Latterday families. located for especially Saint Family The Grove Aspen Camp

(4) To teach skill in reading. seventeen miles from the B.Y.U. campus on the fircovered eastern slope of Mt. TimpaThere was a time when young nogos in the heart of Utah's Wasatch Range. A Aspen Grove can accommodate fifty

people could succeed in the world families each week. The rates fit any family budget. Only full week reservations are

accepted. to afternoon camping morning, extends from Saturday and week Saturday A ability to read and write,without

is this year's 21. season extends camping from Grove to August June 26 Aspen A in difficult this is increasinglybut the as of by operated Association service Alumni the a nonprofit Church and to members

our twentiethcentury environment. other guests who value L.D.S. standards.

We live in a literate society, and the boy or girl who cannot read The ASPEN GROVE PROGRAM combines with understanding and write with the healthy, wholesome advantages of outCHURCH GROUPS WELCOME skill is intellectually crippled. No doorcamping activities with the conveniFacilities of the camp may be

matter what occupation he chooses ences of comfortable accommodations and scheduled before and after he will almost surely fall behind, delicious homecooked meals. A Sleeping the regular camping season

and he is even handicapped in fillCABINS are furnished with a chest of for special group outings on ing his responsibilities in the prodrawers, electricity, and comfortable beds a week, halfweek or daily gram of the Church.—bunks for the children, a double for basis. For a perfect outing for

Therefore, anything that we as parents, and a limited number of cribs. the young people of your

their furnish Campers bedding these to teach help andparents own can do 7th June from or stake ward pillows. plumbing, Modern showers and is skills needed. urgentlybasic And Aufrom 26th to and June

clothes are convenientwashers as automatic together help! Reading canwe 6th, to September 21st gust

ly located the throughout camparea. his turn, taking each witha family, A Association. the write Alumni

B.Y.U.'s at BEST work Aspen Grove COOKS only teach to not wonderscan do

the fundamental ability to read but each summer and their familystyle meals also to open up the whole marvelare becoming legendary all over the West.

ous world of books. Mom deserves a vacation from cooking.

(5) To help bind the family to- A FISHING is good in nearby streams and gether. All of us know the emphasis reservoirs. Aspen Grove has a specially

now being placed in the Church on stocked fishing pond for children. A CHURCH

family unity. Many things can be SERVICES are conducted each Sunday by

done to strengthen family solithe Aspen Grove Branch Presidency in the darity, and not the least of these is camp's treetrimmed chapel area. A F ree

reading together. Poems, stories, MEDICAL CARE is provided by a fulltime

folk tales, fables—children love them resident physician in the camp. A WEEKLY

all, including the robust ideals RATES, including cabins, meals and the which form the heart of the classics. complete vacation program are the followMoreover, even as we parents can ing: adults and teenagers, $43.50 per

do much to help our children love week; children 3 through 12 years of age,

literature and form the glorious $29.50 per week; infants under 3 years of

habit of reading, so literature can age, $9.00 per week.

do much to help bind the family together and make the home the center of a growing child's world.

Information or Reservations: BYU Alumni House, Provo, Utah

Telephone 3741211, Ext. 2513

MAY 1963 427 ************ * Traveling for Art Appreciation (Continued from page 396)

toof detractors Shakespeare The Do Your even day to make seem somehow

streets of Stratford, visits the deShare less sense when one strolls the lightful little cottage where the bard grew up, and then feels the

Have some of the Free impact of his genius by watching

World's most important The Tempest in the Shakespeare

Memorial Theater on the banks of documents close at hand. the Avon.

The Constitution, the As we cross the channel into

United Nations Charter, France, the kaleidoscope of history the Bill of Rights. comes into focus at almost any spot

There are 40 of them where we might choose to stop.

for in instance, stand, Suppose we hall all together... great for the the castle of great ruined

school studies. of Chinon on the banks of the

Send $1.50 to Home Vienne River, overlooking the

Service Bureau, Salt Lake birthplace of Rabelais. This is

Tribune, U3 S. Main, Salt wherephin CharlesJoan of VIIArc foundafter weeksthe Dauof

Lake City, Utah. Available searching; since the death of his

for $1.00 at Tribune. father six years earlier, France had

been without a king, for Charles had lived in fear of the English and had not bothered to go through the formality of a coronation at Reims. ht Halt fykt The Maid of Orleans came to urge

him to be king and to ask for an army with which to repel the English. When Charles heard of her

coming, he hid himself among his courtiers; but, although she had

never seen him before, she walked B.Y.U. Student Housing straight to him and dropped to her

knees. "Mon Seigneur!"—"Qui?

Moi, madame?"And when one

realizes that, suddenly at the moSPARKS little this ment drama unfoldwas ROMAN GARDENS in ing castle 1428, the of Chinon 4 blocks to campus wasStatestwiceis today,as oldhistoryas theand Unitedhuman

Vi block to complete shopping center experience somehow assume a new 2 full bdths each apartment force.

fulllength mirrors Other castles in this playground large wardrobe closets ea. bd. rm. of French kings evoke other memocentral heating & air conditioning ries—Blois,Chambord, Amboise,Azayle-Rideau—eachChenonceaux, sound insulation—walls & ceiling one rich in the human experience

heated swim pool & center garden that is history and replete with the patio art that has been part of this experibuilt-in oven, range & garbage ence. As we visit them, we are

reminded, for instance, of the disposal powerful role played by another wallto-wall carpet woman, a foreigner, in the intrigue beautifully furnished in decorator that was French historv during the colors sixteenth century. Catherine de

weekly maid service—no extra charge Medicis, wife of one king and

mother of three others, came to

For information and reservations France, a frightened Italian girl, to be the queen of Henri II. French

LaVorn G. Sparks, Jr. history has not been kind to her,

and one wonders how many of the P.O. Box 48, Provo, Utah

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA atrocities attributed to her were merely the result of the resentment of her contemporaries. Was she the

instigating force behind the infamous Saint Barthelemy's massacre? What was the full story of

the assassination of the Due de

Guise? We stand in the luxurious

room of the Chateau de Blois where the murder took place and hear the victim's enemy, Henri III, remark laconically, "He's taller dead than he was alive."A visit to

the Chateau de Chenonceaux brings vividly to remembrance the hatred

Catherine felt for the favorite of her husband, for this castle, the jewel of the Loire, was maintained Inviting arched entrance for church that provides 7,250 square feet.

by Henri II as the residence of Warm, worshipful sanctuary for a congregation of 150.

Diane de Poitier until his death.

Then Catherine made some immediate changes.

The vanity of Henri II is nowhere better portrayed than in the vastness of the Chateau de Chambord. In order that he and his

courtiers might not miss the gaiety of the city too much, he had a city built on the roof of the castle, where they could wander about the streets and pretend that they were still in Paris.

Another Italian, Leonardo da Vinci, is purported to have made the plans for a large part of Chambord. Brought to France by Henri's

father, Francois I, Leonardo left many masterpieces in his adopted land and was buried in a small chapel adjacent to the Chateau

Loire. the overlookingd'Amboise

of This church was built for thinksOf course, when one seesLeonardo, he immediately the $5 per square foot with volunteer labor artist's great masterpiece "La

Joconde,"known to us as the Mona and Weyerhaeuser laminated arches*

Lisa, as she hangs on the wall in the Louvre in Paris. And the name

of Da Vinci also transports us immediately back to his homeland, Like to save the same kind of money where, the wall unpreon of an tentious in chapel stand on your new church? Milano, we

before the remains of one of his Then mail this coupon right away* most moving works, "The Last Supper."Damaged by mold and

moisture, covered over for many years by layers of paint and whiteMail to Weyerhaeuser Company, wash and having had a door cut Box B-106, Tacoma, Washington 98401.

through the middle of it, this paintPlease see that I get more information on costsaving church ing still offers one of the deep emoconstruction with Weyerhaeuser Laminated arches.

tional experiences of art. Name Title

to the however, We return, all art Church. this greatest ofLouvre,

museums, where the intertwining Address.

of people, beauty, egotism, intrigue City State continues in the treasures left to us by the talents of men. The detail in Weyerhaeuser /

Laminated Wood Products A MAY 1965 429.

the "Winged Victory,"the perfect glass windows. The gemlike quality

proportions of the "Venus de Milo,"of the rose windows of Notre Dame the dramatic moments in the life de Paris, Chartres, Reims, and the of Napoleon—all these attest to the panels of Sainte Chapelle, makes us

limitless potentiality of man, even wonder why modern man, with his though this latent greatness is advanced technology, still cannot sometimes perverted. In one of the reproduce this medieval richness.

vast rooms of the Louvre, for inOut of this never ending chain stance, we suddenly come face to reaction emerges the indomitable face with the Sun King, Louis XIV, spirit of man, struggling to find in the magnificent portrait painted himself, conquering and being conby Rigaud. Then we are immediquered, ever striving for selfately transported to Versailles, this expression with whatever means

monument to the vanity of one are at hand. How could this spirit

Prices man, beloved today by the French be better epitomized than in the are LOW for its artistry, but hated two cenwords of Hamlet: "What a piece of

in Idaho turies; go as a symbol of oppression work is a man! how noble in reason!

and all that was odious to them. how infinite in faculty! in form

Some 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple In man's efforts to know his God and moving how express and addesigns in white and latest parchments. and to worship him, the great mirable! in action how like an

Matching napkins, albums, Mormon other cathedrals of Europe vie with the angel! in apprehension how like a accessories. rush order service. One day

castles in magnificence. The art of god! the beauty of the world! the

these structures is no more vividly paragon of animals!"(Act 2,

represented than in their stained Scene ii.)

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.)

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440

Name -

Address they could "And when not come as Literature Bible The

City, Zone. State - for unto the press, they him (Continued from page 387) nigh

uncovered the roof where he was:

choices. Consider the realistic estiand when they had broken it up,

washing or mate of a person who, after rethey let down the bed wherein the

I drinking from counting the horrors of drinking, sick of the palsy lay.

DIRTY GLASSES concludes with the revealing line: "When Jesus saw their faith, he

"I will seek it yet again."said unto the sick of the palsy, Son,

BoCo's faucet fountain While the New Testament is so thy sins be forgiven thee."(Mark

is sanitary, safe, foolexplicitly focused that we do not 2:3-5.) proof.,. can be used

by a 3 year old child! find many of the literary devices What at first glance seems to be

that became familiar to us in the irrelevant detail in Mark turns out, send $5.95 Old Testament, the Gospels of Matafter a bit of study, to be rather imcheck or money order to thew, Mark, and Luke do offer an portant, for it gives an eyewitness

Sales BoCo is extraordinary to that flavor opportunity conprofoundly convinc- J So. 143 4th East in sider the effects of style 5:1820 preing. In as Luke such details Salt City, Lake Utah

senting what is essentially the same the number of people it took toJ material. In Mark, for instance, note carry the sick man and the fact that

TWO YEARS AT COLLEGE the almost heartbreakingly careful they had to break a hole in the

As a graduate from attempt to put in everything that roof are left out, but the dramatic "LD"grade with a 3.5 the author saw and heard concernnature of this unexpected meeting of point average

Accountin Marketing, ing, or ing Jesus. No detail is too small, no between the palsied man and Jesus Data Processing

point Secretarial irrelevant. Science, you skilfully the is Matthew, heightened. on Luke's

are eligible for a other hand, ability focuses teachon the the to let us identify with year scholarship at1

BYU, renewable for a ing he is hoping to get across. Congospel story is never more evident. second year if scholarship merits. For a catasider these parallel accounts of the If the literary skill with which

log write: following miracle: biblical concepts are presented to

Mr. L. B. Saunders "And, behold, they brought to us can only be hinted at through

LDS Business College him a man sick of the palsy, lying such excerpts, careful study will aid 411 E. So. Temple a on bed: seeing Jesus and their anyone in developing an awareness

Salt City, Lake Utah faith said the sick of unto the palsy; that to consider as literathe Bible

Son, be of good cheer; thy sins be ture is simply to recognize an extraMANNING MEADOW CAMP forgiven thee."(Matt. 9:2.) ordinary blending of content and

Horse Ranch supervision Col'ege 24 hours. "And they came unto him, bringexpression, perhaps the most efhas his Each person own horse.

Trips—Bryce Canyon—Fish Lake—ing one sick of the palsy, which was fective that the world has ever

Flat canyon—Etc. Swimming—borne of four. known. Fishing—Cookouts—Exploring—Rodeos

Etc.—L.D.S. Family operated. Write or phone

Marion Paxton, Monroe, Utah 5273877

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Polaroid Color Pack Camera.The Inspired Revision of the

Bible (Continued from page 405) Onehalf the Price!

upon this subject is found in conjust hoping—you more the Doctrine and Nonection with

shot 60 you what know seconds NOW $ 95 section This reveseven.Covenants,

lation in English is said to be "the after you take the picture! ONLY 59translated version of a record made

in parchment by John and hidden up by himself."(D&C 7, prefatory

note.) John would have written in

Aramaic or perhaps in Greek. At this

time in Joseph Smith's life, he could not read either of these languages.

The question might be asked whether the Prophet actually had the parchment written and hidden up by John or even a copy of it.

It would not be necessary for the

Prophet to have or to see John's parchment or a copy of it to be enabled to get the information it contained. It was the contents,

more than the document itself, that were important. Had he been given

the parchment, neither the Prophet

Joseph nor his scribe could have read it except through revelation. Polaroid has just introduced an economy model of the famous Color

It would have been as easy for Pack Camera. It's called Model 104.

the Lord to reveal the contents to film. electric fast big loading. eye. great Same Same Samethe as to give Prophet the Same him

in in just prints (black color seconds). white Yet 10 60 seconds and inspire thenparchment and him

it to bring for half Polaroid figured only has about to you a way it. either case, able to read Into be

the end result and the miraculous the price of the original model.

nature of the process are about the Pay nothing down... Only $1.00 a Week!

same. It would have to be given

"by the Spirit,"and the Prophet Come in, Phone or Order by Mail would have produced a "translated version."The language of Palestine in the days of Jesus was Aramaic. The

Sacred Autographs were written in that language or perhaps in

Greek. If Joseph Smith were to

give a literal restoration, it would demand that he give us a writing in one of these biblical languages, Salt Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 High'and Dr.

which was not the case, but, insofar Ogden: 2443 WashingtonIdaho Blvd.Falls: 446 Park AvenueProvo: 161 W. Center St.

as he completed his task, the conclusion forces itself that he gave us what amounts to a translated version of the original. It might have WYOMING BOYS'RANCH & HUNTING CENTER

been for this reason that the Prophet felt justified in calling the SUMMER CAMP FOR BOYS Big Game Hunts work an "inspired translation."The Ages 1217 Fishing Trips

important thing was the content, and in either case this would be Sessions Begin: June 15 by Registered Guide

the same. July 15 & Outfitter

of Dialogue. the manew Much

Information Further For Ranch Cool Country isterial of in the conversation form Home CookingLife Camping or Call Write ELK DEER -

Pleasant Fishing his disciples or Jesus andbetween

BOYS'Association Trips WYOMING Float - BEAR MOOSE Careful Direct Pharisees. Riding the HorsebackJesus and & RANCH

Supervision Hiking CENTER HUNTING questions involvingquotations and LAKE Activities Healthy Fossil STREAM & Hunts

LDS Standards Sports Team Director S. R. Dayton, exchanged. areanswers A sizeable Training Sports Water Work TROUT FISHING Box 288 this concerns Survival dialogue Travel Training Parkamount of

Fireside Evenings Hobbies Cokeville, Wyoming

Phone 2795220 Home Write for Brochure

WRITE FOR BROCHURE Phone 2795120 Ranch

MAY 1965 431 subject matter not found elsewhere in the Bible.

Throughout the Inspired Revision there are no identifying marks or codes to enable a reader to distinguish between the generally accepted text and the Prophet's additions. Were his additions intended only as personal explanations, and therefore not equal to

existing passages, the Prophet would be morally bound to so state; but to phrase the insertions

so as to make firstperson quotations from Jesus and other individuals is either rank dishonesty or is tantamount to a declaration that the new material is a restoration and, as such, is equal to any and all of the accompanying passages.

The Prophet Joseph Smith could hardly overlook such a weighty matter, for he had just previously had a vivid experience relative to the importance of distinguishing between that which is inspired of

God and that which comes from man. Certain men had questioned

the wording of some of the revelations contained in the Doctrine and

Covenants, thinking they could easily duplicate the language. One

William E. M'Lellin tried and failed

in attempt. such an Concerning Your kitchen stays THE BEST this in the event Prophet recorded

his journal: or Organs for Church Pianos & cleaner when you

"... William E. M'Lellin, as the of piano Home. Knabe—official wisest man, in his own estimation,

Metropolitan Opera. Allen Organs having more learning than sense,

—with solid state circuit. endeavored to write a commandment like unto one of the least of

it Lord's, the but failed; was an MUSIC SUMMERHAYS

to in responsibility write awful

City, Utah 3719 S. State, Salt Lake the name of the Lord. The EldersELECTRIC Phone 2621061 and all present witnessed this

of attempt to imitate a man Nothing is cleaner vain

Christ. of the language Jesus than a kilowatt—no ESPECIALLY FOR YOU! It is unlikely that the Prophet,..."';

products of combusLingerie with sleeves displayfresh from such an experience, ing the elegance of modesty. would then place numerous passages of dialogue in the Inspired

See Your Translation of the Bible, presentDealer. / as of the ing unJesus, them words

\ Write / that confident he was he was orCall l/i r LINGERIE less giving account, not accurate an 2511 So. West Kmple 4862359 trying to "imitate the language of SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84115

Testis Christ,"for he knew it was "an awful responsibility to write in the name of the Lord."

Literary style. It was noted

See the smart new earlier that whenever additions to to the sufficiently text are long electric range models cvv\v\flA style, a literary these determine JEWELRY CO.

at your dealer's now. 42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 seem to follow the style of their

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH respective books. Hence, the addiIf it's electric, it's better!

UTAH POWER & LIGHT COMPANY INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER

432 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tions themselves constitute several different styles.

While it is not impossible for

Joseph to have had more than one style, it would have been extremely difficult, and it is unlikely that the

Prophet would deliberately try to imitate each author. To duplicate

the styles of several authors, introduce new material, supplement other material, and blend it all into the body of the work so smoothly that unless one is thoroughly familiar with the text of the King James version he cannot detect it is no small task.

A restoration would be expected to conform to the styles of the respective authors, and such seems Is your church any place to skimp to be the case with the Inspired

Translation. on carpet quality?

In the King James version, Luke addresses his Gospel to one named "No!"say the architects who specify for And Gropoint's 19 colors make it adaptto stately decor. able of the so any new many Mormon

it beingTheophilus (Luke 1:3), carpet, buildings. they church Good is just of But one Gropoint many in this of only mentionthe man out, point saves sound, absorbs on mainbefits quality Bigelows whose Mormon Inspired thethat However, book. costs. of course, tenance improves And, are others, buildings. church There

Translation of Luke contains an appearance. cluding styles for every public building,innote personal veryadditional and Bigelow can customhome. has or surprisingly, Not Bigelow Gropoint every from Luke quoteto this man. We carpet. create the perfect done We've (above) gets the nod.

3:19 of the Inspired Translation: it since 1825.

allwool Longwearing Gropoint's you, unto "For it is well known

RUGS & CARPETS SINCE 1825 pile quiet. softens noise to a hushed the manner that afterTheophilus, loop Bigelow

of the Jews, and according to the custom of their law in receiving that out into the treasury,money re- A was whichof the abundance ceived, was appointed unto the discover cjou rself - - - discover facial care poor, every man his portion";

Inasmuch as Theophilus was You may very well amaze yourself (and him) probably a gentile, this interesting withdiscovervastlyZeiglerimprovedfacialfacialcare. contours, when you

comment by Luke is in explanation Zeigler is the modern facial unit which offers of certain Jewish customs. The very so much, it's almost too good to believe!

it) it (tests actually regular use, proved with friend Yet Luke's note to of thisnature signs visibly these of normal improved has it is addressedis significant because where to aging which most women, happen to Theophilus personally. If all that improvement was possible by this means, in:

the Prophet had wanted to do was * shapecontours!)of facial contours (by lifting sagging

explain a Jewish custom, he could prominence of fine lines and fine wrinkles!

have done it without inserting a * tightness of skin! * skin texture!

facial * general appearance 'complexion! to apersonal whom only man memo

contours!) (with youngeriooking

at inference, known. ByLuke had lotion, Zeigler a coverup, cream, care is not

least, one is led to believe that vibrator, or massage. It is a small unit which

the Prophet was restoring an actual gently exercisesW supportingstimulatesfacial musclescirculationand comment which Luke had made. in face and neck

There is also a lack of uniformity areas... and in this

in the changes made by the Prophet manymannercommoncan help so in various passages wherein a subaging problems.

ject is discussed in two or more places. This is not simply that the Zeigler care.,.

to it: devotedProphet did not complete the transthe enhancement

lation, for the lack of uniformity of beauty.

exists among passages that he did specialjjffer:

fall you'll are certain wecorrect, yet not change them "So he did it, willing we're with in love to let Zeigler Facial S. Western Ave. Care, 17810all alike. a natural This be would for Zeigler care use you California Dept. EMS, Gardena,

condition as a result of more than 30 days with full return privilege!

one author writing about the same Write today—we'll send nameor similar events. If all the changes completeThis offer information.is limited, by mail only. add ress Distributorships available; city write for details. state. zip MAY 1965 433

HAVE YOU SEEN

AMERICA FIRST? that the Prophet made were comnants section seventyfour was given

If not, this summer or fall would be an pletely uniform, it would tend to in explanation of 1 Corinthians ideal time to see the New York World's detract from the possibility of a 7:14; section seventysix was given

Fair, attend Broadway performances and restoration of the original, but concerning John 5:29; section

visits plusthe Hill Pageant, Cumorah to would not deny it. Were the eightysix explains Matthew 13:24history history pointschurch American and

of interest. Prophet only arranging the text to 30; and section seventyseven exhis to plans, plains Yet, Revelation. preconceived conform the book of

The following tours will encompass all this likely this information that all changes be not included was it would more:and

on a given subject would be very in the manuscript of the Inspired

History it Church similar. Translation even though was

Hill Tour Pageant Cumorah of given as a result time and at the An example of lack of uniformity (July 1) 23—August

is seen with regard to the subject of the work of translation. All of

American Colonial and of forgivable and unforgivable sins. these revelations are published

History L.D.S. Church Tour As presented in Matthew (12:20separately in the Doctrine and

18) (July 26August 27, Inspired Translation) the emCovenants. Evidently the Prophet

phasis is upon those persons who was mindful of the difference beArts Tour Theater (October 21) could not be forgiven. As presented tween material which was merely 12—October

in Mark "certain men"came to explanatory, though inspired, and details regardingFor complete any of these Jesus to "accuse him,"asking why, that which rightly belonged in the thisthree handy clipout. tours, send

if he is the Son of God, does he biblical text itself. Such circumTO: "receive sinners."(Mark 3:2124, stances are favorable towards a

B.Y.U. TRAVEL STUDY Inspired Translation.) In his reply restoration.

PROVO, UTAH Please send the itineraries for the tours Jesus emphasized those who can be The titles of the four Gospels.

I have checked: forgiven. This is just the opposite The King James version gives the

Church History—Hill Cumorah Pageant Tour of that which is stressed in Mattitles of each of the Gospels as

American Colonial and L.D.S. Church History thew. But, of course, from the In- "The Gospel according to"and Tour

Theater Arts Tour spired Translation it is seen that and then names the respective

My name is these were two different occasions. authors, St. Matthew, St. Mark, etc.

This fine distinction is not made These titles are the work of transMy address is by the King James version. lators and transcribers through the

Luke describes still another situacenturies. Steinmueller suggests

City State tion. The "disciples... had spoken that these titles were not on the

evil against him [Jesus] before the original Autographs but were

BONUS BOOK people;confess himfor theybeforeweremen."afraid(Luketo placedand thattherebeforein the thatsecondtimecentury,each

Jr. Ed. GUIDE, OF STUDY BOOK MORMON of its Translation. Inspired 12:10, Gospel merely There bore the name

$1.50 Ricks Eldinby

is this identifying author, of in event except record with no a few FREEor 7 of the following: one of anywith the purchase in the words. the indirect given manner

ONE FOLD AND ONE SHEPHERD Inspired Translation.) Jesus began Joseph the Prophet changed the

by Thomas Stuart Ferguson $4.95 a discourse to the multitude on titles to read: "The Testimony of"

CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING the subject of forgiveness. Being St. Matthew, or St. Mark, etc. Cerby Beverly Romney Cutler, cloth $1.95 worried because of their sin, the tainly to label a document as "The

CASE OF THE BOOK OF MORMON WITNESSES disciples feared, saying among Testimony of"is a more direct afby Eldin Ricks $1.50 themselves, "... he speaketh to our firmation of authorship than to

OLYMPUS PUBLISHING CO. condemnation, and we shall not be say, "The Gospel according to."The

Sugar House 6137, Box Station forgiven."(Luke 12:11.) Knowing real significance, however, is much City, Salt Utah 84106 Lake

their hearts, Jesus explained that deeper.

"Whosoever shall speak against the The Prophet added fiftyfive

Son of Man, and repenteth, it shall verses to the book of Matthew and be forgiven him;..."( Ibid., 12: 12. altered over five hundred others,

disciples material. the doubt, mostly Without by adding new when He DECALS AUTO sin their to the title learned that in the was then changed read: "The Identify yourself in your community

as you travel. forgivable category, it was a cause Testimony of St. Matthew."To

GOLD & GREEN of rejoicing among them. alter more than fifty percent of the

Available at Church Bookstores The evidence would indicate that book of Matthew and increase its or send check/money order to each gospel writer was recording a volume by something like ten perinteresting different original cent emphasize and then event. These LUCiLE'S CERAMICS

that that this of information so illusauthorship new, by saying Provo, Utah bits P.O. Box "P"

50c each postpaid trate and illumine our Savior's disexpanded version is "Matthew's

Bishops, Quorum Presidents, etc. courses are found only in the InTestimony"is the strongest sugWrite for quantity discounts spired Translation. gestion that the Inspired TranslaSubject matter. As a result of the tion was to be accepted as a corLOCATED ON A CATTLE RANCH translation of the New Testament, rected and restored account of the

in the high mountain valleys of much information of an explanatory original.

Utah. Horses rifles, plus and.22

fishing, ronature was given to the Prophet; Similar argument can be made trapping, swimming,

deos, pack trips, etc. Coed. Operfor example. Doctrine and Covefor each of the Gospels. Such eviated by four returned missionaries,

three of whom are graduates of

B.Y.U. 24 boy/girl capacity.

12202 Loma Drive, Whittier, Calif.

434 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dence seems extremely favorable inspired correction of a goodly porvalue any biblical manuscript toward a conclusion that Joseph tion of the Bible. known to be in circulation today.

Smith, the one man who knew the This is the time of restitution of In either event it stands as a monufacts of the matter better than any all things. Many who regard Joseph ment to the knowledge, spiritual

mortal, regarded his work to be a Smith as the Prophet of the restorainsight, and inspiration of the revealed restoration of the text of tion have been content to limit Prophet and as a challenge to the the Bible. that consideration to matters of world.

Consequences. An uninspired priesthood, church organization, The writer believes there is

man would have to be something and doctrine, and have failed to ample evidence from the text itof an ultra literary genius to work consider that the Prophet also enself and from the attitude of the the gospel principles in such a gaged in the restoration of ancient Prophet and his associates concasual way into the events recorded scripture. Among his works in recerning it to substantiate a claim

in the Bible and throughout it all stored scripture we find the Book that the work is an inspired translato preserve each author's style. This of Mormon, the Book of Abraham, tion, setting forth the original

was no careless nor roughhewn and the seventh section of the meanings.

attempt. The textual changes were Doctrine and Covenants from the We may well look forward with

planned and deliberate. Even to writings of John. Would it not also expectation to the day when, in the

the minutest detail, there is much be thought that a prophet of God wisdom of the Lord, we shall be that favors and bears internal and would restore missing selections given the work in its entirety, at external appearance of a restored from the Bible? which time this phase of the mistext. Joseph Smith's mission is ension of the Prophet Joseph Smith

Joseph Smith as a restorer. The hanced by a recognition of his full will be duly accorded.

work of a prophet speaks for itself. achievement. It would hardly be

Often things spiritual cannot be proper to deny the full accomplishREFERENCES proved by tangible evidence at first ment of his labors. Even if viewed

—nor can there be anything to disonly as commentary material, the paragraphsLectures 5 onandFaith,21. Lecture Second,

prove them—but time bears them Inspired Translation is unique and 2JD 15 263.

out. The writer believes that familibecomes a valuable aid in the study 6Ibid., 15, 247, 249, 263; 1, 5657.

arity with the full text of the of the Bible. However, if accepted [DEC, 7, 260.

Era, 21, 725. ImprovementInspired Translation develops a con-—insofar as completed—as a resEThe

1, 226. eDHC,

vincing impression that the Prophet toration of the original text, the InTJohn E. Steinmueller, A Companion to

made a revealed restoration and an spired Translation could surpass in Scripture Studies, 3, 3435.

MAY 1965 435 Restoration to be commemorated In the quiet wilderness of the Susquehanna River in the early summer of 1829, Peter, James, and John, sent from heaven, ordained Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery to the Melchizedek Priesthood. There

can be no question that other things were said at that historic meeting, but that this one act has great importance to all of us there is no doubt.

From this priesthood come the various offices under which the work of the Church is done, from elder to Apostle.

By its authority a man presides over his own home and his wife and children. By its

power and authority righteous men will fulfil the purposes of the Lord God concerning this earth. It is the Holy Priesthood, after the Order of the

Son of God, but rather than indulge in repetition of his holy name, it is given the name of Melchizedek, a most righteous high priest living in the days of Abraham. To

this great leader Abram (Abraham) paid tithes.

On Sunday, June 20, the restoration of the Melchizedek

Priesthood will be celebrated throughout the Church.

436 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

OFFICE OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

Salt Lake City h,Utah

TO PRESIDENTS OF STAKES, BISHOPS OF WARDS, AND PRESIDENTS OF MISSIONS

Dear Brethren:

Sunday, June 20, has been designated by the First Presidency and the Council of the Twelve for commemoration of the restoration of the Melchizedek Priesthood.

With emphasis now being placed on the Family Home Evening, it is suggested that talks be given by members of a particular family, or of various families, in the ward or branch along the following lines:

1. Son (a priest where possible)—The source of my father's priesthood (indicating line of authority) and

my testimony of the priesthood (5-8 minutes).

2. Daughter—The effect of my father's priesthood in our home, and why I hope my companion will be a

man who honors the priesthood (5-8 minutes).

3. Mother—My testimony of how the Family Home Evening has strengthened the spirituality of our home

(1015 minutes).

4. Father—My responsibilities to my family as a holder of the Melchizedek Priesthood (15 minutes).

Appropriate songs, prayers, etc., should also be provided to complete a worship service worthy of the occasion.

The regular Sacrament meeting should be used to present this program. Each stake and mission president is asked

to contact each of his ward bishops or branch presidents and quorum presidencies and encourage them to lend their services to make this program successful. We suggest that the mission presidents adapt the program as

necessary to fit the situation in individual branches of the missions.

In the stakes where quarterly conferences are to be held on June 20, it will be necessary to hold the Priesthood

Restoration Service on another Sunday, unless Sacrament meeting is held on the night of conference.

Sincerely your brethren,

MAY 1965 437 SHERMAN C. SMITH, 17, son of Earlier in my life I gave very little thought to the

Mr. and Mrs. Wilford E. Smith of future, and this has made it even harder to get started

Provo, Utah, has achieved well physiin planting the seeds of progress. I also think that if

cally, intellectually, and spiritually.

He played on a Western Boys Baseball I had kept putting off my "beginning"toward success, allstar team which won second place I would never reach these goals. It seems that I have

in the national tournament, He has now got off to a fairly good start, and by keeping played high school football and been going, I will be able to have those things planned for.

on the wrestling squad. He was a

member of Kahukau High School Some things are very much day to day, so that what chapter of National Honor Society we do today will show its results tomorrow. Other

during a school year in Hawaii and things are almost momentary, for often a courteous average. anmaintains A

is priest a in Oak Hills First action or a kind remark will bring immediate andSherman

Ward, East Sharon Stake where he pleasant response from the benefactor. Still other

has always qualified for Aaronic Priestthings, such as gaining a useful education or serving hood individual achievement awards. BY SHERMAN C. SMITH the Lord on a mission, may take years to produce

noticeable results. The bad things which one may do

will also have various types of rewards, both immediate and long term. Consequently, without boasting any

I think that it is very important to remember that particular goodness in myself, I have tried to make a seed can't grow unless it is planted, and I can't obtain it a point in my life to work for those good things the things which I desire unless I get to work now. which will surely bring lasting happiness.

I am a member of our high school basketball team.

While we are still in the dressing room before every game, we all gather around, and the coach asks one of us to pray. Of course, we do not pray to win but

generally ask that no one will get injured and that we will be good sports and that we will do our best.

I am glad that our coach has realized the importance

BY CRAIG PAUL THOMAS of prayer and has us do this before every game because I feel that we need the help of God everyCRAIG PAUL THOMAS is the oldest where, whether it is in an athletic contest, giving a son of M. Paul and Connie Thomas. talk, or with a problem we may have, or anything else.

He was born March 25, 1948, in I have a threeyear-old brother who is still learning

Preston, Idaho, and has lived there to talk. Although he probably doesn't yet know what

all his life. He is a member of the

Preston Fourth Ward, Oneida Stake. it means or what he is doing, he wants to be the one

He is an Eagle Scout and has five who blesses the food whenever we sit up to eat. One

individual Aaronic Priesthood Achieveof my parents leads him through the prayer. I believe

ment Certificates. He is a priest and that when we are young is the best time to> learn to

a mission. going on on plans

He pray. My mother taught me to say my prayers for as his hobbies and accordionplays the

are listening to music and playing long as I can remember. I can still remember when I

all kinds of sports. was a young lad, she would say a phrase, and then

438 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA zn

In setting my goals, I have tried to remember these Sacrament meeting, and at home, the standard works things, so I have decided not to settle for anything but contain many great things that have and will help in the best I can get. I want to go into the field of engisetting my standards for life and plans for the future.

neering or science, so I have decided to do my very I do believe that it is my duty to live as the scriptures best in school in order to qualify for these rewards. teach and to avoid doing those things which they warn

Since this order of rewards is true in both temporal and against.

spiritual affairs, I also want to try to do my best to These facts which I do believe have not just apqualify for eternal salvation. I haven't been mindful peared to me in thin air but have come through

of many spiritual things during most of my life, and it thoughtful help and guidance from my parents and has only been in the past few years that I have really teachers. The Church itself does all it can to make

become aware of the need to set my goals high in people, especially youth, aware of the circumstances the spiritual things of life. To be active in the Church of life. I am grateful that I have been made aware of

later in life, I must live a clean life and be obedient these things, and that in them I have found a great to the commandments of God today and not just later key to the future. I also am thankful for the fact that,

on when I am older. Therefore, I have decided to as a Latterday Saint, I am entitled to the gift of the

live worthy of going on a mission and actually to Holy Ghost. God has put us here to live our lives to

serve on a mission for the Lord when I am old enough the fullest, being obedient to his word and ways of to be called. life. I am aware that we live as eternal beings with

I have found that, aside from the teaching I have God only if we set our spiritual goals high enough and received in seminary, Sunday School, priesthood, and then attain them.

I'd repeat it. I am thankful that she has taken the care in life, and with God's much greater knowledge, he

and patience to teach me to pray. surely can help us make a wiser choice. Two important

Every morning we have family prayer in our home. decisions that I will soon have to make are: what I

I believe that this helps to draw us closer together and am going to do in life, and whom I shall marry. My

make us more into a unit as we should be, besides decision on these questions will affect the rest of my giving us the blessings we receive from our Lord. life. If I ask for God's help in making these decisions,

Recently my grandfather was hospitalized with a I will be more sure that I have made the right ones.

serious illness. Everyone in our family prayed for him All of my life I have looked forward to going on a

to recover. He got better in just a short time. Skeptics mission. I am sure that I will use and need help from

might call it just a coincidence, but I certainly believe God during this part of my life more than I ever have that his recovery was helped by our praying for him. before. This is why I think that prayer is the most

We need all the help we can get with all the temptaimportant tool of a missionary. I have heard returned

tion there is around us. Prayer enters into this, too, missionaries tell of times, while they were preaching,

because with God's help it is easier to meet these they have said things that they were not aware they temptations and overcome them. Every night when I knew. Just think how praying helped them.

say my prayers, I ask God to help me to meet these When I was a little boy, I couldn't imagine how temptations and win the daily battle with Satan. our Heavenly Father could possibly listen to every-

I believe that God will help us with our personal one's prayers at the same time and still answer them.

problems if we pray to him about them. I know that But now I have grown to realize that with God everythere are many important decisions that we must make thing is possible, and that he answers our prayers.

MAY 1965 439 Mothers are just girls with great deal for a young beginning mother to live up to;

added experience. Perhaps that it is difficult even for a mother of men and women

is hard for sons and daughters to to achieve. It's a humbling thing to be a mother.

believe. They'd be smart though President Woodrow Wilson proclaimed a day to be

if they would experiment with set aside for mothers as a public expression of the love this idea, if they would try and reverence this country holds for mothers. But it

mother out and ask her for her goes back even further to ancient mythology. At that

opinion, listen to what she has time a yearly spring festival was dedicated to Rhea, to say, then do as she suggests. the mother of the gods. Later there was in England

Mother just might be right far oftener than they would expect. We love our mothers even more as

we realize that they have traveled the paths we are now climbing. They have had the same thoughts, the

same fears, the same joys, the same disappointments, the same temptations their children are experiencing.

They know the way—use their experience.

A girl is likely to grow up to be a great deal like her mother. I heard a man once tell a roomful of

boys not to choose "The Girl"until they had met her mother.

A mother can have enormous power in this world.

If she is strong and loving and fair and understanding, she can wield a mighty influence. It is the mother

who sets the standard of the home. She is the one

who, by her thoughts and actions, decides whether culture, good manners, high ideals, and great ambitions will be at home under her roof. The first day

of her marriage is the beginning of all this. She must

be strong yet gentle, courageous yet humble, gay yet deep, kind yet steadfast. The word "mother"is beautiful. It is a wonderful thing to be a woman; all life

begins with her. The birth of a child is just the

beginning of being a mother; it is the guiding, the

teaching, the loving from that day forward that really counts.

To be a mother takes time. It is a constant twentyfour hour a day job—twentyfour hours a day of teaching and guiding by example and also by word, and

of knowing where your children are and whom they are with at all times—twentyfour hours a day of

planning, working, and lighting the way. During this

time we should not live for our children but just guide them to live for themselves. It isn't easy to be a

mother, but when an adult son or daughter looks you in the eye and says, "The growing up with you was wonderful,"the bill is paid in full, that is, if the child has grown up to be strong in body, mind, and spirit.

Lincoln said, "All that I am or hope to be, I owe to my angel mother."From Proverbs we read, "Her

children arise up, and call her blessed; her husband

also, and he praiseth her."And William R. Wallace

back in the 1800's claimed that "the hand that rocks the cradle is the hand that rules the world."What a

what was called a "Mothering Sunday,"a time set carried out in church. Gifts have been added until last

aside to visit mothers. The eldest son would bring a year millions of dollars were spent on presents. Let's

special present, "a mothering cake,"which would be revert to the principles of "Mothering Sunday"and cut and shared by the family. On "Mothering Sunday"stress family oneness and love for one's mother.

it was expected that the sons and daughters would take care of all the household duties and prepare the MOTHER'S DAY DINNER READY ON SATURDAY special dinner so that mother could attend church.

Anna M. Jarvis started this Mother's Day tradition This menu can be prepared almost completely on

in America. She planned for it to consist of a program Saturday and ready to (Continued on following page)

MothersAre Girls TODAY'S FAMILY/ FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

MAY 1965 Eleven models, 80cc to 300cc, all 4-cycle engines, Todays Family prices as low as $339. (Continued from preceding page)

serve in 30 minutes on Mother's Day.

The different dishes are colorful, delicious, nourishing, and will make a gala dinner for this special day.

Sunny Cocktail

Beef Roulades Tiny New Potatoes

Seasoned Broccoli

Lettuce wedges served, with Green Onion Dressing

Airy Light Casserole Bread

Praline Balls

Sunny Cocktail

Gilera Motorcycles 31 6-ouncecups apricotcan nectarfrozen grapefruit

flavoring Vz teaspoon orange the grapefruit to the water now available in U. S Addconcentrate

concentrate according to directions on the can. Combine with the other

ingredients and chill in a covered container in the refrigerator overnight. This juice is attractive served

in a fragile sherbet glass. Add

After 56 years of European supremacy (Gilera is number one cheese crackers on the side of the over there) you can now buy the 4-stroke Gilera on our shores. plate to be eaten as the juice is

sipped.

Precisioncrafted, Gilera is perfect for our midcontinent climate and budgetpriced for economy and sportsminded people. Beef Roulades (6 servings)

There are a few valuable franchises available in your area.

2 pounds thinly sliced round steak

Any person with a willingness to work and a small investment 2 cups sage dressing can earn $20,000, $30,000 or more each year. No previous or

experience is necessary and we will back you up with an aggres- 2 cups packaged herbseasoned stuffing sive, effective advertising plan. Write, wire or phone 3 tablespoons butter or margarine

1 can cream of mushroom soup Vz cup milk

Cut the steak into 6 pieces, 5x2 inches. Pound with meat hammer or GILERA/USA saucer. Prepare stuffing as directed.

750 Long Beach Blvd., Long Beach, Calif., Phone: HE 5-3485 Place Va cup in each piece of steak;

roll up; tie with heavy, white

thread. Brown in the shortening.

Mix the soup and milk and pour over the meat. Cover. Simmer in a

Lamont Nibarger 325 degree F. oven for V/z hours

President or until tender. Stir now and then,

Gilera/ USA and add a tiny bit more milk if necessary. Store in the refrigerator

As LDS Officers of overnight and heat carefully before Gilera/USA,

We Welcome Dealer serving. Be sure the beef rolls are

Inquiries heated through. Do not let the

sauce catch on the bottom of the

Howard Cox VicePresident Gilera/USA

442 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pan. Clip the thread and remove. Airy Light Casserole Bread Wonder what

Serve piping hot with the sauce. to serve

1 package dry yeast Tiny new potatoes taste even V4 cup warm water when you have fresher if 2 or 3 sprigs of are 1 mint cup creamed cottage cheese, friends in? the cooking. Scrape heatedadded while or lukewarm

potatoes and store in a covered pan 2 tablespoons sugar ready to be cooked Sunday. When 1 tablespoon minced onion

they are tender, drain and add V4 1 tablespoon butter cup of melted butter and a dash of 2 teaspoons dill seed paprika. Serve hot. or

2 teaspoons caraway seed Seasoned Broccoli (serves 6 to 8) 1 teaspoon salt

V4 teaspoon soda 2V2 pounds fresh broccoli 1 unbeaten egg

Mi oil cooking cup 2V4 to 2V2 cups flour Why not 1 clove garlic, peeled and mashed 1 small onion, minced Soften the yeast in the warm tryPostum?

V3 teaspoon chili powder water. Combine in mixing bowl the

3 tablespoons water cottage cheese, sugar, onion, butter, 1V2 teaspoons salt dill or caraway seed, salt, soda, egg, and softened yeast. Add the flour to

Wash the broccoli carefully. Trim form a stiff dough, beating well

the stalks. Remove the coarse after each addition. Cover. Let rise

leaves. Cut flowerets and stalks into in a warm place until light and

large pieces. doubled in bulk, about one hour.

Heat the oil and add garlic, Stir down the dough. Turn into a

onion, and chili powder. Stir and wellgreased 8-inch round casseheat until the onion is soft. Remove role. Let rise in warm place until

and discard the garlic. Add the light, about 30 or 40 minutes. Bake

broccoli, water, and salt. Cover at 350 degrees F. for 40 to 50 mintightly and cook for about 15 minutes until golden brown. Brush

utes until tender. Serve. with soft butter and sprinkle with

salt. Makes 1 round loaf. It is

The salad is a simple one, just just as good served cold as hot, and crisp head lettuce cut into wedges it cuts much better. So get to work

and served with either green onion and make and bake it on Saturday.

dressing or with a quick bleu cheese dressing.

Praline Balls (makes 6 servings)

Green Onion Salad Dressing 1 quart vanilla ice cream V2 cup undiluted evaporated milk 1 cup toasted slivered almonds or

V2 cup salad oil pecans 3 tablespoons cider vinegar 1 teaspoon salt Praline Sauce Flavorful, hearty Postum 1 teaspoon sugar just naturally encourages

V2 teaspoon dry mustard 2 cups light cream good talk among friends.

Y4 teaspoon coarsely ground V\ cup butter Made with pure, pepper IV2 cups lightbrown sugar energyfood ingredients 3 tablespoons finely chopped ten- 2 tablespoons dark corn syrup and no caffein, der green onion stems Postum gives you a natural lift.

Scoop out 6 large balls of ice cream. You can drink all you like.

Put all ingredients into a pint jar. Roll each ball in toasted almonds If you haven't tried

Cover with lid and shake thoroughand place on tray in freezer to ly. Let chill in refrigerator overharden. To make sauce, combine Instant Postum lately,

night. Shake and spoon onto lettuce the sauce ingredients and cook over you're missing a satisfying,

just before serving. very low heat, stirring constantly bracing drink.

until mixture is smooth and slightly You'll enjoy its natural lift.

We are indebted to the Dairy thickened. Cool, stirring frequently. The Natural Lift

Council of Utah for this delicious Serve over the almond balls in airy casserole bread recipe. You sherbet dishes. The sauce can also Send name and address

will be delighted with its fine be made Saturday and stored forfree Postum recipes to:

moist texture and its dill flavor. covered until Sunday. Postum Recipes,

Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

MAY 1965 443 BLACK & WHITE Since Cumorah their doctrines and ordinances they ashamed because were (Continued from page 407) secret HWll# 8 exposure roll this that they note of them;

DEVELOPED & PRINTED tell you in darkness, that speak ye only causes misunderstandingsecrecyand

IN SIZE JUMBO light,"a plainly refers in to such the worst suspicions arouses and 12 exposures 504 20 exposures $1.00 that preaching. Granted double the do wildest speculations—why exposures 36.50 $1

is nocase by clinging to it?82 It is sigCOLOR FILM fromsome thethingshousetops,are to betherepreached Christians insist on spoiling their

where even the vaguest indication nificant that the Christians never DEVELOPING that all things are to be so broaddeny this secrecy, but defend them- 8-ExposureKODACOLORRoll per cast, as the Catholic scholars now selves by replying that other reDev. and Printing $2.55 roll maintain. Such a concept would be ligions and even the schools of

Roll 12Exposure per Dev. and Printing $3.00 ro || contrary to the basic principle that philosophy all have their secrets,

Color Reprints..... 20 <teach to those who have, more will be and, as is well known they were

to the progiven (Matt. 13:12) and suffer to death rather willing even SLIDES COLOR

Color Slides 135 mm per 83 of gressive that steps enlightenment it. than betray exp., Dev. 20 and Mount...$1.35 79 roll are 1 teaching. basic Christian in the Color Slides 35 per mm continued) be (To

36 exp., Dev. and Mount... $2.40 roll "We believe,"wrote Tertullian, FOOTNOTES Color Movie per

8 mm, 25'Roll $1.35 roll "that the Apostles were ignorant of Discussed in The Improvement Era,

nothing, but that they did not 6867Irenaeus,(1965), p.adversus37ff. Haereses, III, iv,

cf. 885-9 7:855; Patrologia Qraeca they transmit everything and in knew,GENEALOGY PHOTOS for dealRules for his arguments. feeble

willing to everyreveal of OLD were not NEGATIVES MADE set teachings were ing arcane with

PHOTOS, 604 each. PRINTS thing to everybody. They did not by Innocent III, in Patrologia Latinaforth

of NEGATIVE, 54 each 214:696. nor promiscupreach everywhere that until about not It 400 was AD coin Send C.O.D.'s only—no

. all discredit. to church, the of the doctors thing taught ously one. but MoneyBack Guarantee to the secret teachings, gave word

of Christ in public nature about the according meaning, a "Apocrypha"bad

N. T. Apocryphen, things to another W. Schneemelcher, and in secret: someSAM'S PHOTO LAB I, 5.P.O. Box 1 1 15 Dept. Utah AA Salt Lake City, the resurrection about they taught II, 70, in 09Origen, Contra Celsum,

to everyone, but some things they Patrologia Graeca 11:905.

VIDA FOX CLAWSON taught only to a few."80 4, T0Iohnin PatrologiaChrysostom,GraecaHomily60:19,ongivesActs anI,

TRAVEL SERVICE There is a type of secrecy which amazing explanation for it, which was 216 So. 13th East Salt Lake City, Utah the churchmen condone and pracofficiallye.g., Oecumenius,adopted Commentby other churchmen,on Acts, I,

Announces Patrologia 118:45. Graeca tise. It is of that air mystery and 3, 71in

Scripturae Sacrae Cursus P. Migne, World's YorkOur Fair YOUTH J. New TOUR

St. aloofness Augustine which 21:823-4. (Paris, Join)(Parents deCompletus 1840) Departing on Mon. June May

21st $289.00 scribes as such an important part of 72A. Schweitzer, Geshichte der LebenHill Fair World'sOur and CumoNew York

Sat. 24th higher education in his day. 81 Paul jesuZeitschriftForschung,filr NewI, 396.TestamenteC. A. Bugge,Wissenin Tour July Departs onrah Pageant

and includes Sharon, Vermont $355.00 of Samosata and Simon Magus are schaft 7 (1906), p. 97, says we cannot

toursBoth will of the supervithese under be sion of versed Leaders that are well in both classical examples of schoolmen evensianic besecretsure orwhethernot. there was a Meschurch history. American and in Mysteries The Manasce, de So J. their prestige, to seeking heighten

includes Tour, that both TempleOur OakYork, Series XXX, 2, [New island Temples Hawaiian and and a Gemthe general public, the overawe ibid., 139f, Rahner, H. and pp. beguile 1955]),(Bollingenincludes transportation Salt City Lake and from

return, mealssome hotels,—sightseeingAll for just—$369.00.entertainment and and intrigue the youth, silence critipp."'Gospel357ff. of Thomas 87:1012.

cism, the insolent, abash the Tour and atWorldOur Around "'Testament Lord Jesus Christ, of Our latter part the of AugustIs VeryandSpecialincludes—

xviii. p. (ed. Rahmani), tract an audience Fair! and a following World's YorkTheIt leavesNew

4446. 14:6f, Ezra 7B4 in business since been haveRemember: We of recultivating atmosphere an by S. Chrysostom, De laudibus 77John in Best the1933 Travel With West The—in Patrologia Graeca Pauli, V, Homil condite, learning even supernatural, shall gladly on programs send youUs! We 50:500.

request. T8 of lofty superiority an attitude and fiir die Verheissung Jesu Jeremias, J.

to the ignorant masses. This is still Volker (Stuttgart, 1956), 15f, 61f.

RETURNED the secret of success in most graducipleIohnof reciprocity—God1:5, 1012 illustratesgives theonlyprinas

ate schools throughout the land. man receives.

c. praesriptionibus, Tertullian, MISSIONARIES De the kind of secrecy not But this was

25f.81 SPECIAL I, 3. Confessions, St. Augustine, Christians, MISSIONARY practised the a thing by

is in fullest discussion Minucius S2The PRICE the learned which men of cf. P. 8-11; Octavius, their day Felix, C. Tacipp. - CREDIT TERMS - Epistle tus, Pliny, to History, 44; XV, not understand. simply could

Trajan, Contra Origen, X, 34; Celsum, Your Diamond On from DAYNES like Caecilius, Learned Romans I, 1, Iff. - FIRST UTAH'S JEWELERS - I, cit., in op. 7, 12, 14, 8:!Origen, Pliny, Tacitus Celsus, were and

Since 1862 685f. Patrologia Graeca 11:667, 677,

'That Buyer Gains Who Deals With Daynes"convinced that the Christians kept Tatian, Adv. Graecos, c. 27.

DAYNES JEWELRY CO.

120 SO. MAIN ST. - SALT LAKE CITY

444 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Church Moves On (Continued from page 374)

as president of Taber (Alberta,

Canada ) Stake with Elders Alma R.

Baker and Kenneth P. Anderson as

counselors. They succeed President

Ray B. Evanson and his counselors

Elders James H. Tanner, Jr., and

Keith E. Francis. The retiring President Evanson has been called as

president of the Southern States

Mission.

The annual allchurch M Men basketball tournaments began today in Salt Lake City: Deseret

Gym, East Millcreek, LibertyWells, and Park stake centers for the seniors; Deseret Gym, Harold

B. Lee Hall, Riverside, and Rose

Park gyms for the juniors. Yesterday UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY

a traditional early Sabbath morning LOGAN, UTAH devotional for participants of the tournament was held in the Salt IgHBSJI

Lake Tabernacle, where President

N. Eldon Tanner addressed them.

In all, sixtyfour teams began thirtytwo games this afternoon. Enjoy the Convenience of a

Elder Richard L. Evans of the

Council of the Twelve reDowntown Location ceived the Utah "Outstanding Salesman of the Year"award at the JUST STEPS TO THE BUSINESS, ENTERTAINMENT eighth annual award dinner of the AND SHOPPING DISTRICT - SAVING YOU TIME

Sales ExecuUtah and Marketing AND TRAFFIC. RELAX IN THE COMFORT OF ATtives, in Inc. "This award is made

recognition of his outstanding TRACTIVE SURROUNDINGS. 330 LUXURIOUS

record as a salesman of ideas for the ROOMS AND RESTAURANT. FOR RESERVATIONS

betterment of the community, the TELEPHONE 3636781 (801).

state, and the nation,"said Arthur

S. Anderson, who made the presenMAIN STREET AT FIFTH SOUTH

tation. "As an author, script writer, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

and nationally renowned speaker,

Richard L. Evans has been a promoter of freedom, justice, good will,

and brotherhood among people all over the globe."North Thirtythird Ward of Salt CoveysLake City won the allchurch senior 'NEW AMERICA MOTEL

basketball tournament by defeating

Mesa (Arizona) Fifteenth, 7863.

BYU Sixteenth placed third, followed by Lakeview, Logan Square, and Santa Susana. The sportsmanship award was given to Logan

of NorthSquare, Paul Grant and SIZE: 20 X3o", GREEN, GOLD, player. valuable the most33rd was HOME fAnms* e /ORAWGE(, OR ow FABRIC PANELSniuCl of Utah, Ogden, Highland Ward

won the allchurch junior basketCORK 4 SLATE AREAS ball tournament with their 5635 HAROWOOO FRAME

California.score over Downey, Mar iBUUeTTKTl MOUNTS IN ANY POSITION third, followed placedVista by

Fourth. Tustin,Ferron, and Roy [board! the sportsmanship receivedTustin ttederet COM Book

SO. Francis P ATAN 44 EAST MALLtrophy, Flack TEMPLE of Mar and CITYCOTTONWOOD ANDLAKE

BLVD..BLVD.. WASHINGTONWASHINGTONSALT player. valuable SLVista most was J I V QC ||l'] ST... 7 CALIFORNIAOGDENOGDEN M722412SO.MAIN ORANGE,

SHIPPED FREIGHT COLLECT lOLBS.

BY: DECORRITE-PANEL US E. BRIARMEADOW MURRAY, UT.

MAY 1965 44 5 FOR M, "Fathers day These Times scheduled for the family. The

GIVE HIM A (Continued from page 372) family was trying to get along with unscheduled time. And in many

life. there families is never any unBlacks, Decker family

time. scheduled want to know what is ex- 6. "We

LAWN EDGER & requestingpected of us,"a bettersaid thedefinitionstudents,of to Now,encouragein 1965,all parents,comes theall Churchhomes, aAs

ittrimmer TRIMMER homeThe duties.fundamental issue in LDS toweekschedule,for theto dedicatemost importantone nightoraneatly cuts

grass and Model U176 homes, we then suggested, was ganization to which any of us will weeds along probably not lack of desire, attiever belong, home and family.

fences, walls tude, instruction, or preachment to Most organizations are "adminisand under shrubbery. A parents,"but perhaps an issue of tered."Their schedules, the time

Plus 75c twist to arequick people,"them, observed are dedicated time. ambitious of two "We

and Postage nutswing converts it are respected. out, "meetThere hard pointed working and was sales 3!4%

unitthe edger an in Utah tax all sorts, of all filling inghouses"nights meetings the with and day for well to groomed gatherings, activities. school business harsh organizational and Thewalks, patios drive &

ways. truth was that little or no time was educational functions, civic affairs,

Mailed anywhere in U.S.A.

Blacks. Decker

U-140 SANDER Designed with the beginning home woodworker THE REACH AND POWER OFhandin mindcontrol.. for. Easyfinishingone

work on all materials. PRAYER

19 38 InPluspostageUtah50c add 3'/2% Sales Tax RICHARD I. EVANS

PEHRSON HARDWARE "there that further is no limit to the pursue the thought would Today we

1 21 15 So. 1 1th East, substitute for it—in circumstances—being prayer"of Salt Lake City reach some and no

well aware that everyone needs help, that no one is selfmade, that no one is selfsufficient, that no one, in a sense, is safe; for all are

subject to accident, to illness, to temptations, to sorrow, to the difficulties of making decisions. All of us receive much discipline as we

move through life, no matter how old or young we are, no matter

Wedding how much we have or haven't. All of us are searching, seeking.

Announcements No one of us is able to go his way alone in life. There are so many

unanswered questions, so much that is beyond our control, beyond our ability. We do what we can, sometimes well, sometimes not so

well, but we all need help from sources beyond ourselves, and help from a Higher Source—for there are problems and people that cannot

PRINTERS be reached or touched at times with the other means we have at

Creators of Fine Wedding Stationery hand. Even with our own children and other loved ones, we have much

need of help, to teach them, to keep close to them, to be assured concerning them; for after we have done all we can, or at least all we did do,

quality crafted we become acutely aware that we cannot long go with them, that beyond two day service our teaching, our love, our example, they are very much on their own.

save up to 50% When loved ones are away too late at night or in far places or in unknown or possibly unsafe situations, we know that our best hope has been to for correct principles,"155 North 100 Illustrated East "teach love Send then reach out and them them with 1 Provo, Catalog Samples Dept. Actual 25<fandfor

exercise, prayer. Sincere pleading is not and earnest prayer of mental with order a mere Refunded "Home BYU"Utah

or a selfanswering process, but communication with the Personage and power who sustains life, who orders the seasons, who keeps creation its course, to the of Savior our Father us all: even as prayed and God SAFES inh. GENEALOGY

is art in in there Father heaven. comfort "Our which knowing..."- And Write for FREE Information

Special Group Promotion that our children are also his children. Thank God for the privilege, the

P.O. Box 1055 DRAPER, UTAH power, the strength, comfort, guidance, and peacegiving assurance of

THE AMERICAN SAFE CO. prayer, without which life would be emptier and lonelier and much

less livable. "There is no limit to the reach of prayer."

'Mrs. George B. Simmons, 'These I Will Keep,"Good Housekeeping, January 1936.

"Matt. 6:9.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia

Broadcasting System, February 14, 1965. Copyright 1965.

446 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HAVE MORE TIME FOR YOUR CHILDREN WHEN bowling leagues, and whatnot. The YOU STUDY AT

Church has now, in effect, invitedand challenged each family to HOME.

schedule for themselves a meeting, informal or formal, in their own of theirfamily meetinghouse, own to Please sendtime, nature, and and choosing;

plan, administer, and operate it Free according to the dictates of the family leaders'liveliest intelligence. HOME STUDY

Can the unorganized, planless family, buffeted about by the enerCatalog to...

getic bureaucracies of modern life, compete with the "organized"orNAME ganizations, public and private, all ADDRESS seeking precious time? Can the

family organize and function successfully and schedule time for its CITY own teaching purposes?

All families, every home and STATE household, are teaching institutions. HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University,

Families are. our most fundamental Provo, Utah

and primary teaching institutions. I I

In them language is taught long before school. Bad language, poor

language, expletives are often Hollywood Calling!

taught. Bad manners, happenstance

motives, accidents, selfwithdrawal MAKE YOUR FUTURE CAREER are perhaps more often taught than A BEAUTY CAREER good manners, loving purpose, intelligent foresight, and concern for hugeLearn demandto be aforleadingskilled hairbeauticians,stylist. Thereand Hollyis a

others. Blessed indeed was Nephi wood Graduates are always in demand.

to have been born of goodly parents and to have been instructed in his father's home in "the learning WRITE FOR FREE TUITION of the Jews and the language of the CERTIFICATE

Egyptians."(1 Nephi 1:2.) How

blessed today we are to be born of Entitles you to 2,000 hours of training.

goodly parents. But, as was Nephi,

how much more blessed we are if those goodly parents schedule time to instruct their family in the learning and language of our times, beginning with the fundamentals of life, being, and eternity.

Every home is a teaching instiYOUR KEY TO A LOVELIER YOU"tution. It teaches first of all by the

example of its leaders and memHOME OFFICE: 245 SOUTH MAIN, Salt Lake City, Utah

bers. If those leaders and members SchoolsOGDENalso in Colorado,LOGAN Montana, MURRAYIdaho andPROVONevada

can add to their example useful precepts as well, great blessings will result. At issue is the basic inWhat to see—Where to stay—Rotes

itinerary planned. complete Your

tegrity of and development each bound for the - RAIL BY AIR - BUS - CARindividual. lies the health Beyond

and regeneration of human society. shows,Hotel accommodationsguided tours of Newand Yorkrates,City. BroadwayAll types

The hope of national prosperity and andinformationindividualandprograms.rates at the Fair. Package plans

international accord lies in the homes of the people. What night For WRITEFree BrochureBOX 43,andProvo,InformationUtah

shall home evening be this week?

CHRISTOPHERSON TRAVEL carry scheduled, can weWhen

Salt Lake: EL 5-8182 Provo: FR 3-5310 ofthrough—all or most us—even

though the boss's wife calls and invites mother and father to dinner? YOU CAN RENT IT! RENT BEAUTY

It will not be easy. But something FINEST QUALITY ARTIFICIALS

faith, hope, love, done,can FLOWERS with be HOWE RENTS ANY SIZETREES ANY ACCESSORIESCOLOR family. for the timeand

3598727 \ SALES AND RENTALS SALE OR RENT -

INC. BURNHAM'S

City Bountiful Salt Lake Salt Lake City, Utah 2375 South State 4860055 640 So. 500 West 625 E. 5th So.

MAY 196? 447

The Hat in Her Life cry big tear spots all over by best to again, I have been shoved into (Continued from page 403) necktie. I say all the things guys some unused hospital closet and who have been married only a year forgotten there for hours along with

emergency fund and hand it to her. say on these occasions. a couple of other guys who look

Donna watches my expression. Gradually, Donna's tears turn to as disheveled as I am.

Her face falls, and her eyes look gulps. To make things right I call Eventually some intern pops in,

like those of a little girl who doesn't myself a few nasty names—a heel, says, "It's a boy,"like he was sayknow if she is going to cry or not. an old goat, things like that. ing, "It's a nice day,"and takes me

"You don't like it,"she says Donna sniffles at me. "Make up to Donna.

miserably. your mind,"she says. "Goat or I don't remember what Donna

"Not sixtyfive dollars worth."heel?"and I say to each other. I hold her

Donna gasps. Then her cheeks When Donna gets back her hands hard; we keep looking at

flush. She gets it now. She can see sense of humor I know that she is that furious little red bundle; and I

I haven't fallen for that two ninetyall right again. I kiss her, and then try to swallow a lump in my throat

eight routine. I know that we are both all right. the size of a baseball.

"Paul Archer, you make me so But Donna has a one track mind. Then Donna starts to laugh. She

mad,"she cries. "You and your By and by she continues aloud the laughs and laughs. I think maybe

stiffnecked pride that can't bear thoughts that have evidently been she is hysterical. But she says

to accept help even from my own churning around under that blonde quickly, "My hat—my lovely hat

father. Now you even suspect that hair. that was supposed to make me

I bought this hat behind your back. "Besides, I really wanted the hat beautiful for you—I forgot to wear

If you had a grain of trust in me—"for you,"Donna says confidingly. it!"

"It's not that, Donna,"I say "Thanks, honey,"I say. "A hat I looked at her with the baby in

patiently, "only—"with a pink rosebud is just what I her arms. "You're beautiful, honey,"

Donna doesn't even hear me. have always wanted."I say. "You're very beautiful."

"Just because I didn't know how to "Silly,"Donna giggles. "I wanted

budget when we were first married, to surprise you and wear the hat It has been well over a year since you keep thinking of me as a brainwhen I go to the hospital. My I have thought about that hat—not

less little spendthrift who can't be figure has looked awful for so long until Donna took it down from the trusted with a penny. That's what I thought maybe a pretty hat would top shelf of our closet today, rehurts. You just don't trust me!"make up for the figure. Then you moved its swathe of tissue paper,

"Donna, don't let's fight,"I say. wouldn't forget that you love me."and tried it on.

"That hat isn't that important. Now What can you do with a woman Now I am trying to figure out: Is

that you've bought it...."like that? Donna keeping that hat (1) for a

"I didn't buy it,"Donna cries in- I say, "Crazy, crazy,"against her memento, (2) because, as every dignantly. "I bought Mode magahair, and hold her on my lap in the husband learns, wives never throw

zine to learn how to drape the veil, big chair. anything away, or (3) to wear on

The hat is just a strawhat, exactly some approaching, appropriate oclike that expensive hat I bought for Suddenly, it is 3 am, and Donna is casion?

our honeymoon, except for the trimshaking me. She wants to go to the I guess I'll just have to wait and

ming. So I bought a ribbon for hospital. Now. find out.

ninetyeight cents; the rosebud cost Everything blurs. When I come But this time I hope it's a girl.

a dollar sixtynine; and the magazine cost thirty cents, plus sales

taxes makes two ninetyeight. That's

what the hat cost, just like I said.

Add it up yourself if you doubt that, too."

Donna's chin begins to quiver ODE TO A YOUNG MOTHER suddenly, and I know that she is really hurt. She turns and runs into BY FRANCES C. YOST

our bedroom. I know that I am in

for a session. But I feel like a heel Daily, dear Mother, let your love light glow;

anyway, so I follow and try to make Gaily serve in your humble castle; show

it up. Tender endearing ways. Graciously he,

Donna is in the closet door cryLender of spirit souls, bequeathed each wee ing softly against my old flannel Baby to you, to fondly teach. It just

bathrobe. (She says the flannel May be, to you alone, he could entrust.

sops up the tears.) I pry her away Decline invitations for the mere thrill.

from there and try to put my arms Design your day though, to be versatile, around her. But she isn't having Bringing a charm into your atmosphere,

any. I try to kiss her cheek, but she Singing a lullaby, lending an ear.

pulls away, and I stub my nose on Neatly attired, no matter what the hour, a cold plastic coat hanger. Sweetly greet everyone. No, never glower.

After a while I manage to pull Leaven your actions with kindness, be gay.

Donna into my arms and let her Heaven shall be yours, in life's resume.

448 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Era

Youth p May 1965

MARION D. HANKS,

Editor

ELAINE CANNON, Associate Editor

Fit to Live Some youth wait to live.

They wait until they have a better house, a new dress, more money, more freedom, a higher education, different friends, greaterLife experience, more time, more time, more time!

Today is all the time there is that we can be sure of to do earthly things.

Waiting to live until something changes seems foolish in the face of such a fact.

Some people live on an "eat, drink, and be merry for tomorrow is we may die"basis. Theirs is the frantic clutch at every invitation, foolish or not.

The human personality persists eternally. Today's choices are

tomorrow's consequences whether we're earthor heavenbound (dead or alive). for Life's oneto-a-customer quality suggests that now is the time to

live, all right, but live so that there aren't any regrets. It's good to grow, to feel,

to learn, to experience, to taste, to contribute, to worship, to love, to create, to do good. There should be no waiting for an easier or more opportune time to

live wisely.

LDS youth know there is only one way to pattern a successful life, and that's according to the gospel of Jesus Christ. It's the tested method for

living vitally, intelligently, graciously. It's the inspired plan for making

this phase of life an exhilarating experience in the total sense. ing

So don't wait. Live wisely now.

In this issue... some suggestions on the art of young living.

450 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Janet Farrimond, Cannon 7th Would you like to become a better

Stake, Ward, Cannon and Leigh citizen, a working part of your community? Delta 1st Ward, Maxfield,

Deseret Stake Are you interested in helping others, young and old? Do you find hospital

work, clerical tasks,- teaching, or fundraising both interesting and challenging?

Do you find yourself with time on your hands, with nothing to do?

If you answer yes to any of these questions, your home town needs you and needs you desperately!

Yes, you—wherever you are, your

community can use young people, boys and girls, to pitch in and volunteer their time and energy without pay in a thousand What and one different projects to help other people.

What do you have to contribute? Now,

don't sell yourself short! You have plenty to give: brains, brawn, sympathy, enthusiasm, Can

and youthful energy.

There's plenty in it for you, too, even if there is no pay check connected with the work. In return for your efforts, you'll gain You

in experience, understanding, and deepdown satisfaction. And your work

will be warmly welcomed and sincerely appreciated. Let's face it, you can't buy these with money! Do?

A great many young people volunteer

BY LUCILLE valuable time and talent to help others. J. GOODYEAR

All over the country the heads of civic agencies, philanthropic organizations, and municipallysponsored programs are calling for the services of youth in tackling the ever increasing range of social problems.

Your youth is an important and special asset, for you have fresh enthusiasm, schooling, and skills to give. When these

highly desirable qualities are reinforced with the guidance and planning of experienced professionals, you can be an extremely valuable recruit in your community's finest task force.

What is there to do? You'll be amazed at

the amount of useful jobs there are to be had. Many of them are fascinating, all

of them are vital, and all offer real work experience. Yet none is provided for on

payrolls, so that you wouldn't be taking on such work and depriving another person of earning a living. Volunteer work supplements

paid jobs; it fills a strategic gap.

Furthermore, many of these jobs are waiting,,.. mMM to be filled by young volunteers allH

over America.

If you get along well with children, you might be suited to recreational services for children. Here you would be assisting

in play centers and day camps with games, sports, arts and crafts, science experiments, music, monitoring at mealtime, and many other routine but necessary duties. Volunteers are also needed for

work as leaders in boys'and girls'clubs and in neighborhood centers for church youth groups.

Health services, hospitals, and nursing homes need help in many different departments, which includes typing and filing medical records; assisting in laboratory

research; helping with occupational therapy;

doing receptionist and clerical duties;

aiding the handicapped; making beds; folding

linens; helping professional nurses and

conserving their precious time by doing nonprofessional jobs; helping with surgical

dressing; serving as "big brother"or

"big sister"volunteers in work with neglected, maladjusted children; assisting

social case workers in registration duties;

entertaining, feeding, and walking patients;

as well as reading to and playing games with bedridden patients. The list is endless

in this area, and the help is urgently needed.

Help in "special projects "is an area where you can really turn on your charm and ability to meet people. You can offer your

help, time, and ideas in community celebrations of all kinds; assisting in

fundraising drives with publicity; staging

community productions; ringing doorbells;

distributing literature; telephoning; making

posters; contacting newspaper, radio,

television, and business people.

Another area where help is always needed is in the conservation programs: helping

in community programs, working on cleanup drives, and working indoors showing films and making speeches to interested groups. Many jobs are waiting to be filled at

Do you have a special compassion for our schools, acting as classroom assistants, senior citizens? You could offer your laboratory aides, and playground helpers in

services in arranging entertainment in a summer schools and in schools for the home for the aged; in running errands for handicapped.

bedridden invalids; in being ready for such There are also auxiliary duties at voluntary

tasks as reading aloud and writing letters agency headquarters, where you could do for a person with failing eyesight; or in typing, filing, and other clerical work.

engaging in recreational games. You have In group projects you could volunteer

no idea how richly rewarding it is to bring singly or in a group for onetime service a smile to the face and sparkle to the projects such as painting, patchup, eyes of an oldster. repairing, gardening, being on call for

I to r, Lee Swenson, Lorin and Keith Boswell, Grant 10th Ward,

Russell Winegar, Grant 10th Ward, Granite Park Stake

Granite Park Stake clerical work, giving special entertainment You should regard your assignment with for underprivileged children and bedridden the same respect that you give a job for invalids, "adopting"a cottage at a children's which you are paid wages. Give it your energy,

home, (for girls) doing handiwork as a promptness, and courtesy, even though group and giving it to various organizations your "paycheck"won't be in dollars who serve the needy, raising funds to and cents.

buy equipment for them. Don't worry about not being trained

The more one looks into community for a specific type of work. Training is

services, the more jobs one finds for provided for practically all volunteer jobs volunteers to do. Now that you've read of the for youth. The agencies with work to be done

various areas where your help is needed, know how it must be done, and the length you are probably asking, "Why should of training time varies with the duties.

I help? "Most agencies prefer volunteers to be at least

First of all, from a purely selfish fifteen years of age, but this does not mean standpoint, you will get experience in a that there are no exciting possibilities genuine job to give you a head start in the for younger boys and girls.

world of work. Real work is involved, some After giving yourself a selfexamination of

of which closely resembles the type assigned what you have to offer, or are particularly to young people beginning their interested in, you may already have a workfor-pay lives. good idea of where to go and offer your

You will have the opportunity to find services. Your parents may have some

out more about your own abilities and practical suggestions, so might your your likes and dislikes as they relate to a teacher or counselor.

job. You will also acquire meaningful A likely spot in most communities is a

references for future use in applying for centralized agency that coordinates the work paid employment. of many others, such as a United Fund,

And you will broaden your contacts in a Community Chest, a welfare council your community, learn something of you will know what it's called in your what makes it "tick"by coming in close particular locality. And don't forget the farm

contact with some of its human problems. organizations, the hospitals, and, of course,

By participating in work of this type, you the Church, all of which are most enthusiastic will experience the satisfaction that is and appreciative of the contributions of derived from serving others. And this is an volunteer youth helpers.

ideal time in your life to develop one of the Handle your approach to the organization

of the proper person to see, and observemostcitizen—helpingimportant characteristicsthose in need!of a good in a businesslike manner. Obtain the name

Now, where do you start? How do you the hours set aside for interviewing

avail yourself to the needs of your volunteers. Use the telephone to obtain this

community? It's very easy. information if it is unknown to you or

The best way to begin is to analyze your family.

yourself. What are your special talents, Prepare for your interview as you would

interests, hobbies, school subjects? for a job with a paycheck attached. Tell

What skills do you already have? What type them about yourself in a forthright manner,

of lifetime career have you been how much time you can donate regularly and contemplating? how sincerely you want to help.

Would you prefer work with youngsters, Once you've been accepted for a oldsters, or hospital patients? Are you volunteer's job, buckle down and learn all

interested in science, art, music, the that you can from the required training.

outof-doors, technical things, clerical work, Live up to your promises, and soon you'll teaching? How much time can you give be functioning as a fullfledged volunteer

to the program? worker, carrying and sharing some of the

One requirement, and a most important heavy load of your community. You'll be

one, for effective volunteer work is that you doing something important, giving rather must promise to give a regular number of than just taking!

hours and then conscientiously keep that What's more, you'll be glad you did...

promise. and so will your community!

Oh, it's unbearable, you think as you quickly withdraw your toe from the icy, blue water, knowing how you'll dread the agony of stepping gradually deeper. It is so cold! You know how to swim, and

you knew it would be like this. Why don't you simply

take a deep breath and jump in with the other swimmers?

Look at them out there.

They're warm now and laughing and having a ball!

Oh, well, you tell yourself, they don't really care whether you join them, so why not just smile and relax in that sunny chair over there? And besides, when they come in all wet and bedraggled, ProudSwim your hair will still look nice. Mmm, that feels good,

you tell yourself.

A short, short story, and one that will no doubt Poshappen to all of us this summer. But does it

happen to you lots of times—in different ways? for What's wrong, you ask, with retreating to a cozy warm corner when things are just too much? ture

And you're right; all of us need to find islands of

time and quiet here and there in order to think Your and restore ourselves.

But the living is out there.... BY BARBARA

A test just for fun WATERBURY When there are tryouts at school, even though a zillion kids might be there, do you still try? Life Today can you walk up to someone you don't

know well, smile, and begin to make a new friend? BY BEVERLY EVANS (With someone your age—with a neighbor, teacher,

parent.) When roadshow time draws nigh and you've secretly longed to paint scenery or learn lighting or makeup techniques, would you mention the fact, out loud?

When your MIA teacher calls for a volunteer to plan a fireside, do you dare say, "I will"?

In a group, when questions are asked and you know some of the answers, do you raise your hand?

If you are living a full, happy life, some of your answers are "yes."

Dare to commit yourself to life! The dictionary

meaning of this word is "to give in trust."

A person who decides to pass the above test and in other ways to "get in the swim"is committing himself to living. "Take the plunge"wholeheartedly

if you know it will help you physically, mentally, or spiritually.

One of the marvelous things about baptism is that we cannot withhold any fraction of ourselves from the water or the Spirit. We are totally committed,

and we emerge reborn.

The Savior said it, too. He who loses his life

(forgetting himself in good works) shall find it. (See Matt. 10:39.)

454 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The first step in becoming as attractive as eliminates looking around to be sure the chair is you possibly can is to acquire good posture. It close enough. Keep all your weight on the

is not only pleasing to the eye but instrumental back foot. Now lower yourself straight down to

in keeping your body healthy. Teens who the front half of the chair and slide back.

stand straight and tall appear confident, If you try to sit toward the rear of the chair intelligent, energetic, ready to face any problem. first, then you must bend way forward

Their clothes fit well. They breathe deeply, ungracefully, as mentioned before. You get out

and weight is correctly distributed on their of the chair exactly the way in which you sat, feet. They have proud posture—not proud just reversing the process.

meaning 'haughty'but proud meaning 'happy.'

One who stands with stooped shoulders and For the Girls head thrown forward appears lazy both mentally and physically, unkempt, dejected, depressed, tired, unhealthy. Moreover, clothes Here are a few tips on body placement after

hang unevenly. The overall effect is one of you're seated. Angle the lower part of the

laziness and a "don't care"attitude. body, especially if you are wearing a straight

Which are you? Which would you like to be? skirt. Use the model's stance for foot placement

Acquiring proud posture is very simple. It or tuck one foot behind the other. Avoid

can be done in minutes. But keeping it is crossing the legs unless you are wearing a very

another thing. That takes every minute of your full skirt. Let the hands lie in the lap.

waking hours. Try this. Stand with your back The sitting situation in getting in and out

about four or five inches from the wall. of a car is a wee bit different. To get in, sit on

Bend your knees slightly; this throws your hips the car seat still facing out, then swing

forward, straightening the spine. Lean in both feet. Or place the left leg in the car

against the wall. If you are doing the exercise at the same time you sit and then pull in the

correctly, the back of the head, shoulders, right. Either way assures proud posture.

it in withand spine, including the small part of the back If you are wearing a full skirt, swoop or waistline, will be touching the wall. Now, your right hand as you swing in your feet.

straighten your knees, keeping all the points mentioned above against the wall. Feel how For the Boys

flat the stomach area is. Nice, isn't it?

Practise this every day until you are proud Lounging like a lizard is out. Chairs are for

of your posture. sitting in, not "riding"side saddle with one

leg thrown over an arm. Nor should you

Walking teeter on the back legs or straddle the chair backwards.

This is just the beginning to all the ways in which proud posture may help you. When

you walk, keep your toes pointed directly Stumbling Stairs?

ahead. Pretend you are straddling a thin line

and keep on it as you walk. Brushing your Let us not overlook the fact that proud

knees together with every step helps. posture enters into going up and down stairs.

The arms should swing gently in a semicircle Eliminate the bounce from your ascending and around the thighs, with the palms of the hands descending. Let your knees do the work. In

inward. Chin up, eyes ahead; look the world descending, point your toes at a slight angle and

squarely in the eye with proud posture! don't vary until you've reached the bottom.

Otherwise you'll find yourself doing the duck

Sitting walk, as ninetynine out til one hundred sets of stairs are too narrow for the entire foot.

Concentrate on the way you sit. Most people Now, which are you, the teen with proud

stick their posteriors way out before they posture or poor posture? Which would you like

reach the object on which they're going to sit. to be? Of course, you'll choose proud posture

Don't let this be you. It is easy to lower because it looks the nicest. Remember

yourself in place with good posture. Touch the old saying, "It is so nice to be nice"?

the chair with the back of your leg. This Let's paraphrase it, "It is so nice to look nice."

MAY 196S 45S Pamela Elliott, Grant 10th Ward, Granite Park Stake

The Swinging Bridge

By Bessie Brown Bangerter

What kind of town is your town? Is it a big bustling town or a lazy little town? Or is it one of the

other hundreds of kinds of home towns all over the world? Does your town have a swinging

bridge? Probably not. They don't build them much

anymore. Neither did the first town I lived in

have one. It didn't really need one, I guess. To

cross the swale on the west side to get over to

Mexican town; or to pick mushrooms, white stars,

or tiger lilies; or to catch a wild burro to ride;

you just backed up, took a running start, and jumped. If you didn't make it—well, that wasn't

too serious because you usually weren't wearing shoes. And if you wanted to walk out into the tall

timbers on the east side of town to meet someone coming by horse, mule, or wagon from the railroad station twenty miles away, you simply picked onto the bridge, you Mia Maids and Explorers your way across the creek on rocks. No, we didn't bouncing along at midstream, Gleaners and M Men

really need a swinging bridge. We had everything reaching a foot forward to place it on firm land

we needed, because in a little town like that you on the far side—may I offer a few suggestions,

don't need much. rules perhaps, for a happy and safe crossing, from

But when I was twelve, going on thirteen, we one who has crossed the bridge before you?

moved out of the mountains eighty miles down 1. Take plenty of time. Don't hurry across the

—butto a differentbigger. kindAnd ofthata town.townNotneededreallya abridgebig townbebridgecrossinglesthasyouendedfindtoothesoon.fun Don'tand excitementrush throughof

cause it was divided right down the middle with adolescence. It takes time to grow up. Those who

a lazy river flanked by beautiful, big old cottonrush headlong across the bridge too often find wood trees. In fact, it seemed like all of a sudden they haven't reached the other side at all but have

there were lots of things we needed. It didn't occur stumbled and received bruises and scars or have

to me at the time, but I've wondered since if maybe tripped and fallen into deep waters. Dating too

that wasn't partly because I was twelve, going early, too often, too intimately usually rushes on thirteen. young people into marriage before they are preBut to get back to the bridge—or I should say pared physically, emotionally, intellectually, or

bridges, because there were two of them. One was financially. Unduly early marriages are seldom

a sturdy old wagon bridge supported underneath temple marriages. Do take your time in crossing.

by massive stone pillars. Upstream a short way Take time—this precious time—to cultivate lastwas a high, narrow, rickety, wonderful old swinging friendships, to enjoy sports, to read good

ing bridge. Usually when I needed to cross the books, to listen to good music, to get an education,

river for church or school or to go to the store, I to enjoy and appreciate your family, and to learn chose the security of the old wagon bridge. Occato be a good member of a family before you try to

sionally, however, the need to hurry or a yen for become the head of one.

adventure lured me onto the swinging bridge to 2. During the crossing choose traveling combounce and sway my way across. Stepping across panions wisely lest you get jostled and fall by the

a space left by a board missing here and there, wayside.

I would peer anxiously at the stream below. On 3. Fix your eye on a goal on the other side.

arriving on the other side I had mixed feelings of Walking toward a goal will help you keep your relief at being on solid ground and regret that the balance when too much bounce and sway threaten excitement of the crossing was over. to topple you. May I suggest as such a goal the

Looking back to that time I now see that old temple of God? Living all gospel principles to bebridge as a symbol of another bridge I was then come worthy of temple marriage will do much to

starting to cross. The crossing from childhood to assure a successful crossing.

adulthood on the bridge of adolescence then be- 4. As you cross remember to apply the advice

ginning was to take years instead of minutes, of those who have crossed the bridge before you.

but left me with the same mixed feelings experiYour parents and church leaders love you and enced each time I stepped from that other bridge want only the best for you. Please heed their warnonto the firm earth. ings and don't make it necessary for them to

Recently seeing a swinging bridge, a much attempt to rescue you after you have already sturdier structure than the one I used to cross, stumbled and fallen into deep waters.

I noted a sign which warned, "Do not run or jump 5. Wait until you reach the surer footing of

on the bridge."It occurred to me then that no solid ground on the other side before you attempt

one had thought to post rules for safe crossing to choose a companion for the rest of the journey.

on that bridge of yesteryear. The exhilaration of the swinging and swaying may

And what about that other bridge—the bridge prevent you from using sober judgment, but be

of youth? Yes, the signs had been there. The pondering all the way the qualities you will look

safety rules had been posted but not always obfor in an eternal companion.

served. Not much time had been spent in giving 6. Let your Father in heaven hold your hand

thanks to those who had crossed before and as you cross. He loves you even more than your

thought to leave here and there along the way a earthly parents because he has greater capacity warning or a word of encouragement, yet without for love. Having him at your side will not make

them the crossing could never have had such a the crossing dull and colorless because he wants happy ending. you to have fun. But most of all he wants to see

You Beehive girls and Scouts just now stepping you safe and happy on the far side.

Please God, help me to help the ones who look to me for aid;

let me think clearly at the time when they're confused.

Help me to know what's right, nor let me be afraid Let the trust they place in me will ever be abused.

Let me feel sure within myself that I am strong with the unfailing strength that true conviction gives.

If need be let my knowledge carry them along lives. Me until the time they realize theirs also

Let me have confidence in my ability to guide them. Never let me doubt the words I say.

And everything they think I am, please, let me be;

help me to never fail them, God, in any way. Be Let me be wise that I may pass such wisdom on

to those whose destinies You've placed within my hands.

God, from my judgment let all prejudice be gone;

give me instead the tolerance this life demands.Worthy They look to me for help, and I must never let them know

how much I'm frightened at my vast responsibility.

by KATHRYN KAY I'll do my best, I'll help them every way I can, but so that I may be more worthy of their faith, please, God, help me.

458 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Lovingly written for and dedicated to President David 0. McKay

A man, rare and marvelous, leads us

With strength that's undaunted by time;

Whose calling is noble, who guides us

According to promptings divine.

His countenance manifests greatness;

It glows from a pure light that's there, A A light from the intimate knowing

Of God, whose own message he bears.

We sit at the feet of a prophetProphet Who bids us true knowledge to seek.

We're lifted and strengthened by knowing

He lives by the words he doth speak.

in our youth trust his wisdom;Inspires And we

We know that he speaks for the Lord.

And, knowing he loves us unwavering,

We'll stand, unashamed, by his word. Youth We cause him concern, ofttimes sadness,

Whenever we stray from the light;

BY CELESTIA OBORN But we're charged to try all the harder,

FRESHMAN. WEBER COLLEGE Because of his love, to do right.

He's helping us walk on God's pathway,

Providing a beacon in strife;

He's giving us something to follow:

He lives an exemplary life.

We honor, revere him, and love him,

And all through the world he is known

A builder of temples, a prophet,

A leader of leaders, our own.

There's something about him that's radiant

That lives far above earth life's din.

There's something more Christlike than earth knowsWe want to become more like him.

MAY 1965 4S9 We Live Better mien j* We...

3 I to r, priests Kent Gasparac,

Russell Baxter, Charles Adams regular (kneeling), Bradshaw, and Danny

Grant 10th Ward, Granite Park Stake

Ohlson, * Arlene Southgate Ward, Granite Park Stake, and physical

Eileen Baxter, Grant 10th Ward, Granite Park Stake

Heddleston, Southgate 5 Mark Ward, Stake activity Granite Park.. are loyal.take

.. love to our care

Christ friends. ofour

clothes Observing an openair workshop are leaders Nan

Hunter, John Morgan, far left; Dr. Dale T. Tingey,

assistant administrator of seminaries and institutes, and Elder Paul H. Dunn, First Council of the Seventy.

President Dunn and Dr. Tingey were featured speakers.

instructors who involved the student representatives in active discussions. They

were characterized by practical suggestions in the application of leadership principles.

In addition to the training received in the workshops, the students followed a tight schedule which included social activities, a drama night, and addresses by church leaders. In attendance was Elder Paul H.

Dunn of the First Council of the Seventy who delivered the keynote address to the delegates and teachers on Saturday morning.

In his remarks President Dunn challenged -vmit&t the assembled representatives to enrol five hundred new students in the institute program within a twoweek period.

Dr. Dale T. Tingey, assistant administrator

of seminaries and institutes, was the featured speaker at the worship service.Institute He urged students to commit themselves to

the total gospel program. President Don C.

Brown responded as the representative of the stake presidents in the Sacrament and testimony meeting which concluded theLeadership conference.

Typical reactions of the students attending the conference were:

"The workshops proved to be mostConference

The mountain campus of the University of Southern California was the setting for the third annual Institute of Religion

Leadership Conference. One hundred and

fifty student leaders from the institutes of religion located adjacent to sixty college and university campuses in southern

California were gathered in the lovely

Idyllwild, California, setting.

The conference objective was the development of student leadership in the institutes of religion serving the Latterday

Saint student on these many campuses.

The workshops were built around the theme "The Institute Image,"and the students were given training in five phases of the institute program: leadership, spirituality,

lot fast steam and get acquainted of You can let off a air. representatives the in Conference scholarship, fellowship, and social activities. with a volleyball

Workshops were conducted by institute limber up physically after a day of mental reaching.

"This conference was one of the most inspirational experiences I have ever had, to be able to meet with my brothers and sisters whom I'd never met and feel as close as we did, along with the wonderful lessons and teachings we gained."

"It was the most wonderful experience

I've ever had. I have never really had a faith

to call my own, but now I have found something, and I'm going to hold tight."

"This has been the greatest inspiration to

In rustic Idyllwild classroom, USC instructor

Dee Hadley leads workshop discussion on spirituality.

The aim of these workshops: to build LDS

leadership to take back to campus institutes.

valuable in terms of learning. This was a

wonderful experience to gain a greater insight and a stronger testimony."

"This weekend helped me to stop worrying 1about my own problems in the Church l;lw m

and got me ready to worry about my nonmember friends and those that are inactive.""I love the gospel and I love everybody!"

Pretty Cheryle Crawley talks with enthusiasm to a thoughtful cluster of fellow students.

m mm:rder5hiP - am

i -jojM 1 * 1 go on that I have had this year. The

institute program is great and the gospel is true. Thank you very much."*

"This weekend was the greatest weekend of my life. It built my testimony and

strengthened it. I will be able to encounter

everyday problems with more faith, courage."and* A Jill spirit,

I was in the mission field I was "When able to feel the spirit of the Lord as I had mm '4H 1 1 1 never felt it before in my life. This weekend

attained here at Idyllwild. The instructors,—1 I felt as if that same spiritual level wereWhen LDS college students get together, there's a the message, the students, and the setting

dance. quartet Here, sings during intermission. UCLA

I to right, Jones, Terry Drake,Left Cheryle made a perfect combination for me, and Jennifer

Crawley, Gordon Thomasson. know that the Lord was here with us."

The Last Word

The Spring is here—the delicate footed May,

With its slight fingers full of leaves and flowers,

And with it comes a thirst to be away,

In lovelier scenes to pass these sweeter hours.—N. P. Willis

Every real and searching effort at selfimprove- When a man's ways please the Lord, he maketh even ment is of itself a lesson in profound humility. his enemies to be at peace with him.—Proverbs 16:7

The lives of men who have been always A child who answered the telephone's ring was growingare strewed along their whole asked by the caller if her mother were home. "I

course with the things they have don't see her right now,"was the reply, "but Ilearned to do without.—Phillips Brooks know she's here because the phone is still warm."

However things may seem, no There is a difference between imievil thing is success, and no good tating a good man and counterthing is failure.—Longfellow feiting him.—Benjamin Franklin

..:* Years wrinkle the skin, but to give A smile is a light in the window of the up enthusiasm wrinkles the soul. soul, indicating that the heart is at home.

If you feel low, build someGive, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down,

thing—A. L. Zobell, Sr. and shaken together, and running over,... Luke 6:3 8

Her children arise up, and Years to a mother Conviction is worthcall her blessed, her husbring distress but do less unless it is band also, and he praisnot make her love the converted into coneth her Proverbs 31:28 less.—Wordsworth duct.—Thomas Carlyle

Wife: "I simply can't understand, John, why you always sit

on the piano stool whenever we have company. Everyone

knows that you can't play a note."Husband: "I know it, dear.

And as long as I'm sitting there, neither can anybody else. M

Students will view this same scene of the historic Matterhorn during exciting excursions. Photo courtesy of Swiss National Tourist Office.

StmtUtt of d}M inMtinlanll# 14 weeks abroad, including a 3-week European tour

FULL HIGH SCHOOL CREDIT the Alps above Lake Geneva. Study transportation, sightseeing, and room

Full high school credit will be given sessions will emphasize introductory and board. Use coupon for complete

students, age 15 to 19, who attend the and advanced German or French, with details or write direct.

Foreign general League's Language humanities courses designed Semester IS THE WHAT fall. is this to ThisAbroad not fill graduation merely requirements being an FOREIGN LANGUAGE LEAGUE?

exciting tour in English. of Europe, but accreditconducted an

is Foreign a League The Languageed school with faculty exceptional will excursions include Six weekend nonprofit, private nondenominational curriculum.and It's your student's trips cultural centers as to such Geneva, high school incorporated the under of a lifetime!opportunity Zurich, Basel, the Lucern, and Mormon of the laws offering State of Utah,

willChaperonesupervisors assemble at Bern. Temple history language, culture European and

in Citystudents Septemon York New fifteen courses on foreign campuses. LIMITED ENROLLMENT a for instructive tourber 5 threeweek

In five the past years two thousand some in cities capital the This of Europe. Semester Abroad will have limited will The students studied American have on

include London, Paris, Copenhagen, enrollment. This insures closer, more League campuses in Europe.

Rome, Venice, Florence, and Geneva. personalized attention by faculty memThe group will then spend the next bers, as well as making possible the Send for FREE brochure on the

eleven w7eeks in formal school wrork at great economics of controlled travel Semester Abroad. Mail coupon today

delightful Leysin, Switzerland, high in and lodging. One price pays for tuition, for complete information

Pfe.LEAGUE jJWIkOFFICERS: -.. Mb*, JHH:jB nKb-. tie* Foreign Language League School PPH n

qualiThese am 164 South, East 39th P.O. Box 1920

fied adminis- -rj, JLy ff Salt City, Lake Utah HV%jiLtrators have IPiycr. mm "7 \*j| i i*f

ahad on: information Please FREE send jftfefrcombined Jhgr>) K| "Abroad Semester

total of LpjL BKKrH Schools Abroad Summer sixty years'L TffyW lay experience \#m V Wr ML Name field in the of education. James DeBry Robert DeBry Dr. Lynn M. Hilton

president director headmaster Address

City State Zip Code s.

To men in their 30's and 40'(and their wives):

A Beneficial Life

later years can be sweet—or bittersweet gives you a guaranteed Those

—depending on how well you have provided for

monthly income you can never retirement income during your peak earning years—usually in your 30's and 40's. outlive, and now

Beneficial Life has a Retirement Plan for you.

is the time to providefor it! Beneficial Life plans are flexible and can be

made to fit your present and future needs and income. Your Beneficial man has the plan for

Dept. E565 you. Call him soon, or mail coupon below.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY

Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please have a Beneficial man call. My telephone number is. BENEFICIAL UEE

Name Street or RFD. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City. State Zip Code

Oyer 600 million life insurance in force