. '1 '.- ',

- *&*.

'M sr f|v..*"

*'- *m* sw-. S*.r $0$&m%&jt3SSiA:*3r,

'JB=

The Improvement Era April 1959

Today... tomorrow... and for many

years to come, the magnificent chapels that dot our Intermountain West will be as much in style as they were when first constructed.

Brick's timeless qualities together with the inspiration of trained architects, have made these modern structures everlasting and permanent. They're outstanding examples of the true economy of brick

construction... structural soundness... beauty... low original cost and minimum

maintenance. Build for today... build for the years to come... specify BRICK

yfamteyp 0/ |tp& Mte Cm& /xw&tdfc

INTERSTATE BRICK CO.3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

SMART NEW CHOCOLATEffeiigum COOKIES by PURITY

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Smartly dressed up Bacteria like their namesake, Bacteria live in the bottom of the with white cocoanut ocean at depths of 6 miles. The cream and dark rich

Galathea Expedition took samples Ambrosia chocolate.

of mud from the ocean floor of the

Philippine Trench in the Pacific They're really like a

Ocean. With great care to prevent fine confection in

outside bacteria getting into the flavor and character.

samples, some of the mud was added to cylinders containing sea water, Your favorite grocery peptone, and yeast, placed under a store has them now.

pressure of 1000 atmospheres and a temperature of 37.4 Fahrenheit.

The bacteria multiplied in great numbers, but they would not grow at the pressure of one atmosphere.

Earth's Magnetism Dr. Walter M. Elsasser has pointed

out that there have been numerous reversals in direction as well as magnitude, in the earth's magnetic field, perhaps hundreds of times in earth's history. This seems to confirm the "dynamo"theory of the

earth's magnetism in which fluid masses of molten iron, as they move, produce electric currents similar to an electric generator with its associated magnetic field.

Bees Max Renner, zoologist of the University of Munich, has found that bees are able to tell the passage of 24 hours by some internal means independent of the night and day cycle. The discovery was made by

shifting bees back and forth from

Paris to New York.

Barnacles A new device gets rid of barnacles on ships by vibrating the hull with supersonic vibrations between 17 e j*>**and 20 thousand vibrations a seccrtfVr** ond. Apparently the barnaclescan't stand those particular high o

frequencies. fa y PURITY

PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocatello

APRIL 1959 209 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Contents for April 1959 Volume 62, Number 4

Church Features

The Editor's Page: Toward Perfection, President David O. McKay 222

Your Question by President Joseph Fielding Smith does not appear in this issue because of his extended tour in the Pacific area. It will be continued in the May issue. Official organ of the Priesthood

Kangaroo CourtPart II, Hugh W. Nibley.......; 224 Quorums, Mutual Improvement

The Lord's House (Insert) 256 to 265 Associations,Committee, DepartmentWard Teachers,of Education,Music and other agencies of the Jesus Christ of Church of Priesthood: Reactivation through Temple Work, Church On, 220; Melchizedek The Moves

Saints. Latterdau Bishopric's 266; Page, 268. The Presiding

Special Features

Leadership Development: The Blueprint, Sterling W. Sill 232

Men with a Message, A. Theodore Tuttle 234

The Western Standard, Jerreld L. Netvquist 238

"... Go to the House of Prayer...,"Marba C. Josephson 240

So you want to build? John H. Vandenberg 243

Labor Missionaries, W. B. Mendenhall 247

Our Church Architectural Development, Harold W. Burton 252 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

The Value of Individual Testimony, Sussette Andrus 272 Cover, John N. Clawson

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard. L. Evans 294, 304, 310 JohnWalt Davenport,Lillian, 222 222, 235

Burton, 225, 227 Boys So That's What

Rytting, 240Lorry Wittke Are Made Of, W. Cleon Skousen, will be continued DaveErnst &

issue. in the May 284, 285 245,

Ernst Wittke & Dale Kilboum, 302

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 209; These Times, Soviet and American MediEd Maryon & Dale Kilbourn, 232

Reynolds, Ralph 271 Aspects, Letters Education: cal G. Durh..m212; and Reports, 216; Some Comparative Homer 231 Ed Maryon,

Air, Inspirational Ethel Thoughts, Hopper, in the 231; 227; Music The Church Spire, Newquist, 238, 239 271. Jerreld

Church building committee, 247251, 253265

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock JaneVirginiaSwensen,Sargent,228237

A New Hat from a Pot of Beans 302 ArmstrongLorin Wiggins,Roberts,266 212

Bride's Corner 309 The Last Word 312

Stories, Poetry From the Wild Olive, Jeanette Decker 228

The Talisman, Nell Womack Evans 236

Poetry 276, 280, 282, 284, 294, 308, 311

David O. McKay

Editor; Production and.AlbertRichardL. Zobell,L. Evans,Jr., ResearchEditors; DoyleEditor;L.JohnCreen,G, Kinnear,ManagingEditorialEditor; Associate;Marba C. FlorenceJosephson,B.AssociatePinnock, ManagingToday's FamilyEditor;Editor;ElizabethKalphJ, ReynoldsMoffitt,

and Ed Maryon, Art Directors.

Archibald F. Bennett, G. Homer Durham, Frasklln S. Harris, Jr., Milton R. Hunter, Hugh Nibley, Sidney B. Sperry, Contributing Editors.

Joseph T. Bentley, General Manager; Bertha S. Reeder, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription Director;

Thayer Evans, Regional Advertising Representative. THE COVER:

Architect John N. Clawson's

Funds. Copyright 1959 by Mutual

reserved. Subscription price, S2.50 Inc.,a year,and inpublishedadvance; byforeignthe Mutualsubscriptions,Improvement$3.00 a Associationsyear, in advance;of the 25cChurchsingleof copy,Jesus exceptChrist forof Latterdayspecial issues.Saints. All rights drawingMill Creekof theEighthchapelWard,of the

Entered of Octoberat 1917,the PostauthorizedOffice, SaltJuly Lake2, 191S.City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act southbegins ofourSaltChurchLake buildingsCity,

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts but welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of l'/ic issue. For additional black

sufficient delivery word postage a return. and be and accompanied by color pictures as white and

for 1 mustnotice of address. a Thirty required days change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address change as articles, section well see Whenfor

is as old cannot well as changes unless the the included. address be neworderingone madeis beginning 240. on page

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HBSSHBKilHBBnHBnHHiHMSlin Start your LDS BOOKS CLUB Membership today!

Choose one of these Two Great Books

Build your LDS Library systematically. Start with either of this month's outstanding

selections:

Testimonies of Our Leaders Compiled by Forace Green Read the dynamic testimonies of almost every General Authority of the Church since the restoration. Thrill to the firm witness of each of the 9 presidents and

their counselors... the compelling testimonies of almost all of the Apostles since

the First Quorum of the Twelve was organized... and a majority of all the

Patriarchs, members of the First Council of the Seventy, and Presiding Bishoprics.

$3.50 Leadership By Sterling W. Sill

A "first"in the field of leadership, this stimulating book presents a concise and systematic plan to develop qualities essential for outstanding leadership...

whether it lies in Church work, building a business, or running an empire! Tells

the "Hows, Whys and Wherefores."$3.50

Why You Should CLUB PLAN SAVES YOU UP TO 20% Join Now! HOW THE

Your membership in the LDS A. With every four books you buy thru the of the books being named bookof-themonth.

Books Club will enable you to LDS Books Club you receive a fifth book FREE If you wish to receive the top book you do increase your knowledge of the as a bonus book... thus you get five choice nothing—it will be sent to you postpaid along

gospel, assist you in building a Church books for the price of four, a savings with a statement. If you do not want the book,

strong testimony, and give you of approximately 20%. you return the postcard provided for an alterthese additional advantages: B. You join by ordering "Testimonies of Our nate selection (or none at all).

of the or one or "Leadership"SAVINGS Leaders"Club four Books purchased have you D. After below. selections described You may through a. free alternate bonus select FREE your About 20% selections, you may

months every 3 as book one as order few list plan. books Church of choice bonus book a long from to book

active or you may membership... your keep will provided. be which SELECTION: CAREFUL if you each month or books one order more

Only the choicest books are desire. E. Other Church books are available to club

recommended. C. Each month you will receive reviews of sevmembers through the club. However, some

METHODICAL: eral carefully selected books... with one books do not carry bonus credit.

Your library grows systematically.

BEST NEW LDS BOOKS: FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW!

You get them as soon as they LDS BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah come off the press. Gentlemen:

OLDER LDS CLASSICS Please enroll me as a member of the L D S BOOKS CLUB and send me the selection(s) marked:

AVAILABLE TESTIMONIES OF OUR LEADERS $3.50 LEADERSHIP $3.50

Why wait longer? Now is the - ALTERNATE SELECTIONS -

act. Start building your to time

IN FAITH $3.50 GOD YOUR $3.25 AND L. Green LIVETH by Doyle THAT Q SCIENCE HE library now. of writings and of sermons collection choice Jesus on A family book understandable readily A bescientists harmony show which foremost LDS for illustrated. must Beautifully Christ. the A

religion. revealed science and pure tween children. parents and

CANDLE OF THE LORD by Adam S. A STORY TO TELL $3.00

Bennion $3.75 Choice children's stories that teach a moral.

values as well as for for educational Selected with commonsense Bennion of Elder Discourses for children. their interest of life. every to all walk ages and advice

NAME....

ADDRESS

CITY.". STATE.

Amount of check or money order enclosed $ (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.) If you do not wish to mutilate your Era, send information on separate sheet.

LDS Books Club APRIL 1959 211 These Times

"H'S'-'SMs

s,lome of the finest agricultural products are grown in Utah and

Idaho.

Only the finest foods are packed under the Safeway S Soviet and American brand label.

It is to be expected, then, that many S brand items are prodMedical Education ucts grown on Utah and Idaho farms.

This is true. Safeway helps the Some Comparative Aspects

farmer market his products at a fair price and presents these quality foods to Safeway customers by Dr. G. Homer Durham

under the S brand label.

Good examples are: The nature and quality of medical ical subjects is probably based on

Belair Frozen Corn education is a matter of constant more modern methods and is perBel-air Frozen French Fries concern to thoughtful people. Recent haps somewhat more extensive, espeBel-air Frozen Potato Patties developments abroad lend additional cially if the internship requirement

Empress Honey interest to those who feel deeply is considered, a requirement which

Town House Dry Beans about medical education in their does not exist in Soviet medical eduHighway Whole Kernel Corn own land. "Medical Education in cation."Further, the Soviet internWaldorf Potatoes Soviet Russia"is the title of a recent ship appears to last "only about 16

Cherub Milk article by Dr. Arnold Starr of the weeks during the entire six years of

Town House Apple Cider Department of Neurology, Boston training, and is certainly quite inadeLucerne Milk City Hospital, Boston, Massachuquate for a physician's training."2

Lucerne PartyPride Ice Cream setts, 1 and associated with the mediThe 1955 report concluded that

Cream O'The Crop Eggs cal school of Harvard University. In "as far as the range and coverage in

Skylark Bread December, 1955, the National Scispecial medical subjects is conHouse Juice Town Tomato training perhaps in the published Nicholas cerned, ence Foundation two

Hill Catsup Red countries study, Soviet is comparable, DeWitt's Professional in view but

Gardenside Beans, Corn Manpower. (Reviewed in 1956 in of all the other reservations, the

Peas House Town Canned Soviet Professional Certification as this column.) Soviet Professional

Peas, Highway Tomatoes [Vrach] demonstrated ( before physician appears to be Manpower Tells Taste Juice'Tomato Sputnik) that production of physisomewhat below our M.D. degree."

A FRIEND OF THE FAMILY cians and surgeons, like other scienDr. Starr's publication appeared in

A FRIEND OF THE FARMER tists in the Soviet Union, was now the December 1958, issue of the equal to or exceeding the supply Journal of Medical Education. It is

produced in the United States. The based on a visit to the Soviet Union

report further contrasted the two during the summer of 1956 and subsystems as follows: "Our program sequent study, stimulated by his

observation schools, hosof medical SAFEWAY [U.S.] of medical instruction in clinpitals, (Continued on page 295)

xThe Journal of Medical Education, Vol.

33:827836, December, 1958. Soviet Professional Manpower, 1955, p. 132.

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Postum is the natural whole grain drink

When you're looking for a hearty, healthful drink... try

Postum. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals, slow- <"'*** ss Troiy*?

roasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor.

Postum is 100% coffeefree... contains no caffein or

other artificial stimulants. And don't forget, Postum tastes Another fine product

I so good... and it's so good for you Postum from General Foods.

100% coffeefree y,

APRIL 1959../w-j&&-1 *''*

Pocket Triple

Combination NEW! Complete Standard Works set in

pocketsize edition (SVxb 1/ page 2. Missionary Pocket size). Genuine Morocco leather

Bible binding.and Covenants,Book ofPearlMormon,of GreatDoctrine

The LDS (Cambridge) MissionPrice. $6.00

ary Bible, miniature edition, with ZVyiA page size. Bound

in handsome genuine Morocco leather. Complete with LDS

Ready* Reference, Concordance, and Pronouncing Guide. $8.50

OFFICIAL PUBLISHERS FOR THE CHURCH

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

6. Christ in Ancient

America Dr. Milton R. Hunter

Vol. II of Archaeology and the

Book of Mormon This second volume gives a meticulous and valuable record of Book of Mormon archaeology.

It centers on Quetzalcoatl, the "White and Bearded God"of Indian remembrance. Dr.

Hunter brings into sharp focus the fact that Christ's visit to the Western Hemisphere persisted in the history of the descendants of Book of Mormon people right to the time of the coming of the Spaniards.

$3.95

"Itfe

4. Search and Research 5. Truth We Live By

Noel C. Stevenson Through the centuries the Ten Comthe Beatitudes, and have mandments jjjbr sources edition. The revised andNew directed toward temporal men and detail in outlined areGenealogical'- Vesearch

eternal happiness. Articles on these sta.tes reference books, namesincluding with

codes, great written two moral by jurisdiction officials, whoseof state under the General Authorities of the Church, sources'fried such as other arerecords and this a Latterfor book make must rolls, etc. wellwills, as land registers, army

Saints. as day

< y.4#50 sources.foreign $2.95

faOU..OWg7 7. Family Night Fun

Monroe Paxman Shirley and ty in games and abounds book This "things to do"for family nights and for parties in the home that include friends of the family. This

helpful book points up the fact that families who play together have the rare opportunity of cementing family ties, of learning the differences between recreation and wreckreation, and of building; wholesome attitudes toward

life. $2.95

8. Ancient America Speaks

Dr. Leland H. Monson

Heroic leaders in thought and action, Nephi, Alma, Mormon, Moroni to name but a few, again seem to walk the earth in majesty and power through the pages of 9. Talk Topics this book. /rnnrn. $2.00

Jennie Brown Rawlins This is just the right kind of book little for that to story needed Co. DweretBlBooh clinch the talk or the lesson or—-- Salt Lake... 44 East South Temple City, Utah little the evening. volhome The DESERET COMP, BOOK IrTT* * n 'nWfftvWWhvir will prove a good, ume one for 44 East South Temple

bedtime reading. $1.75 Gentlemen:Salt Lake City, Utah

Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order ( ) 1 have an account. Please charge

for numbered (encircled) books: 1 4 5 6 7 8 9

Amount enclosed $ Name

Address

City. Zone State.

Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

Letters and Reports

MODELS for HOME, SCOUT TROOP REUNION

CHURCH, SCHOOL and AUDITORIUM EASY TO OWN...

EASY TO PLAY

aunes Music

1st So. 15 E.

City145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO*/1 Salt Lake 11, Utah

Scouts of old Troop 35, which flourIn the photograph, first row: left to

ished between 191322 on the east side right: Jack Coffin, Allan Randall, Clyde

of Salt Lake City under the direction of Fagergren, Melvin Lundberg, Alton MelScoutmaster Tom S. Green held a reville, Harold Geertsen, Joseph Geertsen.

union recently at which Rrother Green Second row: Delbert Warren, Alton Paulwas given a plaque engraved "To the sen, Elmer Johnson, Rudolph C. Bjornn,

greatest Scoutmaster in the world."His D. E. Hammond (state senator), Tom

Scouts came from Washington, Idaho, S. Green (Scoutmaster), Nicholas G.

California, Arizona, Nevada, and Utah Morgan, Sr. (who gave the plaque),

to attend the reunion. Letters were read Lester DangerBeld, Harry Russell, Glen

from other old Scouts now in ArlingPoulton (Assistant Scoutmaster). Third

ton, Virginia; Teheran, Iran; and Bonn, row: Chester Dowse, Adrian Walsh,

Germany. The names of ten who were Scott Varley, William Green, Aldan Olthese Scouts, but have passed away, sen, Gene Hawks, Arthur Folkerson, Malwere also on the plaque. colm Redmond.

BEEHIVE SERVICE PROJECT

Deluxe Portable Seating by HeywoodWakefield portable chairs proHEYWOOD- 1 vide an economical, 'WAKEFIELD convenient means of obtaining additional, temporary seating capacity without sacrificing comfort or dignity of decor. Available in fullupholstered spring cushion models,

semiupholstered, and durable plyHere is a Christmas service project wood, the entire line features welded that went halfway around the world! The

tubular steel frame construction which Beehive girls of the Union Third Ward, assures years of extra service. Write East Jordan (Utah) Stake, made neckerfor illustrated literature. chiefs for the Tulao, Samoa, Scout troop.

In the first picture, front row, left to

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD COMPANY right: Jean Walker, Linda Sharp, KathAuditorium Seating Division

MENOMINEE, MICHIGAN

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

leen Burgon. Second row: Pat Johnson,

LaVel Maynard, Amy Yamishiro, Linda DESIGNED BY LDS CRAFTSMEN

Mangum. Third row: Jane Jeppson,

Diane Chavez, Becky Pierce, Kathleen FOR LDS CHAPELS and SERVICES

Hepner. In the second picture: First

row: Faafeai Tusieseina, Fuiava TusieBeautiful in Appearance

row: Paepaega Secondseina, Va Afemata. Uitimela Beautiful in Performance Afemata, FealofaniFaatafuna,

N. Lealao, Mekiafa Vaifanna. Third

row: Ioane Faatafuna, Vaimasima VaiCUSTOM BUILT at REASONABLE PRICES

fanua, Sefo Feteru, Iareto Tapopo, and

Leafitusi Satele, the Scoutmaster. The

Beehive girls worked under the direction of Betty Gotberg and Ethel Wilson, Beekeepers; the neckerchiefs were presented

to Troop 2, Alao, Tutuila, American

Samoa, by Elder Tracy Wilson who had been in charge of organizing this LDS

Scout troop with the aid of Vaimasima

Vaifanua.

SILVER GLEANER AWARDS

These eight girls from Provo Second

Ward, West Utah Stake, have received their Silver Gleaner awards. From left

to right: Jerrie Sorenson Fackrell, Mary

Dawn Harward, Arleen Harding, Carolyn

Williams, Colleen Williams, Geri Jones,

Seloma Cluff, and Mary Lee Thatcher.

At the far right is Julaine Pons, the ward

Jr. Gleaner leader.

Whitehorse, Yukon, Canada Gentlemen: Recently I happened across the May 1957 issue of your magazine. Be assured

it was a great source of strength and encouragement for me.

Possibly you would be interested in knowing to what extent your fine magazine reaches the far corners of the world.

small a Alert, it at this was case In Fifth Millcreek Ward IN INSTALLATIONS Seventh Ward tip of Holladay northern the station on weather sets pipes) of (10 pipes) SALT sets LAKE CITY AREA of (13 miles from Island, 450 Ellesmere Canada's

Fourth Kaysville Ward Stake House Wilford northernmost world's the Pole, North the sets pipes) of (5 sets pipes) of (18 the sure feel magaquite I spot. inhabited

zine has gone as far north as it can go for the near future.

I do not know who was responsible for spot, isolated being in this magazine your grateful to my DESERET PIPE ORGAN CO. shall be everlastingly but I

unknown benefactor who saw fit to send 20 South 9th East Salt Lake City, Utah EM 4-1692 the Era to "the top of the world."

Yours very cordially, DESIGNED AND BUILT BY

Salt Lake Tabernacle G. D. Johns, Lac, Royal JACK A. WARE—Organ Technician—

Canadian Air Force #5 RADU Pipe Organs for your Home from $2495.00

RCAF Station WAYNE DEVEREAUX DAN ADAMSON 2438 No. Mt. Road 4225 Eastern Ave.

Ogden, Utah Seattle, Washington

Representative VISIT US DURING APRIL CONFERENCE Representative

APRIL 1959 217 How to create 14 Sunday School LONG BEACH STAKE GIRLS

ACHIEVE

Long Beach (California) Stake recognizes with honor Kathleen Lybbert Remel rooms for only $3,641 of Long Beach Sixth Ward, and Kay

Fowkes of the Compton First Ward for each having a one hundred percent attendance record at Sunday School, Sacrament meeting, and MIA for* five years.

Kathleen has been the sports director of her ward YWMIA, and Kay is the MIA organist of her ward. Long Beach Stake, as of

August 31, 1957, had 46 one hundred percent girls on record—some thirteen percent

of their enrolment.

Kingsville, Texas Dear Editors, We as missionaries really appreciate The

Improvement Era out here in the field. We

let one of our contacts borrow two of the issues that had a few articles in relation to one of our lessons. When she brought

them back she said that she had read them both from cover to cover and had even tried a few of the meal suggestions. She

said that it is the first magazine she has ever come across with such high morals and standards.

Fraternally yours, /s/ Elder Jay C- Hicken Elder Wallace Nelson

Glcnbrook, Connecticut Dear Sir: We just received the March issue of like to I the congratulate Era, would and Louis are closed in a St. ALL installation church. Seven rooms at the left the photoBEMISW side of

all staff fine job your on the you you and side Partitions of corridor the succession at the right to showgraph. other rooms. are open of seven

I of writing do. always because an am

experience which happened to me and my -11-4- 4'I0 is'-e"- 1 his report may be very important for your ward companion. I have been in the mission

I for the nine months. past When... field St. is a There church Louis in suburban new

first in arrived Connecticut, Glenbrook, 8"floor lower a 31'with x 56'a host to accommodate fine the elders meeting a with young were classes. three classes School even But of Sunday fellow a baptized been few had who

could not meet satisfactorily because of cross noise. months before while he was in the service.

girl Since a married coming he had home folding partition got plans the church Then, and his not did belong from town home who for costs parcomparable and two BEMISWALL fact, to she in not even the Church; would T -w titions. inbid $3,641, was The BEMISWALL talk to him. us with met when we We 10"stalled, for fourteen plus a 4'separate rooms with a stopped about meeting him month

corridor. The next bid was 25 percent higher than after I arrived here, but we sold him a

BEMISWALL'S... and it provided fewer rooms. subscription to the Era. He kept coming

-m The third bid was 29 percent higher... also with to church all the time, but his wife was

fewer rooms. very bitter. Then three weeks ago we got

a call from him. He wanted us to come

instalnight see the next So them. over and we -m BEMISWALLlation was madewas,inofonlycourse,twoselected.days. The.. and that so nice His over wife the went was

membership is happy. she was just like another person. She was

Why is BEMISWALL so much more economical, anxiousbeen teachingto hearher.the Shegospel,reallyanddidn'twe needhave

durable and free from trouble? Simplicity of design, to be taught. She knew a great deal

\ iAMMAAAMAMWW/W primarily. In other principal factors—fire resistance, already. Last night she asked when she

Floor plan, showing arrangement'of sound resistance, ease of handling, compact stackcould be baptized, so on the 30th of this it is will of this entire often the she better a is needthan) rooms. to (and other equal room month become When member

partitions ed are ing—as auditorium, the an is, left point church. her husband The partitions. of for folding the Send the coupon makes right indicated at the "stacked"as

Era's lying the house, bearound and she story. side this of complete drawing. BEMISWALL

came interested and converted because of

TRANSTRANSWALL1 1 1 N. Fourth CoatedStreet, BoxProducts17, St. Louis 2, Mo. II tothesionarypassfine thisforarticlesuson intoin theyouthem.field.all. ItMayisI ajustthegreatwantedLord'smischoicest blessings be with all of you in Please send without

his work. great WALL sample and also of BEMISWALLobligation completematerial. information I COATED PRODUCTS

NameSincerely, I&BENUSJ Elder John Ira Christiansen

AddressBemis Bro. Bag Co. City.Zone State218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Chickasha, Oklahoma Dear Editors:

Last November I sent a subscription for

The Improvement Era to my cousin, J. R.

Nesbitt of Chickasha, Oklahoma. He isnot a Latterday Saint. He is a prominent THE

following city. of that Thebusinessman

I thought MORMONis me. he wrote part of a letteryou might like this from a nonmember. STORY

Cousin:"Dear pictorial account of A us the Era. sending appreciate your "We Mormonism into for putting sincerely you thankWe

our home a journal so devoted to ChrisBytianity.

"It is truly a wonderful addition to our Rulon S. Howells

reading material and shows lots of natural inspiration divinetalent by augmented of rich collection A access writer has as never had thesuch faith. Inspires pictures. of years in the seventythreeto beforeearthly dwelling. jygOftMtf Stimulates a desire

"Thanks again for making it available to learn more about us. to will bless its editors and sponsors. the gospel. "God

"Sincerely, J. R. Nesbitt

Chickasha, Oklahoma"$395 Vicksburg, Mississippi Dear Editors:

I just received a letter from an elder serving in the army from Cedar City, Utah, now in Seoul, Korea.

I agree so much with what he said that

I feel I would like to pass it on to others.

"I received the March Improvement

Era... and I've read many comments in

the letter to the editor column concerning

I agree of the Era. arrangement the new

it is great FAvniy the very nice, but that to me strength of the Era is in its source of material. The wisdom given therein is so inspiring that I just try to soak it all up."NIGH1,

I believe this elder has the right attitude. May I add my congratulations to

you, and my thanks for the many hours of inspiration received from the Era. FAMILY

Be assured that it travels to several isolated families on the Mississippi Bayou beNIGHT fore being worn out. READER

Sincerely, Neil J. Ferrell By

Special Investigations Hydraulic Division S. Dilworth Young

US Army Waterways Exp. Sta. A book for parents

and young folks to Whittier, Alaska read and discuss on

Dear Editors: Family Night. Explains

I'd like to take this opportunity to tell basic principles of you how much we have enjoyed our Era. the gospel

We organized a small group here, and many times the answers we were looking for were in the Era. We have dwindled

to just a few now but have had as many as twentyfour out to our services. We have had our group here for a year and $250

a half, and are isolated except for a train called a shopper's special, which takes us to town once a week. The missionaries

come down from Anchorage once a month.

Since we all have tiny homes, and couldn't have them stay overnight, the military authorities here have made rooms available when possible.

the magazine. Thank you again for m

Sincerely, BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE E. Johnson Carl Mrs.

1186 SOUTH MAIN DA 8-C566 W$8MmM:imMm

APRIL 1959 219 YOUNG, RAPIDLY GROWING UTAH ELECTRONICS FIRM

Has immediate openings for ambitious, qualified, experiThe Church enced people in the following fields

CHIEF ENGINEER Moves On SALES ENGINEER MECHANICAL ENGINEERS February 1959

DESIGN President Arza A. Hinckley and his counselors, Elders Harvey

PACKAGING R. Durrant and John H. Vandenberg, sustained as the presiELECTRICAL ENGINEERS dency of the Ensign (Salt Lake City) Stake, succeeding

SERVOMECHANISMS President D. Edward Judd, and his counselors, Elders A. Palmer

Holt and F. Briton McConkie.

TRANSISTOR CIRCUITS This was the beginning of Boy Scout week throughout the

INSTRUMENTATION SYSTEMS Church.

NUCLEAR AND MISSILE DATA SYSTEMS February—month of the annual penny drive for the Primary

Children's Hospital in Salt Lake City. Officials urged that

TECHNICAL WRITERS birthdays be doubled in making contributions to this hospital

DRAFTSMEN drive this year.

ELECTRONIC TECHNICIANS The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

George Z. Aposhian as president of the Central Atlantic

States Mission, succeeding President Henry A. Smith. At

Send resume or write for addithis call, President Aposhian is presiding in Wilford Stake. He is a

tional information. All replies member of the Deseret Industries Committee, and president of the

kept confidential. Jewish Mission in the Salt Lake Valley. He is also chairman of

the Brighton Committee of the MIA and the Woodland LDS Girls

Camp. He is a former bishop of the Kenwood Ward. As a young

man he filled a mission in California where he spent much of his labors in the Fresno area among people of his own native country

MONTEK of Armenia. Mrs. Aposhian will accompany him to this new field

of labor. The couple have three sons and one daughter. Within

ASSOCIATES, INC. homethe monthpreparatorytheir youngestto fillingson,a missionLawrencein theB.,Centralwill enterAtlanticthe missionStates.

4675 South State Street Salt Lake City 7, Utah Elder Finn B. Paulsen sustained as president of the Wilford

(Utah) Stake, succeeding President George Z. Aposhian,

recently called as president of the Central Atlantic States

Mission. Sustained with President Paulsen were his counselors,

Elders Lee H. Nelson and Merritt H. Egan. Released with President Aposhian were his counselors, Elders Verden E. Bettilyon and

Byron B. Robinson.

Elder Boyce H. Lines sustained as president of the Mt. Graham

FOR A NEW THRILL Lines(Arizona)had servedStake, succeedingas second counselor.President HarryEldersV. MoroniPayne. M.PresidentLarson

IN TRAVEL and Golden Wayne Mack were sustained as counselors. Elder J.

FLY TO Vernon McGrath was released as first counselor.

HONGKONG BANKOK Elder LaVere N. Bagwell sustained as president of the San

SINGAPORE Luis ( Colorado ) Stake, succeeding President Leonard Marion

TOKYO Haynie. President Bagwell's counselors are Elders Martin

during April or May B. Mickelsen and Eugene D. Haynie. Released as counselors with

C.MURDOCK President Haynie were Elders Ivan M. Thomas and Joseph

TRA VEL Mortensen. (Continued on page 270)

51 North State Street Salt Lake City, Utah Dial Davis 2-1129

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Response is what you feel the instant you touch, pipelike quality of the traditional organ. On

the keys of an organ. Response is also what you the other hand, when playing staccato, the

hear... what you create musically. response is crisp and fast. Whatever the music,

At the Baldwin Organ, you are complete you cannot "outplay"the Baldwin key action.

master of response. When keys are depressed For more detailed information concerning

smoothly for a legato effect, the response is a electronic organs, write for our easyto-read true legato. The Baldwin exclusive gradual key "Questions and Answers"booklet.

contact gives a dynamic buildup of tone for the A free copy awaits your request.

IMPORTANT BOOK FREE!

The Baldwin Piano Company, Building R-8, Cincinnati 2, Ohio

Please send FREE BOOK "Questions and Answers"

Name

Address.

City JZone State.

ALSO BUILT BY BALDWIN: ORGASONIC, SPINET ORGANS; BALDWIN, ACROSONIC, HAMILTON AND HOWARD PIANOS

APRIL 1959 221

JJ8 9mmToward

Among the virtues that combined to make Jesus Christ the perfect man are truth, justice, wisdom, benevolence, and selfcontrol. Every thought, word, or

deed of Jesus was in harmony with divine law, and therefore truth. The channel of communication between him and

the Father was constantly open; so that

truth which "rests upon revelation"was always known to him. His ideal of

justice is summed up in, "Do unto others as you would have others do unto you."

His ivisdom was so broad and deep that it comprehended the ways of men and the purposes of God.

The apostles could not always comprehend the significance and depth of some m R of his simplest sayings; the lawyers couldismm

not entrap him; the greatest teachers

were but pupils in his presence. Every

act that is recorded of his short though eventful life was one of benevolence, which comprehends charity and love.

His selfcontrol, whether exemplified in his power over his appetites and passions, or his dignity and poise before his persecutors, was perfect and divine.

Now, what are the teachings of the

Church regarding these virtues and all they comprehend? If the Church fail

to make men, fail to foster moral manhood, there is no reason for its existence.

Editors Page

by President David O. McKayPerfection

"... truth,"said the Prophet Joseph through inspiramentioned in the thirteenth article of faith. Honesty

tion, "is knowledge of things as they are, and as they is the principle of moral manhood. It is impossible

were, and as they are to come; to associate manhood with dishonesty. To be just

"And whatsoever is more or less than this is the with oneself and to others, one must be honest spirit of that wicked one who was a liar from the with oneself and with others. This means honesty in

beginning. speech as well as in actions. It means to avoid telling

"The Spirit of truth is of God."He further says halftruths as well as untruths. It means that we are

that no man receiveth a fulness of truth unless "he honest in our dealings—our buying as well as our sellkeepeth his commandments."(D & C 93:2426.) Here, ing. It means that a man's word is better than his

then, in just these few words, we have given not only bond. It means that we are honest in our dealings

the definition of truth, but also the way to obtain it. with the Lord.

No man can be a true Latterday Saint and not Wisdom.—"Seek ye diligently and teach one another

love truth. Being true is a fundamental doctrine, of words of wisdom; yea; seek ye out of the best books

the Church. A man who is true is upright, is conwords of wisdom; seek learning, even by study and

scientious, is honorable in all his dealings, is faithful also by faith."(Ibid., 88:118.) Such is the commandin fulfilling his obligations, is trustworthy, is diligent ment given to this people, and the full significance of

in the performance of duty; he is true to himself, and it may be more fully realized when we know that

therefore to his fellow men and to his God. man's eternal salvation, God's greatest gift to man,

Justice.-Justice is "rendering to every one his due, is dependent upon his knowledge; for "It is impossible

right, or desert."To be just, then, one must of necesfor a man to be saved in ignorance."(Ibid., 131:6.)

sity be honest, fair, and impartial; he will be respectful Wisdom is the right use of knowledge, and compreand reverential. It is impossible for a man to be just hends judgment, discrimination, study, etc.

and at the same time be disrespectful or irreverent; Benevolence.—Benevolence in its fullest sense is the

for when disrespectful or irreverent, he is unjust in sum of moral excellence, and comprehends every other not giving respect and reverence where they are virtue. It is the motive which prompts us to do good

merited. to others—which leads us to "Live our life for Christ's

All the teachings of the Church cry out against sake."

injustice, and its condemnation is most severe upon A benevolent man is kind and true to his family, is him who oppresses his brother. Members are adactive for good in his state, and is a faithful worker

monished to use their authority justly, for "the powers in the Church. It was a true spirit of benevolence that

of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled only upon prompted Joseph Smith to say: "If my life is of no

the principles of righteousness."(Ibid., 121:36.) value to my friends, it is of no value to me."It was

Honesty, as included in justice, is the first virtue this spirit perfected (Continuedon page 301)

APRIL 1959 Second of the series "Mixed Voices on Book of Mormon criticism

Kangaroo Court

fart Two by Hugh Nibley, Contributing Editor

One of the few critics ever to do a serious piece discuss the notion of its ancient authorship, unless of work on the Book of Mormon was H. C. Sheldon. briefly for pragmatic and missionary purposes."33

In coming to grips with the problem, he tells us exHere we have it again: the only reason any scholar

actly what his position is. "The primary question is, consults the Book of Mormon is to debunk it for

Are those claims credible, or do they bear unmispolemical purposes—pragmatic and missionary. The

takably the stamp of falsehood and imposture?"A historical question raised by the book is purely and

leading question, indeed, but at last we have someone simply that of its ancient authorship—a problem that

who at least recognized the possibility of an alternascholars have never discussed, according to Prince.

tive—Linn reads the book avowedly to prove it false, Why not? we ask. Because it cannot stand up to

Taylder gives us our choice of whether Smith was one critical investigation—it falls before every canon of

kind of liar or another, but Mr. Sheldon is actually historical criticism. Has it been tested by any of

willing to recognize an "either/or"situation. Only those canons? Of course not, it isn't worth the

in the next sentence he takes it all back: "Many controuble!

ditions, some of which are of compelling force, shut This absurd position, that the Book of Mormon has up the critical investigator to the second alternative."30 failed to pass a test which has never been given it

What chicanery! Our guide tells us that the "primary because of its failure to pass, etc., is neatly confirmed

question"for consideration is whether the Book of by the learned LaRue in 1919. "What of the book

Mormon is true or false, and then calmly informs us itself?"he asks, "No serious consideration has ever

that the first alternative is under no circumstances to been given it by men of science. It is considered a

be examined. The jury is instructed to choose befabrication...."34 Since it is a fabrication, why should

tween A and B, with the specification that A has been any man of science waste his time with it? The

disqualified before the contest; with that understandanswer is, that only by spending a lot of time with

able limitation the jury may favor whomever they it can any man of science prove that it is a fabrication will. in the first place. But such reasoning does not count:

As early as 1835 one editor announced a policy that "How could three rational men address all nations, was to become standard procedure in dealing with kindreds, tongues and people,"LaRue asks, "and the Book of Mormon, "an artifice so vile, shallow and say that God had told them that these plates had been contemptible, that it can never deceive one intelligent translated by the gift and power of God....?"Anperson; therefore we think it unworthy of so much other rhetorical question, and quite pointless besides,

as a contradiction!"31 This is exactly the position since the problem of how they could do so is overtaken in what has been hailed as recently as 1950 as ridden by the admitted fact that they did.

the most thorough and devastating attack ever made Writing in the following year, C. S. Jones, after an

on the Book of Mormon, a study by W. F. Prince, almost unbelievably confused and inaccurate account

published in the America Journal of Psychology in of the contents of the Book of Mormon makes his 1917. 32 We shall deal with this study later, but first point: "It would be easy, pitably easy, if it were not

let Dr. Prince tell us how matters stand with science supererogatory, to pulverize this claim... but cui

and the Book of Mormon: bono?"3:'Cui bono being Latin for "what's the use?"

"Since the odd contents of the volume lamentably We now have the comforting assurance that if the or ludicrously fall before every canon of historical scholars and scientists have neglected the Book of criticism, scholars have not thought it.worth while to Mormon it has not been because they were too busy

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA with more important things—for anything as "pitiably

easy"as the debunking of the book, a crying need in our society, should not require more than a few easy hours of a good man's time. Why don't they get at

it? "What's the use?"asks Mr. Jones, a strange question from one who feels that the world is in desperate

need of a book by him entitled The Truth about the

Mormons.

No antiMormon book has been pushed more diligently in high places than Arbaugh's University of

Chicago thesis on Revelation in Mormonism. Arbaugh

informs us that "apart from specialized treatises, there is only one scientific book on Mormonism,"and that is Linn's work, "... quite incomplete, out of date,

and defective, presenting a maze of indigested facts."36

In view of such a state of sorry neglect, one might expect Arbaugh himself to do some real digging on the Book of Mormon, especially since revelation in his story. But no: he disarmingly informs us that

where the book is concerned he is going to take his information from a single collection of thirdand fourthhand reports made by the Reverend Charles

A. Shook in 1912. 37 For Mr. Arbaugh, "The fact that

Mormonism is fantastic, interesting, and available for study as no other religion is, makes its study a pleasant task."It presents no real problem because it is simply

"fantastic"—you don't have to worry about proving or

disproving fantastic things, do you?

As recently as 1957 the same Arbaugh has got out a pamphlet which he modestly describes as "an authoritative handbook on Mormonism—concise...

scholarly... objective.""This is not an exposure of

Mormonism,"he cries with liberal magnanimity. "One

complaint which can be urged against exposures is that they sometimes confuse hearsay with fact."3S

But not Arbaugh; no prejudice for him! He will Failed to pass a test ivhich was never given

write no scandalized exposure, but give his little book because of failure to pass it.

the neutral and unemotional title of Gods, Sex, and

Saints: The Mormon Story, and promises to tell us,

without a spark of ill feeling, how "the integrative

APRIL 1959 225 principle of sex"operates in this "polytheistic mystery In an ambitious historical study of the Book of cult."Thus with a preliminary barrage of loaded Mormon published in 1954, Professor Meinhold of

words Mr. Arbaugh prepares us for his exercise in Kiel wrote: "To presume to believe on the existence

semantics—for he admits that he has shifted his ground of the 'golden plates,'is in spite of the witnesses,

from the historical to the semantic approach—no need unerhort [unheard of, unthinkable]."44 Unerhort is

to bother about facts here! 38 no argument and no proof; it is the evasion of a task

One of the "exposures"which Dr. Arbaugh conwhich the world has a right to expect of an honest

demns for confusing hearsay with fact is Mrs. Brodie's scholar, and like Eduard Meyer before him, Meinhold

muchheralded novel, recently hailed bv a reviewer sidesteps the responsibility with a shrug. Speaking of

as the work of "primary scholarship"on the Morsuch responsibility, A. E. Housman wrote, years ago,

mons. 39 "Scholars of American literary history have that no scholar, no matter how learned, may be "alremained persistently uninterested in the Book of lowed to fling his opinions in the reader's face without

Mormon,"Mrs. Brodie writes in this book. "No socibeing called to account and asked for his reasons."45

ologist has troubled to draw parallels between the One of the best commentaries on this text is one of

Book of Mormon and other sacred books, like the the latest: Dr. O'Dea has observed, not without a

Koran and Science and Health, though all are... an touch of Irish wit, that "the Book of Mormon has

obscure compound of folklore, moral platitude, not been universally considered by its critics as one mysticism, and millennialism."40 That should be of those books that must be read in order to have an

enough to show how deep Mrs. Brodie herself has opinion of it."40 We have seen why.

gone in her "primary scholarship."She is quite unFrom the brief survey of critical policy just preaware of Eduard Meyer's work though she could not sented, one fact stands out conspicuously—the fact

possibly have avoided him in any serious study of the that from first to last the foremost objection to the

Book of Mormon or the Koran, and she apparently book, an objection that far outweighs all others both thinks that people who study and compare ancient as to the frequency and feeling with which it is put and modern religious texts are known as sociologists. 40 forward, is that it is hopelessly out of place in our

But she is right about one thing—the Book of Mormon modern, scientific, enlightened society. What amazes

has been persistently neglected. A search in the latest the first commentator is that such a thing can exist "at

encyclopedias, American and foreign, will disclose long this enlightened age of the world": Campbell "sets

articles on the Dead Sea Scrolls but never an article the question... forever at rest, to every rational

on the Book of Mormon. 41 mind"; E. D. Howe is alarmed that "great numbers of

Mr. C. S. Braden in a book devoted to the subject people in our enlightened country"should fall for

of modern scriptures refuses to touch the Book of such a thing; the Reverend Clark is astonished that

Mormon except to note: "Naturally it [the story of it should find followers "in enlightened New England";

the Book of Mormon] has been doubted by those Gregg finds it "simply astounding that any human outside the faith, and every effort has been made to being... can be found so credulous as to believe it";

find a more plausible explanation of the sources of and so on. This completely disqualified the comthese scriptures.... In an age such as ours,"he writes, fortable thesis, that while the Book of Mormon may

"critical of all claims that run counter to what may have impressed the rustic America of a century ago, be scientifically proven, the Mormon has a heavy "in an age such as ours"it simply won't hold up.

burden of proof upon him...,"42 Here, surely is a conForty years ago a critic wrote that if Joseph Smith

venient concept of the function of a textual critic. had "lived at a later age, he would have been laughed

Mr. Braden it is who challenges the book, and to scorn at once."47 The fact is that he was laughed

then Mr. Braden denies any responsibility for proving to scorn at once: in 1830 his book was if anything

his case. He dares the Mormons to convince him, and even more obnoxious to enlightened liberalism and

refuses to study their book. modern education than it is today. "We must not

A Catholic priest prefaces a recent discussion of forget,"one investigator reminds us, "that Mormonism the Book of Mormon with a helpful statement of arose almost yesterday, amid universities and lipolicy: "I, of course, hold that Mormon beliefs, difbraries,"and not in a primitive world. 48 "The modern

fering as they do from the beliefs of Christians during mind,"writes Beardsley, "will reject the Mormon two thousand years, are irreconcilable with the Chrisversion of the golden plates and Urim and Thummim, tian faith."43 In view of that "of course,"one wonas either delusions or fraud."49 But in that respect

ders why Father Rumble bothers even to pretend to the mind of 1830 was quite as "modern"as the mind be investigating the thing, but a reading of the pamof 1930. When Mrs. Brodie announces that twentiethphlet will readily show that he is innocent of any dancentury science has finally "disembowelled"the Book

gerous researches. of Mormon we wait (Continued on page 300)

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i S 1 Thoughts for your Inspirational Talk I 1 I The Highway of I Happiness I I

1 Go forth and preach the gospel, gain an exThe first great commandment was to love the I perience, learn wisdom, and walk humbly before

Lord our God with all our hearts, might, mind 1 your God, that you may receive the Holy Ghost and strength; and the second was like unto it, 1 to guide and direct you, and teach you all things

to love our neighbors as ourselves. And the best I past, present, and to come. Go trusting in God,

to trust in and continue he him, and will open neighour in our love for the world to show way blessings I your you. is upon way and multiply of the forth gospel bors and proclaim to go

of the Lord Jesus Christ, of which he has given 1—President Brigham Young

us an absolute knowledge concerning its di- I vinity. 1—President Heber J. Grant 1 The pathway of righteousness is the highway

of happiness.

1—President George Albert Smith

I

I I There are many roads leading sincere people I It is no light thing for any people in any age toward the Church and kingdom of God, but 1 of the world to have a dispensation of the gospel those who would participate in the privileges of Jesus Christ committed into their hands, and and blessings of citizenship therein must obey 1 when a dispensation has been given, those rethe principles and ordinances of the gospel of 1 ceiving it are held responsible before high

Jesus Christ. i heaven for the use they make of it.

—President David O. McKay I—President Wilford Woodruff

i i i

i

"Behold, I sent you out to testify and warn I the people, and it becometh every man who I All the testimony is that the Lord in the last hath been warned to warn his neighbor."1 days would commit the keys of the priesthood to

of the the gospel over all people. a witness Has

last will in the days? D & C 88:81. 1 bekingdom commenced And

"And I saw another angel fly in the midst of I God take it from man until he takes him himheaven, having the everlasting gospel to preach i self?... John the Revelator saw an angel flying

unto them that dwell on the earth, and to every I through the midst of heaven, having the evernation, and kindred, and tongue, and people, i lasting gospel to preach unto them that dwell on... John saw the angel having the Holy "Saying with a loud voice, Fear God, and give 1 earth.

glory to him; for the hour of his judgment is Priesthood, who should preach the everlasting

come: and worship him that made heaven, and 1 gospel to all nations.

earth, and the sea, and the fountains of waters."I—The Prophet Joseph Smith

Rev. 14:6-7. 1

APRIL 1959 227 i i by Jeanette Decker

The sun beat down dry and hot on Nora Willis as "Good,"Nora smiled, her hand resting briefly on she walked down the path to the garden. Resentfully, his straight little back. With her thick blond hair

her gray eyes traveled over the prickly pear and and his dad's brown eyes set in a tanned face, he was mesquite studded land; the twisted, knotty trunks of as typical South Texas as Jim or the chaparral. She

the mesquites showing their struggle for existence in was the misfit.

this seemingly waterless land. "How is the cattle's water holding out?"she asked,

When she came to the garden, she winced at the cleaning the onions.

sight of stunted vegetables. The adjoining twenty "A little better than the irrigation wells."There

acres of beans, their muchneeded money crop, looked was hopeful determination in Jim's voice. "If we

pitifully wilted in the midday heat. Would the irrican just hold out until fall, maybe there'll be enough

gation wells refill in time? she wondered despairingly. rain."

She pulled a few young onions and started back The fall rains, Nora thought bitterly, would be like up the path. Her steps quickened when she saw Jim all the other fall and spring rains—not enough, or none

and sixyear-old Bobby drive up in the pickup truck. at all. But they always practised dropping tensions at

They waited for her in the carport. mealtime, so she hid her feelings. She placed the

"We got enough prickly pears burned off for the onions on a platter with lettuce and tomatoes and cattle today,"Bobby said importantly, as they trooped set them on the table.

into the kitchen. "Then we worked on the windLunch was over too soon. Nora and Jim lingered

mill."over a cooling drink of buttermilk. Bobby took the

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA collie dog, Pal, out in the shade of the carport to acle, she silently prayed for there to be enough water play. tonight.

Nora watched them romp in the limited space. "Not She tensed, almost not breathing, when Jim started

one shade tree for the child to play under,"she said, the pump on number one well. There was no water.

unable to keep the bitterness from her voice any He shut the pump off, went over and started number longer. two. Water gushed from the pipe into the ditch that

Jim's big brown hand closed over hers. "If this ran along the edge of the field. She watched it flow

drought ever breaks, we'll fill the yard with trees. down between the rows of beans, quickly swallowed

And you can have those flowers and shrubs you up by dry soil. Then only a dribble came from the

want."pipe.

"Oh, Jim, why don't we face it?"she said im- "It was a good start,"Jim said, shutting off the

patiently. "We're finished. I'm tired of us working pump.

ourselves to death for nothing."They left the garden and slowly walked back up the

Jim's lips tightened. "I have to go into town to get path. "Jim,"Nora began, "why don't we sell out? I

some parts for the windmill. Want to come along?"know you can get easier work than this in town. And

"No."when Bobby starts to school, I could get a job."

When he stood up there was a noticeable slump Jim's voice was curt. "I'm a rancher. I told you

in his shoulders. Ashamed, Nora wondered if her that before we married."

words had caused it. They came to the carport and sat down. A few

The windmill parts were something else to go on feet away six little Mexican ground doves daintily the credit account, she thought, as she washed dishes. fed on bread crumbs Nora had thrown out. Jim

Work and struggle and go deeper in debt. That was studied them. "Birds and animals are having it rough

the story of Jim's and her marriage. in these dry years,"he said quietly. He looked out

The spring she married him and came here she over the pastureland. "The land is having it rough,

had disliked on sight the desolate land, the bareness too. To leave it now would be like deserting a friend

of the fiveroom frame house. But he had implanted when his luck is down."

some of his dreams in her. Nora followed his gaze and saw only the bareness

"Give this sand water and it'll grow anything,"he of the distant hills, the waste of the rock outcrop below told her eagerly. "We'll truck farm the flat land and the house. His loyalty to this parched land that

run cattle on the rest."seemed to delight in producing growth with barbs

That year their herd increased and they had bumper and thorns sent anger soaring in her. "Don't you

crops. The future looked good. They cemented the ever consider your wife and son?"she asked hotly.

back end of the carport, decorating it with colorful The tired lines in his face grew deeper. "My son is

lawn chairs and tables. She brought young trees from happy, growing up the way he should. But I've

her home in East Texas and set them out. When the known for a long time, Nora, that I've failed to make

magnolias leafed out they provided a warm touch you happy."

of home. Nora's anger had been spent with her outburst.

Then the next year, the year Bobby was born, the She started to tell him she was only tired, not undrought struck. Each vear since found them worse happy, but checked herself. He was right; she was

off. The muchcursed prickly pear had become the unhappy.

cattle's supplementary diet but, even so, they had Silence was heavy at breakfast the next morning.

to keep cutting the herd down. Some years there Jim ate waffles with an air of doing so only from

were no crops, and her young trees had long since necessity. Nora knew he was still hurt. She wanted

died. Now something in her had died. to relieve him of some of his worries, to try to conThat evening tired lines showed in Jim's face as he vince him she hadn't meant what she said. But she

poured a glass of water from the jug in the refrigerator couldn't. She pushed her waffles away untouched.

and stood resting against the wall while he drank. Bobby, busy satisfying a lusty appetite, was un-

"I'd better see about irrigating the beans,"he said mindful of the strained atmosphere. When he swalwhen he finished. Nora left supper on the stove and lowed his last bite, he eagerly turned to Jim. "Are

followed him out the door. we going to finish fixing the windmill this morning,

The breeze had turned cool, and the fastdisappear- Daddv?"

ing sun cast a purplerose glow across the darkening "Yes, and we'd better get started,"Jim answered, sky. A road runner darted across the path in front getting up. He avoided looking at Nora as he went

of them. Nora hardly noticed, though. Her thoughts out the door.

were at the end of the path. As if asking for a mirNora finished her housework, then attacked a pile

APRIL 1959 229 of jeans and shirts that had to be mended. Still, the "Just needed a little water,"Jim said one evening,

morning dragged, and she had a feeling of dread she as they sat on the rocks. It was the cool, peaceful

couldn't shake off. Finally she realized what was time between sundown and dusk.

wrong; it was because she was at odds with Jim. "All we need is a little water,"Nora answered.

They had quarreled many times, but this was not a "I know."Jim's dark face grew serious. "You've

quarrel. It went deeper than that. At ten she put been in such good spirits lately, I've hated to say

the mending aside and went to the garden to get some anything, but the cattle's water is playing out. And

corn for lunch. we can't afford to go deeper in debt drilling hitand-

She saw today that the beans were losing their battle miss for another well."

with drought and sun. The wells would not refill in "Since the garden's ruined, can't we get a little

time to save them. Her eyes blurred with tears as water from the irrigation wells for the cattle?"

she savagely pulled corn. She felt trapped. The land "I've been thinking about rigging up a portable tank

had dried up, yet Jim stubbornly refused to leave it. near enough to pipe water from them. If that doesn't

Her arms filled with corn, she hurried from the work, we'll have to sell. And for almost nothing, too,"

garden. But suddenly the thought of returning to the Jim said quietly.

confinement of the house and starting lunch was unNora looked over at Bobby and Pal. Bobby, his

bearable. She left the path. brown back shirtless, was seeing how far he could

She found herself at the rock outcrop watching heatthrow rocks. Here he had room to grow and play,

waves simmer up from the waste. It was like an inroom to train his mind to reflect and think. She knew

ferno. A vague thought in back of her mind told her now that this was the way she wanted him to grow

she had only come here to feed her misery. up. It was something Jim must have realized all

She started to walk on, then suddenly stopped. In along. She took his hand, its warmth reassuring to

a rocky cove grew a small wild olive bush, its dusty, her. "We won't have to sell,"she said passionately.

velvety green leaves blending with rock and soil. But a few days later when they finished laying the

How did it get here? And how did it survive? This pipe to the new tank, only to get a small amount of

was several miles north from where it habitually grew water, she faced the grim facts. She stood beside

wild. She finally reasoned that a bird must have Jim, tired from the labor, afraid of the future.

carried the fruit from a tree in a nearby yard. She "Go start lunch, honey,"Jim said. "I've got to do

laid the corn on the ground, leaned over, and gently some tinkering on one of the pumps."

touched an ovate leaf. Closer examination of the "All right."

gnarled little trunk told that it had been struggling From habit Nora circled over to the wild olive bush.

here many seasons. She was filled with awe at the Some of the white blossoms lay scattered on the

tree's rugged determination to live and grow in nextground. She picked one up, resting it tenderly in the

toimpossible conditions. She made a vow to help palm of her hand. The delicate appearance was dein the fight. ceiving, she knew.

Filled with a feeling of hope, her steps were light In the days that followed they desperately switched as she returned to the house. the cattle between the two tanks. They watched the

In the kitchen, she threw on her apron and quickly fantastically rapid growth of the olive bush. Its whiteprepared Jim's favorite pie, pumpkin. Pumpkin pie sprinkled top could now be seen from the house. And

to tell him she had changed. all the while Nora was trying to adjust to the idea of

At lunch, watching the tired, tight lines fade from a new kind of life. By little things he said, she knew

his face she knew how badly she had been pulling Jim was, too.

the wrong way in their partnership. When they finOne day after lunch when he started out the kitchen

ished their pie, she took Bobby and him to see the door, he stopped and stood looking down toward the wild olive bush. wild olive.

"Aw, I've seen that before,"Bobby said, disappoint- "Nora,"he said suddenly, "are you slipping extra ment in his voice. water to that tree?"

"I'm going to water it as long as there's a drop of "You know I'm not,"she answered, piqued.

water,"Nora said stubbornly. "It's getting more than a bucket a day,"he mused.

Jim put his arm around her. "Sure we are, honey. "I've been thinking the last few days—the roots must

Anything with that much determination deserves a have gone down and found water."

fighting chance.""Oh, Jim,"Nora said, trying to conceal her pity for

Every evening after supper they carried a bucket him and his desperate hopes.

of water to the bush, each trip marveling at the new "I think we should transplant the tree and investigrowth. In August it produced its first white blossoms. gate."(Continued on page 298)

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA music in the air Dear Editors: along the road. Some thought that perhaps some

Just a little human interest story that I thought you member of the group had installed one on a billboard might be interested in. that was erected on the lot.

Our lot, up on the Olentangy River Road, where Of course, everyone knew that there was a new, our new chapel is to be built lay idle and full of nearly completed church across the street, but noweeds and something had to be done before the exbody suspected the members—that is, not at first. On

cavations for the foundations began. A mower was further inspection, however, we noticed that on their

to be used, but, before it could tackle the job, many tower were two loudspeakers sending forth their rocks had to be moved off the lot by hand. beautiful message. We all ventured across the street

The problem was solved, as it usually is among and, sure enough, they had obtained recordings of

Latterday Saints and the Mutual Improvement Assothe Mormon Tabernacle Choir from Salt Lake City—

ciations of our ward invited all the young people out our songs—and the new church group was using them

to a rockmoving weiner roast. A large crowd gathto try out the loudspeakers. On making ourselves

ered in anticipation of work and a good time. known we discovered that the building belonged to

As the youth busied themselves on the weedy lot the Christian Reformed Church (Dutch) from Holland.

they were suddenly aroused by the beautiful strains They had learned we were building across the street of music wafting through the air. Could they have from them. Oh, how friendly that music made us

been hearing things? No indeed! The familiar voices feel toward them, and their friendliness toward us

of a choir singing the beautiful "Come, Come Ye was equally warm. We are very grateful to have

Saints"actually filled the evening with the song's such friendly neighbors to build close to. It was a

beautiful melody and words. most gratifying sound to hear our songs played by a

Everyone looked to find where the music was comneighboring church and to know of their appreciation ing from and were unable to determine the source. of our music.

We all began to question and suspect one another Sincerely, of possessing a loudspeaker on one of the cars parked A Church Member.

APRIL 1959 231 Leadership Development

by Sterling W. Sill

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve

cist disregarded the details of the doctor's prescription and either because of carelessness, ignorance, or disobedience added to, or subtracted from, the doctor'sTHE BLUEPRINT specifications. If you were sick, a good way to get

well would be to get the best doctor and then follow Recently I had the thrilling experience of his directions carefully.

watching a very successful builder directing This idea is a tremendous one. Think of the

importance of the formula to the scientist. It has

the construction of a multimillion dollar been said that science is just a collection of success formulas. It is by means of the formula that mostbuilding. He had before him what looked truth is preserved and passed on to us. The formula

to me like a rather complicated set of plans makes it possible for each of us to take advantage of the life's work of many others. By being able to

which he called the blueprint. These drawfollow expert direction effectively, one can reproduce

that success can outstanding in his the most own lifeings had been made by a famous firm of field. planners greatest the in any conceived be by

architects after months of study and a lifetime of One of the most significant applications of this successful experience. I was greatly impressed with important truth is found in the field of religion where

the thought that the most magnificent building that our very lives and happiness are at stake, both here the greatest architects had ever conceived could be and hereafter. It is also in this field that we have the

materialized by any good builder, merely by following greatest expert to follow. God appointed the most

the blueprint. capable intelligence of heaven to come into the world

But this same idea operates everywhere. A sculptor to be our Savior and Redeemer. He is the architect

has a model to work from. An expert dressmaker of our salvation, the designer of our happiness, the

has a pattern by means of which she is able quickly finisher of our faith. He has knowledge and underand accurately to produce whatever the greatest standing far superior to that possessed by any other

artists may design. A good cook can make capital person, and he has prepared the blueprint for us

out of the most famous recipes. A dependable comwhich eliminates all chance and risk. He has made

pounding pharmacist utilizes the many years of study trial and error unnecessary and failure impossible—

in the best medical schools by the greatest doctors. if we use the divine plan in building and operating

Then by the skill of the pharmacist in following the our lives. This makes available to us an excellence,

prescription, he helps to save the lives of many people. beauty, and happiness in life not otherwise possible.

It would, of course, be very dangerous if the pharmaOut of his rich experience and wisdom the Savior

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I I!

himself has made detailed road maps with carefully even being aware of it; for example, I recently met

erected signboards showing us exactly how to get to with a group of missionaries. One missionary in the

our destination. But in addition, he came into the circle yawned. Immediately another yawned. Then

world personally to serve as our pattern and guide. I watched that yawn go all around the room as the

One of the greatest sermons ever preached upon this example of one missionary reacted upon the others.

earth is composed of just three words in which Jesus Yawns are contagious, but so is enthusiasm, and said, "Come follow me."so is faith, and so are industry and courage. We adopt

A sermon that we can see is the easiest one to consciously and unconsciously the mannerisms and follow. In life, like in everything else, our most imthought patterns of others. Think of the effect that

portant need is a good pattern to go by. That is, the the life of Jesus had upon Simon Peter and the other

strongest power in the world is the power of example. disciples who followed him. That is the same effect

That is how we learned to walk; that is how we he will have upon us if we learn to follow the pattern.

learned to talk; that is why one baby speaks English It is easy to become great in the company of great

and another speaks German. Imitation is the way we men because we have a pattern to go by.

learn almost every other thing in life. We follow Of course this principle works either for good or

others in the clothes we wear, in how our hair is for evil. We often do unworthy things because somecut, in the things we say, and in the ideas we think. one else sets us a bad example. When Lucifer reWhen you ate your breakfast this morning, you belled, onethird of all of the hosts of heaven followed

probably did it with a fork in your right hand. If after him. This process of followthe-leader is still

you were born in England or certain parts of Canada, going on. When one boy walks out of priesthood

you may have eaten with the fork in your left hand. attendance, others follow suit. When one smokes,

If you had been born in China or Japan, you may not others smoke. One uses profanity, and others do the

have used a fork at all. The difference is accounted same. People, like planets, have orbits and are held

for by the fact that we borrow our behavior from in place by the attraction of each other. When one

those around us. Even Jesus said, "The son can do gets off his prescribed course, others follow the lead.

nothing of himself, but what he seeth the father Whether we are on the "straight and narrow road"do:..."(John 5:19.) or the "broad way"of life, no one walks alone; each

The power of a good example is not only the strongmarches at the head of some sort of caravan.

est influence in the world; it is also one of the most A builder's fame and fortune, assuming that he has

highly contagious. Think of the uplifting influence the right architects, depend on how well he can follow

of a good home where children may absorb the ideals, the blueprint. Specifications must be strictly adhered

ideas, and standards of conduct of those around to in every detail. If one detail is wrong, that throws

them. This absorption often takes place without our something else out of [Continued on page 290)

APRIL 1959 233 Conducted by the Unified Church School System

1 ******$'HK 40W A

"And I give unto you a commandment that you Ernest Garrison tells of the influence that the eleven shall teach one another the doctrine of the kingdom. apostles have had on the western world for nineteen

"That ye teach diligently and my grace shall attend hundred years. Here were but eleven men, but they

you, that you may be instructed more perfectly in were so imbued with their message that they have theory, in principle, in doctrine, in the law of the changed the whole course of history. Most of them

gospel, in all things that pertain unto the kingdom were fishermen; one was a tax collector. They were not

of God, that are expedient for you to understand."the Caesars or the Neros or the Alexanders or the great

(D & C 88:7778.) intellectuals of their day. Such men have paled into

insignificance when compared to those eleven men

This is the Lord's charge to teachers in Israel—to who had a message. The difference is, the eleven

teach, and to teach diligently, the doctrine of the knew that the message they had would change the kingdom. The Lord has spoken it, and he has promworld.

ised special blessings. He has called teachers to be Others, too, have changed the world with that same

his messengers of the gospel in this the "last dispenmessage. Consider the Prophet Joseph Smith. Can

sation,"which President J. Reuben Clark admonished one think of him without a message, without the

is a "dispensation of unprecedented responsibility."knowledge of the Godhead that he had, without the

It follows then, that the teachers of the Church today conviction of the first vision? Can one think how

are carrying an "unprecedented responsibility"to repdestitute he would have been without the message resent the Lord with diligence in instructing our of the Book of Mormon? Can one think how destitute

youth "in theory, in principle, in doctrine,"and "in the world would be without that message?

the law of the gospel."Think of it! The gospel and The Church has that message today, but it needs

the priesthood have been restored for the last time! messengers of courage, faith, and scholarship. It needs

That message must be proclaimed now, and with teachers so imbued with the message that they will power, by the teachers of this Church. teach diligently and will accept their commission.

In his book, The March of Eleven Men, Winfred "How beautiful upon the mountains are the feet of

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Elder A. Theodore Tuttle

of the First Council of the Seventy and Supervisor of Seminaries and Institutes

phasized that fact. Even though he was asked some

very direct questions during his interviews with his bishop, with his stake president, and finally with one of the General Authorities, he failed to answer truthfully; then he had gone into the mission field. His

mission president called him aside and asked him if he had anything in his heart that he wanted to discuss before he was assigned to his labors, and he said, him that bringeth good tidings, that publisheth peace; "No."Then he went out and tried to teach the gospel.

that bringeth good tidings of good, that publisheth That, of course, was the final test—the test in which

salvation; that saith unto Zion, Thy God reigneth!"he failed. The missionary discovered he could not do

(Isaiah 52:7.) missionary work without the Spirit of the Lord. He

Every teacher in this Church can be such a messenlearned that he could not deceive the Lord nor himger. He can meet his "unprecedented responsibility"self. His plight was exceedingly serious!

if he will remember that this is the last dispensation We cannot deal with the things of the Spirit unless and that to carry the message he needs three basic we are right with the Lord.

things: The Spirit of the Lord, a scholarship that "... Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have

means an acquaintance with the things of the Spirit, entered into the heart of man, the things which God and the willingness to work. Any teacher who will, hath prepared for them that love him.

can fulfil these needs. Then he, too, can go forth as a "But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit:

man with a message that will change the world. for the Spirit searcheth all things, yea, the deep things

The first basic need of teachers in the Church, of God.

that of having the Spirit of the Lord to be with them, "For what man knoweth the things of a 'man, save is very real indeed. The experience of a foolish young the spirit of man which is in him? even so the things

man who was recently interviewed for a mission emof God knoweth no man, ( Continued on page 286

APRIL 1959 235 The Talisman by Nell Womack Evans

"She's ready, Addie,"William had said proudly. developed Addie became the sole support of the

"It's not like the place in Chicago, but it's ours."family for two years.

Addie had to admit the oneroom cabin made of "But for passing the time with you, the hard winlogs they had peeled themselves was a far cry from ters and rocking the babies I'd never have finished the house that had been destroyed in the Chicago the Queen Anne's,"she consoled William. "No need

fire. to worry about your accident."

"We knew it would be different when we came*, William worried so about everything! About Addie's

William,"she said, touching his arm lightly. "It's lack of gracious living; about the children's lack of

strong. I'm glad we came."schooling! About debt! Most of all about debt!

For the first time since the fire William felt free. "William hates debt,"she had reasoned, and moved

It had been his decision to accept tickets for the west by his restlessness of recent weeks, the approach of given by the city of Chicago to burnedout citizens. the Christmas season, and a sense of loving secrecy,

It was a big decision, but they had no choice. Addie had made a big decision. "I'll sell the Queen

"Thank you, Addie,"he had whispered softly. Anne's!"

They pointed RockyMountainward where a new Early the next morning under the guise of deliverrailroad was making its initial run into a young Coloing butter and eggs Addie bundled up and headed the rado Springs. RockyMountainward it was then—five miles to Gregory's Crossroads Store. Queen

with a crochet needle and thread for a Queen Anne's Anne's, wrapped in an old slicker as protection from tablecloth to bolster her courage. the falling snow, rode beside her. Only once after

The Queen Anne's became a sort of talisman, a making up her mind did she give it a thought—

yearafter-year project, a family byword. as she reached Old Man Gregory's store and saw him

Addie's fingers itched to get it finished. frown as she walked in. Then she patted the talis-

"It will serve as inspiration to more gracious living,"man!

she told William as she helped to clear the land for "You will never grace my mahogany table, but then farming and tended her fastgrowing butterand-egg I may never own a mahogany table. You will put a

business. Crocheting on Queen Anne's became smile on my William's face,"she mused.

spasmodic, but it was still important. "Good morning, Mr. Gregory. I've come to settle

"A pretty dining table is culture,"she declared, as up,"she said, disliking him a little for his change of she rode over the mountains of rangeland over which attitude as he said, their scrubby cattle roamed. But she didn't forget "Good morning, Addie. Now that's mighty fine

her talisman. news. Storekeepers need money, too, you know."

As the years passed, the tablecloth grew. In each "Mr. Gregory, it's not money I'm offering you to

stitch, the saga of their life was perpetuated. Addie settle our account,"Addie said firmly. "I heard your

crocheted for recreation; she crocheted to alleviate wife had a new dining table; she'd find my Queen

boredom and loneliness; she crocheted to overcome Anne's lace cloth an acceptable gift for Christmas...."

fright. She was alone except for the three babies. "Well now, Addie, I don't know about that. It's

William logged, prospected, or helped out on adjoinjust handwork, and you owe quite a bit."

ing ranches—anything to stave off debt and have an "Just handwork, indeed. Mr. Gregory, it took me

iron in the fire of the future, for it was nip and tuck several years to finish my talisman to gracious living!

to make a living in this young hard country with There's love in every stitch. Will you take it for

a growing family. what we owe on groceries and mark our bill PAID?"

The day the tree broke William's leg and gangrene "I reckon I will if you're sure my wife will like it,"

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I reckon I will if you're sure my wife will like it,"Mr. Gregory

said as he handed Addie the hill marked "Paid in FmM."

Mr. Gregory said as he handed Addie the bill marked

"Paid in Full."

Only then did Addie's bravado falter. "Thank you,"

she murmured fighting tears. "May I borrow your

quill one minute?"

"Merry Christmas to my husband, 1875,"she wrote on the reverse side of the bill. "My own William

from your own Addie, with love."

Had this all happened fiftythree years ago, Addie mused, as she smoothed the pale paper and beheld the yellowed, worn cloth? Trembling she withdrew

the crushed card: "My own Addie from your own

William. August 1928."had been added.

"William, where did you find it? How..."

"I never asked how you got my Christmas gift, my dear,"William lovingly chided her.

"But, William, you must have known."

"Not for a long time, Addie, and because I didn't,

I almost lost my mind as well as my leg. One day

I noticed that we had no talisman, no inspiration to gracious living. I knew. And I've looked for it ever

since, haunting secondhand stores and public auctions. This morning I found it—at a benefit auction

of pioneer mementos.

"What am I offered for this beautiful Queen Anne's lace handmade tablecloth? Crocheted by our beloved and always generous First Lady, wife of our

revered governor."William mimicked the auctioneer.

"What did you pay for it, William?"

"Well, it was several times the price of those groceries, my dear, but our Queen Anne's is worth every penny. Now maybe this executive mansion

will take on a bit of gracious living!"

The grandchildren viewed the scene in bewilderment.

What was there about this old tablecloth that made

Grandmother and Grandfather laugh a little, then cry a little, kiss, and start all over again, and look so happy?

Perhaps you don't understand either unless you've been rich or poor and yet, oh, so in love.

APRIL 1959 &# #r *. mmmjjte?''f#u \#ivsamcv iiriEgmiiii wfAwev mmmm

"I need not rehearse to you the particulars of how the Lord opened the way. For many weeks we lived The on bread and water.

"Shortly afterward, I having opened an office and commenced the publication of the book, the officers of the branch and conference asked me if I would not Western attend a meeting that they were going to hold. I

supposed that they, seeing how destitute we were (myself and the two Elders who were with me, and my wife), were going to do something to assist us; Standard but instead of that, they notified me that they would

not be responsible for any debt of my contracting.

by Jerreld L. Newquist They saw I was going ahead, but they did not want

I could fall Seattle Stake High Council me to deceive myself with the idea that back on them and expect them to pay any debts that

I might contract."3

Elder Cannon was a young man of twentynine "The Lord has sent me here; I am going to publish years when he was sent to California on this mission,

a paper here; I am going to publish the Book of but he had already come prominently to the notice

Mormon here."1 of President Brigham Young and the other General

The young man who spoke those words to some Authorities by the remarkable work he had done as of the leading Saints of San Francisco was Elder a missionary to the Hawaiian Islands.

George Q. Cannon. Elder Cannon had been sent "You can imagine what effect that would have on

there in 1855 by President Brigham Young to publish any of you. It stirred me up a good deal, and I

the Hawaiian translation Elder Cannon had previously prophesied to them—for I had the spirit of prophecy—

made of the Book of Mormon and to assist in publishand told them to get out of my way and not impede ing a newspaper. my work. They told me to shut up the office. I said

At that time there were but few Saints in Calito them, 'I am sent here to do a work, and with God's fornia, but the young elder did expect to receive some help I will do it; and if you do not want to help in

assistance from them. Instead, they tried to disthis, the Lord will raise up others that will.'And

courage him. He didn't discourage easily. He had he did."4

great faith in the words of the ancient Prophet Nephi, President Brigham Young verified this when speakwho said, "... for I know that the Lord giveth no ing to the Saints in Salt Lake City on August 31, 1856.

commandments unto the children of men, save he "We sent brother George Q. Cannon, one of

shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish Brother Taylor's nephews, to California, over a year the thing which he commandeth them."2 ago last spring, to print the Book of Mormon in

He later wrote of this the Hawaiian language. He has printed a large and

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA handsome edition of that book; has published a weekly two weeks after his return. They had a very simple

paper and paid for it; has paid for the press and the wedding. In later years he wrote concerning it:

type, and paid his board and clothing bills, though "When I went on my first mission I was engaged he had not a farthing to start with, that is, he went to a young lady. After a lengthy absence, I came

without purse and scrip."5 back as poor as missionaries generally do. But I got

As Elder Cannon explained: married twelve days after my return. I tried to get

"In a very short time I was able to send to Presiemployment; but up to the day of my marriage had

dent Young nearly two thousand dollars in cash not obtained it. The next day after marriage I secured employment. I had only been home five

The masthead of the first copy of The Western months when I went on another mission; and though

still in hisStandard. George Q. was Cannon it was in the wintertime I made means so fast that totwenties sent San Young Brigham by when

Francisco to publish this newspaper. when I started on this mission, having been called to

—George Q. Cannon take my wife with me, I left Salt Lake City with a

very excellent outfit—mules and wagontithing. offered the thousands by was Money me

etc."7 avail myself of not work. I didto assist me in my / 1, provisions,

the offer because I knew if I did I would not be able In 1855 the First Presidency issued their "Twelfth to return it for a while. But I published the Book General Epistle."In it mention is made that "a press

of Mormon, and sent 2,500 copies to the Sandwich has been obtained in California, which will be put operation the ensuing under the charge summer,Islands; a paper, I published and and did so till the in

fi of Elder Cannon."George Q. broke us up."Buchanan war

On November 28, 1854, George Q. Cannon had Before Elder Cannon's arrival Elder Pratt had made

arrived in Salt Lake City after being gone for several up his mind, as he had been some time absent from years on a mission to the Hawaiian Islands. Soon home, to return to Utah. He left San Francisco a

after his return he received an intimation from Presifew days before Elder Cannon's arrival. Elder Candent Young that he would be called, at the next connon started immediately after him and succeeded in

ference, to return on a mission to the Hawaiian overtaking him and from (Continued on page 274)

Islands. Before this conference was held, however,

Parley P. Pratt had written to the First Presidency A rare photograph of the editorial

from San Francisco requesting that Elder Cannon be Standard,and mechanicaltaken by staffMr. ofR. TheH. VanceWesternin

sent there to aid in the publication of the newspaper San Francisco, California, in June 1857.

which he was contemplating publishing and also to Cannon, TheyGeorgeare,Q. ( Cannon,1. to r. ) JosephWilliamBull,H. Shearman,David H.

publish the translation which had been made in the and Matthew F. Wilkie. George 0- Cannon

Hawaiian language of the Book of Mormon. Consewas age 30.

quently, Elder Cannon was called, at the April conference of 1855, to go on a mission to California to labor in connection with and under the direction of

Elder Pratt.

Elder Parley P. Pratt was to act as editor of the

paper, which it was expected they would publish, and

Elder Orson Hyde, who had been appointed to establish and take charge of a settlement in Carson Valley, was requested to superintend the financial business of the undertaking. Elder Cannon was to publish

the Book of Mormon and to take charge of the printing and publication of the paper, writing for it also as he should have the opportunity.

When young George had returned from his mission to the islands, there was waiting for him a lovely young schoolteacher, Elizabeth Hoagland, whom he had known as a girl when they crossed the plains.

They were married on December 11, 1854, less than

APRIL 1959 239

*$i

y

u. ". Go o /Ae House ofPrayer

by Marba C. Josephson

Associate Managing Editor

"And that thou mayest more fully keep thyself unates the dreams of all who work on the project. The

spotted from the world, thou shalt go to the house of living spirit of those who participate in its erection prayer and offer up thy sacraments upon my holy day;"becomes a pulsating part of the completed building

(D & C 59:9.) and helps set its atmosphere.

The hum of activity and the busy people who work It is quite a swath of work the committee has cut in the Church building committee offices indicate for itself in the planning of Church buildings. The

the devotion with which the eightythree members Church has indeed extended itself to the four corners of this department greet each day as a new challenge, of the earth; and the procedures must be outlined

a satisfying response to a great need in the Church, carefully and precisely; for, as the Lord said, "My

and the opportunity for increased testimony. house is a house of order."And the building program

The committee is alert to the pulse of the Church must be a movement of order since the membership in the increasing demands for new buildings. The of the Church extends from Finland to Australia

members know that a building is much more than and from Hong Kong to South Africa. Chaos would

the steel, the wood, the bricks, and the mortar which result without this orderly procedure.

go into its construction. It embodies and incorporThe progress of any building lies in the dreams

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA William C. Olsen, project development; Julian S. Cannon, maintenance; A. Neff Taylor, architectural

department; L. Clifford Olsen, landscaping; Samuel E.

Bringhurst, furnishings; William Woolf, sound engineer; William B. Olsen, mechanical engineer; Joseph

F. Patrick, structural engineer; James B. Shane,

electrical engineer; Kenneth G. Frost, auditing department. Architect area supervisors are: Arnold

Ehlers, A. E. Carlson, Stephen Baird, Leonard Harman. Construction assistants include: Chester Simmonds, George Pedersen, Leo Worthen, A. E. Wilson.

The duty of each of these men is wellknown to himself, but he also knows that the spirit of the work must be one of cooperation with all other phases. This

friendliness and cooperation permeate all of the work. The executive secretary stated she's on duty

Wendell B, Mendenhall, twentyfour hours a day. The same holds true for

chairman of the Church all the other men and women who work on and for building committee.

this committee. Each takes a particular pride in his

One of fifteen fulltime or her work and gives beyond the call of duty. As

architects,Church shown at Brother Mendenhall said of his secretary, others could ishis hoard, drafting Ronald Molen, left. say of theirs, "The building department could get

along without me, but it could never do without of those closest to it. It is followed by the infinite Doris."

number of details such as the endless conversations At the Taylor Building W. Aird Macdonald imparts

in person and by telephone and with the tremendous his enthusiasm to everyone who enters it. Each

volume of letters—5000 a month or an average of worker likewise is happy with the particular assign205 daily! ment he has. This building is a hive of activity but so

From the fourth floor of the Church Office Building wellorganized that each department moves expedithings move with dispatch by direct line to the Taylor tiously to build a united whole. Each of the architects

Building. The committee

members read like a veritable who's who—and the

work accomplished by these men and women indicates why. The Church building

committee consists of Wendell B. Mendenhall, chairman, who as a former

bishop, and stake president knows the needs; John H.

Vandenberg, vicechair- man, financial procedures and records; Harry E.

McClurc, real estate purchases and sales; J. Howard

Dunn, project development and coordinator; Harold inThesession:ChurchLeftbuildingto right,committeeJ. Dyke Walton,

W. Burton, supervising Howard Barker, Harold W. Burton, Harry

E. McClure, John H. Vandenberg, vice chairman,

architect; Howard Barker, Wendell B. Mendenhall, chairman,

consulting engineer; H. and J. Howard Dunn.

Dyke Walton, construction Williain J. Woolf, head of

the sound department, seated, looks supervisor. over a piece of new equipment with

They are assisted by: Joseph Southworth of his

department.

APRIL 1959 One of the four area construction supervisors is Chester L. Simmonds, left, of

the Utah area.

Executive secretary to the chairman of the building committee is Doris. Taggart,

below.

s* t

vice chairman,has his colored tees—not to play golf, but to mark the state of progress Above,

with his Vandenberg John H.

of the assignments that are his. Each different color represents the secretary, Jacqueline

status of the work. And all who work know that wherever the buildMontgomery.

ing is erected—in Australia, the land down under; in New Zealand, theConstructionsouthwestsupervisorarea of theof United States

the jewel of the Pacific; in South America, the land of the future—is George Pedersen, above left.

the purpose of the building is ever the same: to bring people to our ( Top right ) Supervising

Church architect, Harold W. Burton,

Heavenly Father. talks over plans with consultant.

Many are the stories of the people who have participated in the (Bottom right) Two of the area building program—for in the wisdom of the committee ward and architects, Arnold H. Ehlers, left, and

A. E. Carlson at a peg board which

branch members have been encouraged to participate, not only in the shows the progress of plans. Adequate

so that are usedcontribution of money but also in actual labor. Assistant supervisor control measures

project can be each George L. Lake said as they worked (Continued on page 274) followed carefully.

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA So you want to build?

by John H. Vandenberg

Vice Chairman, Church Building Committee

From the Lord has come the commandment to cost and give long service with low expenditure of attend Church in order to insure greater integrity. maintenance—these are the instructions which accomIn many instances, church has been held in homes, pany the Planning Guide for Church Buildings.

in rented buildings, and even under temporary shelters The statistics of the Church indicate a rapidly inin the outof-doors, but one of the greatest inducecreasing population. The membership, for instance,

ments to worship lies in a permanency of a place has reached nearly 1,500,000 persons. Faced with

for that worship. And today's meetinghouse should, this tremendous growth, the Church building comto quote President David Or McKay, "emphasize the mittee, under the direction of the First Presidency,

worshipful."It should embody architectural beauty, has laid plans whereby people find themselves proud

dignity, simplicity, structural stability, and functional possessors of a meetinghouse. The procedure t be

livability—and at the same time be economical in its followed is carefully outlined. First, all correspondence pertaining to the initiating of the purchase of Harry E. McClnre,

in charge of the realty department, real estate or entering into a building program should supervises the baying of be directed in writing to the First Presidency. The property for meetinghouses

and other projects.

Church building committee has provided the application Form CBC 28, Application for Real Estate

Purchase and/or Building Program, on which this Plans for many request may be made. This form covers any of four Church buildings are drawn

steps which may provide a house of worship. byAlfredfulltimeNiederhanser,Church architects.below, is

one of the staff.

a. The purchase of real estate and entering into a building

program on a current basis or at a later date.

b. Entering into a building program where a site has already

previously been purchased.

c. The purchase of land with a building on it which would

be suitable,, at least temporarily, for meetinghouse purposes.

d. A major addition or major renovating and remodeling to

an existing meetinghouse.

The bishop or the branch president desiring the facilities, supported by the stake president or the mission president, is instructed to fill out this form which provides all of the necessary statistical data for an appraisal of requirements of the ward or branch and provide information to assist the Church building committee in suggesting the facilities for the local unit.

/. Howard, Dunn, coordinator,

and Harold W. Burton, supervising architect,

confer with W. C. Olson, assistant to

Harry E. McClure of the realty

department.

Inspecting a model of a chapel to be built at Willits California, is

A. Neff Taylor, a grandson of

President John Taylor, head of the working staff of Church architects.

After Form CBC 28 is completed and the request the ground will meet the needs for the building project and the site purchase are of the ward or branch. When the

properly prepared, this information is presented to property or the project is apthe priesthood of the local unit and the entire memproved by the real estate departbership of the ward or branch for approval of the ment, the request for the purchase desired action. This approval is then signed by the of real estate and the building

bishop or branch president, stake or mission president project goes for approval to the and appended to Form CBC 28 and sent to the office Church committee on expendiof the First Presidency, who return it to the building tures, a committee of the First committee. Presidency, three members of the

These forms are referred to the Church building Council of the Twelve, and the committee's real estate department, and arrangements Presiding Bishopric. Following

are made for inspection of the property to see whether approval by the Church com244

Secretary to the architectural department is Patricia Schrick.

( Below ) H. Dyke Walton,

supervisor of all construction for the Church building committee, works on a map which shows where buildings are being constructed throughout the

United States.

mittee on expenditures, the project development of the building is considered before the time of its department of the Church building committee preblueprints. Economy is one of the prime considerapares the design data plus the tentative estimate of tions, but uses for the future are also considered, and

cost sheet, indicating the recommended size of the thought is given to needed flexibility for a growing chapel, the recreation hall, the size and number of ward or branch. This estimate is carefully arrived at

classrooms. The range and size of the buildings vary through a study of average and special peak loads

from the small, expandable building to the twoward, and a trend growth of membership. With maximum

and stake center. The expandable building provides participation in view the buildings are generally

for immediate needs but planned in its ultimate use designed to take care of a fifty percent attendance for to expand to full anticipated needs by continuing a ward of from 500 to 700 people, which membership the development as envisioned by the original study. has proved ideal for satisfactory activity.

(See illustration, p. 246.) Although classrooms are designed from recomLittle is left to chance in this planning. The cost mendations by the Sunday School, the organization

with the largest number of units and regular attendance, the needs of the Relief Society, the MIA, and the Primary, and other auxiliaries are considered.

Folding partitions permit greater versatility; allowing,

for instance, the junior Sunday School room to form one unit, seating from 100 to 150 people, or four units, seating classes of about twentyfive to thirtyfive.

The Church building committee's architectural department now moves into the picture. An index of

the choicest buildings now being designed and constructed has been assembled. Constantly revised to

keep it upto-date, this index of repetitive plans is open to local Church units who are considering building. When the project design data are turned to the

architectural department, two factors are considered for the new building: first, the property itself—its

Floor plan for an expandable meetinghouse, which permits the growth of housing facilities for a small branch from a single small unit into a fullsized twoward building. The first phase

is shown at the bottom of the plan in the unshaded area, the second phase ( shaded ) adds a chapel and other facilities, while the third phase includes a recreation hall and additional classrooms.

(Below) The exterior of the expandable building after all of the units have been completed. In all

three stages the building looks completed.

shape, size, and site; and second, the climatic and the objective is to select a capable architect who is

geographical area in which the building is to be located in the vicinity of the building project.

erected. The next step is to submit to the Church committee

These repetitive plans will aid in cutting the cost on expenditures, through the Church building comof the architectural fees about 50% and in speeding mittee, the request for an architect to orient a up the beginning of construction. Although the plans repetitive plan to the local site or develop a new set

may be repeated from other construction, different of plans. If approval is given and the funds from the

materials may be employed; elevations may be local unit are received, the architectural contract is

changed in order that the building may be attractive signed. The architect is now directed to proceed with

and not merely a copy of other meetinghouses. These preliminary plans, and when such plans are prepared,

plans are again presented to the local unit membership they are submitted to the local membership for apfor approval. If the local people do not settle on one proval. These plans are also reviewed by the Church

of these plans, they may make a special appeal to the building committee, and if approved, are presented

First Presidency and ask that an architect be selected to the Church committee on expenditures for approval and a new plan formulated. Whenever either plan before the actual working drawings are begun.

is followed, the architectural department assigns an When the working drawings are finished, they are architect in cooperation with the local unit. presented to the architectural department, which has

At the present time ninetythree architectural firms them checked by. four engineering experts relative

throughout the United States design meetinghouses to: the structural, the electrical, the mechanical, and

for the Church. All new meetinghouses are under the audio requirements.

the direction of the supervising architect of the Church After these men have studied the plans and noted assisted by additional architects in his department. any suggestions, they are returned to the architect

The local unit is invited to submit recommendations for any needed changes. When the architectural

for the selection of an architect. The final determinadepartment is assured that all has been done to make

tion is made by the Church building committee after the plan foolproof, they are submitted to the conconsideration of these recommendations, to the archistruction department. The first assignment of this

tect's experience, past performance, and the availdepartment is to make a quantity survey, to deterability of his organization to furnish the desired mine the cost of the project.

services within the set time limits. Whenever possible, The construction may (Continued on page 284)

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Labor Missionaries bum brotherhood, meetinghouses, testimonies

by W. B. Mendenhall

Chairman, Church Building Department

Great and wonderful things have been accomplished Labor missionaries are elders from Zion, who make in the past halfdecade in the South Seas in providtheir living in the various phases of construction work.

ing the local Saints fine places of worship, schools, They are called on fulltime missions to work side by and colleges to aid them in learning to raise their own side with native brethren, training them in a lifelong standards of living. vocation, as they build chapels, schools, or other

This is the story of many helping hands who set Churchsponsored projects.

about to make that dream come true in one of the Briefly now here is the picture of what has aloldest and most fruitful mission areas of the Church. ready been accomplished, and what is taking place:

The Prophet Joseph sent four missionaries, Elder New Zealand: From 1954 to 1958 there were seven

Addison Pratt, Benjamin F. Grouard, Noah Rogers, chapels built, the entire Church College of New

and Knowlton F. Hanks to the South Seas to comZealand and all its facilities, the temple, and twentymence missionary work. The party left Nauvoo on nine chapels approved, of which nine are now under

June 1, 1843. On November 9, Elder Hanks died and construction, and one is getting under construction

was buried at sea. The three elders arrived at their every six week's.

destination, the island of Tubuai in the Austral There have been over fifteen hundred local labor

Archipelago, two hours after midnight April 30, 1844. missionaries serve in this program in New Zealand.

They had spent 203 days on a windjammer! Now They have come from every age bracket. The suste-

(115 years later) the trip can be made in a few hours, let alone days.

With the exception of the work done among the

American Indians, this was the first organized missionary venture of the Church to be conducted in a nonEnglish tongue. This was the beginning of what is

now known as the Tahitian Mission. Other missionary

pioneers of the restored gospel began the work in

Hawaii in 1850; Australia, 1851; New Zealand, 1854;

Samoa, 1863; and Tonga, 1891. Each mission had

problems peculiar to itself in its beginnings. Each

mission found the love of the people who accepted the message.

And since the beginnings, the elders have always assisted the people in their daily living as well as their religious activities. It was in these eight missions of the Pacific (there are two missions in both

Australia and New Zealand) that labor missionaries were called in the mid1950's.

One of several new buildings recently completed in the Tahitian Mission is this branch chapel at Paea, on the main island of Tahiti.

APRIL 1959 The entrance to the main building of the Church College of

Hawaii. The college, located on the island

of Oahu, was dedicated by President

McKay on December 17, 1958.

On May 4, 1958 President David O. McKay dedicated this lovely

chapel at Suva, Fiji, below. As is true of

the other buildings in the Pacific, this structure was built by labor missionaries.

nance for the labor missionaries was furnished one under way the following June, and by October 1958, hundred percent by the local Church membership seventeen chapels were completed; two others were

and others in the area. Fourteen hundred acres of remodeled; the mission home in Sydney had received

farm land are being developed here. The total value badly needed additions; and the labor missionaries

of donated hours of service is over two and a half were sent to New Zealand at that date.

million dollars, but who can place a value on the One of the new chapels, at Parramatta, is built improved conditions of these people that this labor of upon the site of the home of William Bligh, who, for love has brought? a short time, early in the nineteenth century, served

There have been forty labor missionary families as governor of Australia. This was the Captain Bligh

called from Zion to supervise this work. The New who gained a measure of immortality for his earlier

Zealand Temple is operating with satisfaction. The reallife adventure that was recorded in Mutiny on

school was thought at first to have been built too the Bounty. An appropriate placque on the chapel

large. But before the conclusion of the first school grounds briefly tells his story.

year, registration was closed because of overloaded The Australian government officials, locally and facilities. Registration is already completed for the nationally, have been most complimentary and helpful

1959 school year, with many students turned away. to the entire program. Typical are these remarks,

There are twentythree American schoolteachers and made by the Honorable Frank L. Rojo, mayor of

five New Zealand teachers comprising the faculty. Heidelberg, Victoria, when he was called upon to

The school has the largest auditorium in New Zealand, speak as the chapel was dedicated there. He said in

two Olympicsize basketball courts inside the gympart:

nasium. A total of 5500 persons may be seated in the "... Today I have been shown all around your

combined auditorium and gym. Many civic functions Church which I consider to be a glorious edifice. From

have already been held here. The school also has an what I can see, nothing has been overlooked; it has

Olympicsize swimming pool. everything. It caters to the spiritual need and the

The New Zealand government has granted a post physical needs of all ages.

office and an official name for the community. Temple "It is my firm belief that churches alone can fulfil

View, New Zealand, is three miles from Hamilton the needs—particularly of our youth and a Church

and two miles from Frankton Junction. such as this will do—far more than any of our youth

Australia: Here the labor missionary program beclubs could ever hope to do in combating the evergan in February 1956. Construction actually was increasing problem of child delinquency....

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA local teachers; have built a new mission home and elders'

quarters; have done considerable work on primary schools;

One of nineteen new chapels and this'was all scheduled to be completed in March is in Australia recently completed this 1959. The local people furnished all the sustenance and west Perth Branch the South on the building of

coast of Australia in the South Australian the labor for these projects and worked tirelessly under the

Mission. supervision of labor missionaries from Zion.

Samoa: From 1954 to September 1959 there will have

been completed approximately thirty new chapels in Samoa.

In addition, fourteen dwellings for teachers from America, shop buildings, additions to primary schools, completion of a new high school addition at Pesega, and a complete new high school at Mapusaga, American Samoa, dormitory units, and many other buildings incident to the needs associated with the schools will be furnished by this September. A new

mission home and several elders'quarters situated throughout the islands are also part of this program.

There have been approximately 120 local labor missionaries on the Samoan projects, laboring with approximately twentyfive labor missionaries from Zion. Here again the

local people have provided all the food to sustain the local labor missionaries.

W$mmm$$m: This same organization built the beautiful new chapel—

"We are grateful to the executives of your

Church for having seen fit to purchase land in

Heidelberg and now have built such a beautiful building at the entrance to our city. It is

lovely to drive along Heidelberg Road and see this building adorning this particular area; no

one could pass here without admiring this example of modern architecture...."

This building program, providing meeting facilities, has aided materially in the missionary effort that has doubled the Church membership in the two Australian missions in the short period of two years.

Tonga: Ninety local labor missionaries were

joined by approximately nineteen labor missionaries from Zion and have built seventeen new chapels since tike middle of 1956 on five different islands. They have enlarged the Liahona

College to twice the size of its original status, built thirteen teachers'homes for American teachers and have remodeled tutors'homes for

(Above right) A rear view photograph of the new building of the

Brisbane district and branch chapel in Queensland, Australian Mission.

(Bight) Typical of the courts of many of our new buildings in the

South Pacific is this view of the Bentleigh chapel in Melbourne, Australia, which was completed in July 1958.

APRIL 1959 one of the most colorful buildings in the South Pacific—

at Suva, Fiji Islands. In connection with the chapel,

elders'quarters were built. Fiji is a part of the Tongan

Mission.

Tahiti—Tahiti was the site of one of the first postwar building programs undertaken by the Church in

the Pacific. The chapel and the mission home at

Papeete predate the labor missionary program in the

Tahitian Mission by several years. Under the labor

missionary program we are finishing five chapels, and additions to facilities on the mission home property.

Here again the people sustain the local labor missionaries and furnish all the labor over and above what is done by the labor missionaries from Zion. About

twenty labor missionaries have been at work in Tahiti.

Hawaii—The Church College of Hawaii at Laie,

is a story all its own. In telling about its dedication,

the Honolulu StarBulletin recently headlined one of several stories: "Volunteer Labor Saved College about

$1 Million."

One week before the college dedication, the Honolulu Advertiser said editorially:

The new chapel for the "Dedication of the new Church College of Hawaii at MelbourneBox Hill branch in the at Laie next week will be a notable event in the annals Mission. Australian South

of education in these islands. Hawaii has gone a

long way in education during the century and third since its first western school was established and the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is furthering that advancement splendidly.

"As is customary with enterprises undertaken by

Another chapel built by labor missionaries in these churchmen, the $3,500,000 institution at Laie is the one shown below. Australia It will be as imposing in appearance as it is in the quality Heights at is Lambton located New

in Newcastle. of its functions. As a valuable factor in the development of facilities for higher education here and a

symbol of the enterprise and patriotism of its founders, the new college is indeed welcome."

President David O. McKay dedicated the college,

situated near the Hawaiian Temple, on December 17, 1958.

During the impressive services this radiogram was read: "December 17, 1958 "President David O. McKay

"Laie, Oahu, Territory of Hawaii "Please give my greetings to all assembled at the dedication of the Church College of Hawaii.

"This splendid new campus, built by the faith and work of your Church members, adds much to the resources of the Hawaiian community. I am sure that

the young people who study here will be forever inspired by the devoted example of their many benefactors. Congratulations and best wishes.

"( signed ) Dwight D. Eisenhower

"President "United States of America."

During these exercises, short addresses were given by the Honorable William F. Quinn, governor of the

territory of Hawaii; the Honorable Neal S. Blaisdell,

mayor of the city and county of Honolulu; Dr. D. F.

Crokoer, deputy superintendent of schools, territory of Hawaii; and Dr. Laurence Snyder, president, University of Hawaii.

The junior college is a dream of many people for many decades. The Church has had the ground since ( Right ) Members of the

the midsixties of the last century. Ground was nowChurchenjoyingat Nava,thisSamoa, are

broken for the modern campus February 12, 1955, recently completed and the college formerly opened in temporary quarchapel.

ters—four surplus army buildings that fall.

The newly completed permanent campus is the (Below) One of the loving work of upwards of eighty local labor missionfirstbuilt newin Australiabuildingswasto bethis aries, assisted by thirtyfive labor missionaries from chapel at Adelaide in the

Zion. ItSouthwas Australiancompleted Mission.in

In summary there (Continued on page 270) November 1957.

(Above) An interior view of the chapel at Suva, Fiji, before the installation of the seats.

An air view of the Church College in Hawaii, top center, shown in relation to the temple, right center. The

building at lower center behind the six tall trees is the new chapel.

These buildings are located at Laie on the island of Oahu.

APRIL 1959 Our Church Architectural Development

by Harold W. Burton

Church Supervising Architect

Our early pioneer forebears have left us a great cated March 27, 1836 at a cost of approximately heritage in the fine buildings that mark the path of $70,000.00, a very considerable amount at that time,

Mormonism. From the first temple built in Kirtland, so soon after the organization of the Church. The

to the early meetinghouses and stake tabernacles that temple still stands, after 123 years—a monument to the

may be found in our early settlements in the West, we devotion, skill, and craftsmanship of those early find examples of the architecture of that early period workers.

in our history. Many of the early converts were When the Church moved on to Nauvoo, a second

artisans and craftsmen of skill and ability in the temple was built. This, too, was a monument to the

building trades, trained through long years of apprenability of its builders.

ticeship. They built well with a love and devotion After the expulsion of the Saints from Illinois, the

to their craft as well as their newfound religion. We long trek across the plains began. Upon their arrival

owe them a debt of gratitude and a great respect for in the valleys of the mountains, the Saints began the their works. building of homes, meetinghouses, and stake taberIn an article in The Architectural Forum, March nacles. In only a short period after their arrival,

1936 issue, "Master Detail Series,"the Kirtland Temple other temples were commenced. In all of these buildwas held as one of the fine examples of early Ameriings, the same meticulous craftsmanship is in

can architecture. This article was profusely illustrated evidence. The architects of these early buildings had

with measured drawings of the plans and elevations exceptional ability, their works are a testimony to their of the building, with many of the outstanding details skill, excellent taste, and training.

of this fine edifice. Also included were many photoToday, fine examples of the architecture of that

graphs of the temple. The Kirtland Temple was, period are found in the stake tabernacles at Brigham

without doubt, the finest example of the "colonial"City, Heber City, and St. George. The temples in

style in the Mississippi Valley at the time of its erecSalt Lake, Logan, Manti, and St. George, are monution. This article extolled the design and fine craftsments to their architects and to their builders. All of

manship of this building. these buildings have been in continuous use from

In 1832, the Saints, in their poverty, were comsixty to ninety years. In each case, they were conmanded to build a holy house unto the Lord so that structed of materials locally available. The materials

he might restore the keys and covenants for the new used in their construction were stone, adobe, timber, dispensation. (D & C 88 & 95.) When, because of and plaster. The walls of the St. George Temple are

their extreme poverty and their few numbers, they,of local sandstone with an applied plaster finish. The

hesitated, the Lord twice warned them. They then St. George Tabernacle is built of local red sandstone.

set to work with devotion so characteristic of the The Heber City Tabernacle is built of material found early Saints. The temple was completed and dediin the beautiful Heber Valley. The timber used in the

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * *'-)**.

F-0*mmitmt,< W8888tMKk WMjSWW '

MLLllNu'flUlldbVag&&g$R:-:'!'2gP&--'< *SBfc..

A rear view of the Kirtland Temple, first temple built by the Latterday Saints, dedicated

March 27, 1836. This building,

located forty miles from Cleveland, Ohio, is still standing.

The famed tabernacle at Brigham City built in the year 1888. This old building located

on the Main Street of Brigham City, still attracts much attention because of its unusual beauty.

construction of these early buildings is of native for a "Memorial Theater"which is now being designed timber cut in the nearby canyons, much of it handfor the campus of the University of Utah. It will not

hewn, as evidenced by the adze marks. be a "replica"but a modern functional theater as a

Two of our early pioneer buildings, which ar,e now "memorial"to the historic old playhouse.

missing, are the old Salt Lake Theatre which was at The rule today in the erection of our houses of the northwest corner of the intersection of 1st South worship is to use locally produced materials as far as and State Streets and the old Social Hall farther it is consistent. The problem of transportation which

north on the east side of State Street. Before the Salt beset our early builders has been largely solved with

Lake Theatre was torn down, there was considerable the advent of railroads, overland trucking, and the public sentiment and emotional agitation to save this airplane. Building materials can now be readily

historic building. President Heber J. Grant put forth moved to almost any location. Transportation was a

great effort to keep it as a memorial and endeavored to find ways and means to sustain it. But progress

could not be denied, and finally it was razed. A new

modern building now occupies the old theater's site. One of two famed circular

The members of the community that remember this stairways in the Manti, Utah, Temple.

old playhouse have always been saddened by its loss. climbsThis architecturalfive stories andmasterpiececontains

President David O. McKay has fathered a movement one hundred fiftyseven steps. Modem

which has culminated in a communitywide desire architects marvelconstruction.at this

254.THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

real problem for the builders of the Salt Lake Temple. al use of the building has increased. The curriculum

The hauling of the huge blocks of granite from the of the auxiliaries has been increasingly expanded. Toquarries just twenty miles away was difficult. Even day, the requirements for our ward and stake buildings

a canal was built from the quarries to the temple site are much more complicated than compared to the with the thought of floating the granite blocks to the requirements of our pioneer buildings. In order to

temple. Today, with modern machines, we would build our modern buildings, great care has to be

scarcely give it a thought. taken in the selection of materials and methods of

We often hear the question asked, "Why do we not construction to make them economically possible. A

continue to build our buildings in the style of our building, the design of which calls for an unreasonearly pioneer examples?"This is largely a problem able expenditure of money for its execution, becomes

of economics. It is still possible to reproduce the burdensome and a cause for anxiety instead of a joy.

architectural design of these early buildings including In order to build our buildings at an expenditure their fine details, but at a cost much greater than which is within out"ability to finance, great care has buildings designed using modern available materials. to be exercised in the selection of materials and with

Today, there is a great wealth of new materials, many the elimination of all unnecessary adornments. The

manufactured by quantity production methods, pretendency is toward strictly functional buildings, the cision made and readily available, unknown to our form of which follows the function, simple in archiearly builders. For the past thirtyfive years, our tectural design and economy in the structural elenation has been upset with wars, depressions, and ments. Simplicity is always difficult of achievement.

booms, which situation has not been conducive to the The great architectural monuments of antiquity were development of building artisans and craftsmen. The generally simple in plan with their architectural exapprentice system we once knew is all but a memory pression always manifesting the plan arrangement.

now. Because of this it is increasingly difficult to find It should be our endeavor to keep abreast of the

sufficient craftsmen with the required skill to reprotimes, utilizing the use of new and proven materials duce similar buildings to the fine buildings of our and new and proven methods of construction proearly beginnings. cedures. It should be our aim in the development of

There are also other items of considerable cost emour buildings, never to be satisfied with our achievebodied in our modern buildings that were unknown ments and never to be convinced that our present to our early builders. These include modern sanitary methods are the best, but ever strive to make each

facilities, heating, and air conditioning, electrical disnew building better than the last one. If we keep this

tribution systems, public address systems, closed goal in mind, we will progress. We must go forward.

circuit television broadcasting, and many other refineTo become satisfied with our efforts is to stand still—

ments. Then again, the requirement for the functionand to stand still is to retrogress.

"The Lord's House I?

Charlotte Branch chapel, in historic North Carolina, part of our

Central Atlantic States Mission. The

architect is Lowell E. Parrish.

Throughout the length and breadth of the United

States—and in many other countries throughout the

world—the Church is constructing new, beautiful,

modern, and functional meetinghouses in order to meet the housing requirements of a rapidly growing membership.

Tabulations show that at this writing there are in use 1,718 meetinghouses in wards and stakes, 429 in missions in the United States and Canada, and 451 in foreign missions, or a total of 2,598 (Continued) i

f* -.-"

Jar

WTITSD STAft

Colored markers constantly change appearance of map as building projects in the United States are planned, begun, and completed. Map hangs in the

building department offices in

Salt Lake City.

"For the strength of the hills we bless thee...."The chapel of

the Mountain ViewMountain View

Second wards, Hillside ( Salt Lake City )

Stake, effectively uses that strength as a backdrop. Architect is

John N. Clawson.

From earliest times an area of fertile fields and pioneer traditions, Taylorsville is rapidly developing as a land of homes in the southwest section of Salt Lake Valley.

( Below, top ), interior of building.

Harmon and Johnson, architects.

(Below, bottom). Villa Sarmiento

Branch chapel, Buenos Aires, capital city of Argentina. Plans for this mission building

by Church Architecture Department.

meetinghouses completed and dedicated.

On these pages, in full color and in black and white, are reproduced architects'drawings and photographs of buildings planned, now under construction, or recently completed.

The picture changes virtually every day, and new chapels are being started while others are being dedicated each week, but as we go to press 238 meetinghouses are reported under construction in the wards and stakes, and another 303 have been approved and are in the designing stage. In the branches and missions 191 chapels are under construction and approval

has been granted and plans are being drawn for an additional 213. This makes a total of 945 meetinghouses that have been approved and are currently in

some stage of planning or building. These figures

do not include other projects such as educational and welfare buildings, hospitals, temples, bureaus of information, or mission homes. (Continued)

A section of the Layton Stake Center,

Layton, Utah. Building will also be the spiritual and

recreational center for the membership of the Layton Fifth Ward, in the prosperous residential community south of Ogden. Steven T. Baird

is the architect.

Exterior view of an expandable chapel, to be used in an area where the growth of Church membership is potentially great.

The plans were created by the personnel of the Church Architecture Department.

(Above) Bay AreaInterstake Tabernacle, recently placed in use, will serve OaklandBerkeley, Walnut Creek, and Hayward stakes in California.

Harold W. & Douglas W. Burton,

architects.

Chapel at the Intermountain Indian School, Brigham City, Utah.

Here our young Lamanite brothers and sisters, who have come far for an education, learn eternal gospel truths, once held by their ancestors, and restored by Joseph Smith.

Church Architecture Department.

Ellsworth Ward chapel.

Orlando Stake. Building is at Deer Park,

Florida. The architecture is

the work of the Church Architecture Department, Salt Lake City.

Another jewel by the side of the road testifying to the beautiful things that the Church brings to life. Chapel

of the Bountiful Ninth Ward, Bountiful (Utah) Stake. William F.

Thomas, architect.

(Below) "Silent Missionary."

Brisbane Branch Chapel, Australian

Mission. Church Architecture

Department.

pi i * Although our Church houses are built mainly for design buildings which, while meeting the requireworship, because of the widely diversified program of ments of a ward or branch, still harmonize with the the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, they terrain and general trend of architecture in a country contain not only a chapel and classrooms, but also or an area.

offices, recreation halls, Junior Sunday School rooms, New materials and modern construction methods kitchens, libraries, dressing and shower rooms, and are constantly being employed in order to keep costs other facilities. It is a standard practice to place a down and at the same time assure quality buildings

lounge area with double folding doors between the and guarantee full value for money expended.

chapel and recreational hall, so as to cushion the There is no end in sight. With the Church growing

noises. Many of our meetinghouses are designed so at an accelerated rate, occasioned both by baptisms

as to provide up to twentysix teaching areas. of children and an increasingly large number of conArchitects are not regimented, as these pictures verts, the need for additional facilities is likely to

show, but are encouraged to use their originality to continue to increase.—D.L.G.

North Shore Ward chapel and Chicago Stake House. Building shows

permanence and character of type reminiscent of the Church's Nauvoo period (183945) in the same state. Douglas W.

Burton, architect.

In the glorious sunland of southern Nevada is this building of the Las Vegas Ninth Ward, Las Vegas Stake. Douglas W. Burton is

the architect.

Interior view of one building at the Church College of Hawaii. Here many youths

combine education for earthly living with eternal truths of the gospel. Douglas &

Harold Burton, architects.

(Left) Moab Ward chapel, San Juan Stake, in the area of southeastern

Utah that nature has so richly endowed with varied shadings of color.

Architects for the building are Slack and David Winburn.

Above, in color, air view of the temple and the college in

New Zealand. This project is the accomplishment

of the labor missionaries; the fulfilment

of the dreams of the Saints in that part of the world.

(Above) In Birmingham, Alabama, this new building of the Birmingham Branch is already attracting much favorable comment for the Southern States

Mission. John M. Fuller

is the architect.

Complementing the 38% foot shaft completed in 1905 (center) will be these contemplated Bureau of Information buildings at Sharon, Windsor County Vermont, birthplace of the Prophet Joseph Smith. Harold W. Burton & William J. PBgw

Thomas, architects.

illi

Columbus, Ohio, has this building in the state where much of the vivid, early history of the Church occurred.

It is the Columbus Branch chapel of the Church, a part of the Great Lakes Mission. The architect is

George Mason Clark.

'- "Hiram"

\ -tie

: tilS smr"!-- ss# ':ms#rf-.mm!|||&?L '- 1\

. -tsiwts*ftwWM t

Reactivation

There is an urgent, pressing, and critical need for brethren of the Melchizedek Priesthood to serve in one of the most vital of all fields of priesthood activity—the field of temple work.

With the completion of temples in Switzerland,

New Zealand, and England, an increased interest in temple work has blossomed in the hearts of many of the Saints. The number of ordinances being performed in the temples generally has increased.

Now that there are more temples, and now that more of the Saints are anxious to go to the temples and perform ordinances for the dead, there is an imperative need for research work to provide the necessary names. In this connection, it is not uncommon to find that many going to the temples to

perform ordinances are under the necessity of taking any names that may be available rather than being privileged to work on their own lines.

What is it that Melchizedek Priesthood quorums should do in this field of temple work, with particular emphasis on research? What direction should they

receive from the stake? How should the quorums

be organized in the genealogical field? Whose job is

it to get the ball rolling?

First, be it remembered that Melchizedek Priesthood quorums are now engaged in a great program of priesthood reactivation. Although quorums have

always labored with their inactive brethren, for the past three and a half years a detailed and uniform program has been followed in all quorums to bring the full blessings of the Church and of the priesthood to every ordained brother.

V-,

<-*, MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

Through Temple Work

The objectives of this program of priesthood reactihim to gain the same blessing. Where his ancestors

vation are these: are concerned, this means the performance of vicarious

1. To get a Church assignment for every member temple ordinances.

of the quorum. But before ordinances can be performed, those in-

2. To lead all quorum members along the path of volved must be properly and accurately identified.

temporal and spiritual progression. This means genealogical research. Speaking of this,

3. To see that every member of the quorum rePresident George F. Richards said: "We couldn't

ceives the blessings of the temple, meaning particuadminister these blessings now to the kindred dead larly the blessings of eternal marriage. without this genealogical data. You will see readily

4. To guide every priesthood bearer to the final that the genealogical research to find out our dead

inheritance of eternal life in the highest heaven of and such information concerning them as will identify the celestial world. them is on a par of importance with the temple ordiFrom the mere listing of the objectives of the pronance work itself. So don't be discouraged, for when

gram of priesthood reactivation, it is apparent that you are engaged in that work you are engaged in the the crowning work in this field is centered in the work of God."(Genealogical Magazine, vol. 27, p.

temple and temple work. 151.)

As is wellknown, temple work divides into two Now, how does all this apply to Melchizedek Priestfields: 1, for the living; and 2, for the dead. hood quorums?

When faithful members of the Church catch the Genealogical work is not an auxiliary work; it is

vision of the plan of salvation, they seek the blessings a priesthood undertaking. Temple ordinances are

of the temples for themselves. These blessings perpriesthood ordinances; genealogical research is the

tain to the attainment of exaltation or eternal life in responsibility of priesthood bearers, as they may be the kingdom of God. The crowning blessing of the assisted by others.

temple is celestial marriage, the ordinance which puts Thus we find the Melchizedek Priesthood Hand- a couple on the path leading to the fulness of reward book, on page 31, specifying that one of the major hereafter. works to be performed by quorum presidencies, a

As soon as a truly converted person catches the work which they cannot delegate to others, is to vision of the blessings to which he is heir because of "promote temple work."This means for the living

the gospel, he immediately wants his family and loved and for the dead.

ones to share those blessings. Every person who has Priesthood reactivation is not complete until a

been married in the temple for eternity immediately priesthood bearer has been sealed in the temple;

wants his children after him and his ancestors before thereafter, it is both (Continued on page 282)

APRIL 1959 THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE

One of the greatest privileges we enjoy as Latterday Saints is that of paying tithes. The word "privilege"

is well chosen.

There are among us those who regard the payment of tithing as a duty, those who look upon it as a debt, even a few who consider it a burden. A burden it should never be; a duty it is in that it is a divine law; a

debt also in that we are debtors of the Lord for all we have and are. It is, however, voluntary, and the terms

of the Creditor are extremely generous—he asks for but one part in ten.

Still, the returning of tithes is first and foremost a privilege and it is in the interest of each of us to regard it as such. It is an opportunity for physical expression of gratitude to a kind and generous Father for the

many bounties of life.

Tithepaying is a divine plan, a flawless plan. Everyone benefits—the Church, the ward, the community,

above all the individual himself. He becomes an integral part of the Church and is entitled through his

faithfulness to the peace of mind and continued blessings that are the unique lot of those who keep the commandments of the Lord. These blessings are—as thousands throughout the Church will testify—very real.

"Bring ye all the tithes.... and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you

the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it."(Mai.

3:10.) We are thus promised blessings for diligence and faithfulness in the returning of tithes, as we are in connection with all gospel principles. Particular blessings are contingent upon particular commandments. Tithepaying will not solve all of our problems. It is not a downpayment on eternal life. It will not "purchase"

anything. It is God's commandment that we should in this material, physical manner express our thankfulness

for our material, physical blessings. The Lord acknowledges diligence in this commandment and related

laws with a continuance of such blessings.

Money is of itself neither good nor evil. But it may play a substantial role in our salvation. If we hoard

it, squander it foolishly, or compromise our principles to obtain it, we shall not be found guiltless. If we use

it to further the kingdom of God on earth—through tithes and offerings—we shall be blessed here and hereafter.

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA One hundred and thirty years ago, on the wooded shores of a river in an obscure corner of Pennsylvania, one of the most important events in the history of mankind took place.

On May 15, 1829, two young men—each of them in their early twenties, were visited by John the

Baptist, a contemporary of our Savior. They had come to pray for enlightenment upon the principle of baptism. John, now a resurrected being, laid his hands upon the heads of Joseph Smith, Jr., and Oliver Cowdery

and spoke the words we now read in the 13th section of the Doctrine and Covenants. In this manner the

Aaronic Priesthood was restored to the earth after centuries of absence.

As has been the custom in the past, two days have been designated by the Presiding Bishopric for

Churchwide commemoration of this significant event. They are Saturday, May 16, and Sunday, May 17.

Saturday, May 16 It is suggested that Saturday, May 16, be utilized for an excursion or some similar outdoortype activity for Aaronic Priesthood bearers and their leaders. Probably this could best be conducted on a ward basis

but—if preferred—can also be on a quorum or stake level. Senior members could participate with the members

under 21 or, again if preferred, have a separate outing.

If the activity decided upon is largely recreational, it would be appropriate to set aside a few minutes for a short talk or discussion concerning the event being commemorated. Inspiration as well as fellowship can

thus be enjoyed.

Leaders are cautioned against traveling too far and against traveling in "car convoys."It is recommended that public carriers, such as busses, be utilized. In any case, responsible parties should make

certain that there is adequate insurance coverage for all participants.

Overnight excursions, where desired, should be FridaySaturday rather than SaturdaySunday.

It is imperative that all activities of this day be closely supervised.

Sunday, May 17 Following is the suggested Sacrament meeting program for May 17. If stake conference conflicts, this

program can be given on May 10 or May 24. The theme is: "Growth and Development through the Aaronic

Priesthood."

1. Greetings—Bishopric (the Bishopric, being the 10. Talk by a priest under 21—"How activity in the

presidency of the Aaronic Priesthood, should preAaronic Priesthood helps me prepare for my side over and conduct this meeting.) mission."(5 minutes)

2. Opening Song—"We Thank Thee, O God, for a 11. Talk by a Senior member of the Aaronic PriestProphet."hood—"The importance of priesthood in the

3. Opening Prayer—President of teachers quorum. home."(5 minutes)

4. Sacrament song. 12. Musical number (optional)

5. Administration of the Sacrament by members of 13. Talk by a 1618 yearold girl—"Why I respect

the Aaronic Priesthood. young men who honor their priesthood."(5 min-

6. Reading of section 13, Doctrine and Covenants. utes)

A good reader should be selected for this. 14. Talk by Aaronic Priesthood quorum adviser—"My

7. Talk by a deacon under 21—"Why I, as a priestresponsibilities as a quorum adviser."(5 minutes)

hood bearer, should study the scriptures."(5 min15. Short talk by bishop—"Opportunities for service

utes) and development in the Aaronic Priesthood."

8. Musical number 16. Closing song—"Do What Is Right."

9. Talk by a teacher under 21—"ward teaching—one 17. Closing prayer—President of deacons quorum,

of the great responsibilities I have as a priesthood bearer."(5 minutes)

It is stressed that this program is not mandatory but merely suggested. Bishops may modify as they see

fit as long as the changes are in keeping with the occasion.

Appropriate music should be featured. Duets, quartets, doublequartets, and choruses have in the past

proved especially effective. There are many numbers in the Aaronic Priesthood Chorus Book which would

be especially fitting. A few copies of this book are still available at the Presiding Bishop's Office (price, 75c

postpaid) for those who desire to purchase them. There are several numbers in the regular song book, such

as "I'll Serve the Lord while I am Young"and "It May Not Be on the Mountain Height"that are also well suited to the program. (See also page 270)

APRIL 1959 269 The Presiding Bishopric's Page (Continued)

Three members of the West Bountiful Ward, Bountiful North Stake, have earned seven

Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards—each with 100% attendance seals.

The three are Steven S. Nelson,

the son of Brother and Sister sii:

Walter V. Nelson, and two sons of Bishop and

Sister Maurice M. Arbuckle, Kent K. and Lynn K.

All three boys have been very active in the programs of the Church since obtaining the priesthood.

All are Eagle Scouts and all hold Duty to God Awards and Aaronic Priesthood pins. All have served as officers in their various priesthood quorums.

Kent Arbuckle is currently serving in the South

Australian Mission while his brother and Brother Steven Kent K. Lynn K.

Nelson are completing sixmonth tours of duty with Nelson Arbuckle Arbuckle the United States Army.

"Remember, the worth of souls is great in the sight of God."(D & C 18:10.) This principle is as true today as it was when revealed to the Prophet Joseph Smith 130 years ago.

All auxiliaries and programs of the Church are designed and operated to contribute to the salvation of mankind. Like missionary work, the program for Senior members of the

Aaronic Priesthood offers a chance to contribute to this goal in a very direct manner.

There is a real joy and satisfaction to be found in this work. The individual reactivated rediscovers

vistas and depths in his life that have long been closed to him. Those who participate in helping him regain

the blessings and opportunities the Church offers share his joy. "Likewise... there is joy in the presence

of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth."(Luke 15:10.)

This is the vision of the Senior Aaronic Priesthood program. It is a means to an end, that end being the

immortality and eternal life of each of us. If we approach our calling with humility, prayer, a positive attitude, and an eye single to the glory of God, we cannot help finding satisfaction and success in our labors.

Labor Missionaries build brotherhood, Church Moves On meetinghouses, testimonies (Continued) (Continued) have been over seventeen hundred Granite Park Stake, 275th in the roll call of young men participate as local labor missionaries stakes of Zion, formed from portions of South in these South Pacific projects. Over the years of Salt Lake Stake, with Elder Rolf Christiansen,

construction they have been trained in the building who has been serving as president of South Salt Lake trades and have furnished the labor to construct Stake, as president. His counselors are Elder John B.

several million dollars worth of buildings. All superGarside, who served with him as first counselor in

vision has been furnished by labor missionaries called the old stake, and Elder Paul C. Moore. Elder William

from America. The sustenance has been furnished T. South, who served President Christiansen as a secby the local people, and the districts and branches in ond counselor, sustained as president of South Salt

all of these mission areas have turned out in great Lake Stake. His counselors are Elders Forace Green

number in furnishing labor and sustenance far in and Floyd H. Hurst. Granite Park Stake has apexcess of any request made of them. The memberproximately 4400 members residing in Southgate,

ship of the missions have supported the movement Central Park, Miller, Lee, Granite Park, and Eldredge exceedingly well. In effect, the Church has provided wards. South Salt Lake Stake, also with approxiapproximately seventy percent of the cost of this mately 4400 members, has Burton, Haven, Kimball,

construction, and the local membership and nonMadison, North Central Park, and Burton Second member friends of the Church have provided the wards. These changes were effected by Elders Delother thirty percent as they have contributed their bert L. Stapley and Richard L. Evans of the Council

labor. of the Twelve.

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA; y:

The Church Spire

by Ethel Hopper

We are not Mormons, but Bill once said that lissee the singers, but through the open windows the tening to the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir was his voices came full of confidence and devotion. We just

one concession to Sunday religious services. One of knew they believed implicitly in what they were

your chapels has come to be almost a symbol to me. singing. Listening brought a measure of that feeling

It stands just off Hill Road in Boise, Idaho, and to us. We compared them with the Pilgrims in their

commands a view of most of the valley. Now when struggles and devotion.

I walk or drive alone along that road my heart cries This meetinghouse makes such a beautiful picture, out for what I once had. especially when the sun is setting and the last rays

Bill and I often discussed the beautiful chapels we of light linger in its spire, a bright omen for the had seen in our travels, especially in the northwest. night's darkness.

We wondered at how advantageously they had been We knew we could not always be together for the placed. Surely, it seemed, the ones who had chosen dark night of separation was fast closing about me.

the sites had been inspired. During Bill's illness we often drove down that

We watched the building of this particular chapel road. Was there something about religious princiwith mounting interest. In the evenings we could ples that could bring hope to a restless world or a

see dozens of men and boys working as if they loved griefstricken heart?

doing it. One particularly lovely evening we were Now I am alone and the evening hours are hard

driving past when we heard the congregation singto face, but it comforts me to watch what we once ing. We did not know the song, and we could not shared:

The church spire catches the sun's last flame,

A blaze of golden light;

And holds the gleam on its tapering shaft

A torch for the coming night!

APRIL 1959 271 Through the One of the first cornerstones of all righteousness in

Eyes of Youth this world is for a person to get for himself a knowledge, by the revelations of the Holy Ghost to his soul, that this work in which we are engaged is true.

How does one get such a knowledge? God is no

respecter of persons and he, through the Holy Ghost, will reveal to every person who abides by the law upon which the receipt of that revelation is predicated, a knowledge that this work is true.

The first step in complying with that law is for a person to desire to know. Men are given according

to their desires, and unless they desire in their hearts to know that this work is true, that Jesus is the Christ, and that Joseph Smith was a Prophet of God, they will never exert the effort, and they will never comply with the law which will entitle them to know.

The second step is that we must study the principles of the gospel. When we are told that we are to

study the gospel, it means we must study to know and understand it, not study to prove or disprove it.

Proof and conviction must come through the Holy

Ghost. Man can never get a testimony by reading

the writings of men.

The third step is that we must practise the principles which we learn and make them a living part of The value of our lives.

As a fourth step, we must pray to the Lord in humility and in faith and beseech him to reveal to us whether or not this work is true.an individual There is no one, who, by complying with these four

steps, cannot gain for himself a knowledge of the true gospel.

Elder Mark E. Petersen in his talk "The Power of

stated that unfortunately many of our testimony Testimony"people have only a mental or intellectual acceptance by Sussette Andrus of Jesus as the Christ. A true conversion has never

taken place. A true conversion must be born of the

spirit. We must be converted spiritually as well as

intellectually.

The dictionary defines convert as meaning "to turn or change from one state to another."Just what is

our own view of conversion? Jesus spoke to Nicodemus and told him that unless a man is born again

he cannot even see the kingdom of God. This comes

of a certain conception of conversion—born of the

water, yes, in baptism, but we are also born of the

Spirit. That birth of the Spirit means something

more than most of us normally realize.

Through proper teaching a conviction is born in our soul. Faith develops. Through it we see how

important it is to become like Christ. We see ourselves as we. are in contrast to a Christlike soul. A

desire for a changeover is born within us. The

changeover begins. We call it repentance. Through

our faith and as part of our conversion or change

272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA from one state to another, we begin to see the beauty headache, determined to suffer it out without the tea.

of righteousness. We desire it instead of sinful things, She never drank tea from that day on, and after that

and in that manner there is born in our hearts a first bad bout her headaches disappeared.

hunger and a thirst for righteousness. We strive with The story is told of two young men, who, though

all our souls to become like the Savior. We resist reared in good Latterday Saint homes, married out

temptation, because now we can see sin for what of the Church, and gradually fell away altogether.

it is, the degrading influence which will drag us Both of them knew a great deal about Mormondown. All this is part of conversion. ism. They had read the Book of Mormon; they had

A conversion to the principles of the gospel is the read our Church historv. They knew much about our

best safeguard we have against temptation and sin. Church; but there had never been a conversion. The

The Savior had that in mind when he taught the knowledge they acquired did them no good whatever

Nephites to "... pray always lest ye enter into so far as living the gospel was concerned.

temptation."(3 Ne. 18:18.) Prayer builds up this Can we afford to put off gaining a spiritual testispirit of testimony as a resistance and fortification mony? Can we take the risk of losing the influence of

against temptation. It builds up a proper value of the gospel in our lives by drifting away? We as young

things so that when we see temptation we can see people cannot carry on the standards of the Church it for what it is, turn from it, and learn to love those unless we believe in them. There must be a carryrighteous things for which we have developed this over of actual conversion—a rebirth—or we shall never

hunger and thirst. That is all part of conversion. live the gospel, and we shall never be able to resist

Some people believe that they are born with a the temptations of the world.

testimony. This is not so. As Paul asks: "... how However, no person can get a testimony of the gosshall they believe in him of whom they have not pel without effort on his part. We can be grateful for

heard?"(Romans 10:14.) the MIA as well as for our seminary and Sunday

President Heber J. Grant showed this when he said School activities. These programs are designed to

that though he and his wife knew the multiplication help us gain a testimony of the gospel through study, tables, he certainly didn't expect his children to be but only we, ourselves, make a true conversion possiborn with that knowledge. The same idea could be ble. Through our desires and earnest prayers we must

applied to a knowledge of the gospel. No one can seek for the Spirit of the Holy Ghost to make the

know the gospel is true unless he studies it and truthfulness of the principles of the gospel known to gains a testimony for himself. us.

If only we young people could get the kind of Then, too, a testimony might be looked upon as a testimony that would make us strong and enable us composite of many testimonies. We don't get a testito resist temptations and be able to stand firm in our mony of tithing until we live the law of tithing, nor

convictions as did the Saints of the pioneer days, do we get a testimony of prayer until we pray. I

especially those members of the Church in Missouri don't believe we get a testimony of the Doctrine and at the time of the bitter persecutions there! How Covenants by reading the Book of Mormon or the

happy we would be backed by such convictions! Bible. We have to read and study the Doctrine and

Would we die for the gospel? Will we be able to Covenants, pray over it, and live the principles that

resist temptations and evil? It all depends on whether are there. As we live and experience them, we get a

or not we are converted, truly converted. testimony. We could go through the whole list of

A testimony not only enables us to live properly, the principles. If we are going to get a testimony of

but it also impels us, in the words of the Savior, to put any one of them, we have to study it, pray about it, the seeking of the kingdom of God first in our lives, and then live it. When we have a testimony made

and all other things will be added thereunto. up of these many individual testimonies, we shall be

One of the secrets of the success of our missionary able to resist all temptations.

system is the individual testimonies of the missionIn summary, I would like to say to those of us who aries. might have only an intellectual testimony, that if we

Elder Petersen tells of his wife's mother, who was can realize the richness of possessing a complete spirconverted to the Church in England at approximately itual knowledge and testimony, one which will guide forty years of age. All her life she had been a heavy and direct us to do the things that will bring us joy

teadrinker, and when she had bad headaches, she and happiness, we shall be filled with the desire to would take more tea. Then she was converted and humble ourselves and pray to God in earnest supplinaturally found out about the Word of Wisdom. Becation for the Holy Ghost to make it possible for our

lieving that whatever the elders taught was so, she rebirth of the spirit, that a true testimony of the gospel quit drinking tea and went to bed with her worst plan may be born within us.

APRIL 1959 273 "And Go to the House took the land back. When Sister so popular that it taxed ward faciliof Prayer"Poole learned of this, she called on ties. A group of ward members, Mr. Fort and asked him to donate regular participants on a TV quiz

the five acres to the LDS Church. show, have turned another $1,000

(Continued) on the Church ColSomewhat dubiously, Mr. Fort plus to the building fund.

lege of Hawaii, "Our biggest assignagreed to the proposition if the imIn the Mill Creek area the MIA ment is to build character. If we provements were started within six presented the bishop a Christmas

succeed in that, we make a success months. Energetically, the members wreath with $200.00 tucked into it

of the job. If we don't, it's a failure."of the branch rallied to the cause, to boost the building fund. And

And there is much character building and the building progressed. Attorwe could go on indefinitely telling

that goes into the erection of a ney Fort was delighted with "our of the giving almost beyond the posmeetinghouse. church,"as he soon called it. More sibility of giving—and giving again—

In one story of service we find than that he consented to serve on but behind these who have given illustrated once again the worth of the branch finance committee—and lies the feeling of being bound to-

a widow's mite. A widow in Buna it is increased progress for the new gether in a great cause—the glow

Branch, Texas, owned a small cotton Gaffney meetinghouse! and satisfaction that come from

plantation, to operate which she emAnother poignant story is that of service and sacrifice.

ployed two workers whom she paid the Faldmo family. A work mission The Church buildings serve yet

on a monthly basis. She wished to was accomplished by Isaac Faldmo, another important function—they

assist the building program, but she his son Norman, and his grandson, become missionaries wherever they was in modest circumstances. Finally Norman, Jr. All of them worked are erected. As an example, thoushe hit upon a plan: during rainy or unitedly as metal lathers on the sands, not members of the Church,

inclement weather, she sent her two Church College of Hawaii—three were given the opportunity to pass

men to work on the Church as her generations faithfully engaged in through our sacred temples before donation. During a six months'the same worthy work. their dedication in Switzerland, Los

period they averaged two and three The raising of money to meet the Angeles, New Zealand, and London.

days a week. Her consistent effort ward or branch goal is always presInterest was aroused. Meetingresulted in the steady progress of the ent. The Garden Grove Second houses are always open for visitors.

project, and to her pleased surprise Ward in California under Bishop When the appointments are as they she found that her donation was Keith F. Matthews used many novel should be—when all of the various

among the largest contributions to wavs to raise funds for their meetsteps in the building have been unthis project. inghouse. More than $15,000 a year dertaken in an orderly manner—

Melinda Poole, wife of the branch has been netted from their activithe stranger, the investigator comes president in Gaffney, South Carolina, ties. Carnivals and egg routes, to listen, to learn, to worship, and

learned of the unusual gift of Attorsales of Christmas trees, Easter basoften to join.

ney Fort to the city. He offered kets, Christmas cards, holiday fruit The Church building program has

five acres for a park, with the proviso and cakes have been responsible. A today become big business—but it

that the work be completed in two ward catering service often netted is the business of bringing people to years. When the city neglected its $200.00 a night and a homebaked, a knowledge of Christ and his gospart of the bargain, the attorney wholewheat bread sale has proved pel—to bring to them joy everlasting.

The Western Standard cipal street in town, and we immepress January 28, 1856, barely six diately commenced the publication months after their arrival in Cali- (Continued) him learned all the of the translation of the Book of fornia. The day following the comparticulars concerning the condition Mormon in the Hawaiian language. pletion of the precious book, the first

of the mission. Finding that Elder Two thousand copies of this work child was born to George Q. and

Cannon had been called to labor were issued and sent down to the Elizabeth Cannon while its father under his direction, Elder Pratt Islands. While publishing this work, was absent holding a meeting at

deemed it wise, as he was leaving, and attending to the other labors Salmon Falls. To their deep sorrow

to set apart Elder Cannon to preside which devolved upon me, I mainthe new life continued only for a over the Pacific Mission, subject to tained a constant correspondence few weeks.

the direction of any of the twelve with President Brigham Young. He The publication of the paper, The

apostles who might visit or be called still favored the publication of a Western Standard, and the fulfilto labor in that area. newspaper, and appointed me to be ment of duties involved in the misThe first order of business for the its editor, and, by his kind, fatherly sion were tasks which called for all

young elders was to secure a suitable and hopeful counsels, gave myself of Elder Cannon's mental and physioffice, set up the press, and go to and the Elders laboring with me, cal energies, and these were willingly work. Concerning this Elder Cannon continual encouragement in our devoted thereto. Prospects in San

later wrote: labors.""Francisco for the establishment of a

"An office was secured on the prinThe last form was run off the printingoffice and newspaper he

274 THE IMPROVEiMENT ERA You are looking at a time machine

It sounds like science fiction: traveling lubricants for planes that fly faster than sound,

across the continent in 4 x/2 hours, going from or cruise nonstop around the world. They've

New York to London in 6V2, cutting airline helped engine designers solve problems of heat schedules almost in half. and cold, in addition to aiding airlines with

Yet these are routine for jet liners in the jet faster airport fueling systems.

age—an era people at Standard's research The sum of these years of development has

laboratories have been working toward since been to add hours to the traveler's day, days to the day seventeen years ago when we fueled the the vacationer's week. So, in helping to harness

first U. S. jet flight. time, as well as in putting petroleum to many

Since then our scientists have worked with other uses for you, the people at Standard are the armed forces to perfect fuels and special planning ahead to serve you better.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

APRIL 1959 275 had found to be of the most diswill accomplish the desired ob- "It is to correct this feeling, to couraging character. ject.... We have full faith in its make our principles and belief more

"The Lord opened our way in a practicability,'and in the results publicly known, to give greater most signal manner.... It really which will attend it."1 - facilities for investigation, and to deseemed to me that money grew in The editor felt that men had forfend an innocent, much abused and

our hands, and that five dollars—gotten that "there are two sides to injured people against the aspersions

though considered a very small a story"—that a possibility might of their enemies that this paper has

amount in those days in Californiaexist of the "Mormons"being misbeen started.... We feel it to be

would go farther and accomplish represented. He summed up the incumbent upon us to be the exmore than four times the amount whole problem very clearly. ponent of our own doctrines."13

would under ordinary circumstances. "We have long needed a press; The Western Standard was to be

"... Friends were raised up on our enemies have had the privilege, independent, both in religion and

every hand, and though our pathway for years, of giving publicity to politics, and its editor considered was not free from obstacles, yet the doctrines and views of our Church; himself free to express his ideas upon

work moved off so successfully that they have maligned, vilified and misall subjects that might come under we felt greatly favored and blessed represented us; and the good which his notice. He had striven to cultiof the Lord."10 has been occasionally ascribed to us, vate a spirit of liberality and tolerIt was on January 4, 1856, that they have taken particular pains to ance for all who were sincerely

there was issued a prospectus of The withhold from the world. 'Mormonendeavoring to practise correct prinWestern Standard, and it outlined ism/ its evils and abominations, as ciples and were willing to accord all

the subject matter that would appear they love to term our peculiarities, men the privilege of worshiping God in that newspaper. It was "to be dehave been exhaustless themes on according to the dictates of their

voted to the interests of the Church which every scribbler could dilate, own conscience.

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints with but very little danger of being From time to time some interest-—to be an exponent of its doctrines, called to account for his misrepreing items appeared in the Deseret

I and a medium through which the sentations. Our publications have News concerning The Western

public can derive correct informabeen eagerly scanned, and every Standard. The following is an intion in relation to its objects and idea or statement calculated, when teresting example:

progress."Its columns were also separated from its context, to convey "A Star in the West began, on Satto "contain items of general intelliimpressions prejudicial to us, and to urday, the 23rd of Feb., 1856, to

gence and the current news of the bias the mind of the public against illume the horizon on the borders day, both foreign and domestic."us and our doctrines, has been of our Pacific coast, for on that day

Its columns were to be "enriched by quoted, commented upon, and and date Elder Geo. Q. Cannon

the correspondence of the elders of blazoned from one end of the land issued No. 1 of Vol. 1 of 'The Westthe Church, who are labouring in to the other. ern Standard,'and clearly, steadily,

different portions of the earth"and and broadly may its genial rays by "choice selections from the leadlighten the lovers of truth in the ing papers of the United States and pathway of righteousness, and its

Great Britain."It was being issued mild radiance make still more visible

"under the sanction of the First the erratic courses of earth's nations

Presidency of the Church"and was in quest of stability in ways in which to be "found on the side of truth, it will never be found, and the defending it and heralding it forth."strange and devious wanderings of

As a medium of advertising it was to high and low, rich and poor, king facilities "present to busiunusual dealers,"general as it REQUIREMENTS inandpathspeasant,whichinleadsearchnot ofto happinessits attainnessmen and was to be "extensively circulated ment."14

among the emigrating portion"of by Elaine V. Emans About this same time Elder Wilthe community. It was going to be ford Woodruff, in writing to Orson

a "weekly newspaper"and the "terms What is a washday Pratt in England, mentions the new paper. of subscription—$5 per annum, in Without wind

11 advance.""I am very much pleased with the Curving the rainbow

The first number of The Western Colors pinned, appearance of the Standard; it is

Standard was issued on February 23, And what is washday ably conducted, and I think it will 1856. Editor Cannon, in an "IntroWithout bright prove a benefit to the Saints, and

ductory Address,"explained in some Sun bleaching linens help to keep at bay some of our vile detail the reasons for commencing Yet more white? calumniators, who will not be so

the publication, and he had great barefaced in their attacks when thev faith in the outcome. With neither one, see we have a paper that will defend

"We undertake the discharge of How incomplete our cause."15

these labors with a firm reliance on The day is, how One of the first editorials written that power which we have often Lacking in sweet for the new paper was one entitled, proved to be allsufficient for those Outdoors a blanket ''Mormonism,'What Is It?"In this

who put their trust therein, believing Or sheet spread article the editor sought to correct that every effort of ours, so long as At night upon some of the misrepresentations we operate upon correct principles, Its waiting bed. which had been published by other

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When

you get

l:y that >*v Hollow

Feeling...

:X

time for NABISCO

r - L-V- Sugar,U

r*—Pt Honey 7 o. \r Grahams

<*4tw-,

Available in oneand twopound packages

Sweet enough... flavored just right for adults'and children's tastes alike Wonderfully light... won't spoil

appetites Baked with pure, fresh honey and rich graham flour Scored so they snap right in half for easy eating Wrapped in 3 InEr-Seal wax packets to keep 'em fresh and crisp, national biscuit company

APRIL 1959 277 newspapers in the area and to outline briefly a few of the chief characteristics of the restored gospel.

Among other things he wrote:

"If many of the conductors of public journals had been as desirous GREATEST by ship gives you more for your transportation to show the people the good side of To Europe dollar (costs less, too)! Aboard any spacious Cunarder 'Mormonism'as they have been what

you enjoy famous food, fun and service... a vacation in they are pleased to call, the bad side,

itself. Handy pier... reliable schedules... generous free it would have obviated the necesbaggage allowance. And you arrive refreshed. sity of us having recourse to this

method to make our belief public.... We are perfectly willing,

yes, and even desirous to have our principles investigated. Our books CHOICE

Always widest choice of dates, ships, rates, accommodaand publications are open to all."16

tions in the Atlantic's biggest fleet. An average of 3 sailThe editor of the Standard wrote

ings a week to Europe... including express service to many editorials concerning such

Cherbourg and Southampton by the Queen Elizabeth gospel subjects as the necessity for and Queen Mary, world's largest superliners. the priesthood, the need for apostles

and prophets, the importance of gathering, the evidence of miracles, the fallacy of spiritualism, etc. The

question of Utah statehood was disOver 118 years'CUNARDexperience assures utmost comfort, cussed many times. The Civil War,

pleasure on a Cunard crossing. And for thrilling cruise which broke out a few years later,

vacations, Cunard's yearround program of cruises to was predicted.

delight every taste, budget, vacation schedule. "The spirit of strife, division and

civil war, is triumphing; and it is

See your travel agent. plain to be seen, that unless these

breaches are healed, civil war and the disruption of the Union are ex- (OCUNARD QTkiWkt tremely probable."17

That was certainly a time for brave

Goes up:: journalisming into beingin a citylike thata giant,was springwhere

corruption ruled and where bands

Goes down violence.of hoodlumsEditorcarriedCannonon commentedthefts and

as follows concerning the wickedness so prevalent:

"Since 1849, it is said that fourBECAUSE... Ounce for teen hundred lives have been taken

: WITH FINGERTIP CONTROL ounce, Clabber Girl costs by violence; and, for all this vast

less than other leading amount of bloodshed,, but two or brands! three have paid the penalty exacted

BECAUSE... Clabber Girl by the laws. Ballotbox stuffing,

is exclusively known as illegal elections and fraud of every with the baking the powder apparent, have been it is now.. kind, action double balanced

extent, practiced to an unlimited in uniformity for balanced both mixing bowl and oven. and the most corrupt venality has

characterized, with a few exceptions, the officers of the city, county and state governments. It is notorious

that, in this city, a rich or influential

STODDARD I* Absolutewithout expensiveautomatic openingelectrical—murdererneither couldcould annot honestbe condemned,man be

Overhead equipment. A touch of the elected to office."18

handle the glides and door \ out the against spoke He also jteel full silently to position. open Vigilance Committee, which had it Precision lets close balancepOarage; recently into sprung existence witn child fi ngertip and ease. can A

Doors sa*esizes.'v Perate even the larger hands.had takenIt thewas lawhis intoopinionits ownthat

"when the majority of the people

SEE YOUR LOCAL are pure and upright"they would "offices of trust LUMBER DEALER elect good men to

Distributed by MORRISONMERRILL 278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONOCO... Hottest Brand Going...

announces 2nd Bigger 'n'Better

HOTTEST CONTEST GOING!

CadillacWin a

First Prize!

00 112 PRIZES...plus twelve terrific $1,000.00 bonuses!$50.000

!Second Prize: 1959 STATION WAGON IT'S EASY TO WIN

OF YOUR CHOICE! Just complete our new Conoco Jingle!

the Ford, Chevrolet Choose full Cadillac a Let Dealer a hand, Win lend Conoco you a Station or Plymouth Wagor cash, of other the at the Hottest sign Stop in Brand; of color on, the and make, prizes, writing by great, his service are you'products a His 11 see—you've always equipment last line to winning

to (up $4,000.00). wanted Jingle. our Conoco

Rhyme last word / instantly! Third Prize: Fourth Prize: thewithConocosee. ReadProducts.about Example: Perks up your car almost

VICTOR 100 RCA VICTOR 10 RCA ENTER: Obtain official entry blanks only from your Conoco Dealer. TO HOW SETS! PORTABLE TV SETS! TV COLOR as as often Enter you wish.

Where to send: After completing entry, mail to: Conoco Hottest Contest Going,

1959new television that adds Bigscreen TV trimly designed Box 5529, Chicago 77, Illinois.

living color. Simple to operate. to be carried. Now—wherever Other Rules: Contest begins April 1, 1959 and ends May 31, 1959. Entries must

1959. 31, Contest subject to complete

Dealers'. atFully guaranteed. you go—take the show! berulespostmarkedas set forthbeforeon entrymidnight,blanks availableMay all Conoco

FACTS ABOUT CONOCO PRODUCTS: New Conoco Royal Gasoline with TCPtplus.

Plus twelve $1,000.00 Cash Bonuses! For winners of top twelve The allpowerful gasoline with builtin protection. Boosts power as it cuts wear

prizes (Cadillac, Station Wagon, or Color TV) who change as it increases mileage.

oil with New Conoco allseason Super Motor Oil or Conoco at Newa MotorConocoOil allseasonPrice virtuallySuper doublesMotor Oil.protectionThe world'sagainstFirstwearSupercomparedLubricantto

Super Motor Oil before sending in their entry blank and conventional oils.

have entry so certified by Conoco Dealer. Conoco Royal Service. Always prompt, efficient, courteous and expert. When

"Choose any 1959 Cadillac model (Series 62) you prefer: convertible, hardyou get it, you haven't got a driving worry in the world.

choice of comparably top,... or similar sedan OIL priced car (maximum retail FACTS COMPANY: ABOUT CONTINENTAL in cash! value: it with We'll fill $10,000 $6,200.00). It's America's second oldest oil company. major

* The Conoco Red Triangle is seen by 48 million people every day.

Conoco serves the people of 27 states, through 8,687 service stations.

Get going in 1959's fTrademark owned and patent applied for by Shell Oil Company. 1959, Continental Oil Company.

Hottest Contest Going... SEE YOUR CONOCO DEALER TODAY!

APRIL 1959 279 and power,"and, "when such men touch upon this allabsorbing subcation the editor, in an article enare in power, there is no need of ject. There are men from whom no titled "Completion of the First

organizations being formed unknown proposition is too wild, impracticable Volume,"summarized some of the to and unrecognized by the laws."or antirepublican to publish as a paper's accomplishments and testithat "when the bounds of checking thatHe felt of means 'Mormonism'and fied has "the hand of the Lord

are law overstepped, there is no the increase of the 'Mormons.'"23 so plainly throughmanifested been

barrier to restrain the masses."19 On December 10, 1856, the First out the experience of the past twenty

It is worth while to mention that Presidency issued their "Fourteenth months, that we close our volume the other editors were taking notice General Epistle,"and they again with the full assurance that so long of what Editor Cannon wrote and mentioned George Q. Cannon and as it is the design of the Lord and

were restraining themselves a little the good work he was doing with the counsel of his servants for a more in what they wrote. According The Western Standard. press and publication to be mainto the Deseret News, "The Western tained here, that nothing will hinder

Standard is causing reckless editors its accomplishment, if we do our to a little be more if duty."that convinced was He shy in dishing WRITTEN FOR APRIL

lies, slander,up misrepresentation, their they did duty they would be and vituperation "blessed the and have approval of concerning the by Leone E. McCune "20 25 'Mormons.'Spirit the of the Lord."

is interesting to note from the Elder Cannon had great faith in Now earth emerges from the tight It the outcome of this work and felt cocoon Journal History that on August 13, that only good would eventually Of frozen immobility, and soon 1857, the leaders of the Church deresult even from the actions of the The trickling streams will swell in posited books, pamphlets, newsenemies of the Church. joyous flow papers, etc., in the southeast corner

"The Lord has numberless ways From glassbound glens, to fields and of the Salt Lake Temple foundaof effecting his purposes, and the vales below. tion, and that included with this

his slanderers of people he uses were many issues of The as The weakened silver sun, no longer material 2 toinstruments mankind. warn Were Western Standard. cold

there no slanderers of 'Mormonism'Moves nearer now to flood the land The coming of Johnston's army tothere to attract nothing would be in of Utah ward 1857 the summer gold. with

the attention of the people."- brought Pacific changes to the some hill 1 Each and slope is turning soft

He believed that the fact that the limegreen Mission. As soon as the word

Mormons were so falsified and Where, pink and white, the blosreached California, those of the slandered was strong evidence that soming orchards lean. Saints whose homes were in Utah

they had the truth. Blue violets, jonquils brave the began preparations to return. Elder

"It is astonishing that 'Mormonmorning cold Cannon stayed at his post but sent ism,'or the 'Mormons,'cannot be And tulips preen their colors, new his wife with her new baby, John assailed by any other weapons than and old. Q., only a few months old, back

ridicule and falsehood—that their across the desert. They were in the

system presents no vulnerable spot Each year we watch this miracle, care of George's younger brother, for them to be attacked reasonably behold David, who had been sent on a misand logically.... Wherever the The subtle change from death to sion to California the previous year.

sound of 'Mormonism'has been life unfold! Cold weather was encountered on

heard, you will find its enemies inWe see in nature—glorious testament the way, and the young mother had

variably pursuing one beaten track And from our God, a mortal life was difficulty in keeping her infant son in opposition to it, as though they sent alive. As it was, his feet were

were under the influence of one conIn Jesus Christ, his own Begotten frosted.

trolling mind, though they may be Son One of the strange parts of that of different nations, languages, and Who died for us, that life from death journey was that Elizabeth carried creeds. There is no appeal to reabe won. with her in a sealed metal case the

son, Scripture or anything else that embalmed remains of her first child, would be likely to test its doctrines So precious, through his words we which she would never permit to be properly—no examination of the find the key buried, knowing that her stay in San

fruit by which its virtues might be How life goes on and on, eternally! Francisco would be temporary and

known; but it is one continual wishing to have her baby laid away

stream of the most filthy slanders near where she herself would be inand abuse, about the people, their "In California The Western Standterred. 27

habits and domestic arrangements."22 ard is faithfully warning the people, On December 1, 1857, Elder CanIn commenting upon an article in under the able care and guidance non entered in his journal that

the New York Commercial Adverof Brother George Q. Cannon.... Elders Orson Pratt and Ezra T.

tiser Elder Cannon sums up his feelThe publication of that paper has Benson of the Council of the Twelve, ings concerning those who in that proved very useful and beneficial in along with others, had arrived in day were writing upon the subject correcting public opinion, and in exSan Francisco the previous day from of "Mormonism."ercising a salutary influence over the England. They called at his office

"Men who can write sensibly and few to be found in that land who are and counseled him to settle up his logically upon other subjects, get seekers after truth."24 business and accompany them

completely befogged when they At the end of one year of publihome. 28

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA callnew tools3 to make AFY hay There's big news this year in haymaking! Allisswath to windrow... saves more leaves.

Chalmers is introducing three new, faster, smootherThird, the No. 10 Model RotoBaler rolls hay

working hay tools. into leafy, weatherresistant round bales nonstop.

First is the rugged, nopitman Model 80-R, tractorNow you can make better hay... faster. Save the

mounted mower with TwinWheel balanced drive. leafy, nutritious goodness for more livestock gains

Smooth, fast action, cuts cleaner and quieter.... increase production and profits. Ask your AllisSecond, the supersmooth, tractormounted No. 77 Chalmers dealer how these new tools help you make

parallelbar rake moves hay a shorter distance from firstchoice hay.

New Mower! The 80-R brings you new advantages in a nopitman mower. It has TwinWheel

drive and new bridgebuilt frame for maximum strength and rigidity. Glides through heaviest hay

—cuts faster, cleaner. Quickattaches to A-C tractors. Trailtype No. 7 mower fits all make tractors.

New Rake! The new No. 77 is the latest and

best of the popular parallelbar rakes. Attaches to

AllisChalmers tractors with SnapCoupler hitch and is hydraulically lifted and lowered. Where

tedding is wanted as well as raking, use the trailtype No. 7. Operates with all make tractors.

New No. lO Model ROTOBALER! Offers

all the advantages of weatherresistant round bales... with nonstop operation. Companion to

the standard model—lowestpriced, bigcapacity

baler on the market.

Make the BIG MOVE to More Profit! RotoBaler, TwinWheel and SnapCoupler are AlllsChalmera trademarks.

ALUSCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

LISXEN! Farm news,

markets, music! "National Farm ALLISCHALMERS and Home Hour"NBC radio.

Elder Cannon worked all day and Melchizedek Priesthood family project to be a part of the night and was able to store the press regular home evening or it could be and other printing equipment, settle (Continued) automatic and axiodeveloped in any other way desired his business, and leave everything in matic that he will want to offer those by the family.

orderly shape and depart with the same sealing blessings to his ances- 4. That Belief Society sisters be

brethren by steamer for the south. tors through the performance of viencouraged to cooperate with their

Two days before Christmas, as carious temple ordinances. husbands in tracing their family

they were on their way home, Orson Also, we find the Handbook, on lines. Many of our sisters are

Pratt and Ezra T. Benson wrote a page 34, recording the direction that among our most skilled researchers.

letter to The Millennial Star in EngChurch service committees have the 5. That young people be encourland and mentioned their departure obligation "to convert every quorum aged by their parents and by Church

for home. member to the gospel; [and] to enofficers to participate in the gene-

"The Western Standard has been list him in some church service."alogical training now offered through

discontinued, and the editor and his Anyone who is fully converted to the regular lesson work of the Sunassociates are with us on their way the gospel will do all he can to take day School, YWMIA, and the Prito G. S. L. City."the blessings of the gospel to his anmary Association.

They reached Salt Lake City on cestors through genealogical re- 6. That as the research needs of

January 19, 1858. And thus closed search and the performance of viindividuals require, they make use

a very interesting and important carious ordinances. of the records now available at the

chapter in the life of George Q. In view of all this, it is suggested: central Genealogical Library in Salt

Cannon—a life that was to be full 1. That stake presidencies mainLake City. Access to these may be

of many other exciting chapters. tain their genealogical committees had during both weekdays and

Many choice editorials from The at full strength to assist the people evenings; but, initially at least, most

Western Standard were later comin performing research work. Saints will not need to go beyond

piled and published in a book en- 2. That all Melchizedek Priesttheir own family circles for a good

titled Writings from the Western hood quorums make the performance beginning in research work. Inquiry

Standard. It seems that his work in of temple work one of their quoamong immediate relatives often

San Francisco permanently estabrum projects, with particular emphabrings forth a goodly harvest of lished his reputation as a writer, and sis on the necessity to engage genealogical information.

later he edited such publications as in research. Quorum presidencies President Wilford Woodruff said:

the Deseret News, The Millennial should be the ones who encourage "We want the Latterday Saints

Star, and The Juvenile Instructor, as actual temple attendance, since they from this time to trace their genewell as authoring several books and are the ones acquainted with the alogies as far as they can and he becoming one of the great speakers personal worthiness of their memsealed to their fathers and mothers.

and gospel authorities of the bers. But the Church service comHave children sealed to their parChurch. 30 mittees can arrange the details of ents, and run this chain through as

temple excursions and encourage and far as you can get it. This is the will

FOOTNOTES direct research projects. of the Lord."

3. That all holders of the MelNext month this Melchizedek

JThe2 I NephiDeseret3:7. Weekly 56:705. chizedekown familyPriesthoodrecords, preparewith the theircoPriesthoodsuggestions pagerelativewillto carryhow quorumsdetailed

sThe Deseret Weekltj 56:705. operation of their wives and chilshould direct and encourage gene-

'Ibid. 5Journal of Discourses 4:36. dren. This could well become a alogical research.

"The Deseret Weekly 56:705.

''The Juvenile Instructor 33:65.

sThe Millennial Star 17:502.

"Writings from the Western Standard, viii. 10Ibid., viiiix. THE NEW SONG

"The Millennial Star 18:171.

'"The Western Standard, Feb. 23, 1856. by Silence Buck Bellows

lbid.uThe Deseret News 6:69.

ir'The Millennial Star 18:507. I wish I might have sung this song for you.

The Western Standard, March 1, 1856. It has the melody, the tender grace,

"Ibid., 1856. 6, Julv

lsIbid., 1856. That gave each simple, tender tune its place 7, June

"Ibid., Aug. 23, 1856. Among your favorites, your cherished few.

20The Deseret News, Nov. 1, 1856. This is the kind of song we always knew

Standard, Western 21The to trace quietude heart's deep call your Aug. 23, 1856. Would

**Ibid., 1856. 21, June your face of contentment on The pattern "Ibid., 1857. 27, March

ZiThe Millennial Star 19:241-2. And linger in your voice the evening through.

2SThe Western Standard, Feb. 28, 1857.

History, 'Journal Aug. 13, 1857. Is heaven so far beyond the lights of home? 79:513. 27The Instructor

-sIbid., 79:513-4. Perhaps, if I should sit a little while

"-"The Millennial Star 20:189. And sing this quietly, the waiting room

Choice selections from the writings and Would seem to brighten with your old, warm smile.

been discourses of George have Q. Cannon title And then my listening heart would hear you say, the under published compiled and

of Gospel Truth. "Mark that one, dear, to sing again someday."

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FAST SERVICE when you need it. Around the

FARMERS SAVES YOU MONEY!

clock, across the country, the man from Farmers COMPARE THE COST of Farmers with any is at your side. He goes to bat for you—fast, proother auto insurance. Farmers low, low rates

mean real savings. And Farmers gives you

tects your best interests. better service, broad coverage—MORE

INSURANCE protection for your dollar.

FAIR SETTLEMENT of claims is a Farmers rule. GET ADDED PREMIUM DISCOUNTS

No delays, no red tape. Your Agent can inspect Farmers allows a 10%* reduction to accident-free drivers and a 25% additional disdamages, arrange for repairs, sign the check. Puts count on second car if you qualify.

you back on your wheels without delay. *Discount not available in Washington

FRIENDLY PEOPLE ready and willing to serve PROTECTION AGAINST UNINSURED DRIVER

Have you heard of someone who was injured by you quickly, efficiently. Call the Agent from an uninsured motorist and couldn't collect? All

Farmers Insurance Group listed in your phone Farmers auto liability policies automatically provide protection in such cases—paying as much as

book. $10,000. Ask any Farmers Agent for full details.

FARMERS Farmers Auto INSURANCE

GROUP tfymbci ofRupert orreryice/ AUTO LIFE FIRE TRUCK InsuranceOF LOS ANGELES

APRIL 1959 283 Church and the building project account opened. During the process of raising the

minimum starting fund of 30% of the local the of One raised, as are funds, these share are they secretaries several transferred to to general the be headin the engineering quarters of the Church. deThe Church department is Alice

Rentmcister. posits these funds in savings, drawing

interest for the account of the local unit.

The construction of the meetinghouses is under the direction of the construction department of the

Church building committee, which is responsible for interviewing and selection of all construction superintendents for meetinghouse projects

So you want to build? subject to concurrence by the bishop

or branch president. A construction

superintendent must have the neces- (Continued) proceed under one of committee on expenditures for its sary experience and ability to work two methods: approval. If approval is given, the closely and efficiently with men who

building project is set up for condonate labor as well as to direct sum( 1 competitive) General contractbids. based on lump struction. Before the construction paid and skilled workmen and sub-

( 2 ) Construction superintendent method of a meetinghouse proceeds these contractors. The responsibility of

based on some of the work being perrequirements must be met by the actually constructing the meetingformed by competitive bidding of indiward membership. house does not fall on the bishop.

vidual trade classifications, the balance The construction superintendent, of the work being performed by local a. It is required that the local unit have however, works very closely with

site of for the share meetinghouse paid /ordonated paid the its and labor under or the bishop branch president and title order. in cleared the andsupervision of construction and the superinwith meets frequently to conhim

are b. to required of the have 30% Theytendent.

local share of the project in cash or matesider problems as they arise.

Under the construction superinrials on hand, and must give proof of a In connection with the specifications for financial great meetinghouses, raising care fund sound which program is settendent a budget method, up will the of continuing allow the construcis given being the speciin reviewing fair a for basis laboron standard the tion interruption. without fications as well as the to plans seeto to materials performed, be be c. select are to required project a They that proven materials are in usedpurchased, trade the accepted and clerk will for accountant the be the who them. engineering The departmentclassification bids. Generally, the project.

meetinghouses are built under the d. They must submit the name of the of the Church building committee is

construction superintendent method local bank through which they expect constantly alert to new materials, as this allows the local unit to take to handle the financial account for the new construction methods, to assist advantage of donated labor. project to the Church financial department in providing good, sound meetingThe plans for the landscaping are so that the bank may be approved by the houses at the least possible cost.

prepared during the architectural planning period. Six trained landscape architects work with the

architects in developing the plot arrangement of walks, driveways, and parking areas. The plans for the HOME-U.S.A.

interior decoration and colors to be used are under the direction of the by Florence A. Dietz

architect. The Church discourages

the use of pictures and murals in We call it home because creative pride chapel areas. The appointments of Has willed it so. This virgin land was shaped

the meetinghouse should be simple, By us with shovels, axes, drills—and plied

neat, and clean. With buckskin, callouses, and blood. We scraped

After the total cost of the building Its rocky floors and smelted steel to coat has been determined, the budget is Its face with rails and bridges, ships and spires.

again submitted to the ward or We prize the precious documents we wrote branch for its examination. The To guard our work against internal fires.

bishop or branch president, stake or mission president, after approval by We call it home because we can say "no,"the local membership, sign the cost Our sacred privilege—and being free,

estimate which is returned to We lift an everwidening torch to throw the construction department of the A light on distant doors that lack a key—

Church building committee. The The world looks toward our nation's silvery dome;

construction department must now Why should we not be proud to call it home?

present the budget to the Church

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Upon the approval of the budget for the construction of the meetinghouse bv the Church committee on expenditures, the Church share of this budget becomes a grant for which the ward must complete the meetinghouse, except for inflationary increases because of labor adjustments and material adjustments.

The construction superintendent is a fullpaid employee, who renders service beyond his standard employment in that he works overtime directing the contributed labor. The

purchase of materials for a meetinghouse project is under the direction of the bishop, but the construction superintendent does the actual purchasing after consulting with and obtaining the approval of the bishop.

BOB AND SUE, like thousands of their elders, have [earned the truth about the "lying allure of liquor."

HAVE YOU seen through the glamorous haze thrown up by the alcohol advertisers? HAVE YOU learned enough of the truth about

liquor to want to have no part of it?

"IF YOU DON'T DRINK,"says the Preferred Risk Mutual Insurance Co., "WHY HELP PAY FOR THE ACCIDENTS OF THOSE

WHO DO?"Preferred Risk, America's first automobile insurance

company for nondrinkers only, now makes it possible for you to stop paying for the drinker's accidents—and to save money at the same furnishings ofSamuel E. Bringhurst, head time. seats. for choir examines ehairsdepartment

If you are a nondrinker,'-- we invite you to investigate, and insure with Preferred Risk. Save money—and put your automobile insurAll materials purchased and all ance where your heart is—with the thousands of others who say,

labor costs accounted must be drink."full details, don't for "No including an explanaFor Thanks—we recordson standard have been which tion Risk's of Preferred reduction merit plan for claimfreeoutlined by the Church building drivers,

committee. If the bulletin of instrucreturn this coupon now.

tions which is sent to the local unit IMPORTANT—Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional social drinker is not eligible.

at the inception of a program is thoroughly studied, this will outline ACT NOWUSE THIS COUPON and orient the local brethren to the vastness of the program and the destandPlease theresend ismenocompleteobligationinformation about your auto insurance for total abstainers. I CKunder-1254

tails they follow should which auto insurance Name Mymeticulously. If this is done, there expires:

should be no unreasonable delays, AddressMonth and the project will move forward City State Day in an orderly and businesslike manOccupation, Year ner. Age Age of principal driver of auto -Age of youngest driver.

When the meetinghouse is finMake of Car.Year No Cylindersished, the furnishings are installed, Body type & Model (Series)

is the landscapingand of Car* completed, Use Pleasure work and from Business rj To.miles one way. 3 Qthe building dedication. is ready for Marital Status of DriverPrincipal.children with Married

An application, furnished by the Single, living at home Q Single

Church building committee, is made fOrinfr Send me free copy of Christian Herald article.

by the local unit for dedication.

PREFERRED RISK MUTUALThis application states that the local HE ACCIDENTS unit certify that all invoices have THOSE INSURANCE COMPANY been paid and that there is no in150 South 4th East, Dept. 458

debtedness against the building. The Salt Lake City, Utah Phone EM 4-1931

stake or mission president also signs

America's First Total Abstainer's Automobile Insurance Co. William Piymat, President

APRIL 1959 285 the application setting forth to the the Church building committee rected. The Church meetinghouses

best of his knowledge and belief all there are at the present time are inspected annually. The maintebills and obligations have been paid. 1718 meetinghouses throughout the nance department of the Church

The application is then forwarded Church in the wards and stakes; building committee also handles all

to the finance department by the in the missions in the United States ward operational budgets as part of

Church building committee for and Canada there are 429 meetingthis program.

auditing. Upon completion of the houses and in the foreign mission As the Church continues its pheaudit the application is returned to there are 451 meetinghouses or a nomenal work, there will be inthe Church building committee for total of 2598 meetinghouses in all; creasing need for new buildings in

certification by the construction dehowever, since there is multiple use the farflung outposts of the kingpartment that the building has been by two and sometimes more wards, dom. Truly, the Church building

inspected and is properly built and of one meetinghouse is multiplied program is a blessing to the Saints that a final inspection has been made. to house a great many more wards wherever they may live throughout

Upon approval by the Church and branches than the 2598. As of the world. It is providing them a

building committee, the application December 31, 1958 there were in "house of prayer"to which they may is then forwarded to the office of the process or approved for building go to partake of Christ's holy SacraCouncil of the Twelve for dedicaand remodeling an additional 1414. ment and to participate in wholetion arrangements. Last but not least the maintenance some, characterbuilding activities

As nearly as can be determined by of the Church buildings must be dithroughout this week.

"Men with a Message another. There is no place for withthem; have compassion for them.

holding forgiveness toward one anSome of our young people have (Continued) but the Spirit of God. other, but instead there is a need for made mistakes. They have been

"Now we have received, not the developing harmony, unity, and love. censured by society and by law.

spirit of the world, but the spirit Without these, the MIA or Sunday They now find themselves on the which is of God; that we might know School or any Church organization "outside."What are we doing

the things that are freely given to cannot be blessed of the Lord to the about our class members, who, beus of God. fullest extent. These qualities have cause of their mistakes, are uncom-

"Which things also we speak, not to be developed. This may call for fortable in the ward family or who

in the words which man's wisdom individual repentance and for going may be in juvenile homes? Are they

teacheth, but which the Holy Ghost the extra mile on the part of many "off your list"? Who is going to

teacheth; comparing spiritual things of us. write to these kids, to visit them, to

with spiritual. Third, teachers must feel good encourage them, to help integrate

"But the natural man receiveth not toward, be loyal to, and support the them again? Who is going to bring

the things of the Spirit of God:... officers and priesthood authority unthem into harmony with the Church

because they are spiritually disder whom they serve. They should if we don't? These students may be

cerned."(I Cor. 2:9-14. Italics ausustain in word, action, and spirit forgotten by everyone else, but

thor's.) the General Authorities, their stake they should not he forgotten by their

Living worthy of enjoying such represidency and the stake officers, teachers, of all people in the Church!

assuring companionship, of teaching their ward bishopric and the ward Teachers are the people who should the things of God through the Spirit officers. be close to their hearts and needs.

of God, involves at least four things. I remember the story of the young The second basic need for teachers

First, there must be harmony in boy who fell out of bed. The next in the Church is scholarship—the

one's home. That involves wives, morning his grandpa was asking scholarship that means an acquainthusbands, and families. Such harabout it and said, "Well, young man, ance with the things of the Spirit.

mony will prevail only as life is how come you fell out of bed?"And They are the things with which we

made compatible with the Spirit of the boy said, "Well, I guess I didn't ought to begin and end. As Presithe Lord. The story of Joseph and get in far enough."My personal dent Clark has asserted, "The things

Emma and his problem when he was view is that some people are on the of the temporal are public domain translating is similar, I think, to the outside now because they weren't and should be so labeled and should problems and solutions which are "in far enough,"they weren't faithlargely be left alone by you; the

typical in the lives of most of us as ful and supporting. They are the things of the Spirit are our domain

we try to teach. unfortunate ones. The Church will and the things with which we should

Second, to have the companionendure; its message is eternal. But deal."Such scholarship means that

ship of the Holy Ghost there must be it needs teachers who are "in far the doctrines taught are in harmony harmony in Church organization. enough."It needs teachers with a with the established doctrines of the

That involves harmony with fellow dedication and a diligence never Church. The Church is the place

workers. One must overcome indiequaled in the past, teachers who for the Lord's word to be taught—

vidual rivalries, jealousies, and such are prepared to fulfil that "unprecenot personal philosophies or beliefs;

things as can creep into the assodented responsibility"that this day and the teachers of the Church ciations of one person with anand dispensation demands. should study and pray and live to

other. There is no place in Church Finally, to have the Spirit means be in harmony with his word. Elder

teaching for criticism, bickering, to accept and understand young peoAdam S. Bennion said that teachers

quarreling, or untoward feelings for ple. Be in harmony with them. Know and Church members ought to spend

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA some time each day in the presence For a Summer Designed of the prophets and of the Master.

... realizing do that, most of usI hope With YOU in Mind only not scholarship meansthat

preparation of particular lessons but also a personal depth and breadth that comes from a balanced preparation in life for all opportunities.

From these preparations comes the consistent excellence with which teachers approach their classes. And

it is as Paul said anciently:

But the natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God for they are foolishness unto him; neither

can he know them, because they are spiritually discerned. (I Cor. 2:14.)

This is the scholarship needed by teachers in the Church.

The third basic need, companion to scholarship, is the willingness to work. There is not one top teacher

who has to be urged to work! There

is not one top leader who has to be prodded! In his commission to the

teachers, the Lord has called for Plan to Attend Summer School diligence. This is his work! and

his youth and teach those who his should of kingdommembers the At BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY understand the true significance of it all. How can we sleep without seeking after every one who MusicalsDevotionals and is our reSPECIAL EXTRAS it is sometimes sponsibility? I know Authorities and General Church

difficult to reach every one—but it PLANNED FOR YOU religious leaders speak in ascan be done! That is what I am semblies, and the summer music

pleading for—diligence and spirit in INSTITUTES series features the finest artists

the message."with our "men Who

on Summer Music Clinic in the field. the in the can Lord rely Church

if he can't rely on teachers? He has Youth Clinic Educational Advancementscalled them. He wants to work Genealogy Institute Many students complete college

through them, and he can work in less than four years by atthrough them only if they are dediINTENSIVE COURSES tending Summer School. Outcated to their call, if they are willing Elementary Russian standing workshops and clinics

to work. If they can't give this call Advanced Counseling Theories aid teachers in refresher work.

their time and effort and work, their Executive Training Facilities—Live in modern, well

Spirit, of the the diligence power and such as Helahousing equipped

I is concern. for reason there much WORKSHOP (pictured above), and Halls man

is the Lord. of the This repeat: work in classes Halls. Attend Heritage Education Business

is dispensation! last The the This buildings. air conditioned Materials Teaching his message with needs Lord men

Dance Modern of Full world! the program to change Activities—

and Painting Print Making recreation athletics his message, with teachers and dances, we As

Reading in special his Spirit, feature must with a teach we ready by must

Guidance of scenic to that the top scholarship hike means in Education the July the develop

Radio and TV News of things the with Mt. Timpanogos. acquaintance an

Publications High School willing be must the Spirit, and we

Photography to Press willing ourselves to dedicate and CLIP AND MAIL

Library work. These are teachers'needs. Music To: Director of Summer School

They must qualify themselves to be Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah men of courage and faith, men with Please send me free of charge your Summer School the message that will change the catalog.

world. FIRST TERM: Name

of seminary group a Recently is asked, teachers "What our reJune 15July 17 Address was as teachers?"sponsibility The I am especially interested in the following courses:

responthe teachers'class SECOND TERM: concluded that

July 20August21

APRIL 1959 287 sibility was to change the world—not

adjust to it. That is indeed quite a

statement, but that is what the Lord intends us to do. The message we

have has within it a miraculous power that somehow causes us to change our lives and to do things that dollars or coercion could not get vis to do.

It has been said that the one thing that is lacking in Christian religion generally is a dimension of depth.

For you and me, this "dimension of depth"is just one thing—testimony,

the inner conviction and motivation that will move a person to action when nothing else will. Testimony

caused eleven men to change the

Live the Word of Wisdom... course of history because they were

Here are some suggestions to improve the family diet: imbued with the conviction of their

message. Testimony can cause you

1. Use as many fresh fruits and vegetables as possible and use some in the raw teachers in to carry the kingdom state each day.

2. Learn to use Whole Wheat. Start with the wheat berries. Steam or cook in a their message in such strength that

double boiler. Grind and make cereal. Use freshly ground whole wheat flour their message can also change the

to make bread and other food at home. Purchase such products if avai.able. world.

3. Avoid as much as possible using the foods that have been partly devitaminized or Think of our great corps of teachdemineralized. Use sense good care and in cooking, peeling, soaking and the ers in the Church! Thousands of foods at you prepare home. effort an Make fresh fruits to use the and vegetables in place of highly processed foods which have lost some of their nutritive them—not merely eleven! Think

elements through manufacturing and processing. what teachers could do if they would

4. Avoid smoking and taking into your body intoxicating drinks or other products accept their commission from the

containing drugs or combinations designed to produce an unnatural stimulation Lord, if they would strive more dili- (tea and coffee).

gently with and more dedication!

5. If you have a weight problem well you—would do to use SURE MEAL to sense the individual urgency provide Can we safe, calorie low meals to help you and REDUCE improve your health. general

6. For that BUOYANT FEELING use Don Lyman's Food Supplement 2 to 1 to fortify of doing something about ourselves

the best diet you can give your family. This will provide a generous amount of and the message we bear? Can we

the important Minerals and Vitamins known to be needed and many of those realize that leadership, dedication, suspected of being needed in human nutrition. and testimony of the message can

SEND FOR an introductory offer of Don Lyman's 2 TO 1 Mineral & change lives, can change the world?

Vitamin Tablets with complete formula and helpful information. This is the Dispensation of the FulT2 day supply for an adult ness of Times, a dispensation of "unprecedented responsibility"for the

24 day supply for a child (6 to 12) $2.39 "men with the message."

One Container And notice this reiteration of the promise of the Lord to those who 60 day (2 month) supply for an adult fulfil their commission:

or "... I, the Lord, am merciful and

120 day (4 month) supply for a child gracious unto those who fear me, (6 to 12) $10.00 and delight to honor those who serve

Economical Family Size me in righteousness and in truth unto 180 day (6 month) supply for an adult the end.

or "Great shall be their reward and 360 day (1 year) supply for a child ONLY $25.00 eternal shall be their glory.

"And to them will I reveal all mysteries, yea, all the hidden mysteries

DON LYMAN & ASSOCIATES of my kingdom from days of old, and 472 So. 10th East, Salt Lake City, Utah, EM 3-9674 for ages to come, will I make known

Please send or deliver without extra cost unto them the good pleasure of my will concerning all things pertaining

DON LYMAN'S 2 TO 1 j [ SURE MEAL to my kingdom. MINERALS & VITAMINS

"Yea, the even of eternity wonders f Size 20 $4.75 Meal Introductory $2.39 Offer shall they things know, to and come Size 40 $9.00 Meal 2 Month's Supply $10.00 will I show them, the even things

| Month's 6 Supply $25.00 Chocolate Vanilla of generations. many

Name "And their wisdom shall be great, and their understanding reach to

City and State 288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 4 new ways IH helps hay growers

:.:.::::.;:::: -;.....

in:, r;;:::;:::,:,:::?:::.;:! iirill

3H IP11I:: fi,< |:iWW"l;i.:J'il'"w::;:s II 1 5 I I'll

w

'<;',-::'>.: ".:-;<-.'

New McCormick No. 100 mower cuts up to 50 acres a New McCormick No. 2 hay conditioner can cut curing time

day. Smooth, quiet "wristaction"drive eliminates pit50%! Exclusive IH rubber rolls gently crush entire hay

man and gears—practically ends vibration! Just grease stem to save leaves... speed curing. Working height is

sealed bearings once a day. Get No. 100 balancedhead controlled hydraulically. When fully lifted, rubber rolls

mower in trailing and FastHitch models. separate to clear slugs.

New McCormick No. 15 field harvester directcuts and New McCormick No. 56 baler ties up to 15 tons an hour

chops up to 40 tons of alfalfa an hour. Sixknife, lawn-—day after day! Doublewindrow capacity from pickmower-type cutter head slices the crop 6,000 times a up through bale chamber handles heaviest crop with

minute. Rowcrop, windrow pickup, and cutter bar leafsaving gentleness. The No. 56 comes in wire or

units interchange in minutes. twine... pto or enginedrive models.

See these quality masters of the hayfield that help farmers put up fieldfresh feed more quickly and economically. Your nearby IH

dealer will gladly point out all the new ways IH keeps feed value from getting away!

SEE YOUR INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER DEALER

International Harvester products pay for themselves in use—Farm Tractors and Equipment... Twine, Commercial Wheel

Tractors... Motor Trucks... Construction Equipment—General Office, Chicago 1, Illinois.

APRIL 1959 289 heaven; and before them the wisdom

---,-.. **""""** of the wise shall perish, and the un- --- - m.. -: - f\ - -

derstanding of the prudent shall lllii > iiiiiilimiu illlli mi LiinitiiiiTlliMu iiiiiiiui Ililliiiiini i THE CENTER *l come to naught.

"For by my Spirit will I enlighten of them, and by my power will I make the secrets them known unto of my ihe Announcing opening ( \ CONVENIENCE those will—yea, things which even of addition! a new Covey

eye has not seen, nor ear heard, nor

For Your Convenience... yet entered into the heart of men."

Now Open (D & C 76:5-10.)

instruct will Indeed, the Lord CARLL'S BEAUTY SALON perfectly"these with a "more "men

BARBER SHOP message."

PLENTY OF FREE PARKING

AT FRONT ENTRANCE HOT The Blueprint SHOPPJSggfj (Continued) place. Or if the

builder followed the blueprint in 'Fond for the whole family". Ample parking the morning and his own whims in

the afternoon, the building would at FIFTH STREET 3-6781 Phone SOUTH MAIN EM doomed to failure and the builder

Street; Alain also for convenience: West Temp/e be two entrances easy Now to bankruptcy.

It is about the same with any success. But in life we must be

first "retime; we cannot

to experican't afford HAMMOND ORGAN rightbuild";thewe

ment; we can't rehearse. That is,

Music's Most Glorious Voice you can't rehearse birth or life or

Built for the Discriminating. death or the final judgment.

But even if you have never been

Installed in many of the over the road before, you are still

World's Greatest Catheperfectly safe, if you merely follow drals. a good road map. However, if you

depend on your own opinions and

Owned and Played by sense of direction, you may miss the

Renowned Musicians. right road. Sometimes we get

turned around. Our sense of di16 REASONS WHY the Hammond Organ is the Largest Selling rection is not always dependable. In

Church Organ in the world. Come in or write for this information. addition, mistakes involve us in un-

A proper demonstration for your church, home, or school andnecessaryextra expense.inconvenience, lost time,

will be arranged on request. It would be foolish to insist on

GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. workingespecially outwhenourweownhad roadnever maps,been

OGDEN SALT LAKE CITY PROVO over the road before. People go in

74 South Main circles who trust their own sense of

SUGAR HOUSE direction. The downfall of the nations as well as of the individuals of

the past has come about because they have insisted on making their own road maps. We who follow the Ever think what would happen if gospel have the advantage of the

objectives, ideals, and instructions of Father our in heaven knows who fire were to lay waste your home,

It is perfectly. therefore the way

See the friendly Agent of the unnecessary for us to make the costly

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. theand livesdamagingof somistakesmany, yetwhichthereblotchare

in your locality. He will be glad to help you check your some who cannot follow the most

policies. Or see... simple direction. Every day we see

brooding and suffering over unnecesHEBER J. GRANT & CO. pitiful, wrecked, frustrated lives,

General Agents sary mistakes.

20 South Main—Salt Lake City

290 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 9 Photographs taken from a plane Economy is another essential in producing copper flying 6000 feet above Kennecott's Utah Mine in successfully. Costs must be kept down when ore conBingham Canyon are the first step in determining tains only 16 pounds of copper to the ton. Sometimes

where each electric shovel will scoop up ore in the economy is achieved by farming work out—by conhuge open pit. The photographs are taken by a comtracting, as it's often called. The contractor is a

pany that specializes in making aerial maps. Then specialist with the equipment and experience needed

Kennecott engineers use the maps to decide which areas for specific work. He is able to do the job more ecoof the mine will be worked for the next six months. nomically than Kennecott can.

Before Kennecott employed this company, it took Contracting helps Kennecott center its attention six months to complete a map, using traditional suron its specialty—the basic operations of mining, millveying methods. Now the map is finished in one ing, smelting and refining copper. It helps Kennecott

month. This helps Kennecott plan mining operations operate successfully. And one of the results of sucmore efficiently, and efficiency is essential to the successful operations is economic benefits for the entire

cessful production of copper. state of Utah.

Kennecott Copper Corporation A Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah

APRIL 1959 291 There are some unfortunates who his job to show that it was hard.

seem to want to make all of the That is the side that most people people take, most because personally. must be would They DRAPERIES mistakes

is that road"; travel the disfigured "broad every fire and burned by

by every booby trap. They don't bewhere all of the temptations and

lieve in road maps; they don't troubles are. We are always hearbelieve in signs. They want to try ing about the great difficulty inout every detour and follow every volved in living the gospel. Some

side street to its dead end. How people are continually being conmuch safer and better to follow the fronted with every kind of demoralroad map that leads directly to the izing temptation. The facts are that

destination! it is very difficult to get into the

The roadway to eternal success celestial kingdom if you only work and happiness is effectively marked at it on a parttime basis. That is,

and brilliantly lighted so that we it is extremely difficult to be a need not go astray, even though we nonsmoker this month if you were a have never been over the road besmoker last month. It is a great

fore. The signboards of the gospel, burden to do your duty this year if

Simply Beautiful like the signboards of the highway, you have never done it before. It

Beautifully Simple have been carefully prepared by is not easy to be honest this year if those who know the road. you were dishonest last year. The

Sometimes we get into difficulties temptations to violate moral standin our lives by trying to follow two ards will be overwhelming in the sets of specifications at the same future if they are being violated in time. It would be easy to imagine the present.

Mechanical BeautiPteat is a for the other hand, qualifying to trying builder confusion Device to the of a On

Pleat Perfectly your fabric.

celestial is very easy vising the kingdom erect a building two difby "* needed No stiffening

Simple top hem ferent blueprints. Jesus cautioned if you always follow the blueprint

inside or outside Looks attractive comic* against this in building our lives. on a fulltime basis. That is, it is lined, unlined, valance, "k Hangs

10 years Guaranteed for be honest single."as easy an man to your eye said, "Keep He

position Pleats beautifully in any it is for as a dishonest in honest man thing to keep just one He meant less to clean costs fabric, Takes less focus. "A double minded man is to be dishonest. It is as easy for

unstable in all his ways."(James an industrious man to be industrious

1:8.) A doubleminded man is one as it is for a slothful man to be slothDistributed by who thinks or sees double. He may ful.

be using two sets of plans from What kind of people are they who different architects, whereas Jesus are always falling before the smallsaid, "No man can serve two masest temptations? They are the ones

Intermountain ters."That just isn't possible. You that have fallen before. You cancan't serve God and Satan at the not imagine Jesus having his strength

same time and hope to be successtaxed wrestling with the little tempBeauti Pleat Dist. ful. You can't ride two horses in tations to lie or steal or cheat. Why?

the same race. I heard of a man The reason is that he never deviated

5905 South State Street who tried that once, and he hadn't from the plan. Every part of his

part. life other every with squared the horses ran before very far gone Salt Lake City 7, Utah

for once and tree. sides his mind of a up made opposite on He

Robert Louis Stevenson's story of all. He followed the blueprint of

Sold by good dealers everywhere Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde is a good his Father in the council in heaven;

example of one who tried to follow he followed it in this life. Even in

two different patterns in the same the face of all of the problems of life. He thought he could be a Gethsemane he said, "Father, thy

kindly, lovable, dependable physiwill be done."The wise instruction

cian by day and a pleasuremad, of his Father was the only specificaruthless criminal by night. He soon tion for his life. Our difficulties

destroyed himself, but like Lucifer, arise because we mix in a few of the he also destroyed the happiness of specifications of Lucifer who is the many other people in the process. architect of sin and failure.

Keep your eye single is good coun- A good pharmacist, holding the sel. Don't get your blueprints mixed life of a patient in his hands, does

up. Get the proper road map, and not make unauthorized substitutions

then follow it all of the time. in the prescription. Is our eternal

Recently a seminary student asked life any less important? The pharmame if I would help him prepare for cist doesn't go by his own whims;

a debate. He said the question was neither does the airplane pilot;

whether it was hard or easy to get neither should we. We have more

into the celestial kingdom, and it was confi- (Concluded on page 295)

292 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...TO HELP BUILD THE WEST

More building and construction programs are goexpand our service to meet the needs of our terriing forward in the West today than ever before. It's tory, we will receive this year:

an immense project, building the "plant"to accommodate our surging economy. And always one of 500 MORE "PLUGDOOR"BOX CARS, (cars that

the first and vital phases is getting the materials to can be used as either single—or doubledoor)

the site. increasing our fleet of these widedoor cars

Here's where S.P. comes in. We must supply, to more than 7,500

among other things, the freight cars to efficiently handle finished lumber, plywood and other build800 HYDRACUSHION CARS FOR MAXIMUM PROing products that go into new Western factories, TECTION OF FRAGILE FREIGHT, and with widerschools, churches and homes. thannormal doors, too.

S. P. directly serves the vast timber areas of the Whether it's forest products, or anything else, we

West and has more equipment to take care of lumwant to provide safe, efficient transportation for as ber industry shipments from this territory than any much and as many as possible of the materials that other railroad. Showing that we try constantly to go into Western growth and progress.

Southern Pacific serving the Golden Empire with

TRAINS TRUCKS PIGGYBACK PIPELINES

APRIL 1959 293 Reading—and character

and wisdom

Richard L. Evans

We have talked of the rich rewards of reading and of becoming acquainted with "the best books"—

THE rewards by which "we may... move,"as Arthur

SPOKEN "in familiar fellowship observed, Balfour James BRIDAL GOWNS WORD [of special of actors the scenes periods and amid the FORMALS "l.. circle to great include social [our] past]... and extend men DRESSES

LINGERIE and great minds. Now for a moment or two may we turn to the

uses of "the in between times"—times which otherwise are wasted.

Seldom in life do we find ourselves living or working under ideal

for for people, of for appointments—waiting waiting—waiting many rid a i conditions. There are delays and distractions. There are times at times reasons, both in public places. There are and private

home and times away, in military service, for example, or on some other assignment—when, after the routine duties of the day, there

could be idle hours. And for such times reading is one of the richly

38 South Main Salt Lake City rewarding ways of relieving the boredom, and of filling in the inbetween times—not reading merely as a passer of time, but reading

with discrimination, reading something significant. "Few of the

books read among us deserve to be read,"- said William Ellery

Channing. And Francis Bacon added: "Some books are to be

to others tasted, and and chewed few to be some be swallowed, "BANQUETMASTER"...":i significant searching digested; and some THE NEW LIGHT WEIGHT now here are And

FOLDING BANQUET TABLE sentences written more than a century ago by Lord Macaulay, with for Designed today's beautiful

Churches Schools a message of real moment for young men: "There is, I will venture

Cafes Private Homes to say, no judicious commanding officer of a regiment who will not tell you that the vicinity of a valuable library will improve...

the whole character of the [men]. I well knew one eminent military servant of the East India Company, a man of great and various

accomplishments,... a man who enjoyed the confidence of some

of the greatest generals and statesmen of our time. When I asked

Made in the West by him how, having left his country while still a boy, and having passed

BISHOPS—L.D.S. workmen.Before vu buy, compare Banhis youth at military stations in India, he had been able to educate

of quality material for quetmasters his in and himself, was, stationed the neighanswer that he been had design. of Write beauty workmanship,

library, excellent that free of an he access allowed had been prices borhood with brochure descriptive and for discounts. Satisfaction Guaranteed to the books, and that they had, at the most critical time of his

inspection. your sent for table life, Sample his character, a being decided him from and saved mere

collect 2-6601. telephone Write or JA cardplaying, lounger."smoking, punchdrinking 4 Again would we

D. H. LOOSLI this witnesses CO., INC. say, array well cannot of eminent be ignored. What

Idaho Falls, Idaho to ever is there than there good reading do now? More was—and

is one of the most rewarding pursuits for those who would wish for wisdom, and for those who would wish to fill the inbetween times that would otherwise be wasted.

Pleasures of Reading.

the Elevation of the Laboring Classes. DRINK 'ArthurWilliamJamesElleryBalfour,Channing,TheOn

"Sir Francis Bacon, Of Studies.

4Lord Macaulay, The Literature of England. ficqo A delightful

hot beverage for those "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the who don't drink coffee. Columbia Broadcasting System, January 25, 1959. Copyright 1959.

AT YOUR GROCERS

DESERT SUNDOWN

Your bookdealer now has... by Maude Rubin

Gospel Ideals Through the shadowed arroyo, Night And, to soften the glint of the sand's heads for the mesa shifting motion, from discourses of Where the pinto corn swells in its Hangs his Navajo blanket across the

President David 0. McKay greentasseled husk; gray dusk.

584 Pages $4.00

294 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Across the street to the west is the

The Blueprint Temple Grounds, to the south is (Concluded) dence in the success the shopping district and to the of the right stays the on pilot who radio all of time. the beam We outside the east are the Church Offices.

have more confidence in the success of the child of God who does the front door.. thing.same

Our journey to the celestial kingdom is the most important thing in is downtown life. In fact, it is life. Our most important need is the ability to follow Salt Lake

the blueprint of the great architect and designer of our eternal exaltation. We need to follow it to the

letter and on a fulltime basis. Then

we will find to our great satisfaction that our mansions in heaven have been built to the magnificent And inside specifications of God our Eternal

Father. that door... Comfortable, pleasant rooms

These Times dining Two wonderful rooms the finest(Continued) and research centers in serving exquisite food

Leningrad and Moscow.

At the present time there are 77 hotel service Twohundred-car underground medical schools in the Soviet Union. garage

This is approximately the same numto be found Assure yourself an enjoyable visit ber as in the United States. The to Salt Lake City by staying in the

American medical schools are affilianywhere ated with universities. They therefore operate under the many and

varied controls of their respective Max Carpenter, Mgr.

universities. In the Soviet Union the

77 medical schools are uniformly controlled by a single government department, the Ministry of Health.of the U.S.S.R. This arrangement Howard Pearson

produces "a single constitution, a single curriculum, single a and program for in each subject"the 77 Russian Foremost in the field medical schools. In contrast, the

American schools'curricula are more of entertainment open to flexible experimentation and change.

Daily television highlights..

Most students in American medical schools are men. But 70 percent motion picture reviews... news

of all students in the Soviet medical about musical recordings schools are women. About 16,000 and productions... highlights

physicians are now graduated each year in the Soviet Union compared in the world of entertainment.

with 7,000 in the United States. The Deseret News brings

The Russian medical student, you complete amusement and usually a woman, receives about 300 entertainment coverage. Follow

rubles a month from the government while attending school. This stipend it in your family newspaper,

is continued during the summer holithe Deseret News.

day. Living quarters are provided

for students at a cost of about 15 rubles a month. Dr. Starr reports

that his accommodations "at the newMoscow University were clean, neat, WummMT Mmws and ample."

A medical student must be a THE MOUNTAIN WEST E W S graduate of the Soviet tenyear school (with its stiff curriculum in languages and science), or of secAPRIL 1959 295

For business or pleasure, for anything IN THE WEST g: ondary medical facilities. Competiunder the sun tive examinations in the Russian Bonanza flies you GO BY AIR language, literature; mathematics,

to the fun GO BONANZA physics,language chemistry,are also requiredand one forforeignadserving Now 22 resort cities in mission.

California, Arizona, Upon gaining admission to one of

Nevada and Utah SALT LAKE CITY the 77 centers a Soviet medical student studies for six academic years.

RENO He has two months of summer vacation and a twoweek winter holiday.

As in the United States the first two

TONOPAH years are devoted to basic sciences.

However, in the Soviet Union "basic sciences"include philosophy (Soviet), politics, and languages—subjects

LAS VEGAS not included in the medical schools of the United States. Here such

APPLE VAUEY "liberal"subjects receive place as

LOS ANGELES PALMINDIOSPRINGSpart of a general liberal education for

INTL.#ONTARIORIVERSIDE Americanthe baccalaureatestudent entersdegree. medicalThe

school after four years of college

SAN DIEGO He devotes his first two years of medical school to anatomy, physiology, bacteriology, biochemistry,

COMING SOON Soviet stuand pharmacology. The Silver Darts... F-27

America's newest dent studies physics, chemistry, turboprop airplanes philosophy (Soviet), politics, and languages. Like American students,

Soviet students in the third year clinical training in medicommence FLY BONANZA AIR LINES they wards. cal and surgical But

also pursue work in biology, pharmacology, pathology, and physiology which American students normally take in their first two years. Dr.

that the fourth Starr found and fifth Cherished Moment years to in Russia were devoted clinical disciplines, with about three hours per day in the hospitals. Duredding announceing the 6th year blocks of time were wW devoted to internal medicine '(2Va

ments for that important months), surgery (2 months), ob- ( F/2 months event. A wide selection of stetricsand infectiousand gynecologydiseases (1 month).)

styles and cards that would Through the six years of Soviet training 35% of the curriculum is please the most discrimapportioned to lectures and instruction while the remainder is spent in inating bride. laboratory work.

Dr. Starr found that the knowledge of Soviet medical students

The West's Finest aboutmedical "practicalproblems appearedand theoreticalto be of

Printers and Binders high caliber."He also found that

they were "familiar with western scientific workers and expressed interest in possessing textbooks by Deseret such authors as Goodman and Gillman...."Professor Louis S. Goodman, of course, is wellknown, havNews ing served since 1944 as professor

and head of the department of Pharmacology at the college of Medicine of the University of Utah. He 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

296 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Enjoy its extra convenience!

was one of five U. S. medical scientists representing the United States

in an official tour of Soviet medical facilities in 195859. His textbook,

coauthored with Professor Gillman,

The Pharmacological Basis of Therapeutics, is one of the most widely known textbooks in the entire field of medical education. Like Dr.

Starr, Dr. Goodman found that Soviet medical science appeared to

exist on a high order; indeed, that

medical scientists (with other scientists) have come to constitute a new

Soviet "aristocracy."

Upon graduation the new Soviet You'll like the extra convenience of the Royal Twin Loaf.

physician is offered a position by the Its handy double loaf slice breaks into two wellshaped acofMinistry (which he Health pieces... perfect at the table or at sandwich time. Alwayscepts!) in a rural community. He

is a government employee, of course. fresh, too, and enriched with vitamins and iron for extra

However, about onethird of each nourishment. Try a loaf today!

year's graduating class is permitted to pursue two years'additional work SALT LAKE CITY ROYAL BAKING COMPANY OGDEN leading to a specialty such as internal medicine or surgery. This

corresponds roughly to the "residencies"which follow the M.D. and Tabernacle Choir Record Albums

ininternship the U.S.A. COLUMB,A ASTERWORKS

states: Dr. Starr "The growth of Just Released - - -

Russian medicine under the Soviet's guidance is formidable."He was "The Beloved Choruses"

historic is record, This marking inan alertness theimpressed and by first of the recording the world famed Choir Tabernacle Mormontelligence students of the "and by The the Choir Tabernacle with Mormon P. Richard Condie, Conductor

This Orchestra. Philadelphia great sciof students'the encouragement

is in the of effect a parade record Orchestra Philadelphia The Greatest the ofentific Choruses Greatest research."

Conductor Ormandy, Eugene Greatest America's Masters, sung by

It carefully to well note be may the of Choir, played one and by Stereo 5364 6058 ML MS the editorial warning sounded by the $4.98 $5.98 world's Greatest Orchestras.

Christian Science Monitor as Congress convened in January, 1959 Tabernacle Choir with the Tabernacle Organ "The report of the President's "The Lord Is My Shepherd"

Committee on Scientists and Engi- (13 selections) ML 5302-$4.98; Stereo MS 6019-$5.98

says continuing that there is aneers MAIL ORDERS

Fidelity $4.98 each Records High residents Utah Filled day. same serious here. shortageand The 4

for 25c tax. 1—10c eachadd Postage 2% (20 selections) Hymns of raising maintain4789—MLproblems and additional.

ing educational standards and of ML 5048—Concert of Sacred Music Record Centre

providing adequate educational opML 5302—Songs of Faith and Devotion

portunity for all talented citizens,

Carols ML 5222—Christmas I passed has that Congressproblems CIvl

lightly too in the past, remainover First Store"Department Z'America's MASTERWORKS COLUMBIA

Salt City, Utah Lake solved."to be

It is unlikely that in America, medical students will be paid or receive room and board while pursuing their studies. The extremely

high costs of securing a medical education on the part of talented

American boys or girls, however, do warrant attention. Longrange loan

funds, established by communities needing medical scientists, and supported by private interests, would

a free Amerideserving help young many to: Catalog

times. in these would HOME PleaseSTUDY send cans They

bring repayments to the funds, and Name - dividends in improved services to Street the sponsoring communities. City State

Sod to:Adult EducationHOMEandSTUDYEitoailon Sarvteal

IrlgkM Yotia Uaivarvlty rrovc, Utah

APRIL 1959 297 From the Wild Olive tired voice. "We'll plant it by the "For such a little tree, that's the

carport where we'll be able to see it longest tap root."Leaning on the

( Continued) "It's still so hot,"Nora from the kitchen."shovel handle, resting, he wiped the

cried. "It would die!"The thought Jim immediately got a shovel from perspiration from his face. "I hope

of killing the* tree was unbearable. the tractor shed and began digging I don't kill your tree, Nora. EspeJim's voice was grim. "We'll have the hole. When they went to get the cially if this is a wildgoose chase."

to take that chance. There's too tree, Nora trailed behind Bobby and Nora forced lightness into her

much at stake not to."him. voice. "We've taken chances before

Nora knew he was right. They Jim dug slowly, trying not to inand lost."

couldn't afford to pass up even a jure the roots. Still, she winced As the afternoon wore on, the

slight bare chance. But the place with each scrape of the shovel endless scraping of the shovel began

without the olive bush.... against rock and gravel. to wear on her nerves. Wasn't there

"All right,"she finally said in a After awhile he straightened up. any end to that root? she thought

impatiently.

The shovel began to hit with short, sharp scrapes.

"Looks like it had to slow down for a rock,"Jim said. He pulled at

the root. It stayed fast. He dug

around with his fingers. "It has

found a crack in the rock. And,

Nora, come look! There's a slow

water seepage from the crack!"

"We've been watering the tree,"

Nora said, refusing to hope. Hesitantly, she took Jim's place in the

hole and examined the rock flaw.

"I believe there is water seeping out.

What does it mean?"

"I don't know."Jim helped her

from the hole. "Might be worth a

stick of dynamite to find out. But

we'll get the tree set out tonight."

He climbed into the hole and tugged

WIFE"YOUR atcrack.the root, snapping it off at the

"Oh,"Nora moaned.

Vv/& HAVE "It still has enough root left,"Jim soothed.

The sun was down when he pushed the last dirt in around the tree. They had fed water to it

lavishly, and he drove four stakes around it to drape a tarp for shade.

5.yt/cfe> t Still, the little tree's leaves were

wilted when he returned from town with the dynamite the next morning. On their way to the rock outcrop, Nora paused beside it. There

was no evidence of the rugged deThere's really no need to be fussy with Bigelow Carpets. termination that had made it survive in drought years. With the Bigelows can certainly take it under traffic.

feeling of having betrayed a very

And they make everybody feel mighty welcome and athome,, dear friend, she walked on.

besides. So go ahead, delight the family Jim raked the wet sand from the

flaw, chiseled a hole, and placed and Fido, too—with those Bigelows you promised. rock

in it. the dynamite

You'll live better on a Bigelow "You and Bobby get back to the house,"he said, taking a match from shirt his pocket. People who know... buy Bigelowrugs carpets since 1825 waited for him in the carport. They

He reached them just as the dynamite went off, sending up a shower of rock and sand.

When the dust settled they walked

298 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA slowly down the hill to see the reThis is the storage place for the "I know."

sults. Jim's afraid to get there and water those hills over there have A few days later when Nora was

see, Nora thought, aching to spare been soaking up over the years. I adjusting the tarp over the little

him disappointment. guess this vein of rock runs from barelimbed olive tree she discovered

But before they reached the hole there."a tiny, fuzzy green bud. Relief and

they saw muddy water boiling up, Perhaps the spring was not so unhappiness flooded through her. She

spilling out over the ground. usual, Nora thought. But to be felt it was an omen of good things

"We've got an artesian spring, tapped by a bush! She had prayed. to come; perhaps the end of the

... drought. But, anyway, the thingsNora,"Jim said, his voice betraying She couldn't help wondering.

his excitement. "I though so yester- "This means we can hold on,"Jim that choose to grow here were

day but was afraid to say anything. said. rugged. They, too, would survive.

[Z JVL I O

.. your church deserves the finest

carpeting by Bigelow to welcome yow

Your church has a homier, more comfortable atmosphere when you have cozy, soft Bigelow Carpets on the floor. Whether you

choose the tailored simplicity of solid colors or the cheerful warmth of tweed, these are truly carpets to add lasting beauty to any church. And, they are extradurable, snagproof, extra

soundabsorbing. See them in ZCMI Carpets, third floor.

For a luxurious but reasonably priced carpet... see Bigelow Gropoint, priced

510.00 sq. yd., at ZCMI today.

PEOPLE WHO KNOW... BUY BigelowRUGSrl Jf5<= WAND CARPETS

APRIL 1959 299 Kangaroo Court (Continued) for the lurid details—but we wait in vain. Not a single

twentiethcentury argument does she produce: not one new argument

against the Book of Mormon has come forth since the first decade of its appearance!

( To be continued ) FOOTNOTES s0Henry C. Sheldon, A Fourfold Test of

Mormonism (New York: Abingdon Press,

(Italics ours.) p. 10. 1914),31

in Western Expositor, The J- Bobb,

Dec. 10, 1835.

'Prince's study "proved beyond dispute thirty years ago"exactly when and where the Book of Mormon was conceived, according to W. R. Cross, The Burnedover

District (Ithaca: Cornell Univ. Press,

1950), p. 144.

a!W. F. Prince, in Am. Journal of Psychology 28 (1917), p. 373.

a*Wm. Earl LaRue, The Foundations of

Mormonism (New York: E. H. Revell, Co.,

1919), p. 77. (Italics ours.) "A higher

critical appraisal of the Book of Mormon, which was the result of this creative effort of Joseph Smith, would be extremely interesting,"wrote C. F. Potter, The Story

of Religion as told in the Lives of its

Leaders (New York: Simon & Schuster,

1929), p. 531. But such has never been

undertaken.

'C. Sheridan Jones, The Truth about

the Mormons (London: Wm. Rider, 1920),

p. 4. 3"Geo. B. Arbaugh, Revelation in Mormonism (U. of Chicago Thesis, 1932), (reprinted 1950), p. v.

37Ibid., p. vii.

3RG. B. Arbaugh, Gods, Sex, and Saints:

The Mormon Story (Rock Island, 111.:

Augustana Press, 1957), pp. 5-6; "There is

need for clarity at the point of semantics rather than for stories about the latest UTOCO polygamists.":

3ftD. L. Morgan, "The 'Peculiar People'

Sat. Rev. of Literature, Dec. 28, 1957, p.

9. "Fawn M. Brodie, No Man Knows My

History (New York: A. Knopf, 1946), p.

67. Meyer's (see note 1, above) work For greatest motoring pleasure—give your car the care it deserves contains classic not only the comparison

YOU EXPECT MORE FROM UTOCO AND YOU GET IT! aof detailedJoseph Smithcomparisonwith Mohammedof their revelationsbut also

Utah Oil Refining Co. andtionedtheirby books.Mrs. Brodie.The work is not men-

"All that the Encyclopedia Americana (1957 ed., s.v. "Mormon") has to say

about the Book of Mormon itself is that "many editions have been published, millions of copies have been distributed, and the has been translated work into many BUILD WITH QUALITY! different languages."has The Britannica

BUILD WITH ECONOMY! notthe Booka wordof Mormon.to say about the contents of

C. S. Braden, The Scriptures of Mankind, Introduction York: An Mac- (New BUILD BLOCK! WITH AMERICAN 481-2. millan, 1952), pp.

to assure the upkeep of your beauty, long life, and low CURED AUTOCLAVE or Latterday "L. Rumble, Mormons

chapel and recreation hall. Saints (Tract, Paulist Press, 1950), IntroHUNDREDS of textures, colors, and patterns to fit your every construction duction (Kirkham, op. cit., II, 304-7.)

need. "P. Meinhold, "Die Anfange des AmeriDemonstrated on many of the finest church buildings. kanischen Geschichtshewusstseins,"Saeculum V (1954), pp. 8586.

In his edition of Manilius, Astronomicon, Vol. V, pp. xxxiii.

46Thos. F. O'Dea, The Mormons (UniAMERICAN1588 SO. INDUSTRIAL ROAD BLOCK COMPANYHU 4-8763

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

300 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA versity of Chicago Press, 1957), p. 26.

4TStuart Martin, The Mystery of Mormonism (New York: Dutton & Co., 1920),p. 16. STAUFFER 4SGeo. Seibell, The Mormon Saints America's No.1 Home Reducing Plan

(Pittsburgh: Lessing Co., 1919), p. 7.

i!'See above note 27.

Editor's Page

(Continued) which caused the Savior to give his life for the salvaSTAUFFER'S "MAGIC COUCH"!] in the beautiful new

tion of the human family. Princess Model

SelfControl.—Great as are the virtues of truth, justice, wisdom, and

benevolence, they do not seem so practical and applicable to daily life as the virtue of selfcontrol. Indeed,

if these elements of true manhood are not attained by, they are at least manifested through, selfcontrol.

Selfcontrol means the government and regulation of all our natural Stauffer's "MAGIC COUCH"in the Deluxe appetites, desires, passions, and afFamily Model fections; and there is nothing which

gives man such strength of charOnly Stauffer—the complete, original scientific home reducacter as the sense of selfconquest—ing plan of effortless exercise and calorie reduction—

..the realization that he can make his brings you all these advantages

appetites and passions serve him, and W 1. Removes excess weight and inches, improves posture

that he is not a servant to them. Bk, without starvation diet or strenuous exercise.

The comprehensiveness of this Wb 2. The Stauffer principle has brought new figure

best understood bevirtue may! by to 5,000,000 beauty women more than W

others includednaming by it. Some 3. oscillatory vibrators! motion. rhythmic Genuine f No

of these are: temperance, bravery,

fortitude, cheerfulness, hopefulness, Beware of Imitators! Insist on STAUFFER!

sobriety, chastity, independence, tolerance, patience, submission, conGet Complete Details Today tinence, purity. Write or Call

In our efforts to develop true manGuaranteed by Plan Good Housekeeping Stauffer Homehood, accept Christ as the we must 4th East South 520 life. truth,way, the and the He 8-0531 Davis

not only possessed truth, justice, wisSalt Lake City 1, Utah dom, benevolence, and selfcontrol, I would like more information about the Stauffer Home Plan without obligation.and taught them, but also practised

is ofthem. secret the And herein

Name - Phone is, strength: thatmanly doing the

of that which one knows to be right. Address

A man cannot truly believe in God and Jesus Christ, in their divinity, City State omnipotence, and power, who daily violated their teachings and commandments.

is the gospel we need today What REASONS WHY 2of application—the that gospel LEE FLOUR is THE HOUSEHOLD ELECTRIC

preached by noble acts, that comMILL IS IMPORTANT TO...

mands the attention and respect of YOUR FAMILY!

everyone. The life of Christ was

the life of true manhood. The gosBETTER FLAVOR BETTER HEALTH

pel of Christ points to the attainWhen you stone grind your flour a few hours before baking, ment of it; the Church is an ideal you can really taste the difference!

.—————I LEE ENGINEERING—COMPANY,—.IE-4-59means of developing it; but true ElectricPortable AutomaticEconomical

is Ave., 2 Wisconsin charactermoral attained W. 2 only 1, Wis. by I of mills 4 Choice Milwaukee lb '5 FL DEAF UR SMITH P k3for write individual'seach practising daily the I,, Only PPd. $1.50 prices'..introductory this... on. Save kg. 5-lb. wiS.-MINN. FLOUR, Pvirtues that give only character not Q offer. flour coupon Send [;'0n]y ppd $lx0

| or order with check money also life.but eternal happiness and

is lb. for pkg. Flour 5 Name

J stone shipped. day ground

I Street CO. ENGINEERING LEE

Milwaukee 1, Wis. | City StateAPRIL 1959 301

Today's Family, Florence B. Pirmock, Editor

You have seen a magician take a rabbit out of a boiled eggs and tomatoes for them!

hat; how would you like to take a hat from a pot of To serve moneysaving meals does not mean to

beans? Sounds impossible? Think of it this way: serve drab, scanty, tasteless, monotonous meals. Use

Many times you have wished you were a magician your ingenuity. Think, plan, shop carefully, and cook

when trying to balance the food budget. Ends just with a touch of genius. Think? Yes, think about the

wouldn't meet, no matter how you figured. Whv not season of the year; think about seasonable foods; think

try a little magic and for a while serve "thrifty dishes"? out of your usual rut. Plan, yes, plan your meals

Now this can backfire on you if you do not underahead at least a week. Plan with nourishment, variety,

stand true food values. There should be more to and costs in mind. Shop carefully, taking into confood than just bulk. Be careful that these thrifty sideration your market's sale specials for the week.

menus hold plenty of protein, vitamins, and minerals. Shop carefully for the right amounts, so there will be

Good nutrition is not something dreamed up in the no waste. My grandmother used to say, "We started

last few years in a laboratory. Many of our greatour married life with a whole pie between us; and

greatgrandmothers served good, nutritious meals. with each addition to the family, the pie was cut into

Their rule was, "There is safety in variety."No fad one more piece until it was sliced up into seven

diets of all cottage cheese and grapefruit or hardsections."Then gradually, as the children married,

302 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the division of the pie changed until it was cut in half again. There were

no freezers in those days or I am sure grandmother would have cut two reasonably sized slices and saved the rest for another day.

Cook with the touch of a great chef. Nationally known cooks are

very seldom known for the way they broil steaks, but they are known for the way they cook a ragout or stew.

When you cook with the touch of a master, you become an expert in the use of herbs, spices, and flavorings.

Then a sauce becomes more than thickened milk.

A penny saved is a penny earned—

earned toward a new hat, a new range, or a new fishing pole. So let

us talk about a few wonderfully delicious thrifty dishes.

A good place to begin would be a tried and trusted recipe for a Pot of

Beans from which will come a few pennies to add toward that special something.

Baked Beans

FROM HUSHED PRAYERS to exultant 2 cups dried navy beans anthems of joy, he're are eighteen of America's

Vz lb. salt pork most cherished hymns in a reverently beautiful

1 large onion new high fidelity album by Fred Waring and his famous Pennsylvanians. T1122

1 tablespoon molasses 4 tablespoons brown sugar salt 2 teaspoons Other albums of music in praise and worship teaspoon dry mustard% 8 tablespoons catsup

Cook the beans until tender in boiling water. Drain off liquid; save.

Place the salt pork in the bottom of a deep casserole, reserving a few thin slices to top the dish. Add the

beans and insert onion sliced into eighths. Mix the remaining ingrediChoir and orchestra join The inspiring grandeur ol Understanding, reverent

ents with the bean liquid. Pour over favoritewith Erniehymns.Ford in twelveT1005 sacredthe Renaissance.choral musicT8460from readingseverybody ofloves.fifteen psalmsT1100

the beans. Top with the thin slices

of salt pork and cover. Bake about

3 or 4 hours at 350 degrees. Uncover

last hour of baking.

Beans are not the lowly vegetable some would like to make us believe.

They're food for kings, or at least food for Senators. Here is a recipe

for the famous U.S. Senate Bean Send for free illustrated

A renowned choral group Familiar artists in warm, catalog of religious albums to:

joyfully raises its voice to uplifting songs of faith for Dept. L, Capitol Tower,

God on High. P8365 all the family. T1042 Hollywood 28, California

APRTL 1959 303 Get worlds Soup. It is one of the most popular Wash the beans carefully in hot

of hot water items on the menu in the Senate water. Drain. Transfer to a large dining room. kettle, add the ham hock, and 4

3 times as fast quarts hot water. Cover and cook

U.S. Senate Bean Soup slowly for 3 to 4 hours, or until beans

with a are tender but not mushy. Towards

2 pounds navy beans end of cooking time chop onion fine "QUICK RECOVERY"1%1 poundsonion smoked ham hock golden.and cookAddin tomeltedbeans,butteralong untilwith

1 tablespoon butter salt and pepper. Serves 6 deliciousSalt ly. Freezes nicely. ELECTRIC Pepper

WATER HEATER CiWhoso neglects learning in his youth...

Richard L. Evans

In some thoughtful lines on life, Samuel Johnson said: "Reflect that life, like every other blessing,

THE derives its value from its use alone."1 Last week

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. SPOKEN we spoke somewhat of the uses of life—of beginning

WORD to be what we want to be, of beginning to do what we ought to do, of beginning to go where we ought to go, and cited

Arnold Bennett's example of a man at the edge of a swimming pool who asks, "How do I begin to jump?"with the obvious anto swer: to do, just begin "lust ought do you what jump"2—just

to go. toGIVE begin of the disheartening most go where you ought One

wastes in the world is sitting and waiting on the assumption that something constructive will happen, without any beginning, without any initiative, without any effort of our own. Nothing does

THE BIRD... itself—thatLessons don'tis, nothinglearn themselves;constructive. classesSomeonedon'thasteachto do themselves;everything.

food doesn't prepare itself; dishes and other household duties don't

do themselves; the very sick don't serve themselves; machines

don't make themselves; words don't memorize themselves; skills don't

develop themselves; projects don't plan themselves; buildings

don't build themselves. Someone has to lay every brick and drive

every nail, make everything that is made, do everything that is done,

RAIN BIRD, thinkearly, everythingwho begins thatearly,is whothought.starts Andearly theto gopersonwherewhohe earnestlyprepares

of course! wants to go, or ought to go, takes a long lead on life. Preparation

There are handsome dividends in youth is exceedingly important. The decisions of youth are also.

in his neglects learning said youth,""loses Euripides, the "Whoso to in be earned providing your is past, for future."3 earliest possible the dead and preparation The for weather pasown crops and

is early exceedingly decisions, important: solid decisions, sound and

.. ture. there's better no way decisions. to doing and something about has everySomeone make to this than do with Bird Rain

thing; to everything; to has has someone do think someone Sprinklers. Get water where the people, bestprepared the everything—and productive most peoit, it you want when want you

life will satisfying, find ple rich rewarding, most most and with

Single installations have more fewest frustrations, and with the least torment from unrealized than doubled—even tripled—intentions.

yields and insured stability of 1Samuel Johnson: Irene, Hi, 1749.

crop income. See your dealer. 2Arnold Bennett, How to Live on 24 Hours a Day.

Write for free information. 3Euripides.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD Columbia Broadcasting System, February 15, 1959. Copyright 1959.

SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

Azusa, California

304 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Another appetizing, filling soup is an old English favorite.

Yellow Split Pea Soup

3 quarts of water 1 pound yellow split peas small ham hock salt and pepper to taste 1 pound pure pork sausage

Cook the split peas and ham hock in the 3 quarts boiling water until done, season. Form the sausage into

1 inch balls roll in flour and brown in 1 tablespoon of butter. Add the

browned sausage to the soup and simmer slowly until sausage is well done. Serve with fresh French

bread.

One evening during the war a cheese casserole was served to a couple of visitors in Gridley, California. It was so nutritious and

delicious the recipe was passed on.

Let me give it to you.

lately Vegetable talk STIRRING! about heard you Soup? Rancho SOMETHING'S Have California Cheese Casserole

it. like ''real love they comments is that folks fresh say We hear What tickles us

... better seasoned.".. nicer flavor. body not an opinion color... more Why 6 slices of bread vegetable

Tonight, Vegetable Tomorrow, perhaps? on Rancho yourfamily Soup? pollfrom xk cup butter sure!

2% cups grated American cheese 3 slightly beaten eggs 2% cups milk 1 teaspoon salt Vz teaspoon dry mustard

Spread the bread with butter and cut into 1 inch squares. Arrange the

bread and cheese alternately in layers in a casserole, top layer cheese.

Combine eggs, milk, salt, and mustard and pour over the bread and cheese layers. Bake at 325 degrees

for 40 to 50 minutes. oouttfcJ6i>&

Swedish meat balls are nice served with baked potatoes, asparagus, and a fruit salad. KITCHEn CHflRITI

Swedish Meat Balls WAXED PAPER

1 pound ground beef Vz cup dry bread crumbs Candlelight 1 egg, slightly beaten % teaspoon salt Quality Vs teaspoon pepper Few grains of nutmeg IHIOSStB SIFTEt * STIOltEl at 2 tablespoons melted fat 2 tablespoons butter Breakfast 2 tablespoons flour mRRCRL 1% cups consomme nnPKins nook Combine meat, crumbs, egg, salt, JetffyUmciive (javituj ifie Prices

APRIL 1959 305 When Salt Lake Cabinet was 6 years old, pepper, and nutmeg. Make into balls,

They built the Tabernacle V-h. inches in diameter, using as little

pressure as possible. Cover and let

Organ Wings stand 1 hour. Brown in hot melted

fat. Melt butter, add flour, and stir

They are now until blended. Add consomme gradu50 years old ally, while stirring constantly. Bring

(19091959) to boiling point and season with salt and pepper. Add balls to sauce,

In 50 years of operation, Fetzer's cover, and simmer 1% hours.

Salt Lake Cabinet has provided furnishings for hundreds of LDS wards, 5 temples, numerous If you would like to serve 6 people stake houses and unique buildwith just one pound of meat try:

ings such as the Joseph Smith Memorial Building on the BYU campus and TriLamb Potato Fatties the Oakland

Stake Center.

'+*.-* 1 pound ground lamb

Headquarters for 2 cups finely grated potatoes

Pews, folding chairs, opera chairs, folding banquet tables. xk cup grated carrots

2 tablespoons chopped green onion 1 small onion chopped Salt Lake Cabinet & Fixture Co. IV2 teaspoons salt

1436 South West Temple, Salt Lake City xk teaspoon pepper 2 tablespoons shortening

Combine lamb, potatoes, carrots, onions, salt, and pepper. Mix well

and shape into patties. Melt shortening, add patties, and cook over

very low heat until browned on both sides and cooked through.

The time comes when you want to disguise what is left of that baked serving all week. you have been ACTIVE, INACTIVE AND OBSOLETE ham

slice ham, of baked Another STERLING PATTERNS and

From our stock of over 500 patterns, many your family will leave home. This

unobtainable elsewhere. We specialize in taking your rice plus a large green salad and a

old silver in exchange on a purchase of new, current flatware. frozen dessert makes an appetizing

We are one of the world's largest dealers in inactive and meal and also uses up the leftover obsolete sterling patterns. ham.

JULIUS GOODMAN AND SON Pink Ric&

Memphis Jewelers Since 7 862 Dept. 1, Memphis 1, Tennessee

1 cup rice 1 tablespoon butter 1% cup tomatoes 120 1 onion chopped Thyme DIAGRAMS PinchAbout of1 poundgarlic powderof cubed cooked ham

Illustrating Latter - day Saint 1 chopped green pepper parsley principles with complete scripsalt tural references and condensed Tobasco sauce summaries of Church doctrines. Worcestershire sauce

Extremely helpful for teachers, 4 cups of water

Holds and72hatscoats missionaries, students, and all 1 tablespoon flour members. Church service a as small readily as flour, butter, tomatoes, add Melt into a unfolds rack Wheelscart. Veep The

6'6"coats holding unit lojig rigid A. P. Merrill Author, onion, green pepper, ham. with counter72 and Scientifically Cook a Sets up hats. and

set it be can up that of the so sweep fold down in a seconds balancedliterally other minutes. 2 in water and few... Add arms Price umbrella. andas an EACH easily -$1.00 as storage for seconds. 3 or with steel tubular square Built of rice. rice until seasoning and Cook closedend cf shelves hat

cast Available by supported tubes doublealiinrnum at is soft. asto Plated brackets. aluminum

in beauty. permanent Wheelsthroughordinfinish. construction Qualityand sureengineering, ary doorways. DESERET yet efficient equipment BOOK COMPANY most The 8'4'area x meeting dining and casserole for a high nuAnother with racks stores etc. equipment, standby East South Temple 44 720 varies. people. for the "load"wherever for is: developedrooms,... tritional content

Write for Bulletin VP690 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Made VOG ELPETERSON CO.

Only By 1127 W. 37th St. Chicago 9, III.

306 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ONE STANDS OUT Three reinforcement features of Virco "can't-tip"folding chairs could be omitted and the chairs would look the same. Because we continue to include them our chairs are establishing new records in use periods. The

plywood solid core of our heavy duty banquet tables could be omitted and the tables would look the same.

We could substitute other, less costly semisolid materials. But we do specify the solid core. This persistence

Write for your free copy of Virco's public seating catalog VIRCOin quality manufactureSTANDShas contributed mightilyCUTlto the fact:

and price list today! Virco Manufacturing Corporation, P.O. Box 44846, Station H, Los Angeles, California.

VIRCO

OUTSTANDING FEATURES

1. Extra tubular reinforcing brace

underneath front of seat 2. Extra solid 14gauge steel reinforcin

plates on both sides of seat 3. Extra steel tubular reinforcement

inside front legs at seat pivoting point 4. Two electrically welded and brazed tubul

steel cross braces between rear legs

:::W***-'?:

'%., / / v 0& the best in sight & smart good looks... glasses from Standard Optical

All eyewear from Standard Optical's outstanding selection is made of the finest materials in the optical industry, crafted in a tradition of superiority in every detail. For the sake of your precious eyes make sure

YOU enjoy these quality benefits with a regular visit to Standard Optical.

Pay Nothing Down... Only $1 Week!.

155 South Main—273 South Main—2190 Highland Drive

Other offices in Ogden, Provo, Logan, Price and Idaho Falls \ \

APRIL 1959 307 Quality, Utility, Economy DURHAM Products % cupChinesechoppedCashewonionCasserole chopped celery 1 cup Have Them! 1 soup can mushroom

1 cup water 1 can tuna 1 can Chinese noodles Solve your seating problems with xk pound cashew nuts

Durham metal chairs... be sure of

style and durability! No. 875, Mix the ingredients together restrongest steel chair on market, serving % cup of the noodles. Place

may be had with wood, steel, vinyl in casserole and bake 1 hour at 350 clad, or upholstered seat; steel, degrees. Sprinkle the reserved

wire, or upholstered padded, back. noodles on top and brown.

Extra extra wide, deep seat with steel fully curled underneath to eliminate all rough edges. A wonderful luncheon dish is

Back dualcurved for posturemade of asparagus, hardcooked correct comfort. Safety link eggs, and cheese. It really is a whole

between frame members prevents luncheon in one casserole.

chair tipping when stood upon.

Induction welded rear brace.

Revolving rubber feet. Spring Asparagus

4 tablespoons flour 1 teaspoon salt back unequalled for resistance to wear and Vi teaspoon pepper

Fireproof. damage. seat, Large 14"x 14". IV2 pounds asparagus Standard dining height. Chair only weight

11 lbs. Rubber bumpers 1 pimento chopped

for stacking. 4 hardcooked eggs

Vz cup grated cheese dry bread crumbs milk

Melt butter, add flour, salt, pepper, and mix. Drain liquid off the asparagus after it is cooked and add

milk to make 2 cups. Add to flour

mixture and stir until thick. Remove

from heat and add chopped pimento.

Grease casserole and put in half the of storing, method stack moving chairs. fit into legs four sliced eggs, half the cheese, and reChair

cups.Rolls on solid rubber castpeat. Pour the sauce over and

ers with brass swivels. sprinkle with crumbs and dot with

butter. Bake in 350 degree oven

Most Complete Line of tubular and until heated through and brown on channel steel folding chairs for adults top.

and juveniles. Folding tables. Steel

book shelf units. Send for catalogs. Be a magician this month and

make delicious, nutritious meals out of a few cents. A new spring hat is

a fair exchange for a pot of beans!

NOTHING ELSE FITS LIKE CONJUGAL

by Dorothy J. Roberts

I love the 'grace that prompts

A sweet apologyAMERICA'S FINEST OVERALt Let it always be the way

SINCE 1850 For you and me.

308 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PrizeWinning cook makes HEAVENLY HOTCAKES from yeast and biscuit mix

"They really and truly melt in your mouth,"says

Mrs. Moline Shirley, prizewinning cook at the

Arizona State Fair. "And I'll tell you

my secret—just add yeast to biscuit

mix! Yeast makes the lightest,

tenderest pancakes eve/.

"You can mix the batter in 'two shakes,'spoon it right on the 9 griddle. And use Fleischmann's Active

Dry Yeast as we prizewinning cooks do. It's

so fast and easy... and keeps for months."Bride s

/ \ HEAVENLY HOTCAKES Corner Measure into bowl Vz cup warm water (105115 F.)

Sprinkle in 2 packages Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast

That Perfect Cake Stir until dissolved.

Add. 2 cups biscuit mix

Why is it a cake is always the sym- 1 cup milk bol to commemorate a special event? 1 egg

It's always a birthday cake, an anniBeat with rotary beater until smooth. The yeast

versary cake, a Christmas cake, or a Bake pancakes on a hot, lightly greased prizewinning wedding cake, just to name a few. griddle. Turn only once when bubbles cooks prefer

Serve dry. become appear and edges a birthever of baking thoughtWho

syrup. butter or and margarine It with or pie pudding? a weddingday

4-in. pancakes. 12 about Makes if dicisn'tjust done. So custom

tates not so rigidly, conform why a perfect V Another Fine Product of Standard Brands Inc. / learning to bakeby how

cake? I believe you are even a

better wife and mother if you can produce a wonderful cake to celeoccasion. special thatbrate Of o D Two superb Ob/ Bibles cakescourse use package you will

often, but you won't have that guilty feeling of cutting corners when you do, if you know you can make a perfect cake all on your own.

There are a few good rules to follow. First, be sure of your recipe.

Second, use the best ingredients.

Isn't it better to have a cake made from the choicest materials once a month than to have one made from poor, cheap ingredients every week?

Third, measure accurately, use standard measuring spoons and cups. All

measurements are level unless noted otherwise. All ingredients should

be at room temperature. Fourth,

results ordon't double a recipe

Fifth, unpredictable. not beat will 727x-A new 02227x-A deluxebe do

too much or too little. Also learn beautifully styled OXFORD Bible at the

to fold lightly. Sixth, use the size

and kind of pan indicated on the Scofield Bible $1995 irresistibly low price siftrecipe. Seventh, well all dry

ingredients. in Beautifully bound in Marrakesh Persian f $1075 Eighth, place pans

flexible Morocco, binding, circuit, half in position the thethe oven manuflexible Persian Marrakesh Morocco, leather lined to edge. Scofield Complete

circuit, binding, half specifies. lined just leather tofacturer Ninth, bake notes and Concordance. only 5Vi SVs, x edge. Helps. Concordance, Studyuntil drytesting pick a out comes %"thick. In edges) (gold or RED 5 x 7V6, only or In RED %"Biblethick. in or outTenth, cool on cake pan edges). (red gold under BLACK BLACK. directs. as recipe therack

More than 200 styles priced from $3.00 to $115.00

At your bookseller OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc.

APRIL 1959 309 SALT LAKE IN The following are three tried and 2V4 cups sifted cake flour recipes. The sky high 3A cup hot water PHILADELPHIA proved cake

THE sponge cake makes a wonderful Beat the egg yolks until stiff and COLL'MBSAB"birthday cake. The two egg chiffon lemon colored. Add the cold water

BELOVED CHORUSES is a good lunch box cake. The and beat in gradually 1*4 cups sugar,

TheMormonDR. RICHARD TabernacleP. CONOttL PIKSCTOR Choir, fudgeand velvetycake isanda dessertmoist. cake—so rich ingadd untilthe hotsugarwaterdissolves.and continueAddbeatsalt

The PhiladelphiaEUGENE ORMANOr, CONDUCTOROrchestra, and vanilla. Fold in carefully the

Sky High Sponge Cake sifted flour. Beat egg whites plus

cream of tartar until very stiff but 6 eggs not dry, beat in the remaining V2 cup 3 tablespoons cold water sugar. Fold the flour and yolk mix-

1% cups sugar ture lightly into the egg white mix- % teaspoon salt ture. Bake in large ungreased tube

% teaspoon cream of tartar pan at 325 degrees for about an hour.

1 teaspoon vanilla Let cool in pan upside down.

In the fall of 1958 the mountain came to

Mohammed, musically speaking, in the concert appearances of the Salt Lake City

Mormon Tabernacle Choir with the Philadelphia Orchestra. Here are the first fruits of

their resounding meeting: 4 splendid choruses of Bach plus works of Haydn, Schubert,

RimskyKorsakov, Sibelius, and Handel.

THE BELOVED CHORUSES—The Mormon Tabernacle Choir, Dr. Richard P. Condie, Director;

.The Philadelphia Orchestra, Eugene Ormandy, The total hours of time

Conductor. ML 5364 MS 6058 (stereo)

EEDGUARAN"HIGH -FIDELITY AND STER Fl DELITY EO BY Richard L. Evans RECORDS

of In a writing or half a century so ago, ArnoldCOLUMBIA "Columbia""Master/works"Rey, <|> Marcas said: "Philosophers explained have space. division of Columbia Inc. Bennett Broadcasting System. A

THE They have not explained time. It is the inexplicable

SPOKEN raw material of everything. With it, all is possible;

WORD without it, nothing. The supply of time is truly a

daily miracle.... You wake up in the morning, and... your purse motuvoe is magically filled with twentyfour hours.... It is yours. It is. FOLDING the most precious of possessions.... And no one receives either

BANQUET more or less than you receive.... Moreover, you cannot draw on

only You can waste the passing moment. You

it is TABLES cannotthe future.waste..tomorrow;. kept for you. the You cannot waste

... You have to live on this twentyDirect Prices & next hour; it is kept for you.

Discounts to four hours of daily time. Out of it you have to spin health, pleasure,

Schools, Churches, \ money, content, respect, and the evolution of your immortal soul.

Clubs, Lodges, its Its right use, is efficient.. use, most a of highest matter urgency. all and Institutions All that."depends on wrote 1 Thus Arnold Bennett. And when-. Ml ever that assume not we do or do time have we for anything we

want to do, or for anything we don't want to do, we would well look seriously at is, total the of time there at all TRUCKS and of use our the MONROE storing and hours. easy, Forthe are Each in There Chairstruck wayTables life. hours every of 168 week Take 40 from

handles modernFoldingtables chairs.

of permits Construcstorage is No TSCor Transport Storage this—which considered by a many is to be work 128 week—and tionin limited eitherTruckspace Truck No. TS

is left. take hours times Then for sleep, 8 7 or 56. course, for Discounts Catalog Write sizes and showing 54 Of and what

types of Folding Tables, and Trucks. Also MONROE or sleep some longer, work much and some there much less—and

line popular Chairs. of Folding

is of going much and of coming and of miscellaneous activity much

THE "TMomoe. COMPANY and obligationall still, eats of which up hours—but 168 minus 40, 249 STREET, CHURCH COLFAX, IOWA minus 56, leaves 72 hours for each in something. week allotting And

our lives to work, to sleep, to other activities, well would we re-

K)'(}tilil)'fl(i'|}'0'<ii>i:'<!- < 1* I 4 member to consider the total of time. There is "one great fact

clearly stated,"wrote John Ruskin: "There is no wealth but life"2—

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS and we would add, time is the essence of it, as swiftly it moves us into eternity.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth 1AmOld Bennett, Hoiv to Live on 24 Hours a Day.

and throat irritations. 2John Ruskin, Ad Valorem.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, February 1, 1959. Copyright 1959. HALL'S REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah

310 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA TwoEgg Chiffon

2 eggs separated lVz cups sugar 2V4 cups sifted cake flour 3 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon salt Vz cup Wesson oil 1 cup milk \Vz teaspoons vanilla

Beat egg whites until frothy.

Gradually beat in % cup sugar. Beat

until stiff and glossy. Sift remaining

sugar, flour, baking powder, salt into another bowl. Add Wesson oil, half

the milk, vanilla. Beat one minute,

medium speed in mixer or 150 strokes by hand. Add remaining

milk, egg yolks. Beat one more minute. Fold in meringue. Pour into

a greased 13 x 9V2 x 2 pan. Bake at

350 degrees, forty to fortyfive minutes. Cool slightly and remove from

pan.

Fudge Cake

% cup soft butter or margarine 1% cups sugar 2 eggs 1 teaspoon vanilla 2V2 one ounce squares unsweetened chocolate melted %Vz cups sifted cake flour A special offer from Morning Milk

P/4 teaspoon soda V2 teaspoon salt 24 1V2 cups ice water exquisite personalii Cream together butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla (beat at least five PERFUME!minutes with beater or by hand,

sides. in cooledscrape ) Blend down

flour, Sift soda, for50* togetherchocolate.

and salt, to add to creamed mixture and 3 Morning Milk labels alternately with ice water, beating after each addition. Bake in two

layer tins (9 x IV2 in.) at 350 degrees

for 30 or 35 minutes until done. Can

be baked in an oblong pan. Frost

when cold with whipped cream, seven minute white frosting, or chocolate frosting.

GBANDMOTHEB'S WINDOW BOX Send this order form (or the one on your grocer's Morning Milk display) JvJ/ Skv> by Lucretia Penny ] Packet of Perfumes 640 C Vernon, N. Y.Of horticultural slants J MountP. O. Box

I Enclosed find c and labels from Morning Milk cans.

There's much she doesn't know Please send me Packet(s) of Perfume. (Enclose 3 labels and

But when she talks to backward 50c for each Packet.)

plants (Please print clearly) They lift their heads, and grow.

City Zone State Allow about three weeks for delivery. This offer expires September 30, 1959

APRIL 1959 311 The Last Word

BE OF GOOD CHEER Back of the light that floods the room with brightness there is a powerhouse that generates the current.

All sunny skies would be too bright, Without the current the filament in that bulb would

All morning hours mean too much light, not glow.

All laughing days too gay a strain; Back of every personality there is a powerhouse of

There must be clouds, and night, and rain, right thinking and worthwhile purpose. If you would

And shutin days, to make us see spread light in the world, that has all too much darkThe beauty of life's tapestry! ness, see to it that your ideas and your ideals are the

—Scrapbook kind that glow.

Doing the best you can with the little opportunities I'm fond of gay, exciting friends who tackle fun that come along will get you farther than idly wishing with zest, and like me in return because they see me for the big chance that may never come. at my best. But how I love the rarer few forever, last

We live in the present; we dream of the future; and and first, who know me like a studied book and take

we learn eternal truths from the past. me at my worst.

—Mme. Chiang Kaishek—Claire Puneky

Regard each day as a fresh start, a new beginning, No matter how high a man rises, he must have a precious gift as yet unsullied, from the hand of God. someone to look up to.

Every rising sun shines on a day gleaming with infinite possibilities. Rain or shine, come what may,

resolve that for at least this one day you will find conTo err is human, but when the eraser wears out tentment in the path you must tread. before the pencil, you are overdoing it.

Be small enough to walk with the lowly and not Drive carefully, don't insist on your rites.

feel superior. this, will agree with but Many few will WOW Magazine

willfollow light of everlasting carry the it. Those few

sunshine on their countenance, and man and God will walk with them.

Lionel Strachey: When humor is meant to be taken Mixed greens are good for you, especially the fives,

seriously, it's no joke. tens, and twenties.

Don't believe the world owes you a living, The world owes you nothing—it was here first. Better a witty fool than a foolish wit.

—Robert Jones Burdette—William Shakespeare

It is said that for every woman who yearns for a The great thing in this world is not so much where schoolgirl complexion, there is a man who longs for we are, but what direction we are going.

that schoolboy digestion.

Tommy, told by a nurse that the stork had left him

A fellow doesn't realize how old he is getting until a baby sister, was asked whether he'd like to see her.

he finds that one deep breath won't blow out the "I don't care particularly about the baby,"said candles on his birthday cake. Tommy, "but if it's OK, I'd sure like to see the stork."

—Helen True

312 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA They're boyproof... they're handsome... they're Trimview!

FULLER PRODUCTS FOR COMFORT - tub enclosures by Fuller AND BEAUTY INCLUDE:

Fuller Enclosures Doors Trimview Shower TubSay goodbye to soggy shower curtains and water, water everywhere. Trimview

Sliding Lifetime Mirrors Medicine Windows (& Screens)

With watertight Trimview enclosures, water stays in the tub—your Cabinets Trimview Casement Windows Louvre Windows

floors stay dry, even with the splashiest little boys. And what a beautiTrimview&TrimlineSlidingGlass Doors (& Screens) Interior

fully modern way to build or remodel! The cleanly designed alumi- & Exterior Paints Pittsburgh Glass Products Wallpaper

num frames are mirrorbright, nontarnishing and sturdily constructed.

Panels glide on nylon rollers at a touch of the handle or towel bar.

You can have Fuller install your tub enclosures for you. Or you may

easily doit-yourself with a Trimview Kit. Why not see your Fuller

Dealer soon? You're sure to find an economical Trimview tub encloULLER

sure, shower door or shower stall that is just right for your home. PAINTS GLASS

HOW TO MAKE YOUR LIFE INSURANCE MORE BENEFICIAL

Career girls, married, single, or widowed, The need for life insurance coverage is need insurance coverage. With more women especially great where a widowed mother

working than ever before in history, this need carries the added burdens of the family head.

becomes increasingly apparent. Yet often we Beneficial has several plans that are espethink of insurance only in terms of the male cially well adapted to the needs of career

members of the family. girls. Ask your Beneficial agent to tell you

more about them.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Building, Salt Lake City, UtahPlease send me more information on BENEFICIAL LIFE

Career Opportunities Insurance. fnAMance

Name.....

Address. Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City.. Zone State.