/llmDrooe

** %&.,

ft, i1 Q||9

GENERAL CONFERENCE

EDITION

S* This is you, madam... on

some bright tomorrow

-Imagine coming home from the store with a package no larger than a lunch box, yet holding enough to feed your family for a week!

That day is coming! For, even now, dehydrated foods are being produced with all

water and air removed, condensed down to a fraction of their normal size. Today, these

foods are going to war. When peace comes,

they will be available for your table... thanks

to gas which is used in dehydrating processes.

Gas will do many new and different jobs after the Axis is crushed and the world returns to normal living. It will help American

industry to produce the car you drive or the plane you fly. It will aid in turning out the

new metals, plastics and other materials born for war and marked for conversion to peacetime uses.

You will find it a still more faithful and efficient servant in your home, too. Features

and refinements in the kitchen range, the hot water heater and the house heating system of postwar days will make you want the comforts and convenience that only gas can bring.

Yes, lady, it will be a brighter, happier, more liveable tomorrow for you and your family... because of gas!

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY—Offices in Salt Lake, Ogden, Provo

SERVING TWENTYTHREE UTAH COMMUNITIES \ V* IN WAR AN D PEACE #.

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Ceveral features of the American E A D Y navy uniform are copied from the uniform of the British navy. The three

stripes on the collar signify the threegreat sea battles won by Admiral NelTO SERVE!

son at Trafalgar, the Nile, and Copenhagen. The neckerchief was first worn TUST OPEN one of those rich brown

in the British navy at the funeral of Adpackages of Honey Bee Grahams miral Nelson as mourning.

4 and serve!... ready at all times to

A s many as 27,000 molecules of water provide wholesome nourishment for can be held in a rigid gel by only children and grownups alike. Theirone. molecule of gelatin.

> distinctive flavor, their ovenfreshness

HThe average person in the United makes them a favorite throughout the

States almost consumes a ton of Intermountain West.food each year. tiny animal The shrew,

only half mousesize, eats its weight in food every day. The Freshest Things in Town!

4 Made in the Only Cracker Factory Between npHE Denver and the Pacific Coast A fewheartminutesbeginsbeforeto pumpa sleepingfasterper-a son changes position, Dr. M. M. Jackson has found. After the new position

is taken, the heart slows down. It is

supposed that the change of position is made to relieve congestion of blood in 4 certain parts—of the body. V GRAHAMSM>URITY

Drobably the oldest piece of paper is a fragment written between 150 and 200 A.D. found in Chinese Turkestan,

just north of Tibet, by Sven Hedin. It

is about seven hundred years older than any handwriting on paper found in

Europe.

Cpanish or Portuguese is the mother tongue of over two million persons in States, the United of the which 1940 GARDEN DRlRScensus onefifth shows to Portuhave guese as the mother tongue.

4A ccording to calculations of Dr. Alif

fred Cahen, only eight percent of

American couples possessing children end in the divorce court, while seventyone percent childless of the marriages end in divorce. additional Each child liftajflas '*"*

cuts in half the chances of divorce.

A wagon road four feet deep in solid rock has been ground by the wheels passing over the Oregon Trail along the

North Platte River near Guernsey,

Wyoming. 4 He didn't mince words!

.. Read John Taylor's A study of a species of the CampanWE OEEER

otus ants by Professor S. C. Chen, A COMPLETE

of Peiping, China, found that the workENGRAVING SERVICE The Gospel Kingdom er ants dig can alone. a nest when HowPortraits to Missionary From the Largest for sound thinking on church Cataloguesever, if ants rate working whose has doctrine

Attention Mail Orders Prompt Givenbeen alone are measured placed when $2.25

intogether pairs or in groups, will they CO. ENGRAVING UTAH THE CO. BOOKCRAFTstart to at sooner work and work a 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, 63 Salt Utah P. O. Boxmore uniform rate. Lake City

NOVEMBER, 1943 641

7>Mmprooemenf Era "The Glory of God is Intelligence"

Grant, Heber J.

A. Widtsoe,NOVEMBER, 1943 John

Managing Editor THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH'Marba C. Josephson,

William Mulder, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, Associate Editors

Morris, George General Q. DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL Mgr.—Photograph by Keystone View Co. Cannon, Associate G. Mgr. COMMITTEE, OF EDUCATION, MUSIC WARD LucyMENT

TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH J. K. Orton, Business Mgr.

OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS oLand Jke (Ldltord J-a e By Marcia Nichols Holden

Architects of Our Own Lives Heber J. Grant 653

A long the rural routes where Lhurch reatured boxes flag The mail, spreads acre after Conference Addresses Index 643 acre deep,

Clark, Jr. 654 Finances Church Reuben J. grass, land under Land under 656 David O, McKay The Home

tillage, land, Quarter Century—PresidentFront Grant's Administration

its lives, price of many 658 The Mulder William its sweep. Evidences and Reconciliations: LXXTJ—Which Prophet is the depth,

Greatest? John A. Widtsoe 689

The reassurance of the time to in Mysterious Music: Music Guild, Moves God The Ward A come 692 Ursenbach Cornwall and O. Spencer Way,

Is here. The roots go down, the in Experience Schreiner. 644 Genealogy: AlexanderJ. MyF.

Mutual Messages: M. I. A. OfGathering Records, Lucile child is fed

fering to Youth, Clarissa A. H. Richardson 694 That hungered. This is the one

698 Melchizedek. 646 Priesthood Beesley permanent 700 Aaronic: Sustained, Authorities Ward thing remaining, after all Sure 701 Teaching 685 Changes and Branch Ward

The Church Moves On 686 NoLiquor-Tobacco Column 699 is said.

Jpecial Featured EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

OFFICES: Richard L. Evans 662 Square from Temple The Spoken Word

Salt Lake City I. Utai. 664 50 North Main Street. IX... R. of Eliza Pioneer Diary Snow—Part

Israel's Life in Prophecy and Song Levi Edgar Young 676 Copyright 1913 by Mutual Funds, Inc., * Corporation of the Young Men's Mutual ImproveAssociation Jesus Christ ment Church of of the Rack the Book the Universe, FrankExploring On rights Saints. reserved. Latterday Alt Sub684 of Books, Lucia Account 641 Homing: lin S. Harris scription price. in 20c advance: year, a $2.00

single copy. 690 Mallory Britain's Doctors Desert Make

Office, at Salt City, Entered the Post Lake Hints 690 Hill History, Charles 648 Handy as for matter. secondclass Utah, Acceptance

Corner, Josephine B. Cooks'Appointment, A. David special By mailing rate at of postage provided

Smith 652 Nichols 690 for in section 1103. Act of October. 1917.

Human Sacrifice Among the InYour Page and Ours 736 authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

dians, Charles E. Dibble 682 for unsolicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

(Lditoriald All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery

Enduring Long in Good Works Richard L Evans 688 and return.

The Conference Trend William Mulder 688

NATIONAL ADVERTISING REPRESENTATIVESStories, f-oetru, Lroddu/ord f-uzzle

Salt Lake City: Francis M. Mayo 670 Hafen Baptiste, Son of Bird Woman—Part I Ann Woodbury 682 San Francisco: Edward S. Townsend Hart Jane Tags

Land, Marcia Nichols Holden....642 Frontispiece: On Reading the Chicago: Dougan and Bolle

The Tabernacle, Helen K. OrNew Testament, Kathrine H. New York: Dougan and Bolle

gill I. - 643 Williams 65

Poetry 65,0 Solution of October Puzzle 732 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS Jke Lcover Thomas Jefferson Memorial, Washington, D.C., dedicated in April of this Jefferson

bicentennial year. Thomas Jefferson, who was born in 1743 and died in 1826, was

third president of the United States, and as such left this lofty standard: "I have the A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

consolation... of having added nothing to my private fortune during my public service,

and of returning with hands as clean as they are empty."This photographic study is MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

by Harris and Ewing.

642 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

l92ff( rndiex

OCTOBER CONFERENCE

ADDRESSES

Ashton, Marvin O. 703

Bennion, Samuel O. 712

Benson, Ezra T., "The Least Among 1945

You"679 Bowen, Albert E., Education, the Church 674 With Thanks to Ydu! View

Callis, Charles A., Nourishing the Spirit 673

Personnel, Changes in Church Ward 685 WE observe our 15th anniversary we Deaths and and Branches, Clark, J. Reuben, Jr., Church Finances, ASsend to you our sincere appreciation for An Account of Their Stewardship

654 and 735 making Morning Milk the preferred evaporEvans, Richard L. 705 ated milk in the Intermountain West.

Grant, Heber J., Architects of Our

Own Lives 653 Because of your recognition of Morning

Hardy, 709 Rufus K R. Ivins, Antoine 723 Milk's finer flavor you have made possible

Kimball, Spencer W., Response to a the steady growth of our company, enabling

Call 678 us to pay more than sixteen million dollarsKirkham, Oscar A. 704

Lee, Harold B., Wells of Living Water 675 to Western dairy farmers since 1928.

Lyman, Richard R., Stake Missionary

668 Work- - Percentage Increase inMcKay, David O., The Home; Front

of Evaporated 734 Sales 656 and

Since Milk 1930 710McKay, Thomas E.

Merrill, Joseph F., Precept and Example 672 ESNATJ0NM.MORNING MILKTOTAL

Richards, George F., Priesthood Obligations 665

Richards, LeGrand, The Promise Unto the Children 683 Richards, Stephen L, Assignment to

Youth 667 Romney, Marion G. 706

Smith, George Albert, "And Ye Would

Not!"660 mi 1931 1933 1934 1935 1936 1937 1931 1939 1940 1941 1942Smith, Joseph F., On Being a Minority.680

Smith, Joseph Fielding, Of Dreams and Visions 666 Through our three plants, rated among

Smith, Nicholas G.. 727 the newest and finest in the world, it has

Sonne, Alma Taylor, John H 719708 become our privilege to contribute to the of livelihood over two thousand two hunWidtsoe, John A.,The Nature '.of Peace.669Wirthlin, Joseph L farmers. dairy 730 dred

CliffordYoung, 722 E Young, Levi Edgar, On Common Again, as in 1928, we give you our

Ground 68 pledge that Morning Milk will always be

Pictures: Council of the Twelve 661 the finest, highest quality evaporated milk

Th First Council of the Seventy 681 that can be produced.

The Presiding Bishopric 683 Patriarch Joseph F. Smith 713 Utah's ONLY HomeOwned

Assistants to the Twelve 719 Evaporated Milk THE TABERNACLE MORNING By Helen Kimball Orgill MILK Thethatdoorsthreadare closed. No more the paths ConnectedWhollywithIndependentAny OtherNotCompany

Through flowering beauty hold the throngs,

Who with fervent hearts and fond desires,

Press toward that noble dome by temple spires.

Few hear the galleries ring, the walls resound

With music from the choir. No more Wellsville, Utah, 1928 Sunnyside, Washington, 1942

O'er flowing aisles beloved leaders view,

While telling of God's will his message true.

But still the organ heals and all may hear Stockton, California, 1935

The clouds of melody within their homes

The choir's uplifting, warming tones

Still comfort men on earth.

O haste the day when peace may reign that

May allenter in the Tabernacle hall!

NOVEMBER, 1943 643

WARD MUSIC GUILDSetting a new standard me "Mormon"among novels CONGREGATIONAL SINGINGfor color, ior truth, for unforgettable reading Second Guild Meeting: November THE GUILD PROGRAM

By J. Spencer Cornwall By Alexander Schreiner

The Gay Saint and Member,Director,ChurchTabernacleMusic ChoirCommittee Member,TabernacleChurch OrganistMusic Committeeand (Based on the life of Sam Brannan) sincerely hope that the musiIntroduction WE in cians the branches wards and Bailey Paul By the throughout church have a had acclaimed himself the pow- 'T'he Lord delightful recenttime and - $2.50 Price a copy A er of music in July, 1830, when, only successfully in the launching the affairs of

Here is the gift book you've been lookthree months after the church was orWard Music Guild, the program of ing for ganized, he gave a revelation through which was outlined in the October to Smith, directed Era. Improvement the Prophet Joseph is fiction historical at its best Here

incommittee church music The wife, part Prophet's Smith, the Emma literary excellence,in neither nor which that tends of the ward means by as follows: reads is of which sacrificed. truthentertainment, nor

shall forces guild musicial our music

And it shall be given thee, also, to make be strengthened, and new life inAlso by the same author a selection of sacred hymns, as it shall be fused where it is faded, so that music

FOR THIS MY GLORY......$2.50 givenhad inthee,my church.which is Forpleasingmy soulunto delightethme, to be shallupon continuethe faithfulin itswhoblessedcome influenceto worthat intention It is the music

its inSAM BRANNAN AND THE inrighteousthe songis ofa theprayerheart;untoyea,me,the andsongitofshallthe ship.shall perform full duty

CALIFORNIA MORMONS... 1.75 be answered with a blessing upon their church in all departments and at theall

heads (D. & C. 25:1243.) times. Therefore, musicians are to

all that together so meet may learn promise, toand This commandment prepared with other from each and be of admonition the definite with gether authority to real musical and power

an services, gives music for at the consideration their church in The subjectl v&Jijymcui6 3tib/uvu the Lord that the Saints were to sing minister in their respective callings. meeting of second the guild is "Conof the in the worship place essential

(Check those desired, fill in name and Latterday Saints. All those who have gregational Singing."The accomis subject material panying on this address, tear out, and mail) church in the of music work charge

director of Cornwall, Spencer J. treaby revelation as a this regard choir. Tabernacle Salt the Lake $2.25 should Standards Gospel Musiencouragement. of source sured

By Heber J. Grant cal expression as a part of our church

In the Gospel Net $1.25 services is commanded by divine reBy John A. Widtsoe velation. preaching the gospel of Jesus Christ. I say

individual bless singers and the our God Evidences and of musical organizations. our members $1.85 Value of Congregational Singing Reconciliations

By John A. Widtsoe It seems quite evident that the most Henry Ward Beecher has said:

the of the of music phase $1.50 important This Always Day and religious for highest purposes music The singis congregational service church

L. is instrumental Richard pure Evans music vocal not and By the that intend not did ing. Lord The the of simple, music sung but hymns and by Hills althe.$1.50 Unto proxy, done singing should by be is religion congregation. the made When

feel L. people Evans Richard are By there some who though it the attractive singing, makes by when

Signs of the Times $1.25 that they cannot sing and therefore do sanctuary a place where men are so happy

these their daily of rather with part that they would asking one take part. Upon By Joseph Fielding Smith not of the bread than which the Lord bread congrehis opinion for on nonsingers

there, there will then be no difficulty to Perfection sing, obtain said, "I cannot singing, $1.25 gational hen Way they the in getting to observe day. Sabbath men heart Fielding Smith and mind unfortunately, but By Joseph my

others the as perfect in sympathy Direction of Congregational $2.50 move Glory For This My sustain I feel that sing. we would a Singing Bailey Paul By songs were if congregational large loss

chorister, as or The director, worship."we our church eliminated from Brannan and theQ Sam leads the call him, consimilar commonly who and other It appears from this.....$1.75 California Mormons

gregation innovation in song, is an singthat congregational By Paul Bailey observations its almost to our which is peculiar best efforts toward ing deserves our in $2.25 is stabilizing alone. factor Gospel a Kingdom There enhancement.D The church choristerled singcongregational the $2.50 Saint has always President Heber The Gay J. Grant ing, is especially chorister the so where singing of advocate by been a powerful Bailey Paul By efficient. Chorister's Church The Mansaid: has congregation. the He ual, for text has as which a used been

The singing of our sacred hymns, writour choristers'classes throughout the ten by the servants of God, has a powerful church, has in it this helpful paragraph effect in converting people to the principles of the gospel and in promoting peace and Since congregations are rarely rehearsed spiritual growth. Let us not forget our it is evident that a conductor must be satishymns when we go to the house of worship. fied with the way in which he can induce

Let the congregation sing; and by all means the members to sing by sheer magnetism and

let the choir members become familiar with carefully timed beats, and should school the beautiful sentiments that are contained himself to be insensitive to everything else in our hymns. And so shall our Father in which he sees to be faulty. No procedures

heaven delight in the songs of our hearts, on the part of the conductor, such as abwhich shall become prayers unto him, and ruptly stopping the congregation for exwhich he will graciously answer with blessplanations or reprimands, stamping the ings upon our heads. I am confident that feet, pounding the stand, can be justified in

the hymns of Zion, when sung with the congregational singing. The general spirit

proper spirit, bring a peaceful and heavenly of worship should never be disrupted during influence into our homes, and also aid in the progress of a service. Congregational

singing should preserve and enhance this spirit.

Suggestions for Choristers:

1. Direct, if possible, without a book in

your hand. 2. Let your movements be in harmony

with the spirit and mood of the hymn.

Do not distract the attention of the congregation from the hymn and center it on yourself. The hymn should be

the center of attention.

3. The proper timing of your preliminary

beat is allimportant if you would have singers begin well. Make all beats

anticipate what follows. It is not so

much a matter of beating time for a congregation as it is a matter of timing your beats to keep the congregation well together.

4. Be at the chapel sufficiently early to

allow time for all preparations.

5. Your main task is to instil the love of

hymnsinging in the members of the church.

The Hymnsinging Project For a period of about two years, the church music committee has been conducting a hymnsinging project in which all the organizations within the church are encouraged to participate. It is felt

highly desirable that the members of the church have a common hymn repertoire, especially of such hymns as are of best quality. To this end all organizations are asked to rehearse or use a

selected hymn each month.

The ideal place and time for the practicing of congregational singing is in the

Sunday School, for this is the teaching organization of the church. Practice

time is here allotted, and our most beautiful and faithpromoting hymns should here be learned. Such a rehearsal

should be different from a choir or chorus rehearsal. The conductor should

not indulge in technicalities. Everything of the goodsays should he be, oetS is te all variety, explanationsnatured and

should be made in common understand- \able language. The actual teaching of ****- \tthe music should be largely by rote. tf'

Emphasis should be placed mainly on otto dtve—.edcesstfto

the learning of the melody. The message of the words should be given nty

sympathetic attention, so that the members of the congregation may appreciate the spiritual message of the words to which sta the tune, after all, is merely an *****...refcttiveenhancement. iceoQuestions for Consideration: i&*La(*** **'

1. Does a good director act as a dictator,

or does he guide by gentle persuasion?

2. How may choristers and organists

best cooperate before the congregation?

conthe leader's chief should be 3. What

tribution singing? to congregational Yvave t\ve

What may be some disadvantages of having a leader?

4. What are the responsibilities of the

organist in congregational singing?

5. What do we strive for in congregational singing?

6. Announcement: The subject for consideration at the third meeting will be

"Functions of the Organist."Give

some thought to this subject and look for the article on the music page in the December Era.

NOVEMBER, 1943 645

M.I.A. OFFERING TO YOUTH

Theand programfull. It is ofappealing,the M.I.A.firstisofrichall ofBythe CLARISSAY.W.M.LA. A.GeneralBEESLEYBoard

to the desire for social contacts, for youth. in so urgent play and fun, The The Summer Program people for the plan young recreational

productive of 1943 summer was LatterHThe of of the Jesus Christ of Church places. in A of many much activity attention the attracted Saints has day

and in many instances the admiration This report from San Bernardino Stake of prominent national workers and of and those following are indicative of visitors to the west. Some of the outwork carried on through the church

of the stake the wards have been Most of festivals dance standing features—the sessions durnight each Tuesday music holding and at Saltair, the music festivals

a the decided have on summer. We for ing provided opportunities clinics, the to of the vacation during month August have individual mass participation, and little big build to time allow up a for a

been considered unique, and not dupliMutual opening in September.

cated anywhere else in the country. Our summer program in the wards has

And not the least of the features which centered around drama, music, and dancing.

have called for admiration are the comMost of the wards are working on plays, all plete organization, reaching as it does of them on music; one is getting an operetta

for the in September. opening ready and boards to stake general boards from

fine Ball"Victory a "Stake had very We the fact that units, exand the to ward to the "Aircraft climax as a 30 July on tensive program is conducted almost Rescue Boat Campaign"and also as a windBetter Cows Reach entirelydo you byfindunpaidso manyleadership.leaders,"Whereboth ballup ofwasour onesummerof theM.I.A.most program.successful Thisever

trained and untrained, who are willing held in the stake. Approximately 225 were

in attendance and enjoyed some very fine has this endeavor?"their time to to give

music. is dance times. Well, that askedTheir New Home... been many

enthusiastic Seattle sends Stake an the of strength the secrets of the of one one pleased "VTO than was more its activities: of account organization. this of and church * the dairy of farmers ValCache travel, the of of curtailment Because we that is also in appealing program The ley local when, nearly the ago, programs. years summer recommended 40 have activity it and mental high stimulates

tried city Seattle the of to have In have we newlyestablished Milk ProSego into adventures delightful furnishes rein participate enjoyable four the wards ducts importing Company began draLiterature, fields thought. of many possible. as creation as often

selected dairy cows from the midma, music, biography, religion, history, Four Seattle wards and the Renton

is 24. private park and one a July on The studies. pass in their turn in weekly To pioneer the cows—as dlecows—betterwest. The farmers needed more current problems of life are all pursued Branch planned a celebration at Vasa Park

it for the day. There swimrented were we of these groups the various age through Sego Milk condensery an created etc. picnic races, baseball, ming, games, A and for organizations young men two evergrowing their for milk. market p.m., for a 6 planned luncheon program was cononeself devoting women, young 9. of price at 7:30, at a dance and The

Helping farmers develop and scientously and faithfully to the studies admission was at least the purchase of one maintain production of milk satisoffered, is to receive a liberal education. 25c war saving stamp.

activities is recreational of Seattle quite proud Stake the both And factory quantity as to both and is still in clothes. that child swaddling into directly lead studies a brainWe the mental and quality has always regarded been registers letters instruction of sent out and Latterday in the for spiritual realm, the Milk by Sego Products as in recto the Company order of each keep to wards all embraces the latter philosophy Saint

all visit service the of of ords any men who its of one responsibiliimportant thus, pursuits; all worthwhile truth and in services. each the person church of One ties. It has always given and Utah in Imparticipate Mutual those who the Special of (preferably a ward member Idaho practical every farmers help development, receive a is provement the work to Interest group) supposed assume

in this direction. and growth which are priceless. responsibility for seeing that the record is

meeting. signed at each properly The recthe year continues program The Today the company is receiving information: following the contains winter, spring and ord round. and Autumn from farmers, of processing and Address, Present Branch Date, Name, attractions all special their have for summer or Service, Address Parent's Name, Home distribution civilian to military and in a all another into one merge and (Concluded on 702) page users, at than milk more other any the M.I.A. whole. continuous While

time in its history. Every can of year officially begins in September, DAUGHTERS NINE

Sego Milk conforms to highest there is no actual break between the Elsie,Shirley,and KayMa, areHelen,the Elenor,daughtersPatty,of D. Mary,E. andNancy,Elsie

standards of quality. Every drop two seasons. B. Brockbank of Provo, Utah.

in every can is enriched with precious sunshine vitamin D to help build and maintain strong straight bones and sound even teeth.

SEGO

MILK A Utah Pioneer

Sego Milk Products Company Originator o Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain Territory

Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

646 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!.

OF THE FARMALL

and the Farmall System of Farming

In 1923 came farmall, the first When war struck our nation, true allpurpose tractor... the a Farmall army, with art infinite

farm power unit designed from number of working tools, went the soil up... the tractor that into battle. The greatest food

started from the implement end. crisis in our history was at every

Harvester built it, based on farm gate—and the Farmall

experience—and that made System was ready! The Original Pavmall - lorn in 1323 SENSE

After 1923, the call for farm FOR TWENTY YEARS the Farmall IDEA has power really swept the nation. So we mark the 20th Birthday

been the foundation for all experiments in genIt was Farmall that made the of this most popular of all eralpurpose tractor design... old dream of horseless farming tractors. There's a proud record

TODAY 4 sizes of modern farmalls—the come true. Here was the tractor of progress between the old

sturdy "A"'and "B", and the big powerful "H"that did almost everything. "Original"of 1923 and the

and "M"—with special machines and tools for From every state came comstreamlined red Farmalls of tooperation, crop, every and season, lead the way like these: a horse ments "Not in improvements day—endless

battle for food. in the

. place". hired or man on my Today power and machines.

"At least Vi cheaper to farm millions know that Farmall is this new way"..."My Farmall the ideal power for any farm,

works in crooked rows where whatever the size. Farmall

a snake would get lost"..."My showed the way, and will show

two boys, 13 and 11, do anythe way when the boys get thing that I can do with it."home from war.

FOOD fights for FREEDOM dredPrettythousand,soon thereand werethen aa hunhalf- pledgedFarmallto andthe faithfulHarvesterserviceare

Farmalls. Today instituthat great American there of and the million Farmalls producing are more family farm. tion—the

FARMALL fights for FOOD foodall otheron Americanmakes of generalpur-farms than International Harvester Company pose tractors combined. 180 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago 1, III.

TOO YOUNG FOR A UNIFORMbut on the home fields he did a mansize job this year. As big

brothers and hired men joined the Armed

Forces the boys and girls took over the home Farmalls. Flexible power and the

long line of easily controlled machines—

The Farmall System—made all the differ*

ence on hundreds of thousands of farms.

v*"""* 'mm, - *nnmnriT

FARMALL Leads the Way TODAY

NOVEMBER, 1943 647.

ENJOY INEXPENSIVE

PRIZEWINNING dSritaind *Jjedert *djoch]oclors

ORANGE MARMALADE MAKE HISTORY It's Easy To Make Anytime Dritain's desert surgeon, like her desWith This Simple Recipe ert soldier, is learning fast. He is By CHARLES HILL, M.D.

6 Medium Sized Oranges learning new lessons both in his art and Deputy Secretary, British Medical (2 lbs. Sliced) in his organization. Here are some lesAssociation

6 Cups Water sons which desert war has brought him x/z Cup Lemon Juice in the past two years in Egypt and (About 6 lemons) Libya. was thought to be before the war. Now

1 Package M.C.P. Pectin First, the changes in organization. In it is sometimes considered more harmSugar Level Cups 9/4 last the than helpful. war, casualties occurring a ful on ready (Measured for use) static battlefield Before the war, plaster was mainly were passed in back

1. Cut oranges in cartwheels with very a steady stream, from stretcher to field used for the immobilization of fracsharp knife to make slices thin as possiambulance, from field ambulance to tures. Now its value is appreciated

ble. Discard the large flat peel ends. casualty clearing station, and from more in covering wounds of the flesh

Sliced fruit should weigh 2 pounds. casualty clearing station to base hoswhere there is no fracture. Cover the

2. kettle. fruit in sliced 8-quart Put Add pital. is least the this up and leave it covered At was the normal wound

juice. the lemon water and principle. journey for the seriously more wounded3. boil; boil to for quick Bring gently a

soldiers. stitch first job is not to The surgeon's

is If tenpeel (uncovered). not 1 hour

der in 1 hour, boil until tender. Today the casualty clearing station up wounds, but to clean them, removing

4. Measure the cooked material. Due to is little used. In modern war it is idle all dead and dying tissues. Many

boiling, the volume will be reduced bein slack periods, while in battle the wounds are cleaned and recleaned below 7 cups. Add water to make total more seriously wounded need the care fore they are permitted to begin to heal.

peel and juice exactly 7 cups. of the surgeon at the front line, not at The military surgeons are finding

5. Put back in kettle. Stir in M.C.P. Pectin; the rear. The surgeon must go to the that the best treatment for burns in the

continue stirring and bring to a full boil. patient, rather than the patient to the forward areas of war is not by tanning

(previously measured). sugar6. Add Stir surgeon. application of tannic The new chain is from—the acid—but

until gently it has reached a full rolling stretcher to frontline by application blood plasma. of human operating theboil, 4 and MINBOIL EXACTLY ater, burns the of in knees, hands there from and Some and hospital. to base So

fire; stir skim from and Remove UTES. the fixed early the the of casualty days war, caused clearing were station beturns for 5 minutes. by carelessness hind the line of has by among been members replaced the by If7. jars. into quart Pour use pint or you

jars, seal hot and invert jars on lids unmobile surgical team in the line or soon tank crews. Special precautions to protil Marmalade begins to set. Then, shake to be brought to it. tect these surfaces are now enforced.

well and set jars upright. This keeps the With his improved equipment, the Still, burns are common and seem to

peel evenly distributed throughout. modern surgeon can do much more on arrive later for treatment than any other

injuries. the spot his than counterpart could well recipe equally This worksNOTE:

twentyfive Sulfanilamide sulfapyridine years ago. and are incidentalAndwith Valencias. or Navel Oranges When

it is of of the great value in small no in value form of powder maintainis ly,either variety is overripe and peel soft, use %-cup Lemon Juice instead ing the soldier's morale for him to know sprinkled on wounds. When a slow abof y-cup. (Be sure to discard any that there are surgeons, assistants, and sorption of these drugs is wanted, they

seeds.) This recipe makes 7 pounds of equipment with him in the front line, can be suspended in oil. This oil with

prizewinning Orange Marmalade. sharing his dangers and ready to give the powder suspension is then applied

him immediate treatment if he should to the wound.

become a casualty. Most foreign bodies, like pieces of

Because of this the time lag between shrapnel, unless they are large, are betDEAFENED the ter late the early. is and removed than wound operation "Leave steadily

dearly Hear with and naturally being alone at first,"rule. cut down. is the general lag average The now well

Scientifically Otarhnl designed... is fourteen Anesthetics hours. inare given Delay, as always, more by

4 vacuum tabes.., economical.. is the surgeon's nightmare. One help is jection than by inhalation.

simple to operate... light in weight the magnificently organized transfusion Chest wounds are not dealt with in

Inconsphvom. Free Demonstration! service. A steady supply of dried blood the forward areas, but back at base

DDNALD G. LYMAN CD. or plasma is ready for immediate transhospitals. It is found better to clear

Bldg. Mclntyre Empire 512 or 501 Bldg. fusion. and cover the wound and leave the Salt City, Lake Denver, Colo. Utah

When the operation is completed, the complicated art of chest surgery for

in small wards erected in sunken Military surgeons do not share the HEAR m\\\jnarion dayswounded soldier is kept for at least two the hospital.

trenches. The job of the trenches is to optimism of civil surgeons on the prosprotect the wards and their occupants pects of recovery in abdomenal wounds.

from blast and splinters. In their conThese are only some of the surgical

IN USE For OVER FIFTY YEARS struction, doctors and patients owe lessons of this war. Just as the bomAids in treatment of Canker, simple much to the ingenuity of Britain's milibardment of Britain's cities taught civil

sore throat, and other minor mouth tary engineers. surgeons new lessons in civilian war

and throat irritations. Here are some of the clinical lessons surgery, so warfare in the desert has

which Britain's doctorsoldiers have taught military surgeons new lessons in learned military from this war: of unwhich surgery—someHall's Canker Remedy administration is less will doubtedly influence of morphia art The of the

Salt East 2nd >n< >n<City, >r><Utah> So.—>o<at >n< Lake in often536accg>Of—>cx it resuscitation necessary after surgery than the war.

648 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Salute to theA SoldierMiner

The war must be fought on many fronts. It must be fought in the air, on the

sea, on land, the farm, in the factory and in the mine.

To help meet the demands of our armed forces for increased metal production, hundreds of soldiers were recently furloughed from the army to the metal mining industry.

There is an urgent job to be done and these soldiers have doffed their uniforms at the suggestion of their government, have donned miners'clothes and helmets and are digging in, so that their former buddies will have the metals necessary with which to push the war to a speedy, successful conclusion.

WE SALUTE ALL MINERS, OLD AND NEW, WHO ARE SERVING AS SOLDIERS ON THE PRODUCTION FRONT TO KEEP OUR COMBAT FORCES

SUPPLIED WITH THE METALS THEY SO URGENTLY NEED!

The Metal Mining Industry df Utah

Silver King Coalition Mines Company Utah Copper Company Tintic Standard Mining Company

American Smelting and Refining Company Combined Metals Reduction Company International Smelting and Refining Company

United States Smelting Refining and Mining Chief Consolidated Mining Company Park Utah Consolidated Mines Company

Company Ohio Copper Company of Utah

Attention Farm Workers:

Yearly with completion of the fall harvest, many farm workers turn to the metal mining industry for seasonal employment. Mines, mills and smelters offer many good Jobs at good

wages to such seasonal employees.

Acceptance of this seasonal employment will in no way change your present draft classification, and releases will be granted to return to farm work at the beginning of the next farm season.

Apply to any company mentioned above or to the United States Employment Service.

NOVEMBER, 1943 649 LET YOUR fiosrfJu SHADOWED THANKSGIVING TO THE UTAH POPLARS HEART

in harvest twilight the of afar from by immigranttrain weather, Brought together, kneeling plan, careful are all nations of with And placed DECIDE HEREWe By Edna S. Dtxstin By Georgia Moore Eberling

Under one flag, united, all giving The poplars grew and made the plain

Thanking our God for freedom of living. More livable for man.

Today the pioneer's brave bands,

Like leaves before the breeze,

AUTUMN PLANTING HaveBut stillswiftlythe mightypassedtreesfrom mortal scene

By Andrew M. Andersen Are living shafts that evermore

Shall keep their memory green.

Between regal hills Aflame with the scarlet of maples

And sunsets that burn With the fervor of altar fires, AUTUMN MARDIGRAS

Lies the peaceful land Newly ploughed and planted By Thelma Ireland

With hardy kernels of wheat.

trees their colors have changed Soon the snows will fall. The

of pastel jade shades From To yellow, red, and orange I shall plough my soul in its autumn For autumn's masquerade.

Would you help these men if you When the sun or my days seeks a shorter They sway to fall wind's music;

could? You can—and at the same arc A magic spell it weaves.

time help our fighting men, our In the southern sky. They shower gay confetti

Of gaudy autumn leaves. Taliant allies, and the unfortunato Beyond many snows waits another spring.

here at home, too. With one gift

to eusly...now. this united cause. Give generEARLY SNOW PIONEER FATHER

By Christie Lund Coles By Helen M. Livingston

river, tules the along are broken NATIONAL The in his youth are of seed, barren pods milkweed The land. like sliver crystal HETocamepioneerfrom inScotlandthis our water a moves The

fortitude of hills was his, The WAR FUND Through a border of rock and tumbleweed. strength of in his hand. mountains The

The sky is as dark as a phantom driven relentless the night, winds toward somber By in industry day day by So is all in air the riven a moment, Now, toiled with pain pride and away He is scarred, earth the healed And wan hills and Till bore orchard rocky blooms white. And sagebrush lands were fields of grain.

MY NEIGHBOR AndAnd sogrowingwith purpose,boys andcaregirlsandwerethoughthis;

By Mary C. Shaw He worked with them, he prayed with them,

He sacrificed, he planned and taught.

today, neighbor moves away MY I to see dread her go; future active with hopes, man, An

been sweet She has and good to me.. there his mind no was room So in

Oh, I shall miss her so! To pine. But once I heard him say,

The time our baby had that fall "The heather now would be in bloom."

Each day she helped a while;

And every morning, rain or shine,

Wore such a happy smile. NIGHT NURSE

Her soldierlad went off to camp,

There was no tear, no sigh; By Genevie Goff

IF YOU REALLY HerIt seemedchin waswhateveralwaysthishigh.life brought know that God must walk these halls at

WANT TO PLEASE, give My neighbor's leaving, and it's like AndI nightlay a withcalmingme hand upon my head.

A flood of sunshine gone; I often see the glory of his compassionate

Sam Brannan and the ButI hopeall toherpasskindlinessalong! to me And facesometimes hear the firmness of his

tread.

at night alone I encounter For when California Mormons JOY soul fear stripped or pain, bare by A human for Christmas By Grace Sayre AndI knowrealizethe wordsmy prayerto speakfor toguidancecomfortnotthemin

A Handsome Book is not made of moonlight vain.

An Exciting Story JoyNor is it all of youth;

$1.75 And yet its coursing way reveals Or when I watch the warfare waged with

THE BOOKCRAFT CO. Its permanence and truth. I knowlife thatand Goddeathis near, a force to feel and

P. O. Box 63 And through its daily weaving, touch,

I would surely be too small, and withstrength, out Salt Lake City AIs madepatternedof alltapestrythe glad bright hours For

Of life's true symmetry. To witness and to bear alone so much.

650 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHRIST, BY THORVALDSEN ON READING THE NEW TESTAMENT It was at Cana at a marriage feast

Our Master turned the water into wine;

He spoke the word and raging tempests ceased;

He healed the sick at glowing vespertine;

And from those sunset hours the light still streams,

The light of hope that never, never goes,

The light of faith outliving mortal dreams,

The light of love outshining earthly woes...

Yet to one simple act I turn again By

And still again: his leaving of that free,

Exalted walk across a surging sea Kathrine H, To get into the ship with doubting men...

I love to ponder on this wondrous hour

When meekness was the closing act of power. Williams

NOVEMBER, 1943 651 &r'J&TP oinimevitwient By DAVID A. SMITH

President, Temple Square Mission and Acting President of the Canadian Mission

Several years ago I was assigned to attend a quarterly conference of the San Luis Stake. My traveling instructions stated that I was to go

by train, leaving Salt Lake City at a given time. Upon reaching Pueblo,

Colorado, I was to leave the train and continue my journey late that night on a train going through from Denver.

Upon leaving the train at Pueblo, I had a feeling that I should go on to

Denver and catch my train there.

Checking the timetable I found that by so doing I could have a visit at the

Western States Mission headquarters, then board my train and get a good night of rest. I returned to the train

upon which I had arrived and which had remained at the station for about thirty minutes. Upon arriving at Denver I checked my bag and went by

street car to the mission home, where I had a very enjoyable visit.

I left Denver at about nine o'clock that night and should have reached my destination at about six o'clock the following morning. At about sixthirty

a.m. I was waked by a sound of rush- m\K\x$ >nW\ I at curtain the the raised water. V ing W m m near stopped found and had window we

what appeared to be a large lake; the

water was splashing against the train. Washing Machine—"Why don't they bring me some wash? I called the porter and found that no ex-

I'm good and tired of sitting here doing nothing. And planation was available other than that

by the way, Shorty, where have you been?"thecouldtracksnot werebe movedflooded,untilandthethe watertrain

FelsNaptha—"Take it easy, OldTimer. Don't forget that subsided.

All day we remained in that condi-

I'm a very popular lad just now. Your Missus waited tion without food; toward evening our

three days for me this week."train began to move in the direction from

which we had come; no one seemed to Washing Machine—"She must be losing her mind. What know what had happened. About eight

Springs, arrived at Colorado we have you got that other soaps haven't got?"p.m. into a hotel. where were ushered we

FelsNaptha—"Brother, I've got NAPTHA! And do the There we learned that a cloudburst had

broken the reservoir at Pueblo and a smart gals go for that. If it wasn't for me, you'd be flood of water had washed away the

in the Home for WornOut Washers right now."car I would have been in, had I remained in Pueblo. Many were drowned. Washing Machine—"Is that so! Why you I wired President Grant that I was

little..."returning via Denver, having missed

the flood. Upon reaching the mission

FelsNaptha—"Jiggers! Here she comes. home at Denver I was greeted at the

And look at that wash. Lift your doorment, by"GetSisteron Knightthe telephonewith thisat stateonce

lid, Pal, this is a job for and call President Grant; he has telephoned several times to try and locate

\ FelsNaptha and I do you."

I soon made my report to the presimean NAPTHA!"

dent and learned for the first time that my telegram sent from Colorado

Springs had not been delivered because the wires were all down in the southern section.

President Knight was expected home from New Mexico, where he had FELSNAPTHA SOAP banishesTattleTale Gray"been holding meetings. Nothing was

{Concluded on page 697) 652 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The First Presidency: President Heber J. Grant, J. Reuben Clark, Jr., David 0. McKay

rrcriLtecU of \Jur \Jwvi <JLlue6

5u. fresident Jreber st. Cfrant

Address presented at the opening session of the WAth semiannual general conference, Friday afternoon, October 1, 1943, in the Salt Lake Tabernacle

is not thought safe by the doctor for me to make us the power to keep that commandment. If we

ITa talk of any length at the conference, so I fail, we, and we alone, are responsible for the have decided merely to thank the Saints for failure, because God endows his servants, from the their faith and prayers in my behalf, and to assure president of the church down to the humblest memthem I am gaining a little all the time. I hope that ber, with all the ability, all the knowledge, all the

by the next conference I may be able to address power that is necessary, faithfully, diligently, and the Saints at greater length. properly to discharge every duty and every obliga-

I have decided to have read to you what I desire tion that rests upon them, and we, and we alone, to say, and also to add what I said at a meeting a will have to answer if we fail in this regard."

number of years ago, as follows: As it was during our meeting last April in our

"If you want to know how to be saved, I can annual conference, so today we have thousands of tell you: It is by keeping the commandments of our young men in the armed forces of the warring

God. No power on earth, no power beneath the nations.

earth will ever prevent you, or me, or any LatterConstantly I pray that the Lord will bless each day Saint from being saved, except ourselves. We and every one, and that he will help each of them

are the architects of our own lives, not only of the to live in accordance with the principles of the lives here, but the lives to come in eternity. We gospel, so that he may have a claim to the blessings

ourselves are able to perform every duty and obligaof the Lord to the full extent that accords with his tion that God has required of men. No commandwisdom. I pray that, so far as it accords with the

ment was ever given to us but what God has given {Concluded on page 735)

Jke (Ldltord J-aqe NOVEMBER, 1943 653 CHURCH FINANCES

ccoum / Address delivered at the Friday afternoon session of the 114th semiannual general conference, October 1, 1943, We thought perhaps you would like or have failed to understand or are in the Tabernacle to know something about the way in wilfully misrepresenting.

which the tithing is spent. The Lord tried us for three years to

You will recall that the history of see if we could not set up the United at Fishnot. financial far then the operas its could church, as Order; So we Brethren: heart you With my following 22, ations 1834, ing are concerned, River on be roughly June may rejoiced at the has love and the dissolution into Zion's periods: of the the divided four which Camp, That

blessings to which have just come that give told us the great revelation given antedated up Lord we should loved, honored,Myus from our respected, that he 9, that and the United would 1831; Order February on which went

and revered president, Heber J. Grant. from then until June of 1834; that which not reestablish it until Zion was reMay the Lord vouchsafe to him for went forward from June, 1834, until deemed, and that time has not yet

of blessings those years to come many 1 838, and July 8, then from July 8, 1 838, come.

life, strength, vigor of mind and body until time. the present Between that time, June 22, 1834, and

which he shall require to perform the The first period down to February 9, July 8, 1838, we again had no regular duties and obligations that rest upon 1831, was not marked by any systemfinancial system.

him. atic plan of church financing. The On July 8, 1 838, the Prophet prayed:

We thought that perhaps at the church was young and few in numbers, "Oh Lord! show unto thy servant how

beginning of the conference before we but certain great principles were estabmuch thou requirest of the properties return to the more highly spiritual levlished at that time regarding the exof thy people for a tithing."In reels to which President Grant has raised penditure of the funds, all of them sponse to that prayer the Lord gave the

us, that it might be well for me to make looking to the care of the poor and the revelations now incorporated in the a few observations regarding the tembuilding of the church. Doctrine and Covenants as sections 119

poral affairs of the church—what one and 120. In the revelation printed as

might call its semibusiness affairs. The United Order section 120, the Lord said:

is saith thus the the Verily, Kirtland, the time Lord, 9, 1831, at February r\N Church Finances tithing] shall that it [the be discome, now first great the received *** Prophet

First the a council, of composed posed of by the Order. revelation first United on like in the say place to I should We of the of bishop Church, and my bearing revelations find other upon rethat authorities the general we of council, his council high and that Presidencyand by my concerning important subject, the gratimore Saints deepest turn the unto our voice [the unto twelve]; mine and by own

tude for their faithfulness in the payit (though it was touched upon in many them, saith the Lord. Even so. Amen.

ment of tithes. The largest tithing in of the others) are sections 42, 51, 56,

the history of the church up to that time 70, 72, 78, 82, 85, 90, 101, and 105. The Tithing Administration

came in 1941. In 1942 our tithes inUnited Order has not been generally Accordingly the tithing is now adcreased over fifty percent over 1941. understood, and I think that I may reministered in the following way:

Thus far in 1943 our tithes have inpeat here again what I said on another Under the direction of the first presicreased over 1942 by more than fifty occasion: that the United Order was dency a budget is drawn up, as nearly

percent. not a communal system. It was an inas may be at the first of the year, which

The Lord has blessed the people in dividualistic system. Every man was includes all of the proposed expenditures of the tithing. This budget is the

result of the careful consideration of

Thus far in 1943 our tithes have thefor thedepartmentsexpenditurewhichof thearefunds.responsible

increased over 1942 by more than This budget is then taken before the fifty percent. ing,Councilcomposed,on the Expenditureas the revelationof the Tithpro-

vides, of the first presidency, the council

The United Order and communism ofopric.the twelve,This counciland theconsiderspresidingandbishdis-

are not synonymous.... Those who go cusses the budget so submitted, approving or disapproving, as the case may

about telling us otherwise either do be, individual items, but finally passing not know or have failed to understand the budget.

The approved budget as it comes or are tvilfully misrepresenting. from that meeting is then turned over

for its expenditures to a Committee on

Expenditures, composed of the first their crops, and he is continuing to to own his own property. He was represidency, three members of the counbless them. While I do not personally quired, however, to give the surplus cil of the twelve, representing that

advocate the payment of tithes on the thereof for the benefit of the poor council, and the presiding bishopric.

theory that if you pay your tithes the and for the building up of the This committee then passes upon and

Lord will give you more money, I do church. The United Order and comauthorizes the expenditures of the tithearnestly urge upon you the payment munism are not synonymous. Coming. So that there is a complete check

of tithes, and a full tithing, because munism is Satan's counterfeit of the upon all of the tithing which is paid inthereby you will have greater joy than United Order. There is no mistake to the church. None of it is expended

through any other temporal activity in about this and those who go about except upon the approval and authorwhich you may engage. telling us otherwise either do not know ization of this committee.

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA careful an estimate as we can make indicates that in the wards and stakes, not including the missions, the church families have put up and have stored in their cellars 42,625,000 cans, or a grand total for the wards and stakes and the Welfare of 44,727,000 cans.

We believe that if we included the canning in families the done misby church eir yteiuamskiip sions, fruits the total of cans of number and vegetables which we shall have in these three ways brought into storage

By J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. notfor theexceed,next50,000,000year, will cans.approximate,This repif

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY resentsFor thisovertremendous1,000,000,000achievement,points. the

greatest that has come from a unified church effort in a generation, the most is credit sisters gratitude the to and due cultivation in have under Program Welfare now We of all the the church have done who in the church connection with Welfare like to say a little something as the as well canning the bulk of would I home projects land. of acres 14,578 someI for canning the the program. program Welfare Welfare and now about all this think of voluntary, is farmed byThe first move made by the first presigratuitous labor. the ward groups. We ask these sisters

heartfelt to in receive the thanks conanddency the Welfare program was in established have connection We gratulations of the of 1933, of the whole August body a little overmade in the with bishop's 90 Welfare work ten years ago, when the first presidency storehouses. church.

presidents of stakes of have something Thusasked you and shown we set canneries. up 65 We havebishops can our minds a survey. do if to make This you we we set in the are church, There under the what

did and your reports came in to the Welfare program, 598 livestock prothereto. Furthermore, it should be unfirst presidency. Because of its great jects, and there are under the direction derstood that the home canning has

the matterimportance was then taken the of such projects. quorums 157

forunder advisement and consideration We processedthe productsmuch,of ifhomenot inandgreatestgroup part,garestablished have manufacturing many three years. Then in 1936, the plan and processing plants, of which priestdens, and of fruits that would otherwise

into operation. put wasted. supbeenwas The public hood quorums have established 30 and have

time the plies of vegetables green and fruits it was put into operation, At other establishments 294.

we called attention to the fact that have not been seriously drawn upon.

do famnot know just how many We its this materialwhile the immediate of all purpose In the use was we should ilies in rehabilitated have been the sense it for thatcaring the poor, careshould tembe used and only remember porarily caring for them so far as the that they have been established in busfully and without waste. Furthermore,

in sort or of some farming, but itindividuals that iness concerned, to yet in so far as so were we may be permitted 1200. runs not far short of regulations, there that service behind under governmentalback of and do we

were other considerations, among them Supplementary Canning should be prepared to remember during being that we should rehabilitate temthe coming winter our neighbors who porally and spiritually those who reThis year, as you know, we have may be in need.

ceived the assistance. It was also deprovided that the canneries should be I am sure we have now demonstrated

termined that the principle of help used by ward groups who might wish in this Welfare program, and in the should be the actual need of the into put up fruit. This was done in acmore or less ancillary home canning, in

dividual or family; there was not to be cordance with the expressed approval what has heretofore been more or less

a fixed, uniform amount for each perof the proper governmental agencies. of an experiment, what we can do, we

son. Also, in so far as it was practicThe figures of what we have done this of the church, if we set our minds and

able, everyone should work for what year through the Welfare plan, through our hearts on carrying out the admonihe received, if he were well.

That program has gone forward in a very remarkable way, and literally thousands have been helped and many There has come into the church an families have been so rehabilitated.

But there was another element inever-increasing spirituality becatise of volved in it, and that was based upon the giving tvhich has been incident to the Savior's principle announced in the

Sermon on the Mount, "It is more the carrying on of the Welfare work.

blessed to give than to receive."And

the history of the Welfare movement shows that there has come into the The Lord told his disciples... that

church an everincreasing spirituality because of the giving which has been they must be oney and that he expectincident to the carrying on of the Weled his people to be one.

fare work. That giving has been not

alone a giving of money or provisions or clothing or fuel, but a giving of manual labor, and of all the contributions the group canning activities, and tion of our prophet in becoming selfthe latter has perhaps brought the most through the home processing of fruits sustaining.

of a feeling of common brotherhood as and vegetables, are, I think, remarkmen of all training and occupation have able. Spiritual Dividends

worked side by side in a Welfare garIn group canning we shall have put This group canning has brought to us den or other project. up during this season 1,253,000 cans. In this blessing which far outweighs any

Our achievements for this year in Welfare canning we shall have put up other that is incident thereto. From all

the Welfare program and in the activ849,000 cans, the two together making over the church we hear that it has ities connected therewith, have been 2,102,000 cans. brought into the wards, where it has

greatly beyond our dreams. But that is only the beginning. As {Concluded on page 702)

NOVEMBER, 1943 655 THE HOME FRONT

USa <UJavld \J.

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY

.Address delivered at the Saturday morning session of the 114th semiannual general conference,

October 2, 1943, in the Tabernacle

And they shall also teach their children War Industries One of the foreboding indications of to pray, and to walk uprightly before the the weakening of the Home Line is the

Lord. (D. & C. 68:28.) The stupendous accomplishments of waning influence of parenthood as

the United States industries in the shown in the increasing delinquency parents the young. many Too

their neglecting teach to beThisto thecommandresponsibilityleaves noof questionparents asto shipsshort spaceand ofairplanes,two yearsmanufacturingin building seemamongto to supplies shipping in munitions, and responsibiltheir the teach uprightly before children "to walk children—a little short of are to shifted the shoulity frequently Rolf too Lord."weeks few ago Inspector A

in unparalleled record Inschools, of alliedmiraculous—acountries, the public church, the Federal and of Bureauders T. of Harbo

officers of the law. the history of the world! vestigation, told national officers, chairFour Essential Bulwarks Agriculturists men,tional andCongressstate ofpresidentsParents ofandtheTeachNa-

girls uners that "Delinquency among horticulturists, dairyFarmers, and struggle In the present worldwide first half in of risen 21 the has der efforts forth putting herculean are 64% to men lords in cruel, ambitiousdefeat Euwar 1943"; "this top increase on comes and line. their to hold However, manpow- there are four in therope East Far and for the year increase of of an this front depleted er so on been has 95% viz.:essential bulwarks, general decontrast to in 1942, a and that the farmers had thousands have by

1. The Battle Front where men in to work twelve, fifteen, and even crease in juvenile delinquency for boys

uniform are facing the enemy in eighteen hours a day to mature and garunder 21. They blame the rise of youthdeath-dealing conflict. ner the muchneeded crops. They have ful crimes on the breakdown of family

of ties, irregular hours the working too, degreatly handicapped, been by Industries 2. Front The Essential

rethe of with the war, adults because preciating machinnon-replaceable and furare and where women men of the sultant of supervision, gangs lack sent to ery. should Reinforcements be airplanes, tanks, nishing bombs,

acts, juveniles for formed unwholesome line. draft this of production Young men all bullets, necessary war and of part laxity the general on a and in uniform and age know who now for their equipment weapons and

adults."asfarming should be something about sons, brothers, sweethearts and

fighting on land, on sea, and in the signed to raise more food. Increased In Utah, as well as throughout the

air. acreage, more products, and better disUnited States, delinquency, particulartribution are crying needs of the hour. ly among young girls, is increasing. The

3. The Agricultural Front upon the Yet notwithstanding handicaps, the report of the juvenile court of this city

success of which depends not only United States farmer and stockmen are for 1942 shows an increase of 38.5%

the morale, but the very life of our carrying ably and heroically their reover 1941. Among young girls sex ofarmed forces, and the subsistence sponsibility in this great struggle. fenses total up 53.5% in 1942 over

of millions of noncombatants. 1941, up 95% over last year, and up

Family 200% since Pearl Harbor. Fiftytwo 4. The Home Front—stabilizing The

percent the of are delinquents from in the of force and world war praiseconfidently so so nor Not broken homes! peace. esfourth the of worthily can speak we

this delinquency, of For we much sential seems Front bulwark. The Home Battle Front The responsible. parents True, hold must

I is It this going of cracking! to be am

lose wisest parents the consometimes this morning. several during as to morning, speak This

trol their children. of or of one more the fronts to of battle go the the past, of seem America homesmonths Out sinful practices, in Secret indulgences

Allies. citizens for the republic. the of future progressing favorablybe Upon

false ideals teachings, inculcated and by pseudophilosophers, sometimes counteract wholesome home influences.

Teach the young people that marriage is not ofEvenhis thefamilyLordon onehimselfoccasionhad rejectonethirdthe merely a -manmade institution, but that it is divine Plan of Salvation. But after recordained of God.... ognizing"Homes areall thethis,nurserythe factof remainsall domesticthat

virtues, and without a becoming home the exercise of those virtues is imposMany lives are being sacrificed it is true. properly ordered households and the sible."

The very flower of young manhood is uplifting moral atmosphere of home life McCulloch in Home, the Savior of being crushed under the wheels of the depends more than upon any other Civilization, says:

juggernaut of war, but there is now no phase of social life the happiness of the child's of years the first twelve a During is forfamily. the state,alternative not to push relentlessly but Home, human

is life in in hours; school he church 3,240 dictators protector childhood. are the natural until the of Parmurderousward in the hours; home, School 416 Sunday and

apprehended, and their ruthless power ents more than teachers, more than ofnot counting 12 hours for sleep daily, 52,560 and subversive doctrines forever overficers of the law, are the molders of hours. In other words, the child, during the

come. children's moral natures. first twelve years of his life, spends sixteen

656 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is the duty of everyone to strive to make it cans)percentwillperdecreasegeneration.at the rate of about five

possible that no soldier now dreaming of a happy The principal reason for marriage is homecoming may return only to find a broken to rear a family. Failure to do so is one

home or its ideals shattered by the sinful indulandof theeventuallyconditionstothatdie. cause love to wilt

gences of a member of the family.

Divorce Increase Another indication of the weakening times as many waking hours in the home as ica would already be headed down the of the Home Front is the increasing rate in school, and puts one hundred twentysix speedy slopes of decline."of divorce. At the beginning of this

times as many hours in the home as in the Seeking the pleasures of conjugality century (1900) there were in the church. 100,000 per divorces States 75 United to the rewithout a willingness assume in it early years those is during Since there later were years 41 population; is sponsibilities of rearing family a one it is life largely that character made,one's

population. Today 100,000 200 per that at of the onslaughts the batter nowis difficult relative of the value to see not

the educative processes in school, church, structure of the American home. Inhere in the United States there is one

and home. If the child's home life is negtelligence and mutual consideration divorce out of every 6.37 marriages.

lected or impoverished during this period, it should be everpresent factors in deterOut of every one hundred couples maris absolutely impossible for the school or mining the coming of children to the ried in this country, twenty are wrecked institution otherchurch, or to compenany It is reported divorce. of shoals the on the household. husband wife and When

.. loss. this fatal forsate are children in half of these, that about inherited healthy, free are and from that the into all enfactors.enter the Of decree. affected by the diseases weaknesses that might and be else child, or the ofvironment of anyone

for that matter, the home is by far the most transmitted with injury to their offIt is pleasing, brethren, to note, that powerful, so much so that one may say that spring, the use of contraceptives is to the divorce rate in the church including home either makes or mars character. The be condemned. Prime Minister Wincivil and temple marriages is only onechild from the day of his birth, for at least

twelve years, is so dominated by the influences of home, whether good or evil, that he is absolutely helpless to resist them. ffLife is too short and love too great to sacriWhat a heartmoving responsibility, then,

rests upon parents to see to it that the home fice one hour through pettiness."

influences are all that they should be.

is laid during How apt, then, the divine admoniThe foundation of a happy home tion, "And they shall teach their chilpre-marital days.

dren to pray, and to walk uprightly before the Lord."

Restricted Families ston Churchill, March 21, 1942, said half that generally throughout the in a broadcast to the world: United States. The temple marriages

that. indicabelow very ominous way and Another anxieties the of which fall most sombre One infidelity other or of in cases Except tion cracking the of of American upr is a dwindling look those ahead beset who the conditions, church frowns extreme rate. In is birth decreasing thehomes years. thirty present in Unless birthrate

the Reader's Digest for October there trends alter, a smaller working and righting upon divorce, and authorities look with is an article which states that "in the population will have to support and proapprehension upon the increasing numUnited States at large 42% of the martect nearly as many old people. In fifty ber of divorces among members of the

still If will worse. position the be years church.ried whatever no children have women

its is in the place this high to keep country into sacred a entered has who child."or only one A man

to as survive of the leadership world and to of the in the Lord covenant House at large States in the United That its against that hold can great a own power is a true marriage the remain to vow the onethird of enonly pressure,"approximately people be must our external separates that covenant if he to couraged by every means to have larger traitor a sufficient numhavemarried women just his family himself wife and from families. the population of children tober keep

of the country even at a stationary Former president of the United becausecome infatuatedhe has permittedwith a prettyhimselffaceto andbelevel."

States, Theodore Roosevelt, said: comely form of some young girl who

at large States in the United That smile. though flattered with a him Even

all of should severest condemnations The fallen so birth rate has"the urban of the of interpretation the loose a law sterility. willful visited that upon The be cities thatshockingly all American low bill of a a grant such land man would first the civilization essential is that in any overof thousand and hundred one is of I think unworthy divorcement, he father should and be the and woman man generations in or three hunonewould,

dred years, fall to onethird their present size if left without accessions to their populations outside."Seeking the pleasures of conjugality without a

That in the United States at large "the professional classes in American willingness to assume the responsibilities of rearcities are reproducing themselves only ing a family is one of the onslaughts that now sixty percent."

That "in many local areas conditions batter at the structure of the American home.

are even far worse. Note, for instance,

the city of Chicago. More than half its

families have no children whatever mother of healthy children so that the race a recommend to consummate his second to be exact 534,125 out of its 842,578 will increase and not decrease. marriage in the temple. A separation

families are without a single child of because of infidelity is another mattertheir own. And there are many AmeriThe Census Bureau on January 31, When we refer to the breaking of the

can cities that have even a worse birth 1941, declared: marriage tie, we touch upon one of the

rate than Chicago....

large group one "The of people that tinue,If thethepresentnonwhitebirthpopulationand deathof ratesthis councon- saddestcouple whoexperienceshave baskedof life.in theForsun-a

remains least affected by the scourge try will, in the long run, increase at the rate shine of each other's love to stand by of artificial birth control is our rural of about seven percent per generation, while daily and see the clouds of misunderpopulation. Were it not for them Amerthe white population (including the Mexi- (Concluded on page 704)

NOVEMBER, 1943, 657.

QUARTER CENTURY

By avice WILLIAM MULDER Jwentuhue ears ad

finalTherespitesummerfrom ofthe 1919influenzabroughtepidemic that for months had scourged the country, and in June, at the first opafter the Armistice, Heber J. Grant had war economy that are the preoccupaportunity since the death of Joseph F. accompanied the milelong funeral protion of the present day.

Smith, Latterday Saints met in special cession of President Smith to the gravePaced by the almost killing exertions that fervently president, at there prayed side eighty of its a had and in the to tabernacle who conference sustain had2 ability life, the in his as eventful "the as the year power and might he any have president seventh as the Grant Heber J. 3

as forgivconsiderate, steadily. as as kind, of has to be church "Century grown the of church.

his true"as noble saying the Progress,"another and ing, as brave and way of month before, The WilWoodrow only: desire dispensation of of the fulness had one times, was He lesser son, to predecessor. statesmen abandoning

their international rivalries at Versailto walk in the footsteps of the beloved its leading theme long before the Chiles, had returned to the United States preacher of righteousness. And the cago exposition adopted it.* In an age

convinced that the arrangements of the first official act of the new president accustomed to measure that progress in peace could not last a generation unless had been a kindly and considerate one terms of taller buildings, longer roads, they were guaranteed by the united a letter to stake presidents and bishops faster automobiles, it was sometimes a forces of the civilized world. His on behalf of the soldiers soon to return temptation to think of church growth

campaign for the League of Nations from the battlefields of Europe.... in terms of chapels and stake centers,

institutes, seminaries storehouses, and shortly president to the bringwas war such demission temples J. Grant with homes, temple and and City, to Salt with where, Lake

the Mrs. VK/hen* sire Heberand humility to invite assumed attention higher to sites; and theWilson, bedridden he would pay

life, twentyfive of the leadership church birth fastestgrowing rate, longer the president of B. Wells, Emmeline

it free ago, 1 found years from debt he largest basketball membership, league, Relief Society, thank a personal call and her for the magnificent contribution of and on speaking terms with the world. most perfect organization. That tenwheat made toward Allied relief by It was inevitable that Zion should dency had its manifestation in the

Latterday Saint women. lengthen her cords and strengthen her early stages of the Welfare program,

policies stakes. of wise Wilford there in The Presisharp rebuke and was sustained one Grant Heber who No J. Snow, Joseph Lorenzo and that Woodruff, publicity Grant's the dent lament

that his foresee that could then June day doctrine, clarified church F. "far, Smith far overdone."had been had

fitful administration the span would its credit, to bulwarked reason, and come the has however, good With rightlygeneration feared which Wilson misrepreits persecution terms with and of been church deaware made own duration of the the peace.would mark sentation. vexvelopment. be Beginning would the with There one new

that could anyone whateverNor know it ations, for remained First but Heber anniversary the of hundredth Vis- J. themight national troubled course be of laid in foundations to build ion on 1920, centennials Grant of a number events the beduring world yearsand cost at great outstanding deep by broad and and and commemorations have

the wars, destinedtween church was the attention directed him. past. of before the the to power By men Theto enjoy enduring a peace more and spirit in of the has church a personal example and forward gone with a backitprosperity consistent than more had look, profiting 121 of the section the Doctrine Coveand appreciaward byever before. known tion illumine path introspection at of the nants and gained he would each

that did Everyone know, however, his the lead of safety First momentous path Visand duty as anniversary—thefor as stake president two years ion, the great the coming forth of the through course sane and people of a Book

for thirtysix years as apostle, Heber divides in world history that came to Mormon, the organization of the

J. Grant had more than made good the be known as the normalcy and prosperchurch, the opening of the British mispledge he had given the Saints in Tooele ity of the 'twenties, with their indulsion, the founding of the Relief Society.

as a boy. In almost identical words he gence and irresponsibility; the crisis and The Message of the Ages at the great

repeated the promise now: depression that were the despondency centennial of 1930 kindled an enthus-

I stand here today in all humility, acof the 'thirties; and the recovery and iasm that is still remembered.

1knowledging weakness, own a gathering own nation's of my tend the my railroad leading the set of as Grant president apart was Heber executives financiers; in early and December worked J.the the council 23, church twelve of of information,lack November on by and and wisdom my

of staff with producers photographers the and from of four after Smith. death the F. days Joseph ability the of thelack exalted to occupy in of preparation a March of Time newsreel; meanat the sustained general conference postponed was He1918,

toposition susvoted in time, visits have in which to addition to you and nearby wards and 1919. 1, June

stakes, attended the general had he conferences of the I will to ask more... betain me no man 2 in of April, chronicle unparalleled church, President Grant's his with counselors, speaking over The mine,liberal his than with with means I am first in activity In follows: the as 1936 runs broadcast AmericanEuropean the somewhat of church; May

in proportion to what he possesses, for the appeared before the nation's leaders in science and in April also announced the Security (now Welfare) in industry at outstanding an Dearprogram, Conference event in a Chemurgic of outyear the Farm of God's kingdom.advancement

events. ovations; Detroit, receiving twice standing standing born Era, and November,

the observeask no man to Word of I Wiswill April at Lick, NationIndiana, fuller 1936, and the Sixth for 1937, addressed French and( See November,Improvement dom any more closely than I observe it. al Training Conference of Scout Executives, warmly counts of Heber J. Grant's life and administration.)acin received introduced E. West; Dr. James by andI 1943 1919 conscientious to will ask more be no man daughters; his of visited ten seven with Alaska July - 495,! Church membership 917,715 tithes his of in the payment promptand at in in later August business church Canada; on Stakes 144 75

Relations, Park, of the Institute Estes Colo- I will be. ask I will his Human offerings thanand 843 1,242 Wards

in invited rado, guest speaker; as September and Missions 22 38 to willing to andrio ready more be man in Quarters dedicated the Cemetery Winter Seminaries 19 102 labor late, to to and early go andcome a ence, addressed nationwide Nebraska, and NBCFlorInstitutes 13

later before the spoke radio audience; I same day full than of body,with and mind in power use 4 7 a Temples

in gathering distinguished of friends and members 1 construction 2 un der Templeswill humility. in labor, always for departing the before Memorial, Omaha, Joslyn

The previous November, eleven days Newcago; York;from therein Novemberreturned organizedby way ofa Omahastake intoChiat- that* Thetitle M.I.in A.1930.adult class had a study course by

658 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Aaronic priesthood extension and the earlier correlation committee, seeks to account for the teenage groups. President Grant's sympathies have been with

youth since his own early service in

M.I.A.

Of special concern to the present administration has been the revitalization

service. steady for together Theat /sfeber rant'6 ofed the priesthood as a fellowship bondthe emphasis continuing comon and

mittee system within the quorums may yet prove to be of farreaching signifi- [Resident of the Lhurcn cance.in 1936 TheafterWelfarethree yearsprogram,of surveylaunchedand

careful planning, was and continues to be the priesthood's greatest challenge.

While everywhere else in the country for hours, shorter for bocry was In the its abroad. missions to permanence it is adminGrant's that Heber So J. for taxes and lower pensions, and nuses

first in its participated church 1935 the history while comistration has made bent security, everyone on what greater the broadcast will Churchof-theAir it. time future memorating—Some rehere get, here could he was—and been already choir had Tabernacle of anniversaries the celebrate no doubt tries everyone wherein plan mains—a coast every to coast week this in firsts heard inaugurated the notable give his utmost to.... to conferApril during since era this an has generation, been as even 1929—andfrom

the shortwaved of reclaiming 1936 Columbia ence old sites, rediscovering of multiplied. The '"P'he list could be trails, to Europe. program Churchof-theAir marking historic landmarks,

of these eventful * accomplishments President Grant following the year in stone memorializing and bronze The means twentyfive no years have by visit. Saints a personal old world faith paid Cumorah, Nauof the fathers—at of man. one been the accomplishments as and as far the was complete, Quarters, voo, San Diego, The union Winter

British Isles. Not so spectacular, perthe church was concerned, it was one Yet this quarter century belongs to Hehaps, but of more lasting significance, world. ber J. Grant. It is his because he has

are the memorials in the form of books given himself to it unreservedly. Not

and manuals written, study courses pre- "Cor the effective functioning of the counting the nearly half century of pared, and research carried on which *- church, needed changes have acchurch service that went before, as long enough to served he has an president to the immeasurably added store companied have expansion—sometimes sets of counselors, three have named often a shift in emscholar- gospel innovation, more of church history and

ship, phasis or the underlining of fundaordained eleven to the council of the mentals. Assistants to the twelve have twelve and appointed four assistants,

Finally there is the living monument been appointed; general boards of the set apart seven to the first council of

of the everwidening cordon of stakes, auxiliaries have been reorganized, memseventy, called two presiding bishoppresiding patriarch. He has and a rerics being council of twelve the of bers nearly after home"of them "come some

stake presidents, countless set apart retained officers general and leased as once regions to they a century, were missionaries, apof called thousands periodic of policy the advisers, and as in and as forced York to abandon, New bishops, as and other hundreds proved superintendencies and of the release the California. world Illinois As and correspondence his prodigious through to announced presidencies boards and concept of smaller, Zion the has grown

gifts has entered of books and generous service to for a widopportunity afford President It is easier for enlarged. has

his people. lives of into the personally carrying are missions Stake or er number. Liverpool with confer to Grant

is legend, his and the name young To the within stranger it to the for gospel Brigham the than was Honolulu ofttold the are experiences personal his first the direction of settlethe the gates under with get in touch to Young generation. this of stories Seminaries and seventy. farthest of the council Utah. in southern ments The

outpost in normal times is as close as institutes make religious education The president has used time well.

the nearest telephone. The immigraavailable to high school and college Perhaps that is why time has treated

tion restriction bill of 1921 found the boys and girls every day in the week. him kindly in return. The thread

church prepared to give increasing Ward boy leadership, successor to lengthens, still firm and unbroken.

General authorities as they appeared at the April conference in 1918. Meber J. Grant became

president of the church the following November. Seated, left to

right: Rudger Clawson, Heber J.

Grant, Anthon H. Lund, President

Joseph F. Smith, Charles W. Penrose, George Albert Smith, Charles

W. Nibley. Standing, left to right:

Orrin P. Miller, Anthony W. Ivins,

Charles H. Hart, Orson F. Whitney, David 0. McKay, Rulon S.

Wells, Joseph Fielding Smith, J.

Golden Kimball, James E. Talmage,

Stephen L Richards, Joseph W. McMurrin, Hyrum G. Smith, Richard

R. Lyman, Levi Edgar Young, David

A. Smith. Absent were Reed Smoot,

in Washington; George F. Richards,

in England; Seymour B. Young, ill;

B. H. Roberts, at Camp Kearny,

California.

NOVEMBER, 1943 (Matthew 23:3739) YE \\AND WOULD NOT!

d5u [resident Ljeorae rlbert J>mltk

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Saturday.

morning session of the 114th semiannual general conferThe Lord warned Tyre and Nineveh Babylon and rebuild Jerusalem. The

ence, October 2, 1943, and Jerusalem and Babylon, and other prophet had said that Jerusalem would in the Tabernacle cities, that unless they repented and be in bondage seventy years. It was

>} turned to him they would be destroyed, just seventy years when Cyrus gathered cities, the together to Jerusalem those took and back Nineveh was and * the that of favored be trust I may captive to the the only taken immediately that turned had been one Jews who I shall say, to the end what Lord in artisans to Babylon. and took the prophet Cyrus warned Lord when Jonah that the and I that be edified you may

skilled s that the yesse the king of impending had and danger men The I,m profitably that time be occupy may stolen the in sa temple sackcloth been from and and by those dothed P,eoPle to It is experience spent. remarkable a

went ved and ad m Bablyon of men, face and an stand here army and t rebuild Jto the fJerusalem, destruction, permittedaf* *hout d'. and that** Lordwas backh? possesses these that of realize each men

'to pass by. in t the promised other place authority. unti i that divine a fter iong very jt wasn No

world, no other group in the world, The Lord told Abraham that his seed the Jews who would not repent were holds the authority of the holy priestshould go into a strange land, that after punished because they would not listen hood as you do. four hundred years they would return to the Lord. And then again, after

It is oftentimes a source of exceedwitii great possessions. He didn't tell the coming of our Lord and Master,

ing distress to me to know that our him how it was going to be brought Jesus Christ, they would not receive brothers and our sisters are in the world, about. He didn't tell him that Joseph, his gospel and they would not repent,

many of them, seeking to destroy those one of his descendants, should be sold This time Jerusalem was not only over- 'who are opposing them on the field of into slavery in Egypt and because he thrown but was destroyed and her tembattle. It seems that at different periods kept the commandments of God should pie was razed until not one stone was

of the world's history, those who have have communication with the heavens left upon another, been faithful in keeping the commandand preserve the great nation where he ments of God have been compelled to was living at the time. Abraham was not \ LL these things were revealed to the

defend the ideals that they have retold that. He wasn't told that the great x\ prQphets of God. And so we might

ceived from our Heavenly Father. ToPharaoh would recognize a humble q on now speakinq of Babylon, and

day those who have gone out from Hebrew who was taken out of prison how trie Lord told of the establishment his to interpret us are not only dream. representatives among was Abraham that the various should suckinqdoms of family told that the of of the 6i the government Joseph would United States not the king, giving ceed, Nebuchadnezby

but they go out also believing that it is be brought to Egypt in order to be prezaXi a dream, and then 'by using Dantheir religious duty to defend the liberserved, that they should become a ie \ t wfo was there as a captive to ties of the nation that our Heavenly Famighty multitude, and after a period of interpret the dream of the kinq. The

ther established for us to enjoy. time, four hundred years, six hundred prediction had been made that certain

It does seem strange that after hunthousand people, approximately, came things would occur, and one kingdom dreds of years of access to the holy 'Jt of Egypt and wended their way should follow after another, and it was scriptures comparatively few people are through the wilderness into the Promso fulfilled. It took hundreds of years to

familiar with the fact that what is oc- |sed Land. It wasn t a matter of guessfuifii the prediction. One of the recurring now is in fulfilment of predicin f- It was a matter of knowledge on markable parts of the interpretation

tions of men who, like you, have held the part of God and he gave the inwas that in the ays f the kingdoms the priesthood. The philosophies of formation to Abraham. tnat snould grow out of the Roman Emmen vary and change. The truths of pire, the God of heaven should set up

God are fundamental and never change. "T'hink how anxious the Lord was to a kingdom. A little stone was to be

Today this world is facing destruction * save the cities of the plains, Sodom cut out of the mountain without hands, because after not only hundreds of and Gomorrah. Abraham pleaded reand the God of heaven would set up a

years but thousands of years the sons peatedly with the Lord, asking that they kingdom.

for righteous. of the living the be the sake spared have of daughters God and hefc he of & and was Danid God *V until their his lives the he reducing kind kept to to failed number conform He fc he a com was

- fifty to carae ten righteous from advice, do"j like factof God> mandren. woufd

if in these that said Lord The told of the that the us to are brethren take tod here prophets PePle; One who

the found, ten could be gous a!es this you. nothing Daniel but message observed do he with Lord would God

t s te* be saved would Bu, his his no,t secrets to his reveal with the teachings servants of comwould God j cltl could and found Persons,be re ions> of other the the prophets. to r[ghteous ference the In with kind words, world

they as d"troyed had e Cltles if not surprise drink should th have> they taken would and ood and be by w er, the of a servant Lord by that the the warned attention that paid leadership refused to food tQ a was t the> that of because wickedbe would s table kept provided. king the served look over Lord upon down So He we - th ness result to time, of the of the vista the and the of days Wisdom, Noah Word

when the Lord warned the people of It was a strange thing that in the days was that he, with his three associates, what would occur, and they apparently of Isaiah the Lord revealed to him that who also kept the Word of Wisdom, paid no attention, for out of the seemthe greatest of all the nations in the of all those that were captives, reing multitudes that dwelt upon the earth should be humbled, and he gave ceived the inspiration of the Almighty earth, only eight souls were saved from the name of the man, Cyrus, whom the and their own lives were not only predestruction, yet all had been told how Lord referred to as his anointed, and served, but they were also permitted they might be preserved. told Isaiah that Cyrus would overthrow to tell what should occur.

660 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"M[ow,grewin outthe ofdaystheofRomanthe kingsEmpire,that beforehand,All these thingsand hadthen,beenin madethe caseknownof theis notworldsufficientdoes notthatknowwe arethem.doingSo asit

the kingdoms were partly strong and the Latterday Saints, when they were well as most of the people in the nation.

partly broken, and the God of heaven in distress in Nauvoo and were being Unless we are keeping the commanddid set up a kingdom, for in the year harassed by their enemies, the Prophet ments of God and living worthy of the 1 830 he established his church here upon of God told them that they would be blessings of our Heavenly Father, we the earth. That didn't come by accident driven from their homes—and that they will not receive those blessings.—it didn't come by surprise. It had all would come to the tops of the Rocky Now that isn't said with any feelingbeen predicted—all these things that Mountains where they would become a of unkindness and harshness. From the

are contained in the Old and New mighty people. What did they know depths of my soul I wish that we ourTestaments, and many others that I am about the Rocky Mountains? What selves could see our own danger. There

not trying to mention. I am trying to call was there in the Rocky Mountains that are many people among us who are

your attention to the fact that when the they should come to? Not anything but pleasing to our Heavenly Father beLord speaks, what he promises has alwhat God had prepared. That prophecy cause they are keeping the commandways been fulfilled. was fulfilled, and you are my witnesses ments of God. There are many people

Well, now, has he promised us anythat it was fulfilled in that the Latterwho are not members of the church who thing today? Read your scriptures. Not day Saints today are a mighty people in are seeking to keep the commandments

the as midst of these great mountain valof All they understand them. God the Testaments,only and Old the New

leys. will these blessings receive in proportobut turn See your Book of Mormon.

that of prediction times tion their faithfulness. Another our in to prepBut fulfilled his the has promises Lordhow

fulfilled, refor celestial the aration the to kingdom, was Lord obwas when rethe Nephites, they because—how tain this to shall inheritance the here that vealed Smith Prophet an Joseph when teachings fused to the of accept God that civil this in be there himself kingdom, has the coun- a be would Lord war sustain presidedrefused to those who

I it given rules regulations. the Yet, told try exactly and and him where wouldover wiped them by authority—were fear there are us are begin, rebellion at of some the among South Carowho earth. of the the facefrom wasn't That

to thoughtless so that as lina. the idea have the did Prophet know, Joseph How they warning; withoutdone a knew will for they it themselves, decide conthirty it nearly years occurred, before told, they come, andwould were trary it advice, to the Lord's they in start what that Carolina? South would the theacross ocean, of mighty

will into receive yet expect and an do the and because Lord knew knew He Savior, of thecoming what would celestial in heritance the but kingdom, so. told the beginning, from him Sooccur came, he would what and when to are they disappointment. all doomed through through Noah, and down crucified. hehappen when The was said Master line The of the the to prophets compower in of things these the minds keptLord

saith Lord, unto me, prophetshis people and who were who withmunicatethose withwhomtheGodheavenshas raisedhasupbeenand Lord,Notshalleveryoneenter intothatthe of heaven; kingdom there attention. this landpaid All over

taught people been have will that but he The doeth the of my Father destruction because the people prepared.was

is in heaven. (Matt. 7:21.) they and warned, been most which have and not righteous.were recreant to of the have them warnbeen

are at the prevented present we Why ing, result that the great destrucbeing record, the follow and you may You as for time doing from have done we tion children the has of men. upon come thingswill that discover have such

all bring years, to our people can who to peoplenever a happened were who the the to tabernacle? Because come

in of the in arekeeping our God. commandments "M[ow, warned, day we the people transgressed of world have

to destruction those has come who revelationThe to the a Prophet Joseph the of of because the laws people God;

failing attention to to whatwere pay that unless are Smith, righteous more we nation our disappointed the have Lord nation desired.the This was Lord receiving those are than destrucwho his blessings, refused and have so many in thatraised might order worup men at in tion the time present parts many of them. dictates to of theship according the of lose world, God too our must we

their conscience—this nation of which birthright and our opportunity and be Then, right here among us, in our own

we are a part. God raised up the destroyed here in the flesh. We will homes, in the organized stakes of Zion,

very men who prepared the constitunot be justified by saying we are living there are those who have had the hands tion to declare to us our privileges and as well as other people. That is not sufof the servants of God laid upon their

our liberties. It was not an accident. ficient, my brethren. We have a special heads and been confirmed members of

Those things were recorded beforedestiny if we live for it. That destiny the church, and many of them have rehand. In the Book of Mormon he anis to live here upon this earth when it ceived divine authority, and today what

nounced the coming of Columbus, and becomes the celestial kingdom, where would they do if the Savior were to of the Pilgrim fathers, from the old God our Heavenly Father and His Son come? What would we do? Are we

world those who came here to worship Jesus Christ will be our King and our prepared for the coming of our Lord?

God. Lawgiver. We know these things, and {Continued on page 707)

Members of the Council of the Twelve as they met at Uie recent October conference.

Seated, left to right: Stephen

L Richards, Joseph Fielding Smith, President George Al bert Smith, George F. Rich

ards, Richard R. Lyman

Standing, left to right: Ezra

T. Benson, Spencer W. Kim

ball, Harold B. Lee, Albert E

Bowen, Charles A. Call is

John A. Widtsoe, Joseph F

Merrill.

NOVEMBER, 1943 (HteiPd) PGOkhd

By RICHARD L EVANS

fession that demands high ethical living, so that a child xiracurncutar may know that what his teacher says is the truth, and he with in conformity what will be that he lives how of all in spite when, the time to have come again X\Je and will not be lost, his teachings that says, in order to return students of millions pursuits of war, the the schoolroom, there to learn from books, from teachthat the lives of children will not be misdirected by ers, and from association with their comrades, the lessomething that speaks louder than—Septemberwords. 12. 1943.

sons of life in all its fields of knowledge. And because

our children spend so much of their time within school walls, and derive so many of their fixed impressions and <=Jjuli [\ertectiions spent the days hours the and attitudes from habits and of a i\eadu ade fattem obligation the right and the have parents both there, to know what is being taught them, and how, and for Among the dictator nations there is an avid recogwhat purpose, and by whom. Of course, we may think nition of the fact that control of what is taught

we have done our duty in this respect when we have in the schools is a long step toward control of the indoctrination consulted the school catalogue or looked over the profuture—and so a deliberate policy of

gram of the day and see that Johnny is studying is pursued, which, if permitted to proceed unchecked

French, and science, and grammar, and history, and a and unchallenged, can go far to assure any regime, number of other things. But labels in catalogues may any philosophy, any system of government, any idenot mean any more than labels in many other places. ology, the loyalty and devotion, right or wrong, of

The same subject taught by two different teachers may the youth of the land who will soon become the citiscarcely be recognizable as the same subject—so great zens of the land. And by this means, barring some

is the variety of individual color, personal bias, and outside circumstance or contrary influence, a generapersonality tion or a nation of people could be reared with their point of view—and so potent a factor are the

and personal life of the teacher. And that is why parhearts set upon false standards and their feet planted

ents are obliged to be concerned beyond the listings in on crumbling foundations. If the processes of eduthe catalogue and in the published curriculum—and that cation are so potent and so vital to those who would

is why it seems pertinent to ask the question: How misuse them, surely they are even more vital and

can a man teach life if he can't live it? Education is of more concern to those who would use them for lean allembracing process, and so therefore is teaching gitimate ends. And so, the forces of freedom must use

putting the right question the factors of education for a positive good as diligent-—and both go far beyond

and the right answer on the blackboard. Teaching inly as the forces of dictatorship and regimentation

volves life in all its phases, and in order to be fit to would use them for evil and enslaving purposes. And

teach life, one must be able to live it, because children in furtherance of this thought perhaps it should be said are so much impressed by their teachers, not only in that the closer to home the policies are dictated—the

the laying down of formal rules, but also by their nearer the control of our schools is to the communpersonal example, in the schoolroom, on the school ities in which they operate and to the parents whose it is in many grounds, and off the school grounds. And so, as our children are being taught—the better

children return to school, we have a right to expect particulars. Somehow the downto-earth wisdom of

that the influences they find there will go beyond mere conscientious parents and a sense of pride and reof multiplicasponsibility in crossroad communities have been facacademic exposure—beyond the tables

all this tors in building greatness in this land and others. And tion and the rules of grammar—that beyond they will there find lives worthy of emulation—besince there is no such thing as omniscience among men,

cause teaching is and must be considered to be a saedicts from some tall tower, remote from the grass not cred trust, a career requiring dedication of self—a proroots and from the little red schoolhouse, might

662 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA fern v<$m$ q/M

HEARD FROM THE "CROSSROADS OF THE West"WITH THE SALT LAKE TABERnacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through

KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 12:00 noon

Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War Time. 10:00 a.m. Mountain

War Time, and 9:00 a.m. Pacific War Time.

do so well, because local problems are not always unis mine,"saith the Lord. And yet because of real or

derstood or appreciated in places of remote control. imagined slight, or personal prejudice, or jealousy, or

Each community has its own particular color and envy, or because of the sheer malicious pleasure of character, and, if permitted to do so, will contribute gossiping, there are those who are given to destroysomething unique to the life of a nation. And recoging the peace and effectiveness and reputation of

nition; of local responsibility leads to the development others. The fact is that if you're looking for it, you

of local strength, local independence, local leadership can find offense against any man, because perfection and achievement, the aggregate of which, if freely in the human race is conspicuous by its absence. And

permitted, enriches a nation or a people far beyond you can do harm to the standing of any man in the what could be achieved by the supposed omniscience estimation of others by minimizing his virtues and of a remote directing body whose purpose is control magnifying his faults, or you can build up any man in rather than initiative, and uniformity rather than that the minds of others by magnifying his virtues and individuality which, after all, is the essence of progminimizing his faults. But the reverse is the function

ress, of social safety, and of democracy itself. But, of the scandalmongers and the gossips and the proreal and genif permitted to become stereotyped, our school and fessional dirt vendors—to ignore the

our children and our lives may tend to be merely the uine and fine things about life and people, and to dull reflections of a readymade pattern. cast a glare on blemishes. And in the eyes of a jeal-

—September 19, 1943. ous or malicious observer anyone may be judged unfit for the thing he is doing or may propose to do. It

is not improbable that people who are loose in their (Lncroachncroackryient on JlA/jvidtice judgment of others are the instigators of more sorrow, more mischief, and more waste of human lives

A trend that has always caused apprehension among than wars, famines, and pestilences, because there farthinking men is encroachment upon judiciary isn't any home or any country or any heart that is function—the shortcircuiting of the processes of proof against them. "Judge not that ye be not

justice, whereby various nonjudicial agencies or offijudged."To sit in the judgment seat upon our fellow

cers accuse, try, convict, pronounce sentence, and exmen with malicious and harmful intent or with careecute judgment without what has traditionally come less and thoughtless indulgence is a flagrant usurpato be known as "due process of law."But there is antion of judicial function. It is a major offense against

other type of usurpation of the functions of justice humanity, and those who indulge in it will surely reap which is more longstanding, and more universal than as they have sown.—September 26, 1943. encroachment upon the power of the civil courts—

and that is the judgment which individuals and groups Copyright, 1943.

of men and women presume to pronounce upon the character and qualifications of their fellow men—

with whispered testimony—cowardly, selfap-

pointed tribunals that accuse, try, and condemn a man without his ever having known of it. One point on which v

scripture is repeatedly definite is the injunction:

"Judge not that ye be not judged."

... "Judgment...

NOVEMBER, 1943 a

Pioneer Diary

Part IX iza /e.s,now

Along the North Platte, 1847 Tuesday, July 27. Start 10 min. past

7. At 10 arrive opposite Ash Hollow,

where we halt for the purpose of getting timber to repair wagons in case of accident. Ate our bread up for supper

6 have no wood, expecting to find it last night, but thro'the kindness of

Moth[er] Chase, we are supplied with the addition of b[uffalo] chips & we have a good breakfast. This is the 3rd

time I have done so much cooking as to bake the pancakes since we started.

The Ind[ians] that annoy'd us last night, pass us 6 strike their tents 6 travel with us till near night, when they—afall inlargeour comrear [pany]6 we encampon the othernear themside

the river. It commenced raining just SCOTT'S BLUFFS

to time we fortified well casof the "Presenting appearance stopped—no

tles brick, of color well burnt sometimes the sick has... at noon, been very this who to Ewing sick quite amas—I nearly color. striped being chalk the red a with time. Hendricks'Bro. oxen for some 12 ms.aft.—gladcook supper tocrawl bed. Trav. little green ro-.. gave it a. herbage shrubs and The

which almost gave out yest. still travel mantic appearance."

Wednesday, July 28. Start early on. Our people saw a man across the

the forepartthe of very day warm California. to be him from Taylor. encamp'd near river-—found [John] The & afternoon theclouds blows up wind 6 ms. 22 Trav. I this chill sight. in a not 2nd 50 2nd had little this are, but a where we—rains Sis. forenoon. P[eirce] M[argaret] & in 31. 7 Start Saturday, about July is the pass ahead. 2ndstorm most We

ill quite the a bluff with the the of mor. middle day heat—saw front, at quite in cold50 encamp & cool—the

is said to the ms. which 50 beyond be the of Pioneers the one bynight, rain the ms. 15 over. but Trav. hot—met Fort. 15 ms. Trav. to going of Winter Davenport name

Thursday, July 29. Start 20 min. past Quarters with a com. of fur traders Wednesday, August 4. This mor. we

in 2nd 50 come sight &7—the sight in female between men we soon encamp many of John saw 5 & 6 6 horses—many Taylor's nearly with [John] upcome lighted faces the joy at with unusual Taylor's of were Chimney & in sight

com. The bluffs on both sides the Peak. The bluffs are stupendous 6 the arrival of some of the battalion from

riv[er] picturesque. are very As in California, healthy lovers the of good to we beautiful 6 nature—no rising are the hills, whichcommence spirits. this the [pany] river side on 6 only Com wood We lookingascertain'd

last thissaid the the to between be 6 Kearney, to the Fremont cedar cooking be Gen[eral] bushes on 6 ofother—ourthe singularFort, appearing see a can we Ft. to soldiers going flood Leavof fragments with is done wood 6 14 Mormon

bluff, which in an inhabited country buffalo chips. The "Chimney Rock"or enworth for their release, &c The Genmight be mistaken for a large building. as I nam'd it, Chimney Peak, is said to feral] had brought Fremont, he being

It is said it may be seen in 40 ms. travel. be precisely 20 ms. from "Scotch obnoxious to our interest by prejudicing

bluffs terbuildings, present all dayThe burial of against Spaniards Bluff."about 5 the [Scott's] us. The We encamp

races, platforms, descripof every 6c Sis. all the attended with in rear Trav. of opposite the latter. ms. E[wing] was

tion. We encamp in front of the 2nd 16 ms. propriety circumstances would permit

in sight Taylor's. of Trav.50 6 J [ohn] dressing, the the customary—after 1. trav. not do Sunday, August We [Peirce] ms.25 walked on Margaret in consign'd a quilt body wrap'd was 6 in is baking, washing, a busy day the brought rangea over peaks us—this 6 It its coffin. to without a narrow home

is 1 50 2nd the feed here &c; stones Yest. good—the boughs. cedarwood, 6 we truly lonely grave. Capt. a seem'd of near encamp up come & us—some fur trappers horseback; they 5met on the written found a Pfeirce] by wood visit [Scott's] Bluff""Scotch our boys left side the their other [pany] on com 1st 15 of Pioneers saying dated June,

it almost mile high to a be—report 6 learnto were. we who after Ft. which from Laram[ie] 6c, ms. trees a few 6 inaccessible—find 2 ms. encamp'd. went saw Today 6 we 30. Friday, Bro. came July Woodard currants, shrubbery, two cedar pine6c—the half prickly over nearly patches of pear r. this B.to Capt. N[oble] Jos. in mo at the 5 hold meeting comfpanies] ms. ground. the 12 Trav. unless the told leave 50 should him he meet eve. night the Capt[ain]s After

(To be continued)he could either be paid for the work he—motion'd that Bfrigham H.] Young

tools carried. or have done hishad the Uncle into with 50 2nd go We us. Nursoccasional inroads iDeath among made sight in start ten past min. 50 2nd laborious )[ohn]. in a sick tents the ing was wagons and his7—the

it faithfulness task, was with patient but which the in in rear or 2 our comfpanies] more 6 little archives after the in registered 2. Start performed no doubt a was August Monday, front. rapidly the with same on brotherly Move and of unfailing above, an memento and up forenoon very 6 the burial the waysisterly of dead hot—clouds love. by 7—the The yest., tranquility except as Fathfer]

and wives, office. husbands, a a is traveling, fine side sad For with was now 6 then min. to arrange stopping a Chase few loved of remains cherished to the consign children cattle are herded sprinkle of firmest the to try to lone grave rain—our a enough ones was his past P[eirce] oxen. drove Capt. nights. who sister, Esther Ewing, strings. past several for a heart of the out yard Today present truly bluffs views him. The weeks, was sickness of two after passed a away had miles. 16 Traveled proall the burial attended with buried. was The arrive nearly magnificent. wildly We After permit. that would circumstances the priety

3. yest. August day Tuesday, peak, the The opposite which in saw we wrapped the dressing body customary was the hot—

truly It house. its narrow to quilt consigned a halt and while the com. night before mor., been little sun has The 6 encamp. turned deeply sad sorrowed as we and we sick 2 days seemed taken nights tho'was Sis. Ewing the scorching thro'the day, who in quoted the lonely grave. Eliza from R. Snow,

are like Oct[ober]. I went to see Sis. ago, died. We turn'd down to the river Tullidge's Women of Mormondom, p. 334.

664 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PRIESTHOOD OBLIGATIONS

w/. /Klchardd Address delivered at the Saturday & afternoon session of the 114th

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE semiannual general confererence, October 2, 1943, in the Tabernacle Dear ForBrethren:some time I have anticiofingsthethathighestour Fatherand mosthas gloriousfor his faithfulblesspated this experience and with a children. A man may not attain to the

great deal of. anxiety. I have seen in goal of his existence, eternal life and

my mind a large congregation of intelexaltation, without himself bearing the covenant. They are living with their

ligent leading men of the church, men Melchizedek priesthood. He may not wives and rearing their children outside

holding the priesthood and important receive the endowments until he has of that covenant, having married their offices in the church, whom I would be first received the priesthood. Nor can wives for the duration of their mortal

expected to lead in intelligent and he have a wife sealed to him for time lives. Such men are in danger of losing

profitable thought in matters pertaining and eternity without his first having their wives, their children, and their to our eternal welfare. In thinking received the priesthood. These facts salvation. The Prophet Joseph Smith

what I might say that would be apmake the priesthood of equal imporhas left of record this statement that propriate I have thought that, as this tance with all these other ordinances of when God offers a man knowledge, or is a general conference of the priestthe gospel and with salvation itself. a blessing, and he rejects it, that man

hood of the church, I might speak on Every man that has received the Melis damned. We have here shown that

the importance of the priesthood in the chizedek priesthood has received the the priesthood is a blessing of the highgreat scheme of man's salvation with oath and covenant of the priesthood est type and degree, and the Lord ofthe hope that it might lead to greater which the Lord has revealed and which fers it unto the men of his church if faithfulness in magnifying the priestis recorded in the eightyfourth section they will qualify, through faithfulness, hood. of the Doctrine and Covenants by which to receive it. Our boys are taken when

Priesthood is power and authority of he covenants with the Lord that he will twelve years of age and are given an

God delegated to man to speak and magnify that priesthood. You and I, office in the Aaronic priesthood and

act for him in the work of salvation. all of us, have received that oath and ordained a deacon that they might asWe are all candidates for the blessing covenant, and the Lord on his part sist the church, that they might learn to

of eternal life and exaltation and have covenants to give to us all that he hath. appreciate and magnify the priesthood,

themselves might that prove they in beginning, the the end and been from this If priesthood bearing and by age the at and of advancement worthy I satisfied will nothwith sure be am we it the before Lord, magnifying we may if fifteen, worthy, been they of have glory, these fulness less ing of but than a eterall possesses, that Father our have ordination further entitled to a are they blessings to us without cannot come celestial life in the exaltation nal and teacher, that of to that a in priesthood It matters the priesthood. of exercise inoffer as he can kingdom, what more

as a experience of after years and two faith have, not how much may we how for magnifying and reward ducement entitled are they at teacher, seventeen enter repentance, sincere can our we priesthood? the

priest. of a the ordination receive to conthe only baptism and by kingdom

if the years, nineteen at then, boy And to firmation, ordinances these have and offices these important "Drethren, line all the along himself has proved priesthood. the This administered be by *-* that of the out hold which grow we is entitled to faithful, he true to and be in priesthood the par really places on a priesthood, afford to opportunity us an in the elder of Melordination an the the in our membership with importance

I the priesthood. that magnify say may lies priesthood. a great Here chizedek fully ask, apmight church. do we We offices, these magnify when we we resting responsibility, of upon one many in church, the preciate membership our if fail the priesthood, magnify and we that see this to church, in bishopric the priestfully the appreciate and do we offices to these magnify achave we allowed neglected and that not be boy of ordinances other are There hood? fail priestthe cepted, to magnify we twentyone than to to be more on go rethat must importance supreme we hood. the his having without of age years life if eternal obtain ceive would we

and exaltation, for example, the endowThere are in the church today, acprivilege of receiving the Melchizedek ments as ministered in the house of the cording to statistics, something like priesthood and its attendant blessings.

Lord. In these endowments we are inthirty-five thousand men over twentyformed that they are to prepare us to one years of age who hold some office 'T'here is another class of people in

enter the celestial kingdom. There we in the Aaronic priesthood who have * this church. We have no statistics,

receive knowledge and information never received the Melchizedek priestso far as I know, to determine how which with faithfulness on our part are hood. Some of these men may have many, but I am sure a great many who

intended to admit us into the kingdom, become disgruntled over some little have gone a little farther than these knowledge that is received from no thing that might be overcome if we adult members of the Aaronic priestother source and without which we would take up a labor with them, inquire hood in that they have received the may never enter the celestial kingdom. into their feelings, manifest a little love Melchizedek priesthood. They have

Those ordinances are administered in toward them and an interest in their been privileged to go to the temple and the power and authority of the holy eternal welfare. get their endowments and have a wife

priesthood. Do we see the importance Some seem never to have appreciated sealed to them and then they have negof the priesthood which we have rethe gospel which they have received. lected all their religious duties and received? They have gone as far as they care to sponsibilities, disregarded their vows

There are other blessings—the new go, apparently, lying down on the job. and covenants that they have entered

and everlasting covenant of marriage, This we do know, that these men never into in a most sacred way and in sacred administered by the authority of the having received the Melchizedek priestplaces, and seem to have no interest in holy priesthood entitling faithful men hood, have not received their endowtheir religion. The wives of these men,

and women to receive that covenant, ments. They have not been married notwithstanding they have been sealed

and if they are true and faithful, to some according to the new and everlasting {Concluded on page 708)

NOVEMBER/1943 665 aJ VISIONS Of DREAMS

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Sunday truth which have been revealed for our ram Page, and Mrs. Hubble, and others,

morning session of the 114th guidance. We have certain standards was not of the Lord.

semiannual general conferwhich have been accepted and by which In that revelation, which was given ence, October 3, 1943, we are to be governed. in February, 1831, the Lord said this:

in the Tabernacle If I should say something which is church, elders and ye of my O hearken, is that to contrary in written the which

I give to the ear shall speak which words of the standard church, acworks and you. unto

cepted by the authorities of the church For behold, verily, verily, I say unto

Believe not every spirit, but try the spirits and approved by the church generally, you, that ye have received a commandment whether they are of God: because many no one is under any obligation to accept for a law unto my church, through him

false prophets are gone out into the world. it. Everything that I say and everything whom I have appointed unto you to re-

(I John 4:1.) that any other person says must square ceive commandments and revelations from

hand. my itself that rethe with has which Lord

I this shall since ye weeks has been know only a few And assuredly—that it vealed, rejected. or should be

to is other there appointed unto none you at stake confer- a approached was IT said, after charity, Paul "Follow and revelations unreceive and commandments said brother a ence good by who gifts, til if spiritual desire in rather that taken, abide he but he me. ye be there hadthere gentleman a who was

I that verily, verily, you, unto say But (I 14:1. ) prophesy."Cor. Well, may that he important messagea very gift this shall else appointed unto be none is this counsel good; very but do we I present to me, to would andwished if it it for taken him; be through except be gift the understand Paul meant what by the interview. giveplease an him So except shall power have not he from him the of prophecy? angel appeared When his in stead. to arranged. This appoint anotherinterview man was

Isle the to of he Patmos, and on John shall this that a be unto law visited you, one And thatstated he been by had fell in glory, before appeared him John inot receive that the teachings of ye any disciples, he the three and Nephiteof his knees and upon worwas about to shall as revelations or before come you story. After fantastictold a very me ship him, said but to the messenger commandments; finit until patientlylistening to he had

this I that give unto you And you may John: a "If to have him,ished, I said had you that deceived, not be they you may know

vision or manifestation, it is your duty See thou do it not: I am thy fellowservare not of me.

to keep it. to yourself; it is not for the ant, and of thy brethren that have the For verily I say unto you, that he that is

church, and I advise you not to repeat testimony of Jesus: worship God: for the ordained of me shall come in at the gate

it."I hardly think that was the counsel testimony of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy. and be ordained as I have told you before,

he was seeking. (Rev. 19:10.) to teach those revelations which you have

shall receive received him through and past, months In the I have refew appointed. C. 43:1-7.) whom I have (D. & communications ofceived; a number HPhe Prophet Joseph Smith has said

from various parts of the church, from A that every member of the, church This ought to be clear enough for us good, honestthinking people who have should be a prophet, meaning, of course, all. If the Lord has a revelation or a

made inquiry regarding some purported that he should have that testimony of commandment to give to his people, it visions and dreams which are being Jesus and keep himself in perfect accord is going to come from the head, and circulated in all parts of the church. with the Spirit of the Lord so that he when someone else comes among the

These inquirers wish to know what my could recognize truth and the Lord people professing to have revelations judgment is concerning these purported could reveal the truth to him, so that and to give commandments we can test certainvisions. had have also it. inhe might We comprehend Every readily. in that re man matter very do not W our travelingdividuals around among revthe receive to church has the right details or an to go into have make any

people, prevailing on some of the bishelation for his own guidance, but not extended examination of the claims, ops to let them hold meetings where for the guidance of the church. Back in there is no need of any investigation

they could relate to the people their rethe very beginning, when the church whatever, because the Lord has given markable experiences which they claim was only a few months old in this disus the key as a law to the church by to have had. They have on their own pensation, certain individuals arose which we are to be governed.

and meetings cottage heldresponsibility claiming to manifestations have had and again, in another revelation Now, been have people,invited some the and visions for the church, they and given led which later, in time was a short listen to thesefoolish and to go enough the astray. of some There members the this: 1831, said March, Lord told.stories as been they have the a of Hubble was by name woman

Now, I think it is wrong for any bishwho claimed to have revelations, and But ye are commanded in all things to op or anyone else to invite these people some of the members of the church ask of God, who giveth liberally; and that

testifies the Spirit unto so even you her. listened to the eight of profess witwhich to have had a dream or a Onewho

that all in holiness should I would ye do nesses ofvision, the of of manifestation, kind Book Mormon, or some Hiram heart, of walking uprightly before conme, into a meetinghouse, or even into the Page, began to have manifestations, sidering the end of your salvation, doing homes and gather the people in to listen and he was able to have influence over all things with prayer and thanksgiving, to these presentations. In my judgment others. He persuaded some of the that ye may not be seduced by evil spirits,

it is contrary to the teachings of the Whitmers and even Oliver Cowdery, or doctrines of devils, or the commandments church. When John said, "Believe not to accept the things that he proclaimd. of men; for some are of men, and others

every spirit, but try the spirits,"he did The result of this was that the Lord had of devils.

lest deceived; Wherefore, beware ye are all correcting give a revelation time tonot should spend our mean that we of and deceived not that ye be seek ye may this cororaccepting sort of encouraging thing, but before every wind it was gifts, earnestly the best always rememberof doctrine, but that we should prove rected the Prophet had a difficult time ing for what they are given;

every doctrine by the revelations of to get some of his brethren to underFor verily I say unto you, they are given the Lord; by those principles of eternal stand that what had been given by Hi- (Concluded on page 719)

666 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Address delivered at the Sunday morning session of the 114th semiannual general conferASSIGNMENT ence, October 3, 1943, in the Tabernacle TO YOUTH

terms of devotion to a cause, expenditure of available time and means, and 5u Stephen oL /Kickardd proportionate numbers of the whole group engaged, has few, if any, counterOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE parts in all history. What these young

missionaries have accomplished in bearing God's word to the world would require volumes in the telling, and the apin efforts their preciation the joy of there ice. revelation divine limited like time the Through use to would of to hearts the brought men, they have

specific for order duties this each have at conference come to available me is children the world over and women, entail duties these of priesthood a and the to youth a message broadcast toI of to a nature be depth never a and devotion, discernment, wisdom and a LatterChrist of of Jesus theo Church told. thousands Thousands upon who far that well of might more men become are people Saints. young Theseday their unselfish beneficiaries the are of

not with us in our meetings. Restricmature years. So that the priesthood Christlike ministry rise up all over the

are duties within the church of boys necessitraveltions and other war on blessed, generato land and call them trivial; call for they not promote attendance, and theirties only prevent not will tions to look back them upon come

fully the manliness; they support functioning and the also hinderedbut have of the hapsource as the enduring most

of the several organizations of the premise that the youth can make large piness they will ever know, church which are devoted principally to contributions to the support of the work the care and education of the youth. of God. T cite these things in the hope of makconfer- general years noFor two now in friends A ing the church young my "Phe organizapeoples'theences of young to the conscious of they part have

these groups held andtions been have latterthis great in of the A withhistorysuchof contributions.the church is repleteThe moreplay work

to opportunities limited fourteen but Prophet but Joseph when was hadhave that fact cognizant days. the of I am

first vision the capacities. received heavenly in stake he them I wantmeet not are military of the age young men

initiated of that the the restored not they have whichto however, work know, as for service available church now is gospel. rethat seventeen the church he forgotten wasbeen when and He I be. adotherwise they must would

revelation the of the ardently devoted ceived coming most as alwaysnow forth of advancement.to their welfare and the Book of Mormon. He was dresspreinductionmy remarksagechieflyand toto thetheboysgirls.of

I believe it is safe to say that no twentyone when he was given the These constitute a large group in the plates for translation, and he had notorganization more has ample ever made church, and to them I would like to long passed birthday his twentyfourth for the care provisionand adequate appeal. a special make

reto the caused organized he be when rethe than has of training youthand

I necessity the of also acknowledge its instored church with marvelous its orChrist. Since ofstored Church fullest contribupossible the making stitutions great a sizable part of the and it very major has aganization devoted

effort country's to tion the the and war printheological of doctrine body and its all efforts the to educaofportion service. only impelled, are not by We ciple that scrutiny has the undergone in children of thetion development and of the circumstances, sense our but by disof century without a than more church. the school, the andhome, And obligation other our to boys and own in single covering error the funda- a it almost unprovidednot has only fighting battles to the country's are who only lived mentals he announced. He their for opportunities eduparalleled

fullest cooperapossible the give them the after years fourteen church was it also placed has youthcation upon but in in tion support which every and way at died age organized young and an if seldom,responsibilities that have it is while possible help to them. But within to included have been enough to of peopleever, comparyoung come

it is is this probably a good and war milidraft for the present of young men in part, about, has age.able This come time, adas "to suggested, has someone service. tary of the organization unique thethrough

it is politics,"journ to "adtime no the unipart, in in through church, and, Prophet's associates beginning The religion. definite journ"a obhave We its thatversal concept membership of the of the with but were, church work the ligation soldiers bear to our who

alike, seold Brigexceptions, young and everyone, men. young very few who terrific to this of prehelp ordeal brunt

cures a knowledge and testimony of the ham Young, John Taylor, Wilford serve the worthwhile things for which gospel thereby becomes restored and Lorenzo a poWoodruff, Snow, who morality, bethey are and fighting—liberty, for dissemination the tential missionary presidents church, of the assumed came justice, try to to the country and make

lives. responsibilities in their early mankind. to all of the truth very sacrifice their world and and the worth

Another most unusual circumstance George A. Smith, grandfather of our effort.

supporting this concept is that all the present president of the twelve, was I don't need to argue with you, young only ordained twentytwo when he was almost withchurch,young men of the that the church, of the and men women to the apostleship, and our beloved ordained to out exception, been have religion is essential Christ true of Jesus at President priesthood. Beginning the holy the Grant was not yet twentyto which kind of world make the

six. of age, all years twelve boys of good thoughtful, highprincipled young men

moral standing pass through three The missionary work of the church of the church and of America are fightgradations or offices of the priesthood has been carried on principally by ing to establish. You know that they

by the time they reach the age of nineyoung people. For many years the avwant to come back to a decent society

teen, and before they reach their majorerage age of missionaries did not exthat has not been ruined by crime and ity nearly all of the young men of the ceed nineteen, and latterly it has scarcemoral perversion. You know that they

church come to hold the higher or Melly been above twenty until the war want to come back to sweethearts and chizedek priesthood, which is the made impossible the sending of more girls yet to be sweethearts who are priesthood after the order of the Son young men. The missionary labors of worthy of their fidelity and devotion,

of God. It is needless to say that these the young people of the church are too and worthy to be true mothers in countoffices of priesthood bring to the boys well known to require much comment. less homes yet to be established, and

obligations and opportunities for serv- I believe that their work measured in (Continued on page 716)

NOVEMBER, 1943 667 STAKE MISSIONARY WORK

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

at the the delivered last of Friday Officials Address to message Son Jesus Appeal session 114th into his ascension afternoon beforeT:ieof of the God

stake I appeal to you presidents and all the general into semiannual conferwas, ye heaven "Go world, and preach the gospel to every ence, October 1, 1943, bishops and to your counselors also to creature."(Mark 16:15.) Carrying in the Tabernacle select as stake missionaries men and

out this great and important injunction women who have strong personalities, persistence, pleasant a thorough knowlof Prince is theproclaimed him by who the gospel, the fire edge of of a and of kings of and Lord KingPeace, the

I in souls. their burning testimony And this, his is of business thelords prime told that sionaries they are whenever to these to not strong take appeal you Christ. of Jesus thechurch, Church mis- a they an have enemy made make the seventies characters of out quorums the while, world whole because And is gentleness of take. gospel a Ours force of stake missionary or out your at continueis present cannot at war, we peace. love workers These and and giving careful considerawithout most I abroad, gospel messageto carry our argue, instructed to with but a not are tion effect will to the such changes have at that the report home to glad workam discuss, to heart prayerful humble and this activity the important of most on isin forward going missions stake our interested, the are those with only who church. the sucefficiency increasing and everwith living. righteous of fundamentals By

I illustrate will examples whatcess. Two efforts faiththeir others, these teach to selecting little missionaries as those by missions, mean a more These now fortify ful strengthen workers and

filled faith, able, are are with in operatold, six years who who werethan good in their ideals high themselves and own intensely the are to misdevoted foreign and our condition whoing before standards. earnest constant and The

is work. closed. This tosions be work had virtues impresses of Christian teaching

first direction the of the underdone the value the importance and them upon Missionary Great A in accordance of thecouncil seventy ideals the in living with conformity of instructions that of the modernwith church. high active the of standards greatly extremely and and The An says:revelation which real in spirituality told of that patriarch enjoyed as degree loved when me

The Seventy are to act in the name of missionary work brings into the hearts a young man he thought his time was the Lord, under the direction of the Twelve of the missionaries a reassuring knowltoo valuable and himself too busy to... in building up the church and regulatedge, testimony, and certainty concerngo into the mission field, at a time in

ing all the affairs of the same.... (D. & ing the restored gospel message which his life when he did not have enough of

C. 107:34.) only the light and inspiration of heaven the unselfish gospel spirit to make the

Two Tasks can bestow. necessary contribution of his time and

in the gospel to carry order his money and are humble men Our missionaries to our assigned tasks have been Two his to into others, there message came instances they rare Except in acwomen. bring into missionaries:stake To

tivity those church members who are inare not trained theological scholars. life a great missionary.

active, and to carry the gospel message Their conduct, their ideals, and their While thus living a more or less selto those who are not members of the standards of living may in many infish life, he said he was sitting on the church. You church officials will be stances be as effective as factors of porch of his mother's home in southern

glad to know that this stake missionary conversion as are the words which they Utah when out of the dusk and the dust system, in these six years, has brought speak. of those early pioneer days came a

more than twentyfour thousand inacteam and oneseated buggy and stopped tive church members into church acMust Endure Forever in front of that home. Out of the buggy

tivity. This means an average of four stepped a member of the council of the

thousand per year, more than three The simple, straightforward manner twelve. After instructing the driver to

hundred per month, or ten persons per in which they live, teach and preach, find feed for the horses and to be back day. And in addition it has brought into you must admit, is the method of Christ at five a.m. to continue the journey, this

the church by conversion and baptism himself. And the gospel we teach today member of the council of the twelve

more than thirteen thousand, an averis also the same gospel that Christ took a seat on that porch by the side of age of more than two thousand per himself taught. The message has not the young man and began to name reayear or nearly two hundred per month. changed. Being the truth, it cannot son after reason why this able young

And these happy results have not change; it will, it must, endure forever. fellow should make the necessary sacbeen accomplished without genuine misHowever great the joy and the satisrifices in time and in money in order to

sionary effort. About eight thousand faction which come into the souls of make it possible for him to go into the

missionaries have held more than fifty those who are converted, and into the mission field. Reason after reason was

thousand cottage meetings, they have souls of those who are brought into given, appeal after appeal was made to distributed thirtynine thousand volchurch activity, these are not greater the young man as the hours of the night umes of the standard works of the than is the joy that fills the hearts of sped on. Ten o'clock came and eleven,

church, and they have spent one and the missionaries themselves, for, as the and the determined preacher of the gosone-half million hours in this unselfish good book, the Bible, says, they have pel continued his labor. One o'clock

missionary labor. Thus you see our burning within themselves that "peace came and two and three, and four, and

neighbors in the stakes and wards of of God which passeth all understandfinally five, and this mighty converter: 7. of men, without having moved his hatthe church are opening their doors and ing."( Philippians 4

their hearts to hear the gospel message The aim of the missionaries is to or his shoes, told the young man goodwe have to present. teach their neighbors the great plan of bye, walked out to his buggy, and drove

salvation and the restored gospel, the away. The persistence, the faith, the

To Make Friends sacredness of human personality, and testimony, and the pleading of this great

Our aim is to make friends. Our misthe brotherhood of man. (Concluded on page 703)

668 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE NATURE PEACE

delivered at the Address Sunday 114th Dw sfokn /r. vVidfaoe the session afternoon of

general semiannual conferOF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE ence, October 3, 1943, in the Tabernacle

been hearts have in honest batwho human are for victory toward thosewho: I it brethren dear hold a great

in righteousness. tested drilled principles. tling and righteous for privilege to to allowed bear be

it Is asked, question be may The are speaking about Therefore, men this truth witness the of of workMy to be individual for possible really any is after to going peace, happen and what leadershipto the priesthood assembled

Is peace? say, shall by vanquished, we articles being are the war. and Books Iof the to testimony church. bear you so to individuals it be possible for such is of written there published, deluge a is thisthat of the established God, work the of to as in make number, multiplied setting propositions material and up the instrumentality of through himby place. dwelling peaceful earth a happy, relative disposition the of to proposalsthe Smith. Prophet Joseph the to give which answer we The all affairs all after and mankind human I in testimony early This found my to, if is but conform that a world man is over. the war Ityouth. ceras has with remained me

if law, eternal with, in he be harmony

I I alltain these years. toto brethren to have knowledge here say want my is his. simple will a That be peace

I quite asdiscovered, have, at that begin these the proposals you day am refers mind, to body, formula which fail.sure, testithe all a will such that end, which method by they and wrong If I spirit, neighbors. to our and and alive, is blossoming, kept earth to be estabPeace notmony upon be may of the physical the body laws obey

is; life. inuseful lished formula Parliament, or Congress or The human by

I If will mine. physical obey be peace

day,,simple: the gospel international a every of repreLive group by

I shall he%lth, be mental the of laws it it, is regularly; sentatives.practice thing not that study and a Peace do

I If spiritthe at peace. mentally obey

let affairs that of the the on, off dealnot again, taken taken then can be day shall: I given, ual has laws which God livof is thewith piece our clothing. temporal as making a of do Peace we the peace. find likewise highest peace,

thating to pertain aside different matters that. quite cancrowd from Peace

I I If love neighbors, as love even my If this It legislated use is gospel.the formula our existence. into not be we

all myself the and God, and men do my will increasingly lasting totestimony the not become peace upon way will there complete social be same, incertain, will will earth. grow, That, expand here underevery man obedience peace. yielded; can be Such stands. comprehension. andmeaning

It be such can has harmony won. been

I these of conference days During tried the himself Savior Remember, it again. can men; be done done by

all feast enjoyed, of with you,have a that us, point to for out to he when lies at with the Such law harmony a things. the days Duringof good his disciples said, to spoke "Peace and the of foundation of problem our reintothought has mind come my I I give you, unto leave with peace for searching in reaching out and peace outpeatedly has any and crowded as added, the you,"he world "Not troubled world. our

I for thatpreparation have made may I giveth, give unto you."

is Itthis ancient theme, occasion. an 'T'here be here some have may who is within; Peace from comes peace

at several speakerstouched upon by tried to a tithing part of the pay due if I myself, truly peaceful a man. am

If willthis help the conference. Lord the in Lord. their peace remained Has essence of the very must be The me

it I like to discuss withme, should you hearts? ourselves! Ask There may spirit of peace. Individuals up make

briefly. like those, soldier be the mentioned by the the old community, and nation—an is gospeace. of church This a The this Brother morning, Lee have who doctrine, often enough overwhich we is gospel thepel Christ of a Jesus Lord taught the been of and Wisdom, Word the to build a only way look—and the the church, ofof peace. head The it. failed to have keep not There was is peaceful build to community and men in of Christ, spoken was JesusLord in the peace heart of soldier our brother are lovers of and makers women who as the address,Brother McKay's in lay he dire when and wounded need individual, peace. that docEach by

If conthe of studyPrince Peace. we is divine of help. in not There peace trine his Christ of church, holds and

its its principles, the church,ditions of hearts our disobey the law. when we in his the of the world. hands peace own

it, shall all pertains topractices, that we to the Conformity alone brings law responsible for makes the That me allfind that one converge upon they peace. of the inpeace world, and makes you of establishmentgreat But, before can objective—the must obey we we dividually responsible for the of peace chilthe earth andpeace upon among the and understand law. know Thereby the responsibility world. cannot The is the objective of men.dren That it tale is a that hangs long so impossible shifted It else. to be cannot someone to beginning the of dateswhich back it to in discuss the at minutes few my the placed be shoulders of upon Contime.mortal disposal. lost has Peace been because gress or Parliament, oror other any of appears peace matter This and the lost has the world of knowledge of ganization with governing men It scriptures. in thereappears was it, truth, divine or has misknowing authority. yesterday,Brother Kirkham, who it. understood

if I did not I wonder have the the Lord Savior: with leave "Peacequoted For example, to God, needs be who

...... that he said: in mind you. when I give unto peaceyou, my first, has into been "the known made an

(John 14:27.) kingdom of God is within you,"(Luke ethereal essence, filling space, which, as

17:21), or perhaps we should reem- the Father of men, is incomprehensible

in world's this particular the time phasize it and At the It say: "The kingdom of to is folly mind. to human look"history, to is within you."say much about God we have for peace the among men deeper when

devil time haspeace. for some The realities of existence are not underin that this our problems T believe his given over dominion amplebeen day stood. are ill at ease not Men do who * are in respects and age the some most nevthat there understand, butown; we truths these correctly, comprehend and

er was a time when the hand of the terrible in the whole history of the are prone to warfare. Only as the

Lord was wholly withdrawn from huworld, and the most difficult to undertruths of existence are found and acman affairs. Apparently the tide of stand. Yet we know that peace and all cepted will peace prevail on earth.

battle is now being turned by the Lord that pertains to it must come from with- (Continued on page 725)

NOVEMBER, 1943 669 BAPTISTE J)w of vSwd lA/cowianBy ANN WOODBURY HAFEN

Part I "Baptiste! Back at last, my son!"window. For a moment he gazed at

As the delighted man strode across the ochre waters of the Mississippi rollTwosea. mightyThe riversFatherof-Waters,rolled to a distantthe theclaspedroom,slenderand strongbrown freckledones withhandsa ing"Iby.expect much good to come from

Indians called the clear Mississippi warmth that sent blood racing through you, Baptiste. You, with the blood

from the north. The Motherof-Wathe tall thin youth in the doorway, of the red man and the white."His

ters, the Big Muddy, they called the Clark exclaimed: voice spoke steadily. "As the prince

Missouri speeding its clay and sand "How you've grown! These years in says, across the waters you will learn

from the wild plains of the northwest. the wilds have pretty near made a man many things. But you will teach more.

Where they met was a troubled minof you, a first class scout, I wager."Your good heart and quick mind will

gling of colors and of currents. The eyes of Baptiste were shining as promote understanding for your peoLike the waters, the blood of Baptiste they met the studied gaze of his ple. You will show the world what

Charbonneau was of two streams. guardian. an Indian can become if given a chance.

Sacajawea, Shoshone Bird Woman, "Father, across the far waters I go We shall feel great pride in the son was his mother. Toussaint Charbonwith a prince!"of Bird Woman."

neau, FrenchCanadian guide of the "A prince?"Upon the youth's shoulder the genLewis and Clark expedition, was his "Prince Paul—his name. To him you eral placed a lingering hand. To Bapfather. gave passport to the Indian country. tiste, quivering with the promise of new

a as life the touch adventure, was father?"and remember, not you Do in 1823, day October a windy On

... benediction. from WurttemGerman young "The jourof the a end nearingBaptiste was

last to spring traveled west berg, who St. Louis to Big the Muddyney down of William the always hand good interior?"the study Dut his eighteen During boat. riverin a ** Baptiste. In the village over on to been our had Clark came "Yes. He sweated had he times various atyears

togreat northern fort the at hunting Clark's went own days we Kaw. Many river. roily in the this turn masterto

to Baptiste Missouri, take the to was of me gether. bend wants now He buckskin spotless in new a today,But

born. Water. You the Great over his home whitmother had his Indiansuit which

I learn of historic exploratheir to journey father, always, said am have On imjourney, the for quilled andened seeking great into Northwest, the tion to speak."languages many perspiring thepatiently watched he

Pacific, Baptiste. and to Clark the do, waterway must a you "That's what currents. the against maneuvercrew interex- their of with band guide best Lewis and Captain west's the Become strong, fell that on hair heavyHis this in the Misplorers boated breeds up had muddy hundred preter. a With crisp in the glistened shoulders,square the until the they reached souri train to Mandan land, know must men new blackbird's like a sunshineautumn for villages. they stopped understandIndian Here get never we'll or lingoeswing. Cotfort of built triangular winter, a peace."ing and adventure overseas marvelous Such I interpreter logs, hired can an in and tonwood says Europe Paul "Prince white if his only of himlay ahead Indians. This tongues. the from guide use to right among many learn the way Indian the of Clark Generalguardian, trapper, father?"named FrenchCanadian for wily me, glad not you Are approve. would the West, of Affairs married son! and bought for Ever had Charbonneau, you, great "Great, my

Soon the familiar limestone bluffs of since our hard days of travel to the an Indian girl called Sacajawea, or

St. Louis were in sight, with the old Pacific, when you were my little dancBird Woman, who had been stolen

Spanish fortress overlooking the river. ing boy, Baptiste, I have dreamed that from her Shoshone people some five

And soon Baptiste's eager moccasins you should be interpreter for our counyears before. Since the explorers were

were racing up the rocky road from cils. But that may take long years to go through the unfamiliar lands of

narthe through Inthis mooring, on riverthe the the sea—across Shoshone-—Snake—people, section French old the of service a streets as of could dian be womanrow strangesee to a Baptiste looked

stone little white past of the lands the through town, guide Rock of the faraway in his guardian's ness up eyes—a rusand verandas friendly with Mountains.houses all Prince that visioning look. he Was an of grace the bitfor gardens. the explorers waited the With set As see Baphe promised? Did Paul had

steps stone the up interpreter to pass, Charbonwinter bounded ter he antelope castles? baronial tiste ancient walking

in the lived his the handsomest to leading wife young neau and Indian eighteenyear-old this boy fort. of eleventh the American man's the new On as white Clark opportunities which St. Louis—-themansionhomeof Wasto have commissionClark, of in that winter 1805 William February, of when General

45 the West. Affairs of below sank to Indian supply—travel, the thermometer of er Down study,guardianculture?never could

door first wideopen the to lusty his Baptiste zero, veranda baby long gave the counprince says the "Father, many and raced he his cry. eyes opened Council round Room the brown Then of Indian their the to will tries doors open the sat within. There firelight at dancing the blinked looked breathless and far the of For America. wilds the from strongin to big the logs the burning come from huge had he man see—the I buffalo to Shoshone dance can people to but to some, Chief fireplace. rock willed Redhead

I flute the of songs. meadowcan be kindest the man chile sure Clark punwas This Baptiste, some "Ho! am coyof the wail owl, of lark, and hoot heart. Indian the grinning said darky, kins!"the York, read that ever

I Indian mother's sing ote. can my soft deerskin a as around he wrapped Clark!""Father trap creation, stories of show how we

till Indian wait baby. the "Jes'plump ceased. quill of a A tall fur the movement for to pleus The beaver make this sees redhead head Clark Cap'n my inquiringly raised head red, bushy hats!"

it hair. of he wish black was Won't reports. Indian laborious from yes!""Yes, his'n!"

see, father! blast to then then a opened and so much the door Just To "And hisdramatist, and poet, Hafen, Woodbury *Ann

Quenched the of volume author student, ocean, torical the great houses ride winter Clark of on storm Captain swept recent the "the of is coauthor and Poemsis Other Fire and into the cheery room. had he For days People. to—State and the Story of Colorado, A

resides -nowits Hafen Mrs. City, Lake Salt of into eager the other smiled native hunting the out with Clark been General men bookA

Colorado's of is wife She Colorado. Denver, in fine to the for brought antelope turned eyes, walked then had and back and Hafen. R. Dr. LeRoy Historian, State

670 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA their in eyes. them To impress

stories. he queer upTHE STORY OF THE WEST'S MOST FAMOUS hewondermade He said

was once a wild animal running in the in that he a cage woods; was caught

roll his white men. he would ThenINDIAN GUIDE AND INTERPRETER by

eyes and growl and show his strong white teeth. Baptiste would laugh in

baby delight at this, though grownup

Indians slunk away, frightened.

roasting, as well as nice skins to be Light leaped into Sacajawea's eyes Then on holidays or on evenings made into a cradle and wrappings for at the words of her man. "You will after the work was done, York would

the new baby. When he had admired maybe take me to the land of my Shodance in true darky style. His big feet

the beady black eyes and tousled hair shone people? Sacajawea will make would clump the board floors with the

of the little fellow he called to his meat, set lodge!"rattat-tat of a drum, and the Indians

servant, York: "We see what the captain say,"would marvel that this giant could be

"Make some good shank soup for the was the curt response of her Frenchlithe as a maiden.

baby's mother, and fix her some of Canadian who was to serve as guide With the passing of the Cold Moon, those dried apples. Poor thing, she and interpreter for the white explorers and the awakening days of the Worm

bigger doesn't than on their upriver journey. he is."seem much worms began to crawl Moon—when tired Sacajawea's eyes looked up from the thawing

zero weather passed and warm gratefully A s at the kind captain. Proudly sun tions for the spring ground—preparadeparture were *"* the little stockade, shone down on she whispered: hastened.

"My baby—she is boy!"Baptiste's mother took him outside the The two pirogues were pried from

hut. There, mudplastered fenced crude smiled. Clark CharbonCaptain Old river, the in ice the patched and were

pickets, in her high she with and baby this son. to ought of neau proud be in travel. for condition put and Some white the blacksmiths watched hamthis red, half half white, Perhaps boy, of the island upstream went to an men

that in axes mering red out glowed to understand'could promote do much big the of timber cottonsturdy and made air. frosty the roar the of heard They ing races; the peace and between two canoes. floated they These wood down

bellows. big medicine. This She was Charmore? needed But and was what river, the ice great dodging blocks of

village the from squaws who dog. a queer been greeted bonneau had was He that in bobbed around the muddy

for of to trade the with bags corn came civilization. years too from many away stream. six calked canoes were The

steel for so sharp axes chopping good right, raised If the to some be boy was with tallow leaks. to ashes prevent and

white man of education would need to firewood. True, the green cottonwoods Sails were made for all the boats.

lend a hand. from the river banks were not hard to

the All belongings out were brought cut, the dry but tough driftwood the in was then there a clumping Just was the from huts in the dried and were elkskin. as loft Lazily overhead. Charbonneau,

sunshine. spring the Anxiously capthe the lazy indoor Through days his father, Baptiste's from came down tains for the watched river clear of to to attentive the negro, York, was loft baby in hut. of of the the robes bed He ice that the journey begin. might When let the Fort of Mandan. young into his the ashes pipe He knocked from ducks flying appeared overhead, northhis fingers hair. clutch Visiting fireplace, wooly of another dose and smeared

the packing began. keel big The first sight Indians at of ward, were amazed his oil of spots bear the skinned on that boat the brought party the to up this hair with buffalo huge and frosted face. man of the event a Even new

last fall St. to return to Mandans was off. that paint black not would rub his They scarcely son could rouse from him Louis reports, loaded written with with their friends to the brought see strange of bed, for wearied he days by was

life, specimens of wild with Indian and man. black the white enjoyed in York weather. hunting zero hard Warmed for the presiStates United goods—all fed, looked however, with more and he dent this sponsoring was journey who Baptiste. "That's do, you must Ever what since the favor baby. yawning on

I little hoy, dancing have you were dreamed that my it of exploration. letToo, must carry

feller, interpreter should for "Leetle councils. strong he our you and grow a With you ters to folks the back scattered home in breeds land, train this hundred to men must know I jourfor the big take maybeso you we'll lingoes never the or get understanding and all the from Virginia and way Kentucky

peace.''nee!"

St. to Louis, for here last the was

chance for the soldiers to communicate with their loved ones.

The red pirogue for the upriver journey was brightened with fresh oil.

In it were stored the precious instruments, the medicines, the important papers, and the choicest foodstuffs.

Here the two captains, Lewis and

Clark, were to ride. With them went

the three men of the party who could not swim, among whom was Charbonneau, the interpreter. His wife and child

rode with him.

The rest of the goods were parcelled with a little of everything in each of the seven boats, so that should one canoe go down, no precious provisions would be completely lost. All set, the

white pirogue and the six canoes were heavily loaded. Here must be provisions for thirtyone people for a year

ahead, maybe longer—none could say,

for no white man had yet explored this westward trail. The two thousand

miles of strange lands stretching ahead to the distant ocean beckoned to the eager band of explorers.

(Continued on page 696)

PRECEPT aJ EXAMPLE

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Brethren, we were informed that Address delivered at the Saturday think, and the questioner is not satisthese meetings, except this one, evening session of the 114th fied. He then asks another missionary

would be on the air, so I prepared semiannual general conferand still another elder. But he is not

accordingly. But since this meeting is erence, October 2, 1943, satisfied with the answers because they

off the air I shall speak extemporaneousin the Tabernacle do not agree. So he comes to the conly rather than from notes prepared on clusion, "None of you know what, you

another topic. are talking about,"and instead of hav-

A number of thoughts have passed ing his faith developed in the fundathrough my mind during the sessions of mentals and essentials of our religion, is us. cooled towardthis conference. three are or There two to he opportunity and had whenever we

I believer advocate strong a and amof like that I to them would speak that teachers, delivered contact our we classin that the our admonition ofabout, extemporaneously. They also, lessons have message. in our we And

been suggested by things that were said tried to confine them to those things that work, in our quorums, in our Sunday here. When I attend a conference out were fundamental, those things that are Schools, in our M.I.A. classes, and in

in the stakes, and am the senior authornecessary for us to understand while all other gospel teaching classes, we ity, I always ask to speak last; then I here, in order that we may properly confine our teachings to the essential

do not have to think about what I am govern our lives to comply with the things, the things that we understand, going to say, because there have been commandments of the Lord, as they efbecause the Lord has revealed them, so many good things and so many infect us, both in our faith and in our either in our standard works, or through spiring things said, that all I need to do daily conduct. the mouths of the first presidency of

is to say amen to what has preceded, I have carried that message ever this church, so plainly and clearly that and perhaps proceed to elaborate a litsince, to all the teaching groups that I we can accept and understand them tle on some phase of what has gone have contacted, and to the missionaries alike. These things we may call fundathem But beyond when we getbefore.

getting are dangerous on I think we So I am doing that at this meeting. I inmissionariesthe field. engagedI never meetin anya groupreligiousof mentals.

can say a hearty amen to what has teaching without in some form or anground.

I inpreceded. the thought But have that other conveying to them. message brethren, we are NTow, is that called to our havemind had we said, Ivins President with respect to * long time. a long, We goingare notto bornliveattention gospel. teaching of the the I mysteries

this in die. state of our course to Of of thethink gospel the as teaching we

that as high our I know, even You know, shall long, but tarry existence weproclaim it goes under forward two priests'hairclasses to get the sometimes immortal. are are beyond. going we divisions, example.great notWe precept and insists that pulling his stage each because parentage, an immortal from came world. into the out We goOur missionaries is interright interpretation particular the

They represent both divisions. They pretation. The result is that by delving into and we shall continue on and on and

teach by precept, they teach by exthe realm of mysteries an immense amount on.

ample. of damage is done in this church all the In this connection, I remember someNow as to precept, I believe it is time. thing that President William R. Harper

extremely important to confine our I think I know something about the of the University of Chicago said at teaching to fundamentals. On this mattruth of that, because I have known one of the commencement exercises

ter may I say I am strongly influenced, cases where such has been true. It is though there they call them convocahave been influenced for a considerable something that has been, I think, a handtions—in the month of June, 1897. I

number of years, by the attitude of the icap to the development of our faith, do not know what led him to say it, but late President A. W. Ivins. When we and it is still a handicap. I remember that in effect he said:

said, should precept, he teach we by classes of course have many we Now, to to the Christian not I do want go that things to attention confine our are in the church. I a number have sit the of heaven. to not do around want We alone. mysteries fundamental and leave of classthrone grace with a organizations carry that on forward crown my head

asking And, on I sing praises forever Redeemer. and to my relates to our classwork what he would call a work, and that

said: mystery, to a sphere he continue where to go want I can principles, doctrines, our to our and to

in I can continue work, where to grow inmy inclined, greatly practices. I are of scripture; read passage a Suppose We intelliand understanding knowledge and brethren other read suppose suppose clined, brethren, to leave the fundayou my gence.

think are asked then what read it, and we weit; essential alone, things things, the mental

it means? I "brother, thought, lightly "Well,"you over or pass because them we

in is essentially not understanding If our to if the heaven."think to go into the of the want get realm Mormon we to the belongs that passage agreement,

to mysteries an opportunity have we are yes, a going to live Well, it we leave should mysteries. of the realm We

intelliexhibit of superior type some it time, things long long, of revealed the not the has and alone, Lord because many in sufficient clearness and detail that we all gence, or superior wisdom, or we have that we would like to know, we will understand it alike. a clearer insight than our brethren, and have an opportunity to learn, when we

first is. it the duty, therefore, it your is for privilege And entherefore us to a if willthis sphere, are pass beyond we

to it duty,.make, to your presidency you ask lighten these points brethren from our for to ing the conditions with comply of education, church system in that our see I points view, view. of of Well, those of course, are advancement. Now, we that rate, religion, at field of any the within

tell are missionaries, applicable the not to into going possession the not come left alone. mysteries be

in teaching the gospel to the world. of knowledge and greater wisdom and

admonithese give a question: asked to "Wliat does used am me effort. understanding without are He We

I office it?"of: in the mean? ComthisI tions do you interpret is was when How the not not made that way. That

missioner of Education. And I proceed, if I do as some of our way the Lord has planned. Yet we are

So in our meetings, in our circulars. people attempt to do, to tell what I {Continued on page 714)

672 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOURISHING the &V SPIRIT

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Saturday session 114th the afternoon of tion; but grateful not we are enough being Christ without Jesus to Lord a betgeneral semiannual conferthe Almighty. In the careful ter rearing of Jesus, he pleaded with man) and erence, 2, October 1943, children are building reto his we pain, a mighty his torhim. prayed Then in the Tabernacle public. his guilty ment, subsided, conscience

Alexander Cairns said that there was andfeelingintoofhispeacelife thereand lovecameandan joy.exquisite such a thing as "wasting our sorrows."

We have been deprived of some church

God of our fathers, known of old privileges, we think, because of this Tn the home a father's voice and counline, of battle farflung * our Lord sel, will the mother's be law more war. It seems that there in are wards Beneath awful hand whose we if effective they than given outside were hold Zion where Sunday evening meetings over pine palm Dominion and I the for plead greater home. par- a are dispensed with because of the inyet, of Hosts, Lord be with us God control, ental benevolent course, of conveniences caused shortage of by forget! Lest forget! Lest we we

gas, etc. persuasive, kind, and loving, because,

is along, call along, the come "Come gratified very you much I am In of each the such wards bishop will that If the are win."prohomesWiththat over the top went Utah in could at least have twenty or twentythis control, with parental vided with sale, that the nathe bond and five cottage meetings eveon Sabbath

reading the matter, with good magathetion oversubscribed government nings. This for provide would young

zines of the table placed the church on isloan. that patriotism not This shows rich spiritual old and In food. attending

girls the them, boys where read and can of the love that pleasure does anddead such meetings they in not be would to to that parents are say I want you sacrifice. spiritnot of the predominate places to stuff feed that on not does

to going heart, ease of have more much all should can he AmericanEvery do form character the qualidevelop nor

I less all concern. plead with much you frustrateto the of ambition wicked ties of true manhood and womanhood.

to see children are feedfood what your hell rule rather in thanthose would who these hold cottage would If we meeting upon. that Provide with them in Brethren,serve not heaven. must we ings praise the and in Lord worship

will nourishment which them make are out of yet theboast not woods. we song, and in there behold be would

faithful the church, of good members is in the of Jehovah, LordOur hope: in lives manifested the the of young

citizens great of society, members and fail us. will earth. not andheaven He people increased activity church and

this republic. of glorious that everything can doWith we God spirituality. is more

ifright; for us with be he can be who field In the mission young have men is the School Sunday most powagainst us? to Callis, said: "Brother come and me is the greatest spiritual auxerful—itThe the father, counsel words and I for of my attention turn your may Now, iliary in organization the church. Faforgotten before which I had on I came In matters. other to thea some moment thers mothers and well to would do go

to in of a mission, have times come me or paper, ago,morning Mr. a day two their children with to School. Sunday

distress, peril built and they have andBelliston, the indusof the head honey in that There, divinely institufounded try of this state, requested the people tion, the children are given proper spirme up and steadied me and made me a to sow clover in the barrow pits, and itual food to develop a nobility of charbetter missionary."

on the sides of the road, that the honeyacter, manhood, and womanhood which God help us all, my dear brethren, bees might be provided with the proper will endure forever. to see that our children are fed the

food and consequently make better words of God, to go with them to Sunhoney. This is excellent advice. Cometimes we think that in counselday School, for our faith is refreshed,

I was in Miami years ago. The pres- *-* ing our boys and girls, it is like renewed, stimulated by observing the

ident of the branch had several beepouring water on a duck's back. external ordinances of the gospel, such

things. the as holy other sacrament and I said,hives. "Brother have Newbeck, in the read of the Book Mormon We said, lot of now?"a honeyyou He I testimony, the bear youth you story of my Alma. the of sons and He

it "Is honey?""Yes."he "No,"good will to of example. respond Bid Zion going Mosiah trying to were around

is "itsaid, not."over "Look "Why?"fayou, with love go them, them you destroy the church. angel stopped An

I said. botbeheldyonder,"he a And thers. close to boys, be your Keep the them three way. by For days and

tling plant; scores boxes of there were associate with them, with chummy three nights suffered of pain the Alma

besyrup. bees with had Thecovered them. Mothers, daughters your make soul. a damned racked with was He flying into of lazy. Instead outcome feel their that friend best are on you hell. the pains of he prayWhile was

fields the extracting nectarthe from and earth to teach and conthem and come ing, in this while distress, this he was these lighted flowers,the they upon fide in you. for agony, to he seemed have touched

this consefed syrup;boxes and upon hell, the of fulfil all bottom he the help us to remembered righteous our God good. wasn't thequently honey much his father, of father the words obligations to earthly be and worthy who

I am wondering if we are sowing prophesied that Jesus Christ would parents of that immortal soul which clover. Are we providing the proper come into the world and redeem manGod has trusted to your care and of

food for our children? I do not mean kind. And as Alma thought of this which you have charge, I humbly pray

physical food. We are a wellfed naholy being (no man can think of the in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

NOV EMBER, 1943 673 EDUCATION Jke Lkvurck \Jitew

at the delivered Saturday Address E. BOWEN the session 114th By ALBERT evening of

semiannual general confer* OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE erence, October 2, 1943, in the Tabernacle

set up schools in the church to teach shortly come to pass; things which are at

are the wars abroad; things which home, I been that things have these of some

the nations, the perplexities of the and and in our times talking about. were There a land; the and are which on judgments great the of a talk about many all the educational earlier history when kingcountries of also of and knowledge its the church, of departments of that those were offered were advantages 88:78, 79.) (D. C. doms &WE organizations, quovarious and the church. the fostered With by

rums, but we have often neglected to growth of the state in population and As I interpret that scripture, it admention one of the very important and wealth, it has assumed the responsimonishes us in our educational system, influential departments that it sustains. bility now for a great deal of that kind first to make sure that we do the things

I refer to the Department of Education. of instruction. for which the classicists have so strongly

This people has always been a peoBut there are other things that ought contended, namely, to teach men in the ple that believed in the enlightenment to go side by side with these elements art of living, and particularly living the of its members. Wherever the gospel of learning that I have been talking highest philosophy rather than to make

has been carried by the missionaries of about. It is an interesting observation, education the mere instrumentality for

this church, there has been an endeavor the cycle through which our thoughts getting their bread and butter. The first

to raise the level of knowledge and unhave run and the way the pendulum has business of education is to establish a derstanding of its members. When our swung from one end of the arc to the proper understanding of man's relationemissaries have gone to the islands of other, respecting what constitutes a ship to the universe in which he lives,

the seas, they have built schoolhouses, proper education. We have the old and to the God who created it. Those

they have taught the natives, they have scholastics, who dealt in the classics, are the things which are essentially laid tried to let light into their minds, and and who spent their time in philosophidown here, in the first verse that I have have tried to make them better. In cal discussion, dealing with the meanread.

every way they have tried to improve ing and purpose of life and man's relaFollowing upon that is given us a the spiritual, mental, and temporal contionship to the universe, rather than latitude wide enough to accommodate ditions of peoples they have gone with what we have in this day come to the most vaulting ambition. There is

among. regard as the more practical training. nothing from which we are barred. The

We could not be satisfied, as a peoThen we came upon a period when whole wide world of knowledge is open ple, with our ideals, to remain unacwe thought it was more important in to us, and we are invited to enter in and quainted with the learning of the day. our educational system to prepare men make it our own. It is this combination

We could not be satisfied to be classed to make a living, and so education came of purpose and attainments which the among the ignorant, and neither would to be supposed to have as its purpose educational system fostered by the it conduce to our general temporal welthe training of men in the art of making church is intended to carry out.

fare if we did that. a living. We gave training in the crafts, We have scores of teachers in our

The farmer is a better farmer if he in the trades, and now a good many of seminaries and our institutes, carrying knows something about the science of our educators are looking over the field on the teaching of the eternal values to agriculture. We have conquered pests; and are saying: "We have lost somesupplement what is taught in the other

we have saved millions through the thing."They suspect that we have laid schools alongside of which they are

learning that our people have acquired. too much emphasis upon these socalled placed. And at Brigham Young UniYou men sitting here do not have to practical things. And so we are veering versity at Provo, standing at the head

think back very far to remember the around again now to the notion that the of the system, we hope we may train day when your sugar factories could classics should be taught, that men the men that will be the peers of any not run because a little insect destroyed should be concerned more with the inmen who come out from any institutions the beets. Those insects were contangibles; that education is a business of learning in all this broad land.

quered because men came to learn how of cultivating the heart and soul of man, Something has been said of the sacrito produce a seed that would yield a rather than training him in the mere fices which the authorities of the church beet that could resist the onslaught of business of providing food. make in accepting the positions that

this little pest. come to them. These teachers make

Great acres of the land of this state TT 7hile the pendulum has been swingtheir sacrifices, too. The amount of

have been brought into fertility and * ing from one extreme of educatime and energy which they devote, and have produced the wherewithal to sustional theory to the other, the church the intelligent effort they put forth in tain life, because certain chemists has had a fairly stabilized view combinorder to qualify themselves, would, studied in their laboratories and learned ing the virtues of both. The basic conturned into other channels, be vastly

the secret of making these lands proception upon which our system is more remunerative.

ductive, and of producing the kinds of elaborated is found in section 88 of the Anyone who has the intelligence to seeds that would thrive in our climate. Doctrine and Covenants, from which make a good teacher has enough init in if to direct he wanted now read: telligence,

vastly channels,Tl 7e believe in learning. Every time I to become commercial

* * I have to do anything, I know that Teach ye diligently and my grace shall more successful financially. I cannot

I could do it better if I only knew more. attend you, that you may be instructed develop the ideas here, for want of

principle, in in perfectly theory, more is limit of I the limit like of to but power in time, that develop,The would my all in gospel, the of in the doctrine, law understanding; this like and knowledge plea to to you I would makemy of the pertain that if things God, unto kingdom

these, of the I can the scope stakes extend of in I can leaders the and wards to understand; for expedient that are you

grow in power, because truly, knowlOf things both in heaven and in the earth, church: That you induce the parents

edge is power. and under the earth; things which have of the children to make use of these opBut we would not at this time have been, things which are, things which must (Concluded on page 714)

674 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA LIVING WATER By HAROLD B. LEE Address delivered at the Sunday

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE morning session o/ the 114th semiannual general conference, October 3, 1943, in the Tabernacle our Pioneer fathers came to contained the scriptures so vital to theWhenthis semiarid country they setwelfare of the people. The use of those

tled on the mountain streams scriptures was suggested in the state- "... I benefits of the theywithout said, of for which ment Nephi he when tithing shall paid, that the be Welfare all it their esliken or scripturescould us, have did not that unto homes made plan prospers, that shall our be homestablished profit for communities. might organized be learning."our They and

safe, that morality the and youth among in into irrigationthemselves again, companies 19:23.) (I Nephi when And Israel shall of safeguarded. be vital their the that their soorder of to scripwater these forbade use Laban

it tures, distributed,welfare the might better declared angel be properly were

Just as in the illustration of the water receiving to perish should shares accordingeach that one than a whole man man his need. They builded ditches and nation dwindle and perish in unbelief. system, however, we have certain

canals; they constructed reservoirs to Through these generations the mesobligations which we must assume if

hold back the spring runoff for late sages from our Father have been safewe are to be blessed. The price we pay

summer use. They gave special attenguarded and carefully protected, and for these eternal blessings and the right

this to eternal use of stream of water securing of culinarytion likewise that in the to the water mark you this day first, is yield to to obedience the laws scriptures might at their the purest arethat they source, the mountain have from springs the purest of the water for just as the waters were purest at the and ordinances of the gospel, second, human use. They were aware of the mountain source; the purest word of to render willing and unselfish sacrifice,

fact that if they carried this water long God, and that least apt to be polluted, and third, to assume responsibility and distances in open ditches there was is that which comes from the lips of our obligation to serve our fellow men might rights whereby gain titles and we pollution; living that disease thedanger of and set prophets are to up who

to blessings the that our Heavenly result, unless Israel in there beepidemic guide our time. might and day own

in Father for store has us. faithEvery in special given. that carea mind With distribution our system which The ful church bear can witness to member channels, thethey safeguarded and is Heavenly Father has provided the joy and extreme happiness that pipelineslater that constructed were as the of church known and kingdom to comes one has kept the law; but, who the level the ofplaced ground below his aid to give to great divine and God all perhaps of likewise us can bear witfrost. protectto heat from and To in bringing to purpose the impass the ness to anguish the disappointand it this benefits system, the ofenjoy was life mortality eternal the of and man, that ment lack through obedicome of together, that eachnecessary they work eternal come. joy whereby might But ence through and negligence. our own assessment receiving he which anman free of because the agency our which

I Last in June was an army camp, up in either to or labor expected paywas in his Father has vouchsafed wisdom near Corvallis, I Oregon. listened to a for ofin the maintenance and money, us, his children, to the of poldangers young Latterday Saint army doctor to required asuch each system pay was lution great, are for ever beckoning tell of an experience he in had down tohis dues. refused annual Those who tinsel with gaudily with and show the of one islands just off the raging penalized obligations suchaccept were signs packages, with wrapped neon battle of Guadalcanal. said they He deliver refusing to the company'sby beckoning devil hand, the every on has established had hospital a base back therefore that notthe they were water tried entrap, label to the of and under the from away line front where they to.entitled "pleasures"has dissuade to he sought receiving were the that wounded were is estoday straight as and water Just mankind was course from a which coming that now from area. Because of lifesential physical those of to the eternal lead to happiness. who Pleaswould their limited facilities the and great just issettle this the so in country, at surge the uremad bargain crowds need of medical attention so by many essenChrist the ofgospel Jesus counters of Lord thus dehim would who it wounded, necessary was that somelifetial chilspiritual of the stroy. to God's one look carefully over the men who isdren. suggested analogy by That priesthood the auxquorums The and in, were brought that those who were to the ofthe the Savior words woman iliary organizations carefully are the seriously most might wounded atbe said: inat the Samaria, he well when guarded the channels within provided first, tended to his and the task of was"... the of water drinketh whosoever truths through church precious which initial the making examination as the I thirst; shall shallthat give never him to disseminated. are be spechave Some boys ashore. came he leaned As over I shall shall that give the himbut water that ulated this strength the of church to these boys conscious, were who he springing in well of up water abe him lies in tithing the system; have some whisper would to them, ask them how life."into everlasting 4:14.) (John in missionary the thought but system; feeling, they were and ask would each

Great reservoirs of spiritual water, those who understand rightly the word one, "What church do you belong to?"

called scriptures, have been provided in of the Lord understand full well that On one occasion as he leaned close to thatthis safeguarded been have strength the day and of is, fundathe church the ear of one boy, pretty badly fed, spiritually partake inall might and be mentally, neither of these. The wounded, and asked him what church

and that they thirst not. That these strength of the church is not in a large he belonged to, the boy whispered

scriptures considered have been real strength the of membership, of but back, J'I am a Mormon."doctor The

is indicatedgreat importance, in the by the this church lies and aupower said, I'm "Well, too. a Mormon,

words of the Savior, "Search the scripthority of the holy priesthood which our an elder in the church. Is there anythingI'm

tures; in think for ye them ye Father given to has have Heavenly us in this you would do like me to for you?"The

life:eternal are they they which and exercise that properly power day. If we boy, as he clenched his teeth, with resothetestify and 5:39); callings in of me"(John priestthe our and magnify lute white face, replied, "I'd like you

sent being Nephites'of theexperience to it that see missionhood, the we will to administer to me."said, doctor The

back to procure the brass plates which ary work shall go forward, that the (Continued on page 720)

NOVEMBER, 1943 675

rsraeis cJLlfe in, PROPHECY AND SONG

By PRESIDENT LEVI EDGAR YOUNG Of the First Council of the Seventy

The Bible has suffered at the hands of those whom it has sought to help, when they have refused to read its teachings through THE GLORY THAT to the closing sentences, with an intelligent WAS BABYLON thoroughness. They have made selections The man on the left,

according to their inclinations and disposinear the gate Ishtar reliefs of with (adorned the its spirit, and missed have tions and is bulls dragons) and glorious the instruction, of its trend steady ruins on standing the

-after Dannamed himself, no uplift of its truths.—Alexander McKenzie. ofstreetiel, thewho ancient paved

doubt, walked its length

magnificient no more knows &—Underwood History many times.

Underwood prophets of the line of men than

Israel. "They were idealists Photo

through and through. They lived in the

very air of the City of God."They

grappled with the problems which their own troublous times presented, for they so closely assimilated to the divine holihis instructions, heard his commands.

lived when the nations beyond the conness that they were profoundly unified He did not fear to deliver his people fines of Israel waged war against small in consciousness with God."The from the hands of Pharoah. It was

nations and peaceful people. The Isprophets were concerned with the Moses'greatness that heard such

raelites were constantly beset by foes, growth of the spiritual life of the people words, and had need to hear them aland it was the sublime faith of the and were holy in heart and conduct. ways. Israel was brought forth from

prophets through hundreds of years of They not only sought to realize this in Egypt under a leadership, which would history who kept "aglow the heavenly the days in which they lived; but in the not only conduct the people through

light,"who made the invisible, visible. darkest times, they pointed forward the desert, but lead them upwards toThroughout ancient Israel's time, the with hope to a coming era when this ward righteousness, through a fuller

prophets stood against the world for consummation for which they lived and understanding of God. His greatness

righteousness and truth, and the neceslabored should be accomplished. The lay in the intensity of his realization of

sity for righteous living was more truly "Word of God"was of permanent imJehovah's nearness to his people. The

theirs than any other people's. The portance to them, and deep significance experience of the Exodus and the

sense of sin, the need of redemption, the was attached to the "Word,"for they thought of the sole leadership of God, lawlessness of human nature when it had the inward assurance that they made all the people one, and they never is not under subjection to the laws of were divinely authorized to speak the felt God so near as when they were in

God, the necessity for restraint of even Word. Though they ever kept in mind the wilderness. A prophet had risen,

natural powers and impulses are all the past times of divine interposition and his glory lay in his faith. He was

postulates of the writings of the prophand revelation, yet the "golden age of an instrument in the hands of God. The

ets. To this day, Hebraism stands for the nation"was yet to come. The kingconception of God is the conception

high moral discipline. dom of God and of righteousness was which had come from Israel's ancestors,

"Learn to do well; seek judgment, reto be set up, and all people were to enlarged, raised, and inspired by Islieve the oppressed, judge the fatherturn to their Maker. rael's circumstances and by the revelaless, plead for the widow,"says Isaiah. tion of God's relations to her through

(Isa. 1:17.) It was, however, in the school of adthe great mind and heart of Moses.

And Ezekiel writes versity and suffering that the prophetic Thus was Moses to receive in the Ten insight was trained and purified. The Commandments one of the noblest

Behold, all souls are mine; as the soul of goal of the prophets was not to be atfoundations for the moral life ever given

the of son the soul father, so also the Deuover 20:1, 3-17; of triumph path (See a Exodus through is tained to man.

it die. shall But sinneth, that soul the mine: humiliation, foes, through 6:4-7.) but earthly teronomy is lawful that just, which if and do be a man the suffering. chastening, and Among the eaten upon not hath right. and And by Music Expressed Religion the Israelites, Pure minded to more spiritually lifted his eyes neither up hath mountains,

the idols of the house of Israel... hath revelation of a Messiah who would

spoiled none by violence, hath given his redeem his people dawned in the The ancient Israelites were a musicbread to. the hungry, and hath covered the prophetic mind, as it dawned in the loving people. Ordinary everyday exis just, expresgive to... he garment; them with a moved naked of the prophet Isaiah and Elijah, periences he shall mind

(Ezekiel live, God. the saith Lord surely and in poetry feelings their sion to ages before.

18:4-9.) planting death, music. and Marriage

The prophets were divinely commis- '"Phe prophets of the Old Testament, and harvest, festival and feast were sioned to communicate the words of * because of their nearness to God celebrated in song. A general returning

Jehovah, the revelations of his will to in spirit, received from him the supreme from war was followed by the people the people. They received their mesmoral laws which to this day have rewho danced to the music of stringed insages direct from God, and they were mained the foundation of the highest struments. When Deborah won the

careful to state the circumstances of ethical life of man. Moses communed battle which freed Israel from the powtheir call. "They possessed a character with God, knew his presence, gained er of the Canaanites, she commemorated

676 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA her victory in the stirring song which ary, or the deeds of the ancestors of Israel. lifting and consoling chapter of the Old

bears her name, and which has made In song and folklore has much of the Testament. We associate it with the

her and her act immortal. Nothing in history of ancient Israel been preserved. Shepherd King of Israel, and its greatall history shows the courage of woman ness lies in the simplicity of diction and

more than the story of Deborah as The Influence of Nature "its reflection of the childlike faith of given in the fourth and fifth chapters of people living in the open."

Judges. In words that are majestic, she /\ne of the most beautiful descriptions Sheep have always been used for

closes her song: 7 of the influence of nature upon a food, and it is said that Solomon's

is sensitive given Dr. person by Geikie household hundred a consumed one all perish, thine Lord: enemies So let O life the character of he speaks and when skins coats, for day. used were The let that the as sun be love them but him ascribed to are of King David, whom housein every spun and the wool was his might. in forth goeth he when

(Judges 6:31) so many of the psalms of the Old Testahold and woven into cloth of every

ment. the shepherd and a David was description. the chief sheep The was fall Saul the of After and Jonathan uplands gray Bethlehem around where origsacrificed to animal which God, battlefield of Gilboa, theupon Mount his for flocks then he used were drove in inated of the one's idea making in song, as lamented over themDavid they as pasturage thousand a were deity, offering possession the to an ff. II inwritten dirge 1:17 Samuel, The later years the "shepherds heard when friendly intercourse a bewhich was striking in afford aends which words angelic the them announcement on his relationof tween and God. man The genius totestimony David's and magbirth the of Geikie: Lord."our Says ship his the of to sheep shepherd was rival's hisnanimity, unfortunate to and

fame: It was in the solitude of the hills that he very intimate and tender. He always

trained himself to become the sweet singer led, never drove them to pasture and lovely pleasand Saul and Jonathan were Israel, of instruments the invented careful of water. shepherd most and The was

lives, their in their in they deathant and sensitive attributed to long music him. His in times, of lambs, early the he and

swifter divided: they than notwere were nature inspiration caught from must have carried often as arm, a lamb each under lions.eagles, than stronger they were the silence scenery him. lonely around The his flock for led the In the day. he Israel, Saul, of daughters over weep Ye hills, of the Bethleeast wild of country the

is Isaiah, fortieth of chapter found a scarlet, in other dewith clothed youwho the Sea, to looking over and hem, Red down lights, who put on ornaments of gold upon it to the purple mountains of Moab; the beautiful reference to this custom:

apparel.vour thirsty to horithe uplands reaching away his shall like feed flock shepherd: a He in fallen are of the midst How far the south; the deep on and beyond, zon shall the his gather in arm, he lambs battle! in slainthe thou wast theO Jonathan,mighty its of blue Mediterranean, the ships with

his in carry them and bosom, and shall places.thine high its fitting waters, great passing over a made lead that those are young. with I thee, distressed for brother my am his at his for regently school poetry once and

Jonathan: very pleasant hast thou been unto ligious fervor.

me: thy love to me was wonderful, passing The Hebrews could not think in abthe love of women. As he lay in the open with his flocks stract terms. "Their most profound

How are the mighty fallen, and the at night, he kept watch over them and thoughts about the meaning of life and weapons of war perished! as the light of day came, he tenderly the existence of God had to be exThese examples show how popular cared for the lambs and moved to fresh pressed in concrete imagery."Of all

the ballad must have been in ancient pastures. Under such conditions, he the symbols or figures of speech used

Israel. Says Dr. Kittell of the Universang his songs and uttered his prayers in the Bible, that of the sheep and the

sity of Leipzig: with unquestioning faith in God's shepherd is the most frequent. We can

his sat imagine throne, on when David readiness in to help "Create a clean me shall not be wrong if we We certainly his in thinking the of the of open days heart, spirit right renew God, a and: O that the privateassume wandering and the to sheep brought the he when back me."minstrel or storyteller as regarded an within was

fold at sunset to prepared and watch is Twentythird generally The Psalm hisindispensable of society, and member position one of honor in Israel. At sacred called the "Shepherd Psalm."Not only over them through the night. We can

festivals, in fairs and markets, at every is it fine from the standpoint of religious see him in prayer asking God to watch meeting place of men, at the table of the feeling, but it is one of the greatest over his flocks as he implored God to king, in the banquets of the great, the lyrics ever written. "Lyric poetry is the watch over him; and as he went forth

minstrel storyteller sure and were at of day, to be short, his soul was full the dawn outburst passionate of personal the praisesfound, singing heroes, of former faith. of reverence and feeling in poetic form."The Twentynarrating the history of the sacred sanctuthird Psalm is the "Sweetest of all the The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not

SHEPHERD'S FIELD, FROM BETHLEHEM Psalms,"and to many people it is the want.

-Underwood & Underwood Photo most precious and lovely, the most upHe maketh me to lie down in green pastures: he leadeth me beside the still waters.

He restoreth my soul: he leadeth me in

the paths of righteousness for his name's sake.

Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I will fear no evil:

for thou art with me; thy rod and thy staff

they comfort me.

Thou preparest a table before me in the presence of mine enemies: thou anointest

my head with oil; my cup runneth over.

Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell

in the house of the Lord forever.

All through their history, songs came from the hearts of the people and are their common heritage for all time; so

did the psalms emanate from the soul of the Israelitish nation all through their history. Other nations treasure them

today, for they are songs of eternal beauty, and what is more, of eternal truth and greatness. "In this they bear

the stamp of true religion, which is not confined to any one nation or generation, but belongs to the whole world and eternity."

NOVEMBER, 1943 677 RESPONSE TO A CALL

Dm Spencer l/[/. J\lmbait

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Friday I was virtually speechless. My heart clients came to me and said, "Spencer,

afternoon session of the 114th pounded fiercely. you're going away from us?"

semiannual general confer'I recall two or three years ago, when "Yes,"I said.

ence, October 1, 1943, Brother Lee was giving his maiden ad- "Well, this is going to ruin you fiin the Tabernacle dress as an apostle of the Lord Jesus nancially,"he continued. "You are just

Christ from this stand, he told us of his getting started well; your business is

experience through the night after he prospering. You are making a lot of

beloved brethren, this is the had been notified of his call. I think I money now and the future looks bright

life. seen I have great day of my experiyet. the something about know now

in times raisedMYhands many my ence he had. going through I have been You Idon'tdon't haveknowtohowacceptyou thecan call,do this.do

life, but never have they meant quite it for twelve weeks. I believe the you?"

so much as they meant today when brethren were very kind to me in anAnd I said, "Brother, we do not have you raised your hands to sustain and nouncing my appointment when they to accept any call, but if you undersupport me. did so that I might make the necessary stand the Mormon way of life, those of

I feel extremely humble in this calladjustments in my business affairs, but us who have been reared in the church ing that has come to me. Many people perhaps they were more inspired to give and understand the discipline of the

have asked me if I was surprised when me the time that I needed of a long church, we just always do accept such it came. That, of course, is a very weak period of purification, for in those long calls."And I further said to him: "Do

word for this experience. I was comdays and weeks I did a great deal of you remember what Luke said, '... for

pletely bewildered and shocked. I did thinking and praying, and fasting and a man's life consisteth not in the abunhave a premonition that this call was praying. There were conflicting dance of the things which he possescoming, but very brief, however. On thoughts that surged through my mind sed'(Luke 12:15), and all the bonds,

the eighth of July, when President Clark—seeming voices saying: "You can't lands, houses, and livestock are just

called me I was electrified with a strong do the work. You are not worthy. You things that mean so little in a person's

presentment that something of this kind have not the ability"—and always abundant life."

was going to happen. As I came home finally came the triumphant thought: Tt is strange how many things can go

the answering was boy must do the work one's "You in such a very at noon my through mind said, telephone yourself "Daddy, Salt he and must strain make able,assigned—youworthy and shortA and period he is under when

Lake City is calling."qualified."And the battle raged on. stress. I have heard of how people,

I had had many calls from Salt Lake I remember reading that Jacob when they were drowning, could see

City. They hadn't ever worried me like wrestled all night, "until the breaking everything that had ever happened to

this one. I knew that I had no unfinof the day,"for a blessing; and I want them—especially the errors of their ished business in Salt Lake City, and to tell you that for eightyfive nights lives—and I have gone through that

the thought came over me quickly, I have gone through that experience, experience many times during these "You're going to be called to an imwrestling for a blessing. Eightyfive eightyfive endless days of emotional

portant position."Then I hurriedly times, the breaking of the day has stress. Each dawn I seemed to expect

swept it from my mind, because it found me on my knees praying to the this—which seemed such an impossible seemed so unworthy and so presumptuLord to help me and strengthen me dream—to dissipate into vague nothingous, and I had convinced myself that and make me equal to this great reness, as my other dreams have, but resuch a thing was impossible by the time sponsibility that has come to me. I have assurance came that it was real.

that I heard President Clark's voice a not sought positions nor have I been There are a few things that came to my thousand miles away saying: "Spencer, ambitious. Promotions have continued attention recently which strengthen me

this is Brother Clark speaking. The to come faster than I felt I was prepared and in which you might be interested

brethren have just called you to fill one for them. particularly with reference to two paof the vacancies in the quorum of the I"remember when I was called to be a triarchal blessings and one prediction

twelve apostles.""* counselor in the stake presidency. I or prophecy made by my father. This

Like a bolt of lightning it came. I was in my twenties. President Grant was made known to me only a week

did a great deal of thinking in the brief came down to help to bury my father, ago. In preface to the first of his statemoments that I was on the wire. There who was the former stake president, ments I will read a line or two from his

were quite a number of things said and reorganize the stake. I was the patriarchal blessing given to him by

about disposing of my business, moving stake clerk. I recall that some of my Patriarch John Smith back in 1891. He

to headquarters, and other things to be relatives came to President Grant, unsaid to my father: "Andrew Kimball,

expected of me. I couldn't repeat them known to me, after I had been chosen,... thou shalt have the spirit of discernall, my mind seemed to be traveling and said, "President Grant, it's a misment to foretell future events and thy

many paths all at once—I was dazed, take to call a young man like that to a name shall be handed down with thy

almost numb with the shock; a picture position of responsibility and make an posterity in honorable remembrance

of my life spread out before me. It old man of him and tie him down."from generation to generation."And

seemed that I could see all of the people Finally, after some discussion, Presithen Brother Hatch, another patriarch before me whom I had injured, or who dent Grant said very calmly, but firmly, said: "... for thou art a prophet and

had fancied that I had injured them, or "Well, Spencer has been called to this came upon earth in this dispensation to to whom I had given offense, and all work, and he can do as he pleases about be a great leader."

the small petty things of my life. I it,"and, of course, when the call came, Just the other day one of my brethren

sensed immediately my inability and I accepted it gladly, and I have received came into the office to talk to me intilimitations and I cried back, "Not me, great blessings therefrom. mately and confidentially. After closBrother Clark! You can't mean that!"A few days ago one of my wellto-do {Continued on page 702)

678 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \\THE LEAST AMONG YOU

Dw Ozra J. iSendon,

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Address delivered at the Friday church. I have received messages even I said, "Mr. Teague, I have no desire

afternoon session of the 114th by longdistance telephone, clear across to leave the fine group of men with semiannual general conferthis continent, for no purpose but to exwhom I have been associated during ence, October 1, 1943, tend congratulations and commendathe past four years. I love the cooperain the Tabernacle tions for this high and holy call that has tive movement—I believe in it. It

come to one of their friends. squares with my philosophy of life, my

religious philosophy."

beloved brethren of the Tt has been my glorious privilege to be Then only a few days later this call is filled opportunito heart wonderful priesthood, with * blessed this I called came. the telemy man onMY

I ties gratitude But as with overflowing my happiest days phone in my life. Junction, from Colorado, Grand

look into your faces this day—a day have been those spent with the priestand said, "Mr. Teague, the church has

which I shall never forget. hood and the membership of this church. called me to a more important work,"

I am grateful beyond my power of They extend back to my boyhood and then I indicated what the call was, expression for the blessings which have days in my little country ward in southand this good man said, "With all my come to me and particularly for this ern Idaho, mingling with the Saints heart, I congratulate you."From that

great honor that has come to one of the there, and then in the mission field, back day until this, there have been nothing weakest of your number. I love this to the Franklin Stake, and then on into but words of praise and congratulations

work. All my life I have had a testithe Boise Stake in Idaho, then for a to me personally, but particularly for

mony of it and a love for the leaders of year in central California, and then to the church and its fine ideals and standthe church and for the priesthood of Washington, D.C. My greatest joy and ards and the type of manhood which it

God. I know that it is true and no my great happiness have been those turns out into the world.

sacrifice is too great for this wonderful hours mingling with the Saints and with

I in as pocket T are carried went engaged.work in my which we the priesthood Truly I have of God.

call to to Salt a note through Lake has * precious privileges. Lord brethren, The confess I must I had no had My

premonition of this call, even of the provided wonderful opportunities for my attention a matter which I proposed shortest duration. When passing me to associate with people not of our to discuss with some of the brethren. I

through Salt Lake and stopping over faith. I have sat in the councils of the had had an opportunity for almost a

here, just between trains, en route to great and the mighty in the nation's year to go elsewhere at a figure that

Colorado on the 26th of July, President capitol. I have watched them struggle shocked me, running into tens of thouMcKay indicated that the president of with the problems which face us as a sands of dollars, an offer to go into the

the church wanted to see me a few nation. I have the confidence and the active management of a great cooperamoments. Even then such a thought of love of many men in high places. tive corporation. It would mean leavbeing called to this high and holy call- I know something of the honors ing the Washington Stake, and I had

ing never entered my mind. It was only which men can bestow, but I know that hoped to have an opportunity to confer

a few minutes later that President Grant there is nothing that can compare with with the leaders of the church. But now

took my right hand in both of his and the honors which come to us as servthere was no need of conferring, for in looked into the depths of my very soul ants of the Lord through the priesthood the meantime this call came, a call and said: "Brother Benson, with all my of God.?reater than any call that can come

heart I congratulate you and pray God's rom men—that can be offered by the

blessings to attend you; you have been |\/Tay I be pardoned if I refer to a remen of the world.

chosen as the youngest apostle of the A * cent trip during which time I passed My brethren, I am grateful for it. I

church."through this city and during which time know my own limitations, my own

The whole world seemed to sink. I this great call was announced. I had weaknesses, and I tremble as I contemcould hardly believe it was true, that been holding a series of meetings with plate the great responsibilities and oblisuch a thing could happen, and it has cooperative and agricultural leaders gations which this call entails. But I

been difficult since for me to realize throughout the southwest, in California, am grateful to know that I will be assothat it is a reality. and in the intermountain states. While ciated with the best group of men in all

Brethren, I appreciate more than in California, I spent Saturday afterthe world. More than anything else,

words can tell my membership in this noon and Saturday night at the home besides my desire to maintain my testichurch, the priesthood which I bear, of the president of the organization with mony, I desire the love and confidence and the blessings which have come to which I am associated, the National of the priesthood of this church, and I me through that priesthood. I thank the Council of Farmer Cooperatives. This pray the Lord to give me strength that I

Lord for my heritage, for my parents, man is a national figure. He was a memmay merit that love and confidence.

my grandparents, and my greatgrand- ber of the Federal Farm Board during I leave with you my testimony. I

parents who have seen fit to give their President Hoover's administration. He know that God lives. This is his work.

all to help in the establishment of this is a friend of our people. When my He has again spoken from the heavens

the kingdom of God upon the earth. fifteenyear-old son and I bade him and with a message for the entire world;

I am grateful to you, my brethren, for his good wife goodbye on Sunday not for a handful of Latterday Saints the messages of love and confidence morning, with one of his men who was only, but for all our brothers and sisters, which have come from all parts of the driving us to Bakersfield, he called me both in and out of the church. May God

church, and I am grateful for the hunto one side and said: "We know you've give us strength to carry that message

dreds of messages that have come from had opportunities to go elsewhere, but to the world, to live the gospel, to mainthe friends of the church outside our we want you to stay with the cooperatain the standards of the church, that we membership. They are a testimony to tive movement. All you need to do is may be entitled to the promised blessme of the love which the people of the name your figure. Don't become disinings, I humbly pray, in the name of Jesus

world have for the leaders of this terested. We want you to continue."Christ. Amen.

NOVEMBER, 1943 679 On BEING A MINORITY Address delivered at the Saturday evening session o[ the 114th semiannual general confererence, October 2, 1943, in the Tabernacle PATRIARCH TO THE CHURCH

humility and with full appreciation

INof my immediate responsibility, and with complete awareness of my own and with all thy soul, and with all thy would go to him in reverence and reweakness, I call upon my Father in mind.... Thou shalt love thy neighbor spect for their patriarchal blessings.

heaven to direct my thinking for a few as thyself. Upon these two commandmoments, and to grant me profitable ments hang all the law and the prophT17hen we can love one another, we

utterance. ets.""* will be well on our way to the soluIn the past thirtysix hours we have tion of our problems. It is well for us

had eloquent evidence of the power of Tntil we can be big enough, individnot to be led astray by words. Calling

Mormonism. As I have sat through V* ually, to love our neighbors, and a government democratic, does not

these sessions, considering the persontogether love each other, we shall fail. make it so, any more than calling a man

nel of the general authorities, I have That has some pretty practical and def- a villain makes him a scoundrel. We

been greatly impressed with the wealth inite applications. It means, for one need vision. It is so easy to denounce

of background and secular training that thing, that men who call themselves emwithout judgment.

they bring to this work, men who, beployers and men who call themselves The other day one of our young men, fore their calling, were bankers, busilaborers must get together and work toin most vitriolic language, was deness men, farmers, laborers, engineers, gether and love one another, literally. nouncing the bureaucracy of our present

chemists, dentists, attorneysat-law, So long as we have on the one hand government, and someone asked him, to schoolteachers. All of them with varyemployers who are motivated only by his great embarrassment, what a buing secular background, yet all of them profit, and who, for their profit, are reaucrat was, and he did not have the

—aunitedlytremendousbound togethertestimonywithof onethe thingtruth willingso longtoasexploiton thelaborotherat anysidecost,of andthe heardslightestbureaucratsidea, but indenounced.his home heNow,had

of Mormonism! Every one of us was fence we have men who call themselves that sort of uncritical denunciation is

moved with the testimonies of Brother laborers, and who band themselves tofoolish.

Kimball and Brother Benson yestergether, and make unjust demands at any It behooves us, as men holding the day. cost, so long as we have groups like priesthood, to examine governmental

I have been impressed with how these fighting each other, we have no procedures and if those procedures remany times the necessity for loving one hope for establishing the kingdom of sult in the general good, if those proanother has been mentioned in these God upon the earth. cedures are compatible with the gospel,

sessions. Class hatred is growing, even within the Lord's word, it is our business to

Thou shalt love the Lord thy God with all the confines of our own country. While foster them, and if necessary fight for

thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with many were inclined, a while ago, to them, just as it is our business to exall thy mind. This is the first and great laugh at the "zoot suit"riots, they were amine governmental procedures, and

commandment. out where find them of harmony we disease. social basic of symptoms

like shalt the second is And unto it, Thou fight the to against with Lord's word, another. to must learn love onelove thyself. 22: Webut thy (Matt. as neighbor highsounding matter no what will Successful government imposthem, be37, 38.)

sible without it. names those procedures may be given.

There is a certain disposition among This body of priesthood, together Brethren, let us not be discouraged a good many people, and some of our with all others holding the priesthood, because we are what is called a minorown faith are not entirely free from it, has a tremendous responsibility in ity. What is a minority? The Latin

to criticize any pulpit utterance which persuading men to work together. The has a motto, multum in parvo: "Much

dwells on major current issues. There magnificent material accomplishment of in small space."In the field of bioare those among us who suspect infifty million cans of food, that President chemistry it has been proved that one

sidious political intent, if, from the Clark has told us about, is of less impart of adrenalin—one of the endocrine

pulpit, of so even as mention much in parts estimation the portance water, than of 100,000 my secretions—in

is is religion ofgovernment made, but live react. will the tissue increased love brotherhood, to cause certain for one

no value whatsoever if it deals only in another, that has resulted from people In statistical terms, that one part in platitudinousWe are thegeneralities.children of God, literaltogettingshoulder.together and working shoulder 100,000Jesus ofis aNazareth,minority. in terms of the

ly. That being the case, God's word Not long ago in one of our council census, was a pitiful, almost a ridicushould be uppermost in our minds in meetings, President Clark called attenlous, minority; but Jesus the Christ, the

trying to bring about worthwhile govtion to the fact that there had just been Son of God, is the greatest power we ernment. Until we as a people in parcalled to the office of patriarch in a cerknow, before whom ultimately every

ticular, and the sons and daughters of tain stake a man who was a janitor. knee shall bow. Let us not be discourGod in general, realize that our civil President Clark pointed out that there aged by the specious argument that we

governments will be failures so long as was an evidence of the strength of are of relatively little moment bethey are not based upon divine guidMormonism—a job that is looked upon cause we are a minority.

ance, so long will we continue to have by the world as a lowly job, and yet We have the priesthood of Almighty strife, conflict, and bloodshed. among the Latterday Saints a man so God, and if we are righteous and

We are facing a time when, unless employed, because of his righteousness magnify it, and exercise it, there is no men repent and accept in very deed the and his integrity, could receive the palimit to what we can accomplish in the gospel of Christ, we shall see revolution triarchal priesthood, and even the men way of good, no matter how great are in our own country. "Thou shalt love and women who enjoyed the cleanliness the mere numbers arrayed against us.

the Lord thy God with all thy heart, of the building which he cared for (Concluded on page 713) 680 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ON COMMON GROUND

5u [ resident cJLevl (L*daar bjouna

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Address delivered at the Saturday evening session of the 114th semiannual general conferLord that have been written by the What a great thing it is to say to erence, October 2, 1943, Prophet Joseph Smith: people, "We believe in God, the Eternal

in the Tabernacle And the voice of warning shall be unto Father."Think of it! The Creator of

all people, by the mouths of my disciples, heaven and earth and the stars, the Fawhom I have chosen in these last days. (D. ther of all things, our Father and our

7T s I have looked over this audience, & C. 1:4.) God. "And in Jesus Christ,"the ReJLA and all of the congregations that You are galled to go forth to learn, deemer of the world, Christ the King,

J- J- have been present in this great and to teach, and to bear your testiour Lord, who died for us that we might tabernacle the past two days, my feeling monies, which are sacred. And when have life eternal if we will but work out

has been that some people are not far you do bear your testimonies, it is the our own destinies by him. "And in

from the kingdom of God. depths speaking unto the depths of the Holy Ghost."What a sacred mesWe have heard, and heard rightly peoples'souls. sage you and I carry to the world!

and beautifully, about the missionary Above the door of the School of MuBefore any of you were admitted to effort that is being put forth to teach the sic at Harvard University are these these grounds this morning, I met a people of the world something new, words: "To charm, to strengthen, and lady and gentleman just outside the gate

something deep, something of truth to teach, these are the three great cords and because of their desire to see the about the kingdom of God, and I want of might."Remember, my fellow misflowers, trees, and buildings, I had them

to take this opportunity to thank the sionaries, the words of a prophet of old admitted with me, when I explained presidents of stakes, and all the bishops when he said: something of the history of the temple

tabernacle, faithful the sea for their support gull monument, andof wards heard our ears, with God, pur and O We have for and in prayerhelp in spirit the monuments and Hyof Joseph and told us, the fathers didst have thou what work work that is being undertaken by all in their days, in the times of old.... For rum Smith. The conversation was

the missionaries of the stakes of Zion. they got not the land in possession by their soon over, when the gentleman said:

It is a great work in which they are own sword, neither did their own arm save "I take it that you are a Mormon. We

engaged, and they are unafraid. You them; but thy right hand, and thine arm, and are Lutherans. I have often wondered

missionaries who are present at this the light of thy countenance, because thou what you people believe."

conference, remember, please, that you hadst a favor unto them. (Psalm 44.) You see, there was a family with cerare in the service of God; and all the You must awaken, strengthen, teach tain ideals of life, as I had my ideals

sacred scriptures—and the scriptures all people, and with your faith in the of life. The very spirit of the surroundare great and many-—have been enLord securely fixed, you will be able to ings gave them a feeling of reverence,

trusted to you to study, to think about, reach the hearts of those people with for they so expressed themselves. Said

and to teach. whom you speak. It is truth and sincerthe lady: "What noble buildings to be

Yesterday we heard beautifully exity that are called for today, and you created by the pioneers of your state.

pressed the admonition of Jesus Christ have the power to say: "In the name Only good people could build such

to his disciples to go forth and preach of Jesus Christ of Nazareth, rise up and houses of worship."

the gospel unto all people, and that walk."You are called to do service. Now, my brother missionaries, becauses us to recall the words of the You are servants of the Lord. (Concluded on page 713)

Members of the First Council of the Seventy as they appeared at the recent conference. Seated, senior

president, Levi Edgar Young.

Standing, left to right: John H.

Taylor, Antoine R. Ivins, Oscar

A. Kirkham, Richard L. Evans,

Samuel 0. Bennion, and Rufus K.

Hardy.

NOVEMBER, 1943 Truman%avi Sacrifice AMONG

the rnaitans

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

HFhe practice of human sacrifice is * often cited to show that the Aztecs were a savage, backward, and ruthless people. The custom is properly Aztec,

but the cosmology and ideology of the people help place the practice in its true perspective.

The Indian had been created by the gods. According to some versions, the

gods gave their lives to realize the creation of the world. Furthermore, the

manifestations of nature—sun, moon, rain, wind, etc.—were gods who fur-

t # nished the elements so necessary for the wellbeing of a sedentary, agricultural people. The arduous work of the gods TAGS depleted their strength, so they required B i JANE HART nourishment. But the gods received

"R..ATTLESNAKE CREEK, Wolf that could pass for a road, and then he littleof thenourishmentIndian. Humanfromblood,the coarsethen, foodwas

Creek, Castle Creek, Crab Creek, got caught in a rainstorm, but when a refined and purified food for the gods.

Chimney Rock, and points west!"he returned to camp the stream was Human sacrifice was man's part of

A conductor would have sounded off christened "Wolf Creek."the bargain with the gods. For the wellsomething like that had there been a The little band is now following the being of the Indian, his gods must live.

conductor to sound off, when the secPlatte, and its countless tributaries They, in turn, could remain strong only ond party of Mormon pioneers left Nemake rivercrossing practically a daily by the ritual offering of human blood braska and headed for Salt Lake City. occurrence. Often the soft, sandy botSacrificial ceremonies were not hapBut to the original band, not even that toms force them to double up the teams hazardly grouped together; rather, they

delightful list of destinations would to get the wagons across. One large came at special appointed times. Not

have been announced. To them fell the tributary required an entire afternoon all ceremonies required the death of

fun of following the old Indian trail alto cross, and was named "Castle Creek"Indians. Many rituals were accommost obliterated by dust and grass, of because the opposite bluffs resembled panied by the sacrificing of quail, eagles,

blazing new trails guided by Fremont's the rock on which Lancaster Castle is dogs, or turkeys.

map, and of labeling the wilderness for built, and the bluffs were named Castle The sacrificed victims were more the benefit of following companies. Bluffs. often the captive warriors of enemy

Fremont had previously named key The bends in the river create a very tribes. During ceremonies to the Rain

points. He went in for euphonious tags crooked road, and the prairie, soft and god and the god of Vegetation, many

and called latitude 41'3'44""Cedar uneven, is tough on the teams. They lives were sacrificed. Victims numberBluffs,"but Brigham Young dubbed the cross a shallow stream about twenty ing into the thousands were sacrificed

adjacent stream "Rattlesnake Creek."feet wide, and name it Crab Creek beduring the dedication of temples to the

President Young, riding along the banks cause one of the brethren saw "a very major gods.

of the stream, "discovered that his large crab in it."The practice, so repulsive to our

horse stepped within two feet of a Still following the Platte, they catch thinking, would probably have run its very large rattlesnake."As it was his their first sight of Chimney Rock, alcourse. It represents a stage in the

custom to hurt nothing, including ready named. My historian compares evolution of Indian ideology rather

snakes, he turned his horse away withit with the factory chimneys in England. than a permanent social practice.

out harming it. But later, one of the The surrounding romantic country inbrethren hoofing it, happened upon the trigued them as much as the fantastic

snake which coiled and struck, springrock itself, and they named one formaing several feet into the air. The brothtion which resembled an immense frog

er dodged, and, as my literal historian with a wide open mouth, "Frog's Head records: "took his rifle and shot the Bluffs."

snake dead."These adventures resulted After crossing these bluffs they folin naming the stream "Rattlesnake lowed a high ridge of gravel, rounding

Creek."on top, with cobbles varying from fiftyHeber Kimball, scouting for a road pounders to B-B size. They called it

along a river bottom, interrupted two Cobble Hill, and although the oxen wolves at lunch. He made noises at could take it, it was hard on the horses.

them but they held their own, glaring My mentor fails to record how at the intrepid Mormon over a "dead "Rawhide Creek"got its name, he being carcass,"and the unarmed brother so filled with the peace of the mild beau- "concluded to move away as soon as ty of the Sunday morning when he

Rawhide."could."he to reconnoiter over camped on "The He had OF OF THE AZTEC ONE METHODS HUMANten miles before struck anything he (Concluded SACRIFICE, on page 693) TO ACCORDING DURAN

682 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unto tke Vke PROMISE CHILDREN Dw oLet/rand IKichard&

PRESIDING BISHOP their wisdom, certainly they can find the kind of bait that will bring John off

Address delivered at the Saturday ally rather than in groups. It is my imthe mountain on Sunday morning.

evening session of the 114th pression that we will come to a day in There are some of us, I fear, who semiannual general conferthe church when our greatest achievehave the feeling that there are only a erence, October 2, 1943, ments will be through individual work. few that will be saved. I am not unin the Tabernacle mindful of the fact that the Savior said

Tn our work this winter with the "Strait is the gate, and narrow is the

A I also that in the way,"but remember priesthood, are studying Aaronic we is real the to pleasure priv- a have of the section 76th Doctrine training Coveand in the teachers'course, Dr. ilege this of attending conference.IT nants, indicates will the that Stott's he Lord to book, and Boys, Win How night present Last of most were you all his the save of hands, except works the author paraphrases of statement aat in bishops'the the meeting Assembly

I the Perdition, of never Sons and have the as along the of Master he went SeaHall, together while and two were we feel the that to Latterable been sons of fishGalilee himself to the gathered and half hours,and a covered very only a we fathers Saint mothers, I day born and will saying, ermen, and "Come, make in ofsmall the portion which program likely the covenant, to under are so be fishers says, Stott of men"; Dr. you bishops, particularly, are asyou much classified. all heirs are of born I fishers They will of "Come, and make youinterested as are we. gifts blessings the of the of gospel and boys."

I I like tonight thought to say would

I Christ. So, far as as Jesus conam all that indicates the over he Then priestthea about few words Aaronic

if I will cerned, duty, believe our do we literally there are world thousands and I the of church. program veryhood am the of help the with Almighty, need we of to tens boys, thousands waiting of begrateful for to labor assignment with my fear that of will our not any be boys if right of caught, use kind the only we fine forthe the young and men work lost. bait. isthat being the bishops and done by

it is in, gather them when Now, we

Itheir their behalf. feel in associates In of demonstration boys'a a monththat important something very have we

is really in ly effecthat recentleadership stake have program meeting a awe I fed, for to them. be want and They

ly, intive. reporting brethren the of one their duties a think teaching besides them

I visit criticism said: for to of the a thought he have had no home made in greatest of the priesthood, the one

his priestpast, into trying in "You'll follow to never get probut our John in is to things to have mind we ought morning record so meeting of boy, every of agram Sunday a hood on and in their hearts try to plant testimony a there boys'long as meeting, leadership mountain on themonthly is snow of the gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ.

discusbishopric the the After andwhere so he can go skiing."sit at the head

with them those who are interested in sion was ended and no solution was Ryfy experience in the church has taught the care of the Aaronic priesthood in offered to get John off the mountain, I *** me that the most powerful motithe wards—the Mutual, and Sunday said to the bishop, "Bishop, are you govating thing I know of in this world is a

School officers, who also are charged ing to leave John out on the mountain testimony of the gospel. Possessing it,

with the responsibility of working with skiing on Sunday mornings?"men and women will do anything; theythe same age group—it seems to me We have a feeling that there should will make any sacrifice. When we

that we have been able to keep closer in be sufficient genius of leadership in this listened here yesterday to the testitouch with the boys. group with the bishopric at the head monies of Brother Kimball and Brother

For instance, through this program assisted by their helpers in the Aaronic Benson, whom we sustained as new we found in one ward thirtythree boys priesthood, the M.I.A., and Sunday members of the quorum of the twelve,

between the ages of twelve and twentySchool workers, that when they pool {Continued on page 711) one who held no priesthood. Another

ward had twenty. When the bishop discovered this, he was as much surprised

as anyone could be. He had never

checked before.

When visiting a stake recently, it was reported to me that a son of one of our recent general authorities had never been ordained, even to the office of a deacon. When his own son was to

be ordained, the bishop asked him if he

Presiding of the ofMembers priesthoodheld such that he could right: Bishopric. Left to

ficiate, and he had to apologize and tell LeGrand Ashton, Marvin 0.

Presiding Bishop, Richards, thatthe bishop never he had even been

L. Wirthlin. Joseph deacon.ordained a time had been A

set, but for some reason he could not come, and no one followed the matter up to find out why.

Only this week I learned that one of our present general authorities was not baptized until he was fifteen, because there was no checkup in the ward. We

now have a program whereby every boy is being looked after—and we are trying to consider the boys more individuNOVEMBER, 1943 683

dealt are of the day with fearlessly. J.A.W.0/l thiL (BooL fiacL THEof the Beveridge plan and ideas. Problems CANCER ON WAR

(Edward Podolsky, Reinhold Publishing

HISTORY OF SOUTHEASTERN gests also the important mineral localities. Company. 1943. 180 pages. $1.75.)

it that is used be written It simply so mayIDAHO is the best survey, and popular a helpful to This presentation in beginners, yet Beal. Printers, Caldwell, by D. (M. Caxton existing available, of the knowledge minerals. with Exexperienced worker theIdaho. 1942. 443 pages. $3.00.) inancient and concerning cancer—man's text. reinforce illustrations cellent

disease, of history the this creasing of excellent enemy."NTotice in these The work A. the—J. W.L it is treatments detected, various the how has columns unfortunately been delayed. M. D. Beal, professor of history at that have shown some success, and the hope PILLARS SECURITY OF THE told are described victory, ultimate of and College,Ricks (on leave), to his brings

Beveridge. Macmillan (Sir William H. averaccurately. clearly, simply, and Thetask for a background an understanding and

$2.50.) 248 pages. York. Company, New find will the trained physician and age man theof subject which combine a to make

r inreadable, informative, the and book reliable,scholarly, of readable security for the and work. Plan Beveridge The J",HE

increasing teresting. inroads the of view Involume takes of the fact cognizance the that to the cradle has grave"from "the man

this disease of a brief life, such human uponarbitrary political boundaries of Idaho publicity. are twentyHere worldwide had

ignore the geographical and industrial contwo addresses on the same general subject, treatise should be welcomed by all.

siderations which would tend to divide the though under a variety of specific titles.—J. A. W.

gem state into three spheres of influence Those interested will here find amplification {Concluded on bottom of opposite page) ten counties north of the Salmon River; sixteen counties southwest from the "River of

No Return"; and eighteen counties of the

south and southeast, which area "includes 38 percent of the wealth, largely represented by 47 percent of all Idaho's farm lands."It

is to this lastnamed section that ProfessorBeal's book devotes itself, first settled (as In the Spotlight of was, therefore, the state of Idaho itself), by

Mormon colonists.

Presettlement history, Indian tribes, trappers, explorers, mines and mining, and agricultural and commercial growth all receiveenlightening treatment, as also the politicalCHURCH BOOK IEWS religious complications of earlier years, which are frankly dealt with. For the student of history, for the general reader, and Several longtime favorites are always in the spotlight

for interest everyone in an who has the of interest wherever lovers of church literature are to be found.colorful of the background inland West,

Professor significant Beal has produced a his pieceand engaging writing in of History Every new book in this field receives a cordial welcomeof Southeastern Idaho.—R. L. E. and careful appraisal from the many earnest searchers after

ideas and inspiration.

UTAH—THE STATE AND

ITS GOVERNMENT Here are a few of the old and the new:

(Charles P. Schleicher & G. Homer

Durham. Oxford Book Company, 1. ARTICLES OF FAITH 85c and $1.25New York. 1943. 124 pages. 2. A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN AMERICA 1.50Paperbound $.35.)

3. DANIEL HANMER WELLS 2.50

brief'T'his and highly useful work from the 4. ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY 2.00 able collaborators, * pens of two assistant

professors of political science at the Univer- 5. EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS 1.85

sity of Utah (on leave), and the Utah State 6. FOR THIS MY GLORY 2.50

Agricultural College, respectively, is, ac- 7. GOSPEL DOCTRINE 2.50

tocording the first to preface the book, the "general to book Utah government"on ap- 8. GOSPEL STANDARDS 2.25

pear "since Dr. George Thomas published 9. INSPIRATIONAL TALKS 1.00

his Civil Government of Utah in 1912."But 10. IN THE GOSPEL NET 1.25

this latest work is more than a book on Utah 11. LIFE OF PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH 2.50

government. insight With concise and econ12. MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES 1.00

of the reader's time it givesomy a picture of the geography and climate, historical 13. PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH 2.50

background, the constitution, the people, the 14. PROGRESS OF MAN 1.50

economy, and the social and political com15. RECREATION IN THE HOME.25

ofplexion the anyone state. For who wants

accurate pres16. TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH 2.00a quick and of Utah's view

entday government and of the roots from 17. THE WAY TO PERFECTION 1.25

which it has come, with much incidental. 18. THIS DAY AND ALWAYS 1.50

data besides, this creditable and inexpensive 19. VOICE FROM THE DUST - 3.00

offerspublication much for the money and 20. UNTO THE HILLS 1.50 L. E.the time.—R.

MINERALS Watch for announcement of two new books:

(Herbert S. Zim and Elizabeth K. Cooper.

Harcourt, Brace and Company, New FAITHPROMOTING STORIES

York. 368 pages. $3.00.) THE CHURCH IN WAR AND PEACE

Among hobbies none can be more fascinating than mineralogy. Minerals are

found everywhere. They are numerous.

all, beauty. Nearly are of exquisiteMany DESERET BDDK COMPANY

in to iron value ore, havefrom diamonds 44 East South Temple Street the economic world. Salt Lake City 10, Utah

This book describes and explains the classification,identification, uses and of Owned"THE BOOKby theCENTERChurch OFof JesusTHE INTERMOUNTAINChrist of LatterdayWEST"Saints them,minerals. It tells and how to collect

how to build a private collection. It sug684 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

AUTHORITIES OF THE CHURCH SUSTAINED, WARD AND BRANCH

CHANGES, AND DEATHS

General authorities and officers of the church were Archie Johnson chosen president of the Uintah Stakesustained at the opening session of the general conferCHURCH WELFARE COMMITTEE to succeed Hyrum B. Calder.

this afternoon.ence president of chosen L. the Taylor Elton Carbon

ADVISERS to Jorgensen. succeed Stake, George E. to were names the conference The by

president chosen of the Elder S. Abel Rich Box E. AlbertPresident Bowen, Widtsoe, received Marion the unaniDavid John A. and G. O. presentedMcKay

to Bunderson. Stake, succeed Hervin Clifford vote of the E. Young, Alma E. leadership,mous assembled Romney, priesthood McKay, as Thomas

of the president Holt chosen North George Harold Ivins,follows: Smith, R. Nicholas Antoine Sonne, G. John H.

Miller. Stake, D. Arnold Davis Taylor, Richards, Ashton. Marvin Joseph O. LeGrand

of the president chosen C. Lloyd Union Walchto succeed Society. general Relief of presidency L. Wirthlin,

to Ariel Bean. succeed George Stake GENERAL AUTHORITIES OF THE

Mitchell president chosen Harold of the Mt. Joseph COMMITTEE GENERAL

to succeed Stake, Kimball. Spencer Graham CHURCH

Robert L. Judd, vice Moyle, chairman; Henry D.

director; Lee, managing chairman: B. Harold Marion FIRST PRESIDENCY STAKE ORGANIZED NEW

assistant director; Austin, managing Romney, G. Mark prophet, revelator, seer Grant, and Heber and J. 16, Stake, organized division Sugar a House by May Sterling Ryberg, E. C. William Edmunds, Clyde ofpresident the of of Jesus Christ Latterday Church Stake, of the the H. of and consists Highland Bryan, EdgeBarker. Stringam Stevens, Nelson, A. HowardSaints.

Emerson, Sugar Mountain and Wasatch House, first first Clark, in presithe counselor Jr., Reuben J. wards. Viewhill,dency. OFFICERS AUXILIARY GENERAL first in the counselor second David O. McKay, ORGANIZED WARDS NEWpresidency. THE OF CHURCH Imperial Stake, diviHighland formed a Ward, by

sion of the Stratford and Highland Park wards. PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE RELIEF SOCIETY WOMAN'S NATIONAL

Stake, Park Avenue a Highland Ward, formed by APOSTLES TWELVE president; division Howells, of Marcia Stratford K. Brown Lyman, Amy Ward. Albert George Smith.

first Spafford, counselor; counselor; S. Belle second First Granger Stake, a Oquirrh formed Ward, by

all present as conof the at board the with division members the of Granger Ward. COUNCIL APOSTLES THE OF TWELVE stituted. Granger Second Stake, Oquirrh formed Ward, by a

Richards, Smith, F. Albert George George Joseph division the of Granger Ward.

Smith,Fielding Richards, R. Richard Stephen Ly- L Mountain Stake, Ward, Sugar DESERET UNION House SCHOOL View formed SUNDAY

Merrill,man, Charles A. Widtsoe, John F. Joseph a division the of by Parleys Stake, Highland Ward, superintendent; R. general George Bennion, MiltonCallis, Lee, Albert E. B. Spencer Harold Bowen, W.A. a portion of the and Edgehill Sugar House Ward, first Reiser. superintendent; Hill, assistant A. HamerKimball, Ezra T. Benson. Stake.

all the assistant superintendent; members with second Fairmont Granite Stake, diviWard, formed by a constituted. at present as the of board PATRIARCH THE TO CHURCH of sion the Forest Dale wards. Park Nibley and

F. Smith. Joseph Marlborough Stake, Granite Ward, formed by a MEN'S IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL YOUNG division the of Richards and wards. Hawthorne ASSOCIATION the counselors presidency, twelve in the first The Twentyninth Stake, Ogden Ward, formed Ogden

general superintendent; Morris, Josephapostles, Q. prophets, to the church as George the patriarch and of a division by Eighth Ward. the Ogden

first superintendent; Burton K. assistant Cannon, revelators. J.seers and

all with assistant superintendent; second Farnsworth, DISORGANIZED WARDS

constituted. at the present of the as board members ASSISTANTS TWELVE THE TO Snowflake Shumway Ward, dependent Stake—made

Son- E. McKay, G. Marion Alma the Thomas Romney, on Taylor Ward. IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL WOMEN'S YOUNGne, Smith. Clifford E. Nicholas Young, G. Deseret Abraham Ward, annexedi Stake—membership ASSOCIATION to Sutherland Ward.

president; Spencer WilCannon, Helen Grant Lucy in; Adamsville TRUSTEEIN-TRUST Beaver stored Stake—records Ward,

first liams, counselor; second Goddard, V/. Verna office. Stake Grant. Heber J. as all of the board counselor; of with the members Christ of Jesus for trusteein-trust the Church As

at constituted. present ORGANIZED, INDEPENDENT BRANCHES Saints. Latterdayof

THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY PRIMARY ASSOCIATION AvondaleCarmichaelBranch,Branch,PhoenixSacramentoStake.Stake.

Stake. Terrace Branch, president; Weber Howells, Adele Cannon LaVern W. Antoine R. Levi Edgar Young, Ivins, Samuel O.

Blaine Star Stake. Branch, Lone first second counselor; Boyle, Dessie Parmley, G. Taylor, H.Bennion, Hardy, John Richard Rufus K. L.

Stake, Branch, at Weiser Owyhee as board of the counselor; with all of the membersEvans, Oscar A. Kirkham.

Stake. Cortez Branch, Young constituted. present

PRESIDING BISHOPRIC bishop: presiding Richards, Marvin LeGrand O. WARD AND BRANCH CHANGES WARDSKline Ward,MADEYoungINDEPENDENTStake. BRANCHES first counselor; L. Wirthlin,Ashton, second Joseph

counselor, AND DEATHS Rockport Ward, Summit Stake.

Changes in church officers, in stake, ward and INDEPENDENT BRANCH DISCONTINUED conference the last April since organizations Ophir Branch, Tooele Stake.GENERAL OFFICERS OF THE CHURCH branch

the conclerk of Anderson, were presented by Joseph

CHURCH HISTORIAN AND RECORDER ference. INDEPENDENT BRANCH MADE

Joseph Fielding Smith, with A. William Lund as DEPENDENT BRANCH

assistant. NEW MISSION PRESIDENTS Carson City Branch, Reno Stake.

CHURCH BOARD OF EDUCATION SmithJosephas Quinney,president Jr.,of appointedthe Canadianto succeedMission.David A. INDEPENDENT BRANCHES COMBINED

Clark, David Jr., Grant, Reuben O. Heber to J. CliftonMorenci appointed C. succeed Romney, Branch, Thomas F. Stake. John Mt. Graham

Richards, Smith, Fielding Stephen L JosephJ.McKay, the of president as States Central Mission. Bowman

S. BenWidtsoe, A. R. Lyman, JohnRichard I. Adam to appointed Stoddard succeed David Leo Muir J. OBITUARIES

Callis, Franklin Merrill, Charles F.nion, A. Joseph of president the States as Mission. Northern President Rudger of Clawson the council of the secretary Evans, Frank AlbertL. Bowen. E. to West, appointed Meeks, succeed Heber P. William twelve died June served as apostle an since October treasurer.and as president the of States Southern Whitaker Mission. 10, 1898, and was21; president of the council of the to Doxey, appointed succeed H. Graham P. James twelve since 1918. EDUCATION as president of the East OF States Central Jensen COMMISSIONER Mission. Elder Sylvester of Cannon Q. the council the of to Smith, appointed A. David succeed H. John Tay- L. Franklin West. twelve apostles since 14, 1938, and former of the lor as president Mission. Block Temple presiding bishop, died 29, 1943. MayApril

SUPERVISORS SEMINARY Green Hinckley, May general president of the TEMPLE PRESIDENTS NEW Association since 1, Karl January Bennion, Wood. Lynn 1940, J. M. died

2, 1943. MayPrimary to appointed succeed Robert R. Lewis Anderson D.

President Joseph Quinney, Jr., the of Canadian COMMITTEE FINANCE of the as AUDITING president MisManti Young Temple. AND

sion and former Logan president, Temple died to Christiansen appointed El L. Sepsucceed Joseph Ray S. Bowen, George Albert E. Adams, Orval W. 13, tember 1943. as of president the Jr., Quinney, Temple. Logan Bennett. HaroldSpencer, H.

Hillier, S. Robert second counselor in presidency president of Falls appointed the Idaho Smith David

the of Stake, Summit and former bishop of the HoytsTemple. CHOIR TABERNACLE ville died Ward, 7, July 1943.

Cornwall, Spencer president; Lester Hewlett, F. Bishop Clift, B. Vyvyan Arlington Ward, Los PRESIDENTS STAKE CHOSEN conductor. assistantJ. Condie, Richard P.conductor; Stake, Angeles died 4, September 1943, after having,

president chosen the Halverson of Smithserved A. Reed about three years.

ORGANISTS Stake, succeed Alfred Chambers. Bishop Franklin B. W. Birtcher, Globe Ward, St. Joseph

president chosen Wheeler Stake, of the new M.to died Thomas Schreiner, September after Alexander 4, 1943, Frank W. Asper, Wade N. field having served!

Stake. House Sugar 14 about years. assistant.Stephens,

( Concluded from page 684 ON THE BOOK RACK

A SENSE OF HUMUS Read not today the journal's crowded page,"the wooded and rocky lands of New Hamp- (Bertha Damon. Illustrated by Claire the author proceeds to emphasize the need shire. The book is replete with incidents;

Leighton. Simon and Schuster, New to get back to the earth and fasten to the about real people, some of whose names*

York. 1943. 250 pages. $2.50.) security of the changeless land. The author have been given. But more important than

sense of a keen incidents and is the be names atmosphere which/ humor—as a quotation

title the of the from Whitman to inhasguessed inby theWith carries of book getting close to the book—andmay troduce the book, the to the troduces reader philosearth homely reestablishing and permanent values.

"Nay, tell me not today the publish'd shame, ophy and the wholesome folk who inhabit—M. C. /.

NOVEMBER, 1943 685.

October Conference 3. That we do not believe in the literal Colonial Heights Ward, Portland Stake,mchummmmsan

The 114th semiannual general conresurrectionis no conclusiveof the deadproof bodythat becauseit has thereever ScottElbaH.Ward,PartridgeRaftsucceedsRiver Stake,John Adams.Fredrick

ference of the church held in the Salt happened. E. Ottley succeeds J. Edward Rasmussen.

Lake Tabernacle October l r 2, and 3, The above statements are substantiated Taylor Ward, Shelley Stake, Chester O.

was limited in attendance to the priestin the June, 1942, issue of News Review. Hansen succeeds Vernon E. Curtis.

hood leadership of the church. The A further statement relative to infant Pinedale Ward, Snowflake Stake, Alfirst general session was held Friday baptism is as follows: "In the baptising of bert R. Wahl succeeds Elijah M. Thomas,

it is infant, is Jr. essential, whilst there not afternoon, the and conan conference

Stake, Snowflake Donald Heber Ward, its that in performance a certain magic tinued three through sessions on SaturCrandell Shelsucceeds H. Glenn Thomas satisfies the longings parents."the of sessionsday and Five two on Sunday. ley.

six the of sessions broadcast were Southern Arizona Stake, Douglas Ward, Chapel Honors the from tabernacle station Scott radio succeeds Ether Haynie. Edgar by

in Era, announced the September As Stake, Bisbee Southern Arizona Ward,KSL. The tabernacle was well filled *** presiding Earl R. succeeds 526, the Gussie Peterson bishopric page is Henry at all sessions.

Hardt. rating property church on the folnow Elders Spencer and Kimball W. Stake, Howard San Juan Ward, Moab basis: lowing appointed Benson, T.Ezra newly memsucceeds Lance R. McConkie. William

1 Bishop's atconcept of and bers of the council the twelve, of were Stake, MerJensen Uintah Ward, J. Ross

titude building toward and sustained. rill succeeds Merkley. Lloyd

Friday evening a special meeting grounds program 10 points Wilford Ward, Yellowstone Stake, Danwas held under the direction of the 2. Attitude of members toward iel L. Romrell succeeds Rulon Romrell.

presiding bishopric for bishoprics and church property 10 points stake presidencies. (See page 643 for 3. Outside condition of buildWeek-day Religious Education

ing points 20 Index.)Conference thirty high thousand A pproximately 4. Condition of grounds 20 points "** in intermountain the students school

5. Inside condition points of building....25 ProgramWelfare religious states are receiving weekday

the of food percentTJighty and 6. careCustodian and custodian 15 points sixeducationseminariesthis yearoperatedin thebyonethehundredchurch the required"L/ clothing Welfare by

program of the church is now produced Buildings receiving 6579 points will department of education.

within the program itself. This perreceive a certificate of honor; 8089 Thirteen institutes of religion for colcentage will be raised by the recently points will receive high honors; and 90lege students are also being conducted

added 133acre dairy farm near Heber 100 points highest honors. this year.

City, Utah, operated by the Northeastern Utah Region, which will proDeath Army Physical Record 1943, Florence Parker Mary consumption May 9, for immediate milkduce statistics just released to A CCORDING

Australia, Ensnore, supervisor surpluses Bailey, the program and *** Welfareby service selective headby national to be condensed by Welfare canneries. of genealogical work in the Australian quarters, Utah ranks second lowest in

In seven years of operation the WelMission. the number of men rejected for military

fare plan has grown until it now inservice because of physical defects.

cludes ninety bishops'storehouses, Bishops, Presiding Elders The national average is 8.4%, comeach serving a stake, a region, the genCardston First Ward, Alberta Stake, pared with the Utah average of 5.3%.

Forest of James or combination aeral Heber committee, Wood succeeds is the fewest the state with J. Wyoming Matkin. least sixtyfive units. are atthese There 4-F's, with number of 5.2%. Stake, Cliff Trenton Ward, Benson Wiser of units. season growingcanning The

Cottle. succeeds Archie J. of acres 9,500 approximately1943 saw Excommunications First Stake, Bear Tremonton River Ward,

the program. in withinland use I. B. Sandall succeeds Donald Wayne 2, 1892, born July Hoffman, Archibald Green. priest. in Central a Excommunicated BritainLetter from Stake, River Bear Oliver Howell Ward, Salt Stake, SepSouth Park Lake Ward, of succeeds Charles B. Gunnell. Wigan, Clifford Hartley Munk"Older 19, 1943. tember*-* Branch, Kenilworth Stake, Carbon Evan with England, Lancashire, who Kirstein. Gottlieb Karl Excommunicated

F. B. succeeds Peter Christensen. Smith recently a Heyes in District Princess, Isabel E. made of Brazilian MisHorace Richards Stake, Granite Linden Ward, sion, 9, 1943. trip bicycle an August tothirtymile round by B. succeeds Alder V. Thompson. James Holly, 1886, 22, October born an Grant to church conduct camp armyAmerican Stake, Hawthorne Granite LauWard, elder. in Buffalo, Eastern Excommunicated at feel brethren theservices "make and rence succeeds Richards Mil- B. Vern W. States Mission, 1943. 30, August a this submits country,"in lard. herehome

1, 1887. April Holly, Ethel born Walker Stake, Gunnison interest Gunnison Ward, usual than Elmo of morestatement in Buffalo, States Eastern Excommunicated Christiansen. Sorenson succeeds Hyrum Mission, 1943. 10, August set ecclesiastical commission was An Stake, Beach Compton Ward, Long

a formulate to out and study in 1922apart Lionel E. Sant. succeeds Walter Jarman R. "Deseret Section Church News"in for the teaching of doctrinestatement Stake, Second Draper Mt. Jordan Ward, this in parishes of felt Englandthe church Church for long the has 'T'he need Pierce Otis succeeds A. Heber J. Smith. reformed the commission 1937 A Incountry. a weekly medium. Sepnews On Stake, Heyburn Minidoka Ward, Raystudies their of result the known, madeand 18, the tember Deseret weekly News Heiner. succeeds S. Burch Elmer mond till print 1942. in not put they werethough

The findings themselves are wrapped up in Waikiki Ward, Oahu Stake, Fred E. Church Section was enlarged from eight

the usual orthodox phraseology, but Lunt succeeds J. F. Woolley. to twelve pages to meet this demand. It

stripped of all this they are as follows: Hayward Ward, Oakland Stake, Wilis announced that the new Church Sec-

1. That we cannot accept the Virgin ford T. Webb succeeds Owen L. Stewart. tion is available at a subscription price

birth of Jesus Christ because there is no conWhittier Ward, Pasadena Stake, John F. of three dollars a year in areas where

clusive proof that it ever happened. Baker succeeds Campbell Garrick. the daily Deseret News is not delivered

carrier. Riverdale Stake, Orville by Oneida Ward, the existence 2. accept cannot That we the same time, the Progress o/ the At Isaac succeeds M. Evans. this earth other than upon Neeleyof heaven a

which we dwell because no one has ever St. Helens Branch, Portland Stake, ClifChurch, which has been published

seen it. ford Bagley succeeds Frank F. Klingler. monthly by the presiding bishopric for

686 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

::-.': ': '::::."':: ": -.--'.

the bishoprics and stake presidencies, ': ''..

became a weekly feature of the Church

Section.

Correspondents have been named in all parts of the church who will report items of church interest.

Features of the enlarged section are:

"Talks to Teachers,"by Dean John T.

Wahlquist of the School of Education,

University of Utah; messages from the

general authorities of the church; picture stories from the Bible; church history stories by Preston Nibley alternating with Book of Mormon stories by

Ramona Wilcox Cannon; letters from

Latterday Saint service men; the text

of the preceding Sunday evening sermon delivered over radio station KSL;

a genealogical page, and priesthood material.

From Several Fronts Pictures read from top to bottom:

Latterday Saints in the service at a Texas medical replacement training center are seen here following one of their regular Sunday evening meetings.

First row, left to right: Lt. Shepherd, Miss 0. Dean,

Mrs. P. Minnick, Nurse Watson, Mrs. J. Freckelton, C.

Dunlop, T. Rohhins. Second row: T. Hall, L. Waters, L.

Warner, S. Phillips, M. Guymon, M. Yarbrough, G. Crosby. Third row: T. Plumb, J. Bodily, V. Morgan, H.

Holt, W. King, C. Smith. Fourth row: V. Kraft, J.

Tyler, Lt. S. Quist, G. Tobler, J. Graver. Fifth row: A.

Burgess, J. Kochhein, E. Winder, H. Johnson, D. Winters,

K. Stilson.—Photograph by Sgt. John Freckelton.

forces construcof the but as as members armedtoo—nottionTheseworkersLatterday Saints are serving away from home, everywhere, in Alaska. Like groups Mormon

they have conducted their own church services '"testimony meetings such as we had never beheld before."Elder Ben

Sanford of Centinella Ward, higlewood Stake, spent a lonely month in the Alaskan camp as the only Latterday

Saint, but for the seven months past has had the company 1 of fellow here. First pictured row, left members to * Illrffiv

Merrill, Bergen,D. A. J. McKee, L. Machem, G. Murphy right: W '*4"

Robertshaw. Freckelton,S. Second Baldridge, row: Call, sSgt. C. Kershaw, G. Anderson, D. Smith, W. Humphrey,: *t* *::!,:*

Harris,A. R. Fair- N. Shearer. Standing: Magelby, D.

bourn, M. Duke, A. Bell, M. Bell, J. Christopherson, M.

Romney, G. Judd, B. Sanford.

!f\

seen here are all of the missionaries in the Mexican! """'

Mission as they met in June, among Uiem a number of '1ft eldersMexican and lady missionaries, most of them from % inthe Juarez Chihuahua. Stake

First row, left to right: Oscar Leath Cluff, Mack Bluth,

Phoebe Sevey Hall, President Arwel! L. Pierce, Mary Done

Pierce, M. Alvin Romney. Second row: Gustavo S. Brown,

Carlos B. Monroy, Blanca Rosa Navarro, Helena Wall, Sab-. Stl: ''.',; -V;.,..ma Estrada, Edna Martineau, Bertha Irma Brown, Nylis '

Skousen, Librado Hernandez. Third row: Clyde Allred,

Joel F. LeBaron, Ervil M. LeBaron, Leland C. Robinson,

Jr., Adelbert R. Taylor, L. La Selle Taylor, Delmar Wagner. Fourth row: Francisco rie los Rios, Dean Farnsworth, Erma Farnsworth, Maurine Lunt, Alleen Memmott,

Albert I. Jarvis, Reed G. Romney, Isidro A. Bautista, Jr.,

Agustin Haro.

The Mexican Mission has nineteen organized branches besides several dependent groups.

Missionaries pictured at a recent Spokane district conference with Elder Harold B. Lee of the council of

the twelve, as he toured the Northwestern States Mission with President Desla S. Bennion. Included in the group

are eight home missionaries.

Front row, left to right: Wallace B. Grant, Wayne C.

Durham, Elder Harold B. Lee, Sister Lee, Desla S. Bennion, mission president; Sister Bennion, Reatha J. Evans.

Second row: Sister Orrin Lee, Delia Coombs, Sister Felix

Dicus, Zella Wadsworth, Margaret Kline, Sister Lee Roy

Deeter, Lois Rigtrup. Third row: George A. Anderson,

Melvin Noble, Felix Dicus, Lee Roy Deeter, Victor Anderson, John R. Ludwig, Jesse B. Reay, Lorin R. Oakey.

Fourth row: E. Kay Hanks, Mayo Zabriskie, Orrin Lee,

Donald B. Roller, Lewis K. Dillie, Heber Boehme, George

B. Handy, Frank D. Day.

Missionaries leaving for the field, who entered the

Salt Lake Missionary Home August 30, and departed

September 8, 1943.

Front row, left to right: Elizabeth L. Reiser, Glenda

M. Stradling, Benjamin R. Croff, Don B. Cotton (director of the Home), Ruth L. Croff, N orma R. Kowallis,

Billie May Beck, Jeannette L. Burns. Back row: William

0. Phetps, Ernest F. Binks, Charles C Allred, William E.

Berrett (instructor), John Fostrom.

{Concluded on page 701)

NOVEMBER, 1943 687 The term "limited"is deceiving. Actually the recent

October conference was more general and farreaching Editorials than the "general"conferences of the past, which in certain respects were really limited—and limiting. A

tabernacle once filled to overflowing by a membership (L*ndurina <=Lona In Ljoou vUorks who "decided to go to conference,"is now equally filled by the church leadership—the administrative officers

AS President Heber J. Grant approaches the eightyfrom far and near who have been specifically bidden to

** seventh anniversary of his birth (November 22) conference to get instructions in the first person to be we sense and record something of a reechoing and taken back in the first person to their respective assemever-widening gratitude and thanksgiving for his long blies. Outlying congregations which sometimes may

enduring good works. have gone unrepresented at general conference now

Elsewhere in this issue more is said of the remarkunite to send their bishop or a quorum president or able quarter century of his administration as president other delegate to the limited conference. In this way a

of the church, which administration began November wider and more vital representation has been secured.

23, 1918—twentyfive years marked by unprecedented No one will deny that the rather businesslike priestgrowth in the church and by unbelievable change and hood convention is more serious than social, that there

crises in the world as it has struggled from war to war. is missing some of the pleasant confusion and openserved Brigham 658.) (See page Only Young incomings of sociability general the house conference—the longer as president than church Heber has now J. Grant the throngs of on Temple Square, the and outgoings

served. many luncheons and reunions, the color and display

Another anniversary is also noted in passing: On and exuberance.

sixtyone 16, 1882, vyears ago, Grant October Heber J.

it too, representathe asked, whether be may And of the ordained a an became and member was is it complete notably, yet tion, so gained although has that the of he has means now quorum twelve—whichapostle, positions hold of key the without women, many whom of authorities the general as of the longer served one

theoretically, beside stand auxiliaries in the who, and dispensation, in this other being he church than any give its councils. should in thought This the priesthood

this in respect closely approached Wilford only by the share reluctant to normally so the men, to pause fiftynine years. served Woodruff, who womenfolk, the their with of world man's experiences

President Grant has often expressed his sentiments for if the classic explanation that women in the church about rusting out instead of wearing out. Rust has share the blessings of the priesthood through their husnever found an opportunity to withstand the burnishbands is to mean anything, the men must in this instance

ing vigor of President Grant's persistent activity. And sense the obligation to bring conference home to their

works—aso there islifetimerejoicingthatin hasIsraelmuchfor morea longthanlife longevityof good wives.

that, the record of the conference has also to make it notable—a life in which there was selfBeyond

dedication in early youth to conformity with the ideals been made more general than ever. Five out of the

reaching and principles of the gospel of Jesus Christ—the life seven sessions in October were broadcast,

of a man who has placed his Father's business forefar and above the number who normally might have most, above all else, for the better part of a century. made their way to Salt Lake City to hear them. The

And may the Father whose bidding he has done, and present issue of the Eva carries conference addresses by whose influence his life has been shaped, give blessinto more than eighty thousand homes and to thouing to all the days of President Heber J. Grant, with sands of Latterday Saints in the service and away from

health, and friends, and loyal family, and trusted ashome, a greater audience than any conference has presociates, among a respected and righteous people. viously enjoyed. The traditional Conference Report

Hands are raised in Israel to sustain him, and hearts bulletin will make it further available. Finally, the

are warm in affection for him. God bless him for enthemes and instructions of the conference will be conduring long and vigorously in good works. R. L. E. veyed to the membership at large by way of succeeding quarterly conferences in stake and ward, district

and branch, where conditions make possible a general assembly not proscribed in any way.

Jhe Lonjremnce Jmna Whenever someone begins to declaim roundly that

Cince April, 1942, the great annual and semiannual he resents the restrictions of the limited conference, gatherings of the church have been described as he might have pointed out to him the limitations limited conferences, attended by delegates from the of the general conference and the generality of wards, stakes, branches, and missions rather than by the the limited conference. And, offhand, he might be

membership at large as it willed. In the interest of efasked whether he availed himself of the untrammeled

ficiencies in time and travel and administration, curtailgift of attendance at his last local ward or stake conment was a matter of expediency, but it is an expediency ference. To judge by the attendance at some of these

whereby something may have been gained as well as leads one to believe that the greatest privilege of consacrificed. ference to many is still the excuse to stay home. W.M.

1897 * >f * Todu5lxtk ArnnLueMam r6Sae * * * 1943

688 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the past. The keeping of records has ever been

enjoined by the Lord upon his people. Each prophet,

patriarchs, years, the early the from days of down the Evidences and left precious pracof teaching has behind body a and tice, of continuous value. Some have recorded in their

messages direct revelations from the Lord. These recreconciliations ords are the foundation of all safe gospel teaching.

Many have been collected in the volume known as the txxii. l/l/kick f-ropket id tke Ljreatedt: Holy Bible. Others are found in the Book of Mormon,

Price. Pearl of Doctrine Covenants, Great and the and

is here designated with as endowed a man A prophet together the precious four form books These most ** to authority called priesthood by the Lord who is earth. library on

in the of the leadership of salvation. unfolding plan The time, necessity of prophet, must of any draw The

in their age, the leaders been, prophets have and day clarifying his past, in treasures these of the of upon own the Lord's work. views and in teaching the people.

of the past been Moses, have Abraham, Such men principles great truth governing of Second. The

Isaiah, others. Lehi, Jeremiah, Samuel, Such men and But, are conditions the unchanging. brought about by dispensation Smith, the present of been have Joseph activity are forever changing. to sailboat human From

office, in to his successors Grant. and Heber J. airship; to horse power; to steamboat from steam power

is threefold of prophets: a need There

lighting; electric the wicklight to greasesoaked from

is It is the divinely organized. of cause Lord The

telerushing telegraph, the the to agent from human earth. perfect organization the Competent on most

multitude phone, a of span and radio—and others—we in organization. necessary successful are leaders every

in impossible. that changes the past unseemed And the of organized stands at the head body The man who future the holds that doubtedly developments today its activities, to to guide Of accepted worshippers and

be God's mouthpiece, is the prophet of that day and are equally inconceivable.

group. Such changes affect human thinking. New social and

is the spiritual problems outlook economic arise. Even its in given and to Adam, purity was The gospel

to the duty of the prophet Then, it becomes his descendants; there but through has been him to a invaded.

constant falling away from the truth. The whisperings teach how the eternal laws of the gospel may be applied

of the tempter have led men into evil deeds. Apostasy amidst constant change, for the benefit and blessing of

has followed apostasy. Consequently, successive reshumanity. The prophet does not discard new ways for

torations of the truth have become necessary. The old ones, if truth is preserved. He is not a reactionary,

prophet restates the ancient truths, and seeks to hold the but ever a progressive, holding, however, the new and people to the unchanging laws of the gospel. the old to gospel law. He gives life to that which is new

Each age has its own peculiar problems. Each disas it blossoms upon the ruins of the old, by the constant

pensation carries forward into new situations the Lord's application to it of principles of truth.

plan for human welfare. Additional revelation from the This adherence to and use of the principles of the

Lord is needed to meet the problems of a progressive gospel in an age of changing conditions has characterunfolding plan. Such new truths, emanating from ized the lives of the prophets. It has often been their

divinity, come only through the prophet of the day. main responsibility.

These functions of a prophet are well illustrated in Third. The prophet is but a man. He draws heavily

the available histories of the prophets. Enoch spent his upon the past. He seeks inspiration from the Lord for his

life calling the people to repentance from their violation daily work. There comes at times the need for new

of the requirements of the gospel. Abraham became knowledge from heaven. Then, if it be the proper time,

the founder of the people through whom the Lord would the Lord speaks. New revelation is given. Pressing

accomplish his purposes on earth. Moses led the chosen problems are solved by a knowledge beyond that of

people into a freedom which would enable them, subman.

ject to their obedience, to carry out their high commisThe prophet is never wholly dependent upon the sion. Samuel had the task of guiding Israel when the past. He may always draw upon the fount of truth

prophets have done this. kings. Isaiah and wisdom. All the the leadership of chose to people be under

to bring labored the people from and Jeremiah a condition of idolatry into paths of purity and truth. Lehi Which then of all these prophets is the greatest?

was called to reestablish the church on the American Since all have done equally well the work assigned to continent. them, they are equally great. By the same token, the

Joseph Smith was commissioned to restore the doclast ordained elder and the veteran apostle are equal trine, organization, and authority of the church to a before the Lord, if they do their assigned work equally generation which had lost these fundamentals of the well. That is the test of heaven.

Church of Christ. Joseph Smith's successors have been But, which prophet is the most important to us? That

engaged in carrying forward the restoration, in prois the more incisive question.

claiming its truth to all the world, and in building The most important prophet in any age is the living securely the Church of Christ, through which the Lord prophet. The prophets who have gone before have left

will soon accomplish his purposes relative to the last to us their precious teachings which will be used for days. the instruction and comfort of mankind. But, it is the

All these men were teachers and defenders of the living prophet who helps us by his teachings, example, gospel. In addition, each had his special work to do. and direction to meet and to solve the problems of

Each has left behind a message for succeeding generatoday, our day. To follow the living prophet, the intions. terpreter of the past, is the essence of wisdom. The very

Above all, so prophetic history reveals, each prophet strength of the church lies in the doctrine of continuwas called to serve the needs of his own generation. ous revelation through a living prophet.

Therein lay his power to advance the unchanging cause In that sense, the living prophet is the greatest prophet.

of the Lord. In accomplishing this, in admonishing the Heber J. Grant is our living prophet. His life and

people to gospel obedience, three major helps and proworks have given full evidence of his prophetic power.

cedures were at his command. As we follow him, and give heed to his word, joy and

First. The prophet of any age draws upon the records success will descend upon us.—J. A. W.

NOVEMBER, 1943 689 y

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSONAccountwmimBooks when"Doeswe Daddy'scan't affordaccountthings,bookMother?"tell him By Lucia Mallot Freda inquired. J[ff

finds out from Daughter, he "Yes,

B. Nichols By Josephine *'*R7[ust have the account much how book we iVA bookI keepup tothisdate,stuffyMother?old accountIt's schoolclothes, for food, spending been Suggestions for Thanksgiving Dinner

such Roast Turkey Mya bother!"twelveyear-old niece, Freda, books,how muchlight,we water,have spentand forheat—evenfun and

stood in the kitchen doorway, holding a good times, and he can tell about how Prepare and weigh turkey. Place in shallarge to the I drippings hold enough pan length. at arm's small notebook was fulow in the shall to spend need much we the from that long cooking and so enough the of atspending a week home my finds that can ture. out he we bird part of the the over hangs no edges I sister, in country. Doris, the She and refrigerator our afford new in to drip the Oven. the not roastOftenthings—like cover Do for drying. corn preparing sweetwere this summer."in electric ing the oven, and pan do

Doris looked up at her daughter with "I am glad Daddy could buy the new baste. Sprinkle a little salt in the bottomnotof

that smile. as morning, she Busy wasa the replied. "It keeps will brown and season the driprefrigerator,"Freda pan—it

girl talk to the little time to tookshe pings for gravy. and and cold so nice watermelons

about her problem. freezes such good ice cream!"Put the bird into the cold oven; set the

the unit temperature and bottom turn on take "Keeping does account books for ice like to cream "I'd some have only. the according to time given Roast it is thetime, agreed, she "but Freda,"suggested. Doris today,"Lucia Aunt below: to spending too frombest keep way it, like to Freda? you would make "How bird hours 10pound debt. into going and Did moneymuch fix if evening It you will ready be by bird 12pound hours 'I 360*—3H360375*—3 say, don't hear ever youryou Daddy it now."bird 15pound hours 350—4M all gone'?"has where moneyknow my that!"I'd like to Mother, do 325*-350*—-5 "Oh, bird hours 20pound

"No, Mother,"Freda replied. Freda exclaimed. "I'll make the kind

"That is because he keeps a record in we had for Daddy's birthday. Then I'm Dressing

allhis of stale the he account 6 bread cups money book crumbs I book. account going on to work my

finely 2 onion grated teaspoons all out. that in hetakes pays and He like to date, just to keep it up want

1 egg just have muchknows money we how Daddy's!"butter drippings 4 or tablespoons left. Itspent have and much how we

salt, pepper is the of thing to end to a sad come poultry teaspoon seasoning l/z itone's not has where and money know 1 liquid cup T> sorrygone. remember you we how Do in fry butter Melt and add crumbs pan

all last nice winter our were when lightly. seasonings. and crumbs Brown

neighbor, Mrs. Brewster, moved Stuff moisten. to egg enough water and Add

Payment for Handy Hints used will be full, bird,away/ close opentwo-thirds about and publication. the event dollar In one upon ing. Brewster "Yes, Mother. Mrs. Did

submitted, idea are the with that two same her because away moneymove Cranberry Cocktail the receive will earlier was all the postmarked onegone?"

"That's exactly the reason she had to dollar.but eachNonewill ofreceivethe ideascarefulcanconsideration.be returned, I 22 cupscup orangecranberriesjuice

give up her own home, Freda,"Doris 34 cup lemon juice continued. "When her husband died, 2 cups water

cranberries water. Cover. and Combine in dip or using, before lemon them brown all her to supply needsmoney—enoughshe was left with quite a large sum of To prevent peeled bananas from turning sugar soft. until Strain. berries are slowly Cook juice. for prepare pineapple them Then life if spentfor the rest of she her juice. to orange lemon and Sweeten Add City. desserts. it salads or F. Lake M. J., Salt didn'twisely. account keep an She Chill. taste. appetizer. Serve as an

realize didn't shebook, and much how beans, string or cabbage, cooking When Rolls Refrigerator AllBran all until at she spendingshe once was cloth place small other odorous vegetables a 1 shortening cup fact that to the her up money kettle. ofwoke was in of This top bread bag crumbs

1 boiling water cup didn't odors. gone. absorbs Arialmost have Mrs, Tempe, She enough R. E sugar cup % living in theleft to of a zona. expense meet allbran cereal 1 cup

of her to to so shehouse own, had go salt teaspoons 1J left white the dining marks remove on To ladies.live for in old writes She a home (well beaten) 2 eggs etc., dishes, table hot apply room camby

is that pleasant her 2 yeast and cakes compressed homeme new it oil directiy to the phorated spot. Let

1 water cup lukewarm missescomfortable, she old her but if for longer, minutes, necesstand or a few friends and neighbors, and wishes she sary, and wipe off, then polish with furni- 6 cups flour allbran, boiling shortening, water, Mix living ture here."could T. Utah. have polish.—Mrs. gone on E. W., Ogden,

salt, is until stirring shortening melted. and think Brewster Mrs. could you "Do until stand mixture is lukewarm. Add last holders longer, the Let pot sew make To if she stayed here kepthave had softened cakes eggs yeast and in lukewarm an clasps garters of old corners. to the They

account book, Mother?"Freda asked hang quickly and easily, and neither scorch water. Add flour. Beat thoroughly. Cover

soberly. or wear off. Mr. L. F Weiser, Idaho. bowl and place in refrigerator overnight or

"Yes, Freda, I am sure of that. Mrs. until ready to use. Form balls of dough to

line, airing clothing place the on fill When full. rise tins half muffin Let about two said thatBrewster she to was had why

the garment instead of hangers coat on two (450 in F.) hours. hot oven about Bake After her spent,move. been had money one, the reverse that they and hooks so rolls. minutes. 20 dozen Makes 3j it there to get back,and no was way line will the form around a circle and not

she told me all about it. That is one blow off. Mrs. C. S.t Rhinelander, Wise. Jellied Beet Salad

reason why your daddy and I have had 1 package lemon gelatin

I places, liquid beet the following: pillow 1 cup made Two don't to ever you want makeWeall of you children keep account books. From an old print housecoat, worn in 1 cup boiling water

1 cases, richandkerchiefs, tablespoon vinegar the old two saved as mistakea Brewster made. Mrs. suchWe (still salt to trim good) teaspoon an from apron made 154 to of record a havewant you what you rac

1 sack, fastener, a sugar diced beets saved one cooked cup snap the done withhave money we have 1 starched belt for the celery laundered and diced curcup forgiven you an allowance and any tain gelatin in boiling water. tiebacks.—Mrs. G. A. M Murray, Dissolve lemon

that earn."money you Utah. (Concluded 692) on page

690 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA INSTANT COOKING flaked WHOLE WHEAT CEREAL WHAT S NEW ABOUT IT? New in taste! New in texture! ZOOM is

a new instantcooking cereal that's nonrationed, flavorrich, and nutritious! New because it won't lump, won't stick to the pan, won't turn to

"mush."New because it is flaked.

ZOOM IS INSTANT COOKING! Simply stir ZOOM into salted boiling

water, turn off the heat, and let it thicken to taste. ZOOM—instantcooking—gives a new lift to hurried folks—a hot breakfast ready to serve

in a jiffy.

ZOOM TASTES GOOD—IS GOOD! Whole wheat supplies protein, B

vitamins, phosphorus, and iron—ZOOM is 100 per cent whole wheat.

ZOOM's a wartime boon because its whole wheat food values supplement meat, cheese, and other scarce foods.

CHILDREN LOVE ZOOM! its one hot cereal they eat without mother's coaxing. They

eat ZOOM because it tastes so good!

LISTEN TO: NEWS on Station KUTA, Salt Lake City,

Monday through Friday—8:55 A.M., 11:30 A.M. and 3:00

P.M. "DICK TRACY"on Station KUTA, Monday through

Friday -4:30 P.M.

Buy War Bonds and Help Shorten the War!

NOVEMBER, 1943 691 Cooks'Corner {Concluded from page 690) Add cold liquid, vinegar, and salt. Chill

until slightly thickened, then fold in vegetables. Pour into a mold and chill. Serve

on lettuce leaves, with mayonnaise.

Pumpkin Pie

cups mashed pumpkin cup sugar Yi teaspoon salt

water cup 2AX2 cup evaporated milk eggs teaspoon ginger 34 teaspoon nutmeg Mix sugar and seasonings. Add pumpkin,

beaten eggs, and milk. Pour into unbaked

crust. Bake at 450 F. for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 325 F. for 20 minutes.

God Moves in a Mysterious Way By O. F. Ursenbach

fifty years ago of Aboutthe poet,one hundredWilliam Cowper,

England, discouraged, disappointed in love, disconsolate and morose, was, by some unseen hand, rescued from three successive suicidal attempts. Eventually finding himself, he

wrote those immortalized lines: "God

moves in a mysterious way, His wonders to perform."

Perhaps there are few who, having been beneficiary of divine aid in crises of hazardous occupations, have greater reason to lisp: God moves in a mysterious way, than the writer of these lines.

The accounts of my having been marvelously saved from strychnine lethally administered, rescued from drowning under the ice, and other events of my boyhood, can not be given place in the essential brevity of this article.

However, some later events attended by manifestations of divine aid directly bestowed, are narrated in the following incidents.

While I was working on the Francis and Sons cattle ranch above the head of Lost Creek, near Wasatch, Utah, a doctor gave me a bottle of medicine with instructions to take four drops each morning in a glass of water. But

inadvertantly, and to my peril, I took four spoonfuls; excruciating pain followed and Joseph Francis, ( he and I being alone in the canyon ), was helpless

to give me aid. In my frenzy, for some

reason I dashed into a dense growth of mountain willows to where there had been an old sheepdip long since aban-

I spied an at Buckwheats Just Like Grandma's doned.old brownIn abottle,thicket whichof brushI once

It that was turpentine been had Extraspecial! For meatless days serve oldtime seized.

I years. there for Quickly imbibed

buckwheat pancakes with newtime tenderness freely—anything to stop that terrible

and lightness. They're a real treat anytime with pain. Joe followed me into the brush,

that fully expecting I had, perhaps, Globe "Al"Buckwheat Pancake Flour.

his surprise, out, but to passed lying on the ground, I had partially recovered.

I explained to the doctor that I GLOBE "Al"BUCKWHEAT PANCAKE FLOUR Whenwhat I hadlaterdone, I was informed could attribute my life to that dose of 692 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

turpentine. I did not know the bottle

was there, but I do know that I was divinely led to it for ray restoration. LIFE WlW'!iUNlOR''bvS8Keshe Borden Co*

At another time Joe Francis and I riding were horseback upper down * DROP IT, SISTER.'THERE'S TOO MUCH OF MY BORDENS Creek. Lost our right very was a On

precipitous high mountain, on our and alfalfa strip of left was beEVAPORATED MILK GOING INTO CREAM SOUPS.'a narrow

tween the road and the creek. Suddenly there was a terrific noise high up the

mountain side, when some unseen hand impelled us to dash a short distance up the mountain side where we took refuge under a small perpendicular cliff. At

once came a deluge of water that brought probably a hundred tons of boulders. It was an awful cataclysm,

and a terrifying experience to hear those huge boulders and stones crashing on both sides of us, some bounding over our heads. It was all over in fifteen

minutes. The road was gone, and the

field below was covered with boulders.

We acknowledged divine aid in being hastily guided to refuge.

John Turner and I were hunting prairie chickens with his trained hunting dog in the mountains near Morgan,

Utah. The dog had made a perfect

point, and soon fowl on the wing began falling. Suddenly I received in the left

chest, shoulder, and upper arm, a charge from John's repeating shotgun. As I

shouted and reeled, he rushed to me, removed my clothes, disclosing that I was black with being terribly bruised.

But while my biboveralls and shirt were badly riddled, but two shot had pierced my garments, and were lodged in my flesh, which John, with his knife, Borden Co cut out, for they were yet visible. Considering the short range of the shot, asevidenced by the fact that the charge *.* >f

had not spread enough to touch my face and abdomen this was another marvel of divine interposition in my behalf.

charge has felt theOnly he who of a Fight Sickness very hardshotgun can realized how flying lead from a gun can strike.

with Tags ( Concluded from page 682 Vitality!

"Horse Creek"should speak for itself, but it doesn't; it was a stream of

clear, sweet water, abounding in trout, Good food builds resistance to disease—and highwith an abundance of wild mint and

sage perfuming the air. Wild currant quality eggs, "nature's perfect food,"are rich in vitamins,

bushes were in bloom, and prickly pears minerals, proteins, and other important food elements.

grew along the road. Here the camp

hunters killed a longtailed deer and an For your family's health, buy Milk White Eggs...

antelope which they divided among the company, so all in all, Horse Creek for your Nation's security, buy U. S. War Bonds.

was really something.

Creek,"however, "Horseshoe was a Utah Poultry Producers color. creek This of anotherhorse

wound around high bluffs, and the asCd-dperative Assdciatidn cent was the worst made during the "Milk White"feeds, eggs, poultry... "Norbest"turkeys

entire journey. The teams had to take

seven steep rises in two and a quartermiles, and all the teams had to double **- to make the grade. That morning they

only covered six miles, those six being hills Wherever valleys. They Go and * once But over the bluff, they camped Is the service there someone in you can help with an

at another stream which remained un- "Era"subscription?

tagged, Sicily,... a gift to me from the last Era reached me atthem an B. Garner. H. andantelope—forPorter Rockwellwhich killedthey north"TheOgden Ward."—Pfc.

thanked God.

NOVEMBER, 1943 693 Two books to own, to read, to remember whenever I visited my mother, we

IN ourseemedkinfolk.to getByinto1940,conversation1 had determinedabout Evidences and MY EXPERIENCE

it. to this something about do I made GATHERING RECORDS desire feel of prayer, a matter and I do Reconciliations

I that been have the of guided power by By Lucile Hulse Richardson By Dr. John A. Widtsoe

in everything set to I have about God $1.85 do.

For students, young and old—herefor teachers,is onefor ofparents,the mostfor relate this story with the sincere AT wentSalt Laketo theCitygenealogicaland asked manylibraryquesin

helpful books of recent years on quesdesire that it will be of some help to tions. Among others, I talked to a very

tions of science, social problems, and I whoever might read it. No matter sweet, grayhaired lady whose name I

religion. how hopeless it may look to you to still do not know. She made out for me

gather your genealogy, if you are sin- a pedigree chart, which made it very cere and prayerful and diligent, putting plain how to carry on. I also had fatrust in he will record God, information the showing help you to ther's In The Gospel Net your

desire. earnest accomplish to your had gone given when we By Dr. John A. Widtsoe My father was in the old historic land for ordinances and sealing. the temple

$1.25 rush into Oklahoma. There he and my My father's name was William

Franklin the Hulse, gospel children accepted and were and had we story -will mother of struggle that triumph andA into the baptized the church. time always been the of At by known name the the eyes, moistenwarm hearts, and

and strengthen the lives of all who read they had three children. They moved Hulse. But on examining this temple

it. to Dublan, Mexico, because a Mormon record I found father had given his

colony was there, and a branch of the mother's maiden name as Hulse, and kvn."mXS\"SooJtA. church.to Oklahoma,After wheresome yearsI wastheybornreturnedon the wherether's namehe shouldhe hadhavewritten,given "Ihisdon'tfa-

#t?L v$Jitjjmati& <&6ActAjtf prairie,The onein a andcoveredonly wagon.desire of my parknow."a hopelessThiscomplication.looked discouraging and

(Check those desired, fill in name and ents was to come to Utah with their I set out with more determination address, tear out, and mail) family to live among the Saints. So than ever to gather his true genealogy.

Gospel Standards $2.25 after they had accumulated enough they But how? All the knowledge I had was

By Heber J. Grant sold out and moved into Kansas. Here that my father and mother were born

Illinois. in father to several farmer, prosperous court- a I wrote became my

In the Gospel Net $1.25 in Illinois, the houses of all accomplished but farmers the envy around and

By John A. Widtsoe because of his bounteous crops. We nothing. One day, in conversation with

Evidences and truly lived our religion, and the missionmy mother, I learned they had both

Reconciliations $1.85 aries stayed with us whenever they moved from Illinois when very small

By John A. Widtsoe were in our territory. We received and had both lived in Windsor, Kansas.

greatgrandfather, Hulse, Hezekiah The Gay Saint $2.50 themanytruthfulnessblessings andof thisa firmgospel.testimonyBut stillof Myhad also worked reared my father, who

By Paul Bailey our chief desire was to come to Utah, for an uncle, George Hulse. With this

This Day and Always $1.50 where in a temple we could all be sealed information I wrote to the postmaster

By Richard L. Evans for time and eternity. Perhaps you can at Windsor, Kansas.

Unto the Hills $1.50 realize just how hard it was, after a man Immediately I received a letter from

By Richard L. Evans hadting foundalong successso well,intolifesellandeverythingwas gettheandpostmaster,reared nearsayingthisheUnclehad beenGeorgeborn

Signs of the Times $1.25 and move to a strange place for the Hulse and was well acquainted with all

By Joseph Fielding Smith sole purpose of having this temple work the relatives. He sent me the names and

five close of of four addresses or my to Perfection $1.25 done.D Way

I all for of to wrote them So When we reached Utah we settled kindred. By Joseph Fielding Smith

For This My Glory $2.50 onin thea smalltownfarmof withHyrum,fruit,CachegardenCounty,space, whatbut oneinformationsoon replied,theysendingcould give.a wealthAll

By Paul Bailey chickens, and enough alfalfa for our of data about my people; and the cor-

Q Sam Brannan and the cow and two horses. My father went respondence continued, one corroboratCalifornia Mormons $1.75 to work for the interurban, and had to ing what others had sent.

By Paul Bailey work very hard to make payments on 1 learned from them that my father

Ilhis children. in Barry, Pike County, was born

his married took work linois, mother and hadD The Gospel Kingdom $2.25 theAshomewe andgrewto supportolder we By John Taylor away from home. At the time of my man by the name of Weisenburger,a

father's death, I was almost a stranger and had two daughters, supposedly half

ORDER NOW WHILE STOCKS ARE to him, yet there was that deep respect sisters of my father. They were still AVAILABLE

affection for living, that heart and him but not where. it was in my known THE BOOKCRAFT CO. for father, for always one has a he the was to postmaster at I wrote Next P. O. 63, Salt Box City, Lake Utah faithful a true, Latterday Saint Barry, asking if he of anyone knew by Please the send books checked above.

all trials. his these names, enclosed a selfaddressed, I—IS or Check order throughout money

enclosed. So I developed a deep desire to learn stamped envelope for reply. This postPlease send C.O.D. more about my father and his family. master handed my letter to a mail car-

I had never seen any of his relatives, rier by the name of Lee Hulse, who

NAME but I had been taught from babyhood to proved to be my father's cousin. He

know the importance of temple work, gave the letter to a man just around the

ADDRESS and I had had the desire to do geneacorner from him by the name of Ivan logical work ever since I was ten years Weisenburger. Through this man's

Your orders will receive immediate attention. old. wife I learned present names and adWith two small children of my own, dresses of my father's two sisters, and

my time was pretty well taken up. But others of the Weisenburger family.

Through corresponding with my father's two sisters I obtained family DRINK records and a newspaper clipping ofan obituary of my grandfather WeisenMAID-D-BARLEY burger. His name was Barney WeisenThe Family's Health Beverage

burger, and the records showed he had Especially married my father's mother two years goodcoldinbefore my father was born. He was weather

born in lawful wedlock and not, as had been partly supposed, an illegitimate child. But for some reason my father,

as a child, moved to Kansas with his grandfather, Hezekiah Hulse, and came to be known by the name of Hulse instead of his rightful surname of Weisenburger.

From these sisters I also learned about my greatgrandfather Weisenburger and his wife, who came direct from Germany in the emigration of 1848 with others seeking greater freedom.

They settled at Kingston, Illinois. I Contains No

wrote to the postmaster at Kingston but Harmful received only a scolding letter asking DrugsEasy to why I didn't write to the county sheriff Prepare at Quincy, Illinois. I did write to the

county recorder at Quincy, and he pubAt All Good Grocers letter inquiry of in the Quincylished my ROASTED AND it distributed thusHerald, and was PACKED BY SALTiso LAKEpacificCITY,ave.UTAH WISDOM FnnncUUU a section. that rethroughout whole The

sult was that I received letters from four persons who were sons and daughters of my grandfather Weisenburger's sisters. A letter also came from a lady

seventyfour old years who was just a PROPER NUTRITIONgirl greatgrandmother at the time my

Weisenburger died, and whose motherwas the latter's dear friend. These two REQUIRES GOOD BREAD...

had sewed the burial clothes for my greatgrandmother. Through these people I have received A Basic 7 Food

all the of records greatgrandmoth- my the learned about We've importance much of proper nutrition under er's children of of most their famand stress of the work. for found, We've war example, vitamin deficiIilies. also learned of a

best encies corrected can through be proper that bread in diets—andthat cousinprominent New York—thewellto-do is of into the foods best one vitamins which can father's brother.only of son one By my

writing the chamber of commerce of be put for proper nutrition.

New York City I located him. Later,

while he was in Salt Lake City in charge ENRICHED TO CONFORM TO of a convention of the National ManuGOVERNMENT STANDARDS facturers'Association, he contacted

Enriched enhas always Bread been toRoyalme, a glorious and hour we spent

B- of vitamins riched with the necessary talkinggether our parents about and group, complex to conform to government grandparents. He was a very grand standards.

person, and the only relative on my father's side I have ever seen. Royal Baking Co., Salt Lake & Ogden Fresh Every Day

May these experiences be an encourMore Than 50 Years oi Service and Progress At Your Grocer's agement to all of us to carry on in this work in all diligence.

P TABLECUmt MAGIC/ iSS

NOVEMBER, 1943 695

BAPTISTE

The HOT DRINK (Continued from page 671) an unbroken wall. Baptiste's mother,

through the gateway knew spring days, the as however, warm for all the family HPhrough childthat wall. This region was her sailed up the and paddled 7 the boats

river, Baptiste lay in his buckskin hood home. For days now she had

cradle looking up at the white clouds sung happy songs to Baptiste, and in the sky. Evenings, with the boats cuddled him close in her arms. She

safely fastened to the shore, he listened was going to see her people once to the croaking frogs on the marshy again, her people whom she had not stolen years ago seen since she was in his mother's or banks crowed sat and little thought a girl. At she was his father when campfire lap while the by

broiled plump sausages which he made of home, her brown eyes glistened from game brought in by the hunters. like lake waters at sunset.

Wrapped as snug as a cocoon, Baptiste Right here in the sunrise foothills, slept under a big leather tent with his the explorers might find hunting parties feet toward the allnight fire. Somecome from her Shoshone people beyond

white mountains. But here the men times early in the on the he rode morning ROASTEDSOY BEANS for Blackfeet must move cautiously, his wild mother's while she hunted back

CEREALSFIGS* HONEY turnips and onions to season the eveenemies might be lurking near. Her

ning soup, or while she opened nests of quick eyes looked about for signs.

prairie mice to find the juicy artichokes On top of a distant mountain peak they had stored. she saw her people's signal smokes.

their hunting parties to warned They lost Indian a pup came One night Gaining favor through its to the mountains. return to the whining man's camp. white Bapflavor for 10 years>\Good tiste did not cry, but reached out his "Strangers are in the land,"said the

chubby hands to catch the little stray. three smokes. for you and GOOD, too Petted by Baptiste, the dog continued Cautiously the white scouts spread

the journey with the explorers. Lewis'out to locate the Shoshone hunters.

fine Newfoundland dog, also, was a They found a band returning to the favorite of Baptiste. mountains. Sacajawea was called to

for the interpret men. white was What river uncrept the boats the up On chief find the the of delight band to her

til Falls the of to the they Great came brother, her TheCamawaat, own explorers Missouri. cached the Here appropriate wasmanwho-neverwalks—an large the pirogues supplies of with one for the Shoshones many name, owned the their return to journey await down horses.

river. that be months should Whether laughing Indian took The women only years, or one knew. no They set him. him Baptiste cuddled and They

find path the that to a they must knew soft buffalo in with robe of the middle a if possible. Pacific, a waterway children crowded dog. the shaggy The

Working their way around the great around to see the paleface Indian month—acataract, themonthexplorersto go onlyconsumedeighteena baby."It is well you came with the white

miles. But to transport the goods and men,"said Sacajawea's brother, as they

canoes, wheels had to be sawed from talked by the campfire that evening. Breakfas large pine logs, and roads had to be "My warriors would have killed them

cut through thick timber. in the canyon. But when they saw an

they carrying Indian a papoose woman Baptiste, mother's day, on his One JuomaJjuidd the party came in peace. Now his father with Captain knew and went QUALITY back,

Clark to view the surrounding country. we are glad we did not strike, for if

A shower broke and the party sought these white men are your friends, they shelter beneath a rocky ledge in a raare friends of the Shoshone, too."

fTKade 6y tUc *tta6&te o ruskets vine. Though the storm persisted, the Her people begged Sacajawea to

I little party was cozy enough. Baptiste's stay and make her home with them.

I LOMA LINDA FOOD CO. mother loosed him from his cradle and The woman guide preferred, however,

V Arl'tngton/ California let him lie on a blanket where he could to travel onward with the kindly white kick his bare feet. Suddenly, around men. She wanted to see the great

the bend, an ominous roaring sounded ocean.

from up the ravine. With horses bought from these peo-

"Mon Dieu!"yelled Charbonneau. ple, Lewis and Clark and party traveled

Forgetting his wife and child, he over the wild mountain passes until

V/yherever scrambled rocks. A towallsafetyof waterup a crevicewas rushingin the westwardat last they tocametheto theEverywheresalt-river that runs

floated they the CoAs down her water. snatched them. Sacajawea upon cJhey Co in their the lumbia to newlymade ocean tried to follow her and baby man. With

Clark boosting, and Charbonneau pullboats, Baptiste reached for the white "Each time the Era ing from above, the mother and babe sea gulls that hung above him in the reaches me I forget that we rose to a safe level. But Captain Clark, morning sunshine.

had C rations for dinner and waistdeep in the flood was nearly There on a little inlet near the mouth that it's dirty and dusty at swept away by the force of the water of the river, the explorers camped for this desert airfield. before he could climb to a secure footwinter. They built Fort Clatsop with

ing. Unfortunately, some of his its fir log houses and huge open fireLt. O. K. Earl, valued instruments were lost in the places. While rain poured ceaselessly

Northern Tunisia."muddy waters. outside, the leaping flames within

As the explorers pushed westward, cheered the lonely men.

the great Stony Mountains loomed like (To be concluded) 696 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BY APPOINTMENT (Concluded from page 652) I left the Church Office Building As we entered the office he told how heard from him that night, and we were through the rear door, I turned from he had been traveling by automobile fearful that he had been caught in the Temple Avenue and Main Street to and was hurrying to catch his train. His

flood. It was Saturday, and Sunday enter the Presiding Bishop's Office. driver, although he had traveled the

he had a conference scheduled in DenThere I met President John M. Knight. road hundreds of times, had taken a

ver. My greeting was, "Where have you wrong turn, which delayed them long

I remained over Sunday and tried to been?"enough to cause him to miss the train.

take President Knight's place during the He answered, "Attending your con- I was later informed that the train he conference. That night I left for Salt ference."would have taken was caught in the

Lake City. The following morning I I replied, "We are even, for I atflood. He returned and attended the

first reported to the first presidency. As tended your conference at Denver."conference where I should have been.

i\ mmmmm

Horseshoe Hooks Cut Shingle Staining Time FEW CENTS PROTECTS $275

Insure your shingled roof against decay with Standard Shingle MACHINE FROM RUST DAMAGE insure your safety by Stains. And

working on a ladder hooked to An implement expert has estimated that the life of farm equipment the roof ridge. Old horseshoes, can be shortened about 10% by rust and corrosion. That makes the

filed to wedgeshaped points, cost of carelessness nearly $30 on a six foot double disc harrow.

make sturdy hooks. The same harrow can be protected for idle periods with Standard

use Standard can You Shingle Utility Coating at a cost of 27f*.

Stains unpainted on any wooden confine you shouldn't Of course, surface. They penetrate, seal the Readyto-Use Compound your battle against rust just to

pores against dampness, stop harrows. All your implements, orcracking, warping, fungus growth. Preserves Canvas chard heaters, pipes, bolts, castings

other parts it retards mildew, metal peneand Because can have

HORSESHOES HOOK lives their tiny fiber this and protects each prolonged with OVER ROOF TOP trates against leaks, Standard Waterquick-drying, asphaltic compound.

proofing Compound is the ideal Not only is it quickly and easily canvas protector. It keeps canvas

soft and pliable, and applied at regular intervals, waterproofs the fabric all the way through. Ready

mixed. Order a supply today.

Paper Bag Saves OV I CUTPOINTTO HORSESHOES Flue Cleaning Mess Even a small obstruction in your

A gallon covers 90 to 125 sq. ft. stove pipe affects draft, wastes

depending on dryness of shingles. fuel and deposits soot. For full

Colors are red, green, brown. efficiency and extra heat from

If you want to apply a preservapplied, but Standard Utility ing coat only or mix your own PAPER BAG OVER END Coating saves rust removal next color, use Standard Shingle Oil. OF STOVE PIPE time you use an implement.

of contains It plenty woodpre- Utility Standard Coating was serving creosote. with Mix as dry developed for primer a metal

oil colors. linseed pigment for and surfaces. it roofs, metal on Used

provides a strong bond that makes

Ask your Standard Man now to Standard Asbestos Roof Coating or stick Standard Paint stubRoof reserve your of Standard's copy STRING OR bornly, last longer, better give 48page Guide."RUBBER BAND big new "Farm

It's packed with ideas to make protection against rust.

your jobs easier, quicker, cheaper. Metal is mighty scarce these

Off the press soon. Standard Burner Oils this winter, days, whether it's in roofing or

clean smoke vents now. This implements. Keep what you've

PROTECT YOUR FUTURE WITH A method of closing pipe ends, when got by banning weathcleaning, saves a mess. er wear with Standard

There's a Standard fuel for Utility Coating. It CCD WAR every burner. 1. Stove Oil, Pacific comes ready to use, no

Oil, Specification 5- 100. 2. Burner stirring needed—in

200. BOND PLAN Pacific Specification 3. Pearl gallon 55gallon and

Oil, cleanburning kerosene. containers.

SAVE THRU COMMODITY CHECK DEDUCTIONS STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

NOVEMBER, 1943 697

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE—JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND HAROLD B. LEE

this season's work as effectively as posOFFICE OF THE FIRST sible before the end of the year, and \\Jhat are the departments into which PRESIDENCY thus be prepared to take up the new course beginning at the of study of the vv the leadership monthly meeting year. Attention to should September 13, 1943 new be calledshould be divided following gen- a brief

eral session? To Presidents of Stakes, and the outlines of the new text as they apPresidencies in.Era. of Melchizedek pear the lessons (The January standing are the committees The four Priesthood Quorums this in appear number. page See 699.)departments, the to be attended by

life Brethren: Dear ministry President of and Thecommittee the respective from members

is little Taylor known by the memthe John the years P\uring that work for personalquorums: welfare committee

bers of the church. afcourse dead has been performed in the The new elders, seventies, frommembers and *—J

temples, the ordinances endowment fords for opportunity the priesthood an priestshigh in together quorums meet for greatly the have exceeded women this learn to great or quorums and man session;departmental service church for ordinances endowment men. As to better truths understand the gospelcommittee the from quormembers same file there in consequence the a are on so he prodefended ably which and in their together particularums temples meet the of of names upwards

department, and in similar manner, do 100,000 men for whom the ordinance claimed to the world.

the members of the class instruction of baptism has been done, but not the ordinances. endowment greater The miscelsocialcommittee and the and

part of these forbeen have nameslaneous respective the committee from the Saints in the warded from various Teaching Gospel Truths in departseparate convenequorums fields mission those from not do who mental sessions. have access to the temples. ""Phe obligation to teach the gospel

It is not in order to have all the elders This condition has been given conrests upon the church. The oppormeet together as a department, and all sideration by the presiding authoritunity to do so to members and nonthe seventies as another, and all the ties of the church and it is suggested members is offered in the mission field

that the them of clearing by duty priestshigh as another. leadership missionaries, At to in the to members ward these to turned the be names over followingmeeting, general assembly, teachers, to in ward to nonmembers Melchizedek priesthood a quorums as

the priesthood should as standthe meet in missionaries, stake to stake and project. service quorum church The

ing committees, not as quorums or accommittee should have the direction the quorums and auxiliary organizacording to offices in the priesthood. of this labor in each stake of Zion. tions to class leaders.

If all the brethren who hold the Presenting the gospel to those unpriesthood, to and are worthy who it familiar responsibility of with(pSMJWUlL WsdfyoASL the enter temples, take but would one great importance. of these teachisManya the during year, these or two namesPrayer and Thanksgiving ers the from must of the come quorums cleared. readily could names be UnTPhe first responsibility of the personder present conditions the sealings of priesthood. Those qualified to carry

A al welfare committee, as outlined in parents and children to parents is on this activity should be searched out this column in the November 1 942 Eva, forced to wait on the endowment of by the church service committee and where the respective fields of activity the fathers, husbands, and sons. designated on the membership cards for

It is further that the suggested reference. roll careful the of studyof four the standing Melchizedek com- A

genealogical in each committee stake will light bring to aremittees many redefined, now who were "Labor was could the cooperate with priesthood inactive indifferent and can and towith who induce quorum them members this in labor, important quorums to be prayerful."which should be supervised by the be stimulated and encouraged if given

November is traditionally a month of presidency of each stake. a responsibility for which they are

thanksgiving. This year, although the In arranging for your work and fitted.

world is torn with strife and war, we carrying out the same, the brethren A large part of the church's program will in the have demonstrated mind consists instill teaching gospel. the for. The to grateful have be much The

of conducting "caravans"unwisdom is institution church educational an with us blessed health has withLord and to the temples. have been There a mission enlightenment of to all men.strength. the blessed has earth so He tragic accidents in connection with

that it has brought forth a bounteous such excursions. Arrangements for Capable and reliable teachers are alharvest. Above all else, he has restored visiting the temples should be made ways in demand. Supplying this dehis gospel to the earth, sent his chosen with great care and it would appear mand calls for constant attention on the

servants to lead us through these troubto be wisdom to discourage the going part of those in charge. It offers a wide

lous times, and made us members of his to temples in large groups from farfield of activity for quorum members church and partakers of his priesthood. off places. which should not be overlooked by the

We never needed the Lord's guidFaithfully your brethren, church service committee.

ance more than we do now, and he was HEBER J. GRANT

it. willing blessnever to us with more JR. CLARK, REUBEN

it it will unless notBut seek come we in J.DAVID O. McKAY Comprehensive Program A supplication. prayermighty Let and

Presidency The Firstthe personal welfare committee of each Tnvited thought to a soto give some quorum "labor with quorum members A cial and recreational program for the to induce them to be prayerful."priesthood, Leona Holbrook, professor

Kingdom, by President John Taylor of physical education for women, BrigCLoaa* QmJbmdtiofL (See October Era, p. 616), we sugham Young University, makes some

farseeing suggestions gest the in leadership that NovemberProspect and Review the in presenting spent time meeting be priestthink of about this problem As I lessons of the has been made of the a brief summary A nnouncement the recreation I see programs, of 1 943, hood ** textbook to be used in our priestand in "rounding out"this season's maplan as one of wardcentered recreation.bestIn

hood quorums for next year, Gospel terial. Class teachers should complete each ward a recreation director can plan

698 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA for and direct one or more evenings a week. service men from the ward to keep in

Each ward can supply at least one person touch with things at home and with of ability. their buddies in other theaters of war.

suggest recreation of may A coordinator the recent contained edition ranks A of sources re- "The indicate Folks schedules, Townplans and Speak"service the of addresses ward's and materials. ward Those ideascreational and the priesthood by Published quorums the stake high a message men, from recreation attenddirectors a central can who of the Farr West Ward, Farr council, bishopric, the a from message one profit West such, or institute couldtraining by

leader within an area, such as a stake, could Stake, and circulated and financed by and poetry and excerpts from letters be in charge of ward leaders and show them the 1838 Club, the TownFolks Speak from ward missionaries and service ways and means of conducting recreational is a fourpage newspaper that enables men.

events.

Some of the things I would suggest:

1. A game evening—recreational type Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, January, 1944

progressively, conducted table games, Text: The Gospel Selections Kingdom: from the

rook, pit, checkers, dominoes, as such Writings and Discourses of John Taylor lotto, and others.

2. Active type game evening with equipment of small expense which shall stay General Suggestions to Class Leaders practice of law, medicine, social work? In

tentennis, paddle table life? wartime? In family the in ward: Does Taylor John copies 7/ a text the availnumber are of of

etc. quoits, envision a concrete life more in purpose for able in class, use the the for openbook the appreciation 3. than music "rightliving merely Mormon and nis,A evening—listendiscourse will discussion method lend of and recordings, or to probably highthinking"? music, ing should strive one What itself readily to text the material. stateThe living talent, is to for available in banking, there law, medicine, where government, ments President the Taylor John of form givthe music, of society, artists. in Explanation of "restitution"the view docbasis all class material. for sufficient If books his trine? background, the composer's ing are available, not will teachers to have theme. the of the development idea, President convey Taylor's 3 other meaning by LESSON social dance of games 4. and evening An will methods, which difficult be but more Philosophy True mixers.

impossible. not ancient method, The com- 4-6. progressive 5. of such games, Text, evening Topics: True Philosophy An material, the reading topic topic, mon of by ringing hooks, pennypitching, Relates Is as Truth. and pp.Man Mormonism discussion followed will each, be by hard of Philosophically throwing, discus and plate many paper True? Comprehensive The to upon, but improve not routine be need of Nature others. Mormonism. of The Enigma procedure. Mormonism. Strength of The Mormon plan, of a type suggest one above The standard the four works The church and of Doctrine. month, or eachdifferent week, program in "Essentials copy a History,"of Church

it Discuss: does to "relate What mean choice. committee's the bewhatever may will inFielding provide Joseph by Smith

is truth"? and required man to "reWhat is I that in that mind valuable plan have Another reference complementary works for late"truth in and agriculture? all man Does to opportunity provide evening lesson reeach availableeach should be and may for philosophy relate truth? and man Why, time, at or the class. of things in same the scripference to the number References ado or not? why another. in tures onefollowing are the frequently upon text while made President does asTaylor What mean by is within illumination history individual ward a the an be from made may Where that serting is philosophically Mormonism activity, utilizing at certain the the conclusion to he date by conductable given a may true? all does he are say Mormons Why leader. in selection called recreation the basis the asbe each examining for of by philosophers? not really Can by men know circumstances events what surrounded and inspiration obedience, and inas well as by writing. addition, the utterance or In good, a Is vestigation? besides anything investigawill literature library working church of tion, obedience, inspiration, necessary to NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO to time. provide additional helps time from acquire Is truth? of investigation knowledge COLUMN less important inspirathan obedience? than 1 LESSON

tion? Pasteur discover Did and formulate by Conducted President His Taylor and John Work the theory germ obedience, inspiration, by F. Merrill Dr. Joseph ix-x, Official in the "Highlights Text, pp. investigation? or Could obedience you have

Ministry of John Taylor"; introductory mawithout free agency? Investigation? Interial, p. vi, p. xxvi. spiration? What is meant by the assertion

There Are Limits Lesson objective: An understanding of on page 6 that Mormonism is beyond the

the life and work of the third president of reach of natural philosophy? Can this be

"Decause the sermons in this issue the church, the events of his lifetime, and reconciled with the statement that if "there *r. of the Era take precedence, there of the lesson material to be used during the is a true principle of science in the world"

is room now only for the following: comingDiscuss:year.The experiences, relationship to it is ours?

By Theodore Roosevelt each other, and the activities, of Joseph LESSON 4 "There isn't a thought in a hogshead whatSmith, countriesBrigham wasYoung,JohnJohnTaylorTaylor.familiar?With ThePositionOriginof theof MormonismLatterday andSaintsthe

of beer. There isn't an idea in a whole How was this knowledge gained? What Text, pp. 7-10. Topics: Committed from

brewery."were his literary attainments? Summarize the Heavens. Not the Product of Men. The

By Blackstone his1887.experienceWhat wasin thethe churchnature offromhis 1836experito Fundamentaltion. Aims andQuestion.Objects.TheCitizensMormonofPosithe

"No man or body of men has a right ence outside the realm of church governWorld.

to promote a cause which is necessariment? Look up the events of his presidency Discuss: In view of the material treated

ly antagonistic to the interests of the in Essentials in Church History. in the topics, "Committed from the Heavcommonwealth."LESSON 2 ens,"agree "Notor disagreethe Productwith oftheMen,"propositionwould thatyou

By Gladstone The Meaning of Mormonism man, as a free agent and copartner with 1-3. Significance of the can Topics: add to of God, of knowledge sum Text pp. four scourges great of mankind "The truth? Vista. Eternal evidences suggest can Term. you The MotivaThe What

pestilence, drink, war, beenhave Restitution are of All that the and thetion not laboring of the people Mormon. Mormon The

famine, and drink has been more deThings. under a "delusion"? Was Joseph Smith an

structive than war, pestilence, and famDiscuss: What did Mormonism mean to investigator? Did he use the tools of inspiraine combined."John Taylor? What is "the restitution of tion and obedience?

all things"? What changes are implied by What are the aims and objects of MorBy Journal of the American that doctrine for social life? Education? monism? What, in a specific and concrete

Medical Association Religion? Business? Government? Individsense, were they in 1857? In what respect

restituwill benefit in 1943? ual living? they changed? changed by "the have Not Who is inherently, "Alcohol ab- a poison

suffer all will the objects with aims things"? and correspond the tion of and Do Who insolutely, essentially; or in a drop to in "restitution""restitution"the be discussed is the of purposes a why? How? How

all in ingallon, quantities every and it 2? to lesson tending about? today commenced? Are be more brought Has we

quantity, it is a poison. Plainly the Does the "eternal vista"of Mormon doc- "exclusive"or are we indeed, "Citizens of

quantity cannot alter its chemical contrine have any practical value? In farming the World?"Can we do both? What are

stitution."and livestock raising? In business? In the the problems of each position?

NOVEMBER, 1943 699..Wffffff/ePMSM0O—CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

LEADERSHIP WARD BOY (pfaoL to (pWiswiA. and teadeAA. COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY

DECEMBER, 1943 are making as much as two hundred and fifty dollars a month, and are not it. Money, especially in Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS saving a cent of

such quantities as we now have it, can

Chapter XI I: Handling the Rural Boy only lead to the undoing of the finer

Note: It is suggested that city as well qualities in life.

as the rural wards consider this lesson. Life during this present conflict has

Handling the Rural Boy. Few, if any, city become so rushed that we, the younger

wards do not have some Aaronic priesthood generation, hardly know which way to members who have moved in from the farm. look. Things which in the past have

It is essential, therefore, that leaders boy settled time in been cannot by be now city wards understand the rural boy who settled waiting. by merely Time now amay now be member the of or quorum is getting to for youth precious be agroup.

thing with induction at eighteen. This

Quotations from the Text: means that youth must be given an

understanding the about fundamental writer feeling 1. The real of has a nearlife things of that time. before The ness to the rural boy. salt is the of He most slighted of the these and immost the earth. country From has boys come

is religion. portant more metropolitan leadership than from

all the cities combined. Induction at eighteen, this means that

2. Rural boys are, also, the product of DONALD MORGAN in the eyes of the government we are

their environment. There is no rush men. Men at eighteen, why it's inhere. fact, In is little there stimulus. still credible! just are boys dreamWe

( the of session little a During Jordan are Farms West private kingdoms. Reing wild future about our dreams here

conference, a that. Stake Morgan, Donald member in the in find ourselves. world which we priest in deFirst the Riverton Ward, 3. that With rural background the boy are in too to young have say any We livered address. following conthe The into comes society. has small had He affairs; governmental too to unyoung ference Bishop attended Joseph was by chance at selfexpression. has been He life, religion, derstand the future; L. of and presiding bishopric the Wirthlin alone. I'll much has, This try as to

field representative yet, Palmer, Lee A. and but old to enough be taught how show, large some rewards. is But he

the bishopric. of presiding ) kill, to hate, die. this All even and timid awkward, especially among

strangers, slow of speech and rarely happens at the ripe old age of eighteen!

aggressive until so taught in the I"WAS asked earlier in the week to preWe shall bear the brunt of this conschools. pare a talk on "What the Priesthood flict and also the brunt of the postwar

4. girl, The boy farm depression. and well, as farm the national Yet when instead, gobut Me"; Means I am To have right to a everything city a boy sit representatives the around peace to ing plea, to give older people you a has! still table, will then to too be we young in the for plea help an earnest your

5. is There to need no expect farm boys our heard. have needs into of the of guidance youth channels to get vision a service of civic leador

religious understanding. of so with problems beSo And many now many ership or to to want become church

workers unless you propose a program the youth today do not understand refore us, with the future so black and calculated to meet his farmboy needs. ligion and are not being helped and enforeboding, so many of us are being

6. The church is established to do and is couraged to try to understand it. The deserted. Deserted by those who seem

able to do for boys what no other fundamental qualities, as love for each to forget that they were young once institution on earth can do! other and forgiveness, as well as the and had their problems to solve. Prob-

7. Why can not the church meet the farm other unmeasurable values, are slowly lems which had the element of time on

boy with a do program? taking a back seat to money, and the their side. We haven't that element to

8. If you have a heart in you, you can lust for power. help us. Therefore, it is up to the parlove the rural boy. He is awkward, I am seventeen—-very young to face ents and leaders to try to understand

slow of thought (but a true young a wartorn world and the complications us and our ways, difficult as it may thinker), timid vastly and afraid seem. it. I of derived can hardly from remember himself, but, oh, he can and be loyal editorials, the articles, and Many are I I in time school. not any was when helpful courteous. and rewritten upon the need of I comments that. older as than But young am no

Helps for the Class Leader: am, I can readily see the damage that ligion by soldiers in training and in

I far yet, as so know,'But none is inbattle. in being to youth, done many City wards: editorials articles the are that and have their failure stances, the of parents by the 1 Discuss essential differences in boys told story the of religion of need to leaders impress and peoupon young raised in city and rural environments

front, upon most and home the for ple religious sincere unneed a in the of each following: thethis—the

a. Personality; b. Habits; c. Attitudes derstanding. Never in the history of sadly lacking of any segregated group 2. How may we best teach both types in the world has the youth of any nation—the youth. Their very souls are cry-

a single group? had more money than is now possessed ing for religion and it must be given to

Rural wards: them, them by someone knows who tired youth. the our Parents from by

1. the Discuss author's six at suggestions their parents leaders. and day's are actually work, entheir sometimes the the lesson for end of teaching rural

their girls couraging are to the prayers said and boys go out that are Many boys.

2. Emphasize the church Welfare prointo the streets so that they will not in behalf of the soldiers in the field,

gram as an answer to the author's bother their shiftworking father and but I ask you to pray for the soldiers of question, I personally is the sevenboys This know can not farm boys mother. "Why my plea,

raise pigs teen, sixteen, for God?"fifteen even yes, and heard. Ifuture—youth.pray that it has been who and

700 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.wnnnrnmins

(ifjcVtcL J&achinjfc in. WARD TEACHERS

The teacher's duty is to watch over the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

dlowuL Andneithersee thatlying,therebackbiting,is no iniquitynor inevilthespeaking;church, neither hardness with each other,

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the members

By T. Edgar Lyon do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

Associate Director, L.D.S. InstituteSalt Lake of Religion l/l/am Jeacker5 e65aae for <J-)ecembev} 1943 University of Utah

HOME The first ward teaching district to after having assigned* which I was priest, included ordained abeen the H<"omea factory,is not aanplaceoffice,encloseda barn, byor fourotherwalls.utilitySuchbuilding.enclosureHomemighttranscendswell be

home of President Heber J. Grant. My the physical, goes far beyond the satisfaction of temporal needs. Beautiful

senior companion was a recent missionfurniture, comfortable beds, carpeted floors—these are not home, just acary who lived at President Grant's cessories.

home while attending the University of Home is a condition, an atmosphere, an influence, a refuge. Home

Utah. The first evening that we started enshrines faith, love, purity, understanding. Its spirit strengthens, girds, and

to do our teaching, I met my companion urges defense against invasion or encroachment. Home breathes the breath

by appointment and we made our first of chastity, honesty, and loyalty into the everawakening souls of those call. I sat quietly while my partner dewho dwell therein. It is the laboratory of the soul of man.

livered the scheduled message and I A father's obligation to the home has just begun when he provides the marveled at his ability to explain the four walls, the furniture, the food, the clothes, the family car, and other gospel. temporal necessities. He is the head of the home. God alone enthroned

is the pilot. this position captain, the engineer, him. But of honor He is the our that of second house was Our

responsibilities the salvation of his holds and obligations. not without "He the president. waiting onchurch While

front porch to be admitted, my comfamily in his hands."He may take them with him into exaltation in the

panion said, "I live here. I can t teach kingdom of heaven, or he may, though wholly unintentionally, lead them

the message here, so you'll have to take to failure and destruction. Either of these he may accomplish through that

over."This remark so astonished me which he teaches and the life which he lives.

is her obligation to the home? Surely,that as the door was opened by Sister Then there's mother. What

dishes, food, beds, washing cooking is not making or sweeping in, motherhood invited to comeGrant and we were soul, love, integrity, of virtue, the essence poured floors. Into her God has had President Grant I was speechless.

just come from a long day at the office and every other wholesome attribute. In addition to these endowments, he has

ability to exemplify in her her with very special blessed a them and home dinlate eating kitchen a in theand was will. family if she but to her the success of impart them a father much of So presof our ner. being informed Upon

ence, he summoned the other members and children depends upon the mother's use of the divine powers God hath of the household and came into the livbequeathed to her. These powers can best be exercised in the home, leaving

ing room. Then he said, "Here we are. the earning of the bread to the father.

obligation too, to kindness, Children, Obedience, home. have an confor us? need message is yourWhat We

to the Lord's devotion the part of sideration, on and work children seem as members the any same to be taught of the church."to bring heaven itself right inside those four walls.

What joy, strength, and power, come from a real Latterday Saint

While the family had been assemhome where father, mother, and children make their respective contributions bling I experienced fear and embarrassin honor before the Lord.

ment and sensed my own inability to In the words of Elder Stephen L Richards, of the council of the twelve, teach the president of the church any- "Our heaven is little more than a projection of our homes into eternity."

thing pertaining to the gospel. However, the example he set in being willing

to hear us, and the humble spirit in which he encouraged us soon dispelled discontinued August 16, with the ward being office. stored in the stake Church Moves On records I The fear and embarrassment. Whenmy Bishop page 687) at {Concluded Lewis Stewart released from was J. easily tried to speak, the words came that time.

and I was soon interested in the presWard Changes entation of the teachers'message.

Stake, Granite was orBranch Changes Ward, Fairmont of the conclusion a short discusAt the of parts 22, from ganized August Ockport Ward> Summit Stake, has been delivery that sion followed the wards. Leo Park Nibley and of the Forest Dale message, we were invited to kneel in H. Young was sustained as bishop of the R made an independent branch.

prayer with the family. We were then new ward. Lone Star Branch, Blaine Stake has been

thanked for our visit and departed for Marlborough Ward, Granite Stake, with organized with William L. Patterson susthe next house. O. Ernest Jorgensen as bishop, was ortained as presiding elder.

of the division ganized 22, by a August Branch, CliftonMorenci Graham Mt. forgotten the humility I've never wards. and Richards Hawthorne and Stake, organized former the been has from in listening kindness Grant of President Twentyninth Ogden Ward, Ogden Clifton branches. President and Morenci

to a young, inexperienced priest who Stake, was created August 22, by a division D. C. Duke of the Clifton Branch was recame to his home as a ward teacher. of the Ogden Eighth Ward. James A. Larleased, and President Earl Brigham Young,

I've never experienced a finer example son was sustained as bishop. formerly president of the Morenci Branch,

of hospitality to ward teachers. Adamsville Ward, Beaver Stake, was has been sustained as presiding elder.

NOVEMBER, 1943 701 M.I.A. OFFERING TO YOUTH

(Concluded from page 646) many choruses have been continuing 18 girls wrote letters to our boys in the war

Parent's Address. It has been suggested their singing work, and many groups zones.

that immediately after each service a postal have gone camping. 13 girls furnished flowers for the chapel on

during the these months. two Sundays servof parents to the mailed eachcard be this unique report the from And girls the 18 chapel dusted Saturday onice in attendance, has been man who Bonneville reof Stake tellWasatch Ward afternoon, the custodian in the as was that appreciateding having them have we in veals can be accomplished what a hospital his for could not and do worktheir servat present daughter) (or our son

effort. short united time through three weeks.ices.

girls nutrition 20 attended Cross Red if It to adopt as looks very have much we 1943 and July, June classes. in card multigraphed ora mimeographed

in No. Attendance—girls at conjoint ushers as 4 acted Sunday servare so the of wards. Theresome many sessions attended

activities n meeting. evening it althatice attend would make men who eB girls 7 the "Star wrote Spangled Banner"Girls all the write task to a n "T3most mountainous?

participatinj] aa 5S.E from T}CO memory. S personally.cards 5"in

Ward girls did 16 missionary 2u

No. = folactivities Varieties of have been girls 4 n< gave book on the 2 reviews—onework.

lowed throughout the stakes: inspiraBee-Hive..57 55* 250 121 268 Bible, one on the summer issues of the

tional sunset services, storytelling fesJuniors 33 28 101 27 60 Era, one on the book If Winter Comes, tivals, outdoor dancing, picnics, hikes, Gleaners....61 31 96 35 180 and one on personality.

girls looked the addresses 6 of our up in another ward. presentation, readingplay *Two attending war and

in the service. boys

projects,service and many types: of Assignments girls parties. 20 attended sewing

parties. Many groups have met weekly 48 girls put in 124 hours sewing for the 42 girls did work of teaching and commitfor enjoyable study and relaxation; Red Cross. 1 * i tee work, etc., developing leadership.

GENERAL CONFERENCE, FRIDAY AFTERNOON

J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. and he will "become a mighty man in and have poured out my soul to God.

the church.'I have taken courage, from one or two

{Concluded from page 655) I say this, not in the sense of boastscriptures which constantly came to my been carried on, a feeling of unity, a ing, but in humility and appreciation. mind and of which people continued to

feeling of brotherhood, of respect for It came to me as a great surprise when remind me. One was from Paul and as

I felt so foolish, small, and weak, Iour brothers and our sisters—a desire first I heard of it the other day. I knew

and willingness to help one another, my father was prophetic, and some day remembered that he said: "Because the

that we have rarely, if ever, equaled in I hope to be able to tell you some of foolishness of God is wiser than men;

the history of the church before. his many prophecies which have been and the weakness of God is stronger

calling, see than men. ye For your literally fulfilled. that will the Lord remember You

that brethren, not wise men, many how I disciples, the the his of clearingtold evening then the on out when And was flesh, after the mighty, not not many files, in great his thereafter, gettingPassover to Salt to and ready up move called: are noble hath But many God I that that one,prayer, they be across must and Lake, mother's pacame my foolish things the the of chosen to world his to one. triarchal blessing,he be people expected to given her They by

: hath the wise confound chosand God said: unified. In our hasmust Brother he be day she James when M. Works things the of the to en conworld weak mine."not are are ye"Except one of ye a twentyfour young was woman

... the things are mighty; which found

spirit this of unity which years.Therefore, only one had She child—and flesh his in presthat should glory no

this carried to us this brought has child has that remember you work one when (I ence."1:2529.) Corinthians

the the farus along Lord which road of her other passed and none away feeling of incompetence my Whenlaid follow. to this for this us at children ten time, born were down

I wholly me, overwhelmed remembered

It is will that the prayer all reLord the will prophecy seem more my "... the said: of he words Nephi when still will further us, that helpbless us he said, patriarch to you. markable The

I will things the the which and go do live into us to efforts—help unify things, our "Sister other Olive among

I for that hath Lord commanded, know... quiet as contentment andpeace and shalt thou Woolley, be numbered the giveth Lord unto no commandments the give ourselves. us he shall in Israelamong the mothers and May among

shall children the of premen, save he as him, that with he go the raisepower posterity may we to a numerous up for that they ac- a pare them may way thesaid abide might, with and shall thy of we husband. joy grow They thing complish the he which com- I in the him,Father pray and humbly to mighty and up become men women (I them."3:7.) Nephi manded I want of Jesus,name Amen. in the of church kingdom and God. Thy

I tell to lean that these heavily on you first shall stars of the sons magnibe will that the promises, strengthen Lord in healthy, shall tude thy be and crown fit give qualify and growth and and me SPENCER KIMBALL W. dihelping in strong, to vigorous and

I this for great work. the seen have me last in this rect the purposes of (Continued page 678) from God In qualify experimen. church Lord my dispensation."

I said,ing "Spencer, your door, the to he bishence helped have make many father was a prophet. He made a pre- I have read this many times in my ops. I have seen them grow and prosper

diction that has literally come to pass, life, but I had never noticed before: and become great and mighty men in

and I want to tell you about it."He "Thy sons shall be stars of the first the church; men who were weak and

continued, "Your father talked with magnitude."And again, it humbles me men who were foolish, and they became

me at the corral, one evening. I had exceedingly. I feel that the Lord in callstrong and confounded the wise, and so

brought a load of pumpkins for his pigs. ing me to this work has fulfilled the I rely upon that promise of the Lord

You were just a little boy and you were promise of his servant. that he will strengthen and empower me

sitting there, milking the cows, and singIn these long weeks since July eighth, that I may be able to do this work to ing to them as you milked. Your father I can tell you that I have been overwhich I have been called.

turned to me and said, 'Brother, that whelmed and have felt that I was unAs I read the scriptures about the boy, Spencer, is an exceptional boy. He able to carry on this great work; that apostles of old, I found them starting

always tries to mind me, whatever I I was unworthy; that I was incapable out in their ministry with much less

ask him to do. I have dedicated him to because of my weaknesses and my strength and they increased in might

—thebe oneLordof thewilling.mouthpiecesYou willof theseeLordhim limitations.I was up againstI havea feltblankmanywall.timesAndthatin theand endpower.of hisI foundcareer:Paul "ForsayingI towardam not

some day as a great leader. I have that interim I have been out in the desashamed of the gospel of Christ:

dedicated him to the service of God, ert and in high mountains alone, apart, for it is the power of God unto 702 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENERAL CONFERENCE all through this church. There is a comhabit. And with an outburst of enFRIDAY AFTERNOON andbinationhumility.here todayThese ofare decidedthe characterability thusiasmof a manhewhosaid,drinks."Give I'llme meetthe namehim

istics that your mother and my mother in the morning before he begins his salvation."(Romans 1:16.) And tried to instil in us since we were old day's work. I'll go to him at noon and

though Peter had had many experiences enough to stand bracing ourselves with him I'll eat my lunch. And when

with perhaps some doubts, and misgivagainst their knees. I glory in such men, his day's work is done, I'll take him by

ings, and he had not always shown the men of initiative, men of vision, and the hand, I'll lead him by the liquor strength of his later years, but after the yet humility. I have yet to see a man store, and I will take him to his own

resurrection of Christ, when asked by who excelled at all in leadership—real home a sober man. Gladly will I dohim who he was, Peter, testified, "Thou leadership—that did not have those this,"said he, "with the hope that I

art the Christ, the son of the living qualifications. can be helpful in teaching the gospel

God."(Matthew 16:16.) May the Lord bless these fine men. to him, which gospel will enable him to

I appreciate deeply the unparMay we have the good sense to support overcome this habit. I stand ready to

alleled honor that has come to me. I them not only with our prayers but also do my utmost to help to bring into his

shall do my utmost to show my apprein every way that it is our responsibility life the same joy that giving up the ciation to my Lord and my brethren by as members of this church. And may liquor habit has brought into mine!"

servant.being a faithful I am grateful rededicate ourselves so always. we We The Greatest Message withfor the opportunity of working problems ahead of us have and some

these honored and great men of the authey are going to be big ones. Let us You who are here assembled, officers

thorities toward whom I have always get back of our leaders and say "Amen"of the Church of Jesus Christ, know had almost a worshipful devotion. I to the splendid vision of their leaderthat nothing the church has to do can

glory in the opportunity to serve the ship. May the Lord bless us. Amen. transcend in importance the preaching

people of this church, to share their of the gospel of Jesus Christ. Its great

disappointments and sorrows, and their message is to be carried to all of thejoys and achievements. RICHARD R. LYMAN people of the world; it is to be preached

I know that this is the church and {Concluded from page 668) to the rich as well as to the poor, to the kingdom of God. It has been a part of missionary, in whose soul was a throbeducated as well as to those who have

me. Whenever it has prospered I have bing testimony of the divinity of the had little opportunity to go to school,

gloried in it. When it was criticized, it message he was presenting, and the to all mankind everywhere in preparahas hurt me, for it seemed a part of my "goodbye and God bless you"that action for the coming again of our Lord

very being. Every fibre in my body companied his final handshake started and Savior Jesus Christ; and this great

bears witness that this is the gospel of the young man to thinking so seriously work can be accomplished successfully

Jesus Christ in its fulness. I testify to that soon the real gospel spirit entered only by a generation of unusual men

you that this is the work of God, that into his heart and soul, and he went into and unusual women. I appeal to you,

Jesus is the Christ, our Redeemer, our the mission field. therefore, to call into this stake missionMaster, our Lord, and I bear testimony ary service those who are best qualito you in all sincerity and in deepest A Most Valuable Experience fied to present the joyful message, those

humility, in the name of Jesus Christ. That missionary work, done in the who can work effectively, those who

Amen. days of his youth, said this grayhaired are themselves genuinely converted and

patriarch, was the greatest and most who have burning in their souls an unMARVIN O. marvelousever came andinto valuablehis life. experienceThis patriarch,that ceasing testimonyYou Areof thisCalledgreat work.

whose labors on earth were completed some years ago, has left a large family And as a servant of the Lord, one it is to assist in this great ASHTON of devoted unselfish workers for whose duty this unmajor work, missionary mighty all might have Of the Presiding Bishopric righteousness, of whom to dertaking, I say the language you in selfish the been indifferent but for and

Address delivered at the Friday efforts, continuing all night long, of this of the revelation that came to us afternoon session of the 114th intensely interested missionary. The through the Prophet Joseph Smith,

semiannual general conferfine and faithful family of this deceased "You are called to cry repentance unto ence, October 1, 1943, patriarch is a rich reward for the sacrithis people,"and do not forget that "if in the Tabernacle fice he made in time and money to it so be that you should labor all your this peounto soul unto it be one once heard of a man who put on his preachto live thein gospel,accordanceand to withdo hisitsutmosthigh daysple, andin cryingbring, repentancesave tombstone, "I expected this, but ideals. me,"says Jesus, the Son of God, "howI not so soon."[Laughter.] great shall be your joy with him in the

I hope that these brethren who have Poverty and Crime kingdom of my Father! And now, if

just spoken won't think for a minute, The other case: In a stake conferyour joy will be great with one soul

speaking of this commodity we term ence recently I quoted the words of the that you have brought unto me into "humility,"that they have a monopoly late President Charles W. Eliot of the kingdom of my Father, how great

on it. After about eleven or twelve sucn Harvard University to the effect that will be your joy if you should bring

occasions as today some of us still feel alcohol is the chief cause of poverty, many souls unto me!"(D.&C. 18:14as weak as we did when we gave our the crime, and the misery of mankind. 16.)

maiden conference speech. And at the close of the conference in For these many reasons I appeal to

Seriously speaking and to be right which I had appealed to the people to you officials of the church, therefore, to frank with you, I had something I was come forward and render missionary do your utmost to get into the stake going to try to say provided I was called service, especially to help those who missionary service and to retain in this on. We generally expect it. That seems unfortunately have the liquor habit, a missionary service those who are the

to be the program. After the impression man came forward and enthusiastically most able and who are the most genumade on all of us by our two new extended his hand exclaiming: "Give inely converted, that the preaching of

apostles, I cannot resist laying aside me the name of a man who has the the gospel of charity, of love, of forwhat I was going to say and express apliquor habit!"This good brother then giveness, of peace, and of the brotherpreciation of them. They are splendid explained that the gospel had come into hood of man may go forward effectivemen, and I want to sing their praises. I his life only a few years before when ly. May you and may we all aim to do

am speaking particularly of their humilhe himself was a helpless drunkard. It this, I pray humbly in the name of Jesus

ity. I am sure that when the call came was the gospel of the Master, he said, Christ, our Lord. Amen.

to these two men from those who have which so transformed him that he suc- {Conference addresses continued a right to call, there went an "Amen"ceeded in overcoming the drinking on page 704)

NOVEMBER, 1943 703 {Conference addresses continued riage is not merely a manmade instituGENERAL CONFERENCE from page 703) tion, but that it is ordained of God, and

I felt soldier hardbitten think almost every DAVID O. McKAY isceivea sacredtheir gravestceremony,considerationand shouldbeforerethe realized especially as I did, same as we

(Concluded from page 657) they enter upon a contract that involves that we were the lucky ones to return. There

standing and discord obscure the loveeither happiness or misery for the rest were many of our fine boys who stayed belight of their lives is tragedy indeed. In of their lives. Marriage is not somehind forever!

thing into entered should be which love follows, that the darknessthe million and a on are more There men lightly, pleasure, at terminated or ended is in other's obscured. eyes eachsparkle lives offering in their the battle fronts little first difficulty at that might the it, are fruitless attempts restoreTo liberty ideals of the of defense voucharise. least people can young do The to right to do and the word, saymade the constitution of United the safed by it is intentions to honest with approach act thing; the right and butthe word fighting States. are praying and They contribute will of that building a home reretort misinterpreted, angry andare the of for preservation permanency and society. to noble the of a bulwark hearts once the and wound,opens left behind. the they homes

3. should consumbe slip ceremony into The that asunited, dewdrops two

is It strive to to the of everyone duty in in the secret presence but not mated wider torn and widerone, become it soldier that possible no now make of ones. friends the marloved Let and state this heartbreakingasunder. When of a dreaming happy homecoming may possible far riage as as solemnized be is sought.is separation But a reached,

its find or to return broken only a home will residence, at the of place which solution, is espethe proper notdivorce cially if there are children concerned. minimize the evils of runaway marideals shattered by the sinful indulFar better to follow the wise admoniriages. For members of the church, the gences of a member of the family.

tion of William George Jordan: temple should be the chosen place in One of the highest ideals of life is to

the free secure sorrow keep this from and is assumed. sacred obligation to which too great short and love Life is too the nation. of the church of homes and Saint future of Latterday For the pettiness. throughsacrifice hour one What

matters it whose the fault or whose the forhomes, young men and young women giveness? It is a very poor brand of personshould so live that they will be worthy

for its desecrating their time to andal that dares union to throw dignity consummate joy of reOSCAR A. and the them between allshadow eternity in the the of Lord. House

conciliation and new bonds of love. Regarding this any intelligent person

the of realization waning the When in believes the persistence of perof who KIRKHAM to forget seek should the comes, twolove immortality in the after sonality death, differences, saddening the thefor a moment First Council of the Seventy that Of the soul, will at of the recognize once memories dead of the cemeterychanges, and buried emotions, and try to get back love, the divinest attribute of the soul, Address delivered at the Saturday somehow to some common ground of unity will also persist. Death cannot dissolve morning session of the 114th

and understanding. They should seek to the union formed by love when that semiannual general confer*

things trifles sacred of the togethergather the is the of sealed union power by 2, 1943, ence, October there these of the lost. thought Innot yet sealed priesthood. having Couples holy in the Tabernacle flashof old love flame a vitalizing bemay of the blessings the and upon them new that the ashes of dull the graying from out inspiration the past of the in continue everlasting covenant may discord of and dross thewill burn away facing the present the of and Withand eterthe exaltation throughout joy and...misunderstanding.

Love is the most valuable cargo on the nities to come. greatest opportunity for misship of life. It is the greatest thing in this Under the present stress and commosionary work in the history of the

world, and the only thing that will make the tion of social and political groups tochurch, it becomes our duty to think next worthy of the living. The ebbtide of day, because of the exigencies and horseriously, make definite preparations,

individual true in is a thing saddest thelove the enjoy to accept and ready be and the rors of seem war, may Home Front die let life's if aught folly is to love Itlife. a will soon call come of which divine tomorrow unstable, but the to be somewhat it living. real will and keep do canwe of the revealed word to take shall to institution many of marriage and must

What Should Be Done to be saved. the Lord to a weary and sorrowing

Stabilize Home Life world where men's very souls are being 1. Instruct the youth of both sexes Conclusion tried.

that the foundation of a happy home is "\T7ould you have a strong and virile Our early missionaries thrill us with the stories of faith, courage, sacrifice, premarital days. Keeplaid during keep your homes their '"nation?—then their and devotion.spring of life pure by conforming pure. delinquency Would you reduce

standard single lives revealing It has to been to theyouthful me to know the of of and number crime?—lessen the bride the that is done, that the story of gospelmorality. word and When civilized that broken homes. It is time

comes to the man she loves a stainless, peoples realize that the home largely the Prophet Joseph Smith has been told priceless jewel. He in turn receives her determines whether children shall be of by our missionaries in Iceland, Finland,

not as a cheat, but as a man who can high or low character. Homebuilding, India, Malta, West Indies, China, Siam,

meet his bride on the high plane of therefore, should be the paramount purRussia, and in many of the faraway moral integrity. pose of parents, and of the nation. islands of the seas as well as in the well-

I know there are people in the world, One of our boys in Australia who known countries of the world.

some perhaps who are listening to what was in those terrible battles in North Here are words from a few of the

I am saying, who consider such an ideal Africa writes of his feelings upon reold diaries of the missionaries of yesold-fashioned, behind the times! They turning home as follows: terday:

as ideas entertain uch thosedub who

I to of quote, us law "The was God It I the joyful experience most can was "standpatters,"and"reactionaries,"scrip. to purse put without go or recall. We before sighted the ever Hours we I all etc. can"antiprogressives,"Well,

clothof some Books some and Mormon the ship's coast, Australian decks were is "oldfash- herself is nature thatsay valises, into ing these soldiers our strapped on returning for looking crowded by itself; since for love old as asioned,"first I that shall that forget glimpse. never foot, started relying backs, our and on the hashistory wanted began womman thrill all great over us which came when for the blesspreservation on Lord and alone. his his But to and be lovedan he first the distance dimly through saw we ing."aside from this, the couple who come land and home. Gosh! how we did roar and

to each other in the eyes of the Creator, cheer! There were about 22,000 troops in "Our way,"said another, "was mias true lovers should, have no hidden the convoy and you could hear the cheering raculously opened, that we might have

distance across separated coming which to voyage."pursue our means time a future tosecrets break forth at

ships. three onehalf our and My!—afterthe to another: perhaps "In and embarrassmentto the name of Jesus cause And battlefields, livthe years of roaming about

destroy the temple of love that has been ing like nothing on earth, it was really good Christ we went forth healing the sick, in process of building for years. to be home again! As we neared land I restoring the lame, and opening the eyes

2. Teach the young people that marcouldn't help getting a lump in my throat. of the blind. The honest in heart flocked

704 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SATURDAY MORNING aside a definite amount for missionary And another one from Proverbs:

service, and then if you are worthy and thy Debate cause with thy neighbor himcall will the to comes, ready be you self; discover and secret not the to a another. to standard hundredsby we greatest the experience your of (Proverbs 25:9.)reared."

of the of gospel ambassador enjoylife—an hailed songs with were and "We all Christ. are us Let These be Jesus humble, of preface, and by way joy."othershouting tokens of and brethren, prayerful, the to the study of that plea and dif- a word have if we said a long "After voyage,"hard and will that ferences settle here. Lord. soon be ourTomorrow them we among

firstanother, to thing "the did was we I his selves blessings the through the add various Lord agencies and May offer ofascend prayers a mountain and in pray, organizations the of Jesus. humbly name procedures and the which

in forthankfulness guidance ask and

I us. has given Amen. Lord quote again fromour work."Taylor: John

"I brother, said resolved,""to one start on my mission to England, which Then the teachers, who are helps to the priests, it is whose duty to the painful perfor to go a among dutyseemed me L RICHARD talk people to their and them duties on into the family have go myform—to like not parrots, so full the but many of Iwilderness turn westward, go and and

spirit of there difwhere be may God—and inthe other Later, however, way. EngEVANS ficulties settle, to it is and not within the

land, I learned they one were hundred First Council of the Seventy the of teachers Of the power satisfactorily to admiles of outand twenty Nauvoo, all inwell the gospel."and rejoicing Address delivered at the Saturday justsits asthem,a commonreport judgethem into Israelthe bishop,and towhoad-

"And then,"said one, "the cholera morning session of the 114th judicate all such matters. If thy brother ofhad broken out on the boat. Henry semiannual general conferfend thee, go and say to him, "Brother, you

went on the upper deck, called upon ence, October 2, 1943, have done so and so,"and if he will not listen nor forgiveness ask for to you offense the in the Tabernaclethe in the Christ and of Jesus Lord name has given you, take another with manin the of the priesthood rebuked power call at President think a influence has you McKay's whom made heyou—onethe destroyer. that person one had The him, with and one think he you whom assure morning to office yesterday

died,the will other disease but people no listen let if talk. him ofthe And if I grateful to—and that he be him would I

afflicted."fending the will personon boat listen not were to report him, the tomorbroadcast consider would him, to dealt be with to like according the order stories and which These many of time the as share morning row my of if the church. he continues obdurate And tell the give inspiration us might ofyou

this President conference, of but Mcstubborn, and then not does he belong to us. ofthe missionaries yesterday.

is firm of as a Kay, know, you feel man us like Let always operating together their greatgrandsons and Today

I for the this of each other for resolution, here good mornso and the kingand am in battlefields, in foxholes,grandsons on identified are with. dom we (Journal o/ Dising.

hospitals, in and and army on camps courses, 19:142.) I this greatly appreciated very havethe bringing seas their are to comIf President remarks morning, differences, McKay's have men they try should friends the of storypanions and same to settle them amicably front. themselves. the concerning which among That home inspiration.comfort and if this, let they But cannot the do take them I front the in concerns have mind home soldier,"the said of "Give one me first steps as directed in the church cove- I closely. in also, very have had my leaders, faith military inour let has nants; "who them together come as brethren files for material prospect broadcast of a having claim fear. the Spirit upon has he andGod. no knows Once power He text the or a from more, years past two of if which attend God would they is them just, all the hell can't cause then

I of Corinthians First out have which their lived religion, then, and the provided.. him. stop here,"need What we trying to priests broadcast combeen evolve a teachers and did their duty and were "is he, said missionaries more. Mormon filled it last with spirit the their and wisdom presented of of ment. Part was better mechanics."and office calling, and so ninetynine cases out it of part (see and page 663), Sunday this terrible But contomorrow when of every hundred satisfactorily might be is yet. text hasn't from as evolved The flict is over, shall then our have settled we without either troubling the bishop's Paul: challenge. the court greatest or high council. our For has Lord (Journal Disof

said, "Blessed are the peace makers, for I speak to your shame. Is it so, that there courses, 19:5354.)

they shall be called the children of is not a wise man among you? no, not one The organization of the church is after

God."And the only peace that shall enthat shall be able to judge between his the plan that exists in heaven and according

dure will be that built in the hearts of brethren? to the principles that God has revealed in

men. But brother goeth to law with brother, the interest of his church upon the earth

the unbelievers. before and for the and rolling advancement forth and St. In of 14th the Gospel John, chapis fault utterly there therefore a Nowthat his of start kingdom. in the with teachWe ter, this find verse 27, promise, we with to because law go one you, ye among er priest, with the it and is to duty whose I leave with you,"Peace peace I give my rather another. take not wrong? ye do Why the all position of know in the members giveth, not as the give unto you: world to suffer rather not yourselves be ye do why their districts. several If their they do duty

I you. heart Let unto defrauded? not your be will they really truly the know and positroubled, neither let it be afraid."Nay, ye do wrong, and defraud, and that tion of all those who come under their

To have faith in God and a testimony your brethren. (I Corinthians 6:5-8.) charge. Their duty is very simple. What is

it? is are that to see there They no hard of the of mission the Prophet tie in another to This with seemed feeling existing in the breasts of the Saints truths great hold Joseph divineSmith—these others, which, statement was among one towards another; that there disare no secret the peace. of abiding attention invited recently to more my or acts, honest fraudulent lasciviousness no prayerful, humble, thoughtand How utthe or corruption, Dr. lying, from G. false Durham Homer by no accusations,

ful this as should face great be we we profanity, or drunkenness; the that peoand terances President of Taylor: John

task, this opportunity to do so much ple call upon God in prayer in their various good. If people could live without going to law, households—-the father and mother and chilOne has said: society would be greatly benefitted, and dren, and that all perform their various

individual pockets suffer less. duties and do right....

Lord, make me a channel of thy peace, And while God has organized his church

That where there is wrong I may bring the That comes from the Nauvoc Neighupon the earth after the plan that exists in spirit of forgiveness, bor, July 2, 1845. Somehow or other the heavens, it is for the various officers in

That where there is doubt I may bring faith, the two seem to tie in together with anthe church to fulfil the duties devolving upon

That where there is sadness I may bring other statement from Corinthians: them, acting in all kindness, longsuffering,

joy, and mercy before the Lord, yet with justice

For it is by giving that one receives; In journeyings often, in perils of waters, and judgment that the law of God may be

It is by selfforgetting that one finds. in perils of robbers, in perils by mine own honored, that the principles of righteousness

countrymen, in perils by the heathen, in may be exalted, that the workers of iniquity

Begin now for your mission tomorperils in the city, in perils in the wilderness, may be ashamed, that the meek may inrow. The Lord is blessing many of you in perils in the sea, in perils among false crease their joy in the Lord, and the poor

with greatly increased incomes. Set brethren. (II Corinthians 11:26.) (Continued on page 706)

NOVEMBER, 1943 705

RICHARD L. EVANS outAndof thethen,nineteenthsays Johncentury:Taylor, speaking GENERAL CONFERENCE

{Continued 705) page from this "financiers"of our have Some made this the In welter of of midst lying and it in rejoice the the of discovery, to Holy kind but One comes when men mayamong deception, of of misery, death and and woe truth thing, righteousness practical like Israel; and got that the they, boy,of may have destruction, threatviolent disorder of and

fall of the father's to and people God;prevail or mother's back we on duck among the chaos, ening forces earth only saving on in reality only, in as duck! but Discourses, not act 165.) 20:164, (Journal name ofmay the eternal principles are of everlasting the

in the rebuke of without Saintsthe God I talk plainly?"says Tay- "Do John of rights Christ gospel the and and generation. perverse of and a crookedmidst

I lor. plainly. the talk of of to expects priesthood of Almighty God. "God me powersWe 23:216218.) Discourses, (Journal of this as sole church the of stand possessors to here have with not daub come you

If I violate any law of the church, bring untempered mortar, but I tell you the these mighty forces which we have for our me up for it. If anyone else does, bring him truth."own blessing, salvation, and exaltation, not

only, in trust but also hold for all them we around sneaking don't for it. go Butup spent hours the last I have year many mankind. act us Let misrepresenting. andbackbiting lofty a half and with the thought and

if Saints. least, at be But won'tas men, we

I strong language that to Taylor. standing as thus It seems of John am me profescalling true to and our be shouldwe

sion and honor our God. (Journal of Dis sure that you are going to enjoy studyGod's representatives in the earth,

courses 24:23335.) ing him in the priesthood quorums of charged with the responsibility of carthis church in the year to come. rying the banner of righteousness in the

The further a difficulty spreads, In conclusion a thought of great commighty conflict now raging between brethren, the more bitterly intrenched fort from the same source: truth and error, we are under great redoes it become, and the greater is the There may be circumstances arise in this sponsibility to be one, for we fight

ings—sometimescost in time and inevenmoneyin theanddisaffecin feelworldGod, toto changepervert thefor adesignsseason ofthetheorderMostof againstall the strengthtremendouswe canodds,get.and we need

is apparently, for High, the time experifamilies, being. Yet antion of our which strong. are great United have we We roll their will they into ultimately back altogether repeated that has beenence unit. as strength a programs The we its will proper place and have of the In times. Paul many place—justice as undertaken a have church been have will mercy, so every and and man woman of the words John wordsTaylor—settletoo—in magnificently. accomplished will their true in yet before stand position

if difficulties yourselves,your among... 1:222Discourses, God. (Journal of I call to the the building of mind the about them. Don't worry haveyou 223.) Saints poor. Temple. were The Nauvoo withplenty tolawyers. have do They great leaders, brethren. have had securing for We the of the The money in differences embroiled becomingout the of president the have church We of rematerials the purchase they used the dockets court brethren, andamong I us last with night today. reminded was sacrifices quired that any beyond we differences Settleare your crowded. that the has he longer served among in recent been asked have to make I haven't yourselves. hopeamong we general authorities other than any man times. that the as as soon They knew in church, the of whose Zeezromsany restoration. since has served the who building they completed had and was it said:kind was this sixteenth the of of October On their therein, received they endowments

... because they received their wages acyear, as I recall, President Grant will would have to abandon it. Still they

did therefore, their they to employ,cording as served of general have the auone their to held purpose, they though had stir that might the have they people up thorities for sixtyone years. The longto construction the complete a with get that.. they. employ, might moneymore I est this, to service prior term of bein in the one trowel hand and sword a suits brought to theaccording were which

lieve, that of Wilford was Woodruff, is other. building gone, the but That 11: of them.before (Book Mormon, Alma

20.) fiftynine years. From Joseph Smith to monument erected in the hearts of the

Grant, such Heber counand wisdom live shall testibuilders J. forever as a

If they are I hope any such we have sel as has been as read here, and faith their unity. to and is mony profession. at their a livingnot making in the found of utterances each of these missionary of the church work The

Speaking of John Taylor, I would brethren, are a safe guide to the curis another example of what can be done like to digress a moment to give you one rent conduct of our lives. when the people are united. It is one

or two other statements of his, one parMay God be with President Grant, of the marvels of the age to all who are ticularly to show the uses to which he and help us to appreciate the privilege acquainted with it. Today, one foreign

put humor. of a living leadership with divine aumission is being manned by a single

thority direct inspiration us to and stake. small just returned from had young smart man A all difficulties the through day, of our to the table wished atcollege, show he and erection the of elevator grain on The live help to us to and be enough wisehis extraordinary advancement parents what is this in city Welfare Square a further

I in with counsels, those accordance father,"he, sayshe made. had "Why, evidence can with be of what done in ask the the of the of hardly conceive advance Jesus Lord name can"You

effort. united of erection the When Christ. made."I have Amen

it that structure in contemplation, was father, "I the says son,"am "Well, my sure I am glad to hear you say so, and I was stated by one of the consulting engreat building man."trust gineers that the a could be not will make you

to be two happened ducks on the MARION G. There erected without that skilled crew, a and

table for dinner, and this young man proit would take such a crew between posed to give his father a specimen of his fourteen and fifteen days to pour the smartness. ROMNEY for the bins. cement The cement was says, he "Now,""You see there are only Assistant in aleight days, to the Council of the Twelve poured and onehalf don't you?"ducks,two

unskilled force of wholly most by an father. the answered "Yes,"the delivered at Address Saturday volunteer workers. to Welfare you that there are I can prove "Well,

the session morning 114th ofthree ducks."of production the annual church The

"Can you,"says the father, "that's quite semiannual general conferWelfare budget is another demonstraextraordinary, really. How can you do it?"ence, October 2, 1943, tion of what this church can do.

"Well,"says the son, "I will show you. in the Tabernacle

That's one?"

been greatly I have "Yes."Brethren, imATt engagedis my convictionin the Lord'sthat work,since wewe canare pressed with a passage of very two?""That's

"Yes."modern scripture. You will find it accomplish everything he wants us to

"Well, two and one make three, don't on page thirty of the Message of the do if we will but be united.

they?"this in First in all delivered tabPresidency, not be so things? The Can we

father. "It the "Quite so,"says

It is 3, 1942. ernacle follows certain. answer obvious on October and Weextraordinary, and to you show howis muchvery

I appreciate it, I will eat one of these ducks, a survey of Satan's present efforts to can, but there is only one way, and and your mother will eat the other, and we destroy the people of the earth, and that is for each one of us to find out will leave the third for you."[Laughter] reads what the Lord wants done, and then for

706 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SATURDAY MORNING puting as to the meaning of the words in the organized wards and stakes of of their father, and they were hard to Zion, and some in the mission fields, I in of that the to understand men, for pray have wisdom you the wisdom may all of to us proceed together with enhis the truth father see to says that understand and spoke it and Nephi "many it.ergy to do live to the intends as that unto great things hard which were them Lord I we

while never each Unity comes man I live. is inshould understood, to you, destruction say should to save a be man

in his hischarts course walks and own far brothers, the not only the quire condition being of Lord."His on and away

this very way. Lord made Theown that will their in hearts, the of inquired of not observe hard laws had we God

firstclear in section of the Doctrine the his that and saying Lord, the keep the "maketh commandments Lord have we suchand he Covenants, marked when It will the us. that us."promise things preserve he unto such no known Then

the practice of the for reasons as onea is in it to repent said: our as power was Nephi

calamities coming which upon he saw in the city the people of of the.. power it is that the not keep do ye comHow said: earth.the of inhabitants the He it of is they Nineveh. of that the about Lord? ye were mandments. When How

And the anger of the Lord is kindled, and will perish, because of the hardness of your to be destroyed they repented and were his sword is bathed in heaven, and it shall hearts? Do ye not remember the things preserved. Unless the people of this

Iffall will earth. said? the inhabitants of not the hath the ye Lord which upon in, that live inland their repent of we

hearts, in faith, beshall the the of be revealed; harden your Lord and arm ask me And fidelity the wickedness to turn and and

receive, diligence shall will that that lieving the they with not cometh yeand day who will his Lord, them. judgments overtake the of neither in these surely voice Lord, the the keepinghear voice commandments, my

I don't that harshness say unor with (I shall his things the neither servants, to giveof be unto you. heed known made

words of the prophets and apostles, shall be Nephi 15:1011.) kindness, but because the Lord himself

cut off from among the people; has said it, and it is your duty and mine For they have strayed from mine ordiAne of the activities of the church to let our light so shine that all these

nances, and have broken mine everlasting "which is being given great emphasis people that we can contact will know covenant; is If I this at the time work. Welfare lives that understand that and and God

his to establish the not seek Lord They the counsel of brethren the understand this title is his footstool, to an and our inrighteousness, walketh every but man in this with proconnection correctly shall inheritance here only obtained behis after the image and of his way, own own selfsustaining, a gram, must become his we observing by honoring and him is likeness the in theGod, image of whose world, and whose substance is that of an independent people. This means that laws, and keeping his commandments.

idol, which waxeth old and shall perish in the church members, individually and All these things are made plain to LatBabylon, even Babylon the great, which as a body, must become independent of terday Saints. It is our duty to divide

shall fall. (D. & C. 1:1316.) [Italics audirect public relief of all kinds. the information with others of our Fathor's.] We have done a magnificent work in ther's children.

This message was intended for all our production program and in many activities. welfare other need we What says, the asthe world, and Lord now "\T17e are fortunate to have today

is united to to as one become do now for nearly twelve one hundred and v * the servant of the Lord who in to determination accomplish our man servants been theyears Lord's have presides the over church, the mouththis great independence. of objective it that explaining world, the tocarrying us, sitting piece the in of to our Lord and can This do by understanding all strife, we this trouble, and ofthe cause midst. thousands are There people of brethren the the advice of following is the that relywickedness upon men distance would they any walk who were the instructions the issued from and trust their fellow of counsel and men able, in that order they the see might

church. of headquarters the their flesh inin the of walk and arm face touch the of and the hand Prophet

is there greater to that no It seems me their after the of image own waysown of the Lord, there yet of and are many against fundamental our threat today livtrue the rather than seekgods, and his our people disregard own who ininstitutions of losing that our than his establish righteousness.ing to God this his guidance counsel. and From

is It in fact that sad a dependence. is I to the unity that path repeat only stand he to us very pleaded with not

to find out the will of the Lord, and Utah in 1942, when industrial payrolls repeal the Eighteenth Amendment to then follow it. The way to find it out were up 272% over 1936, the public the constitution of the United States.

expenditures up were is, first, 282% be welfare not to as speak the Heber We must He didn't J. Grant,

It is possible, in the church over 1936. heart. our assume ofhard as man. the of the president spoke He be humble.We must

proper relationship to our Father in Welfare way, to free every member of church and the representative of our heaven, recognizing that in his infinite the Church of Christ from the necessity Heavenly Father. And yet in a state

wisdom he knows what ought to be of accepting direct relief from any pubwhere we could have retained what we done. Therefore, we should be willing lic agency and to make all, except the had, there were enough Latterday

to subject our personal opinions and permanently disabled, selfsustaining. Saints, socalled (some of them hold

actions to his will. I accept this church as the way of positions in the church, or did at that

In this attitude, we should learn what life, not only in the interpretation of time ), who paid no attention to what his will is by a study of his word, as theology, but in the social and economic the Lord wanted, ignored what he had given in the standard works of the phases of our lives, and I expect that said through his prophet, and what is church and through the living prophets. through this Welfare program the the result? Such delinquency as we

This study must be made in faith, and church shall point the way to the soluhave never known is in our own comprayerfully. We should ask the Lord tion of economic problems, so that in munity today, and the sons and daughto help us comprehend the prophet's the future a falling world can point to ters and grandchildren, and in many

words and understand their application it as a light on the hill which has solved cases the fathers and mothers, who deto us. its economic problems in the midst of fied the advice of our Heavenly Father

As an illustration of this approach, I chaos. and said "We will do as we please,"

call your attention to some Book of God help us to become united in our are paying the penalty and will continue

Mormon history. You will recall that understanding and in our efforts to acto do so until they turn away from their

Father Lehi had a dream, in which he complish this great objective, I humbly foolishness and desire with all their saw the tree of life, the fountain of pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen. hearts to do what our Heavenly Father

water, the iron rod, and the large and desires us to do.

spacious building, and that when he told GEORGE ALBERT SMITH his sons about it, they did not under- (Continued from page 661) "Tow, I hope that I am not saying * its such a meaning. had stand Nephi in things that a might make way I hope are preparing, because we we such desire it meant, and what I to know that feel angry with anybody. you am to be prepared. need could the faith that it known Lord make I is feelings. heart such have no My

unto him, that he was caught away into A nd so today, as one of the humblest warm and tender toward the sons and a high mountain and given its interpre- * among you, I feel with all my heart daughters of God; I am grateful to have

tation. When he returned to the tent to invoke upon you the blessing of our such companions as I have in this

of his father, he found his brothers disHeavenly Father. You who are leaders {Continued on page 708)

NOVEMBER, 1943 707 the priesthood have received enGENERAL CONFERENCE GEORGE ALBERT SMITH who have been dowments and sealings and (Continued 707) page from this, of warnunworthy. by way Now

office, talk to and the about began we I to ing people. not these wish to do friends outchurch wonderful some of families. gospel Christ our and Jesus is prerogative, censure. not That myside of with and women whom andit—men his grandfather This parents man's and life salto indicate the but of and way to the of seeking are share gospelwe the of the early pioneers were among is these for the vation and remedy what Christ.Jesus church. every neceshad They made the received whether they men, have I the as stand here of one Today in sacrifice this to sary order to come not, blessings or priesthood temple and grateful the for you,humblest among in early In the country pioneer days. live in their to happily make and homesblessings that upon been have bestowed I talking the that with he found man live families their and and happy, wives this for that the thankfulme, knowledge the hadn't that things ought been doing if their religion, then has a and man Iis in conclusion work, God's and to quite done. not be been had He dies to sealed under a wife him and had I like that to testimony bearwould my faithful principles the of the to gospel the the of conditions those president I I live, as that that theknow, know Christ, lived of he nor Jesus had up is protect to obligation under church is Isaac, of and Abraham, JacobGod privileges his that the to a as were his in rights matter. the isat the helm. true the This church and the Christ. of of church Jesus member

it his the of bears Beloved Son name this talking him, After thought with the priesthood, of brethren do NJow, it. the servants have His namedwho to ours, pioneers of me: These came that done? see be work may we Do bestowed they uponpower, and have fathers grandparour mothers and and these, really our love brethren who we brethren, divine portion of ayou, my all ents, the gathered been have from are unfortunate the as members among belief will that theauthority with you It earth. nations the of not such was;to after this as of church, out so go willqualify, that the with you hope thing the to leave an easy advantages kindness, in humility, in love, them I I up, saymeasure "you"and when their their of country. and homes They better pleading, helping to see the them all to us. disapof going Aremean we sacrifice orin considerable had made his talk life? in of Elder Lyman, way Father?point our goHeavenly Are we of to abancome. der had them Many impressive here very yesterday made leting pieces to to our go homes own positions wealth, and doned good and is stakes in being the that the done work families truth the forsake while ourand all in that that order they they owned, of the missionary work. stake Zion by trifle opportunity? with our Are wewe of valleys to the the might come mounof reported thousands had men who He it live like the world, togoing because tains to the worship Lord. were They inactive brought been been had whois going are to popular? as do Or we the people. charhonest had They activity. into the go work good Maythe of from people Nineveh did—turn all fair acteristic of playing with men. being as conversions as the well on the of foolishness tothe wisdom man it that taught to necessary was They of and good made who men women eterourselves for prepareof and God citizens the to be laws keep and good the church of not have been members life celestial in thenal kingdom? That of enable government our which would not taught and they because been have isis us. offers each he That what what live righteously help to and them more such. to invited become if I will, enjoyof bear us and may we this in great to freedom enjoy them

is is this true that teaching witness another pray and ward work Theyou ours. abiding of land an had They will us these might helpthat our be Father means which Heavenly men by of sense prodecency, and modesty and exalto truth that insures the cleave reached, thoseto have and toward who their themselves tected and and own in eternal the happiness,tation of priesthood, and received the the quorum

life else, that of might everyone out Christ, Lord. of belong, our to Amen. the Jesus they priesthoodname which finest things possible. the They come a presidencies thereof the and have willing, here, to arriving be were when

all responsibility. these great With F. RICHARDS GEORGE in the to build places out various sent

effort individual the agencies and sections. other obediwere up They (Concluded page 665) from us, requires evof the which Lord their of land ent the to not only laws eternity, their for timeto and husbands is that his neighbor, to ery he man their church. to the of but laws obedient through remain with not them always itdo is his neighbor, posto warn warned that loyalty the had them made They eternity. divorcetime Sometimes and sible these bring that cannot memwe seers, to prophets, steadfast the and has not follow a becausements man activity that the into bers the church of revelators, the presided and men who is living his rehis covenants, notkept their help? needs have Lord may He In them. over they every seemed way, is wife, his theligion dearest to which, it. in the conversions here made The to to that willing the things ought do be in complications thething world, and greatin recent are of years stakes Zion

I quite sure that to they done. be amarise, divorce. she secures and a Anin in er have been than made number faults, but they were few comhad later alongother and good comes man fields of in period the the mission same qualities. their to splendid pared many eternity for her, as hercourts wants converted. to time. are here be They desire their of gospel, the Their love that time. for She, he as knowingwell all inactive that these members Would their to to desire obedient, to go be eternity foris man, him wants worthy a activity. into Something brought were priesttheir church, desire to the honor

also, to of the president applies she and for of priesthood. to brethren do, the us to given had been which them hood sealcancellation for ofthe the a church it help well to us the and Lord do May to a us as has handed been downing that her she to be husband I may faithfully, in the of Jesus pray name their heritage. pioneers measure The is this often that tosealed and man, Christ. Amen. life ability in their give to success by

I of that president thegiven. suppose

their to that children heritage a evenin evidence thethe church each has if tually, cherished, lead them would justifies decision rendering that acase H. into of the the presence back God, JOHN If children the thein of favor woman. Father. Eternal

for to decide themselves oldare enoughand they elect to be sealed to their TAYLOR T wondered as I talked to the man and mother and their stepfather, it is perOf the First Council of the Seventy * after he left me, just what we as mitted and the dead man loses his wife, Latterday Saints are doing with our and his children. And where there is Address delivered at the Saturday precious heritage, a heritage paid for

session the afternoon of this kind, of in toil, case a faithfulness, service, divorcement so 114th withno much general semiannual conferif the life is altogether of the sacrifice in unworthy instances of man and many 2, erence, 1943, October the priesthood of and after that and followed might thosewoman, who in the Tabernacle sealed thatblessings finer live just have been upon a bit and better.

him, and he should die, that woman may trust, my brethren, that the Lord I am wondering whether we are feelget a cancellation of the sealing and will bless me so that I may contribing that it is quite as necessary to folbe sealed to another man. Now, there I ute at least a bit to the thoughtfullow the heritage that has to do with the

are some of these adult members of the ness of this conference. gospel of Jesus Christ as we do the

Aaronic priesthood, and some of these The other day a man came into the heritage that has come to us, to suc708 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY AFTERNOON from its commencement, God's blessceive God's commendation, and from ings upon it. that start, to the present time, the

this great through has church grown I with as frequently I think meet to in and a materialceed way, make of missionary system marvelous and particupriesthood, of the and groups this ability valuable is amoney. While activity unequalled anywhere. is like this the that unto larly today, receive our to one important fromand

corporations, organized and great you if it isparents, while not worth we find here in midst our own we XTow, its in priesthood the governing body being splendid heritage oflose other the call for situations which at home thereof. directors the are honest. kind decent Thereand and and situations help, additional have which I the reflect temporal remunerauponis that higher can compliment no we beautifully eloquently and been so contrast in receive, tion and which you heritage our us to those gavepay who the of touching today. of spoken The results this the great to which come it establishing in in ourselves usingthan the turning hearts the of of young, and I reefforts. untiring your from am in righteousness the earth andupon are innocent and those of minds who sacrifice so the also of which minded in thus treasureslaying heaven and up into free will bring channels back which are and of have makmade you many.to parwith ourbecoming be worthy the in results desire the here which we I associate ing; with you men whom lives finishedents after our have we church. virtuhave walked know, you and who earth. thehere upon

all of experience the have had You of the for ally advancement barefooted the story of and Jacob know We It situations. these exmeeting was my fields in mission and your God's work didn't birthright be toEsau. seem The of recently to perience contact on one it all into yet, go of home, out come you birthto so important theso Esau, and

little streets a our unfrequented very thereafter a business, devote good and itright another. to Sometimes came

child, of age, with three years perhaps profits earnings portion of and your to get idea the that beseems me we its streaks tearthe face where down inthis great this church, into to back in thecause born church been have we plainrun, talk couldn't drops had who established, stitution has which Godall the blessings to that give can God ly, child or another a year with but two earth. taken the to from again be neverus, as health brains such and good good

it. I left older, to to guard had gone I praise give constantly So, and marvel fine other naturally thingsand many certain for person. ask a was one No the of to each and member homage gifts us. tobelong these are valuBut

at parents and home. were The work this church. priesthood of helpfulable only use as and make we left will these alone. children You I grateful for kindthe indeed am Itof them. that brethren, to me, seems

I I understand say what mean when fine consideration ness which and you fathersas layfor are responsible we little this that and one me hugged came to stakes given of presidents have meing splendid such a getfoundation and knees, at the the looked with and by me I midst. into as your cometing into the hearts in children of our

intelligent gaze, imploring most and I fully that perhaps aware we am after that a passsuch on, they way we for attenparental hungering love and directors that of the best are board paidwill the gospel consider of Christ Jesus

I tion. shall, can't forget, never and if earth, of each one has on and God finestthe heritage that could have we

I but remember which God's do words nothing given could asked, be us wereleft to to enable helpful them them be here written accurately: to quote I have in slightest degree could the him whichas earth they labor here to the on and

keep them safe until they find their way compare with the compensation which But, behold, I say unto you, that little back into the presence of God, their God has given him for the unselfish children are redeemed from the foundation

Eternal Father. labor and interest he has shown in of the world through mine Only Begotten;

is sin, for they Wherefore, cannot power great work. God's lives, live our I hope and pray As we

chillittle to unto given tempt Satan allthat will satisfied us of to not that beginning be in the be know You when notdren, until they accountbegin to become is in themerely church. this born no extremely church young, There was able before me;

royal road to learning, neither is there young, nearly all the membership of For it is given unto them even as I will, a royal road into the presence of God, it had a great urge to proclaim its mesaccording to mine own pleasure, that great the Eternal Father. Whether they be sage, and a very restless feeling to go things may be required at the hand of their

our children or somebody else's chilout to do something. They could not fathers. (D. & C. 29:4648.)

dren, gaining attaining salvation so, the inactive, and kept and, they remain I rethese things think which God is totally kingdom dependentGod's anon Smith busy Prophet very Joseph quires realat can't fully our be hands lifethe lives of type their as questions, each one particularly the he swering until ized performed duty our have we hisspends time the earth. here in hearts of arose the upon question which with clean concerning hands and come

lose parents not our because so men: we May many this is here generation younger which

of unfaithfulness. our the Lord May us. among desired of times have For you many me to that shall usbe enough good not we Francis this the that about of to most wrote would be which Thompson knowlose children our of because lack our you. unto worth a child

of teaching training or or love or symthis thing, for are blessed and Behold, you pathy or tolerance; but may they refor speaking my words which I have given Know you what it is to be a child? It is

member us because of our good works, you according to my commandments. to be something very different from the

and the principles of righteousness And now, behold, I say unto you, that man of today. It is to have a spirit yet

It is of the streaming baptism. waters from will of thing worth the be the most which their inwhich hearts, have placed we in loveliness. in believe love, to to believe to repentance declare will unto be unto you in the pray I humbly of Jesus name little is It is It to in belief. to believe so be souls this bring that people, unto you mayChrist, our Redeemer. Amen. that elves the in your reach whisper and can rest in kingthe that with them me, you may

dom of my Father. (D. & C. 15:4-5-6.) ear. It is to turn pumpkins into coaches and

into everything, for each child has the will read Docnothing find as you You its fairy godmother. I think, RUFUS K. trine mice into horses, lowness into loftiness and from, say Covenants and

this Section the 12th throughout on see day, our Well, in many we that scripture almost of great volume HARDY the relegated to changes. have We the instance answer every was Council of the Seventy Of the First of yesterday. the sayings the scrapheap

same. We make fun of the old horse and Address delivered at the Saturday

days. buggy except thy and home, house when Leave session afternoon the 114th of

less family; to see shalt desire from thy or have thou more gone We semiannual general conferall; to preach, yea, freely exspeak beautiful And that commodious most home erence, 2, 1943, October

truth, loud a the hort, with declare even acres choice of land with around a few in the Tabernacle rejoicing. of (D. C. sound voice, with a & it as boys, played where where we

19:3637.) I this always, before stand gatherings in there church joyous came

As in these great gatherings with a One after another of the brethren reevening to that house, and where thethe t sense of adoration, realizing, as ceived that answer, and they all went hospitality of parents and children made

I do, through the study of its history forth to do God's bidding and to re- (Continued on page 7101

NOVEMBER, 1943 709

I trust, shall that I brethren, my be GENERAL CONFERENCE RUFUS K. HARDY

I inspired guided say this and in what [Continued 709) page from It to at that afternoon. each seems me

to reports continue come and etters T I that general or stake conferenceit of dwelling at- *-"'place and a blessed Palestinethe regularly quite from I great sense the rekeenly tend more live in apartmentretreat. now Wejoyful missions. African Syrian the South and resting sponsibility are those upon who live in five hundredhouses where the Messenger, Southern Cumorah's I that called speak, confess to upon and don'tthe yet house, and know same we the publication of sixteenpage monthly I I is fear, habit, getthe and do worry, this of says them.any God a be Mission African would South ting better of as time instead worse

Every spirit of man was innocent in the goes on. credit to any mission.

assistance having of redeemed thebeginning; man and the Red Through God

I opportunity, the appreciate howtheir again, in fall, the becamefrom men department correspondence Cross we fine ever, here of brethren meeting you state, before innocent God.infant recently from heard have Denmarkin stakes, especially your and and taketh am cometh and one that wicked And just This message Copenhagen. came

still disobedience, truth, that thankful light through can very meet and weaway It last 24th: dated week. was June of because children of men, if and the this building,from the in historic great even

fathers.tradition of their it I restrictions. is under hope some President Dear McKay:

bring to up you commanded I have But will that time the with soon come you the church. greetings to send you and We truth. C. (D. in light and children &your restrictions will these be all safe. if poswell are Write, when and reWe93:3840.)

sible. will preconditions that natural moved,

And again, inasmuch as parents have chilvail and we can again have our wives, Sincerely, dren in Zion [where we are] or in any of mothers, and sisters meet with us. Orson B. West

teach that organized, are stakes whichher

I privilege of for the very happy am reof doctrine the understand to notthem realso has been message A similar briefly reporting conditions again on the of the in faith Christ Sonpentance, the ceived Mission. Netherlands from missions. in existing the gift of European As the and baptism ofliving and God, left the headquarters Europe, we When the of far learn, are laying the on can our as membersthe Ghost by we Holy

this at but message Hague, were The sin be old, the years eight stillhands, in the of when carrying twelve each on just last received from comes week parents. the of the headsupon the that missions comprise European

12, Utrecht, 1943: April dated the inhabitand unto was shall this a law be For thirtyare group. There now

of her stakes in any or of Zion,ants still are thousand members. all well. which two in beautichurch Live Holland aboutWe 68:2526.) (D. C. organized.are &

British, ful Utrecht. at the the with able correspond to home

I am acquainted with this great body PalestineSyrian, the South African, (Signed) Jacob Schipaanboard of men who go forth to teach the beauthe Swedish, and the Swiss missions.

letters very and Very interesting speak are to Switzerland our letters of Jesus However,tiful gospel Christ—I received reports are still complete from I missionaries, "Service susand all returned stamped stake of ournow

are although they Mission Swedish that they to sender."with them plead earnestly we thedo pended—returned English the censored the both and by effort, alone Switzerland. not get werewill do an extra put forth mail from WeBut

inletters these hear Germans; from we church, this but surprised weeks happily to a few belong very thoseto who

to those with whom they constantly ago to receive several copies of a new directly from the Norwegian and the come in contact who are not members book from Basel, Switzerland. Brother Danish missions. The following are exof the church; to devote some of their Max Zimmer, the acting mission presicerpts from the last letter dated Autime and attention to the children, those dent of the Swiss mission has translated gust 5, 1943:

choice diamonds from heaven which the series of lectures by Elder Joseph I hereby forward the statistical and fiGod has given us, that they may be Fielding Smith, given about two years nancial reports for the months of June and taught in the truth, for in this generaago. These were printed in the church July. We read with interest about the contion of which I speak the coming glory section of The Deseret News, and ferences you have held and happy that

and grandeur of this nation must be Brother Zimmer has translated them they were so blessed in results. I am particularly Father to thankful our Heavenly of into language them the development and had German and the growththrough

also, in that been country, our have we printed. virtue of and in paths children, the able to conferences. hold meetings and our

still letters reports reguget their hearts and that and righteousness, and We 2327 great held con- M.I.A. our June we

district. "light in larly the FrenchSwiss and centered from energies be A in participants, ference both with Goteborg,

truth."very successful district conference was old and young, from many different places

la 16, in the land, at fortifying further held Fonds, thus de our Chaux May I us give us, pray, and bless God existing the singular unity love and Brothamong special tribute paid to was where the children that this understanding may in the mission. Saints president of the Chappuis, er Henry it I efforts ask and our helped be by

Finland Participants and from years, for Norway Branch who many in Jesus'name. Amen. Lausanne

conference anhad been our midsummer father 18. is the of in died February He

our Brother Gaston Chappuis, and announced, but permission to travel abroad other son is at present presiding over wasgretted.refused them, which we very much re-

E. the Basel Branch in the Swiss MisTHOMAS sion; another son is a major in the Swiss This is interesting:

hall has been secured army. fine new A

mission has published a book The Danish Branch. for the Geneva McKAY entitled About Mormonism, by The Truth

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve By way of Switzerland, we also reReed Smoot, in the reviews of which many ceived rather surprising news, that a newspapers have printed a great deal about

Address delivered at the Saturday member of our Paris Branch, a young the church, a copy of the picture of the afternoon session of the 114th lady, is singing leading opera roles in Prophet Joseph Smith in the book having writeups. of the accompanied some and Switzerland. So they are even France general confersemi-annual

that relaIt has knowledge come to my still carrying on in Paris. 2, 1943, erence, October tives missionary to former of a Denmark,

in the Tabernacle We received, also via Switzerland, by name of Homer P. Andersen, had rethe sad news of the recent death of ceived information that in a raid over Germany, been forced to make Andersen All had with today at luncheon Sister of Liege. Aurore Horbach, my

well interned. a landing, and was He was in a lull inWhilefamily, labored missionaries the the there was who have

suffering for not anything. had He of will conversation, her husand one her Liege and and remember my

relatives his to forward asked in Norway that she that president hoped branch of remarked daughters band was who parents, greetings to the commission which this in translator also mission for years, upon and be called daddy would letter P. I carried out a by sending to Hans

afternoon's session, so he could quit until the time of his death in 1935. He Andersen, 362 West First South Street,

worrying and "join with us in convertranslated the Articles of Faith into Logan, Utah. I hope that that communicasation."[Laughter.] French, and also many of our hymns. tion has reached them.

710 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SATURDAY AFTERNOON at home must not let our boys down of when Peter and John went to the

AND EVENING thefortyworld.thousandLet ofus themwholeheartedlyin all parts getof templeman whoandhadat thebeengatea cripplethereof fromfoundhisa

behind every movement that would youth, and when he asked alms at their

I have received the deplorable informahasten the victory in this "war against hands, Peter said: "Silver and gold

tion from Norway that their mission periodwickedness."have I none, but such as I have, give I

ical, normal under which over Norge, Lys I that closing in of Christ suggest of thee. In the Jesus name may And issued and semimonthlyconditions was rise conuncertain unsettled, walk."Nazareth, imthese up and And issue, has duringlater a retrenched to monthly was

in cripple's the those ditions, only mediately ankle feet and where disthe of trade department been order all—notby

continued altogether. It is also now clear uniform, but also those of us at home, bones received strength, and he walked

to me that a great need of provisions exists are under a strain, that we be more into the temple with Peter and John.

and that the aged, especially, are hard hit. tolerant, show a little more kindness You do not buy gifts like that with

I have therefore decided to go to Oslo, if and tenderness, and consideration tomoney. They are the riches of heaven,

abroad, for travelingpermission can be had testifaith our children, that through and a our and and come wards find personally done.to out can be what not liable are of the gospel of the neighbors. are Jesus mony Lord if we wivesWe in the country our here churchPresumably

to Christ. say careful unguarded in an moment try to organize source whereby somemust

our members in the Norwegian mission can or do things that we otherwise would Recently I read the new book by be assisted. I believe President McKay will not do or say. So let us guard our Brother Hinckley on the life of Presiagree with me that we must try to do sometongues, never say an unkind word to dent Daniel H. Wells, and I was greatly

thing to help them. our loved ones in the home. When I impressed with the power of his testiof Saints the he unkind words mony. speak move saw I am reminded Wnen just British In the Mission they have written Settler's Story,"not the although of toward West, Old "The he was their conferannual districtconcluded

in these that at contained the the of church theme around and a memberences, I quote: and time a property possessed and words much

Never have we experienced a greater eviBoys flying kites haul in their white winged wife who was opposed to the church, dence of unity and faith among our membirds,'and a son, he had to make a choice to bers, and the Spirit of the Lord has been But you can't do that when you're flying cast his lot with the Saints or remain present in rich abundance at every conferwords. with his wife and son and his property.

ence. priesthood annual missionwide An left her, left her his to property and fall He held. alsoconference has been The sometimes unexpressed, sixty Thoughts, may the going the behind, with on and boy will forget presentbrethren the threenever

multiplied Saints; unto the Lord and conference the attended marvelousday by can't kill them when they're But 'Godback himselfdead,

manifestation of the Spirit of the Lord. said. him because of his sacrifice, and that

because of his testimony of the gospel.

words. us say unkind never So let

this wit- I also take opportunity of I know, and as we have YoulAY of the tones sweet are "Kind words in side, particularly our every nessed just reading on from paragraphs two I that very heart."much. love song

a letter from one of our boys in the ministry in this church, how marvelousother, to each oft kind speak words us Let willingly sacrifice, ly people andservice received how parents. has by his He

be, or where'er we home may At it their are souls touched they nearly three do years, overseasbeen when much heather, the birds of on the warbling gospel. of the with a testimony the Likeof in countries the time to belonging free; will and tones welcome be The

in I our ward. of think a little woman Mission:European that's repining, heart the They'll gladden

her and approached bishopric as a above; from We courage hope and Give

I to resolved back up come When not who'a member the shining her husband, hide was the clouds dark where And

I left. Ithe been have same away I wayjoined if of love. sunlight the in they bright Let asked church, them of the and

I still to three years,nearly going and am their to send son in on a were I in difficulty thereturn same. have no home give the kind words Oh, we said, don't know a mission. I "We the ofkeeping not do positionWe Wisdom. Word live in Shall memory

relatives rich any whether have to you andswear never need do have had any in will so unkind words mem- (And

I stillso. prayers have they had say and help knew can my who that. you"—we forget not ory live—do I times. answeredthem been have many of we meager were circumstances—but impart; forever to sunshine andlucky always have companions And go, to and said, is worthy boy "The

other, tofriends habits; in oft each kind clean are us speak Let words smoke some who repto have him proud be would we

it is heart. of that for the are tones not sweetbut Kind them words good and know

resent ward."our attry quit. to taught have always You me

home to have clean habits, read good literaMay the Lord help us, brethren, to By that time tears were trickling ture, associate with people who have high carry out in our lives the thoughts exdown the little mother's face, and she standards. You have always shown me the pressed in those words, and follow the said, "Bishop, if you will send my boy

way (not just told). My ambition has aladmonition of our Savior to "love the on a mission, I'll see that he has the

live that to been so wouldways you all heart, if he thy thy and with every to day be Lord I have work money God

I call to son,proud as your have always me all all soul, is mind, mission thy with in the thy with and to keep him gone of parents.been you, proud my

all neighstrength, thy with and thy and deal. the I miss pringreat a church The

I I of in passed the thyself,"California, in living as pray bor name field."Whenciples the in taught church have always

been a great source of comfort and satisJesus Christ. Amen. a bakery night after night on my way

faction to me. I always know that I have home from work and saw one of our

asa Higher Aid as long little uniform bakery

I his teachings.with sons of her knowI livethatin accordancethe Church LEGRAND RICHARDS goodclerkingsisterswhilein sheher kept two

of of is the Christ Latterday Saints Jesus (Continued 683) page from field. in the mission

true church. endeavored I have always they indicated that making I to both were like this to see testimony would actions, others to as as wellshow by my I privilege sacrifices. financial the had in the planted of hearts and our boys teachings, sincerity.by my my conferstake of attending Washington I girls, that our and want you to know

That letter, brethren, is typical of ence a week ago last Sunday with Pres- I know boys can have a testimony of thousands of others that are received ident Benson, and he told me of some the gospel, even in their youth.

by parents whose sons are in all parts of the financial offers that had been of the world serving their country, made to him. I took occasion before A statement reached us at the prefighting for the perpetuation of "man's the people of the stake to compliment ** siding bishop's office a few days

free agency"—the same principle for them on the honor that had come to ago from one of our educators who in

which we fought in our preexistent them in the call of their stake president, teaching a Sunday School class made state. The leader of that rebellion and but I assured them that Brother Benthis statement: "I don't know whether

his followers were defeated and cast son would make great financial sacriit would be proper for us to teach our out of heaven and they are here on earth fices, but God granted unto the children young people to read Leaves horn My still fighting truth, determined to deof men blessings that were worth far Journal, by Wilford Woodruff, for prive us of our free agency. We here more than money, and reminded them {Continued on page 712)

NOVEMBER, 1943 711 LEGRAND RICHARDS hiscapeteamthe fallingand wagonoak thatjusthadin timestoodtothereesGENERAL CONFERENCE (Continued from page 711) all those years, etc.

servants. In the Lord's our organisimilar spiritualfear they might expect impression That an made upon my of

zations, both of women, men and I amexperiences, life. be disappointed."and like children impressed I would my

I wonder if there are really very with that kind of inspiration, spiritual sure we have leaders who are divinely

I called, testitheir heard have and Saints Latterday I be gifts. would spiritualmany who power, as look Now,

strengthtimes; they monies have many to theafraid I of unto promise youth testiover back to bear want my

this, mine, that quesened any beyond gifts spiritual blessings theZion and this to brethren, here you, mony life,my is tion, the the of Lord. work himself,that Father the Eternal night, that God, the to has kind Lord been

has promised. me, and I have had evidences enough There are a good many things in the

We cannot offer our young people all through my ministry to know that plan of salvation that have not yet been the Bible as the word of God, or the the sweetest thing in this world that I made clear, but which some day will be standard church works, and believe know anything about is the companionrevealed. I had an experience this past

only a small portion of that which is ship of the Spirit of God, and the gifts summer, of administering to a child six written therein. and blessings that come by virtue of days old, in the hospital. I had never

After the Savior was resurrected, he the same. before administered to a child; I have

commissioned his disciples to go into blessed many children, but never had adall the world and preach the gospel to Tt is my testimony that when you read ministered to any. This child had to unevery creature, and then he promised A the words of the Master that "this dergo an operation, so the doctor had

them spiritual gifts and blessings as a is life eternal, that they might know sent it to the hospital. The mother had

result of their faith. I find nowhere in all thee the only true God, and Jesus asked that I should be called to adminHoly Writ where the Savior ever reChrist, whom thou hast sent,"(John ister to it.

scinded the promises he made unto 17:3) you are not going to know him I could find no one in the hospital at

those who would accept his gospel. just because you read about him in that time to go with me, and so it beOn the day of Pentecost, the Spirit books; you are going to know him became necessary to perform the ordiof God was poured out like cloven cause you have partaken of his Spirit nance alone. I saw that little infant lytongues of fire, and Peter, representing and of his power, and you have been ing there, just six days old; it had never

the apostles, spoke until men were lifted up until you know there is a taken any food, it could not digest it, moved upon and smitten in their hearts, power in this world so much greater and something had to be done. So I

and said: "Men and brethren, what than yours that it leaves no room for administered to the child. And this reshall we do?"And Peter, the mouthdoubt. markable thing happened: it was unpiece of God upon the earth, replied: We should remember the words of able to cry, it was so weak, yet it op-

I its administered to it, eyes ened when said that the Paul of things he when every baptized and one Repent, be intelliat looked and as much me with are the Spirit of understood by of God for the of Christ in the Jesus name you

I in as ever seen person any have gence things are the of underand God, man sins, the of receive remission ye shall and gift of the Holy Ghost. stood by the spirit of man, and the namy life. Now, this is the truth I desire

For the promise is unto you, and to your tural man understandeth not the things to point out: I do not know just how

children, and to all that are afar off, even of God, for they are foolishness unto the transition is made, but I knew this as as child, that the Lord our God shall call. many I administered as to much not natural do want men him. We (Acts 2:38, 39.) fully six that days a been before it had in priestteaching our the Aaronic boys

I want you to know that as far as hood; we want men of God, who have grown spiritual man, and that it was ful-

I am concerned, that promise has been faith in God and faith in his promises, ly grown when this earth was made. And

made good in my life, and I have faith and faith in spiritual gifts and spiritual I remembered, too, that the Savior of it will be made good in the lives of my power. the world, Jesus Christ our Lord, was

children and their children, unto the You brethren do not need to be born as was that child, with a fully latest generation, if they have faith in afraid to promise your children or the matured spiritual body but in the physiGod and are willing to keep his comyouth of Zion that the blessings and cal form of a babe.

mandments. gifts of the Holy Ghost will be theirs if This vital truth is made plain in the

Then I remind you that in the last they will live for them. You do not incident recorded in Third Nephi. That

chapter of the Book of Mormon, Morhave to fulfil these promises. God, the great prophet was crying unto the Lord

oni writes at some length on this subEternal Father, who made them, will for help to control and lead those rebelject. He tells of the marvelous gifts of fulfil them. And when they have a testilious people who had turned away from

the Holy Ghost, and says that by the mony and spiritual conviction in their the promises of their fathers. He was

power of the Holy Ghost might we souls, you do not need to worry about wondering when the time of the Mesknow the truth of the words contained your boys or your girls, no matter siah's coming should be—that event

in that book, for "by the power of the where they go. which Samuel the Lamanite had preHoly Ghost ye may know the truth of God bless you, in the name of Jesus dicted should take place, and he was

all things."(Moroni 10:5.) Then he Christ. Amen. crying unto the Lord in mighty faith,

warns us that we deny not the gifts of when a voice came unto him saying:

God, and enumerates them and then "Lift up your head and be of good adds that these gifts shall never be taken cheer; for behold, the time is at hand,

given, this the sign shall be night and on O. SAMUEL shall stand, long as the world as away

I the into the come and on morrow the unbelief of to the except according.".. (Ill 1:13.) world Nephi children of men. BENNION in that the born he was morrow On historic that that record with Closing

Seventy First Council of the Of the in in cradled stable a manJudea, and I live anticto feel to promise, ought we ger, this little infant that even as I saw gifts ipate of the Spirit the expect and at delivered the of Address Saturday to. I administered this tabernacle... when I was in God. the session evening 114th of Wilford Woodruff told—and I think it semiannual general conferThis is one of the things we do not was his last public address—how marerence, October 2, 1943, fully understand. But the Christ made

velously the Lord had led and guided in the Tabernacle this world, there is no question about and inspired him, and how we would not that. It was he who established his Fahave Bishop Soand-So, if he had not am delighted, my brethren, to be in ther's work in the days of Adam; who

heeded the promptings of the Spirit of your midst tonight, and to have atgave the Law unto Moses; who brought

God not to take the company of emi- I tended the conference today and the children of men, anciently, to a grants on the boat down in New Oryesterday. It has been a great pleasure, realization of his divine plan; and it

leans, how that by the inspiration of the for many years, to attend these conferwas he who established his people in

Spirit he arose in the night and moved ences, and to listen to the instructions this land upon which we live, long be712 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will never again. There Christ comes secure employment can and girlsSATURDAY EVENING boys

so I will have a time at salaries you and they never before when heard be have of. Many of them, who have been big a part to play as we do today. This

fore he came into the world, in the reared in homes where they have been is your day, it is my day, it is the time meridian of time. taught to pray, where they have had for men to prepare to meet their God.

I do not know how this earth was wise guidance by parents who loved and to establish the principles of etermade, only I know it was not made of them, and where they listened to them nal truth in the hearts of the children nothing; it was made of material subbecause they had not seen the outside of men.

stances. In to Smith a revelation Joseph girls, today, and boys to bless you, in the I pray the Lord world—thesethe Prophet, given to underwe are left their of them, homes have many of Jesus. Amen. name

faithfulstand that to those are who larger centers to the have at and by come the Lord's coming, he will show how the hundreds, yes, by the thousands.

he made the world. That is one of the They are getting more money than they JOSEPH F. SMITH

things that will come to our knowledge had ever dreamed of, and they are—thisif we keepand manythe commandmentsother great andof marGod spendingyoung peopleit. inTherethis countryare hundredsright now,of I pray(Concludedthat wefrommaypagemagnify680) the

velous truths. priesthood, that we may have vision,

This congregation here are of men astray mere led by that be may not we inrepresentatives Father of our Eternal intelliable shall be that names, we the earth. You hold positions of trust, gently to examine governmental prospiritually and financially. You uphold cedures, and that bringing our judgthe leadership and are the leadership of ment to the matter of government,

church. estabthe are the men who You disunusual shall and wisdom have welish faith in hearts children the the of office for selecting in who men cernment

I thatof a men, have and you know is that for comwill government stand is gospel. of thetestimony This work gospel. the patible with

is being of thegrowing and work God I it, I but hope of heard not have

I before.built firmly than ever do more international conin of our that some just presthe of thenot end what know leaders our are the ferences men who it will conflict will far be,ent or how their get to on big are down enough I the that thereach, in end but know

I guidance. divine for ask knees and this will established in landdemocracy

it at that Casadone not heard was have it rule, for willsurvive, govern and and the Lord established his church here, blanca; I have not heard that it was

nevermore to be thrown down, neverdone at Washington; I have not heard

more to be disorganized, but to be in that it was done in Quebec. It may have

the earth when he should come in the been. I hope it was. But when we can

soluthat the realize have who men of his in the day and of his wrathday in terms be must problems tion to our fulfilment promises of his and his PatriarchJoseph toF. theSmith,Church

pledges unto the children of men. of the word of the Lord, then shall we

fight can just then government; we have his will will to he come own; come He in wealth. this increase of because who, battle. a his people,to unto hold the men who themselves, control to able and are not influence. This great exercise can in his justWe act thehis priesthood, to power ruindrinking using are tobacco and and the little be must minority numericalname. lives. their ing the of the leavens lump leaven which I facing are problems, Now, we

is that conthe duty save them responsibility. It To is Where our world. before,think, faced that never have we at this of church fronts the priesthood is is expected. given, God much much time. least in history theat of my in seriously, I the time present most remy to our live up can that grant we for the actively past engaged beenhave

left nothing be opinion. should There of I the in sponsibility, pray, name seenthirtynine years, never and I have

these to persuade undone. have You Christ. Amen. Jesus as confront that theyconditions us do

girls; them. drive cannot and boys you fathers pioneer our camenow. When that, those try but to Dictators do later, in these 1847 and canyonsdown exLEVI Savior's follow and our Lord EDGAR who YOUNG this country, into a barrenthey came persuade lead and must ample men It forbidding. 681)country no page most was [Concluded from

unfeigned. love kindness and by themWe folk the that of somewonder women get comon teach, must fore can we of we hold our must youth—thousands cried cried, as grandmother when my has that that love with ground, eternal covenants the mon under born them in live to that she landshe the had saw that genuwith about, spoken just been the are Father. Eternal of They our plains. the after pilgrimage across the the of human understanding of ineness not reclaim. must ones must we We in left England, where herShe had home Luther- "I a said, if it is possible, heart. led am This to be them, man allow life; join did not she enjoyedshe had

an. away. this until counto shethe church came him, to I saying of pleasure the had is closely our with youth This work or try, her husband with she but came his taught Luther "I what remember allied larger to our left behind. That been she have would obligation—missionit 'I takes believe said: he people when it like in is nothing work. ary There the mandate.was

soul unto the heart truth and of the is life the all blood the the world. 'As this country, she saw wept She when God.'truths of the derstand the flesh, is missionary so of the work

I brethren, tell to you, want and my it life this take that."church, believe "I of if you and replied: And He this into the came and men women who

is great church. there are a said, no away, continuing, he "You it in which place hard country a found

to live. They struggled day and night This is the church and kingdom of admirer of Luther?"

and all the time, to gather something to God that was established by the Savior "Yes, very much so."I will not go

eat and clothing to wear. Many of who came to this earth in the meridian into detail, for my time is up, but when

them went hungry. But they weathered of time, who performed his mission, he went through the gate he turned to

the storm of adversity and they estaband died that we might live. It is the me and said: "And I want to say to

lished in the valleys of the mountains work of God; I know that our Eternal you, Friend, that I am an admirer now

the greatest commonwealth that can be Father appeared to Joseph Smith, his of Joseph Smith, who, you say, is a found in America. They were courason, and said unto him, "Joseph, this is prophet of God."

geous men and women. my beloved Son. Hear him."You see, we came on common ground,

Now then, the thing that confronts As a result of that visitation came and he felt happy that we found someus all is the conditions that exist today. this great organization, the church, thing good in his belief, and I felt hapWhat changes have come! Today our which will go on to perfection until the {Continued on page 714)

NOVEMBER, 1943 713 LEVI EDGAR YOUNG ALBERT E. BOWEN GENERAL CONFERENCE SATURDAY EVENING

(Concluded from page 713) [Concluded from page 674) in the afforded them are that in portunities noble something he that foundpier convenience. their for provided are that sysinstitute the and system seminary themine. concerning all conviction a Above qualithose for and, church the of tem eternal their life rememlet us all own bless of and and you, purpose God university. in its fied, righteous God, of through realizable are missionaries that destinyber we

declaring the gospel of his kingdom, There is no use of our building buildliving and conformance to laws of God that it may be lodged in the hearts of ings and manning them with teachers, should be given to the youth of ourmen. I have a humble testimony of unless students fill the halls. We are time.

influence and the in when living a day that been has ofthis great their work in God teachers these bless God May their in specialized men, those of power last through days the in theserevealed devotion, earnest their efforts, unselfish is needed understanding, training and have servants of those whoprophecy, to make endeavors untiring their and development of matter in the assist to for spoken have to and near ourbeen of God women and of kind men the livof a nurturing the character and of bless you word. his holy God like to andhim would girls that we and boys if girls, we in and faith boys our ing Christ. of Jesus in all, I the ask, name of in I the name be, pray them have influences the under just will them putAmen. Jesus. Amen.

JOSEPH F. MERRILL

(Continued from page 672) taught that "as God now is, man may become."How may man become like

God? By working, advancing, growing, increasing, by his efforts, and he

will have a long, long time in which he can continue those efforts.

So, we needn't be discouraged if we don't learn everything here. It is impossible, of course.

this of phase another there is Now, about, speak to I want teaching and that is the teaching by example. So far as we are concerned—those of us who are in this meeting—I think we

ought to hold that method of teaching constantly in our minds: We teach by

example.

You know it is said, and I think truthfully by many people, "I'd rather pee a sermon any day than hear one."I

think that is true, and we are called

I tell upon to teach—and that is what

nearly every returned missionary whom

I interview in my office—we are called

upon to teach every day of our lives by this method of example. I tell the

returned missionaries whom I interview that they are released for the moment from the precept method. When will

they be released from the method of "Never."say, they! example? Of courseCMAM 'WAR as they are long not as That is true,

Every "iron horse"is a Man O'War these days fellowshiped in this church, at any rate.

I the example think, us, of most For transportation battle to the fronts look when teacher effective far more is a materiel to method front for and movement of men are method. precept our than We

complete the big job ahead. called upon, therefore, to live in harmony with our faith, with the principles

The Burlington is proud that its plant, equipof the gospel, with the teachings that to our underhas revealed Lord ment and manpower are teamed up with that the will follow, which, standing, if we will of all other American railroads to do the bigeventually lead us back in his presence.

gest military transportation job in history. Yes, brethren, we do know that we

should love one another, we do know

At the same time we're not forgetting that a lot that we should teach the two great of civilian traffic, both passenger and freight, commandments by example as well as is vital to the war effort. With allout cooperabyteachprecept,the secondand wegreatcannotcommandmenteffectively

tion of the travelers and shipunless we live the Golden Rule. We

pers whom we serve, we expect must do unto others as we would have of whethus. a test And do unto to handle that too. others is just to imit or not, doing er we are

agine that we are in the other fellow's shoes and he is in ours. When we are

(Continued on page 716) 714 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

rfW-**

tell you Let me about a $100 value for only $75

What a bargain it is for you—and for

every American. I'm referring to a $100

U. S. War Bond for only $75. Ten years

from now it'll be worth $100.

It's everyone's patriotic duty, of course,

to buy War Bonds. But also consider

War Bonds from an investment pointof- view—an investment as stable and sound

as a brick home.

Interstate Brick Company 3100 South 11th East Salt Lake City, Utah * -*715 NOVEMBER, 1943 JOSEPH F. MERRILL GENERAL CONFERENCE

{Continued from page 714) fellow all children because men, we are in the our LET YOUR in his shoes, how would we like to be of in heaven, both Father treated? spirit and in the flesh; and therefore the

practice Well, reason can and if we family are members one of the human HEART it I in fairness, think can we sisters, brothers percent adopt a hundred and method of living that will not be very and I think a proper interpretation of DECI far from living the Golden Rule. Of loving our neighbors extends to the

it I course, live completely, we cannot entire family. are Therefore human we

in think, because are of a world we obligated to love obligated them, we are temptations, are of evil, world in a we to to of serve the extent our them opand we are strongly influenced by what portunities; and we can serve them

other people do and what they say, greatly, not by words of mouth alone, they what think, how they act, behave, but that example by the we set.

on. and so brethren, help us, to be Lord The

Again, we all inherit weaknesses true to our obligations, to live according from our forebears, to indulge some of to our teachings, and to seek his guidwhich, of from our point view, from shall ance, without because make it we life, the is Lord's of definitely way fail sinmistakes, shall mistakes, serious we ful. Well, reason of these by weakif times, only the but enjoy can many we

nesses, influence the of the world, and Spirit, of the companionship Holy the all temptations of the Evil One, if fulfil the of which we may obtain we difficult us find it so live fully to and it, conditions necessary to get then we completely to according our teachings acceptably, can teach precept both by standards, that and not quite sucdo we the example, and by which Lord can cheer lonely may some You ceed. But are obligated anyhow, we in help to do, us the I pray, of far soldier name from home—because

it, to best to our do particularly do Christ. all Jesus Amen. is of 17 one major war U S I of us here. are think who perhaps

relief agencies participating in every man in this meeting could stand the National Fund. Give War feet say, on his and "Yes, I do know STEPHEN L RICHARDS once for all these our and lives; comthat the this Lord that I do know

munity's needs. Give generously. is his work; I do know that the priest- {Continued from page 667)

The need is great. hood of the Lord Jesus Christ has been you know that they want to come back

given to us."to wholesome education, to good opWell, if we can speak that positively portunities for making a living, and to NATIONAL—and certainly if we speak positively mothers and fathers and brothers and

knowledge—wewe are speakingare obligated,according brethren,to our prizesisters moreand thandear anythingfriends whomelse in theythe WAR FUND to pay particular attention, I think, to world, and of whom they proudly boast

the method of teaching by example. as being the finest, the sweetest, and

the most exemplary of all people in the

Tt is so easy to be misunderstood that earth.

You Can't we must avoid the very appearance Now, my first appeal to you young of evil, because if we do not, what will men and women is not to disappoint

ALWAYS Plan somesome notof ourof uspeopledo? do?Well,Whatthey willwill theseto defendgallantyourfellowslibertieswhoand havethe thingsgone

charge us with delinquency, and while you prize most. They are counting on

principles course our the Lord's and bullet you, I think and an enemy would The FUTURE of of life are absolutely way independent soldier hurt brother not your than more

By the PAST! ofdoes,whattheI factdo, oris whatthat whatanyoneI doof youand informationsence his sistertellinghadhimforsakenthat inthehis highabwhat you do, by reason of our posiideals that he ascribes to noble womanJust because you haven't tions of leadership, has great influence hood, or that his brother had been a

had a fire is no reason upon our brethren and our sisters, upon cad and lacked the courage and manour fellow men. to standards maintain of truth and hood won't. why you Don't

I feel, therefore, that obliare folk, honor. we cannot, you Young you judge the future the by gated, like not, whether it or will not, to deny we guilty of treason such be past. ourselves that, some indulgences perfighting brothers. against your

Fire is a constant menhaps are not particularly sinful, but the Is it not treason to betray the cause example of which bad. these liberty would soldiers be turn support; to We ace and may visit you any must remember into licentiousness, who to of the we are; we must mock God day.

obligations. our remember have the land, the principles to violate high We

Insure your property tothese brethren and sisters, some of upon which the republic was founded?

day and be protected whom are weak. They are ours. We In the long run could any traitor do

against loss. are our brothers'keeper, and they are more damage than those who violate

looking to us for guidance. They are the sanctity of home, the purity of

Better get your policy looking to us as examples. I think we womanhood, and otherwise corrupt the

while you can. might remember continually that we are morals and honor of our national life?

obligated to teach by example, and You are to live in this country and with therefore we must deny ourselves of society longer than some of us, my

Utah Hdme Fire what many indulge in. young friends. It will be a great source

Insurance Co. thingsNow,thatamongwe needthe togreatestkeep inofmindtheseis ofcome,regretif youto you,do notformakeall yourit a goodlivesandto

Heber J. Grant & Co. this matter of the Golden Rule, this decent place to live in.

GENERAL AGENTS matter of the second great commandthe to wish not I do dwell on picture. the side of There Salt Lake City, Utah hearts,ment. Andnot onlyso therefor mustone anotherbe love whomin our "VTow,; gloomy

we contact daily, but love for all our is unfortunately much discouraging in716 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY MORNING fields of labor may be opened and a IIIIllllllSIBIlllllSlllIllllliBIBIIiaSDIIIIII more kindly reception offered our missionaries in many parts of the world.

formation and statistical data which Some influences which have heretofore might be presented, but I pass over made our entry into countries and itemsthese because Al r\iek hrawest fidence that when myI youngindulgefriendsthe conof beamongbrokenpeoplesdown.almostI feelimpossiblethat the mayopthe church come to realize the opporportunities of the future may tax our

tunities will of that lie ahead them they resources to missionary a much exin lema ndj to themselvesdevote preparamaking limit. prepared tended when May all be

tions for the future. It is of these opthe day comes.

portunities and this preparation that Iwish to speak briefly. HThe next item that I urge is education THOROUGH

* young young Every many man and true the to expound—education

of the church can look forwardwomen PREPARATION principles cause of the mighty we have to missionary experience. The church the honor to represent. This education

is essentially missionary church, a learning, school its comprehends gospel Brigham Youngchief objective being to proclaim and developunderstanding, and spiritual establish the of gospel Jesus contemplate Christ ment. and girls Boys who University

before, I said foreignamong men. opportuniAs neglect should no a mission

missionary work has been carried forties which their facilities afford to acoffers unsurpassed opporward largely by young people. At the quire good study habits and as much tunities for training in most

present time very few young missionknowledge of history, man, and the unifields, including:

aries are in the field and in the course of verse as they can possibly secure.

a few months almost none will be left. I wish to lay stress on the knowledge THE FINE ARTS

It is possible that a good many young of doctrine gospel which and principle THE SOCIAL SCIENCES for military exceptmen who would, It is possess. missionary should every

service, have been available for mistrue that with the adaptability of youth THE PHYSICAL SCIENCES sions, may never now have that opmany missionaries secure a good workCOMMERCE AND BUSINESS portunity. their return from Upon gospel the ing of the knowledge after they RELIGION AND PHILOSOPHY

family on take responwar fields. many will their mission reach Unfortunatesibilities and be unable to leave their ly, however, a good deal of time most EDUCATION AND TEACHER

homes for missionary service. In these valuable to the missionaries and those TRAINING

circumstances, we must look to the whom they serve is lost in so postpon-

I to faciligroup ing education. the gospel now whom With School""The Friendly

predraft of maintains, age the churchmen andspeak—young our ties some of which in all instruction this provides

to misprincipal before the could our misequipment beyoung be had women sionaries in the near future. I most sionary leaves home. If he would avail departments four quarters

earnestly hope that this group will prehimself fully of opportunities offered in each year.

quorums, service. this priesthood Sunday Schools, for thepare themselves In

Associations, and New classes will be or- I see chief Mutual Improvementpreparation three items which I shall mention. other activities, he could if he would, ganized for students enterFirst, young men and young women be prepared to present the distinctive ing Brigham Young Uniclearly restored gospel of the messages financialshould preparation. make versity for the Winter Quarhis before he reaches impressively and I are high wages. now receivingMany

ter. field practice, could have of labor. He better to nothing do with anyknow of

for the of gospel, too, exposition in the forexcess than to save a mismoney into the of Winter Quarter begins January 4, ranks be welcomed he would purposeful will savingsion. Such accomplish several things. It will deter those who carry the gospel to our 1944

excessive spending. It will reduce the neighbors within the stakes of Zion.

practice education would and Such Your friends are waiting for you!temptations which with excescome

for dollars of thousands expended It will thrift save establishsive spending.

the missionaries'during maintenance

It Ithabits. inflation. will will retard

this their mission. learning of period Brigham On Ydung

it earning, into willput purpose and

I should education. gospel of matter

blessingsultimately bring great to many University election, like question. the to a Will ask

reportspeople. the have which From told are of one each God's which we PROVO, UTAH I feel earnings, peoples'young oncome

is to not as children to or whether make in that sayingwarranted hunmany of Christ, will the gospel receive be iiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiimiQiiBiiimtiiiiiiiii of totally missions coulddreds or he be it unthe binding one upon makes whopartially consistent financed a pracby less principles gospel the the of have tice saving that for of purpose.

clearto presented adequately him been

In this respect, I should like to reinly and understandingly? I know of no

force counsel which has long been given way to secure a presentation that will their parents toto debts and put pay suffice except through preparation and JtinqdowLtheir in financial that houses such order testimony.

they can contribute to the proclamaof Discourses Writings and Thetion the of the gospel support and final a in the brings item me of HpHAT of the third president Taylor, John Imissionaries. well remember numbers * missionary's equipment—testimonyto church families in theof of days economic spiritual influence. missionBefore and

fistress in debt bondage whose and it is be attained experience ary may life as the as dramatic book difficulties Anancial this impossible made in difficult essentials these to establish worthy attainment for many a Latterthe minds and hearts of youth. I shall of the man who wrote it.

Saint home.day to friends take to get have my young

$2.25 It is readily of those opporconceivable that after the had word who have

thethe church have need war may to for tunity missionary procobserve the CO. THE BOOKCRAFT opportunities toand use misfar more spiritual ess, influence the the of that P. O. Box 63sionaries heretofore than mainit has is the conmissionary important most

tained in the field, although previous verting factor at his disposal. Now, Salt Lake City

numbers have been very great. New {Continued on page 719)

NOVEMBER, 1943 717 Union Pacific Railroad wishes to take this Ihe

opportunity to express to President Heber J.

Grant and the Mormon people its deep appreciation for their wholehearted cooperation in

assisting the railroad to perform its essential

role in hastening victory and attaining peace.

718 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:.!

GENERAL CONFERENCE with Paul that prophecy is a wonderful He looked to the eastward and saw gift, one that should be sought, for the the cities abandoned by the Saints. He

SUNDAY MORNING gift of prophecy is the gift of revelajotted down in his diary a statement tion and may be received for the persomething like this

STEPHEN L RICHARDS sonal guidance of each member of the Our homes, our orchards, our farms, our (Continued from page 717) church. I also think that the gift of disschools, our churches, our temple, and our

spiritual influence is the product of discernment is a gift everyone should seek, public buildings, we leave as a monument position and living. No one ever acso that we may not be deceived. If we to our patriotism, our toil, our devotion, our

quires it who does not want it and live have the spirit by which we can disindustry, our integrity, and our honesty of for it. It is in reality the spirit of God cern the hearts of men, and the docpurpose.

manifest through man. We often call trines of men, and interpret the inspiraAnd he might have added, "our faith."

it testimony because it is characterized tion of the Lord, then we will not be {Continued on page 720)

Assistants to the Twelve, left to right: Nicholas G.

Smith, Alma Sonne, Clifford E. Young, Thomas E. McKay,

Marion G. Romney.

by a deep and abiding conviction of the deceived. Again the Lord has said,

existence of God and the truth of his "And whoso treasureth up my word, gospel. It is the expression of perfect shall not be deceived."This does not TODAY WE ALL MEED..

faith and a sincere love for God's chilmean merely the reading of the word,.0

dren. If our young people could but but that we put it into practice.

know its worth, I am sure they would May the Lord bless us, I pray, in the strive for it. name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

To secure spiritual influence is not a joykilling operation. It is a mistake to

think that it robs youth of the zest and SONNE ALMA life. of It puts only onebeauty young

to the Council of the Twelvelimitation aspirations all the deAssistant on and sires nothing is to that youth, of do and delivered at the Address Sunday isthat well as Experience, as good. not

the morning 114th session of principle, that there taughtdivine us has semiannual general conferis in happiness enduring except goodno ence, 3, 1943, October lasttheness, seeks only and the church in the Tabernacle as people,ing of its happiness young 'S *k breakfast. a man's HERE hotTempting the old. aswell cakes, full brethren, golden fear of Mapleine and Syrup—America's I am

I friends everyto say young So my favorite it syrup. today with Make or without this as apprehension large I face youth. of the happy days sugar. Get Mapleine grocer, from yourwhere—enjoy now I leaders. of church

life beautifully, joyously, unMy audienceLive touched, been have deeply as have, you TO WAYS MAKE MAPLEINE SYRUP sin. of ugliness themarred Show by

stirring the messages to by have which livingthe good, world wholesome what

I in in to us song sermon. come and Suf&4, generations.will for the oncoming do O3 GRANDpour boiling 2 cups trying to been have the water messummarize for gratitude good yourDemonstrate over cups 4 sugar sages received, as which have and we families, great loving opporandhomes, 1 add teaspoon Mapleine so, the of done I have have words Jesus fortunities prepare days happy and stir... and you have

to force perwith mind come and my shall liberators the of oints armyahead when 2 Mapleine Syrup: sistence the victory broken andhave down won

forth barriers sothe go that you may shall live alone, not bread but by Man boil cups 1 Vi hot water will of peace and good armyas an that every the of proceedeth to by out word cups 3 corn syrup earth of the the countries andinvade of 4:4.) mouth (Matt. God. for minutes 5

the repure, totake everywhere men 1 teaspoon Mapleine Master's The never words grow Christ. of gospelstored the Lord Jesus old addstir and you have

trite. and freshthe with They come for that preserve pints keep 2 you Mapleine and.. SyrupGod ness of today, are and never outworn I mission, praygreat holy numbly and

in Jesus'name. Amen. and obsolete. They are always vital

and timely. I have seen men grow heat 1 cup hot water

cup Vi strained honey influential in and worldly FIELDING cups corn syrup 2V2 JOSEPH SMITH wealthythings at the extime and same grow full Bring to ( Concluded from page 666) ceedingly in spiritual things. poor I add 1 teaspoon boil.Mapleine

those benefit love offor the me who stir and you have not discount material and do achievements, all that and him commandments,keep 2 pints my Mapleine.., Syrup but the acquisition deplore of such all that do; to soseeketh be benefited may

that seek or that ask of me, that ask and not power and influence at a loss of the in life. goalfor sign that they a consume it upon higher may I ON MA PIE. lusts.their In 1846, Brigham 46:7-9.) (D. Young stood on I Ml T ATAPLEI & C.

In conclusion, I will say that I agree the fringe of the great western desert. 7%e "Sxfoa&etfr "'pbutd* fa TOmtiwe

NOVEMBER, 1943 719

I read an article recently, written GENERAL CONFERENCE ALMA SONNE appearing Sokolsky E. Geroge and by

(Continued page 719) from in Desetet News. The He

falters himself. unto is a law discusses man He first things Brigham With Young Bible progress. the as a guide to human

signposts everyare and fails. There first. things,came there were He knew Said he

even more important than lands and where, but men, in their eagerness to diffi- I of sure that our one major am their course, by. pass pursue them own likehomes and comforts, worldly things

I I the culties, "our,"say and mean when his children. has knows made God He thefreedom, right right to worship, the

is lost guidthat of have mankind, whole we their setheir safety for provision andto grow inspiradevelop the and under for ance, compass, without rapidly moving is curity. Christ's the gospel beacontion ideals. guidance Christian and of in lives a the guidance vacuum, without man

What better testimony could he give nothing has come before and he can find no light to guide humanity. It points the

of their integrity and their faith? Here road to the future. I turn to the wisdom of way of salvation. It has come to earth

was the workmanship of their own the ages, and find there a transcendant comin its fulness to lead the children of fort, destroy for those who, would to true back end and God. The are a menhands. fruits their the Here were of

builder is often and wearibut the in felicity of the lay enjoyment of manlabors, the results their strivings of and multitude,ly alone. his favor, saving power. and God'ssacrifice it struggle. All and they of

placed on the altar rather than comThe wisdom of the ages to which he Joseph Smith brought to light a great promise, and rather than forsake their refers is the holy Bible. History has revelation given to Abraham of old.

standards and the guiding principles proved that humanity needs guidance "We will prove them herewith,"said which sustained them. and enlightenment. Without guidance God to Abraham, "to see if they will

do all things whatsoever the Lord their

God shall command them, and they who keep their first estate shall be added upon, and they who keep their second estate shall have glory added upon their heads forever and forever."

Divine guidance for a wise and holy purpose is thus assured to Abraham and his children to the latest generation. 70 G&0WM02EM One of the most powerful sermons ever

delivered by man was preached by

Peter to the Jews on the day of Pentecost. It was persuasive and convincing

and touched deeply the hearts of the listeners. They were pricked in their

lilllp hearts and said unto Peter and to the iiPi rest of the apostles, "Men and brethren,.:..::...:.::,... despairwhat shalland weremorse,do?"anIt appealwas a forcry enof

lightenment. Said Peter:

... Repent and be baptized every one

of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost, For the promise is unto you, and to your children, and to all that are afar off, even as many as the Lord our God shall call. (Acts 2:3839.)

May we heed the counsel and the receive as which guidance members we in goal biggest our production food The fa I Christ's history of pray, in the church, name the has Administraannounced by been Food War of Amen. Jesus Christ. tion. squarely tremendous job put has been This

up to the American Farmer. It means more acreage

planted to crops, breaking greater land and new fertilization cultivation. of all the HAROLD B. LEE soil under And

job must be done faster, better and more efficiently. (Continued from page 675)

All land—old and new—must be "fed"and built "I took out my little bottle of conseup to make it as fertile as possible if next year's crated oil, and there before the gaze of

start crops healthy the are to get good, bumper for chance no all, because there was is finest natural they need. the of Manure one

his with oil, I anointed head fertilizers It's every known. produced at no privacy, day

cost. The only problem is to spread it quickly—by the authority of the holy priesthood.

daily, it possible—for the greatest soil and crop the manure rolling from barnyard to field where I blessed him that he might be made

benefits. it will do the most good. well. I took him into the hospital tent

for the care that he so much needed, repair Oliver's If Superior farmer of or one only parts old using famous needs your spreader new Any returned back to the other wounded and tell will service order, to it in his put Spreaders you chore running spreading means manure by all coincidence I found men. By a strange isn't possible If this the job. a big or job capacity longer you done. have These is no "hard"

spreaders—sturdy, light of draft, easily hitched to do not now own a machine, be sure to see an Oliver the next boy that I approached was

tractor or team—make it possible for farmers to Superior Spreader pest. In either case, see your likewise one of our own Latterday

handle and spread big loads every day and keep nearest Mountain States Implement Co. store today. Saint boys, and I asked him the same

question, "What would you like me to

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT COMPANY do?"et."Iandsaid,he replied,"I think"I'dI couldlike agetcigaryou

started to cigaret,"the as a and boy OGDEN, UTAH

I cigaret said the to him, "Son, smoke BRANCHES is else nothing are sure there you you Tremonton UTAH—Ogden,

IDAHO—Preston, Blackfoot, Shelley, Idaho Falls, Rexburg, Rupert, Twin Falls, Buhl would like me to do for you now?"

Tears filled the boy's eyes. He said,

TURN IN YOUR SCRAP TO YOUR LOCAL "VICTORY SCRAP BANK'"Yes, there is, doctor, but I'm afraid I am not entitled to ask for what's in 720 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY MORNING we can't give the ministrations of the priesthood. I pray God that he will

in save countries our boys those who

I heart. if my wonder the Lord would are guilty perhaps of no more wrong- a blessing have for me. adyou Would doing this in than our loved boys own

I minister to said, me?"leave "We'll country, suffering yet are the and pangs that for our Heavenly Father to judge. of a terrible war.

I a blessing, want If you shall his be in servant asking the to give Lord you girl at a the young over Lion T met that blessing."A I last House where been summer had I ask you, brethren, condiwhat my to speaking a of group a hundred and

tion are in? our boys part have What fifty girls or hundred had two who

in played you preparing to parthem Salt of to outside from City come Lake take deeply of the streams eternal of city for here. After meetthe the work

life? great is missionary going work A ing, this girl to me, young up came

forward under the guidance of the with a sparkle in her eyes, and showed church today forty these among thousoldier a picture of a handsome boy me sand boys out Mormon servin armed his in Australia. behind down From

ice. this In missionary work, under the picture she a out took and unfolded

authority of the priesthood, they have paper that proved to be his baptismal Our employees are raising into been organized M.I.A. groups and filled certificate. said, as with she over She $175,000 Bonds, in War have been prepared to of these partake left "I six that emotion, months boy to normal payroll deductions, things our which has for Lord them. again, thought, to see never him ago—I overseas. a Bomber Mean- I desk have a picture of On my a I I that told could not because him be send

group over in New Guinea who are married, except it was in the temple of while, we continue our wartime holding a sacrament service. Their eternity. for time our and God, He of job moving from manpower

rifles are their across knees, which church, the of but not a was member it it is needed. where is to where the evidences fact that alert they are on think, after he to he he left began and

and expecting attack any moment. I began to study. Six months have gone

read in a letter how down on the Midpast, and on my birthday he sent me way Island our boys likewise gathered this and says in his. letter, 'I am now

around to hold sacrament services. Said preparing myself, so that when I re-

"... the this letter, writing boy because I to turn sealed you, can be my sweet-"felt if the churchwe that could come living heart, in the the of God.'house

close to feel better would our and us we girl drunk a had There was who union pacific stagesminds relieved."would be when And spiritual fountain the deeply of from

the I read story of the with who, boy living will hers waters, of a well and be BUY ANOTHER WAR BOND * five flew companions in plane, over a everlasting springing water, unto up theirby permission of ofcommanding And so we might go on.

ficers in Sicily, to administer of life. to one

their sick comrades who had been seLatter-day Saints, you bearers of the in Israel, priesthood, leaders and may Iverely wounded, read when of a boy that that guard the streams we see to it getting of our the names boys had who homes, youth, that guard our killed in this lastbeen campaign down are kept Being Sorry everwatchful unpolluted, of because in Italy, the securing places they where in this tryexercise that care we shallwere buried to be buried been or had of Isn't. Enough! ing not unmindful day. we be May mightthat he dedicate go there and

their graves; when I read of the stories the counsel of our Father in these faof their holding Sunday services out in therly words: E'RE NOT content with

the olive that of their groves place,.. yourselves. provide bags which wax merely being sorry when

air, Isongs the rending Sabbath old, the in renot heavens a treasure are unable to give that we you faileth that the thief not, approacheth,member words from have where come no our Father: neither moth corrupteth. For where your the accommodations you

is, also. there treasure will heart your be would want. We RATHER that thou mayest keep And more fully loins about, your be girded Let your and

yourthyself unspotted from thou shalt the world, needs—that's lights like burning; unto satisly ye yourselves And

go to the house of prayer and offer up thy men that wait for their Lord, when he will why we urge you to make sacraments holy day. upon (D. my & C. return the that he from wedding; when reservations well in advance59:9) cometh they and knocketh, unto open may

of your visit to the Temple immediately. 12:3336.) him (Luke I can't think the of being work done Square. Thank you

these boys, thereamong for and the results And then, again in our day: your cooperation!from, without that if there remembering

be thirtytwo thousand Latterday Wherefore, fear not even unto death; for

Saints in the wartorn countries of Euin this world your joy is not full, but in rope as has been stated in this conferme your joy is full. Therefore, care not for

ence, approximately fifty percent of the body, neither for the life of the body;

life the for care for the soul of and the Hotel livethese in the nations we now call butsoul. the the face seek of always, Lord Andthe Axis percentpowers. If the same in that patience souls, possess ye your may

calledage of boys been from have and ye shall have eternal life. (D. & C. 101

there Saints the as beenamong have Temple Spare 3638.)

called here, there are probably no fewer than seven or eight hundred of our God bless us to seek always the face Salt Lake City

Latterday Saint boys who hold the of our Heavenly Father. May we withpriesthood bearing the arms in those out fear, even unto death, protect the

nations we call our enemies. Oh, I fountains of truth, and if it need be in

pray that the channel of communication this day that our lives be given for the will be opened to those boys whom we protection of that truth, may we do so can't reach with M.I.A. organizations, willingly and with the seal of approval

to whom we can't send books, to whom (Continued on page 722)

NOVEMBER, 1943 HAROLD B. LEE GENERAL CONFERENCE

(Continued from page 721) reflect just as strong a which us, I Father of our Heavenly pray great, upon LET YOUR It is past. of the faith, as any evidences humbly, of Jesus the Lord in the name

Christ. Amen. true that the conditions of a generation HEART ago were different from what they are

now. There was not the wealth, the

material wealth, but there was a great DECIDE of not kind faith. There the same were

of althe CLIFFORD E. temptations kind same and

lurements that are had today, but there YOUNG were hardships, there was necessity,

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve and there was poverty. There was persecution, and sometimes men and womAddress delivered at the Sunday en had to give their lives for the testiafternoon session of the 114th monies that they bore, and all of these

semiannual general conferwe appreciate and value, and we thank ence, October 3, 1943, the Lord for them.

in the Tabernacle So I repeat, there are evidences today that are just as great. May I, just for a

rejoice with you in the attendance moment, recall some of the things that of this conference. I cannot recall, have tremendously impressed me?

least, in recollection, at where I my I privilege the had ago weeks Two of a the conference held there been has in the attending conference of Farmuni- there has such been church a when Stake. in the ington Young Ward We trouble. for Neglected. Headed spirit cooperation of form and good in the of dedication a participated

at save will. It them. help You can that And there not has to seems me

little that lovely chapel meetinghouse, a fighting kind, there jar not the of help time has our any been a same ago, the six years begun when was that compatible anything not valiant been one Allies—with was and men of fewer a only membership had ward

spirit Father. of the our with Heavenly gift to and, your fund community souls, the famhundred than when one

I this will sure go from it, away relief we am 17 the to through war ilies in the debt, largely there and were in built faith our conference and up the of agencies National War conditions not good. economic were strengthened renewed. and generously...now. Give Fund. chapel that dediweeks ago was Two last It night, said Brother here by was

Joseph F. Smith, the patriarch, that we cated, having cost $40,000. There are

have had evidence of the divinity of now three hundred and fifty members NATIONAL this work in the testimonies that have in the ward, and the little chapel stands been borne and the things that have there as a monument to the thrift and the industry and, above all, to the faith is true. said. That WAR FUND been of those people.

things, are other however, that There it In that stake same good was my divinity of this SOMETHING witness WHENEVER of the bear * + little fortune of group a to with meet pioneer SPECIAL from work. come IS CALLED who FOR GIVE We

live the brethren of Lamanite some who are appreciative parents been and have of the faith of those who made possible down there and who are being directed the settlement of these valleys. As was by President Ralph Evans—one couple

suggested here yesterday, we point in particular, a Brother and Sister Palwith pride to some of the monuments aca, faithful, and true, and devoted.

that have been erected: the Nauvoo Sister Palaca goes out with a little presTemple, the Kirtland Temple, the sure cooker that has been provided for

great temple on this block, this buildher, and among the Lamanite women

DELICIOUS ing,and allhardship,of theseandthe yetproductsthe productsof povertyof tablesshe teachesand theirthemfruit,how andto canhowtheirto vegemake

way. the of the to Lord. and work and GDLD these think about As As I saw this, and as I felt the spirit things, we we PIM a great faith and devotion to the church quilts, according to the Relief Society

it, and as I caught the spirit that was CHOCOLATES are inclined to hold them perhaps a of little above other evidences that we may back of the erection of this little chapel, have had. We sometimes like to live in I could not help feeling here again is an

the past; we like to think of the past, evidence of the things that have been

and in so doing, we magnify the past, so potent in this work since the beginsometimes to the disadvantage of the ning.

present. Then again I thought of the various

It is not my purpose, nor I would activities that are going forward not, for the world, say anything that throughout the church, inspired as they would in any way detract from the are by the desire to carry out the great magnificent work of those who have Welfare program of the church.

gone before. There is no one, I am I had the privilege of visiting and insure, that has any deeper appreciation specting the plant at Cedar City, a credit

of through a faith that has come down the church, to standing out as an emaIf It's Glade's—It's Good"

a pioneer I, but I than parentage have It is sacrifice a of and devotion. blem

have been made conscious, my brethlovely building. The bricks in it were

ren, magnificent of the work that is beof the the adult members made by TIME AGAIN in our day. ing done are a priesthood, and they Aaronic the gift to think of that gives itself

twelve times a year. credit to any building. It is not so

it is cost, been I regard Tt has the building but what my much privilege—and A THE ERA IMPROVEMENT it it; is through travel as of in a rare went what back and as I privilege—to $2.00

President that building the Palmer of and with stakes some I have of Zion, and 50 North City St., Salt Lake Main

seen evidences which to me are just as his associates, I thought: "Here again

722 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUNDAY AFTERNOON everywhere in the stakes of Zion, these monuments builded by our forebears, "L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!"

is reflected the spirit and devotion that thesethat giveare ustheencouragement,things that stimulatethat buildus, have realize that been a part of the church from the us us up, and make God beginning."

this to Father of work, our is back his the to sanctify of the cause good

I listened to Brother here Kimball A S efforts in sacrifice that forth are put and** I Friday, thought the achieveof in in in devotion, that see evidence we in the ments region, Arizona down when all the stakes of church. the and wards

little years a few ago the wards of Verthat help us may appreGod we May din Duncan, and Stake, Mt. Graham I ciate things, these pray, humbly

were virtually wiped out by flood. name of Jesus Christ. Amen. in the

Promptly the brethren of the Arizona region, the stake presidents, were called together, and through a magificent coeffort operative they did that which our R.

our grandfathers fathers and to do, ANTOINE used that we hold up today as a sacred heritage. IVINS

These examples, my brethren, are but Of the First Council of the Seventy a few of hundreds of such that are going on all over the church. There is eviAddress delivered at the Sunday

dence everywhere of that faith and deafternoon session of the 114th votion, and it is not only in the spoken semiannual general conferword, but it is evidenced in the doing, ence, October 3, 1943, and I thank the Lord that the church in the Tabernacle today has in it that same wholesome attitude of faith and devotion, and condear brethren, if I say anything secration. to you that will be worth while

As our children look back, they will this afternoon, I shall need yoursee in the achievements of today in the Myfaith and prayers, so please extend them The better the training, the betstakes and wards of Zion the same in my behalf. ter the opportunity—now, while

thing that you and I see in the achieveMost of the month of September I war is on, and tomorrow, when ments of a generation ago. And visiting after spent Central the North States reconstruction begins.

all, are they that not the things really Mission, with President in company give power and strength to this great Richards, his wife, and my wife. I If you are not working, attend

latterday work? bring to you, who are the fathers of our regular day school. It will

sometimes blessings our measure We missionaries, their greetings, those help and you prepare for excellent em- a temporal standard.by frequentWe the all that report are they well and ployment. If are you working, it ly said hear that are in blessed we happy, doing excellent an and work. evening classes will help qualyouthese greatly days more than ever be- I into find, that to mission I went as ify for more secure employment fore, measuring blessings our the by place from to went that place I was

... higher... pay promotion. thingstemporal that we to asked people meet are of have—wages not who

up,are crops are bringing prices, high in our faith, equal, to almost, numbers students New may enter now. there is plenty of seemingly, money, those of the resiconverted members for Write information. I sure not that am I in dent theandeverywhere—but branches. faced with was

those are blessings the to want we emthe of explaining to problem them why

Iphasize. in not sure but these am what there, are and working we are why we

blessings there may be great danger. If in the world as we are.we, however, can preserve the spirit of I wonder if it would be well for us L.D. S.

sacrifice and the spirit of devotion that to think occasionally about ourselveshave characterized our people, then we in that light, what we want to tell the BUSINESS need have no fear, because those are the world. Many of you who are here toattributes that endure. day are missionaries in the stakes of

Zion, and you are faced with that probSalt Lake City tremendously impressed withT was likewise. a lem UtahA statement that was Eddie made by I faced those audiences, I felt As

Rickenbacker, in making a report in impressed to bear testimony to the rereturn. InWashington on his describstoration in this of the gospel day and SERVICE MEN'Sing his harrowing his experience with that Christ told age. I remembered

associates Pacific, in the explained he that Peter his he found church would CHANGE OF ADDRESS as theyhow, conscious the of became the is testimony upon that the he Son For action, prompt use the form below. Mail

tofact that The they to Improvement have Era,"would a I make St., 50 North of also Main God. that remembered when

Salt City. Lake landing thatcrash fatal, in might prove the Prophet alive that Smith Joseph was

it complete! Maketheir they could ship the hope guide so the to world a appeared have very hazy

that time would be given for them to idea as to the personality of God. They OLD ADDRESS

get into the lifeboats, and how, he said, were shocked and surprised when that Name and APO No they threw everything. overboard They lad told into them that he gone had the Address valuables,had registered mail, many to for that woods wisdom, ask God and

great this value as as farmuch of both the Father Christ and God his NEW ADDRESSworld's yet, are goods concerned, and in vision, had to him, appeared Son and he said, "We threw over everything, that he saw them as glorified Beings. Name and APO No

gentlemen,because, then we learned to world shocked The was think that Address thereand no value."that things have all, after God, might personality have a

So, my brethren, "things"have little of that kind; and generally speaking, I Home ward and stake

value to you and me; because these herbelieve, that idea is not to this day ac- P.S. Soldiers who go overseas who are receiving subscriptions from at someone shoulditages, home these evidences of devotion, certain cepted, for they a rely upon request make letter the "Era,"It by home. thatthese evidences of faith we see (Continued follow on then 724) can for them page wherever they go.

NOVEMBER, 1943 723 ANTOINE R. IVINS asaysdefinitethat Godform.createdThe scriptureman in hiswhichown GENERAL CONFERENCE

{Continued page 723) from is scripture, real true image, a and tell that the world they have we and When inscripture the Testament which the Smith was Prophet Joseph when New astray, nothing gone than more do wesays, of spirit,"blessing, is a and he that given wonderful saw "God God Christ the of to quote our Lord words that the "Allthey say: his world form. true knows God in

is there Smith, the Prophet and Joseph isspirit immaterial."

part egotism our no on when own we Father, the worship fact "\TS7hile I called the attention to their God we it. responsibility the accept say of Wethat the Christ teaches and the Prophet '"his Son Jesus Holy Smith Joseph in that humility announcement and

that there is no such thing as immateGhost, we have a different idea as to faith.

thatriality in their spirit being the personality that world, from and even and is is if large possesses. matter, the substance; world at which and and God It whoI foundare blessedthat therewith thatare interpretationmany people truth, is spirit, if spirit that restoration of of matter, among and was thea God

those even are not God, among whothen God is material, and thus can have others, that was essential at that time. of

faith. are of our pleased with the They

thought that God can be real, that there is no confusion in that scripture, after all, but that he is a definite personality.

I taught them our method of faith in that type of God.

I believe as our many friends who have come amongst us here inquire as to why Mormonism, that that, perhaps,: that God NEARLY YEARS shall be our first explanation 2 is real, and truly a being, and that he

has restored the gospel.

Then I taught them that the priesthood of God was restored through the instrumentality of heavenly beings, and! HAVE BEEN ADDED that we are the custodians of that priesthood, as we were told by Brother Richards in his address here at this conference. I taught them faith and repentance and baptism. TO THE AGE OF YOUR CAR The law of repentance is a law that

is ever active among us. I read that

there is nothing so apparent to man as his own imperfection, that life is a struggle to reduce that imperfection.

his-...since January 1942, when the Noidealsmanandcanbe compareproud orhimselfhaughty.withThe

sale of new cars was suspended proud and the haughty are only they who compare themselves with more unfortunate isthey. people than There by government order place in the heart of no pride man for

or arrogance, and there is room, every day that we live, for repentance on* the part of man.

And there doesn't seem to be much likelihood that new cars Repentance is the recognition of improper ways of living, the resolution towill be available for another year or two, at least. depart from them, and the final putting!

in the place of those bad ways of life

Your present car has got to last for the duration. This means the correct and superior method of doing things. And if there is ever a day

durin the lives of any one of us when that it will have to have better care all the time—particularly

ing cold weather, for winter is always the toughest season for typeI willofberepentancesurprised. does not have place,.

automobiles. When God told certain of his servants, through the Prophet Joseph Smith,

Now is the time to have your car prepared and protected for thattheir theownthingspiritualthey welfarecould bestwas doto cryfor the strenuous months ahead. Don't repentance to this generation, he knew

delay. Drive in before the lastexactly what he said, and repentance is

the thing that we most need, all of us, minute rush begins. every day of our lives.

Along with the law of repentance f"comes a law of forgiveness. We are

told that sins shall though asour be Keep Your Car in if scarlet, honestly sinwe repent, and cerely, and do them no more, we shall

Fighting Trim be washed as white as wool.

Now, repentance brings that forgiveness. There are too> many of us,

Utah Oil Refining Company Stations and Dealers in Its Products however, who, when we say that we forgive, forget that forgiveness means,

Buy More and More War Bonds—Your Best Investment the washing away of our remembrance

of those things. Forgiveness availethi

a man nothing, so long as we who pre724 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,

SUNDAY AFTERNOON It is essential, because Christ has said the power within this church to mainso. tain that testimony in vigor and

all will strength; that us keep and God is interesting symbolism antend to forgive The hold before eyes our

it, I in firm in the pray, of Jesus name It us. study, to is only and consider means much him, record. his pastwhen we Christ, Redeemer. our Lord and Amen. so, necessary said Christ because are has to going forgive person, a If we

being convinced of his sincere and honand God established it from the beginest repentance, offer reinstatement and ning as a principle of redemption for JOHN A. WIDTSOE

forgiveness, we must forget. We must mankind. (Continued from page 669)

accept him as of today, with a clean These and many other things we had Ten must also understand the plan heart and an honest motive, and we the pleasure of testifying to these good *** of salvation, the meaning of life, must give him his opportunity. people, and we hope that we did them to find peace in their own hearts, and

I believe that it is in that spirit that good. We know full well that we ourto help establish peace on earth. I

God accepts of us through repentance, selves were benefited and blessed, and remember the hostile British officer who and that he will actually forget our of- I feel that these are cardinal things that attempted to prevent my entrance into fenses against him if our repentance is we should contemplate every day of Great Britain because I was a "Morsincere, and our future conduct honorour lives. If we are sincere in our testimon."In the ensuing conversation he

able and upright, such as to justify his mony, such contemplation will benefit said finally: "If I admit you, what will

confidence. Wherever you go, you find and bless us, and make us better. you do in Great Britain?"

the past record of following people this strength the of and power The I shall, I "If admit me, answered: you place to from after placethem have we is its in of the church testimony memability the teach of peoto the best my

Iforgiven them. ask your would I inbers, for said, this Christ rock "Upon happito Britain ple win of Great howdulgence to give honest them an testiwill build the life my life hereafter. the this in ness and church"—upon

is"break."repentance That what is that In the of he Son mony God. tell they came, I shall them whence why to me.means every generation every place where and this earth, and here are they upon

And then we have to teach those the church has been established, it has where they are going after death."

people in the world the necessity for been introduced by that testimony, and The uniformed man, a longtime serbaptism, and our method of baptism, so long as that testimony was retained vant of the empire, looked at me in which is not unique with us at all, bein the hearts of the members and folastonishment. "Can you answer these

cause it was one established by Christ, lowers of Christ, strength and power questions? All my life I have sought

and it has persisted in certain quarters and vigor characterized the organizaanswers to them. No one has been

of the world. But baptism by immersion tion. able to answer me. Please teach me."

for the forgiveness of sin, the remission If there ever comes a time that the He was not at peace; he was uneasy

of sin, is a cardinal principle with us. members of this church shall fail in that in his heart.

The why and the wherefore, we leave testimony, the church will go down to I remember the aged widow in southwith God, for Christ has said it is necesdestruction. Fortunately, Christ has told ern Utah, a convert from England, who

sary. "Whomsoever ye baptize shall us that he will never take it from the had left a cultured home to begin the

be saved,"and whoever is not baptized earth so long as we are faithful, and my pioneer toil of building an empire here and rejects the teaching will be damned. faith leads me to believe that there is (Continued on page 726)

Congratulations to JAilacl...

All Utah, all the intermountain region, may well be proud of the record made by The Improvement Era in attaining its 46th year of continuous service to its readers. In that

period many publications have come and gone. The

Era, however, has not only flourished through nearly half a century but has become one of the outstanding periodicals in America.

To the editors, writers and readers of The Improvement

Era this 84year-old institution extends sincere congratulations, with best wishes for even greater success and accomplishment through many years to come.

WALKER BANK & TRUST COMPANY Established in 1859 Resources More Than Fifty Million Dollars

NOVEMBER, 1943 725 I have read with GENERAL CONFERENCE JOHN A. W1DTSOE Covenants, which many a sober thought:

(Continued from page 725).,. every man that will not take his may be weak. Sometimes it needs to

in the western desert. She told of her sword against his neighbor must needs flee be strengthened. That is our problem,

struggles and sacrifices, of the pains of unto Zion for safety. especially the task of leadership, to

it shall there she years. gathered had outher be unto and days And When the strengthen leaven people our among

it of shall nation every heaven; under and tears to story, bring to thetold one that the of so of gospel peace, peace,

shall that the at only be people not be war I "Sister, her, said to has yours eyes,my of presence, our out out of our very another. (D. with 45:68, one 69.) C. & life; sacrificed have hard youbeen a faith, radiates hearts something and

if a you, ask you were Letmuch. me all will that hearts the are touch of who shall flee for safety."to "They Ziongirl in could look again and England truth, of lovers after seekers are who I believe not geo- a That does mean years, the coming would do youdown if us, to peace. gather people such As graphically place, limited but place ait gospel the accept again? you Would will duty, blessed they our be do we dwell, in heart for the pure they where life here face that the have youand that seek, find with they which and and are consistZion, of that out and Zionlived?"establish the kingearth help us upon in shall ing forth of the heart pure go eighties, in lady, old got her up The is the of peace, of kingdom which dom will that the force bring and power chair, in eye: the her lookedfrom me heaven. this earth. to peace pass upon unhappy it I again? ask me, For do would"You I into this looking moment At am

I are; are I Zion; say knowthat the we we me, given gospel has which We the of the leadership the of faces

the are under tremendous ten we again it over thousandwould do are. We in of Christ. had Church We have live, to so to commission sotimes."peace. found She had Her establish this feast of conference a wonderful

heart was at ease. peace in our own hearts as to make our good things. Seldom have I felt so

There is no time to discuss further companionship, wherever we are, a sospiritually fed. Shall we go back now

the method by which individual peace ciety to which the suffering, the unto our homes and to our labors and may be won, but it may be added that easy, those without peace, in all the take all the truths that we have rethe seeker after peace must forget himworld, may flee for safety. Truly a ceived, and convert them into a mesself in the search. The art of placing tremendous obligation rests upon the sage of peace wherever we go. Let us

the cause above oneself is of first imLatter-day Saints. do so. Remember that

last this night of patriarch spoke if Our shall inportance our peace grow for they peacemakers: are the Blessed being a leaven. peoplehearts. know place ourselves Whenever we We (Matt. the children of God. be called

true. leaven that to are as be are, a the in the cause,before words we as We to shall5:9.)

of President John Taylor, in the hands all the world. That is why the "miof evil. Then peace disappears. nority"of which he spoke does not My message to you, and my plea

count. Future, lasting peace is not a with you is that each one of us, in be-

r et me say one thing more. There is question of majority or minority, but half of himself, his flock, the world, will

* a statement in the Doctrine and of the power of the leaven. The leaven constitute himself a peacemaker, be726 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SUNDAY AFTERNOONginning with his own heart, to cleanse ************ it, to make it fit for the abode of peace.

May God so help us and bless us, I pray, in the name of the Lord JesusChrist Amen. SOMETHING TO BE

NICHOLAS G. THANKFUL FOR

SMITH castsThougha shadowwar reachesacross eachinto door,everyAmericanscorner of stillthe haveearthmuchand

Assistant to the Council of the Twelve toto makebe thankfulus realizefor. more"Bloodkeenlyand sweatthe blessingsand tears"thatserveare onlyours

Address delivered at the Sunday... the sacred rights our men are fighting to save.

It's to unstintingly giving time appreciation a... show by 114th the session afternoon of

.. of freely efforts to sacrificing of the Victory our cause. by general semiannual conferto the help ships planes. supply and guns needed and

3, ence, 1943, October It's to of too, regularly, part save our important income in the Tabernacle... to inflation to curb unforeseen meet needs when and now

Brethren, I need your help. For the the war is won.

first time in thirteen years we have had our whole family together for the been have past and they two days, FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH wifegreatly about me. concerned My National Association

said: 'Daddy, I hope you are thinking."Branches at Bingham, Brigham City, Logan, Magna, Ogden, Park

five offices at Utah located war posts, think, Richmond—and he hasBut can a when man how

Hill Field, Arsenal, Supply Depot, Forces City,Army Provo,Service Navy atOgden exwaiting for been I havebeen what Field, at U. S. Depot, Utah. Air Base Wendover Army and

pecting for three days?

This church, to me, means everything.

all life. It is happiness, All my my very FIRST NATIONALof Salt Lake City BANK it. desires, up in been wrapped havemy

I have known the brethren; I love them, Branches at Sugar HouseCity andU. S.Tooele,Army AirandBase.an office at the Salt Lake

and I appreciate the opportunity of being permitted to work with them and associate with them. I realize that our FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

actions sometimes are misunderstood Salt Lake City the things we do and the things we say.

As leaders of this church we should bevery, very careful. FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO

Association National of the spent most days ago we A few

Gooding, Emmett, all of in the temple. Nearlyday the BranchesJerome, Montpelier,at Boise, Blackfoot,Mountain Home, Nampa, Hailey,Pocatello,IdahoPayette,Falls,

general authorities were there. As we Preston, Rexburg, St. Anthony, Shoshone.

walked in a body back up South Tembuilding, office Streetple to the church offices, several repaired to ourand in FIRST SECURITY BANK one of the offices a telephone rang and Bock Springs, Wyoming a woman's voice, using the name of the Members of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

Lord in vain, informed the one who was answering that she had seen these men going up the street, that she had never committed a sin in her life, but that wewere something that is unspeakable ** * * * * * * * * over this microphone.

I thought of what we had been trying to do in the temple, to prepare ourselves that we might be better servants, that we might be better able to help that woman and all other souls who will but give ear to the teachings of the gospel of Jesus Christ.

experiences in upon that crowd The A M ERICA'S Fl NEST OVERALL lives us are the thingsour that make big or small. We learn through these SINCE 1850

experiences. Methinks the greatest thrill

that ever came to me was some years

I attend a to permittedago when was LEVI there's a reasonof the ofmeeting Chamber Commerce in the city of Reno, Nevada, made up No others Wear like LEVFSI completely, of course, of nonMormons.

President Heber J. Grant was to be the

into that speaker, as he walked and PAIR FREE NEW LEVI STRAUSS A there chamber, stood upon every man

IF RIP THEY in his his heart respect with feet and stood quietly until the president had taken his place. scratch CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS ON BACK POCKETS

I had never seen that before, in our (Continued on page 729) NOVEMBER, 1943 727 The Faith of our Fathers... is needed in these turbulent days... the Faith that

inspired Utah's courageous pioneers to persevere until they made the desert blossom as the rose...the Faith

that has sustained President Heber J. Grant through his

many years of brilliant achievements and successes.

On this... the 87th anniversary of his birth, Rio Grande

extends cordial greetings to President Grant.

More than seven decades ago Rio Grande laid pioneering rails thru the. Rockies. Together Utah and Rio Grande

have progressed thru the years. Now they work

together for Victory as Rio Grande speeds Utah's stalwart sons to fighting fronts... transports war materiel from Utah's great production plants... rushes

Utah's wealth of resources to farflung points. The

Faith that built Our West will keep Our America.

728 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GENERAL CONFERENCE are now scattered all over the world.

Recently one came in to see me. He

SUNDAY AFTERNOON had been stationed at Tampa, Florida. Upon his arrival there the chaplain beTwo Thoughtful

NICHOLAS G. SMITH came very much interested in him, because of his ability, and he said to him,

(Continued from page 727) "I wonder if you would be willing to be Companionable organizations or congregations, and it my assistant here?"

thrilled me to the fingertips. Elder Lorin Folland said: "I will be Friday, Saturday, and today, as the very happy to do that, but you know, I Books

leaders of the church stood as Presiam a Mormon."To Have at Home and to Send

dent Grant entered this building, it The chaplain said: "A Mormon! My Away

thrilled me to know that we, too, now gracious, you mustn't say anything are beginning to appreciate this man about that to anybody else. Keep that THIS DAY... AND ALWAYS

who has been the servant of us all. God a secret. But you do what I tell you to By Richard L. Evans

bless him, that he may be strong and do."

healthy and live yet many years to be Elder Folland began to do what he UNTO THE HILLS our leader. told him to do. The chaplain became a By Richard L. Evans

little inquisitive and asked him about $1.50 each long so very ago"Tot a young man sent himself. is a lad that I had up He* calls difto duty whose him go to one in Alaska, spent to labor and he of the weekly compilations These are

erent parts of the United States, had winter there in the branches of that Tabernacle broadcast sermonettes, puboccasion, after visiting up near the great country, teaching the gospel to lished by Harper & Brothers, New York.

out in return border, to friend, one, orCanadian loved any to WashAny testithe Alaska. a of had people He

of these will find in of each the Church,ington, D.C., but storm a came up and inchaplain so the Finally mony. was comforting and cherished books and a his reto associatesforced him and terested the story that got whole he thoughtfulof reminder your stimulating It in Pennsylvania.main somewhere it bulletin, in the published and army all to for the come. days ness a near camp. C.C.C. C.C.C.was The telling this missionary of who Mormon

boys were just ready to have their evewas his assistant.

ning meal. cold, coffee and day The was

this missionary days ago few A fclswsivL Boofau all served, to course, of those ofwas "MUST"office, said, into and "You walked my tables. the seated were This aroundwho president, chaplain that was know,

it that thought as inasmuchyoung man

I assisted or three away, and moved cold, cold, the cofhe was andwas fill in desired, those and (Check name in charge four that chaplains the were offee a never been had was mail) tear out, address, and andhot—he I letter the there. received a down coffee, ofdrinker never he even had

first chaplain, and other from day my $2.50 Saint The Gay it it in his smelled norseen home own

I letter, in place said the 'The where he Bailey Paul By bit thought he ahe up would warm is a assigned to under work am now it. coffee, of cup sowith he a drank and....$2.25 Standards Gospel is officer a Mormon,'commanding who

Sitting at the side of him was a young and he said, 'I feel strength in knowing By Heber J. Grant

lad, into conversathey gotC.C.C. and for I witness that of a a $1.25 God, the In have Net Gospel man "tion, the to and where wanted boy know leader.'as God, my A. Widtsoe John By

said from.he he from was was He

is, I but that not do who man know and said,Utah. "Are a boy The you Mor- Q Evidences I will trust so that Father our Heavenly $1.85 Reconciliations said, "Yes,"youngmon?"The man that will desire his soul he upon move A. Widtsoe said, the not are Johnand By a very boy "You to live to the gospel be example an and one, are you?"good $1.50 This Always and Day laboring the under are men many who paid thousands This had young man L. Richard Evans By that especially chaplain him, to and who felt tithing, in dollarsof that and he was

in people us confidence as has a such Hills $1.50 the Unto in the believeda good Mormon. He missionary. of because my L. Richard Evans By it. lived of he and But Wisdom,Word

here was an occasion where he thought One of my lady missionaries felt imSigns of the Times $1.25

he would not be known, and he might pelled to join the Waves. She, too, was By Joseph Fielding Smith

assistant to selected to be the this beverage, withperhaps up warm the chapWay to Perfection $1.25 could Methodist sing the not She sitting thatonly to find next out to him lain.

was a boy who had worked in a C.C.C. and Presbyterian songs very well, so By Joseph Fielding Smith

camp down around St. George, and she got a book of the songs of Zion, For This My Glory $2.50

knew the standards of the Mormon and began to teach them to this great By Paul Bailey girls, three hundred of over grouppeople. the Brannan and of Sam said to me, know, them. She "You this that said the This young was man California $1.75 Mormons as sing well songs our can as we life. effective his of lessonmost He they Bailey By Paul can. tt that again never he break wouldvowedthe Word of Wisdom. Recently the newspapers in Chicago Q The Gospel Kingdom $2.25

Brethren, none of us who holds the sent the reporters over to see this group priesthood and the right of leadership of three hundred Waves with the purin this church can get so far away but pose of interviewing the three outstandthat there will be someone who will ing Waves, and they selected this Morknow what we are doing. We cannot mon missionary as one of the three

hide our sins. outstanding. In her letter she said,

I have heard many complaints about "President, they didn't care anything leaders who do these very things of about me, but they were interested in which I have been speaking—not occamy ideals. They wondered why I didn't

sionally, but very often. What a mark smoke, and why I didn't drink."Just

they leave upon the minds of those who one in three hundred—the only Morsee and observe! mon girl there—but she can be depended upon.

grateful privilege that for the has I AM from CaliOne young man wrote meA I a missionary. been mine to be am fornia: right "President, back I am

receiving letters from missionaries who [Continued on page 730)

NOVEMBER, 1943

NICHOLAS G. SMITH GENERAL CONFERENCE

(Continued from page 729) for. him said, he worked whom "Oh, He

I started, in where Luis Obispo, San I couldn't for anyone. work a I have

I learned to where a missionary, be and little I farm, the and pay to Mexicans trying to learn I am to a now be how I the work. do forto twenty from pay

is soldier."said, "It interesting. He cents ty day, a the and they do work."

I night, just Last as retire, to ready was

I thought, all "Yes, the apples are the of some gathered boys around and

Among the many features of the Sunday hanging of north the Grande, Rio and to questions. began ask wanted They

Salt Lake Tribune which accomplish a to know why I didn't smoke, why I all those people down there wanting a didn't drink, why double purpose is the Short Story Contest.

with them."He said,I didn't"I gobeganout girlingto exfew,Canbutwehowbe canhappy,they canget them?"we be satisThis continuing contest provides reading plain, and finally over thirty of the felfied, if just the other side of the river

enjoyment and, at the same time, sound lows gathered around me and for hours men work for twenty cents a day, and

I was preaching the gospel of Jesus here our boys earn seventyfive cents an encouragement to those ambitious in the Christ to them."hour. Can peace come that way, or

field of fiction—another department you will Well, his best sermons will be his life, have we got to do something to help the

of course. other folks to get a few of the plums? The words won't say we

enjoy in your Sunday Salt Lake Tribune. count for very the much, but we way

to sunny road is easy, happiness live for counts so are The much. You men

Friend of mine; are. All of men. marked us careHow serenely ahead work You should to give be offense, not ful we but care banish from mind; And

to bless always. The love you freely scatter,

daily do, good The you will and can come come when Peace proffer, hand The helping you A get feeling into the the same we can Brings to happiness you.

hearts of others that is in our hearts. I

I bless us that God live always we may Gaeth havevisitedsometimesour colonieswondered.in Mexico.RecentlyI talked him, near prayer, in Jesus'name. is my

to one of the brethren there and asked Amen.

World War II has projected many new names into the ranks of those accepted JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN scene. Found world authorities on the as

is the Of the Presiding Bishopric Tribune Salt Lake in the Sunday only regular news analysis of Arthur Gaeth. In Address delivered at the Sunday tices and lives of the children of Israel.

Europe at the outbreak of Nazi aggression, afternoon session of the 114th Consequently, the Lord delivered them

Mr. Gaeth writes with authority of the strugsemiannual general conferas he said from the fleshpots of the

gle in Europe, and its effect on the nations ence, October 3, 1943, Egyptians and gave them forty years and peoples of that battleground. in the Tabernacle of preparation based upon the ten commandments before permitting them to us of privileged are to who enter the land of their inheritance, Those a with are youth work prone many repentant and chastened people. in times, fact of the time, most to

admonish and counsel parents in the The fifth commandment was one of training of their sons and daughters. In the most basic in the Lord's training of

this there is involved another factor of his disobedient children, for upon it equal importance, namely, the counsel hinged the patriarchal order of the famthat should be given to children with ily. It is the only commandment of the

reference to their attitude toward faten that has in it a promise, a promise

Fighting thers and mothers. This not alone inof longevity upon the earth to those

volves children, young men and women, who obey it but us of an older generation. Men thy father Honour thy that mother: and It brings to children Israel mind the of

thy days long be the land letters constantly may upon which world, the around From out had of land the been who of Egypt the thy giveth Lord thee. {Ex. 20:12.) God in Tribune Salt Lake the to Sunday come three traveling months, to wilderthe

of condensation of weekly appreciation a In the Sinai, ness it Israelites, of the of days the the of voice when was front. 'The the Home from home vital news the for heard Lord custom father a was to the become

in title this a which is of column, the Front"ruler very of his posterity; head his and

is I field of did seen every have sketch news Ye the what unto thumbnail Egyplaw. word his to counselor was was He I tians, and bare eagles'how on wings, you of the subscribers carried. Clipped by children. Although called Moses was brought and myself. unto you thereit its Now finds Tribune, Salt way Lake Sunday of to deliver the children of Israel God fore, will ye voice obey indeed, and my action this of every on area to fighting men lieu in his from bondage, father, of keep covenant, shall then ye own pecube a myif

front. liar treasure all unto for he sought the people: counsel above me of his advice and

all the earth is mine: And ye shall be unto fatherin-law.

me a kingdom of priests, and an holy nation.

These are the words which thou shalt speak All of the ancient servants of the Lord unto the children of Israel. (Ex. 19:4-6.) understood fully the significance of this

for the commandment, writer of Provthe Thus to spoke Lord his coveerbs declared to his the children of day nant people with progenitors whose the following: he a promise made that and a covenant

they were to be his chosen people, the My son, keep thy father's commandment, elect of the earth, becoming as numerand forsake not the law of thy mother: Bind

continually tie them heart, thine upon and as the ous sands of the seashore. But TRIBUNE, SALT LAKE SUNDAY THE it thy neck. them about goest, thou When to great bondage a nation of worshipthe daily either with Salt Lake delivered shall lead thee; it sleepest, shall thou when

is the Salt Telegram, Daily or Lake ers of false Tribune lot, their gods became and thee: it keep shall thou and awakest, when i / greatest buy, newspaper West's, the ideologies of life worship the of and thee. talk the is with For a commandment only # each costing Sunday r%* Egyptians part became of a the is praclight; lamp; the and law and reproofs

730 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

associaeternal our future consigning influence mother,"thy "BeholdSUNDAY AFTERNOON loved, temparents to honor tions. Failure of John, exemplifying the care her to

his love and respect for her. porally will jeopardize anticipated eterof instruction are the way of life. (Prov. 6: The Apostle Paul declared to the nal blessings. Israel's God will never

2023.) Ephesians sustain any son or daughter who enjoys

in tabernacle a of having privilege the in the Lord: parents your revered obey Children, and honored Parents were or father that casts then flesh and the father and thy is right. this Honour for years, flush in the of younger onlynot glorithis first has made is aside commandment the who mother mother; which deagain Proverbs writer of thefor

thee, coveit well with God's be possible. promise; may That privilege with As ous:clares earth. the live long on resting thou mayest and obligation the people, nant

thee, that begat father thy 6:1-3.) unto (Eph. Hearken mothfathers and honor to us upon

is old. she mother not thy despise whenand it upon as was binding is just as ers since the passed 23:22.) centuries(Prov. have any Saints the Israel and of children the

Israelites Rethe and the of days Christ. of M in the days falived cursed daughter or a son who who A subagain but world, the of we deemer fully should people is Israelitish light If who of one the in there motherther or fifth the about question: the mit What fifth the comprehend fifth and the understand commandofunderstanding Is dispensation? this in commandment a and temporal a over from hanging following the commandment hadment the still binding upon this commandment the it should be view, of point spiritual head:his her or anthis day? of The people covenant the of church restored the of members his mother, or father his curseth restoration the in for Whoso is obvious, swer Christ. Jesus Lord darkin obscure out shall puthis be lamp everlasting covenant the and of new fasacrifices by 20:20.) madeness. (Prov. the Consider in relationships ties, bonds, and family proto struggle in the mothers thers and eternities to come yet the life this and in points out prophet, the old Micah, necessities the children their for vide of acceptance the upon dependent are for reasons the passage followingthe scholastic and to addition in life of comimmortal to the obedience and housedivided families anddisunited instances In opportunities. many other thy father and thy "Honour mandment,:holds afbeen not privileges if had these the promised the for Lord mother,"

father, the the parents dishonoureth the son the parents, For the forded by Elijah the send that would he ancients the mother, against her riseth updaughter world's this of enough had have would 4, in Malachi recorded as prophet in law; mother against her in lawdaughter children of independent live to goods 6 5 verses and his of the own are men enemiesa man's parof because but agencies, other or Elijah the prophet I will 7:6.) send you (Micahhouse. Behold, chilfor sacrifices personal love, ental dreadful great exthe and Brother, of the coming Elder Christ, before our Jesus the in great too been not dren have heart shall the turn he Lord: of the his day And attitude toward in hisemplified

parents. devoted heart the children, loyal and and the of to fathers eyes the of compliance complete parentsearthly

I lest fathers, their come to children the of fifth the comto obediencewith and curse. a earth with the smite and speakGod, of Jacob's servants Scribes the and indicating tomandment, The declare days, last the the in these to Elijah's appearance ing Since as occasion, onePharisees, upon

recorded in Matthew 15, verses 2 to 8, Prophet Joseph Smith, temples have again to the people of the Lord to honor that they were hypocrites in that they been erected wherein are performed thy father and thy mother, to accept had failed to obey the fifth commandthese binding ordinances which seal fatheir advice and maintain them if necesment and had taught to the people the thers, mothers, sons, and daughters tosary with the essentials of life, not perwrong concept of it. gether, not only for time but for all mitting this special privilege and sacred

A dying Redeemer on Calvary's hill eternity. These sealings are valid as obligation to be placed in the hands of

observed the swooning form of his loyal far as the eternities are concerned in so any public agency.

and devoted mother. Mindful of her to far as children honor fathers and mothThe older brethren and sisters may

the very last, he said to John the Beers. Family relationship in this life will {Continued on page 732)

NOVEMBER, 1943

SOLUTION OF OCTOBER JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN GENERAL CONFERENCE

PUZZLE {Continued from page 731) SUNDAY AFTERNOON be classified in two divisions: first, those

who are physically able to work, and rest upon the shoulders of Latterday second, those who are incapacitated. Saint sons and daughters in relationThose who are physically able to work ship to their parents. As loyal citizens,

should be provided with this opportuwe pay the tax; in fact we follow the

nity, for the Lord has denied no man admonition of the Savior when he said, this privilege on account of age. Adam "Render therefore unto Caesar the

was commanded to leave the Garden things which are Caesar's; and unto

of Eden and to earn his bread by the God the things that are God's."(Matt.

toil of his hands and the sweat of his 22:21.) Assuming our responsibilities

brow. The Lord at no time indicated of maintaining parents, we also exemto Adam that at a certain age he would plify a high degree of patriotism and

be retired. Those who are physically genuine love for our government in

incapacitated for work should be cared that we relieve it of the expense infor, first by their children, then by the volved. We should ever remember

priesthood quorum, or the church. that the government in and of itself

The fifth commandment is a definite produces nothing except through the and integral part of the gospel of salvachannels of taxation. Therefore, the

tion; therefore the servants of the Lord people should sustain the government

throughout the church are responsible and not expect the government to susfor its being taught to the people. tain them.;*i

Bishops should determine the ecoOne not of our faith declared nomic status of all aged members, callThere is more guarantee in the initiative,

for are dependent their in whoWe're in the ingthoseinto council sons and daughters of the will, the conscience of an American than relief agencies, public sustenance Howall havethe statuteswe livedeveronpassedthis continentby Congress.these upon

War, Too! tofathersworkandout mothersmeans andin decliningways wherebyyears threePlymouthcenturiesRock?since Howa Pilgrimhave setwefootmanon

guaranto exist a government without aged flesh receive and blood from their own the sick crippled for the tee? and Except

exnecessities life as the of a loving lived the weakest and by among us, we father thy and child; the While, at the present pressionfaithful andof lovinggratitudeparents.to the Lord for God'smother."mandate,The "Honourparent nurturedthy

time, a good part of our There are some cases where sons the child protected the aging parent. It

facilities are devoted to and daughters, because of family rewas love, not law, that guaranteed life with-r family. in Godloving Godfearing, a insponsibilities, find their resources of printed the production

sufficient parents. for fully to care For leadership people, our has alAsa forms necessary in the this to reason, priesthood the ** quorum in example an inspiring set us ways

war effort, nevertheless which the aged father belongs should that they, from the Prophet Joseph called to provide or some upon work to President Heber Smith J. down to be are attempting we

individual can an whereby means solicitous for susGrant, have been most also, the requiremeet, himself. priesthood the quotain Thus of their comfort the welfare and

ments of the home front. rum magnifies the real order of this parents. Think, if you will, of Presidivine namely, in being brotherhood, his in youngfaced det Grant; Heber

brothers'keeper. But, regardless of conmy ruin, financial proyet he er withJ. years

ditions, you will find no When the family and the quorum have vided his mother with a home and supsubstitute for the modern done all within their power to assist, plied her with the comforts of life to further assistance should needed, be her day. example of dying an Such

the printing service which our then bishop the of the ward, with fifth to the commandment, obedience organization affords. resources of the Welfare program, the "Honour thy father and thy mother,"no

fast offerings, and the tithes of the doubt has led to the many blessings, church, should supplement and augment both spiritual and temporal, that the the assistance already rendered. In the Lord has showered upon his servant.

sister brother of and an aged who declared President F. Smith Joseph of case employees The

children connecor have quorum no DESERET THE NEWS lies the at basis organization family The is tions, the the bishop obliged of ward CO. PUBLISHING stress of all true too government, and much fuel to clothes, shelter, food, provide oversub- considerably the the of placed cannot importance be upon

scribed their quota in and such cash as is needed to provide government in the family being as perfect the Third War Loan medicine and other small incidentals for as possible, nor upon the fact that in all

Drive. the comfort and maintenance of such instances respect therefor should be upheld.

brethren and sisters. Any bishop who Young men should be scrupulously careadvises older brethren and sisters, ful to impress upon their minds the necessity

all in father consulting with mother and to the church, of seek of members & worthy their in that actions to pertains life. Respect assistance agencies other than from

infor parents veneration should and be

FOR BETTER PRINTING that of family, priesthood quorum and culated into the hearts of the young people to be reCALL ON mandmentchurch, in isthenotlightfollowingof the thefifthwillcomof spected,of the church—fathertheir wishes toandbemotherregarded—and

the Lord nor the advice and counsel of in the heart of every child should be imJke *JJe5eret r feu/4 ftre55 the general authorities of the church. plantederation forthisparentsthoughtwhichof esteemcharacterizedand considthe

"M[o doubt the question has already families of the ancient patriarchs.

Street, 29 Richards is at of * the the head human God flashed minds, through your "What all. to as of the Father look up him we racerWe taxes about paid collected revenues and Salt Lake City please cannot than regarding more him by for of the maintenance aged?"Because the respecting fathers honoring and our and

taxes are levied for a certain cause or mothers, who are the means of our existence!*! projectproject rightdoes nornotliftmakethe obligationsthe causethator here upon the earth.{Continued on page 734)

732 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

g3 riW'W—TSPr

BUY WAR BONDS FOR VICTORYI

LeildLeCISe"among the Railroads

For months before Pearl Harbor, as In 1930 to 1941—through years of clip. In our turn we are doing all we

America rearmed, U. S. railroads depression and low earnings-—we had can to cooperate with the other lines.

spent more than 195 million dollars carried a heavy traffic load. This for new equipment, additions and imload grew to unprecedented size provements. In the two years before Today the railroads are applying

when war came. Pearl Harbor, we ordered 64 million the "lendlease"spirit to many of

dollars worth of cars and locomotives their wartime problems.

Pacific outposts had to be reinBut no amount of foresight could If another road is better able to handle forced... the West Coast made make us fully equal to the war load. a certain job, we turn it over to them

strong against possible invasion. So Some of our locomotives were still (and they get the revenue involved).

day and night the troop trains and undelivered. We needed more. And other roads divert traffic to us.

the war freights roiled! Other U. S. railroads recognized the Our country needs its railroads now.

nation's need to make full use of S.P.'s It will need them always. For when

strategic western track, and they the "chips are down"there's no transagreed to rent us locomotives. portation so sure and capable as the

railroad offers. S.P. is proud to work

with all the other railroads in this

To Southern Pacific, western piowar.we knowWorkingwe workwith towardthis teamVictory!of giants,

neer with more miles of line than any other U. S. carrier, was entrusted great A. T. MERCIER, President

responsibility. And daily since Pearl

Harbor war pressure has mounted on the railroad.

From Chicago, from New Orleans, and 5 WESTOF MEXICOCOASUROUTE"S*P from the Pacific Northwest, S.P.'s OVAOALAJACA

transcontinental lines converge at The friendly

West Coast ports where troops and One of our competitors furnished us war equipment are massed for action with six locomotives. During one peSouthern Pacific

in the Pacific. All along our great netriod in 1942 a total of twentyseven headquarters: san krancisco

work of rails, a steppedup production locomotives "lendleased"by other of vital war equipment and materials lines saw service with S.P.—helped us One of America's railroadsis flowing to all war theaters. keep the war trains rolling at a record ALL united for Victory 1

NOVEMBER, 1943 733 JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN arose on the foundation of these divine GENERAL CONFERENCE fundamentals a great commonwealth (Continued from page 732) in which the kingdom, as Brigham

Peter declared: Young called the church, was firmly That came to my mind this noon

But ye are a chosen generation, a royal anchored. when our beloved president suggested

priesthood, an holy nation, a peculiar peoWe, the descendants of these fathers that something should be said in this conference of appreciation forth the and by way ple; should that shew ye all that mothers, praises and and have owe we

darkness of out called hath of the you of general members tribute to two him who affords are them, to a wonderful which light. (I 2:9.) Peter his marvellous into authorities last since our who, conferfifth in opportunity the observing comTrue, we enjoy all of the privileges mandment. In honoring them we will ence, have passed to the other side

of the royal priesthood. For that reaabide by the principles in which they President Rudger Clawson and Elder

son alone we should become a holy nahad implicit faith and render service to Sylvester Q. Cannon.

tion, a peculiar people, for our path has the cause for which they worked, lived President Grant is one of the most led us out of darkness into the marveland died to the end that we may remain thoughtful men in the world, one of ous light of the restored gospel and reaway from the fleshpots of a modern the most kindhearted. Many people do

vealed truth. Being a covenant peoEgypt, to the end that the promise given not know that. This request is typical

ple as were the children of Israel of in the fifth commandment shall be fulof him; his mind was on an appreciation

old, we today are the descendants of the filled in our behalf, that our days shall of services rendered by these two men modern children of Israel who one cenbe long upon the land which the Lord who associated with him so many years, tury ago stood on the banks of the our God giveth us. "Long days upon particularly Brother Clawson, who

Mississippi River with Nauvoo the the land"stimulates the thought that it came into the council somewhere near

Beautiful in flames at their backs and in may not mean days of mortality alone, the time or soon after President Grant front of them the desolate wilderness, but the days to come when our earth was called.

swept by the winds of winter. But God shall become celestialized and the dwellPresident Clawson was a heroic deof Israel remembered his covenant ing place of those who shall enjoy and fender of truth. He faced death, as you

peoples as he remembered them in the inherit the celestial kingdom, which I know, on one occasion, folded his arms days of bondage in Egypt and revealed pray will be the blessing of every and said, "Shoot."His life, however,

to a modern Moses, Brigham Young, worthy father and mother and every was preserved. His companion sacrithe plan whereby this peculiar people loyal son and daughter in Israel. Amen. ficed his life, was martyred for the

were to be led across the boundless truth. President Clawson's heroism on

plains through the rugged defiles of yon other occasions is a good example for the land of modernmountains and into temptation. face Rather us, when we

of freshPalestine, with its body yield the truth water DAVID O. than let us or honor,

on the south, connected to the salten sacrifice any convenience, and if necessea on the north by the River Jordan. sary life itself.This modern Moses declared after arMcKAY

riving in the valley, "Hear ye, oh hear Of the First Presidency President Clawson's life was integrated the of Christ with Church Jesus Israel! are toye, become Ye at the a selfComments Sunday Saints. to Latterday has afternoon of passed He in the wildersustaining people."Alone session the semiannual 114th of great reward. aness, miles the borders from a thousand general conference, October

civilization, these children Sylvester preof Elder modern Q. Cannon was in 3, 1943, the Tabernacle implicit this Israel for siding of with bishop toof church an went work many

faith in their God, obeying his comthink it was Carlyle who said: years. Hours counted nothing; it was

service, until just late at sustaining aged, early the the morningmandments, is this thing, there In godlike world one all night. fatherless, in him. the gospel all to cooperand andwidow, The was all of that ever I the essence ever or was

I life fully he, In fact, believe,ating believing his shortened with one another, in this will veneragodlike of be world—the

in enterover-exertion. free tribute principle through the ofwholly pay to the hearts tion of worth human done by We

prise and personal initiative; and there men. to his memory, and pray God to bless

t?LIKE *?6ufotf MONEY

..THIS 20% DIVIDEND CHECK!"

"When I buy fire insurance, I want the best I can get. To me this means highestrated capital stock

fire insurance. When I can get such insurance,

as I do with GENERAL of AMERICA, and receive a 20% premium dividend besides, it's like finding GENERAL the money! Why don't YOU look into it?"INSURANCE CO

QFAMERICA 7/omeff/ce Ask your GENERAL Agent—TODAY!

CAPITAL STOCK INSURANCE... AT ITS BEST!

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

CO. FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE OF AMERICA

H. K. DENT, President SEATTLE... Home Office:

UtahSouthern Idaho Service Office, Pacific National Life Blag., Salt Lake City, Utah

734 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA:

TO SPEED

SUNDAY AFTERNOON those whom the Lord calls "mine."I

be exercise not and with one him may BOYS OUR beliefs, discretion, consult own my myhis ones, loved asgive the them and trace in out opposition path own mysurance that retoo, Brother Cannon, his, is to of true is true me, and what HOMEceived the plaudit: welcome "Well officer other church. of every in the

done, faithful thou servant, and good enter into the joy of thy Lord."If we are going to bring about and accomplish the great purposes which the

Lord has marked out for us and of which we have heard so much, so eloquently, beautifully, truthso so and fully in this conference, one. J. REUBEN be must we

church in the past: over over again and CLARK, JR. As I have said to the priesthood of this really one, one, bringing If we are Of the First Presidency gether all of our wills and our forcestoof

character, and our powers, and our abilat the Concluding remarks Sunday into the with Prophet, harmony 1 the session 14th ities afternoon of Seer, at earth and Revelator on of God semiannual general conferthis time, there is beis nothing which ence, October I in righteousness. 3, 1943, yond our power And in the Tabernacle

is of nothing can think that today more important than that we as individTV try brethren: It is not an easy task uals shall seek, each and everyone of

with Lord's us, to be one him who is the calledJ-l\/l"J. into thissay greata *cw conference.conclucun9 wordsIt has anointed, to ordained and head

been a great conference, great in its his church.

attendance, for those here are are who us. Brethren, the bless Lord may May

Itthe the leaders of church. has been give he charity forbearance. us and Produce Conserve—and in great conference the eloquence ofa give he to the us discern power May

its It addresses. has great conbeen a truth error. give the he from us May

field in efference the of wide human Play Square Share and gift precious to has most he give—wisfort truth the addresses and which increase he our dom. knowledge, May

have covered. It has been a great conour testimonies, for, as has been said towith FOOD/

ference in the fundamental philosophy day, it seems to me that the greatest which we have heard. Lastly and force which we have is our testimony,

it importantly, has a great beenmost which our knowledge. means May he COOD IS one of our mightiest spiritualconference the because of upput into our hearts of love a burning fire

lift which has come to each and every of freedom and liberty. May we underweapons of war. Grow your

in attendance. has beenman who No stand what help on farms or in processing this conference withfrom can goman agency. Mayit hemeansbe constantlyto have ourwithfreeus own,

out being a better man than when he by his Spirit, and may we be able always plants. Buy only what you need,

came to its first session. to enjoy the influence and power of the

I referred Friday to the question of Holy Ghost. May he give us faith, kill black markets by buying only

unity. "Except ye are one, ye are not through which the world was made and with ration stamps, and pay no more

all that in it is. give he us power Maymine."

evil, to that than ceiling prices. When eating out, overcome do and to always

bit injust a is good. If I might which constanthe bring make that May whether in our popular Coffee Shop,

If I personal:timately ly not nearer to us the one that knowledge am Jesus

with President Grant, if I as his counis the Christ, the Redeemer of the world, or in the Empire Room, or at any that hisselor he says; church, are hearken not and to what brought do we

in the lines last follow along these not that to pass the restaurant, help share America's food through daysif I do he directs; if I do not lend to him every Prophet Joseph Smith, all to the end supply by ordering only what you

assistance and every aid which it is that we and ours finally may be saved possible for me to give, I am not one and exalted in his presence, I humbly can eat, and eating all that you order.

with him, and I am not then among pray, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

FOOD—A Vital War Weapon I

THE EDITOR'S PAGE

( Concluded from page 653 Lord be given to them in carrying their providences of the Lord, each of them burdens, and to bring solace to their hearts. sickyearning accident, from preservedmay be

I am praying with all my heart andness, return death, to in due course and for the this of end as as war soon I his to help soul ones.to loved pray God

fit it see stop, can the Lord to have and the terrible to stand underthem up strain which they must meet. I appeal am earnestly praying for the influence

to the Lord to bring the war to an end of the Spirit of the Lord to be with all at the earliest possible date. who have loved ones in the war.

I pray that the spirit of peace and of

Constantly my heart goes out in the increased faith may pervade all the deepest sympathy for the comforting homes of the Latterday Saints, and influence of the Lord to be given to the with all the power and authority I have fathers and mothers of the sons who are to bless, I invoke God's blessing upon in the war at the present time. May the the church as a whole and upon the

comforting influence of the Spirit of the honest in heart everywhere.

NOVEMBER, 1943 735 WilliPMMIDOURS Correction Concerning Howard R. Egan The Second Mile

issue of the 1943, Improvement the September, page 534 of /N a Bronc, and a there a story: Boy, Era, appeared "A Ourfornia),ward, hasElysian136 Park,families—andof the San136FernandoEras placedStakein (Calithese

Bag of Mail,"by Bertha H. Woodland. In a boxed note this families. The most Eras ever sold before in our ward was 37.

statement appears: It all really began two years ago. Mary Robinson once

"Howard Ransom Egan lies buried in the Richmond, Utah, told a friend that she loved to sell church magazines, and that cemetery. Those who knew him in later life recall him as a some day she hoped to have the opportunity to sell the Era.

thin littie man with a white beard, a wooden leg, and a genuTwo years later, the friend was made president of the M.I.A.,

ine love and skill for telling stories of the old west."and Mary was chosen as the Era director.

There came into our office a few days ago H. W. (Walter) When President Grant said that the Era should be in every

Egan of Los Angeles, formerly of Richmond, Utah, son of home, Mary felt that to be a personal commandment. Nothing

Howard R. Egan, to correct a misimpression. Howard R. short of that would satisfy her. Every day she went out selling

Egan was lame in both legs, and hobbled with his toes turned the Era. She walked miles and miles up and down our valley.

street car. to walk, the too far she took even it was She price painful he When his raised from the heels in and ground—the

in several in the Saints at six contacted to order morning, riding acquired from condition of a rheumatic as a result paid in all kinds of weather, with punishing exposure, in wet clothes, catch them before they left for work.

and often with no relief. But he had no wooden leg. One day Mary has not missed one copy of the Era in the last eleven

as a boy, coming in from a ride, he complained to his mother years and she desires all the Saints of her ward to have the of the cords seeming to tighten in one leg. All she was able same privilege.

all over, honors campaign was were The all passed the other leg became eventually to do brought no relief—and

still fulfilled but, President not had Grant's Mary other the to pursue to ride continued many and he desire—soout, affected—but right just faithfully she kept working, on as constantly, and life. colorful his useful and that filled duties active and

until she had reached that precious goal.

In addition to all her responsibilities, Mary received word

Bancroft, Idaho that the Era should be sent to every service man in the ward.

are in service, twentyfive the There boys twentyfive and Eras a as for Era Improvement appreciation of The a word sent to were them. Just

in particular. do enjoy page whole, your Homing and We officers in of the said: our "I M.I.A. lot One seen a have

this Katherine little lapel gadgets the by I liked it of the their in people duties, church perform but I have never girls little of to try most and [August] mean them. MyDissinger month seen so singlehandedly, do anyone love, the with thoroughness,

are just starting to sew and will enjoy making them. and zeal with which Sister Robinson did."

Mrs. Frances C. Yost As the Saints become more faithful in paying their tithes, as

-*- they attend sacrament meeting more regularly, and as the love of will realize fruits Robinson the expands—Mary

labors, Drexel Hill, Pa. spiritof her the influence through of the she has placed Eras Dear Sirs: in the of Saints. the Latterday homes

that like I'd to suggest out.Era another comes Before you Sincerely

last bit. three covers have a cover brighten The up the

given the appearance, to me, at least, of a very dry, burnt land. William E. Lund, bishop,

Perhaps it is hard to get the ink nowadays. However, I hope Anne Aardema, ward reporter.

you can keep up the standard of past covers. Two outstanding

covers were those on January, 1941, and April, 1942, issues.... Familiar

Leila P. Shipp

<S> Guide: "This castle has stood for six hundred years. Not a

Midway, Utah stone has been touched, nothing altered, nothing replaced."

Dear Editors: Visitor: "Um, they must have the same landlord we have."

read with interest a letter appearing in the October issue

I from Dorothy M. Brown of Coalinga, California. Presto!

I wrote the poem "To A Tall Lad,"to my husband who is Teacher was giving a lesson on the weather idiosyncrasies

Pacific. in the His son forces the somewhere (whom with armed of March. is it,"she asked "that comes in like a lion "What

perfor his return. I are anxious seen) and never And he has and goes out like a lamb?"

haps our dream of a postwar world gave me the thoughts for And little Julia in the back row replied: "Father."

the poem. is tall earnestly lad"pray "our safe and yet we As that he A Pronounced Change faith to live will from only be, day to day. have but by we

Words are often inadequate when trying to offer consolation. Buck: "I hear Robinson is back in the hospital."

To those whose dear ones will not return it is hard to give Private: 'Yeah; he took a sudden turn for the nurse,"

comfort. As Mrs. Brown says, our religious beliefs help a

is still loneliness. there, deal, the unmeasurable ache but the great little girl Now or Tomorrow? in the mission field with a years Three ago I was

who since has lost her sweetheart at Bataan. Her patient cour- "I want to be procrastinated at de nex'corner,"said the

age is admirable, and I think it is a sample of the courage of Negro passenger to the bus operator.

most sweethearts, wives, and mothers who have been called to "You want to be what?"demanded the operator.

lose yo'temper. dictionary their those I had to look in de "Don't burdens so bravely ones. bear dear give who To

I off.'"befo'glorious I found out dat 'proscrastinate'a will 'put recompense, for our myself means day, come one am sure,

Heavenly Father sees and understands.

Sincerely, How Many Learn It?

Sylvia Probst Young * youngYoungmotherMother:to learn?""Nurse, what is the most difficult thing for a

Salt Lake City Nurse: "That other people have perfect children, too."

Editors:... A good many acquaintances would welcome, as I do, That Proofreader Again!

substantial, [in the leaning and greater toward Era articles] a in correction following appeared a smalltown paper: it. The generally, public, reward confident the would you for I am last the notice paper carried week that Mr. "Our John Doe

Sincerely, an old subscriber, is 'a defective in the police force.'This was a typographical

Julius C. Billeter error. Mr. Doe is really a detective in the police farce."

736 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A crate of topped carrots is all carrots—while the

average crate of "bunched carrots"may be nearly halffilled with tops. So with

topped carrots there's a lower container cost. You can

use cheaper containers and less packing paper; no packing ice is required. These

savings all add up.

And shipping carrots with tops off saves a lot on transportation costs, as this table shows:

\ BUNCHED TOPPED PACK ) 6 Dozen Sturdee Iced Crate J AV. No. \ Let's take carrots to show tions before they're even CRATES } 362 629 how this idea works.. ready to be hauled to the PER CAR /

packing shed!

ROOTS NET,. - 40,256 lb. PER CAR \> 26'064lb

We Safeway people have PERCENT \ worked out a simpler way of SAVINGSHIPPING IN /\ (\V 54.4% harvesting carrots and other SPACE /

root vegetables:

carrots years haveFor been We buy root vegetables with This idea of topping root vegtheir withsent to market the tops off—unbunched! We etables is just of one manyleafy tops bunched. on—discovered that have housethe examples Safeway how carrots harvest that To wives that prefer to buy them help costs people cut the to lot calls for a of work.way way. of producing marketing andIt along going the meansrows, pulling up carrots——and thereby increase the

and then laying them all farmer's share of the condown in an orderly fashion, sumer's dollar.

tops pointing one way, roots the other.

Twentyseven years ago Safeway people began to improve methods of handling

Harvesting carrots with the foods.

tops off is practically a single Today, this more efficient operation: The carrots are food distribution system is a

pulled and topped right into national asset. In war or

the field crates. Naturally peace, everybody benefits by

this is quicker and easier. It the straightest possible road

calls for less skill; less manbetween farmer and conpower; saves the farmer on sumer.

Next you grade for size (carlabor. And the tops, left in

rots in a standard bunch the field, help return humus SAFEWAY mustn't vary more than a to the soil.

quarterinch in diameter). Topping makes for imporYou are a producer as

Then you count out the tant savings in other ways, well as a consumer. We

right number of carrots, tie too. invite you to trade at

them into a bunch and pack your Safeway for one... and thenyour bunches 3 dozen to the LAY AWAY A BOND TODAY full month

field crate. All these operacompare what you save.

'e**$n catena A shrine of Liberty * * a monument to one who gave tongue to

America's passion for freedom. whose words and deeds helped

lay the foundation of our national ideal? an apostle of fundamental

truth %x\A virtue; a prophet who pointed the way of our national

destiny* Provision for the welfare of loved onts and the security of our Nation are vita! Ameri*

can traditions* Today. * the dollars we

invest in..life 1 insurance, -and War Bond*

defend 'these traditions*''

Mil

iJL

s> \M%wmMmmm iiMKm @mwamw Heber J.SraM.Pres. Salt Lake City. Utah