rC >s

-&SS,

*UVUUAWB.iWrW7JJ.WS*J!A-WJJ.,iWilJJ*t'W. 7Tfi.uijiu.ilmpmwiwfww'wA!m!wwmwwTn"WBWu

Faithful Unto Death DAVID O. McKAY

Sinking of the Vestris DAVID H. HUISH

Herbert Hoover mary c. kimball

Joseph Smith Memorial Farm angus j. cannon

Jewish State in Palestine h. c. singer

Stories—Weather Forecasts—

The Breakaway annie d. palmer—harold thorpe

jtMiiinMiannriiiiiniiir... T - T '.... '- V., ).. J *-

:'|kv.-'.-v.::\.iTOH(.Uiji op!TW.

SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR Oi TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCING OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE WASATCH 3008—3078

Never Too Busy For Personal AttentionIS OUR—OUR STUDENTS'SUCCESS

BIGGEST ASSET

L. D. S. Business College

ENROLL ANY MONDAY

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Electric Home

Service—SAVES LABOR, TIME, ENERGY, WORRY

AND MONEY makes the home a pleasanter—and

and happier place to LIVE in.

We invite you to come to any of our stores to inspect the large variety of electric servants available. There are certainly some that you will

want.

Utah Power & Light Co.

Efficient Public Service

Family trees aren't like others. In others, appearance of the sap is an

indication of continued vigor. Washington Post.

My mother will be surprised when she gets my letter. "August,"she

used to say. "you are so stupid that you will never get a job,"and in the last

month I have had six. Lustige Welt {Berlin)

Motorist (held up for speeding)—"I was hurrying up town to see my

lawyer."Traffic Cop (writing his ticket)-—"Well, you'll have some more news

for him now."London Humorist.

Elias Morris & Sons Co.

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

'Where the Fire Burns"21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

EASY TERMS <ASY TERMS $107 Buys Complete Home Motion Picture Outfit Why not use this in genealogical work

Get a LIVING record of the Family?

NOT a toy but a practical camera for grownups—so easy and simple to operate that a child can handle it.

Think of the thrill you'll get taking your own motion pictures in and around friends'homes or on your trips. SAME LENS TAKES andyour own home—your

PROJECTS PICTURES.

Our expert cinematographer, in charge of this dept., will be glad to

give you expert advice in the selection of a camera and in taking your own pictures.

VERY COMPACT!

Complete in carrymi case larger than a port able phonograph

Operates From Light Socket When Projecting

WRITE FOR FREE POSTPAID CATALOG

DAYNESBEEBE MUSIC CO.

"Older Than The State of Utah"61 TO 65 SOUTH MAIN STREET, SALT LAKE

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "IMPROVEMENT ERA JANUARY, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

Point Lobos, California - Frontispiece

A Picture in My Memory cien Perrins 177 -...... Faithful unto Death David O. McKay 179

Sunshine and Shadow. A Poem - - - - a. Henderson 184

Sinking of the "Vestris"- - - David H. Huish 185

Rareness in Design - - - - Dorothy C. Retsloff 188

Interview with Seaman Maurice Howe - - - Glen Perrins 189

The Joseph Smith Memorial Farm. Illustrated - Angus J. Cannon 195

- William Sykes 198 Repentance. A Poem

A Relative of Nancy Hanks Carries On Prof. H. R. Merrill 199

- H. C. Singer 202 The Jewish State in Palestine

Soul Moonbeams, a Poem - - - - Lloyd O. Ivie 209

Why Should I Be LawObserving? - - Delbert V. Groberg 210

- Dr. Franklin s. Harris 213 Lessons from Common Water Things—I.

- Blessings. Winter's David Archibald 215 Many A Poem

Herbert Hoover Mary c. Kimball 216

"PEACE Be UNTO YOU"Joseph S. Peery 220 Giant Lizards of Panama.....Illustrated - Harold L. Snow 221

THE MOCKING BIRD. A POEM - Joseph Longking Townsend 223

- Elmer A. Graff 224 Adventure with a Rattlesnake

Enlisted Soldiers of Our Forests - - - Wreno Bowers 225

The Breakaway. A Story Harold Thorpe 227....- - - Annie D. Palmer 230 Weather Forecasts. A Story

Loved Companions. A Poem - - - Samuel B. M it ton 235

- 23 6 Messages from the Missions. Illustrated

THE ONE Frederick W. Robertson 243

- - 244 Editors'Table—The Returned Missionary

Books - 246 - 246 Leadership Week at B. Y.......U. -

Priesthood Quorums 247 Mutual Work 249 JOHN MILTON. A POEM.-....-Helen Kimball Orgill 261 Passing Events.... 262

Entered at the Post Office. Salt Lake City. Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October. 1917.

authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the statement. "At usual rates."are considered free contributions. Photographs, unless their return is especially requested, will be destroyed.

Published monthly at Salt Lake City: $2 per annum. Address: Room 406 Church

9) OfficeOff Building.

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

Faithful unto Death, is the title of are before us all the time but about

Elder David O. McKay's tribute to his which we know comparatively little.

beloved friend and colaborer in the This and the articles which are to folmission field, Pres. Joseph Wilford low will prove profitable to all who

Booth. On two occasions Brother will give them attention.

McKay visited this faithful worker in The Joseph Smith Memorial Farm, the isolated Armenian mission and can birthplace of the great modern prophet, speak authoritatively of his sterling will always be regarded as a shrine by qualities. By good fortune we are able this people. An excellent description

to present to our readers photographs of the place, and a tribute to Elder of the five heroes who have laid down Junius F. Wells, who secured title to

their lives in Palestine and Syria. the property, supervised the erection

The Vestris Disaster is described in of the Monument, and also removed this issue by Elder David H. Huish, much of the existing prejudice, will be

one of the survivors. His description found in this number.

of the sinking of this vessel is touchInspired by the same spirit which ingly graphic in its simplicity. One moved the people of Mar Vista ward

can almost see the helpless people strugto such remarkable action, members of gling in the water. This article, as the Tremonton ward, Bear River stake

well as that on the same subject by have completed a chapel cqsting $65,-

Glen Perrins, should not be over285.00, with only one assessment.

looked. In the next issue we will have The building was begun in March,

a picture and a brief sketch of Elder 1928, and was dedicated November

Keith W. Burt, who lost his life in this 25, 1828, by President Heber J. Grant.

wreck. One thousand people were present at

Blind and without hands, N. C. the dedicatory services. Bishop James

Hanks, a native of Utah, has made a Walton and a committee of twenty national name for himself. His pluck men are given credit for the efficient

is an inspiration to every person manner in which the chapel was erected acquainted with what he has achieved and paid for, and the fact that Sister in spite of such handicaps. In this Wilson, a widow, donated the ground

issue Prof. H. R. Merrill gives a brief valued at $1,500.00 should not be

but interesting account of this remarkoverlooked.

able man's life. The Jewish State, by H. C. Singer,

The article on Herbert Hoover, by furnishes a good description of the

Mrs. Mary C. Kimball, commences in Zionist movement and indicates how

this number. The story of Mr. the Almighty is working through the

Hoover, who was left an orphan and nations for the fulfillment of his purin poverty at a tender age, and who poses. There are few, if any, movenow, scarcely past middle life, is presiments in the world today which are

dentelect of the United States, reads attracting more attention and which like a romance. This will prove a valare more worthy of note than is the

uable supplement to the manual, Capreturn of the Jews to the land promised tains of Industry. The final installcenturies ago to their fathers.

ment will appear in the February The attention of writers is again number. called to the fact that but one month

Lessons from common things. Dr. remains for them to finish and submit

F. S. Harris, president of the Brigto us their stories in competition for

ham Young University, treats the subthe prizes of $50 and $25. All

ject of water as the first of a number manuscripts must be in our hands by of similar articles on subjects which February 1.

Picture in my Memory A (5ee Frontispiece} By Glen Perrins FELL in love with the beauty of the scene the moment I saw it.I Looking out across the bay in northern California I sat at Secure Point Lobos, one of the loveliest

spots which mark the Monterey peninsula, for over an hour—enraptured

It was growing dusk and I watched the golden sun sink like a ball of fire into the horizon. Twilight had

settled like a blanket upon this picturesque shore line and the coolness of the air reminded me that it was time

to leave.

Before going, however, I looked about me, studying the detail of the shore line, the trees and the colored rocks and listened to the pounding of the water on the jagged cliffs below me.

God rs good to us, I thought, to erect such beauties in the world. When shadows come I often sit back and

dream, recalling this scene of lovely PICTURE solitude—A

In My Memory.

z a.o u. Hi<

oao

o Q.

Improvement Era t-AJCXTl-

Vol. XXXII JANUARY, 1929 No. 3

Faithful Unto Death By Elder David O. McKay, of the Council of the Twelve

THE bright sunshine of INJanuary forenoon in the yeara 1924, at a customs house, on the coast of old Tyre and Sidon,

I last shook hands with my beloved brother and esteemed friend,

President Joseph Wilford Booth, of the Armenian mission. Little

did I realize then, as we bade each other goodbye, that we should never in this life see each other again! That that was our final

earthly parting, however, is attested by the recent cablegram from President John A. Widtsoe,

announcing the sudden and wholly unexpected death of Elder

Booth on December 5.

At that farewell, just before President Joseph wilford booth I entered the auto bus that was to

After a total of eighteen years of service in take me to Haifa, my friend and

President mission. Armenian and Turkish the I embraced each other, and exrelease from his his final given has been Booth

earthly labors. Needless to say. it was a highly changed a mutual "God bless

years every one, day of all those for honorable you!""I'm sorry to have you effort. conscientious earnest, with A was filled

few days prior to his death the Era received a leave me, Brother McKay,"said letter from President Booth in which he outlined he, as his eyes became teardim- ensuing travel months. for the of his program

in to visit Church members Beirut. med, and his countenance became plan was His

Damascus and Aleppo. On December 5. he died saddened by a shadow of sorrow.

in the latter city and was buried there.

President Booth was born August 14. 1866. That sentence was the nearest to

in Alpine. Utah County, Utah, and was set apart a complaint that I ever heard Elleft for Sept. last his mission 14. and 1921, for

is the der Booth utter. Through that field day. the his same of labor on He

fifth missionary to die in the Armenian mission. remark, however, and the look

by was sent Ralph V. Chisholm Elder Presthat accompanied it, I caught a Sister Booth to accompany ident A. Widtsoe John

home. glimpse of a noble heart longing

180 IMPROVEMENT ERA

for companionship and strength of a fellowcompanionship—the

missionary who could help solve perplexing questions, and share the heavy burdens incident) and peculiar to that faroff mission. A

few minutes, thereafter, I was speeding on my return journey toward England to rejoin the five hundred other elders then laboring in the seven missions of Europe. Brother Booth returned to Aleppo

alone, for Elder Earl B. Snell,

his only missionary companion, had been honorably released to return home, and no other missionaries had as yet been called to the Armenian mission. Fortunately, President Booth's wife

had joined him just ten days before. Back to Sister Booth and

to the Saints he loved, he wended his solitary way, to work out alone, under God's guidance, the destiny of the mission over which he had been called to preside.

More than two years before this parting, President

Hugh J. Cannon and I had

miraculously met Brother Booth at Haifa, when we were all three on our way to gather and to succor the scattered Armenian

Saints. That memorable meetELDER EDGAR DILWORTH SIMMONS ing was about 2 p. m., November 4, 1921. Brother Booth's

The first elder to die in the Turkish (now the

Armenian) mission was Elder Edgar Dilworth Simfirst desire, following greetings mons, who arrived in the field July 9, 1889. After and explanations, was to take

studying the language with his companion for a few weeks in Aintab. Syria, he was left alone, and in us to visit the graves of Elders

January. 1890. was taken down with smallpox, and Adolph Haag and John A.

after fourteen days, with only native friends to care for him as best they could, he died, on February 4, Clark, who sleep in what is 1890. He was buried by a kind Protestant minister, known as the German cemetery,

known as Budville Krihor. A suitable monument has just outside Haifa. Later, inbeen placed over his grave. Elder Simmons was 2 6

years old at the time of his death. Aleppo, we visited the grave of

Elder Emil J. Huber, who laid

down his life there. Elder Edgar A. Simmons lies buried in Aintab,

but we had no opportunity of visiting his resting place. None of

us imagined then that President Booth, himself, would also end his earthly labors in that faraway land.

FAITHFUL UNTO DEATH 181

In Vol. 12 of the Improvement Era, under the title "Four

Heroes Far Away,"Brother Booth has written an account of these brethren and their heroic deaths. He himself now brings the number to five.

The three of us left Haifa for Beirut, a few hours later, where we stayed that night.

At 2:30 p. m., November 8, 1921, we reached Aintab. The

alacrity with which the Saints, who, like hunted hares, were living in caves and ruined houses, became informed of our coming, is still an unexplained mystery to me;

but at 5 p. m. seventyfour grateful people, including some who

were not yet Church members, assembled in a fairly commodious place to greet us. Only those who

beheld the heartfelt welcome which that people gave President

Booth can realize what his return to them meant. One kind woman, whose countenance reflected

deep and sincere appreciation, expressed the feeling of all when she said: "For seven years we've been

in hell, but today we are in heaven."That evening it was decided that the members of the Church and their near associates should leave Aintab at the first opportunity. They would have started ELDER ADOLPH HAAG

that night, if possible.

the our of missionary second

life misin the Armenian Upon Brother Booth's return ChurchThis tobrotherlay downwas his to Aleppo, he took up his abode sion. He was born in Stuttgart, Germany. Febru19, of and, because 1865, of his knowledgeamong the refugees, and began to arythe language, appointed to labor was German

make preparations for the exodus among the people of that race in Haifa. Palestine.

from Aintab, eighty miles distant. After two years of earnest work, he was stricken

What difficulties he encounwithEldertyphus,Don Carlosfrom whichMusscr.he diedthen Octoberpresident3. of1892.the

tered in accomplishing this duty, mission, attended to his burial. An appropriate

monument marks his resting place.

perhaps no one can now realize.

There were carts and horses, and other transportation facilities to secure. There was permission of

a not toofavorable government to obtain. There were winter rains

and cold weather to endure, and muddy roads to traverse.

How he was impressed to seek the aid of General De La Mathe, 182 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of the French army, who issued an order for passports for fiftythree "Mormons"to come out of Aintab; how Lieutenant A. P. Guitton

conveyed President Booth from Aleppo to Aintab, furnishing food, bedding and protection free of charge; how the little colony packed

household furniture and personal belongings on the muledrawn vehicles that made up the train that started from Aintab to Aleppo on a wet December day; how much of the poor but treasured household articles were abandoned by the roadside to lighten the mudbedraggled wagons; how the

Saints endured the exposure in comparative cheerfulness because they were going to safety;

the difficulties of housing them after their arrival in Aleppo;

all these experiences though unpleasant and full of anxiety were cherished memories, during his lifetime, in the man's mind who alone carried the worry and responsibility of it all!

They constitute also a bit of Church history that merits proper recognition, and which reflects the great outstanding fact that the intrepid, unselfish missionary, Joseph Wilford Booth, literally gave himself to relieve, comfort and cheer a people whom he loved.

From November, 1921, Elder Booth labored constantly for the alleviation and betterment of the members of the misElder John a. Clark sion over which he presided.

Not far from the grave of Elder Haag. one comes For over a year he labored alone.

to the stone which informs the visitor that there lies April, 1923, Elder Earl B. Snell

the body of Elder John A. Clark, born February

2 8, 1871. at Farmington, Utah. He, too. died at joined him, and together they

Haifa, Palestine, under the shadow of Mt. Carmel worked diligently in securing

and overlooking the Mediterranean, the date of his demise being February 8, 1895. This elder died of more commodious quarters for

smallpox, and from the fact that he paid ten francs the colony, in teaching and in tithing on January 18. and that his name appears

again on the tithing record on January 26. it would making more effective for good

seem that his illness was not of long duration. the organizations in the Aleppo

branch. In the renovating and

the remodeling of the large house rented, these two dauntless misFAITHFUL UNTO DEATH 185

sionaries not only directed the efforts of carpenters, masons and plasterers, and cement mixers, but became themselves workers in these trades.

But the greatest results of this devoted service are seen not in material things, but in the development of the members of the branch. To one who saw them in their discouragement and distress

in 1921, the change wrought is wonderful. It is true that from a

financial standpoint many are still dependent, and are yet longing for the day or opportunity to come when they can earn their own livelihood and become permanently assured of being placed beyond the reach of dire want;

but in the joy of association in surroundings of safety, in the assurance of proper care and skill in times of sickness; in opportunity for mutual helpfulness, and for spiritual growth

and enlightenment, the change which was brought about by their mission president is little short of a transformation.

No wonder the people loved him, for he loved them and had demonstrated that love throughout eleven years of faithful service, to which he has since added over seven years and ever solicmore—faithful

itous, even unto death!

No man in the Church could have been truer to his trust; no one less complaining;

no one more hopeful; no one

ELDER EMIL J. HUBER

more selfdenying; no one more

to pass away in the Armenianwilling to sacrifice personal comThe fourth missionary mission was Emil J. Hubcr, who sleeps under a stately

forts and convenience to give monument in Aleppo, Syria, at which place he died of typhus on May 16, 1908. He was of Swissaid to the poor and unfortunate;

no one more ready to give his parentage,1885. He buthad waslaboredtorndiligentlyin Paris, forFrance.less thanMarcha year7.

the last Sundaylife for his friends and in the when death overtook him. During

services which he attended, Elder Huber, bis voice service of his God, than was trembling under the influence of the Holy Spirit, bore his testimony, and among other things said: "I knowPresident Joseph Wilford

Booth. heardthe Gospelit preachedis true,by anda humbleyou cannotservantdenyof theit, Lord."having

I know what fond wishes and fervent prayers he had in his heart as he left me, at the coast of 184 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Tyre and Sidon, to return to the little branch at Aleppo. During

the nearly five intervening years, he and his faithful wife, Sister

Mary R. Booth, have labored unceasingly and uncomplainingly to

make real their cherished hopes and desires for the Armenian mission.

Every day, this faithful, intrepid missionary, following in the footsteps of his Master, "went about doing good."His noble soul

was actuated by this high motive even when death called. It was

truly with an upright heart that President Booth met this relentless visitor, whose final summons he would answer as he had answered every other worthy call to responsibility, by saying cheerfully and resolutely: "I am ready."

With the passing of President Booth, closes another important and tragic episode in the history of the Church.

My wish for my esteemed friend's last hours and my present feeling are best expressed by Byrant:

"Death should come Gently to one of gentle mould, like thee,

As light winds, wandering through groves of bloom.

Detach the delicate blossoms from the tree,

Close thy sweet eyes calmly, and without pain.

And we will trust in God to see thee yet again."

Sunshine and Shadow

In the dark days through which we all must pass, there is, though hidden for the time, a shaft of golden sunshine. For as under the sodden,

windswept furrows of the fields in early springtime the fruits of the harvest are hlossoming into life, so beneath the shadows of life God is ripening for us, by the sunshine of his love, his harvest of nobler purposes, higher hopes and purer desires.

Then when the sun shines out from a rift in the dark cloud, and we have yielded our souls to the Heavenly Husbandman, we notice a richer glow in the things which our faith has ripened in the experience of the Almighty love, to which we crept for shelter from the shadows that weighed us down.

Not always for us are the days when we call ourselves happy the most happy, for when enjoyment is our special concern, there seems to be drifting through it the shadow of discontent. The higher conscience finds its full content

only when we are quietly filling our place and doing our "each duty—when

morning sees some task begun, each evening sees it close."

So, rhrough sunshine and shadow, our steps, if we will it so with faithful diligence, may tend ever heavenward.

Betvidere, 111. A. HENDERSON

The Sinking of the 'Vestris"By David H. Huish

1 i 1 1 1 e REQUIRES but ITtime to make fast friends of people, heretofore unacquainted, if they are drawn together by a common purpose.

This was the case with Elder Keith W. Burt and myself. We

met at the Mission Home in Salt

Lake City, and inasmuch as we had been assigned to the same field, the South American mission, a deep friendship was instantly formed. As days passed,

this feeling ripened into a sincere love, at least on my part, and I think Elder Burt felt the same way.

We traveled together from Salt Lake City to New York, by way of Denver, Chicago and Washington, D. C, and spent

two and a half days looking over our nation's greatest city, and boarded the S. S. Vestris

about 2 p. m. on Saturday,

November 10, and immediately saw to it that our trunks and baggage were taken to our Elder David H. Huish

room. The ship left Hoboken

at 3:45 p. m. and traveled down the Hudson river to the ocean.

Everybody ate supper that night, although some of us didn't feel like eating much. Elder Burt and I went up to our room after

supper, wrote our diaries to date, and also wrote letters and some postal cards to our loved ones at never reached their home—which

destination. Then we had our prayers and went to bed. The

boat was rocking quite a bit, taking us back to our cradle days, and soon we feel asleep.

Sunday morning we awoke, had our prayers, and were a little hesitant about getting off our beds for fear of becoming sea186 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sick. I went to the dining room and tried to take breakfast but

could eat only a grapefruit. I noticed a solemn look on the kitchen

steward's face and perspiration on his forehead, although it seemed cool to me. The ship was rocking badly and it was a hard thing

to make the dishes stay in place. I was obliged to leave the table,

was dizzy and became only time on the ship. On going seasick—the

back to our room I found that Elder Burt had been sick while I was gone, and he was ill several times during the day. The ship

listed and rocked considerably, so we stayed on our beds and slept practically all day Sunday, our main reason being not so much sleepiness as fear of seasickness. We remained in bed all that night,

but did not sleep much. It was a hard matter for me to stay on

the bed, due to the list and rocking of the ship. We had stopped

moving forward about noon Sunday and heard the men bailing and the pumps pumping out water. The captain had sent out an S. O. S.

that morning but cancelled jt because he thought he could handle the situation. We knew nothing about the trouble as it was our

first trip out at sea, and all the sailors said everything would be all right. I sang some songs and played a few tunes on my harmonica. Elder Burt had a saxaphone along with him. He took

it out and tried to play a few pieces but found that it had a few keys out of commission. So ended the Sabbath on the S. S. Vestris.

Early Monday morning we arose and went down for some breakfast. It was almost impossible to stand up in the halls, and

we had to cling to the railing in order to walk. On arriving there,

we found people strung around on the floor, sick and worn out. I

asked where the steward was, and a man replied, "They're all down in the coal bunkers bailing out water. Wouldn't you rather go

without your breakfast than lose your life?"This was the first

time we felt any alarm at our prospect, and Elder Burt remarked, "This is getting to be a serious matter; something is dreadfully

wrong."We didn't get any breakfast, so we went up to the parlor

and sat for a while and listened to some conversation, which was interesting but not very encouraging, about the S. O. S. being sent

out and cancelled, about the ship not moving forward, and the terrible manner in which it listed. We went back to our room and

waited, lying flat on our backs to avoid sickness. The ship was

tipped so much that it was hardly possible to stay on the bed, in night and spite of the railing. We had had our prayers both Sunday

also that morning, so all we could do was hope and trust in the Lord.

About 11:00 a. m. (ship time) we heard a noise in the hall,

and I got up to see what it was all about. There were some colored

passengers on the ship and one colored woman gasped when she saw me, "For heaven's sake, boy, get out of your room, this ship is

SINKING OF THE "VESTRIS"187

going to sink."I asked the sailor helping her if we should take our

life belts, and he said, "Oh, I guess you'd better take one along for safety, but I don't think you will need it."So we pulled down

life belts and started to leave the room, Elder Burt remarked, "We'd better take our money and passports."I said, "We might not need

them any more."He replied, "Oh, yes we will."Then we got them

and started for the top deck. It took us quite a while to get there;

sometimes we couldn't climb the slant of the ship and once I slipped and was thrown against a chair the other side of the room and broke the chair into pieces. We finally reached the deck and had to

lean against the wall or hold to the railing of the ship in order to stand up. Even ropes were used to help people from the stairways

to the railing.

We watched them lower the life boats, which they did with much difficulty, because they had to pry the boats away from the side of the ship, due to the list. It took them about two hours to

lower the boats. I asked an officer, standing near, if there was any

danger and he said, "No, the ship could go on like this for a week probably."It sounded like a fairy tale to me and I asked him why

they were lowering the life boats, and he answered, "Just a matter of precaution."Almost all the passengers were attaching their life

belts. Elder Burt and I had ours on over our overcoats. About

2:00 p. m. there came a call for all the women and children to go

on the first life boats, which were loaded with a few sailors and let down on the other side of the vessel, which was almost level with the water. After this we started to load our boats, got them all

loaded and two of them cut loose and away. Elder Burt and I were

sitting side by side in No. 4 boat, which never was loosened from

the ship, as the vessel started to sink fast. A crowd of people started

to run for our boat and got on it, but immediately we saw it was still tied to the ship, so we all had to jump out and take to the water.

Elder Burt was a little ahead of me and I believe he got into the water, but I was still on the side of the ship when it went down and a big wave came, along with the suction of the ship, and took me under.

While in the water I caught hold of a panel, the bottom of a life boat or something, and came up. I looked for Elder Burt but I never

saw him again. I floated on a 2 x 12 plank for a few minutes and

pretty soon a life boat, No. 14, came somewhat close and I swam

over to it and was helped in the boat. We picked up about twelve

more 19 in all. I looked constantly in the water and into people—

theother life boats for Elder Burt, but he was not to be seen.

The waves soon drove us from the wreck: we had no rudder

and only three oars, so we were helpless in picking up any more people. The water was warm at first, but towards evening it became

188 IMPROVEMENT ERA

cold and I never shook so much through fear of facing the public as I did during that night from cold. We drifted all night, without

any flares or torpedoes. Two or three storms came up, one hail

storm. By morning the waves were very high and we did not know

at any time whether we would be swallowed up or not. About

11:00 p. m. at night came our first hope, when we saw a flashlight. The ship came nearer and about 4:00 a. m. they picked up

one life boat. From then until 8:00 a. m., we drifted and were

finally picked up by the American last of the five Shipper—the

boats that this ship picked up. We had been trying all the time to

get their attention with a flashlight and with our shouts, but to no avail until after dawn.

They gave us something to eat on the ship, and a place to get warm and to dry our clothes. They searched for more survivors as

long as there was any hope and then set sail for New York, and arrived here about 9:00 a. m. We were treated well on the ship,

but slept on blankets on the hard floor and were glad to get that.

Brothers Steed and West met me at the pier and brought me to the mission home in Brooklyn, bought me clothes, and I'm waiting now for further instructions. Elder Burt has never been heard of; but we

acknowledge that God can overrule all things for good. I am very

grateful for my own life, but am very sorry for the loss of my beloved companion.

Rareness in Design Don't count your troubles unless you would increase them many per cent.

Trample them under your feet, mix them with the leafmold of understanding.

Don't repeat your troubles. Let them slip away like a leaf in a current;

they will soon drift into the forgotten past.

Don't brood over your troubles. Let them pass like ghostly steps on a

dimlighted stair; they will leave no mark, stain, nor echo.

Don't remember your troubles. Let them fly as swiftly and silently as a

weaver's thread; view them safely, perchance they were sent to break the rapid

flow of selfconceit's river.

Don't review your troubles, the years wing swiftly. Take your petty

cares and annoyances gracefully; they are absolutely necessary to make life's

fair pattern rarer in design than it possibly could be if skies were always blue and cloudless.

'San Diego, California DOROTHY C. R.ETSLOFF

"Religion gives man courage. I mean the higher moral courage which

can look danger in the face unawed and undismayed; the courage that can encounter loss of ease, of wealth, of friends, of your own good name; the courage

that can face a world full of howling and of of loathing and of scorn—aye,

hate; can see all this with a smile, and, suffering it all, can still toil on, conscious of the result, yet fearless still."Theodore Parker.

Interview with Seaman Maurice Howe

By Glen Perrins rHE Vestris sea tragedy, in which 114 persons lost their lives, might have been averted had the English ship observed the regular routine aboard American ships, according toT

Maurice Howe, Ogden newspaperman, who recently returned from a voyage to South America.

Proper precaution for the saving of lives in case of shipwreck, in contrast to what seems to have been a display of inefficiency, is set forth by Mr. Howe, who pays high tribute to the safety rules of

American ships.

In describing the manner in which life boats are handled at sea, the general rules and regulations prescribed by the board of supervising inspectors, ocean and coastwise, the following is listed as equipment for life boats by U. S. government:

A properly secured life line the entire length on each side.

One painter of manila rope.

A full complement of oars and two spare oars.

One set and a half of thole pins or rowlocks. One steering

oar with rowlock and one rudder with tiller or yoke.

One boat hook attached to a staff of suitable length.

Two life preservers.

Two helmets.

One galvanizediron bucket with lanyard attached.

One bailer.

One efficient liquid compass.

One lantern containing sufficient oil to burn at least nine hours and ready for instant use.

One can containing one gallon of illuminating oil.

One box of friction matches wrapped in a waterproof package and carried in a box secured to the underside of boat.

A wooden breaker or suitable tank fitted with siphon, pump or spigot for drawing water, and containing at least one quart of water for each person.

Two enameled drinking cups.

A watertight receptacle containing two pounds of provisions for each person. These provisions may be hard bread or U. S. army

emergency ration of cereal or vegetable compound apration—any

proved or used by the armyor navy, but no ration of meat or any ration requiring saline preservative allowed.

190 IMPROVEMENT ERA One canvas bag, containing sailmakers'palm and needles, sail twine, marline, and marline spike.

A watertight metal case containing twelve selfigniting red lights capable of burning at least two minutes.

A sea anchor.

A vessel containing gallon of vegetable or animal oil, so constructed that oil can be easily distributed on the water and so arranged that it can be attached to the anchor.

A mast or masts with one good sail at least.

All loose equipment must be securely attached to boat.

Life boats of less than 180 cubic feet capacity on pleasure steamers are not required to be thus equipped.

With the foregoing general rules set down by the U. S. government, and being strictly observed, sea tragedies may be averted.

Howe tells of lifeboat drill, as follows:

Clang! goes the ship's bells and "whooooo"goes the ship's

whistle as the alarm is given to stand by and prepare to lower the life boats. The members of the crew rush to their accustomed positions, each to his assigned the orders given by the task,—fulfilling

captain, mates and other officers aboard the vessel. The gripes are

loosened, the boats are swung out on the davits and lowered. A

signal is given and the boats are returned to their positions on deck.

All is completed quickly and in an orderly manner.

Such a scene is part of the regular routine abroad American offshore ships and is required by the safety laws governing U. S.

merchant marine. And no one knows when the weekly lifeboat

drill aboard ship may suddenly become the real thing. When actual

emergency conditions supplant mere practice and rigid discipline must prevent confusion, calm heads and steady hands must prevent loss of life.

The recent tragedy of the freight and passenger steamer

Vestris, sinking in the Atlantic ocean with a loss of 114 lives, brings to attention the helplessness of persons inexperienced in danger, coupled with a lack of discipline, lack of leadership and lack of proper equipment.

American ships operate under the strictest laws pertaining to safety of any nation in the world, and failure to comply will bring penalties for the master and the owners.

The boats were swung out. Everything was observed to see

if they were in good working order as a precaution against emergency.

The boats swung back. No confusion, no disorder. Each man

trained to his duty.

There were life preservers in every stateroom and in the forecastle where the seamen slept. The life preservers must be inspected

INTERVIEW WITH SEAMAN MAURICE HOWE 191

each year to see if they are in good condition. Most life preservers

are made of blocks of cork or other light material, sewed into a sort of canvas jacket that can be strapped around the body. The

life buoys, shaped like an automobile tire, usually seen fastened to the rails along the decks, are painted white and have a can attached to them containing a chemical. Thiswill ignite and burn as a flare

as soon as it touches the water. In case a man falls overboard at

night or in foggy weather, someone may throw him a life buoy for him to cling to. The flare will burn and enable him to be found after

the ship is stopped and a boat lowered. Since the sea all looks

alike, it would be impossible to locate the man in the darkness without the aid of the light. The same holds true in case of shipwreck. The chemical in the cans will burn for several hours and

passing steamers can trace the survivors by means of the glimmering flares.

On American ships engaged in offshore trade the crews are made up of a certain number of A. B. seamen and ordinary seamen.

Ordinary seamen get about $40 and their "mess"per month. The

A. B. seamen, also known as ablebodied seamen, get about $55

and "mess."The ablebodied seamen must have had at least two

years'experience and a lifeboat certificate, or one year's experience with an examination and a certificate.

Lifeboat certificates are issued by officers of the coast guard to seamen who have had experience in handling life boats and their equipment, and on passing the examination at the coast guard station they are given a certificate of their proficiency.

Efficiency is the watchword aboard American ships as contrasted with inefficiency of the illfated Vestas. If the officers

really did fail to maintain discipline, they were at fault; if the captain

really did fail to send for aid when aid was needed twentyfour hours before the ship sank, he was at fault; if the demoralized and untrained crew rowed away in the boats leaving helpless people to

drown, they all, officers and men, committed one of the gravest offenses against the law of the sea. Rather they should have died

to the last man than to have refused aid to the passengers. Rather

should the officers have held the crew in control, if need be at gun point, than to allow them to abandon women and children to the waves.

One wonders what the captain of the Vestris could tell about the matter. An SOS message sent in time might have saved every

life. The law of the sea demands that a distress signal be heeded

by all vessels within range.

Most distressing are the stories told by the survivors of the rotten lines and ropes, casks filled with salt water instead of fresh.

192 IMPROVEMENT ERA

rusted match and rocket boxes, rotten boat material and unskilled seamen.

On most American ships making long cruises the life boats are inspected and painted each voyage. If one is found defective it is

repaired at once. The United States rules are very strict regarding

the construction and buoyancy of life boats. Each one is equipped

with watertight airfloats that will keep it afloat even though it is full of water. New ropes or "falls"replace those showing the slightest signs of decay. The blocks (pulleys) are tested. The food and

water and other supplies are renewed.

Foreign ships, of course, operate under the safety laws of their respective flags. For example, boilers in the enginerooms of Ameriican vessels must be inspected at regular intervals. This requires

that the fires be drawn and the boilers cooled. This subjects them to

a terrific and uneven strain. But the ships of other nations can

come into port and have their boilers tested while they are still hot!

The equipment on ships is usually stenciled with the name of the vessel and especially all lifeboat equipment. Then, in case

of a wreck, the finding of some floating objects will identify the ship.

The Lamport and Holt line which owned the Vestris has a number of ships engaged in South American trade. Most of them

run between New York and Montevideo and Buenos Aires, on the

River Plate. The Vestris was in South America during the

time the West Nilus was there and one of the passengers who went to Argentina aboard the Vestris decided to come back to the United States on an American vessel. She was Mrs. R. L.

Selleck of Santa Monica, California. She came aboard the S. S.

West Nilus, while it was lying at anchor in the Rio Parana at

San Pedro, Argentina, June 22, and came back to the States with us, arriving at Los Angeles, August 9, this year. While the West

Nilus is primarily a freight steamer, with a capacity of over six thousand tons of cargo, it also has accommodation for ten passengers.

Each passenger was assigned to a certain life boat. The members of the crew and the officers are assigned to various boats, so

that there are men in each that understand seamanship and can handle the boat properly. There was at least one navigating officer assigned

to each life boat, and each was equipped with a sea anchor. This

is a conical piece of canvas fastened to a length of "line"in the stern of the boat. It acts as a drag and thus keeps the boat headed into

the waves and keeps it from capsizing in the troughs of the sea.

The sea anchor may contain a small can of oil that will spread over the water. Each life boat is equipped with a gallon or so of oil.

This may be poured on the water in rough weather and will keep

INTERVIEW WITH SEAMAN MAURICE HOWE 193

the waves from "breaking"and thus swamping the boat with its human cargo.

In the forward end of the boat is a "painter."a coil of about

sixty feet of twoinch rope, which is made fast to the rail of the ship when the boat is lowered to keep it alongside the vessel. When

the boat has reached the water a person in the boat can pull a small lever which operates the automatic release device. This latter releases

both "falls."or lowering ropes, at the same time so that one end

is not tipped up as would be the case if the ropes were not freed at the same instant.

Before the boat leaves the deck the canvas cover and its supporting "strongback"is removed. A moment is devoted to glancing

at the stores and equipment to see that all is in good order, the "gripes"are released, the "chocks"removed, then following the order the boat is lowered away.

American sea laws require that life boats be of certain length and breadth and of certain materials, and of nonsinkable construction. Along the inside of the boat are air tanks for buoyancy. There

must be enough boats to accommodate all the persons aboard the vessel, and they must be equipped with a number of articles fixed by the regulations governing safety devices. These include the following: A full set of oars and two extra, small mast and sail, twine,

needles, sailor's "palm,"hatchet, lantern, rockets, waterproof matches, compass, a life line and floaters, storm oil, fuel oil, two drinking cups, a quart of water and two pounds of hard tack for each person, canvas, a knife, etc. Thus there are provisions to sustain life

and equipment which would enable the occupants to make their way towards land or another ship.

In a case where a ship comes to the rescue of another and the seas are running high a line may be literally "shot"from a small cannon to the ship and "breeches buoy"rigged up. This is a sort

of chair or swing attached to the line from one ship to the other and one by one the people are transferred to safety.

Whatever the cause of the Vestris wreck and whatever blame will be attached to those in charge, it will always be a blot on the records of British shipping. It appears strange that 154 out of 199

members of the crew should be saved while only 60 out of 129 passengers are now is. more than 77% of the crew and alive—that

less than 47% of the passengers were saved. But considering the

panic, the apparent lack of leadership, the mountainous waves and the difficulty of launching poorly equipped boats down the side of a listing ship, we must withhold judgment until the facts are brought out.

Ogden, Utah

The Joseph Smith Memorial Farm

By Its Manager, Angus J. Cannon

average January temperature is 17 degrees in the hillyTHEsections of Vermont. This means that the thermometer often

falls far below zero, not infrequently reaching 40 degrees below. This intense cold, together with the deep snows that drift and

fill in the roads and hollows, Iwould help to drive a less resolute and hardy race out of the country. But history tells us that neither

the elements nor King George's redcoats, even with the help of the

Indians, could conquer them. With dauntless courage they waged

independent war against England during the war of the Revolution and in the end wanted to conclude a separate peace treaty with their recent enemy.

From this stock Joseph Smith as independent and came—juststurdy in his work as were the Green Mountain Boys of Revoluntionary fame.

When Champlain first saw the Green Mountains, he called them

Verts Monts. Later when the constitutional convention met in the

old Constitution house, now used as a very attractive tea room, in Windsor, Windsor county, the state was given the name of Vermont, from the French Verts Monts, meaning green mountains.

Even in this day of modern conveniences, such as the telephone, electric lights, radio and the auto, winter life on the hill farms of

Vermont leaves much to be desired. The farms are very much isolated, not always because of great distances between them, but

rather because of the hilly, wooded character of the country, which makes neighborly communication quite difficult, and after the frequent heavy snow storms the hardy people of the back hill farms are hard put to keep their roads open.

On such a farm, far back in beautiful hills, and about three miles from what is now the charming little village of South Royalton, Joseph Smith was born on the 23d day of December, 1805.

It is rather hard, 123 years after that important event, to picture the primitive conditions surrounding people of the time, but though we know something of those hill farms today, and are acquainted with some of the modern conveniences enjoyed on the more favored of these farms, it is possible to realize something of the hardships of that time. Where and how did thev send for a doctor? The

nearest villages, Sharon, Tunbridge and Royalton, were miles away and, even if a doctor could be found, were the roads open? What

kind of a home did they have? Probably a very poor one. even for

196 IMPROVEMENT ERA

that early time. They lived on a rented from Lucy farm—rented

Mack's parents, Solomon and Lydia Mack. We think there must

have been a large, open fireplace in the house, because the hearthstone has been saved from the ruins of the old home, and this hearthstone naturally has a place of honor in the cottage built on the site of the original dwelling. And another interesting part of that home is the

old well, still to be seen some distance below the cottage, a vivid reminder of the toil connected with living in the olden days, when even water, that most important article in our lives, could not be had without much hardship.

We can imagine that the surroundings were, in a wild way, beautiful and attractive then, even as they are now. Mount Patriarch,

thickly covered with white and yellow birch, rock maple, ash and other trees, is a wonderful background, being one of the highest hills in that hilly neighborhood, while on the north the old sugar groves have for many, many years given forth the sweet sap from which delicious maple syrup and sugar are made, and on the northwest near the cottage is that charming bit of wildwood named after the Prophet's sister, Sophronia, and now called Sophronia's Glen.

This is filled with maple, ash, birch and other trees. On the south,

about a furlong away, is another sugar grove hill. So the cottage and

grounds are pretty well shut in, and all else shut out. Beautiful!

Yes, and romantic, with no other dwelling in sight. The solitude

and the stillness are almost oppressive at times in winter. But what

a wonderful place for meditation and prayer! Today it is a most

delightful place in the summer, and thousands visit there each season.

The grounds are well laid out and the cottage is attractive. It is

a whitepainted frame building and makes a pleasing picture in the centre of the lawns. Hundreds of visitors express surprise in finding

such a beautiful place far up in the hills away from everywhere, and one lady expressed the views of a large crowd of visitors when she wrote in the guest book, 'We are proud that the 'Mormons'have such an appreciation of the beautiful."Perhaps she and her friends

had been of the opinion that the "Mormons"have no love of beauty.

This is just one case of the many hundreds in which persons leave there with a better idea of this people's worth.

Another incident: One day the reception room of the cottage

was filled with visitors composed of two or more different groups.

Sometimes, as was the case that day, these different groups will not mix well, and it is more or less difficult to interest them. Well,

this day of which we are writing, one of the groups was made up of theatrical people, some of whom had been several times in Salt

Lake. The other group seemed critical, and passed almost slighting

remarks on some of our statements. However, one of them after readTHE JOSEPH SMITH MEMORIAL FARM 197

ing the "Articles of Faith"said, "Well, if the 'Mormons'believe that, they must be a broadminded people."One of the actors took the

conversation away from the guide by saying, "Broadminded! Why

the 'Mormons'are as broadminded as the streets of Salt Lake are wide."But though the grounds and surroundings are attractive and form a harmonious setting for the cottage, they are the least important part of the Joseph Smith Memorial Home, or Farm as it is more often called. The big drawing card, of course, is the Monument erected by the Church in 1905, under the direction of Elder

Junius F. Wells.

In this connection we should pause long enough to pay a slight but well deserved tribute to Brother Wells for the work he did in obtaining title to the old Mack farm, in planning the Monument and selecting the almost flawless block of granite from which the thirtyeight and a halffoot shaft is cut, watching every bit of the work from the quarrying, polishing and the transportation of the one hundred tons of granite forming the base and the shaft of the Monument by rail and over bad roads that had to be planked every foot of the way with heavy hardwood planks, until the shaft rested on its base, a few feet from the cottage. Then when the

crowd, that had gathered to watch the hoisting of the shaft into place, started to cheer, Brother Wells stopped them and, kneeling before the wonderful shaft, thanked the Lord for the consummation of his efforts. But Brother Wells did much more than direct

all this. He did a work for which he was peculiarly adapted in

breaking down the spirit of opposition and hate, and by his charming personality he won the friendship of many, not for himself alone, but for the Church and our people. I use the word "charming,"for that expression has been used more than once in my

hearing by visitors speaking of him.

The shaft itself, as has been mentioned, is thirtyeight and a- half feet foot for every year of the Prophet's life. It is a long—a

splendid piece of nearly flawless, we are told, as one could granite—as

find in any quarry. One expert, after carefully looking over the

Monument, made the statement that, outside of Barre, Vermont, he did not know any granite field where such a perfect shaft of that length could be quarried. And a Barre man later told us that even

Barre could not produce such another shaft. The people there

are very proud of the Joseph Smith Monument.

It may be of interest to the readers to know that many of our visitors call on us again, often bringing friends with them. Naturally they usually come to see the Monument rather than to learn

of Joseph Smith's great mission. Still, many listen to our story of

198 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the work he was instrumental in starting, and we feel confident that they leave with a better impression of the Church and her people than they had before visiting that sacred place.

The good that is done there cannot be measured in dollars and cents, nor can one estimate it with any degree of accuracy. One day

it was noticed that visitors had come to the place from England and from at least five different states. This may or may not have

been an exceptional day. They come from Florida and California,

as well as from Vermont and New Hampshire, and leave the place with the feeling that they have visited a great American shrine.

Repentance

I wandered through green fields at home,

And found a bird, so young, alone;

With childish glee I seized it tight,

And made a cage for it that night.

Next day I found it lying dead

The body cold, the spirit fled.

My bitter tears were all in vain;

Its life I could not give again.

A wanderer I grew to be, The laws of God were naught to me.

I met a boy, so young, who plead

For help from me, a crust of bread.

I helped him not. Next day I found

His body cold upon the ground.

My pleadings, then, were all in vain,

I could not call him back again.

Last night in dreams I thought I went

To meet my Maker, him who sent

Me here to earn a rich reward,

To do his will and keep his word.

He gave me just what I had earned,

A punishment that seared and burned.

And though I cried in bitter pain,

My life I could not live again.

Heavenly Father, hear my plea!

Guide me, a sinner, back to thee,

And of thy love let me partake.

In Jesus-'name and for his sake.

Vancouver, B. C. WILLIAM SYKES

Relative of Nancy Hanks A Carries On By Professor H. R. Merrill

in MET him the other day his town. With home

up, his I headmy markhard hat ing him as different among all the men on the street, the stubs of his arms shoved well into his coat knew that he pockets—I

had no face gleamhands,—his

ing in the autumn sunshine, radiating light and optimism although I knew that behind his large, smoked glasses there were no seeing eyes, he was walking along a crowded street unattended. After our conversation,

which lasted a few moments, I let him pass on unassisted chiefly because his optimism and his assurance convinced me that he needed none.

I had met Nymphas Coridon Hanks, Cory Hanks, as he is called up and down his own N. C. Hanks, on Campus of the Brigham is known and Young University, where He Was a state, where he

Student TwentyFive Years Ago loved, many years before when he came to our high school without eyes, without hands and had given one of his inspiring talks. 1 had met him a number of times

since, and I had read Up From The Hills, the book in which he tells his story, but I had never really had an intimate conversation with him. This time I was determined to know this wonder man a bit

better; therefore, I hailed him.

"Good morning, brother,"he replied as he held out his right arm for me to clasp.

I gave him my name. From his response I knew that his alert

mind had jumped back through the years from one of our several meetings to another. He invited me to call upon him at the hotel,

an invitation which I lost no time in accepting.

For exactly a quarter of a century this man has walked up and 200 IMPROVEMENT ERA down the world in darkness, but beholding the light; without hands,

but grasping many of the finer things of life with a firmness denied him in earlier manhood.

Twentyfive years ago, in other words, in the fall of 1903,

N. C. Hanks was a youthful, vigorous miner to whom the world

looked unusually beautiful. He and his friend were working a mine

on the western slope of Mt. Nebo, thirty miles southwest of Provo.

It was November and the November sun made the mountain and the checkered valley below a paradise of color.

About 11:30 of a sunny day, N. C. Hanks walked from

the cabin to a point near a huge rock where he took in his hands a box containing 100 XXX California giantpowder caps which had been standing directly in the hot, November sunshine. The

box was hot. Young Hanks, as he held it between his two strong

hands, shook it slightly.

A roar rocked the canyon as the caps exploded, each of the hundred being guaranteed to exert power of 300 pounds. In other

words, thirty thousand pounds or fifteen tons of power were suddenly turned loose between those two strong hands.

Hanks was thrown back fifteen or twenty feet, but was not knocked unconscious. Both hands were blown off and his eyes

were shattered. In his book, Up From The Hills, he describes his

experiences.

"I found myself lying on the rocks about fifteen feet from where the explosion occurred,"he says. "I immediately rolled over

and stood up calm, sane, and collected. My hands were gone, my

eyes were blind. Darkness loomed. The blood streamed. Where

my left hand should have been, sharp bones protruded as I raised it to my face. The wreck of my right hand was even worse, mashed

like sausage. I was not in extreme pain. My face was smarting

as if I had been hit with a handful of gravel, my clothes were torn and burned; in fact, most of them were gone. My body was bruised

and cut, and flying particles of copper had played havoc with my eyes. My partner wept and beat his head.

"From that minute on, down, down I sped, worse and worse, until it seemed that I would die. It began with a walk up the trail

to the cabin door. The seat on the bed was a welcome place; the

fire was made by my partner and the examination began. He

opened my right eye with his thumb and finger.

"'My God,'he said, 'that one is gone.'

"The left eye was next in turn. He opened it wide. 'Can't

you see? That one looks good.'

'You are not lying to me,'said I. 'Look here, old man, if that

one is gone I want you to tell me, and right here is where I will take my medicine.'

A RELATIVE OF NANCY HANKS CARRIES ON 201

'No, I'm not lying, I can't see where that one is hurt at all.'

"'Is it worth a chance?'

"'Yes.'"Then we had better tie it up and stop the blood, or this "will soon be all over.'

Through that conversation shows the grit of the man. The

details of that awful experience are told elsewhere. Of the waiting

from 11:30 until after dark for his companion to return with the

doctor, of the remaining over night in the little cabin, of the long trip in a wagon down the canyon, of the railroad ride the following day to the hospital, and then of the struggle after the operation all are told graphically and well. But in it all there is no whining

at this: "Until my dying day I shall thank the Almighty fate—justCreator for the last glorious look over the mountains and cliffs."

For twentyfive in darkness, many times more awful years—all

than mere physical C. Hanks has been like that: thankdarkness—N.

ing God for the bright spots in his life and never complaining at the dark ones.

Blind and without hands this man set out to build a new life. It was difficult and trying, but in his veins was blood that had

overcome. He has delivered to young and old 5,654 lectures in all

parts of the United States, Canada, Mexico, and the Hawaiian islands. He has crossed the continent 34 times, has visited Mexico

four times, and Canada fourteen times, always revealing the silver lining, never the dark clouds which must, in spite of him, hover thick and black at times.

He is the grandson of Eph Hanks, famous in the annals of the

Utah pioneers and a cousin of Nancy Hanks, mother of Abraham

Lincoln. Cory relates the experiences of his grandfather with pride.

He got much of his information from one Tom Dobson, who knew old Eph well. "Eph never stuck,"said Dobson, "when there was

anything to do he did it."There's the blood which makes a man

out of a fragment. But on the opposite side N. C. Hanks had blood

equally determined. From his grandfather. Nymphas Murdock, he

gets his first given name and along with it much of the Murdock grit.

N. C. Hanks is in his fortysixth year, but he is looking young.

His determined optimism has driven back the years. He looks to

be thirtyfive. As he stands before an audience with face uplifted,

one can almost sense the flash of the sightless eyes behind the smoked glasses and can feel that here is a Westerner; for his grit, his quiet

acceptance of fate, his determination, his fine optimism, his keen appreciation of friendships make him more like the Westerner is thought to be than any finely drawn hero of fiction.

The Jewish State in Palestine By H. C. Singer

the crushing defeat the Jews suffered at the handsDESPITE of the Romans under Titus in the year A. D. 70, the hope

of a restoration to an independent state did not die. For

about two generations after the destruction of the temple, rebellion broke out among the Jews in the eastern dominions under Roman rule. Finally, under Barcochba in 133 A. D., one more concerted

effort was made to establish Jewish independence, which culminated in the crushing defeat two years later, in the month of Ab, at the siege of Bither, in Palestine; Barcochba was slain and over half a

million followers lost their lives in the revolt that did not die out until all had fallen.

The hope of restoration did not die for generations, but the impossibility of reconquest became manifest as the years went on, and the Jewish people consoled themselves, over the loss of the national independence, by faith in their ultimate redemption through special divine intercession. Being, as they believed, the recipients of

divine favor through having been chosen as a medium of revelation to the world, the return to Palestine and the setting up of a national independence seemed to them a prerequisite.

As time passed and the Roman went, their lot became harder under the Persian, and later under the Arabs who had been raiding from the desert. Finally the Byzantine army, which at this time,

640 A. D., had assumed control over Palestine, was destroyed by the

Arabs and the country over run by the hordes under the Caliph

Omar. Later the heel of the Egyptian trampled over the roads made

sacred by the pilgrimages of the faithful, and despite the attempts made by the Byzantine emperors again to repossess the land, it remained under the Egyptian masters until disputed by the Turkish adventurers who filtered in from the north and east.

The profanation of the sacred places of Palestine and the closing of the roads to the pilgrims set Christendom aflame and contributed to the launching of the Crusades. Because of the success

of the early Crusades and the organization of Palestine into Latin states the country flourished as it had not done for many generations.

By 1 189 A. D., however, the last of the Latin states had succumbed

to the invasions of their Moslem neighbors and a strong foothold in Palestine was not again established by the Christian kingdoms till many centuries had passed. Under treaty, however, in 1229,

Jerusalem and several neighboring cities were restored to Christian

THE JEWISH STATE IN PALESTINE 203

keeping, but less than twenty years later the Tartar hordes sacked and invaded Jerusalem, and Acre in 1291, the last stronghold of the

Crusaders, was captured by the Egyptians, who had overcome the

Mongols on the Plain of Esdraelon fifteen years previously, and the

Latins vanished from the scene.

After about a hundred years of comparative tranquility the

Tartar menace reappeared in the person of Tamerlane, who withdrew, however, after contenting himself with fighting on the borders of Palestine but not invading it. The year 1516, brought other

taskmasters, the Ottoman Turks, who were destined to remain masters till the days of restoration of Palestine should have begun.

They made no attempt at colonizing or administering the land, and the history of Palestine for the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries resolved itself into perpetual warfare between local chieftains. The

abortive campaign of Napoleon in 1799 had the effect of compelling the Turks to reassert themselves in the administration of Palestine, but rebellion gave the Egyptians the opportunity they had been seeking, and they became masters of the land for a decade. Harsh

and stern as was the Egyptian rule, it gave Palestine some semblance of order, and when the Turks again returned to Palestine in 1840, under the support of European powers, the country had left the

Middle Ages behind forever.

Still Palestine had no political history save that afforded by the rivalries of the Greek and Latin churches, which were among the immediate causes of the Crimean war and furnished a basis for international politics with the Levant for years to come. Under the

Young Turks'regime the reforms promised in Palestine were little more than a dead letter, although in the closing years of the Turkish rule there were signs of economic progress through the growth of the ports of Jaffa and Haifa, the building of roads and railways and the influx of Jewish and European settlers prior to the Great War.

Out from a new land, from among a strange and peculiar people, a people harrassed and persecuted as the Jews of the world, went a prophet of the Lord carrying into the land of a despised people a promise and a blessing. The seeds of adversity bring forth flowers

of humility and the fruit thereof is love. From despised Israel in

America, known as the Latterday Saints, or "Mormons,"went the message of love, and hope, and prayers for the Jews scattered abroad awaiting the gathering that was to come in the due time of the Lord.

Set apart at general conference in Nauvoo. on April 6, 1840,

Orson Hyde was appointed to take a mission to Palestine to dedicate the land for the return of the Jews. On April 15, Elder Hyde left

Nauvoo and journeyed to New York where he spent some time among the Jews of that city. After many trials and difficulties, Elder

204 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Hyde, a modern apostle of the Lord, arrived in Palestine, and early on Sunday morning, October 24, 1841, ascended the Mount of

Olives overlooking Jerusalem and dedicated the land of Palestine for the gathering of the Jews. As was the custom in the days of old, to

erect a pile of stone as a witness, so did Elder Orson Hyde on the

Mount of Olives and again on Mount Moriah where the glorious temple of old had stood. He prayed that scattered Judah might again

be assembled, for the building of Jerusalem so long trodden down by the Gentiles and the erecting once again of a temple to the Lord. He

prayed that the curse of barrenness and sterility might be removed from the land; that springs of living water might break forth to

water its thirsty soil; that the vine and olive and fig tree might again

bloom and flourish; that the clouds might distil virtue and richness,

and the fields smile with plenty. "And let thy great kindness conquer and subdue the unbelief of thy people,"he prayed. "Do thou

take from them their stony heart, and give them a heart of flesh;

and may the sun of thy favor dispel the cold mists of darkness that have so long beclouded their atmosphere. Incline them to gather in

upon this land according to thy word. Let them come like clouds

and like doves to their windows. Let the ships of the nations bring

them from the distant isles; and let kings become their nursing fathers, and queens with motherly fondness wipe the tear of sorrow

from their eye."

All Europe was stirred in 1895, with the trial of Captain

Dreyfus, a French army officer, on charge of espionage in the French army. To Paris was sent a young Jewish reporter from Austria, by

the name of Theodor Herzl. He was a doctor of laws, a clever

journalist, and a successful playwright, already launched on a brilliant literary career. He saw in Captain Dreyfus, the defendant in

that trial, a symbol of the Jewish people who had been the victims of political and religious persecution, of social injustice and outrage throughout all the Christian centuries.

In Theodor Herzl's mind was formed an idea born of a reaction against Jewish hatred and persecution, more particularly against that form of it which has come to be known as antiSemitism.

In a Paris hotel during those days of the trial he wrote a pamphlet, wherein he offered what he thought to be a solution to the Jewish problem, and called his pamphlet "The Jewish State,"and based his call to the Jews of the world on the premise, "We are a people, intelone people."Being a man of unusuallv fine sensibilities and

lectual courage he thought the problem out to its inevitable conclusion; a Jewish state for the Jewish people. Such was the modern

starting point of the Zionist Movement.

Herzl was by no means the first to conceive a plan for the reTHE JEWISH STATE IN PALESTINE 205

establishing of a Jewish state. Napoleon had conceived it as part of

his great political scheme to control the Mediterranean Basin, and had his plan been attended with success, a Jewish state would have arisen in the east under the protection of the French flag. This

solution to the problem at once suggests a great danger. The life

of a Jewish state established by one great power would depend upon the. ability of the creator to protect it. Instead of the realization of

their hopes, through long centuries, of an independent national state, it might prove nothing more than a pitiable incident in the drama of

Israel in exile. Napoleon was not the only theorist to dream of a

national Jewish state, although he undoubtedly was animated by more than altruistic impulse. Warden Cresson of Philadelphia

planned on paper a reconstructed state and later, in 1844. went to

Jerusalem to act as United States Consul there, where he became a convert to Judaism and wrote considerable on the Jewish problem.

Both Jew and Gentile alike called upon the Jews to restore their national life, and upon the rest of the world to aid them; Joseph

Salvador, a French Jew, early in the nineteenth century; Hollingsworth, an Englishman, in 1852; Moses Hess, a German socialist

and philosopher, in 1862; and George Elliot in her great novel,

Daniel Deronda, in 1876. But from the ranks of Judaism was

heard the great clarion note in 1860. when Hirsch Kalisher, an

Orthodox Rabbi, wrote advocating the colonization of Palestine, and declaring that the Messianic ideal is not incompatible with human labor and sacrifice.

The movement to colonize Palestine took root. The first

modern settlement was established in 1876, by the International Association of the Alliance Israelite, which founded an agricultural school, known as Mikweh Israel (the gathering of Israel) a few miles out of Jaffa. Two years later pioneers from Russia started a

colony in the plain north of Jaffa, and named it the "Gate of Hope."

It was, indeed, to be rather the gate of death to some of the pioneers;

Baron Edmond de Rothschild became interested in them and sent assistance and also rendered financial aid to all the Jewish settlements springing up in the country. There were not, according to available

statistics, more than three thousand Jews in Palestine at the commencement of the nineteenth century, and practically all of them were living in the four socalled holy cities. Jerusalem. Hebron. Tiberias

and Safed. These were descendants of Jews who had been exiled

from Spain and Portugal in the fifteenth century and were joined by pious mystics of Poland and Russia. Settling in the cities and living

on the charitable gifts of their brethren scattered throughout the world, they cannot be said to have had much influence on the problem of resettlement. By the late eighties of the nineteenth century, how206 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ever, some half a dozen colonies had been centered around Jaffa, and another group in the northern part of the Plain of Sharon and on the lower spurs of the ridge of Carmel and another in the valleys and highlands of Galilee. By the outbreak of the war there were

fortysix Jewish agricultural colonies established in Palestine throughout Judea, Samaria, Galilee and even on the eastern side of the Jordan, largely assisted by Baron Rothschild and the Jewish

Colonization Association.

Throughout the years that had followed Theodor Herzl's first article on the Jewish state question, there had come to be a vast interest in the reestablishment of the Jewish colony. Following swiftly

on the issue of his phamphlet in 1895, he appeared at Basel, in

Switzerland, in the August of 1897, at a Congress of Jews and under his presidency, and, for the first time, laid before the world a public petition of rights for which was asked international sanction. The

great basic declaration of this Congress was that the object of Zionism is the creation for the Jewish people of a home in Palestine secured by public international law, and from this declaration Zionism has never swerved.

Expressions of good will were at once shown by many of the leading writers and diplomats of the world; foremost among them,

Herzl received offers from the British government. Expressions of

good feeling were given by the Sultan Abdul Hamid, the King of

Italy, the Pope, and William II of Germany and from Von Plehve the Czar's minister. From the British government, however, came

two distinct offers of land; one in October in 1902, of a section in

the Sinai Peninsula, bordering on Palestine; the other in 1903, of a

large tract in East Africa with guarantees of local autonomy. The

first offer was found impracticable owing to the dearth of water in the territory in question. The second, however, created a crisis in

the history of Zionism. It brought to grips those who held that

Palestine alone was the Zionist objective and those who were willing to establish a national home in any part of the world. Despite the

unfavorable report of the commission who investigated the land in East Africa, those who held to the latter view seceded from the

Zionist movement under Israel Zangwill and did not again join forces until the days of the reestablishment of Palestine had begun.

Theodor Herzl, the great leader, died in 1904, having first organized the Zionist movement in every quarter of the globe even to clubs in Rhodesia and Manchuria. He was a man of imposing

personality and those associated with him say he had no reason to ask for either obedience and leadership, the people knew it was his and gave it to him. In Jerusalem, after seeing the German Emperor,

he stood on the tower of David, and looked toward the south and

THE JEWISH STATE IN PALESTINE 207

west toward Egypt, where the British held their protectorate, and he is said to have uttered:

"From that direction, and only from that direction, in the end, will come the redemption of Israel."

Though he died, Zionism was not lacking in leaders and when the time was ripe they moved with a sagacity that could only have had its inspiration from a divine source.

The late Sultan Abdul Hamid was not unfavorable to the plan proposed to him by Dr. Theodor Herzl, and he granted a charter

to the Jews of Palestine, giving them local selfgovernment upon their paying a certain sum in cash into the Turkish treasury and a definite annual tribute thereafter. The Zionists could not raise the

money and the plan fell through. The attitude of Turkey had been

a vacillating one, torn by the desires of Germany towards the Jews on the one side, and Austria on the other; both nations had conflicting views on many points touching the Jews in Palestine and Turkey,

and their own particular interests.

It has been said that Herzl was the Moses of Zionism, and

Chaim Weizman the Joshua of the new return. The latter is a

British subject, but was born in Russia, and has studied in Vienna.

He went to England and taught chemistry at the University of Manchester, advocating the principles of Zionism at every opportunity.

Meeting Mr. Arthur Balfour he talked to him of Zionism and the

former, liking him, introduced him to men of power and place. Then

came the Great War.

Chaim Weizman was a great scientist. The British needed a

certain chemical for their munitions, and Weizman supplied it;

so successful was he that the British Admiralty called him to London to work in their chemical laboratories. To the head of the Admiralty came Mr. Arthur Balfour. So pleased were the British

authorities with his efforts that they granted him a special fund of money to make him financially independent. All the while Chaim

Weizman continued to talk Zionism to new people with power and at the same time with added prestige to himself. In the year 1916,

there was a new Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs in the British

Government, and the new secretary was Mr. Arthur James Balfour.

The entry of Turkey into the Great War led to the invasion of Palestine by the British forces. Attacking Gaza in March, of

1917, Sir Archibald Murray, commander of the British forces, said:

"What should we do with Palestine liberated from the Turkish grip? There can be no doubt that we should revive the Jewish

Palestine of old."

Such was the first great Zionist declaration of 1917. But it

could not bind the British Government. By the summer of 1917.

208 IMPROVEMENT ERA

General Edmund Allenby had assumed command of the Palestinian

Expeditionary Force and was thrusting northward from Gaza, menacing Jerusalem and striving to cut the Turkish line of communication. His successes had been brilliant and on November 2,

1917, the British Foreign Office through Arthur James Balfour wrote a letter to Lord James Rothschild, vice president of the English

Zionist Federation. That letter will go down as the greatest document in Jewish political life since the year of 70 A. D. Great

Britain, with all her mighty energies strained in a life and death struggle with a colossal military machine, spoke to scattered Israel in words of comfort, hope and in fulfillment of prophecy, as follows:

"His Majesty's Government views with favor the establishment in Palestine of a national home for the Jewish people, and will use their best endeavors to facilitate the achievement of this object, it being clearly understood that nothing shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing nonJewish communities in Palestine or the rights and political status enjoyed by Jews in any other country."

One month later, in December, 1917, Allenby had entered Jerusalem and the Turkish armies were in retreat.

There are few passages in history that surpass the story of

Allenby's brilliant surprise attack on the Turkish positions in the

Plain of Sharon, near the old battlefields of Thothmes and the

Hittites. The story of the British Horsemen charging into Nazareth

in the grey dawn and later galloping with drawn swords through the streets of Damascus pursuing the fleeing Turk, and hearing the cries of Arab and Jew, both sons of Abraham, of deliverance and praise to Jehovah, will furnish stories that shepherds guarding their flocks at night will tell oft and again.

No sooner had the British ensured the safety and order of

Jerusalem than the Zionist executives began to link the interests of their organization in Palestine with those scattered throughout the world and work out the program that had existed in theory during the years of waiting. "When the Lord turned again the captivity of Zion, we were like them that dream."

Following closely on the declaration made by the British government, came those of France. Italy, Serbia and Greece, and later

an expression of sympathy from Pope Benedict 16. Due, however,

to the circumstance that the United States and Turkey, not being formally at war, the United States could not express itself in an official endorsement. But in August, 1918. President Wilson wrote

Dr. Stephen S. Wise in Palestine expressing the sympathy of the

American people and their satisfaction and interest in the laying of the foundation of the Hebrew University in Jerusalem.

The consummation of the political recognition desired by the

THE JEWISH STATE IN PALESTINE 209

Zionists came on July 24, 1922, at London, when the League ol

Nations confirmed the Mandate for Palestine and made Great Britain their Mandatory for the Administration of Palestine.

So, in part, has the aim and dream of the modern leaders of

Jewish Israel been fulfilled, who sought to establish her among the nations; and the prayer of Orson Hyde, uttered in October of 1841,

received answer: "Let them come like clouds and like doves to

their windows. Let the large ships of the nations bring them from

the distant isles; and let kings become their nursing fathers, and

queens with motherly fondness wipe the tear of sorrow from their eye."

Lethbridge, Alberta, Canada

Soul Moonbeams

Have you ever sat a-thinking On the lone and languid prairie?

Have you ever slept beneath the hazy sky?

With the chinook sternly sweeping

Its hot waves across the grasses,

Though the modest moon still beaming.

And the northern lights still gleaming,

Have you ever wondered why?

Have you ever felt the smallness

Of yourself beneath such shadows?

Have you ever grasped the triteness of the world?

Have you gazed up into heaven,

As its wide and wondrous bigness

Seized and stilled your groping fingers.

While your heart and thought still lingers

On the universe unfurled?

If you've not, you've missed a blessing;

You have lost a heavenly dower;

For 'tis then you learn to understand your soul;

Knowing then your own creation,

Understand love's law of giving,

Feel the bounteous joy of living,

And the good which gods extol.

Flashes often in the nighttime.

When your heart is gray and grieving,

Lights illusive from the cold and cutting north,

But the ray that keeps on shining

On your dark and windswept prairie,

Through the nighttime of your sorrow,

Till the morn of life's tomorrow,

Are soul moonbeams of your worth.

Lyman, Wyoming LLOYD O. IVIE

Should I Be LawObserving? Why

Prize Oration Delivered at the B. Y. University

By Delbert V. Groberg

thought that I should be lawobserving is inherent in theTHEsubject question. It can well be assumed. It is conceded on

the grounds that as a citizen of the United States of America

I enjoy the rich benefits and protection of its laws and am directly subject to them. It is a duty that I owe to myself to uphold the

laws which give me security and protection. While of course there

are penalties imposed for violation, there is first a personal responsibility and honor which prompt and encourage obedience. This is

effective before fear of punishment directs aright. There is no escape

from honor. It is an ever present reason for living loyal to the

trusts of citizenship, and good citizenship contemplates and embodies the lawabiding life.

There have been times in the history of nations when unjust laws were enacted and proclaimed by imperial edict, then prosecuted by officers not responsible to the people. But those who were instrumental in establishing this union of states in America were actuated

by the spirit of justice to enact such laws as would best promote the general welfare of all citizens. The great, inspired Constitution

was formulated and adopted as an added means to secure the blessings of liberty and the national virtue of domestic tranquility for all who should live under its influence. The laws which have since

been made have been made for the same general purpose for which the nation itself was established.

The spirit with which our statesmen have faced their responsibility of formulating reason and justice into law is impressively expressed by a former member of Congress, Bourke Cockran. He

explains, * * * "The duty of Congress, it seems, is to examine closely the conditions of the country and keep itself constantly informed of everything affecting the common welfare. Whenever a

wrong is found to exist with which the nation can deal more effectively than a state it is the business of Congress to suggest a remedy. * * * The first step is law. legislation,"—providingThe state in its sphere guards the general welfare in the same spirit

with its lawmaking power, and provision. Our system of laws has

grown as national and local needs have required. I do not wish

to evade these laws for they were made for me and for my good, as well as for the general good of all my friends and fellowcitizens.

It is clearly my duty to myself to be in harmony with them.

I BE LAWOBSERVING? 211 WHY SHOULD

This nation has grown in population and power as well as in laws, until now it is a leader among all nations. With pride

I realize our influence among the great powers of the entire world.

I thrill to know the profound importance of this government in relation to international affairs. Our contributions in direction of

world peace have recently attracted the attention of great men and great nations all over the earth. Our general contributions toward

progress have challenged international respect, and have demanded prestige for American people in the minds of the progressive world.

Also to have the honest conviction that, as President Coolidge said in his Armistice Day address, "No citizen of the United States needs apologize to anybody, anywhere, for not having done our duty in defense of the cause of world the value of citizenliberty,"—increases

ship and must thrill every citizen. The world is now marveling

at the obvious manifestation of popular participation of the members of this great democracy in its affairs. The recent election

showed that the will of the people, which is the source of governmental authority in the United States, was expressed by more men and women than ever before in any single election in the history of nations that have engaged in the election of officers and in determining the policies of administration. I need but think of these

things to feel thankful for my membership among this great people under the Stars and Stripes in the land of the free and the brave.

Idle and passive thankfulness can in no way represent my reaction to the numerous advantages I enjoy as a free citizen of this free land. Instead, active appreciation vividly expressed by a wholehearted support to;the principles that have made us great is my

natural if not my expedient response.

I can not receive and enjoy the blessings derived from citizenship and at the same time be engaged in impeding the effective operation of the forces of law that have made and are now making the blessings possible. It is no less than a duty which I owe to my country for

me to cooperate with its principles. This throws me into direct

is thatcontact with the laws that govern. My normal conclusion

I must observe them.

Just as the democracy is dependent upon its members for its power and achievements, so the proper functioning of these laws is dependent upon the people, you and me. If it is a great privilege to

live in the United States now, it is an honor to those noble men itsand noble women who have moulded and upheld its standards, traditions, its laws. If it continues to be a great privilege to live here

then there will be honor for us upon whom the responsibility now rests.

In my action toward the provisions of liberty which character212 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ize America and endear it as a home to its citizens, it is my duty to be constructive. My country is as a consecrated trust to me. It is

handed to me with the stamp of the life work and life blood of those who have made it, clearly imprinted upon it. I must live in it and

pass it on to others. Were I to contribute to internal friction by

law violation I should be accountable for damaging my trust; whereas, by observing its statutes I can strengthen my trust and pass it on

with service rendered. This latter alternative appeals to me, it

seems the better and is reason why I should be lawobserving.

That laws are necessary admits of no doubt. One of the

revelations given to the Prophet Joseph, in contemplation of the immensity of space depths, explains: "There is no space in the

which there is no kingdom and no kingdom in the which there is no law."Could we dare imagine the universe with no laws of

control? Think of planets and planetary systems; the myriads of

stars that bespangle the firmament released from the domain of law.

The immediate "wreck of matter"and "crash of worlds"would reduce the present organized universe into confusion and chaos.

Nor are the laws of our land less important to our national security.

The effective operation of law constitutes our governing power and control and is essential to our national continuity. Nor am I overemphasizing the importance of obeying law when I say it is a fundamental pledge in my religious faith "to honor, obey, and sustain

the law."By observing law I discharge an important duty to myself and to my country. (I also uphold a salutary pledge. Law observance

is the one important practice I can teach which will contribute to the greatness and continuity of the greatest nation on earth, and this,

I am convinced, is most effectively taught by example.

"It is, indeed, right that we should look for, and hasten, so far as in us lies, the coming of the day of God; but not that we should check any human

effort by anticipations of its approach. We shall hasten it best by endeavoring

to work out the tasks that are appointed for us here; and, therefore, reasoning

as if the world were to continue under its existing dispensation, and the powers which have just been granted to us were to be continued through myraids of future ages."Ruskin.

"The greatest man is he who chooses the right with invincible resolution, who resists the sorest temptations from within and without, who bears the heaviest burdens cheerfully, who is calmest in storms and most fearless under menace and frowns, whose reliance on truth, on virtue, on God, is most unfaltering; and is this a greatness which is apt to make a show, or which is mo:t

likely to abound in conspicuous station?"William Ellery Charming.

"There was never yet a truly great man that was not at the same time truly virtuous."Benjamin Franklin.

Lessons from Common Things By Dr. Franklin S. Harris, President of Brigham Young

University

1. WATER which seem to be most wonderful, if observed freTHINGS quently enough, become commonplace. This is probably the

reason why we cease to be awed by some of the objects surrounding us which in reality have remarkable qualities. There are

people who are scarcely conscious of the many things surrounding them, which make up their environment. They are willing to accept

the universe as having come to us by accident, or perhaps they do no speculating as to how it all came about. I wish to have the

reader do a little thinking on the subject by having him look carefully at some of the most common substances which surround us.

Probably no substance enters more into our daily lives than water. At the same time there is nothing which should challenge

our wonder more than this everpresent fluid. Let us investigate this

ordinary, colorless, almost tasteless liquid. In the first place, no life

whatever could exist without it. It is necessary to every living cell.

No part of any animal or plant body could remain alive, nor could it function or grow, without the presence of water. It is Nature's

universal solvent, and it has many properties which make it indisit is for us to drink waterpensable. We all know how necessary

regularly, how it is used as a medium in which to cook food, how it serves to produce crops, to convey commerce, and to serve man in many capacities. Many of us. however, are not acquainted with

some of its other properties which make it particularly valuable in connection with life on the earth.

The property spoken of as specific heat is of great interest.

Water has the ability to absorb more heat in changing one degree of temperature than any other common substance. Ordinary soil

holds only twotenths and iron onetenth as much heat as water;

and for a given volume, water will hold more than 300 times as much heat as air. This property makes water unusually valuable

in preventing rapid climatic changes, and also in regulating the heat of the body. These are so important that it would be very difficult for people to live on the earth if the specific heat of water

were not high.

Then take the property of latent heat. Water at the boiling

itpoint stores up more than five times as much heat in evaporating as requires to change its temperature from freezing to the boiling point.

214 IMPROVEMENT ERA

If it did not have this property of storing large quantities of latent heat we should constantly find ourselves in very serious difficulties.

As soon as water reached the boiling point it would all be evaporated into steam, whereas with its present property the steam makes a great reservoir for heat and thereby keeps the water from all boiling away with explosive rapidity.

Likewise, when a pound of water freezes, it gives off enough latent heat to do the work required in lifting 55 tons to a height of one foot, or conversely when ice melts, that quantity of heat is absorbed. This storage of latent heat in changing from ice to water

and from water to steam is one of the great safety valves of the world. If there were no latent heat of freezing and vaporization

it would probably be impossible for people to live on the earth. As

soon as the temperature of the air reached the freezing point, all the water would immediately become solid. Also, in the spring, as soon

as the temperature of the air rose above the freezing point all the ice would melt at once and there would be terrible floods everywhere.

Another very useful property which water has is what is called its temperature of least expansion. There is a general maxim that

heat expands and cold contracts. This applies to water, along with

other substances, until just before the water reaches the freezing point, when it expands instead of continuing to contract. This

means that ice is lighter than water which is near the freezing point and that ice will therefore float.

If water continued to contract as it became colder, as the other substances do, imagine what might happen. As soon as the freezing

temperature were reached and ice were formed, it would immediately sink to the bottom instead of remaining at the top and more ice would be formed and fall to the bottom. This would result in the

complete freezing of the water in lakes and rivers, killing fish and other aquatic life, diverting rivers from their channels and leaving the ice at the bottom where it would require long periods to melt again. But with this wonderful property which water has, the ice

remains over the surface and protects the remainder of the water from freezing and thereby prevents many disastrous conditions.

If space permitted, we might go on at considerable length discussing vapor tension, surface tension, chemical neutrality, and the other properties of water which make it a substance useful to all theplants and animals. We need but to think of latent heat and

high specific heat of water, as well as its temperature of maximum density, to realize that if water did not have these peculiar and unusual properties it would not be possible for any person to live on the earth.

It is a little difficult to understand how people who have made a

LESSONS FROM COMMON THINGS 215

study of nature, particularly persons who have a scientific turn of mind, can know these things and at the same time believe that the wonderful harmony was brought about by a mere accident of nature.

The more I study nature and go into the properties of matter, and especially some of the very common substances, the more am I led to the conviction that it is preposterous to consider any of these to be merely accidental. Certainly, there must be a great intelligence in

the universe; certainly this intelligence has been operating through

countless ages to discover law and to put into operation laws that make possible life and development on the earth. It seems to me that

the least we, who are favored by the many blessings of the earth, can do is to feel reverence for the Ruler who made possible this harmony.

Only a very egotistical person would fail to be impressed by the fact that even the common things of the world have been planned and are guided by a Master Intelligence.

Winter's Many Blessings Winter many blessings leaves, Though the winds do fiercely blow,

Loudly howling in our hills, Tossing here and there the snow,

Filling up the deep ravines.

It is there reserved in store,

Safely kept for future use, In the hills, God's reservoir.

Though the winter may be long,

It brings blessings manifold, Greater treasure to us all, More so than all mines of gold.

Without frosty, glistening snow,

All our farming would be vain.

It gives water for our crops When in summer we need rain.

Rivulets from melting snow, Rushing over cliffs they run.

Soon they form a mighty stream,

When they gather into one.

Dashing o'er the rocky steeps,

Down the canyon now they pour,

Work of God we surely see In our hills, his reservoir.

Sandy, Utah DAVID ARCHIBM.3

Herbert Hoover By Mary C. Kimball

On August 10, 1874, in a small desire to study science to the visit of

Quaker community in Iowa, there was a friend of his father's. This man,

born to Jesse Clark Hoover and his on his way to investigate a mine, stopwife, Hulda, a baby boy who was to ped off to see the son of his old friend.

become internationally known for his He stayed at a hotel for two or three wonderful service to humanity. Their days and spent as much time with

son was not long to know the loving Herbert as school and chores would care of his parents, for his father died in permit. His talk was chiefly about the

1880 and his mother in 1884. difference between the work and

His father was the village blackachievement of one with and one withsmith. He repaired farm machinery out a profession. While Herbert never

and household utensils; he manufacsaw this man again, his talk about

tured things made of metal and sold mining engineering more than any farm implements. His two sons, Herother external influence, determined

bert and Theodore, inherited this inHoover's education and adopted proventive turn of their father and later fession.

Herbert's two sons showed the same He desired to attend high school as bent. a preparation for college, but since he

His mother had unusual mental could not earn full wages while going power. After her husband's death, she to school, he studied at night and

became a preacher at Quaker meetings worked all day. Back of his Uncle

and was a very effective exhorter. She John's real estate office was a small

was attractive, but shy and reserved. room half filled with old boxes and

Her son, Herbert, inherited these qualbags. He fitted it with a bed, lamp

ities. and table. Here he slept and studied.

After their parent's death, the two He ate at restaurants and boarding boys and their sister, Mary, were cared houses. He relates that once he stood

for by their Quaker uncles and aunts. entranced before a sign, "Table d'hote

At one time Herbert was sent to live 75c,"but on reflection he felt that no with an uncle, Laban Miles, the United human stomach could possibly hold all

States Government Indian Agent for the food that 75c could pay for so he the Osage tribe in the Indian Terriwent elsewhere.

tory. During the eight months he In two years he felt ready to try the

spent there he learned much concerning entrance examination for college. Stanthe Redmen. The next two years he ford, because its "romantic foundlived with his uncle, Allen Hoover, ing, picturesque setting, the terms it

and then went to his uncle, John Minoffered to poor students, the freedom thorn, in Oregon. Two or three years it permitted in the selection of studies,

later he went to his grandfather Miles. its strong leaning toward science,"

but he found him so severe that he demade Hoover feel that it was the unicided to leave. He went to Portland versity he desired to study in. He felt

and Salem, determined to fit himself for that there he might become like the the college he desired to enter. In wonderful man who had visited him

Salem he lived with his Uncle John, In 1891, Professor Swain was sent but in Portland he lived alone. to Portland to give entrance examinaHe attributes a great part of his tions for Stanford. When Hoover read

HERBERT HOOVER 217

the published requirements, he realized life showed many of the characteristhat his selfpreparation had been onetics for which he is noted today. He

sided. He found in the examination did things "promptly, positively,

that he was unprepared in grammar quietly."He showed a marked faculty

and rhetoric. Fortune was on his side, i<v "organizing and administering."

however, as the professor who was One time when Dr. Branner heard the

head of the department of mathematics, students talking about "Hoover's was a Quaker, and knew a student luck,"he said: "He has not had

when he saw him. He was attracted luck; he has had reward. If you would

to Herbert by his "evident strength of work half as hard and half as intelliwill."He said, "I observed that he gently as he does, you would have half

put his teeth together with determinahis luck. If I tell any one of you

tion to pass the examination at any to do a thing for me, I have to come cost. He was evidently summoning around in half an hour to see if you

every pound of energy he possessed to have done it. But I can tell Hoover to

answer correctly the questions before do a thing, and never think of it again.

him. I was naturally interested in I know it will be done, and he doesn't

it, either. If I toldhim. On inquiry, I learned that he ask me how to do

had studied only two books of plane him to start to Kamchatka tomorrow geometry and was trying to solve an to bring me back a walrus tooth, I'd original problem based on the fourth. never hear of it again until he came

While he was unable to do this, he did back with the tooth. And then I'd

much better, for the intelligence and ask him how he had done it."

superior will he revealed in the attempt While studying geology he also convinced me that such a boy needed studied a beautiful, intelligent girl who only to be given a chance. So, almajored in geology. He decided that

though he could not pass all of the she was the girl for him and that he tests, I told him to come to my room would marry her.

at the hotel after the examination, as I Hoover began his mining career in would like to talk with him. He came Grass Valley in the Sierras with pick

promptly at the appointed hour with and shovel. The hours were long and

a friend of his. * * * The two the work underground. He rose rapboys invited me and Mrs. Swain to idly and became night shift boss.

stop at Salem to visit them, which we He soon decided to get work with did. I learned there that Herbert the best mining engineer on the coast.

Hoover was an industrious, thoughtLouis Janin. He went to Mr. Janin's

ful, ambitious boy, earning his own office in San Francisco. He was jnliving while he studied."Mr. formed that there was no vacancy and a

Swain told Hoover that if he would long waiting list. The only help

study diligently for the rest of the needed was a typist. "All right."said

summer on the literary subjects he was Hoover, "I'll take it. I can't come for

lacking in, and then come early to a few days, but I'll come next TuesStanford for some coaching, he would day, say."(This was Friday.) He

be admitted to the University. knew he had to learn typewriting beThe following October he was enfore he could begin the work. He

rolled among the first students. In rented a machine, by Tuesday he cou!d

time he graduated from Stanford and use it.

later he became a patron and trustee, Janin was serving as an expert in doing much for the institution that a mining case involving a mine in Grass had done so much for him. Valley that Hoover knew from workWhen he reached the school he had ing there. When he took the typed

only $200. He did odd jobs to pay sheets that he had copied to his emfor his board and room. His college ployer he told him that the line of pro218 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ccdure was all wrong and explained his body and soul clean and just everwhy. In so doing, some facts not yet lastingly worked."As a result he

published, that he had helped to dismade good mines out of bad ones. Dur

cover while working there, came out. ing the two years he spent there he

The argument was changed and the made a big reputation in Australian case won. and London mining circles. It was

Hoover was too valuable to remain realized that his limit was "the limit of a typist so he was made assistant to the possible."

an older staff man. On his way to his At this time a Chinaman formed a

new post he wrote to the geology girl cabinet in China that decided to effect from Nevada and later from Wyoming. "a coordinated control of all the mines

Idaho, Arizona, New Mexico. Janin of the empire."There was established

noted that his reports showed knowl- a Department of Mines with Chang edge of geology and mining, but also Yen Mow at its head. He knew that

keen business sense. He was next sent his fellowcountrymen knew little

to manage a mine near Carlisle, New about mining, so he decided to get a

Mexico. foreigner to assist him in managing the

the empire. He wanted his Two years after Hoover's graduamines of

tion, the West Australian mining boom "Director General of the Mines"to occurred. Janin was asked by a Lonknow much about mines and to be

don firm to recommend a competent honest. He asked the firm for which

man. He talked the conditions over Hoover worked to recommend such a

with Hoover and told him he believed man. They recommended Hoover.

there were greater opportunities in The place was offered to him and he

Australia for him than the Pacific accepted.

Coast offered. Just before Hoover In two weeks after he had received

started for Europe, Janin said, "Now, the offer he was on his way to London look here, Hoover, I have cabled Lonto make a report to his employers and don swearing to your full technical to get information regarding his new qualifications and I am not afraid of work. He spent two weeks in Lonyour letting me down on that. But don, eight days crossing the Atlantic,

these conservative Londoners have two days in New York, five crossing stipulated that you should be thirtythe continent to California.

five years old. I have wired that I He felt the time had now come to

was sorry to have to tell them that you marry the girl, Lou Henry, he had are not quite thirtythree. Don't forfor four years desired for his wife. On

get that my reputation depends on your Friday, February 10, 1899, they were looking thirtythree by the time you married at noon in Monterey. At two

get to London. (Hoover was then o'clock they left for San Francisco. At

twentythree and looked two years twelve noon on Saturday they sailed younger.) He began growing a beard for China and were on the boat one

on his way east. When he appeared month.

before perhaps the greatest mining firm For centuries the mines in China in the world the man spoken to stared had belonged to the Crown and had at him and said. "How remarkable you been leased out. If a lessor put money

Americans are. You have not yet into modernizing the mine more rent

learned to grow old, either individually was exacted. The mining laws and

or as a nation. Now you, for example, methods used were very primitive.

do not look a day over twentyfive. Hoover "plunged into the work of exHow do you do it?"amining and planning and codifying

He found life hard in the Australian with the zeal of a naturalist in an unmining camps. While there were many explored jungle."He examined by

opportunities to go wrong, he "kept day and studied the mining laws of all

HERBERT HOOVER 219

times and all places at night. He sent The conditions for living and working

for experts who had worked with him around these mines were terrible. He

before in America and Australia and rehabilitated two or three abandoned who were devoted to "the Chief"as mines and made them profitable. A

they called him. factor of this success was the originaThe Boxer Uprising compelled Hoo tion and development of a process for

ver to organize a military defense to extracting zinc from ores previously protect his wife, his home and his em treated for other metals and that had ployees. He and his wife and their been thrown away as useless. FourCaucasian helpers could have gotten teen million tons of such residue were

out if he had been willing to desert his in the dumps of the Broken Hill Mines.

Chinese helpers. As his wife would He introduced new processes for hannot leave him, they stayed through the dling lowgrade sulphide ores. He here

siege of Tientsin. demonstrated one of his beliefs; viz.

While in China he did a great deal that the backbone of mining rests in of work as consulting engineer and handling large quantities of lowgrade later as general manager of the "Chiores, thus making mining a certain, nese Engineering and Mining Comstable business and taking it from the pany."He built a railway, developed realm of speculation. All this he did

cement works, handled a fleet of steamin seven months.

ers and built a harbor to give coal a He returned to London and gathproper outlet. He superintended the ered together thirtyfive or forty skilled

work of about twenty thousand men. young mining engineers. He became

In 1902 he returned to London. He chief consulting engineer for a large

was now a junior partner in the Engnumber of mining comp nies. Anylish firm under whose direction he had thing he was connected with gave ingone to Australia. As he was the firm's vestors confidence in its honesty and

chief engineer and field expert he travsuccess. Two of his largest undereled extensively. takings were at Kyshtim, Russia, in the

During one of his stays in the great Urals, and at Irtish, near Manchuria.

capital he discovered a defalcation. A His work at Kyshtim shows his enman connected with the firm had lost gineering genius, his social nature, his

in speculation more than a million dolhumane instincts and his idealism and lars which he had obtained from the democracy. These mines had for

company's friends and clients by issuyears been the richest producers of their ing and selling false stocks. While the kind in the world. They were confirm could not be held technically reducted by old methods, became run

sponsible, Hoover announced that they down and labor was paid only a pitwould make the defalcation good. He tance. Hoover made a thorough exthus lost his personal fortune and had amination. He advised that the plant

a long and difficult struggle to keep be scrapped, that the miners and their the firm in business. After four years'families be moved to a site nearer the

struggle ending with success, he sevsource of the ore, and that there a modered his connection with the firm in ern plant be built. "First of all he

1908. He was now thirtyfour and would have nothing to do with a mine

was rated as the best consulting mining whose workers were housed like dogs engineer in the world. in tumbledown shacks surrounded by

He soon went to South Australia filth and ugliness, deprived of all comand undertook a big constructive piece forts and conveniences. Secondly, it

of work in connection with the buildwas simpler to start new works on ing of the Broken Hill Mines, in the modern principles than to spend time great Stony Desert between four and and money tryin to modernize the five hundred miles north of Adelaide. old. * * * His plan was to spend

220 IMPROVEMENT ERA

several millions. First, to build a house, had done at Kyshtim. The mines there

with shower bath and sanitary were the first lesson we had in what theplumbing for every man and wife conAmerican democracy means—in

nected with the mine. Second, to build things that America stands for, in opnew mine buildings and install new portunity and fair dealing, and decent

machinery. Then to pay every workliving and hope for the common man.

man a real wage for his work."His The America of our dreams meant just

plan was carried out. He brought new Herbert Hoover to us Russians."

life and happiness to the people. He Under his supervision many large

built 350 miles of railroad. Door undertakings were operated in Coloknobs, steel rails and steamboats were rado, Mexico, Korea, the Malay Straits

manufactured. Just as the propertySettlements, South Africa and India.

was on a paying basis war broke out, In India he achieved his greatest atso the money invested will probably tainment in mining. He developed the

never be retrieved. One of the best greatest silverlead mines in the world.

five years. It was necessarvknown Russian women in the United This took

States said in 1921. "Why. away back to build eight miles of railroad through

in 1912. I could have told you who a jungle and over two mountain ranges

was the great American. We in RusThirty thousand men were employed.

sia knew all about him from what he (To be Continued)

"Peace Be Unto You"

There is power in words and they since you blessed me with peace, I have should be used with great care. The had peace. Nothing troubles me anyLord tells us: "For by thy words thou more."The guide does not remember

shalt be justified and by thy words of blessing her with peace, but he frethou shalt be condemned."(Matt. quently says, "Peace be unto you."

12:37.) Thoughts and words react. (St. John 20:19). Let us follow his

Alma writes his son Corianton: "That example and say to those who need our

which ye do send out shall return untc encouragement, "Peace be unto you."

you again and be restored."(Alma By sending out peace we receive

is41:15.) peace. The way to become happy

are that We should send out good thoughts to make others happy. "Men they might have joy."(2 Nephi 2:and predict desirable things for others. We all should be joy dispensers, At the dedication of the Salt Lake 25.)

making the world happier for our havTemple, President Wilford Wodruff ing lived. said: "If you prophesy anything about A Yale student's motto was: "Look this people, prophesy something for the best in every person you meet."

good."President George Q. Cannon People are naturally good and we can

concurred in this statement. find things to admire in all our acAn aged lady in trouble talked with quaintances. When we say encourag-

a guide on the Temple Block. He ing, helpful, appreciative words, we

was kind to her. Years passed. She brighten their lives and our own likecame again recently and said: "Ever wise. Joseph S. Peery.

Giant Lizards of Panama By Harold L. Snow

The flesh of the iguana or giant than an hour, but in general the iguana, lizard is reckoned among the delicacies after dropping or being thrown into of the tropics. It is tender and of a the water, swims rapidly to the shore,

peculiarly delicate flavor, not unlike apparently afraid of deep water.

the breast of a spring chicken, accordWhile in captivity it is known to ing to many of the Panamanians who feed upon various leaves and flowers.

use the reptile as one of their choice Some persons who have observed the foods. animal in its native state claim that it

Jamaican negroes now residing in also eats eggs, insects and various other

Panama seem to animal substances.

be especially fond The usual color of the iguana, just of the iguana is a as their American bright, silvery negro brothers relgreen, but it is ish chicken meat. quite variable even

This perhaps acin the same indicounts for the fact vidual, changing that the iguana, by the influence of which at one time locality, weather was very common and temper. Onin J a m a i c a, is its sides a few

gradually being brown bands are extirpated from generally seen and

Iguana. Despite Harmless. Perfectlythat island. The the tail is marked Its Looks: Just Like And It Tastes

Iguanas are a Chicken. Its Usual Length is with brown and

family of lizards, FROM 4 TO 6 FEET green of various but the name is sometimes loosely aptones, the two colors being arranged plied to many species of lizards such in alternate rings all the way down to as monitors and varans. Iguanas are the tip of its tail.

distinguished from the rest of their In spite of its being quite innocuous, tribe by the formation of their teeth. the sight of an iguana is rather forThese are round at the roots, swollen bidding, and when it obtains its

and rather compressed at the tip and greatest length, of four to six feet, notched on the edge. There are generit presents a sufficiently formidable apally some teeth on the palate as well. pearance to warrant, in some degree,

Perching on trees and living almost the fabulous tales which have been wholly among the branches, to which deduced from its strange shape. It

it clings with its powerful feet and used to be said that the only creature claws, the iguana finds the greater part that could stand before the iguana and of its food in the form of leaves, fruits still live was the cock, whose shrill and parasitic plants, which in the clarion the reptile held in such terror tropics are so abundant. Many of the that on hearing the sound it fled into

creatures prefer the branches of trees the depths of the desert and there conthat overhang rivers or lakes. When cealed itself. Therefore travelers who

danger threatens they drop down into were forced to journey through the the water and swim away. Some of sandy deserts of Libya were advised

them remain under the water for more always to carry with them a supply of 222 IMPROVEMENT ERA

lively, loudvoiced cocks, whose vigorthe iguana. Roasting and boiling are

ous crowings would protect them from the most common, and making it into the iguanas which were haunting that fricassee is a mode which has met with part of the country. The natives general approval.

claimed that all living creatures, exIn confinement the iguana is slow cept the cock, were forced to fly from and inactive but it soon learns to know the sight of the iguana. Even man, its keeper and to him it shows decided

they said, would fall dead from the preference. In their native haunts

glance of the reptile's eye. "This poyduring the warmer portions of the day

son,"said Topthe creatures sel, "infecteth the climb some low air, and the air tree and stretch so infected killeth themselves in the all living things, sun, their tail and likewise all hanging down green things, like that of a fruits, and plants snake. While

of the earth: it thus basking they

burneth up the are not easily grasse whereupon aroused, and, it goeth or creepperhaps trusting eth, and the too much to their fowls of the air protective colorfall down dead ing, can be when they come closely approachnear his den or ed without evinclodging. Someing any alarm.

times he biteth a The natives take man or beast, advantage of this and by that indifference, and wound the blood while the animal t u r n e t h into thus lies gently choler, and so the eyeing the inwhole body betruder, a noosecometh yellow or attached to agold, presently long stick is slipkilling all that touch it or come ped over its head, near it. Even a and the unsuspecting animalhorseman who A SixFoot Iguana

had taken into immediately finds his hand a spear which had been thrust itself jerked from its elevated position through an iguana did not only draw to fall a victim to the omnivorous the poyson of it into his own body and appetite of man. Two centuries ago

so dyed, but also killed his horse therethe pious Pere Labat gave an interestby."ing account of how he saw iguanas

But in spite of these ancient supercaptured: "We were attended by a

stitions the iguana today supplies cutnegro who carried a long rod, at the lets which, when properly dressed, take end of which was a piece of whipcord a very high place among the delicacies with a running knot. After beating

of a well spread table in the tropics. about the bushes for some time the

There are various modes of cooking negro discovered our game basking in

GIANT LIZARDS OF PANAMA 223

the sun on the dry limb of a tree. Herefamily name Iguanidae in common.

upon he began whistling with all his The giant lizard of the tropics, howmight, to which the iguana was wonever, is some 500 times larger than derfully attentive, stretching out his the horned toad, its Rocky Mountain neck and turning his head as if to enjoy cousin.

it more fully. The negro now apThe iguana lays eggs. These it

proached, still whistling, and advanced deposits in the hollows of the trees in his rod gently, and began tickling with which it lives. The eggs are of oblong

the end of it the sides and throat of shape about one and onehalf inches the iguana, which seemed mightily in length and are said to be very pleaspleased with the operation, for he ant eating, especially when taken raw turned on his back and stretched and mixed with farina. The albumen

himself out like a cat before the makes up only a small part of the egg fire and at length fell asleep, which substance, most of it being yolk.

the negro perceiving, dexterously slipWhen cooked the eggs do not harden, ped a noose over his head, and with a but become only a little thicker in conjerk brought him to the ground. And sistency.

good sport it afforded, to see the creaNatives claim that if one approaches ture swell like a turkeycock to find the iguana too rapidly as it is clinging himself entrapped. We caught more to the high limb of a tree and frightens

in the same way and kept one alive the creature, it will gulp down large seven or eight days, but it grieved me amounts of air until its body swells to the heart to find that he thereby up like a rubber ball. Then upon

lost much delicious fat."releasing its hold on the limb the

The horned toad which inhabits the animal falls to the ground with a hills about Salt Lake City and surbounce, whereupon it belches up the rounding country belongs to the same air and scampers away from its enemy family as the iguana, both having the faster than most dogs can run.

The Mocking Bird Now, in the early dawn I see In all the woodland aisles around!

The little graycoat mockingbird. Hast thou a teacher in the bowers

'Tis he awakens wood and lea, Of jasmine bloom, or cypress shade,

Famed songster, wheresoever heard. Or 'mid magnolia's fragrant flowers,

Lo! ecstacy shows in his form Or rhododendron's brilliant glade.

That sways and rises, swings and falls, That gave to thee thy subtle art

As ardently his lovesong calls, In tender wooing of the heart?

Endearing, thrilling, glowing warm. Again that song!

She comes, she comes for whom he sings! It floats along

Now throbs his breast 'neath happy wings. Merrily, merrily, merrily:

And still more rapturous the note The dove's low cooing.

Intones from his enamored throat. The robin's wooing,

The notes of killdeer, thrush and wren

I listen to the wonderful! Is o'er the hill and in the glen,

Hark! how the thrilling notes abound! Mingled with calls that ever quiver

How throbs and pulses all the air And float along o'er shore and river

With melody, that swells in sound; Merrily, merrily ever giving

And birdnotes from full many a song Joyful tones of love and living!

Maywood. Calif. Joseph Longking Townsend

Adventure with a Rattlesnake By Elmer A. Graff

Rattlesnakes are not hard to capplunge. With a quick jerk I pulled

ture if a safe method coupled with Jennings out of the way, and none too common sense is used, so say the Cousoon, for the fatal fangs of the monster gar and Coyote patrol of Rockville, barely missed their mark. He wailed

Utah, Zion National Park Council his disappointment by making his rat-

B. S. A. But wait tles fairly sing,

a minute; let their j while we moved to

scoutmaster tell 'a large rock and how they came to listened to the tune capture the largest of ten protesting d i a m o n d-back. "-.'"* rattles.which had ever 'Let's capture

been seen 'in that the old fellow and locality: take him home

"We were going alive,'I suggested.

on our weekly hike The scouts were u p Shonesburg all in favor of the canyon, two or P"3fe;K-C>- / y-''idea but wondered

three miles southwho would 'put east of Zion Nathe bell on the cat.'

tional Park, to ex- I allayed their fears telling all butplore the cliff s?/.&|B1* mM by

dwellings thought Demille and An- "j*>3fjgjfprM* to belong to the V. gell to remain on h.

ancient Moqui Inthe rock.

''Demille, bringdians. As none of

the top limb ofus had ever been &-S'i. ifA >%&&. methere before, we that scrub cedar,

decided to tie our and Jennings Mr. Rattlesnake

horses at the foot throw me your of the mountain and search for the top string,'I commanded.

ancient stronghold. "Mr. Rattlesnake in the meantime

"The mountain side was very steep slowly uncoiled his four and a half and it was often necessary to use our feet of detestable anatomy and proceeded to crawl under a small rock.hands to assist in climbing over the

Shortly after he had gained the entrancerocks. Scout Jennings, of the Cougar

of a hole under the boulder, I had apatrol, was a few feet in front of me. noose made in one end of the stringwhen suddenly he gave a piercing and arranged so that it could be loosshriek and stood there too frightened ened and tightened at will. With anto move away. I rushed to his side, old dry limb I pried the rock a few

and to my surprise a huge rattlesnake inches from its original position, and lay coiled up about eighteen inches immediately the deadly warning was from the ashen white face of Jennings. given. A moment later his head

Upon my approach the diamondback emerged from under the rock. The

emitted a short rattle, then drew back noose was quickly placed over his his flat beaded head to make his deadly head, the string tightened, and amidst

ADVENTURE WITH A RATTLESNAKE 225

terrible lashing and rattling, Mr. Rathis body inside. The string was then

tlesnake was carried down the mouncut and the lid forced down and wired.

tain side. "The horses were frantic with fear

"The real problem which now conwhen we approached them with the fronted us was how to get him home, reptile, who continued to 'voice'his a distance of ten miles. One of the anger by vibrating his rattles against

boys, however, had a sixquart the sides of the tin bucket.

pail which contained his lunch, so, "After reaching home, we turned the after emptying it of its contents, we old fellow out from the bucket, caught made the lid secure by wiring two sides him in the same manner as before, and of it down. On the third side the wire extracted his poison fangs with a pair

was threaded through the hole in the of wire pliers.

lid and rim of the bucket and left "He was kept in captivity for more loose. The venomous monster was than a week, but refused to eat live

then pushed into the bucket, head mice, lizards and gophers supplied to foremost, while a forked stick was used him, so we finally took his life and to assist in placing the remainder of thus ended his captivity."

Enlisted Soldiers of Our Forests

By Wreno Bowers In nature a constant battle goes on for struments are required for their removal.

existence, and nothing in her scheme of The woodpecker's bill is a hammer, pickthings has a harder struggle than the trees axe, and auger combined, and his tongue of our forests. Over 500 kinds of forest a long, flexible, extensible spear. With

trees grow naturally within the United the impressive "tap, tap, tap,"he loStates. Some trees are provided with cates a decayed spot inhabited by boring

greater powers of resistance than others, larva or a colony of ants. Promptly he

but they all have their natural enemies. breaks open the infected part and devours

There are 200,000 known kinds of treethe insect pests. So helpful are his servattacking insects, and these pests destroy ices in the great economy of the earth that

tens of thousands of trees every year. out of the nearly 800 birds of America

In this relentless warfare, nature enlists the woodpecker is considered our most birds to save her trees. More than sixty useful bird citizen.

bird families have their part to play in the Woodpeckers have the actual supervigreat army of forest protection. Theresion of our forest trees. Human senses

fore, properly to guard our birds is a phase cannot locate the tree borers; only the

of forest protection. To observers of long, pickaxe bill of the woodpecker can

birds and forests most of these facts are locate the vile grub and remove it from well known: but so ignorant are many its hiding place. Alighting against the

people that these feathered friends are often trunk of a tree, the little soldier edges shot or driven away while shade and forest about, giving the tree a rattling patter of trees may be perishing through lack of taps with his bill. Presently a sound intheir skilled services. It is a dangerous dicates to his acute sense that he has found

experiment, indeed, to upset nature's balthe spot, and with rained blows he lays ance. open the right place. Then with his long,

To the larger tree savers, the woodextensible, and barbed tongue, coiled up peckers, nature has committed the duty on the hyoid bone, he reaches the burrow of specializing on those insects that injure and drags forth the beetle larva from the the tree internally, and hence special inbottom of its crooked gallery, sometimes 226 IMPROVEMENT ERA

three inches from the bottom of the picked to a loss of millions of dollars each year!

hole. A useful tool, this tongue of his The downy and hairy woodpeckers are

the only instrument that can reach and other quiet little soldiers. These birds

destroy the larva of longhorned borer range over the greater part of the United beetles. States. In cultivated districts they are

Nearly every locality has one or more of great service and value to the fruit representatives from the twentyfour grower, cleaning the trees of boring woodpecker families. They are as widely larva and the unmanageable scale insects.

distributed as forests and everywhere they Some people are of the impression that give their impartial attention to trees. woodpeckers injure trees by digging deep

Their food consists of ants, beetles, borers, holes for nesting purposes, but it is only grasshoppers, bugs, timber worm9, and in dead or decaying trunks that they exvarious kinds of moths and flies, which cavate for the nest. After the nesting

infest forests and vegetation in all parts season the holes are pecked out and used of the country to our very serious loss. for winter shelter. Each year the woodSurely they deserve the gratitude of all pecker constructs a new home and the

American citizens. abandoned hole is left to the chickadee,

One of the bestknown, among woodbluebird and other birds which prefer woodpeckers, is the flicker. It is popular in enwalled homes but cannot construct

every locality where it is found and is them. In North America, taken as a whole,

known by a wide variety of local names. woodpeckers are very numerous, and the

Goldenwinged woodpecker, wakeup, millions of individual birds which have yellowhammier, and many other names yet escaped the guns of ignorant hunters have been recorded. The redshafted constitute a mighty army of protection to

flicker, the largest of the woodpeckers, is our forests.

the Western representative of the Eastern Some of the smaller tree savers include flicker. Whether in field or forest these the chickadees, bushtits, nuthatches, and

birds are found engaged in the occupacreepers. These species are small in size

tion of destroying insect life. More than but they render a great service to our

fifty per cent of the flicker's yearly diet forests. We find them busily engaged

is made up of ants. A single bird will among the trees and shrubs, searching

eat thousands of these insects in a day and every branch and twig for insect eggs and any creature which destroys ants is a delarva. Specimens of the chickadee were

cided boon to agriculture. found to have eaten as many as 900 eggs

Ants are small, but their destructive each of the cankerworm. That many

power is enormous. The tremite, or eggs, if allowed to hatch, would produce

white ant, takes heavy annual toll in lumenough cankerworms to destroy a tree in ber. They eat into the wood of floor- a single season; so the good which the

ings, walls and foundations; honeycombchickadee does by the destruction of

ing the wood and weakening it. Not only cankerworms alone is beyond estimation.

are ants wood borers, but they care for All of these active little soldiers deserve and perpetuate plant lice or aphids, which full credit for the good they do in saving infest vegetation in all parts of the country forest trees.

If thou takest vritue for the rule of life, and valuest thyself upon aeting in all things conformably thereto, thou wilt have no cause to envy lords and princes; for blood is inherited, but virtue is common property, and may be

acquired by all; it has, moreover, an intrinsic worth, which blood has not.

Cervantes: Don Quixote.

The Breakaway By Harold Thorpe Fall had come, and with it the bement. Let your two counselors take

ginning of the year's activities for the care of the rest of the work if neces-

M. I. A. Brother Jones, newly apsary. Make this part of your work

pointed president of the association in succeed if you have to do it all your-

A ward, was gravely concerned self. We shall depend upon you to

over the almost hopeless prospects for do it."

"I'll do my best,"was the wardan M Men's class. There had never

been one in A ward before. Mupresident's only comment. During the

tual officers of preceding years had tried next few days he visited every young zealously to win these young men over man in the ward between the ages of to the cause, but without avail. seventeen and twentyone. At every

"It's no use,"they had all said home he urged the parents to cowhen they finally gave up the task as operate with him in getting their boys hopeless, "you can't get the young started. But rough and dry and stony

fellows in our ward into Mutual. seemed the ground in which he was

They're all good boys and they mean trying to plant the good seed.

well; but they won't join us, and that The parents were more than willing

is all there is to it."Brother Jones to cooperate, but how? "No one,"

had never been identified with the M. confessed one father, "can convert our

I. A. before, and wondered if he could grown boys to Mutual work. An M

succeed where all the others had failed. Men's class has been tried here so many

His first meeting with his officers times and failed that our boys are and teachers was a memorable one. soured with it. They are now so set

The stake superintendent of Mutuals against it that it is a waste of time even was there, and made an eloquent plea. to mention it to them."The attitude

"Brother Jones, we must have an M of the boys themselves seemed to bear

Men's class in your ward. It is the this statement out, for only two in the

only ward in the stake without one. whole ward would promise definitely

You surely have enough young fellows to join the M. I. A. These two only

here to form an organization. You half promised, and then only because

must get a class started!"their parents insisted upon it;—for

Brother Jones'counselors both one was the son of the bishop and the shook their heads doubtfully as the other was the son of the president of stake superintendent concluded. "It's the Y. L. M. I. A.

no use,"they declared positively, In spite of these discouragements, "we've tried everything here, and we Brother Jones was hopeful that he just can't do anything with our young might finally win the young men over.

men. They are all well meaning felBut when the next M. I. A. meeting

lows, but they are too full of battle was held a total of two reported for son of theand blood and high life. They have the M Men's class—the

their own amusements, and their own bishop, and the son of the president notions, and they are as stubborn as of the Y. L. M. I. A.

nules. They won't come to Mutual."Brother Jones'heart sank as he

But this did not satisfy the stake faced them in the opening of the first officer, who renewed his plea for an class period, for he could read in their

M Men's class. "Brother Jones, we eyes and in the expressions on their

must have an M Men's class here. We faces the deep resentment they both

expect you to build up this departfelt at being almost compelled by their 228 IMPROVEMENT ERA

parents to come to meeting. So hostile eyes. "Tell all the young men in our

and disgruntled did they seem that ward I'll give them each a slice of

Brother Jones hardly knew how to bread and molasses if they will come begin with them. to Mutual. Poor fellows, they do look

"Well, boys,"he began finally, hungry at times.

"you don't seem any too glad to be "And I'll cook them some hot here."dogs,"giggled another.

"We're not,"said the bishop's son. "And I'll ask mother to give them

"What shall we do about it?"coneach a drink of buttermilk every Tuestinued Brother Jones, who now felt day, to make them feel religious,"volthat he was facing the crucial situation unteered a third girl, while a fourth

of the whole problem. young lady proposed that, as a special

"Dismiss this class and forget all inducement to the young men, each about it,"said the Y. L. M. I. A. one should be given a lollypop every

president's son bluntly. time he came to Mutual. Soon the girls

"You two boys have stomachs, I were all convulsed with laughter as take it?"asked Brother Jones. each one tried to outdo the rest in

"Not for dry sermons,"replied both proposing some ridiculous scheme for boys together. getting the young men into the or-

"How about oysters?"asked Brothganization.

er Jones. Brother Jones was so enthusiastic

"Are you trying to tell us a fish over the attitude of the Gleaner Girls story?"asked the bishop's son, susthat he could hardly wait for the merpiciously. riment to subside so he could continue.

"Wait till I get back and I'll tell "We will now be brief and sober!"

you definitely,"was the answer. he exclaimed suddenly, in mock anger.

Going directly to the Gleaner Girls'"I'll be brief, and you be sober!"But

class, he asked permission to talk to they didn't become sober until they them a moment. had indulged in another outburst of

Quickly he came to the point. "My merriment.

dear young sisters, everyone says the "Speaking seriously now,"he conyoung men in our ward are perfect tinued, when he could be heard again, mules when it comes to joining us. I "you will really entertain the M Men's

think they are the finest mules in the class at an oyster supper after I get world, and I want them to belong to them organized?"

our organization. Will you help me "Yes, we will,"they answered in

get them in?"one voice.

"Yes,"chorused the girls, laughing "Well, brethren,"said he, after he heartily at the reference to the mules. had returned to his forlorn hope of

"Boys and mules are just alike for two rebellious and resentful young one thing,"he continued, "the way to men, "I am now ready to tell you a a mule's heart, if he isn't too stubborn fish story about bread and molasses to have one, is through his stomach. and buttermilk and stewed oysters and

The way to a boy's heart is through lollypops and things."

his stomach, too. Now, then, if I get "Stewed oysters and lollypops?"

the bishop. the young men organized into an M cried the impatient son of

Men's class, will you give them a nice "What next?"

party later on, and cook them an "The Gleaner Girls will entertain class at an oyster supper oyster supper?"the M Men's

"We surely will,"the girls promjust as soon as you are organized,"said ised. the Mutual president.

"I have it!"exclaimed one mis- "Will they?"asked the bishop's

chievous maid, with merrily dancing boy, incredulously, "No one ever

THE BREAKAWAY 223

thought of doing anything like that enthusiastic time they had of it then!

for us other years."There wasn't sufficient time for each

"Hurry up and get organized, and member to say all that he was just your oysters will soon be stewing,"itching to say about his own expesaid Brother Jones. riences and hopes and ambitions. That

The rest of the period was devoted timid, bored, oppressive, miserable to a roundtable discussion of the feeling which blights so many religious class. classes of young men and young womyear's activities for the M Men's

The two young men were all eageren was utterly lacking. Everyone felt

ness now to learn every detail, and to at ease. The very classroom atmosphere

get the class organized. By the time was so strongly one of congeniality

the class period was over they were and goodwill that it seemed to invite in high spirits, and both promised to the young men to come again.

bring several friends to the next Just before the period ended the meeting. bishop entered quietly and sat down,

A week later half a dozen young and all the boys grew silent. The

men were present. And what a lively bishop's son then rose and began

and interesting time they had planspeaking. "Brother Jones, we have a

ning the organization of their class and surprise for you. We're going to have

election of officers a week later! It that oyster supper at our home next

was near the close of the period when Friday night. The girls are too slow.

one of the new members suddenly They never do tumble to anything. I

asked. "Brother Jones, when do we eat never saw a girl yet who could tumble

those oysters?"to anything on time. We've been

"How many young men does it take hungry for oysters for weeks, and to make a good party?"asked Brother there are none in sight yet. So we are

Jones. going to cook the oysters ourselves and

"About twelve or fifteen."invite the Gleaner Girls to be our

"Bring out twelve or fifteen to our guests.

next meeting, and the oysters will soon "A week from Friday we're going be ready."to take the Gleaner Girls to the canEleven young men turned out at the yon. Father and mother are going

next meeting, and they went about the along as chaperones, and we want you business of electing officers and perfectand Mrs. Jones to come along with us.

ing their class organization with a We young fellows know we've been zest that thrilled Brother Jones immules all right, but we've made our mensely. At his suggestion the newly breakaway from the old pastures now,

class and we're going to eat grass and singelected president of the M Men's assumed the responsibility of assign- 'heehaw'in the newer and better pasing topics for discussion at the next tures from this time on.

class. Brother Jones feared that the "To be right frank, we young felvery mention of topics might dampen lows have had so satisfying a taste

really meanstheir ardor, but the boys could smell of what M Men's work their oysters now, and accepted topics that we are heartily ashamed of ourwith an alacrity and enthusiasm that selves for not joining before. We're

went to his heart. going to see to it that the M Men's

A week later sixteen handsome, class in A ward isn't an empty brighteyed, oysterhungry young men cellar any longer.

came to class. By skillful maneuver- "When we found out how intering at the very outset of the discussion, ested everyone else was in us, and how

Brother Jones brought the boys'own willing they all were to help us, we life experiences into play in their discouldn't hold back any longer. We

cussion of the topics. And what an just had to join the good old M. I. A."

Sandy, Utah Weather Forecasts By Annie D. Palmer

"Eleven dollars for wiring, five for probably weren't any wires connecting a meter and seventyfive cents for them with the center of modern light.

dollars and seventyBut once located within a really lightedglobes—sixteen

five cents."Jacob Nord figured it over zone, the thing that was once a luxury

for the hundredth time this month. became a necessity; and the dingy

Whenever he had time to think about lamps they had enjoyed so long beit he fumbled the bit of yellow paper came obnoxious and unendurable. So

on which it was written and tried to ever since the first of September, when think of some way to stretch his small evenings began to be cool enough to savings or reduce the amount of the entice Jacob Nord indoors, his heart bill. had been set on electric lights for

Early in the spring he had sold the Nancy's Christmas present.

little old home in Meadowville where It mattered very little to him that

Jane and Laren were born and reared, the lights would mean quite as much in order that he and Nancy might live to him as to Nancy. It had been his

nearer the children. They bought the custom to give her household gifts;

threeroom frame cottage in the subsuch as a table cloth, or towels, or a urbs of the city because it represented tea kettle, and she reciprocated in givabout what they were able to pay; ing him sofa pillows and kitchen

and of course they intended, as fast as linoleum and dishes. Only once that

they were able, to modernize and make he could remember did he receive it comfortable. After all, it conformed really personal gifts. That was when

to the standard they had been able to Jane had a Christmas tree at her home.

maintain previously, and that was There were five parcels for him on the was a fivecent package ofsomething. They had not moved to tree—one

the city with any intention of putting raisins and four were socks. Four

on airs. pair of new socks that had really been

But Jane and Laren had electric bought for him. Just the colors he

lights in their homes as did also nearly liked, too! How odd they should be so

all the neighbors. To be sure they had much like the ones he had recently

a great many other conveniences to bought at a sale! It was all exwhich Jacob Nord and his wife were plained when he went to put them in

not accustomed and which they felt the drawer with the others. There

they could get along without. But were no others. Well, let that go. He

electric lights that snapped on by turnhad long since forgiven Nancy the ing a button, that were so bright one joke, but ever after kept his belongings could see to darn stockings, or even under lock and key at Christmas time.

file the wood saw, and that had no Sixteen seventyfive. Beginning Sepsmoky chimneys to was tember first, he must save at least four wash—that

different. Oh, yes; he had seen electric twentyfive a month, one dollar

lights before, plenty of them, but when every week, seventeen cents every day.

one lives five or six miles from everythen another idea popped Surely—and

body, and from almost every place, one into his head. A brightred flower for

a splendid Christisn't concerned much about what the Nancy's coat—what

neighbors have inside their homes. Bemas. Beautifully bright, wonderfully

sides, Jacob's neighbors in Meadowlight.

ville had been as poor as he, so there In September he made good. Several

WEATHER FORECASTS 231

rows of old poplars had been cut down money to enjoy anything together in the neighborhood and he got the since you paid for the marriage license."

job of sawing them into lengths for "We've made a lot of mistakes.

stoves and furnaces. He saved five Nancy, and not much of anything

forty. In October there were a few else. Maybe the marriage license was

jobs of apple picking and he got an the biggest mistake of all."He spoke

odd shift shoveling coal. He added bitterly, and with rising anger.

four ninety to his savings. "I'm not saying which was the bigNow it was late in November, and gest mistake nor who made it; but I've

he had saved nothing. In fact, he had had nothing but drudgery and poverty

for several days been short of food all my life, an'I never expect to have rather than take a quarter from his things better. But what does a man

savings to buy bread. He had no work care? He doesn't sit and look at the

on those days and so he told Nancy dirty walls and bare floors and ragged he did not feel like eating. curtains. I'm sick of it povall—the

"Seems as if the snow holds off unerty and the dirt and the everlasting usually late this year,"he said to grind."

Nancy as he scanned the sky on a crisp "You know I do care, Nancy. YouNovember morning. know—

"That'll be something to remember "I know you've never in your life on Thanksgiving day,"answered his had ambition enough to get your nose wife thoughtfully. "You, with such off the grindstone. You're just too

thin soles an'no rubbers, sure ought to much like your old dad, and I ought be thankful for dry ground."to have known it before I married

He did not seem to hear. Presently you."

he added, "Thirty cents an hour for "And maybe I ought to have known shoveling snow, and a job as soon as a few things before I married you.

it needs clearing away. But it looks Seems like there's a lot to learn on

as though it might hold off till Christboth sides after folks get married."

mas."Mr. Nord took his hat and saun-

"And if it does,"Nancy replied, tered out, looking wistfully at the sky "the long afternoon walks will do again, and again wishing it would me a lot of good. I can't go out much snow.

after the snow comes."That afternoon Nancy went out as

"Nancy, I don't believe the walks usual for the "long walk"which she do you any good at all. You come was unwilling to share with her hushome so tired you're all nerves, an* band. On her way home she stopped

can't even enjoy your bed. Why don't again at the men's outfitting store and

you let me go with you if walks are left a dollar with a goodlooking so good?"young man behind the counter.

"I've never said a walk was good "How much do I still owe on the for rheumatism, have I? Nor for leather coat?"she asked, although she

asthma, either."knew exactly how much she owed.

"I suppose walkin'is only a cure The question had become a habit in for female diseases,"Jacob murmured the fourteen weeks since she made a in a complaining voice. "And yet,"small deposit to have the article held

he continued, "there was a time when for Christmas.

two could enjoy a walk more than "Only three dollars more,"anone."swered the smiling clerk, "would you

"There was a time when we two like to take it home with you?"

enjoyed a lot of things,"snapped "Well, hardly,"she replied, "I'm

Nancy, irritably, "but that's forty not in the habit of takin'things home years ago. We haven't had enough that don't belong to me. An'besides

232 IMPROVEMENT ERA

I'll get to look at that ugly thing reason, I guess, as Jacob gave his son enough after it really becomes a part the coat of many colors. You underof the family makeup. There ain't stand, don't you?"

any word that I ever use that expresses And that was the reason the weather my dislike for leather coats, an'cowforecasts were watched so eagerly by boy hats. But it's what my husband's Jacob Nord, who secretly prayed for

wanted ever since I've known him, so snow; and by his wife, who as earn-

I'm goin'to give it to him for Christestly wished for sunshine.

is if the weather's favorTen days before Christmas themas—that

able."snowfall set in so heavily that Mr.

"The leather coat is particularly Nord felt sure his work would last good for stormy days,"suggested the for at least a week, but his coal was clerk. low in the bin, and Nancy had an-

"Yes, I know,"was the decisive nounced the need of a bag of flour. So,

answer, "but payin'for it ain't. You even at the best he could possibly do,

see, I tend babies for Mrs. Howe so he now feared it would be impossible

she can go out selling silk stockings, to get the lights in for Christmas. Sixan'she gives me twentyfive cents for teen seventyfive is a lot of money

the arrangement with only fourteen dollars to the good. Aanhome—that'safternoon. If it storms she stays when coal is low and flour gone and

Mr. so do I. Two weeks few more days went by, during which Howe—an'

more of good weather and I'll have Jacob Nord shoveled snow furiously.

the coat paid off."Then neighbor Sullivan put a new idea "It will be nearly Christmas, too—into his head.

"Within ten days. Say, you couldn't "Come with me, Jake,"said Sulliafford to put a pair of them silky lookvan, "let's go up and report at the

in'sox in the coat pocket, could you? Salvation Army for a Christmas basfineI don't suppose I'll be here a lot more ket. We had one last year—sure

Christmas days, an'I want to make roast, sweet spuds, celery, cran-—big

Jacob as happy as I can for this once."berries, and everything."

"Oh, we might stand a pair of socks, "How much?"asked Mr. Nord,

I'll think about it."who had not learned the ways of

"You see,"Nancy went on, encharity baskets.

couraged by the kind manner of the "Free,"Sullivan replied. "You must

young man she was dealing with, give your name and tell them you're "Jacob has really been mighty good down and out, an'that's all there is to me all these years since I took him to it."

for better or worse. He ain't made "But I'm not down and out,"said

a lot of did seem to get Nord, "not that way. So far as I money—never

on much in a business way; but when know they hain't never been a Nord

it comes to honesty and square dealin'name on a charity list yet; and the

he's just been clean an'square Lord knows I ain't goin'to put it—well,

through an'through. I could always there. Why, man, I'd starve first."

depend on his doin'the right thing, an'"You can put some other name fer

I'm mighty proud of that. There that maiden, or your matter—wife's

ain't a livin'soul on top of the earth dead ask about your uncle—they'll."can say Jacob Nord ever cheated him children, maybe—

out of a penny or took a thing that Mr. Nord's fists doubled up spaswasn't his. I don't tell him about modically and his teeth bit together these things as often as I might—-we hard. It was but for an instant, then

just sort o'take each other as a matter he broke into a loud laugh and said of course, an'that's why I want to jokingly:

give him the coat. For the same "I was about to say 'get behind

. I

WEATHER FORECASTS 233

me, Satan; but of course you couldn't show. Sam said he'd have to stop in

know just how I'd feel to see Nancy and get the tickets today. It's that

cookin'a charity roast."wonderful play of the Christ life—

"It cooks like any other so far as can't remember the title; but every-

I can tell and is as good body's wild about it."eatin'—

Sullivan got no further. As he walked slowly away, Jacob

"'Nuff said,"Jake answered, grabNord took a backward look to the bing the neighbor by the shoulders and time, forty years ago, when Jane first turning him around roughly toward saw the light of day. The home was

the small leantohis own home, "when I married Nancy a tworoom log—if

I promised to support her. I ain't at the rear might be called a room.

made much of a show at it, but we've The leanto held Nancy's bed, a tiny never eaten the bread of charity yet; table and one chair. He remembered

an'I'll starve before I'll take a basket the bed with a rope bottom, a tick of things I can't pay for. To think filled with fresh straw, and a "loveof Nancy sweatin'over a charity knot"quilt. He could see again the

roast!"pictures on the wall, one a Madonna

Sullivan continued on down the and child, and the other a bunch of path while Jacob went on, perhaps to bright roses. He had got them both

himself: "Maybe one of the children as a premium with "Happy Hour

could make me a small loan. Laren's Magazine."and they were tacked up

wife would object to his doing it without frames. He remembered the

but Jane might. Sixteen seventyfive; hours of Nancy's deep travail—the

let's see. I only lack about two dolconcern of the women who attended

if I'm to get the coat flower. her, and the agony of his heart as helars—three

I'll see Jane anyway."realized how helpless he was in the

His job was, for the present, ended. time of suffering. And then he

The snow was piled high along the thought of the time when Jane and sides of the pavement and the weather Laren both had whooping cough was clear and cold. how Nancy watched them the long

That afternoon he visited Jane. She hours of days and weeks with no rest

had a toothache. The kitchen fire was and little food. And so he followed

out, and she explained that they could on down through the years, living it not afford to keep up two fires. Baby all over dreaming. again—dreaming,

Ellen's apron was torn from the neck And now Nancy was sixtyfour.

to the bottom hem: and little Jakey, Her eyes were not so good as they

his namesake, was coaxing for a shinyonce were, she could hardly thread her red coaster for Christmas. Jane, needle, by the lights lamplight—and

sweeping the floor with a vengeance, would cost sixteen seventyfive. Impaused to set him down rather vigorpossible. He must forget the lights

ously with the remark that unless for the present and try in some other something happened at their house, way to make a happy Christmas for chances were, there wouldn't be any his wife. Yes, he would be ever so

Christmas at all. careful with his money. The electric

After a very brief stay, during which lights must not altogether be forgotten.

he said almost nothing. Jane's father They would still need the lights after

took up his hat to leave. Christmas.

"I hope you and mother will have Two hours passed and in the earlv a merry Christmas,"said Jane. "I'd dusk he reached home. He had tickets

have you spend the day with us, only for the once they would matinee—for

the youngsters make mother so nerenjoy a show red coaster together—the

vous. Sam has to work till noon, anyfor little Jakey, and a beautiful doll

way; and then I guess we'll go to a for baby Ellen. He had gone to a

234 IMPROVEMENT ERA

store where bright, artificial flowers One of his purchases he did not were sold and had selected a wonderful bring home. He had stopped to look

red rose for Nancy to wear on her coat; at a window of a secondhand store.

and the nice little girl who sold it had A poorly dressed woman coming out induced him to add a pair of hose that was saying to the man inside: "It

were as shiny as real silk, and cost only would keep the old man so warm and half as much. nice through the cold nights and he

"I just know she'll like these. They would not cry with the pain. But I

look as nice as real silk and wear better. cannot buy it. I must buy bread."

I buy them for myself and wear them "Is it a stove, lady?"asked Nord.

to the dances and everywhere,"said "Oh, no. An electric pad to warm

the little redcheeked flapper ever so the bed when the fire is out. My father

sweetly. is very old and has bad sciatic pains.

"Seems like they're not very warm. This would keep him warm all night."

Don't you have woolen stockings?"There were further explanations

Jacob asked. about her getting electric power free

"Nobody wears wool,"the girl anbecause of some relationship of herswered. "You'd be surprised how dead husband to the power company;

warm these are. Besides—does your and before he left Mr. Nord had given

wife go out much?"the secondhand dealer a dollar for the

"Well, no; not a great deal,"he electric pad.

began. "These are plenty warm enough in There was a degree of happiness along with the disappointment as hethe house,"was the argument. "What

plodded toward home. The grandsize, please?"

"She used to wear a number three children would be delighted, and that poor old he was three.shoe—-yes, that's right, number as for man—perhaps "one of the least"of whom Christ hadI remember the first pair I bought for

the pad would comforther. She ordered two's and a half and spoken—how

there was the beautifulI figured I wasn't gettin'the worth him. And

of my money, so I got three's; an'flower and the tickets and the stockifwhen I took them back to the store the ings for Nancy. But the lights,

only he could have put them in. Well,two's and a half was gone; so she kept

he still had seven dollars to tuck awaythe three's an'said they fit better than the others would. Paid two and a as another start toward getting them.

He came home at noon the next day,quarter for and a quarter them—two sick and discouraged, after making theworth of grain. Wife was sure proud

usual round in quest of work. Theof that pair, an'I reckon they lasted

postman met him outside and handeda whole year. Nancy could take what

him a letter. It read:you spend for clothes in one month an'

clothe her whole family for a year. "You have been recommended to

She sure does know how to make the us by your wife. We want an honest,

dollars go a long way."clean man to look after the furnace

"I guess she'll wear about nine's and take care of the house plants while don't you?"the girl hastened to ask. we spend a month or six weeks in Calwill have the keys to ourAnd while she was wrapping the rayon ifornia. You

hose and the bright flower, Jacob Nord home, but will not need to stay at admitted to himself that the little girls night. If you are interested, please see

of today are right smart and pretty. us at once."

"Yes, smart and pretty is right. But Mr. Nord lost no time in makingwhen it comes to bein'really a a-—his way to the place, with the result

well a woman and a helpmate, Nancy's that he was hired and given twoworth a dozen of 'em any day."weeks'pay in advance, bacause of the

WEATHER FORECASTS 235

nearness of Christmas. The mystery home, and Jacob was happy. He

of it was explained to Nancy when knew exactly where the switch button she went to the clothing store for the would be; and while Nancy fumbled

leather coat. It was the employer of in the usual place for a match, he

her young clerk who had hired her turned on the electric light, husband. The appearance of the beautiful star

They went to the matinee on of Bethlehem could scarcely have surChristmas afternoon, Jacob in his new prised the shepherds more than did leather coat and Nancy with the ridicthis illumination in her home surprise ulous red rose pinned on her shabby Nancy Nord. She stood for a moment

brown fur. Jacob figeted a good deal with folded hands, spellbound. Then

and felt that the play was really longer she threw her arms about her husthan necessary. Nancy on the other band's neck and exclaimed:

hand enjoyed every minute of "Dear Jacob, it has been a beautiful it;—the

religious spirit, the brilliant oriental day! The snow and the sunshine

costumes, the people, and the lights, helped to make it so. Isn't the Lord

To her it was a beautiful day, though good?"

she felt very conspicuous on account "You are happy, Nancy?."I—

of the red rose. She was wearing it "I am very happy! The light is

for Jacob. wonderful! It helps me to see the

It was dark when they reached rose!"

Loved Companions

The flow'rs of summer fade and die,

And leave the earth so bleak and drear;

All nature seems to heave a sigh,

Each faded leaf to shed a tear.

For they are gone, sweet scented flow'rs,

Their leaves have fallen to decay,

And all through winter's dreary hours

Beneath the frost and snow shall lay.

In deepest silence they will sleep,

While we who live can only wait,

And sigh for them and even weep

Just for the sadness of their fate.

Our loved companions, too, are gone;

They, too, are sleeping 'neath the snow;

They left us sadly, one by one;

With tender hands we laid them low.

But flow'rs shall bloom again in spring

And deck the earth with beauties rare;

All living creatures join and sing.

While earth is robed in garb most fair.

And loved ones, too, shall rise again

And live and love forever more;

Life, life eternal shall attain,

Their Savior and their King adore.

Logan, Utah SAMUEL B. MlTTON

Messages from the Missions The GermanAustrian Mission By President Hyrum W. Valentine

"Go ye into all the world and preach and Charles H. Hyde of the Netherthe Gospel to every creature."This lands mission, together with their

we interpret as the injunction to every wives, about one hundred elders, and elder who accepts a call to engage in more than one thousand friends and missionary work, and with all our members. Each of the two German

might we are anxious that this shall missions had eight districts and apbe done in our proximately one field. Another inhundred elders,

junction is, "But with a memberbe ye doers of the ship of 5,305 for word, and not the SwissGerman hearers only, defield and 6,125 for ceiving your own the GermanAus- selves."This is trian mission.

the word of the Although this Master to all who was the birthday have accepted him, of the new misand is especially sion, it was not applicable to the the beginning of membership of the the work in this mission. We thus field. The first

feel that we have a baptism performed twofold activity in the territory to direct, that of now comprising the missionaries the GermanAus- and that of the trian mission was membership. performed by EldSunday, August er Franklin D.

2 3, 19 2 5, at Richards, one of

Chemnitz, Gerthe Twelve Aposmany, an operatles of the Church tion was performof Jesus Christ of ed upon the SwissLatter-day Saints,

German mission, and the person under the direction baptized was none of President James President Hyrum W. Valentine other than our

E. Talmage of the own beloved Dr.

European mission, which resulted in Karl Godfried Maeser. This initial

the creation of the GermanAustrian act was performed in the Elbe River mission, with headquarters at Koenat Dresden, about a mile below the igsbrueckerstrasse 62, Dresden. Others Augustus bridge, on the night of Ocpresent were Sister Talmage, Prestober 14, 1855. A marvelous maniidents Hugh J. Cannon of the festation of the gift of tongues was

SwissGerman mission, Fred Tadje of enjoyed by President Richards and the new GermanAustrian mission, Brother Maeser on that night as they

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 237

walked and conversed upon the prinThe task of modernizing the orciples of the Gospel while returning ganizations went rapidly forward and to the city from that remarkable bapsoon we had BeeHive Girls, Boy tism. With such a beginning it is inScouts, and M Men in all our Mutuals,

deed difficult to estimate what the desand activity provided for all, which tiny of the GermanAustrian mission resulted in enthusiasm on every side.

shall be. Not alone the Mutuals, but every orIn honor of this great man, a suitganization which was in the mission

able memorial tablet is inscribed and or that should be within the mission placed in the front wall of that humble was stimulated, until our workers behouse, Zachailaerstrasse 10, Meissen, came bees and our organizations verwhere he first beheld the light of day. itable bee hives.

Under the direction of Dr. James E. This work was carried over into our

Talmage, president of the European districts, so that the conferences were mission, and in the presence of a great transformed into district conferencethrong that had assembled to do honor conventions, with departments for all to their townsman, and view with organizations, and as far as possible, curiosity a rather unique service, it was a subsection for the various classes.

unveiled on November 19, 1926. During 1927, there were twentyeight

On January 1. 1927, the first numsuch conferenceconventions held, and

the workers were clamoring for others.ber of Dec Wegioeiser. a joint publication of the two German missions, During the early part of 1927 the

appeared as a successor to Unsere Sonnspirit of the Lord whispered: "Two

tagsschule, which had been appearelders shall labor together, no more, less. Where the work has growning quarterly for some time before as no

the organ of the Sunday Schools. The beyond the capacity of two men the

Wegioeiser carries, in a most excellent remedy is to divide the work rather manner, material and suggestions for than increase the number of elders."

all organizations of the Germanspeak- One elder alone is lonely, and more ing missions, and is a marked step forthan two as companions is wasteful of ward in establishing standards of effienergy. Another whispering came,

ciency, and bringing about unity of "Local people for branch work and the action. The natural outgrowth of this missionaries for preaching the Gospel

movement was the appointment of a to those who have not heard it or have general superintendent of the auxiliary failed to heed it."

organizations, with assisting commitThe basis of missionary work is tees, for the supervision of this work tracting, and the panacea for the ills and the preparation of outlines. This of the missionary is more tracting. All

honor fell upon Martin Elmer Chrisdistrict presidents reach out for the tensen, who was made the first general man who leads in tracting, even though superintendent of Sunday Schools and they themselves may not be able to do

Mutuals in the mission, on February much. The Lord is the most just of

15. Although at the time he was all paymasters and the only unreill and his body racked with rheustricted activity which we have is tractmatic pain, he immediately received the ing. To increase our pay we need but

inspiration of the Lord in connection to speed up the work, and the unwith this calling, and entered upon limited field is tracting. All other acthe work as though he were in the tivities must be arranged for, but in

best of health. It was not long until this field we are free to go and continue

he was actually in that physical conat our pleasure. During the month

dition of health, and was filled with of August, 1927, all elders were enspiritual enthusiasm. gaged in country work, tracting and

238 IMPROVEMENT ERA

visiting and traveling from door to increased expenditure, for there are door and from village to village, as many who expend less.

was the practice in the days of the In honor of the 100th anniversary

Master himself, and in the early rise of the delivery of the plates by the of the present latterday work. They Angel Moroni to the Prophet Joseph

depend upon the Lord and his chilSmith, a Book of Mormon campaign dren for refreshment and entertainwas launched for the month of Sepment. Although many of them were tember. More Books of Mormon were

penniless, they nevertheless testify that sold during this month than in the they "felt like a million dollars,"whole of the rest of the year. Elder

which is far better than actually to Arthur Gaeth went through the mispossess a million dollars. The average sion with a lanternslide lecture on the

The Interior of the Mission Chapel at Dresden, Germany

tracting per man for the month of antiquities of America, and was able to

August was 126 hours. hold 38 such lectures at which there

The "bell weather"tracter for the were 8,884 persons present. Parker

mission for the year 1927 was Ezra Thomas, of Lowell, Wyoming, led

Tobler of St. George, with a total of the missionaries in the sale of Books

1,1 14.5 hours for the year, or an averof Mormon for the month with 93.

age of 92.8 hours per month throughFritz Lehnig excelled all members in

out the year. The mission average for the disposal of said books for the same

the year was 56.6 hours per man, and period with 37, and Sister Ellen B.

the average cost per missionary was Valentine sold exactly 22 on the 22nd $30.26 per month. If your son is of September, in a single day's acspending more than this amount you tivity, and says that she was not turned

may well investigate the cause for such down in a single instance. At any

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 239

rate, she did not accept "turn downs."Louis M. Ballard was appointed the

The Maeser 100th anniversary and first district president.

the general missionary conferencecon- April 20, 1928, the GermanAus- vention held at DresdenMeissen, Jantrian mission became a recognized enuary 1420, 1928, was the most contity in the German Republic, being suming spiritual outpouring that we registered as a "Verein"with all rights have ever experienced either at home or and privileges of existence, and transabroad. At the Maeser services in acting business in its own name as a

Meissen a throng of people was in atjudicial personality. This is perhaps

tendance and the rapt attention of all the most direct official recognition was simply marvelous. United States which the Church has thus far received

ConsulGeneral, A. T. Haeberle, Dresin this land. It is, however, of more

den, delivered an eloquent address, in than passing importance to recall that which he paid glowing tribute to Dr. through the energetic action of United

Karl G. Maeser and his associates. The States ConsulGeneral A. T. Haeberle,

street in which the exercises were held Dresden, the foreign office of Saxony was closed to traffic during the time of first and later the German National the exercises. In the evening, in one Foreign Office took action favorable

of the most attractive halls of the city, to the "Mormon"missionaries, with a public meeting was held at which respect to restrictions placed on their 410 people were present and were passports by the German ConsulGen- furnished a Pentecostal feast. As a eral at Montreal, Canada.

direct result of this, favorable writeThe Green Gold FreudEcho (echo ups appeared in the important daily of joy) was the crowning event of papers of both Dresden and Meissen, our organization work. A combinedand the Associated Press heralded the attendance of 4000 participated in the

event around the world. Today we functions held in Berlin, May 26, 27

are holding our meetings in the "Little and 28, which consisted of contests,

Red School"in which Brother Maeser tryouts, socials, banquets, presentawas a teacher 75 years ago, and just tions, religious services, dramatics and recently we organized a Sunday School field sports. A special feature of thisthere. celebration was the presentation of the

The last day of this neverto-beflag of the German Republic to each of forgotten occasion was a fast and testiour 29 troops of L. D. S. Boy Scouts,mony meeting, beginning at 9:00 a. by the mission president. Two of them. and continuing, with two interbig daily newspapers of Berlin gave us

missions of 10 minutes each, until most favorable writeups of the ac- 6:30 p. m., during which time testitivities. Computing the space given usmonies were given by 1 32 missionaries. in the reading columns at the adverAt various times during the day tears tising rate, the space was worth 898bedimmed the eyes of strong men and

marks, or a little more than $200.devoted women, while others arose in

Better than all this, however, is thegroups for fear of losing the opportunity to testify of the joy of their fact that hundreds of thousands of souls and the goodness of God. Berlin's numerous population of four

On February 20, 1928, the 11th millions were made acquainted with district of the mission was organized our message through their own mediin Upper Silesia, where, so far as is ums. Just today an important press

known, there were absolutely no article was asked for from Budapest.

press seems anxious to print favorfriends or members of the Church in The the entire district. It was named the able matter for us.

Hindenburg district, after one of the The present status of the Germanmajor cities located there, and Elder Austrian Mission is:

240 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Elders from Zion 121 L. D. S. Boy Scouts 248

Fulltime local Elders - 13 Troops 29

Total membership of the mission 7,214 M Men About 40

Places in which we are at work107 Relief Societies 49

Sunday Schools 61 Membership 1,682

Enrollment. 4,8 6 The combined strength of PriestAverage Attendance 4,052 hood is 829

Total officers 796 Mutuals in the Mission 42 We have two immediate and pressEnrollment 2,466 ing missionaries to push needs—more

Average Attendance 2,123 the work along, and the use of the

Officers and Teachers 496 German school buildings for our meetBee-Hive Swarms 58 ings, classes and organization funcEnrolled girls 446 tions.

The Tongan Mission

By President J. A. Cahoon

Tonga! Wonwhich is the seat

derland! Wonof the Tongan

derland from Government, and many different also mission points of view. headquarters, is

It is beautiful to situated on the behold, having south, with Haaone of the most pai 114 miles charming harbors and Vavau 171 in all the world. miles to the

Of all South Sea north. Samoa is

island climates 506 miles north

Tonga's ranks and east, and Fiji first. One is ever is 420 miles

loath to leave northwest. and

after once becomNew Zealand is ing acquainted 1,100 miles with the place south and west and learning to of Tongatabu.

love the natives. The Tongan

There are three Islands were first main groups, or opened for misdivisions, in the sionary work of

Tongan or the Church of Friendly islands, Jesus Christ of i. e., Tongatabu, Latterday Saints

Haapai, and Vain the year 1893.

vau. Each of It was then just

these groups is the Tongan dismade up of hunpresident J. a. cahoon frfo of the Sadreds of small islands. Tongatabu, moan mission. The work continued

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 241

for a few years and then was abanefforts, with much fasting and prayer, doned until 1907. From that time the public mind was so impressed that,

until the present the work has conin the latter part of 1924, the law was tinued steadily onward. repealed. Friends and investigators

On April 3, 1916, the Tongan was were made of the Europeans residing separated from the Samoan mission and here, as well as many of the natives, became what is now known as the some of them of noble blood.

Tongan mission. Internal troubles have arisen in the

The history of the work in this government as well as between the field makes a beautiful drama, so it different denominations. Even the

seems, which has been enacted through queen changed churches and tried to very trying circumstances, and which force the natives to follow her.

has only been able to attain its present To this day the troubles and diffilevel by the help of Almighty God. culties have not been settled and will

As in other missions, so in this one, not be until the leaders have fully rethe pioneers of the work showed that pented of their actions against the same spirit which our grandfathers and Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday grandmothers showed in crossing the Saints, although there has been a complains years ago. But now conditions plete change of feeling toward the

are much improved and with fewer Church since 1922.

hardships than in previous years. The Because of all these troubles the

natives are no longer barbarians but natives have an increased desire for are advancing as civilization advances. something real and tangible in a reTime and space will not permit an ligious way and are more willing to

explanation of the many incidents in listen to the Gospel message than ever the Tongan mission's history which before. The time is ripe for the soware of importance, i. e., the prophecy ing of the seeds of truth throughout

of President Willard L. Smith of his Tonga.

preaching the Gospel in the king's The year 1927 was a very successpalace at the king's request, and its fulful one for the Tongan mission in fillment, or of the persecution and anmany respects. Our faithful and enertagonism shown by the government getic little group or family of missionofficials toward the elders. aries, united with the native Saints,

During the visit of Elder David O. have done much to proclaim the GosMcKay, of the Council of the Twelve, pel by precept as well as by example.

in 1921, he spoke concerning the anAlthough statistics show only thirtagonism of the government, "No govteen converts baptized and eight chilernment and no man can raise a hand dren of members baptized, twentyagainst the Church of Christ without eight children blessed and recorded in bringing punishment upon itself. And the Church books, etc., there were

I say this in the authority of my aposmany people who heard the Gospel tleship."This has surely come true message and many investigators were

in Tonga's case, for the persecution found throughout all the islands.

and antagonism continued until, in There were 1,113 members on record 1922, a law was passed prohibiting at the beginning of the present year, the entrance into Tonga of all "Mor95 of whom hold the Priesthood.

mons."Through the kindness of the First

This served to unite the native Presidency, we have been able to reSaints and the elders from Zion under model, clean and renovate completely the leadership of President M. Vernon the mission home, build a new dwellCoombs as no other thing could. After ing house on the mission's 75acre

two years of strenuous and unceasing plantation at Makeke, where our mis242 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sion school is located, and to build an not even allowed to enter their homes elders'home in the Haapai district at again after having been baptized into

Bagai, Lifuka. Thus much of the time the Church. They are called on to

of our elders has been taken up in manendure many hardships and persecuual labor as well as in teaching school tions for the Gospel's sake, even as and preaching the Gospel. Christ said, "And ye shall be hated of

Tracting and proselyting and holdall men for my name's sake: but he

ing meetings among the natives is very that endureth to the end shall be interesting work and is much enjoyed saved."Matt. 10:22. But great is,

by all the missionaries. It enables the and greater shall be their reward in

elders to be with them and learn their heaven if they stand firm and true to native habits and customs, and teach the end.

Mission Home and Chapel, Nukualofa. Tonga

them the simple truths of the Gospel During a recent conference the writer step by step. There is nothing which was called to administer to an old

the natives like better, or which makes lady, a nonmember, who was sick the elders learn to love them more than with influenza. Before doing so I questo associate with them in preaching the tioned her concerning her faith in the

Gospel. power of the Priesthood to heal her

It is a testimony to the missionaries sickness. She answered: "My husto see the wonderful faith which many band is dead, and all my children have

of our Saints have in the power of the joined the Church of Jesus Christ of holy Priesthood in the healing of the Latterday Saints. For years I have

sick. Seldom does a person join the tried to convince my children of their

Church without becoming an outcast mistake and would not permit them to from his family. In fact, many are speak to me concerning their religion.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 243

But in listening to the sermons of your best suited than our beloved leader, missionaries and reading and studying President Heber J. Grant.

your tracts and literature and by fastIt should never be a question of how ing and prayer, I have gained a testimuch the missionary is going to gain mony concerning the truth of the from his experience; but, rather, how

Gospel. I have implicit faith in much is he able to do for the mission

your teachings and in the power of the how best can he serve the interests of

Priesthood in healing the sick. Please God and humanity.

administer to me so that I will be well Upon each and every member of and able to attend the baptismal servthe Church of Christ rests the responsiices tomorrow, for I wish to be bapbility of preaching the Gospel to tized."And she was in perfect health "every nation, kindred, tongue and

the following day and was baptized. people."There are a chosen few who

"Behold, the field is white already are endowed with the power and auto harvest; therefore, whoso desireth thority from on high to travel andto reap let him thrust in his sickle with preach the Gospel throughout thehis might, and reap while the day length and breadth of the world. Theylasts, that he may treasure up for his should prepare themselves by an insoul everlasting salvation in the kingdom of God."Doc. and Cov., Sec. tensive study of the Gospel principles.

With this store of knowledge, the true11:3. Especially is the field white

already to harvest in the Tongan misand humble servant will, by the power instill in the heartssion, and we need more missionaries of the Holy Ghost, to harvest this corner of the vineyard. of his listeners the message of Christ

To all young men and women of and him crucified.

the Church, I wish to say that it The Tongan mission is proud of the matters not to which mission you are fruits of the labors of the faithful sons called to labor, whether North Amerof Zion, and will ever welcome more ican, European, or Island mission, of them to this field of labor. The

there is no one on earth who knows prospects are bright and we look for better to which field of labor you are even greater success in the future.

The One

Two thousand years ago there was One here on this earth who lived the grandest life that ever has been lived life that every thinking man, with yet,—a

deeper or shallower meaning, has agreed to call divine. I read little respecting his

rights or his claims of rights, but I have read a great deal respecting his duties.

Every act he did he called a duty. I read very little in that life respecting his

rights, but I hear a vast deal respecting his infinite, wrongs wrongs,—wrongs

borne with majestic, Godlike silence. His reward? His reward was the reward

that God gives to all his true and noble be cast out in his day and ones,—to

generation, and a lifeconferring death at last. These were his rights. Fredrick

W. Robertson: Lecture to Working Men.

The Returned Missionary The Foreign Legion of the Church young people of their own age, which sends back to headquarters one thouis, perhaps, the least difficult of the sand soldiers annually. This, of course, adjustments which are necessary; and

is an approximate number. They those who have been abroad must rehave been marching in the ranks, so to new their acquaintance with real

speak, facing their problems under American life.

chosen leadership whose sole duty it Practically one hundred per cent of was to direct them. Suddenly these these missionaries come home detersoldiers, commonly known as missionmined to do right, but this determinaaries, find themselves at home, face to tion when met by the insidious influface with difficulties of which they ences which abound everywhere, not

have never dreamed and which they the least of which is inactivity, too must meet and overcome singlehanded. often melts away. These men and the

One stake president recently exproblems which confront them reprepressed it thus: "They have been livsent a condition and not a theory.

ing in the clouds, and all at once they They are passing through a dangerous are dropped to the cold, hard earth."transition period, scarcely less critical

Nearly all of them go back to school than the youth who is just entering or marry very shortly after their rethe pubescent stage. In neither case is

turn. Either situation demands a comthe young man, without wise counsel,

plete change in their mode of life from fully capable of analyzing his own a financial point of view. Their feelings. Even from those whose dewhole thought has been concentrated votion to the truth is unquestioned,

on the Gospel. Nearly all their readone often hears the statement, made

ing has been along that line, and they with an earnestness that leaves no have talked of little else. They have doubt of its sincerity: "I wish I were

not been permitted to mingle with back in the mission field."

young people of opposite sex in a soSacred history furnishes abundant cial way, as was their habit at home. evidence that, from the very beginning,

Many of them have developed from it was necessary for a people to be conboyhood to manhood in a foreign stantly admonished, or it deserted the country, away from American institupath of righteousness. The Lord untions. derstands this tendency in his children,

Therefore, an economic, a spiritual, as do also his chosen servants; hence

a social, and, one might say, a political the perfect organization which, when adjustment of their lives must be made. properly directed, cares for every spirThey must find employment in comitual and temporal need of Church

petition with young men of similar members. Local officers are watchfully

age whose thoughts all the while have guarding their flocks, and the general been on the business of making money. authorities are traveling constantly,

After a life of intense spiritual activexhorting the Latterday Saints to ity, a life of prayer, of humility, of cling fast to the "iron rod."

preaching, they must adapt themselves One of the fundamental differences to comparative religious ease. They between this Church and other remust learn afresh to associate with ligious bodies is that the former, where

EDITORS'TABLE 245

it functions as the Lord intends, gives operating efficiently should be disruptspecific attention to the individual ed merely to give a position to some member, while the latter give general man recently returned from the misattention to the community. The resion field. There are numerous ways

turned missionary needs some of this in which interest in this class may be solicitous care. manifested, and these will suggest

The Era has no excuse to offer for the themselves to local officers and Church man who, after spending two or three members, if the matter is called, even years of his life in calling others to reindirectly, to their attention.

pentance, himself deserts a righteous In Australia a few years ago, efforts course. We all know he should be were made through the government to

eternally wedded to righteousness, do something for the boys who had should attend his quorum and other been in the trenches in Belgium and meetings, should take part in the classFrance. The people did not respond as

es, and by his activity keep alive the it was thought they should, and one of spirit which brought such sublime joy the soldiers remarked: "It took us four

to his heart while he was away. Very years to win the war, but in four

many of the returned missionaries do months the public has forgotten what this; indeed, practically all of them we did."It would be an unfortunate

except one here and there who was situation if any returned missionary careless before he left. had real cause to entertain similar

However, man's nature is such that views.

he seldom does his very best, and it is Recently one of the general author- a regretable fact that a much larger ities of the Church suggested to a percentage of missionaries become debishop that he hear oftener from a cerlinquent after their return than is the tain returned missionary, "a good case while they were absent in the field. speaker."who had been home ten

The reasons for this are more or less years, and only twice during that obvious. Some of them have already period had been called upon to address

been stated. Added to his other dif- a meeting in his own ward. The bishficulties, the missionary frequently finds op's reply was: "That man has had

himself in debt and very often without more than his share of opportunities.

a salary adequate for his needs, and in It would take me twenty years to hear this condition is almost certain to exfrom all the Priesthood in my ward."

aggerate any seeming slight. If this is the actual condition, and

In view of these facts, and we beif this bishop follows the advice, given lieve they are selfevident, the Era for many years, to call local men to promised in its prospectus that it would speak instead of constantly inviting print, from time to time, articles under speakers from the outside, it would the caption. "As the Returned Misseem that there should be about four

sionary Views It."One of these articles wards in that particular district instead

has already appeared, and we expect of one. It is not necessary in order

that others will follow. This feature to show consideration for a man to

was inspired solely by a desire to lead give him an entire evening. As eviour readers to look at the situation for dence of this, attention is called to the

a moment through the eyes of some of general conferences where so many these men who are passing through this short talks are made. Presiding officers

trying period of adjustment. The efwho follow a similar plan of procedfort of this magazine has always been ure will be surprised at the number

to make good men better and careless that can be heard in the course of a men good. year.

Naturally we do not advocate that We hope that officers and members a quorum or an organization which is of the Church will make an effort 246 IMPROVEMENT ERA

to get the viewpoint of the returned their souls while they were abroad.

missionary. And of course it is to be We have faith in the devotion of the

hoped that these young men, who have returned missionary, and careful surcheerfully given so much of their time veys made in some of the stakes indiand means to the cause, will cultivate cate that this faith is justified. Salvaand retain the spirit which bore testition, after all, is their own individual

mony to the divinity of this work to responsibility.—C.

Books

Three new books have recently ten book of pastoral and other poems, come to the editorial desk of the Era: as the title indicates, by Robert Sparks

Redemption, an Epic of the Divine Walker, also a well known contributor

Tragedy, by Octave F. Ursenbach, is to our columns.

an interesting poem, treating an exalted Flashes from the Eternal Sematheme. This writer is well known to phore by President Leo J. Muir of the

the Era readers, and in this little volLos Angeles stake, is an inspiring volume he has probably done his best ume, the reading of which will stimuwork, thus far. late every person to live up to his

My Father's Farm is a well writhighest possibilities.

Leadership Week at the B. Y. U.

"Education for the enrichment of rural life"is the theme around which all the activities of the annual Leadership Week, to be held at Brigham Young

University, January 21 to 26, will revolve. This theme was chosen partly

because the Utah State Farm Bureau convention will be held during part of the week in connection with the other exercises and classes, and partly because it is a subject which may well be stressed in the intermountain region where rural life is almost the only life there is.

Committees are busy upon plans for the week. They hope to work out

a program of study and entertainment which will meet the needs of all adults and especially those engaged in Church and civic work of any kind. The

auxiliary organizations of the Church were kept in mind while the program was being worked out, and their officers and teachers will find much help during the convention.

As in times past, the week's activities will be entirely free, both the instruction and the entertainment.

The world is blessed most by men who do things, and not by those who merely talk about them. James Oliver.

All matters pertaining to the Aaronic Priesthood in this department are prepared under the direction of the Presiding Bishopric.

Qualities of Leadership As the close of the year approaches consciously influenced by his appearance, the reports received at the Presiding manner, and tone of voice. Selfcontrol be

Bishop's Office from the stakes and comes, therefore, a vital attribute of a wards make a very interesting study, leader; to be calm, selfpossessed, and selfshowing the results of proper leaderconfident, even in the face of danger i;

ship and the failures where the spirit indispensable. The leader must not only

of enthusiasm is lacking. believe that he is right, but he must be so

it that he will convince everyone Our attention has been called to the sure of message prepared by Major General else, by everything he says and does, that

Charles P. Summerall, Chief of Staff. his plans and purposes are right. Thus he

will make men sure of success even thoughUnited States Army. We think this

message might apply as well to those the plans might not be the best that could leaders who are laboring for the salvahave been adopted.

a commander to his unittion of men as to those who are "The loyalty of called to establish peace and maintain is generally reciprocated. Loyalty works

it begins with the commander.order in this great nation. The foldownward,

is not loyal to his menlowing question is from this article: The leader who

will get little or no loyalty from them.

"Leadership may be denned as that inLoyalty from the subordinate to the senior tangible quality in a commander which is not a voluntary condition, it is not cainspires men to follow him through hardpable of being turned on and off like an ship and danger with confidence and aselectric light. Loyalty, like love, is an

surance. It is a quality needed in every involuntary reaction which manifests itself

commander from the senior general down, only in response to proper stimuli. Loyincluding the squad leader; for its lack alty may be latent or undeveloped but it is

invariably results in unnecessary loss of there in the breasts of your men, capable priceless lives, if not in disaster. In adof being aroused by proper stimulating

dition to tactical and technical ability, the conditions.

true leader possesses the power of con- "The soldier has a normal sense of justrolling and directing his men so as to tice. When recognition of a praiseworthy

create a teamwork which will bring maximum results. act is withheld he experiences discourage

ment and depression. His richest reward

"Impulses must come from the top. is recognition by his leaders. This may

The real leader initiates impulses for his vary from a single word of approval to the subordinates and adds force to those imhighest decoration or citation in accordance pulses which come from above. Having with the merits of the case. On the con-

a succession of such leaders, as it goes down trary, censure or blame rouses the equally through the chain of command, an order elemental quality of selfpreservation. The

gathers power, each subordinate leader adds man who humiliates his subordinates or his impetus, so that when the order reaches who abuses his authority will forfeit their the point of execution it carries irresistible respect and arouse their antagonism and forcefulness. even their hatred. Men want and admire

"Men must have trust in their leader firmness and positiveness, but command in order cheerfully to follow him, they must be exercised so as to leave no perread the expression in his face and are unsonal sting. True discipline comes from

248 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pride and not from fear. Arbitrary and read the foregoing quotation and that

harsh measures may be easier to adopt, but they will apply the good advice given they will multiply troubles out of all proto their own work and carry this mesportion to the gain. sage to each individual upon whom

"Men are pleased by having their suhas been conferred the Priesthood, enperiors know their names and something deavoring to have him become thorof their performances. While there are limoughly imbued with the spirit of

itations to such a knowledge by higher service which leads to success.

commanders, in the lower echelons a leader should make every effort to know his subThe Presiding Bishopric, ordinates personally and make them realSylvester Q. Cannon,

ize his individual interest in them."David A. Smith,

We trust every bishop will carefully John Wells.

Aaronic Priesthood Outlines The plan of the Aaronic Priesthood to be used in the discussion of the topwork for 1929 will conform, in genics affecting the training and welfare eral, to that which has been carried out of the members of the quorum. For

during this past year. The order of this purpose, and in order that the

business in the Aaronic Priesthood young men shall be properly qualified quorum or class meetings, in connecin the duties of the Priesthood, outline tion with the Priesthood-M. I. A. lessons are being prepared for the year

meetings each week, will be generally 1929 for each of the three grades of the same as that now being followed. the teachers and Priesthood—priests,It is expected that about fifteen minutes deacons. It is anticipated that these

of the quorum meeting period will be lessons will be available in book form devoted to the consideration of activifor each grade of the Priesthood on or ties: the checking up on attendance and about the first of January. It is dethe promoting of attendance, the persired that there should be a copy in the

formance of duty assignments, the hands of each member. They can be

consideration of the social and fraternal ordered direct from the Presiding Bishactivities of the quorum, etc., with any op's Office. The price of these bookinstructions that may be desirable by lets will be ten cents each postpaid, for

a member of the bishopric. each grade of the Priesthood. Checks

The remaining portion of the time, or money orders should be sent with probably twenty to thirty minutes, is the orders for the booklets desired.

"No man is good for anything who has not learned the easy, prompt, cheerful submission of his will to rightful authority."Washington Gladden.

"Success is sweet: the sweeter if long delayed and attained through manifold struggles and defeats."A. Bronson Alcott.

"Resolve not to be poor: whatever you have, spend less. Poverty is a

great enemy to human happiness; it certainly destroys liberty, and it makes

some virtues impracticable and others extremely difficult."Johnson: Boswell's

Life of Johnson.

"Repentance must be something more than mere remorse for sins: it comprehends a change of nature befitting heaven."Lew Wallace.

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT Closing Date of PlayWriting Contest Extended

In view of the fact that Mutual peotion 1 is made as to subjectmatter, but ple have been so busy since the openwe suggest a careful consideration ol ing of the season's work, and the multhe numerous dramatic events in the titudinous duties incident to Christmas history of the Latterday Saint people time, the request has been made that the or a theme dealing with the ideals of closing date of the M. I. A. Playwrit- the Church.

ing Contest be extended to January The prizewinning plays are to 31, instead of December 31, as anbecome the property of the General nounced in the Hand Book. After Boards. All other manuscripts will

due consideration, this request has been be returned or arrangements made for granted, and the attention of those their purchase. The play should be

who are preparing manuscripts for the unsigned and accompanied by a sealed contest, and also of others who might envelope containing the name and adnow want to participate, is hereby dress of the author and the title of called to this new arrangement. M. I. the play. Address: General Superin-

A. officers should give this information tendency Y. M. M. I. A., 47 E. South

to persons in their ward who are likely Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah.

to be interested. Following is the inThis is not to be confused with the

ducement offered: Improvement Era Storywriting Con1st prize. $50 test, the closing date of which is also

2nd prize $25 January 31, and in which prizes of

The offer is open to all. No limitathe same amounts are offered.

Remarkable Record in Life Memberships

Ward President Wray W. Hegsted, fortysix Life Memberships, which

of the Salem ward, Fremont stake, has makes 100% record. Congratulations

made an exceptional record in selling to Brother Hegsted. His fine exLife Memberships this year. In this ample, we hope, will prove inspiraward, with a population of 457, tional to other wards of the Church.

Brother Hegsted has sold, to date,

Program for Joint Session Sunday Evening. Feb. 3, 1929 Two Addresses on Companionship:

1. The kind of companionship deSuggestions: February is the Mating Month. sirable before marriage.

General Theme: Companionship a. Educational school mates, coland Marriage. lege comradeship.

Suggested Music: b. Social, or community, acquaint-

"Love at Home."ance.

"Let's Be Kind to One Another."c. Religious.

"Scatter Seeds of Kindness."d. Courtship.

"Home, Sweet Home."

250 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Some happily married 10 and did no little damage. No common man—

minutes. fence could keep them out of the field.

2. The kind of companionship deThe owner of the field felt that he would

sirable after marriage. be justified in shooting some of the deer,

a. Confidence companionship. notwithstanding they belonged to the

b. Council companionship. state, and it would be unlawful to kill them

c. Sacrifice companionship. during closed season.

d. Kindness companionship. After weeks of irritation and delib-

e. Parenthood companionship. eration, the man decided to take the law

into his own hands and get some venison. A woman who knows—10

minutes. Taking his gun he started out alone to

collect in his own way what he thoughtTwo addresses on Marriage:—10 minutes. was due to him, but which could not be

1. The universal sacredness of marcollected by law. He reached the farm.

riage. The deer were there, but he didn't col-

a. Significance of wedding festivilect. He just drove the animals off with

ties. as much scare as possible.

b. Value of wedding anniversaries. Why did he not shoot the deer? Be-

c. Varieties of marriage customs. cause he could not do it without shooting

2. The advantage of temple marthrough the law. And here was another

10 minutes. reason; he had been thinking of how he riages.—

a. For the individual. could answer the question of his lads at

b. For the family. home as to how he got the meat. The

c. For the state. responsibility of living as he had taught his

d. For the Church. children to was the deciding faclive—that

tor that placed him before himself as one

Read the following as preliminary who "stands for law, for the people who to presenting the slogan: live it, and for the officers who enforce it."

Bordering a large forest reserve is the And it was no wonder that a visitor ranch of Brother X. Part of the ranch to whom the Bishop made the confesis utilized as a variety farm. During the sion said:

summer months the deer invaded the farm "He is a better man than the ordinary."

ADULT DEPARTMENT

Karl G. Maeser

By Reinhard Maeser, Published by the Brigham Young University.

Reviewed by Dr. George H. Brimhall

The Introduction by Franklin S. after having had a bird's eye view of

Harris, President of the University, is it from the high land.

a brief but luminous presentation of what the illustrious educator was to The Contents:

the public and to his students. At the outset the reader is ushered

To read the biography in the light into the presence of Karl G. Maeser,

of the introduction is like following the man, as seen by the author, his the course of a river through a valley, eldest son. The first page of the volMUTUAL WORK 251

ume blazes with a pen picture not to exercise glowing with love and venerbe forgotten. With undisguised pride, ation.

the biographer introduces the highIn chapter twentyfive are three mesgrade ancestry and then leads directly sages of historical importance: 1, his

into the eventful life of his father. desire to "die in the harness;"2, the

At eleven years of age we find the manner of his passing, and 3, the newsboy temporarily blind from overstudy. paper comments on his departure.

At twenty we see him graduating from Chapter twentysix is devoted to college, and thus on and on one is led the "funeral services held in Salt Lake to the high points of historical interest City and the memorial services held in an eventful life of one in that class in Provo and gives several poems, of whom Longfellow wrote as reamong which is the song still being minders that "we can make our lives sung, "The Teacher's Work is Done."

sublime."Chapter twentyseven is dedicated

A considerable part of the material to "Expressions of Appreciation,"making up the volume is direct from most of which is taken from the the personal diary of Dr. Maeser and Young Woman's Journal. These exquotations from his class instruction pressions reveal Dr. Maeser as seen by

and public speaking. Each chapter is those whose lives were closely knit to

introduced by one of his maxims; such his by educational companionship.

as, "He who deceives another is a knave, The closing chapter, twentyeight,but he who deceives himself is a fool."holds a record of three events: First,

"The Lord never does anything arbithe movement to erect a Maeser Memtrarily.""No man shall be more exorial Building at Provo; second, the

acting of me or of my conduct than 'I dedication of a headstone over the am of myself."grave at Salt Lake City, the record of

The first twentytwo chapters carry which event gives in full an address by faith, philosophy, and facts, with here President Brimhall and a description and there a sprinkling of humor reof the monument; third, a statement

flective of the geniality of a soul, at of the cost of the building and an once approachable, yet dignified; tenaddress in full by the author of theder, yet adamant; obedient, yet combook, closing with the following benemanding; humble, yet unyielding. diction:

Chapter twentythree deals with his "God bless the generous donors tomission and educational work in Calithis monument; God bless the Latterfornia, and records the death of his

day Saints; God bless the great systemwife, a lady spoken of as "a woman father waswithout guile,"and closes with this of education in which my

pioneer factor; God bless the memorysignificant statement:

"As Karl G. Maeser was the first of Karl G. Maeser."

man, so was his wife, Anna, the first An appendix of testimonials, maxwoman to be baptized into the Church ims and sayings, completes the volof Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints ume. Among the testimonials that

in the Kingdom of Saxony, Gerof United States Senator Reed Smoot many."is the most extended and that of ProChapter twentyfour contains a fessor John C. Swenson is the briefest.

brief but sparkling account of the celeHe says: "Brother Maeser was a man

bration of Dr. Maeser's fiftieth anniof noble character and his nobility was

versary as a teacher, and records a poem contagious."

by Annie Pike descriptive of the venerThe book is a loving tribute of a able man and muchloved teacher, an loyal son to a noble father, it is a longaddress by Thomas Rees and a song wishedfor gift to the students of the rendered by a group of children, each great teacher; it is a faithpromoting

252 IMPROVEMENT ERA

contribution to Latterday Saint litermy fervent appeal, and we walked ature. home together, President Richards and

Preceding the title page is a picture Elder Budge at the right and left of of one who to me was the embodiment me, while the other man walked some at once of the simple faith of a child distance behind us so as not to attract and the manysided wisdom of a sage. attention. Our conversation was on

the subject of the authority of the

Three quotations from the book: Priesthood. Suddenly I stopped Elder

1. His first prayer: "O God, if Budge from interpreting the Presithere be a God, make thyself manifest dent's remarks to me, as I understood

unto me."them perfectly. I replied to him in

German, and again the interpretation 2. His first covenant:

I was also under- "On coming out of the water, I was not necessary, as lifted both my hands to heaven and stood by the President. Thus we

said, 'Father, if what I have done just kept on conversing until we arrived now is pleasing unto thee, give me a at the point of separation, when the manifestation as suddenly ceased as ittestimony, and whatever thou shouldst require of my hands I shall do, even to had come. It did not appear to be

the laying down of my life for this strange at all, while it lasted, but as cause'."soon as it stopped, I asked Brother

Budge what that all meant, and re- 3. His first special spiritual gift: ceived the answer that God had given

"There seemed to be no response to me a testimony."

Ten Outstanding Magazine Articles

Selected by a Committee of Librarians,

November, 1928 "The SoCalled Lost Battalion,"Henlast legs in Europe? Dr. Beard prery O. Swindler, in American sents the historian's verdict: Despite

Mercury. Mussolini and the Soviets, he finds

A praiseful but unvarnished history democracy gaining and shows why of one of America's finest military this is inevitable.

maneuvers, now a legend: How Major

is the Answer,"Cyrus Whittlesley's men attained and val- "The Canal iantly held an objective five days, alFrend Wicker, in Century.

though cut off from communication Why are we so vitally interested in and all supplies. Nicaragua? What ultimate advantage

is to be gained? A diplomat and

"The Mucker Pose,"James Truslow scholar who has had firsthand expeAdams, in Harper's Magazine. rience answers these important quesAn indictment of those gently bred tions.

Americans who adopt the speech and manners of longshoremen, to show "Our Revolt Against Ugliness,"Harthey are "good fellows."Mr. Adams lean James, in Review of Reviews.

scathingly portrays the muckerposeur America's "tincan civilization"is and tells him to stop imitating his giving way to beauty. In wide, open inferiors.

spaces there are more parks for nation, "Democracy Holds its Ground,"state, and city: in the crowded sections,

Charles A. Beard, in Harper's town planners bring harmony through

Magazine. intelligent utilization of space and

Is it true that democracy is on its building art.

MUTUAL WORK 253

"Should the Criminal Jury be Abolprotest: An interpretation of the

ished;"'Edgar Allen Poe vs. littleknown figure revealed by historMartin Littleton, in Forum. ical criticism; and a protest against the

Mr. Poe, attorney general for Marydistorted hypocrisy which has been

land, a state that has tried thousands practiced in his name.

of criminal cases without juries, takes the affirmative. Mr. Littleton, an at- "Smith, Hoover, and Prosperity,"

torney of wide practice and chief counForecasts by Nationally Known sel for Sinclair when he was acquitted, Business Men, in Forum.

says no. To what extent have political parties created prosperity or are likely to"Europe Ten Years After,"Dr. Julius create it in the near future. This

Klein, in Atlantic Monthly. article contains forecasts by eight promThe director of the United States inent business men on whether or not

Bureau of Foreign and Domestic Comprosperity will continue.

merce, outlines the important change in Europe's economic psychology since "Scarlet Journalism,"Silas Bent, in the Armistice, ten years ago this Scribner's Magazine.

month, ushered in a new chapter of The ballyhoo of lechery, started her history. with the BeecherTilton scandal,

"The Great Galilean,"Robert Kemble, reaches a new high point in the daily in Atlantic Monthly. press, while, as the author points out,

In the first part of a book on Jesus, scientific discussion of sex is taboo.

designed as an interpretation and a (Copyright, Harper Brothers Company.)

M MenGleaner Notes I. A. Song Folder. Joint Project: We Shall Promote and fun songs, M.

the Cultural and Aesthetic Value of pages 3686.

the Dance. Dramatizations. It is suggested

that the Gleaners prepare and present the play "Friendship,"in this issue of During the past four months the M preMen and Gleaner Girls have had as the Journal, and that the M Men their subject of study and activity, sent "Allison's Lad"or "The Traitor""Etiquette;"for January, "Dancing"(M. I. A. Hand Book, page 431).

(see December Era and Journal); for Both the Gleaner and M Men play

the remaining months they will turn may be given on the same evening or their attention to "Fellowship and Soif time prevents may be presented on ciability."As much singing and other consecutive evenings.

activities as possible should be introduced into this period. It is urged that Fellowship

Gleaner and M Men leaders take (For February 5)charge of this work themselves rather than class leaders. This session, on the We are social beings and shall confirst Tuesday, may be made one of the tinue to be so long as we live together

most interesting of the entire month. in organized society. When all is said

Suggestions for songs: Sociability and done we are fellowmen in pursuit

254 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of happiness. Because we live together is poor or ugly or has freckles, or

we must be considerate of each other. who is dressed in an oldfashioned

Each person looks out for himself but way, etc. They laugh at those who

as he does so he must be conscious of are at a disadvantage already. Grown

the welfare of others. There must be people do the same thing. It's usually

a feeling of fellowship among people the one who is conspicuous because if the greatest of happiness can be obof some handicap or deficiency that retained. In other words, most can be ceives the most abuse and neglect. If

had from life if there is a feeling of one is rich or goodlooking or attracsocial sportsmanship. tive, people often overlook his shortWhat is social sportsmanship? We comings; but they are inclined to

say that a football player who deliberemphasize, often under most unpleasately kicks an opponent in the face is a ant circumstances, the faults of the poor sport. Why? Because he took less attractive or more unfortunate.

unfair advantage of another to gain a There is a kind of a wound which is personal end. We say that a member far more painful than a physical bruise

of a group who refuses to do a legitior cut. It is a wound of the spirit or

mate thing that the group wants to do feelings. It is known as a psychological

is a poor sport. Why? Because he wound. It cuts deep and lasts a long

disregards the feelings of others to actime. An injury to the body will usu

complish his own desires. A good ally soon heal and the body be quickly

sport then is one who plays fair with restored to normal health. But a psyothers; he is one who respects others'chological wound lingers on, sometimes

rights to live and be happy. crushing the spirit of the wounded one,

Let us consider for a few moments often killing his ambitions, at times some of the relationships between humaking him bitter towards his fellowman beings that are desirable. In doing men, and continually giving him pain

so our attention will be directed toward and suffering. It's the psychological

a consideration of our relationships bewound that is inflicted by poor social tween people as a whole and of a young sportsmanship.

fellow towards a girl and of a girl None of us is perfect. We have all

towards a fellow, and a consideration done and thought things that we are of other phases of sociability and felashamed of, or at least that we would lowship. not like others to know. In most

Everyone is not always fair with of our lives unpleasant memories lineveryone else. This is due to many ger. Now if one person happens to

reasons: personal selfishness, prejudices, know something of this sort about anjealousies, misguidance, carelessness, other, has he any right to broadcast it?

etc. I see an acquaintance succeed much Is he a good social sport if he tells a

faster than I am able to do. I become thing, when the telling of it will injure

envious, and say things to hurt him. another, or lower him in the eyes of

I make the acquaintance of a friend of his fellowmen? Have any of us a

the opposite sex, but I may not like right to wound the feelings of another him or her, and I am offensive in my through gossip? The pain and unconduct. I pass a remark about anhappiness which this one thing has

other which belittles him in the eyes of brought to mankind is almost limitless.

others. In all these things I am unfair, "The tongue is fire,"Paul has told us.

a poor social sport. An ungrateful tongue can wound the

Who is usually subjected to most feelings of another beyond repair.

abuse from his fellowmen? As a rule, Every person who lives has somethe one who deserves the least. Chilthing about him which is worthy of

dren do not make fun of the pretty admiration. Can we not contribute

girl; instead they pick on the one who much to the happiness of each other by

MUTUAL WORK 255

making others conscious of the noble in thorns on its bushes?"Her sister anour associates? There is good and bad swered by saying, "I was thinking how

in everyone and everything. Let's thoughtful God was when he created

look for the good and talk about it if a thorn bush for putting roses on it."

we would be social sports. Let's look for the the roses—not

Remember the story of the roses. thorns. Let's talk about the good in

the bad. That's theTwo old ladies were walking in a each other—not

garden of roses. They were surrounded first step in good seefellowship—the

by beauty. One of the ladies put forth ing of good in others.

her hand to pick a rose. As she did so. * * *

she pricked her finger on a thorn. She Suggestions to leaders: Apply the

said to her companion: "Isn't it a ideas discussed in the lesson to the prinshame that God, when he created such ciples of etiquette as contained in pre-

a beautiful flower as the rose, put vious lesson.

Interpretation By Professor Edward P. Kimball, Taken Largely From the Author's

"Choristers'Manual"In "interpretation"is embodied its ultimate meaning: to read in, as

everything concerned with the reprowell as between, the lines. And then

duction of a song or a piece of music he has to train and develop his faculexcept the purely physical agencies emties of delivery, of vital production, ployed in bringing the notes into being to such a degree as to enable him to fix as sound, and even these are involved his message decisively, and with no in such a way as to make it impossible danger of being misunderstood, in the to think of interpretation without mind of the audience."

taking some of them into account, He might have gone on to say that among these being reading, voice, if one is to be able to understand a mesbreathing, enunciation, etc. sage for his own information, and if

The meaning of interpret is "to exthis understanding is to give him someplain, to elucidate, to make clear the thing intelligible for his audience, he meaning of,"and this definition holds must be able to read the language in good in music, for the performer finds which the message is written. The

that his task is to make clear to his more subtle meanings of language are auditors the message of the composer. plain to us only in proportion to our

In the matter of interpretation conknowledge of the true meaning of sideration of the composer cannot be words, and the uses of punctuation.

omitted, for, in the words of von Music and language are closely anaSternberg, the interpreter is a messenlogous. A knowledge of all the symger from the composer to the audience. bols and signs used in a printed page

And "as a messenger is accountable to of music is essential to a correct unboth sender and recipient of his mesderstanding of the composer's intent, sage, so is the interpretive artist in a because our present system of notation, position of twofold trust, and, thereis so complete and comprehensive as fore, a twofold responsibility. The to make it possible to express in minute

sender of his genius detail practically every effect desired, message—creative

behind him; before him sits an and the performer is weak or strong—is

expectant and confiding audience, the in proportion to his ability, or lack of sovereign addressee. The interpretive it, to read this music language easily,

artist, therefore, first has to enter into and with the same understanding of the spirit of his message: to penetrate its various subtleties, as he reads his

...................

256 IMPROVEMENT ERA

mother tongue. Therefore, it may be Vivacissimo (superlative of Vivace)

said that interpretation is founded upAllegrissimo (superlative of Allegro)on the written language of music—Prestissimo possible (hypersuperlative

notation. Added to this for the singer of Presto)

is the text, but the former must be These terms may be, and often are, studied as such, while the latter is one followed by qualifying words, in of the things we understand because it which case they should be looked up is the medium in which we express all in a music dictionary. The above are

our thoughts. the primary designations most comOne important factor in the written monly used to indicate tempo. Words

page which contributes to proper inwhich indicate change in tempo should terpretation is the tempo sign of the also be looked up. The performer

composition, which indicates the rate must know the meaning of every sign of speed desired by the composer. This and expression used on a page of music.

is made by the use of words—usually Because of difference in opinion as

must be known if the to the degree of speed designated by theItalian—which

performer is to get the correct concepwords given above, it is not possible tion of tempo. Briefly, these may be to indicate exact tempo without the

classified as follows: aid of the metronome. Each tick of

The very slowest tempo: the metronome is loudly audible and

Larghissimo (superlative of Largo) by the ticks the performer governs his

Adagissimo (superlative of Adagio) tempo. It is known as the "Maelzel

Lentissimo (superlative of Lento) Metronome,"and its use on a com-

A very slow tempo: position is printed M. M. (Maelzel's

Largo (from Latin a note and "largus"—broadMetronome) followed by

large). some figures, thus: M. M.=80 or

Adagio (at ease) just =80. The machine is regulated

Lento (slow) to allow the number of ticks at which

A slow tempo: the weight is placed to pass in a minute:

Larghetto (diminutive of Largo) viz.: at 80, eighty ticks per minute.

Adagietto (diminutive of Adagio) etc.

A moderately slow tempo: Another important factor in the exAndante (going or walking)

pressive performance of music is theAndantino (diminutive of Andante, loudness and softness of tone, desigmeaning literally "going less,"but, nated by the technical term "dynambecause of a misconception of the

The composer has much to term, now more frequently underics."

stood as meaning slightly faster than do with this phase of expression, and andante) in modern standard music indications

A moderate tempo: by the composers are plainly given in

Moderate the score, and yet a large part of the responsibility for proper dynamic con- A moderately rapid tempo:

Allegro (cheerful) trast rests with performer, and cerAllegretto (diminutive of Allegro tainly greater liberty is taken with dylittle slower than Allegro) namics than with tempo.

A very rapid tempo: Much of the emotional effect of a

Con moto (with motion) composition is conveyed by the changes

Vivo (lively). from "piano"to "forte"and vice

Vivace (vivacious) versa, the development of "crescendo"

Presto (quick) and "decrescendo,"the use of accents

Presto assai (very quick) on notes or chords, as well as the subtle

The most rapid tempo possible: shadings in the interpretations which

Prestissimo (superlative of Presto) are referred to as "dynamic nuances."

MUTUAL WORK 257

"Crescendo"is one of the most powerpiano assai, very softly ful means at the disposal of the permezzo piano (mp), moderately softly former, and should be thoroughly unforte (f ), loudly derstood, even though its use is varied. fortissimo (ff), very loudly—superThe safest rule to follow is to assume lative of forte

that "crescendo"means increase, and fortississimo (fff), as loudly as posshould not be thought of otherwise sible unless it is followed by one of the piu forte, more loudly many qualifying expressions, which, il piu forte, most loudly if they are to be understood, must be il piu forte possible, as loudly as poslooked up in a dictionary. From this sible

definition it is logical to infer that mezzo forte (mf ), moderately loudly crescendo must begin with the degree fortepiano, loudly followed immeof tone that is being employed in the diately by softly passage in which the direction is found. forzando, sforzando, (sf or sfz), forFor example, if the passage is being sato (fz), sforzato (sfz). These

done softly the crescendo should begin words indicate that a single note or softly and form an increase to the chord is to be accented, the amount quantity of the passage; on the other of stress depending upon the charhand, if the passage is loud, the cresacter of the passage

cendo will begin loud, and increase acAlso the sign resembling a caret, on cording to the length it is to be obits side or pointing upward.

served. This points out two misconreinforzando (rnf ), rinforzato (rfz)

ceptions of the use of crescendo which reinforced, a definite increase in are often heard. Some performers bepower extending through a phrase

gin every crescendo loud, irrespective or passage of the degree of loudness or softness of crescendo (cres), gradually louder, inthe passage; or soft in every instance, dicated also by lines beginning at a

causing in either case an abruptness and point and gradually separating to variation in the interpretation which is indicate an increase in tone illogical, and which destroys the emodecrescendo (decres), diminuendo tional effect of the rendition. Then (dim), gradually softer, indicated

there is the common disposition to also by lines beginning some disaccelerate the tempo with every crestance apart and running together cendo, and retard it with every deto a point, the opposite to the above crescendo, both being bad faults where crescendo poco a poco, becoming it is not directed, or where the context louder little by little does not warrant it. Often the exact crescendo subito, becoming louder imopposite in each case would prove mediately

much more effective. The achievement crescendo m o 1 t o. becoming much

of a perfect and consistent crescendo louder is greatly to be desired. crescendo al fortissimo, becoming

Following is a list, quite comprelouder until fortissimo has been hensive, of the commonest terms used reached by composers to indicate dynamic efcrescendo poi diminuendo, crescendo e fects: diminuendo, gradually louder and

pianississimo (ppp), pianissimo posthen gradually softer as possible crescendo ed animando, gradually sible—softly

softly diminuendo al pianissimo, graduallypianissimo—very (pp), superlative of piano louder and faster

piano (p), softly softer until pianissimo has been piu piano, more softly reached il piu piano, most softly morendo, perdeneosi, smorzando, cal258 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ando, gradually dying away, softer way be made to stand out above the and slower by small degrees other parts. This may be done in

con amore, with tenderness two ways:

con bravura, with boldness "1. By making the melody louder

con energia, with energy than the other parts.

con expressione, expressivo with ex- "2. By subduing the other parts

pression sufficiently to make the melody promcon brio, with brilliancy inent by contrast.

con fuoco, with fire "The second method is frequently con passione, with passion the better and should more frequently con grazia, with grace be made use of in ensemble music than con tenereza, with tenderness is now the case in amateur performdolce, gently (literally, sweetly) ances."

giocosso, humorously Again, he says:

giojosco, joyously "In polyphonic music containing con maesta, maestoso, majestically imitative passages, the part having the pastorale, in pastoral style subject must be louder than the rest, pomposo, pompously especially at its first entrance. * * *

scherzando, scherzoso, jokingly In vocal music the accent and cressotto voce, with subdued voice. cendo marks provided by the composer

In his helpful book on conducting, are intended merely to indicate the

Gehrkens presents valuable suggestions proper pronunciation of some part of on dynamics, some of which are given the text. Often, too, they assist in the

below. Those remarks about instrudeclamation of the text by indicating

ments are applicable also to vocal the climax of the phrase, i. e., the

groups, so a study of them is recompoint of the greatest emphasis. The

mended. Among other things he says: dynamic directions provided by the

"The pianissimo of choruses and composers are intended to indicate only orchestras is seldom soft enough. The the broader and more obvious effects,

extreme limit of soft tone is very efand it will be necessary for the perfective in both choral and orchestral former to introduce many changes not music, and most conductors seem to indicated in the score. [This is imhave no adequate notion of how soft portant, but must not be abused!]

the tone may be made in such passages. All expression signs are relative, never

This is especially true of chorus music absolute, and piano, crescendo, sforin the church service; and even the zando, etc., are frequently overdone by

gospel singer, Sankey, is said to have amateurs. Both conductors and perfound that the softest, rather than the formers seeming to imagine that every

loudest, singing was spiritually the time the word crescendo occurs the permost impressive. formers are to blow or sing at the very

"Pianissimo singing or playing does top of their power and that sforzando not imply a slower tempo, and in means a violent accent approaching the working with very soft passages the effect of a blast of dynamite, whether conductor must be constantly on guard occurring in the midst of a vigorous, lest the performers begin to 'drag.'If spirited movement, or in a tender

the same virile and spirited response is lullaby."

insisted upon in such places as is deOn this point Berlioz says:

manded in ordinary passages, the ef- "Simple shadings become thick fect will be greatly improved, and the blurs, accents become passionate singing moreover will not nearly so shrieks. The effects intended by the

likely fall from pitch. poor composer are quite distorted and

"The most important voice from the attempts of the conductors to be the standpoint of melody must in some artistic, however honest they may be,

MUTUAL WORK 259

remind one of the tenderness of the ass The conductor may well be warned in the fable, who knocked his master against the commonest faults resulting down in trying to caress him."in poor phrasing, the avoidance of

The discussion of interpretation which will improve materially his will close with a short consideration choir's work. One authority cites as

of a very important the most common mistakes the followelement—phrasis similar to ing:ing, which in music

phrasing in language. In both cases 1. Taking breath unnecessarily in

it is a thought, incomplete, and formthe middle of the phrase.

ing a part of some larger idea, which 2. Breathing between the syllables

must be slightly, though definitely, of a word.

separated from the preceding and fol- 3. Dividing a long phrase improplowing phrases so that it may be unerly.

derstood. Nevertheless, it must be 4. Running over breathing places,rendered, in relation to foregoing and where a pause is really necessary inconsequent material, so as to take its

order to bring out the meaning of thepart as an integral part of the whole.

text.

It is necessary to emphasize the important words of a language and the 5. Pronouncing the unaccented

at the end of amost significant tones in a music syllable of a word phrase with too much emphasis.phrase, as well as to subordinate the

lesser important parts in such a way as 6. Failing to stress the climax sufto project the whole as complete and ficiently.

clear. It is not necessary here to draw These mistakes are most frequently

attention to the importance of phrasmade, because the singer fails to base ing in the reading of a language, since his phrasing upon the text, but conone could scarcely convey the meaning siders only the music. One can apply

of the thought groups to the listener the principles of oral expression to without causing the important elephrasing in music with profit.

ments to stand out by stressing them If one will examine sacred song and separating each from the other. texts one will often see the reason for

While phrasing of music is not so easy careful phrasing. For example, if the

to understand or to effect, because of poet writes:

the absence of symbolism, it is neverJesus lives! no longer nowtheless quite as important in the exCan thy terrors, Death, appall us!pressive performance of music as it is and the choir or singer phrases it:in language. To quote Gehrken again: Jesus lives no longer now,

"In order to interpret properly, the Can thy terrors, Death, appall us?

conductor must first of all determine the result is not true, but this sort of what tones belong together in a group; thing is met constantly. Even in long

must make the individuality of these phrases which cannot be sung without groups evident by slightly separating breathing, care must be taken to make them, but usually not to the degree of the punctuation so that it does not distributing the basic rhythmic flow; change the text.

and must manage the dynamics and Subsequent lessons will deal in more tempo of each phrase as to make its detail with the breath and its effects.

content clear to the listener."Sufficient has been given under the title,

In vocal music, the task is not dif- "Interpretation,"to furnish the chorficult, because the composer has generisters with some definite helps in renally adapted his musical phrase to the dering properly any page of music text, and all that is necessary to do is closely in harmony with the comto follow the phrasing of the text. poser's intention.

260 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Efficiency Report for November, 1928

*- c o uC 00 o a a ]> '3 c DO 4-1 c01 g..S a E VI 4—*-u< STAKE bo 4-1S

'5 <.a.8 gc 4-1 13 ri "C (U 6 bO a Soca C3 a c3.5O E PU S QJs >< o Q

Bear River 9 10 6 12 5 6 5 29 8 4 1 7 2 18 10 10 5 21 5 10 Beaver.—

Box Elder 21 15 11 12 15 10 11 27 10 10

Cache 10 14 7 13 10 10 15 15 8 5

East Jordan. 17 20 12 13 19 10 12 25 1 6

Emery 6 7 6 15 4 4 4 13 2 4 Ensign 19 19 11 14 19 10 10 29 6 3

Granite 18 19 7 12 11 9 12 22 2 1

Grant 10 14 5.. 9 6 6 20 10 4

Gunnison 13 21 12 10 16 7 12 18 10 11

Lehi 12 16 15 10 8 8 2 8 5 17 Liberty 22 21 9 13 20 10 15 33 5 9

Millard 9 13 9 14 6 6 7 13 4 Nebo 11 9 8 8 8 6 6 14 3 8 North Davis.. 16 21 9 12 18 10 13 23 7 9

North Sanpete 15 18 8 13 14 9 8 23 6 2

North Weber 12 11 9 14 7 8 14 17 10 5

Ogden 6 7 3 5 8 4 20 1 3 Oquirrh 16 16 11 12 12 10 10 15 4 8

Parowan 13 10 9 10 4 6 2 10 12 2

Pioneer 15 16 9 12 18 10 13 24 2 4

Portneuf 1 6 5 10 6 4 7 7 4 Roosevelt 14 8 7. 14 4 2 3 3 3 4

Salt Lake 17 16 8 12 15 9 11 22 7 5

Sevier 30 21 13 16 20 10 10 32 7 7

South Davis 22 20 13 13 20 10 13 34 4 20 1 1 15 10 10 37 5 10 South Sanpete 1 n 15 9

South Sevier. 1 io 9 7 10 10 5 3 12 5 5

Uintah 1 4 4 2 14 3 5 2 - Weber. 1 14 15 8 13 14 9 14 21 6 6

Blaine 1 7 6 6 17 5 3 5 2 2 Franklin.. 1 15 15 11 13 11 7 6 18 10 7

Fremont 1 4 16 10 12 19 10 13 24 10 7

Idaho 1 9 18 1 9 10 10 10 7 10

Idaho Falls.. 1 15 15 12 14 15 9 8 18 9 9

Malad 1 13 17 9 11 16 10 8 20 10 15

Minidoka 1 8 1 12 11 | 7 8 6 5 15 8 12

Pocatello 1 13 | 10 9 1 12 9 6 6 16 5 5

Rigby 4 I 5 1 4 I 13 4 3 2 4 1 2

Shelley 13 | 15 12 | 9 4 8 6 20 5 9

Teton 5 1 5 | 17 | 8 6 4 3 2 7 4

Yellowstone. 1 11 I 10 1 5 I 18 10 10 10 9 1 5 3

1Big Horn io I 10 I 4 1 14 3 1 7! 7 8 1 3 1

MUTUAL WORK 261

V3 u a C UJ c s co T3GCD 'S> C a COe s CO 'o < 6 E STAKE bo nN a '5 < Mr3 o "J** 6 CX -aa r3 do O.5 -a

>-jO Q H tu h s o 2 < C/3 003 Hollywood 19 17 17 13 J is 10 16 22 6 12 147

Los Angeles 20 20 11 15 1 18 10 17 33 12 14 170

Maricopa - 12 15 13 14 18 9 13 23 6 10 133 15 12 9 15 16 7 10 17 20 13 134

Taylor - 13 14 11 15 13 7 9 23 14 7 126

Woodruff - 13 13 6 13 12 7 7 13 6 7 97

Young 13 13 11 18 14 10 16 6 2 103

California Mission 19 3 13 13 16 10 3 16 16 19 138

N. W. States Mission 17 17 18 14 17 10 1 10 16 18 15 152

Central States Mission 3 2 5 4 3 2 1 2 1 1 5 28

Public Obligation in Music Does not the community owe a great deal to the parent who spends his money, often hardearned, to provide musical training for his child? And to

the child as well, who sacrifices, sad to relate, many of the pleasures of childhood to develop his ability to play an instrument and ultimately to give the community a measure of aesthetic enjoyment? Should not the first duty be

to encourage those who show initiative, ability, and industry in music, and to assist them by supplying the training which the private individual finds beyond his scope to provide? Should not the community come to the aid of

the private teacher and make his work more vital and farreaching by furnishing his pupil with the opportunity to apply the principles he is teaching and the ability he is developing?

I believe the most vital need today in the field of instrumental music is the working out, in all the schools throughout the country, of a general musical scheme of ensemble and orchestral training. This would supply a powerful

stimulus to those who already play, and would arouse interest in instrumental

Charles Kent, Supervisor of Music, Rock Springs Public Schools.music.—By

Wyoming.

John Milton

Milton, there is much I owe to thee,

Aside from word of inspiration flowing from that pen

Which gave to me a grasp of truth sublime

Concerning my primeval state beyond mere mortal ken.

1 see from out thy days in darkness spent.

The drama of a life, a soul with no desire for rest.

One mighty fact of service I have culled;

That just by patient waiting one may often serve the best.

Raymond, Canada HELEN KIMBALL ORGILL

EVENTS

Pioneer passes away. John Wicksiastically applauded. Secretary Kellogg

ersham Woolley, pioneer of 1848, died was made permanent chairman of the at his home in Centerville, Utah, early conference. One of the first actions

Thursday morning, Dec. 13, 1928. taken was to appoint a committee

Mr. Woolley first saw Salt Lake valley "charged with the duty of advising the

in 1848 when he was sixteen years conference with respect to the conciliof age. He made eight trips across the atory action which, if necessary, it

plains, acting as guide and captain. might render, cooperating with the inMany of the maps used by the emistrumentalities now employed in the

grants were made by Mr. Woolley. friendly solution of the problem"beHe was born in Westchester township, tween Bolivia and Paraguay. The

Pennsylvania, on December 31, 1831. members of this committee are, Dr.

He was one of the first policemen in Maurtua, Ambassador Ferrara, Dr.

Salt Lake. He held various positions Manuel Foster of Chile, Ambassador

in the Church. Gurgel Do Amoral of Brazil and

Joseph Hyrum Moesser, who arCharles Evans Hughes. The Bolivian and Paraguayan ministers to Washrived in Salt Lake valley in 1847, died

ington also would serve on the comat a hospital in Salt Lake City, Dec.

mittee.10, 1928. He was born October 11,

1836, in Beaver county, Pennsylvania. The Council of the League of NaHe is survived by the following chiltions convened Dec. 10, at Lugano.

dren: Edwin F. Moesser, Frank D. Switzerland. Great interest was maniMoesser, Mrs. Martha Todd, Mrs. fested among the delegates regarding

Maud I. Warr and Mrs. Belle M. Macthe nature of the step which the

kay of Granger; fortythree grandchilUnited States may take in connection

dren and fortytwo greatgrandchil- with its reported intention to reopen dren; a sister, Mrs. Emma Gardner, of negotiations concerning entrance into

Payson. the world court. Among the quesis the reparPlot against Hoover. A statement tions before the Council

published at Buenos Aires, Dec. 11, ation problem and the removal of

territory.1928, was to the effect that an anarallied troops from German

chist plot to assassinate Mr. Herbert Archbishop "enthroned."Dr. CosHoover, by means of a bomb placed mo Gordon Lang, archbishop of Canon the railroad track, had been disterbury and primate of the Anglican

covered and frustrated. Fifteen hunchurch, was "enthroned"Dec. 4, 1928.

dred special guards were immediately in what is described as one of the most employed to insure his safety during colorful ecclesiastical ceremonials his stay in the Argentine republic. England has seen in many years. The

highvaulted choir of ancient CanterThe PanAmerican conference on bury cathedral, with its historic "St.arbitration and conciliation convened

Augustine's chair"standing alone inDec. 10, 1928, in Washington, D. front of the high altar before whichC, pursuant to a resolution adopted Thomas a Becket was murdered inat the last PanAmerican congress. All

1 1 70, was the scene of this extraorAmerican republics, except Argentina, dinary pageant.were represented. President Coolidge

greeted the delegates and was enthuBishop William J. Tuddenham, for

PASSING EVENTS 263

many years prominent in Church and and his young wife joined a wagon business circles, died in his home in caravan for California and Oregon.

Salt Lake City, Dec. 5, 1928, at the He settled first at Portland, then moved

age of eighty years. Born in England to a place south of Tacoma, and then

May 27, 1848, Mr. Tuddenham emto Puyallup. Four years he spent in

braced the Gospel early in life and England as an agent of the hop came to the United States, crossing the growers. Meeker retraced the Oregon

plains to Utah by ox team in 1864. Trail with an oxteam in 1906 and

He at once entered the contracting busifour years ago flew over the route in ness and built some of the first smelters an airplane piloted by Lieutenant Oakin Utah. He aided in the construction ley G. Kelley. His last years were

of smelters in Pueblo, Colorado. He spent in obtaining recognition of the

supervised the construction of a numheroism of the Oregon Trail pioneers ber of large buildings in Salt Lake by inducing communities along the

City and elsewhere. Among the buildroute to erect suitable markers. Few

ings constructed by him are the Hotel men have lived to see the development

Utah, L. D. S. hospital, Deseret gymof the communications of a country

nasium, Deseret Bank building and a from oxteam to pony express, railroad number of public schoolbuildings. and flying machines. Still fewer have

Mr. Tuddenham was counselor to the; lived to try all these means of translate Bishop Marcellus S. Woolley of portation. Meeker was one of these

the Twentyfirst ward and succeeded few.

George H. Wallace in the bishopric, Earthquake in Chile. The southserving until 1925. Surviving Mr. ern part of Chile was visited by aTuddenham are his widow, Mrs. Mary destructive earthquake Dec. 1, 1928.

A. Read Tuddenham, three sons, Wilin which a hundred lives were lost and

liam J., Jr., Joseph R. and John C. at least $12,000,000 worth of damTuddenham and a daughter, Mrs. J. age done to property. The city of

E. Langford, Jr., of Cedarhurst, L. I.; Talca was almost entirely wiped out14 grandchildren and two greatgrand- of existence. Other places affected

children. were Chilian. Curico, Pelezuen and

The seventieth congress reassembled Santa Cruz. Santiago and Valparaiso

Dec. 3. 1928, for its final labors. The were only slightly damaged, but sevopening ceremonies were brief. Witheral persons perished in the rush of the

in an hour the house adjourned for the people to safety, when the earth tremday, and the senate session lasted only ors first were felt. The government,

fifteen minutes. The message of Presfrom the fragmentary reports reaching

ident Coolidge to congress was read on the capital, was having great difficulty

Dec. 4. It was, as usual, a lengthy docin determining the exact number of

ument. The president reaffirms his pocasualties, but the most conservative

sition on the questions of the day, and estimate was more than 100 killed deals specially with farm relief, taxawith some ranging as high as 1 80. The

tion, economy, naval construction, number of injured was placed variously waterways, Boulder canyon, Muscle at from 300 to 500. The death toll

Shoals and restriction of immigration. and property damage continued to

Dec. 3, Ezra Meeker passes away. With grow says a later report. On

the death of Ezra Meeker in Seattle. the known deaths numbered 218; the

Washington, Dec. 3, 1928. a long and seriously injured 257: the slightly inremarkable career is ended. He was jured, more than 2000, and the homeborn at Huntsville, Ohio. Dec. 29, less, in the neighborhood of 20,000.

1 830, and in 1851 struck out for Iowa Sabbath desecration. R. H. Martin.

to homestead a farm. In 1852, he D. D,. of Pittsburgh, in a sermon here,

264 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Dec. 2, 1928, declared that there are was born in Salt Lake, August 11,

few places in America where so little 1858, the son of Nymphus C. and

regard is shown the Sabbath as at Sarah Barney Murdock. The family

Washington, D. C. The influence of went to Wasatch county to make their

the Sabbath breaking in the Nation's home in 1871. Mr. Murdock is now

capital, the speaker said, is worldwide. a member of the Utah Water Storage

The speaker further stated that there commission and is president of the are 83,000,000 living in the United Bank of Heber City, the Provo ReserStates who patronize commercialized voir company, the Utah Lake IrrigaSunday movies, while, at the same tion company and the Wasatch Livetime, much unnecessary labor and stock & Loan Company. For the

business are carried on every Sunday. past twentytwo years he has been

A devastating typhoon struck the president of the Wasatch stake of the Church. Mrs. Murdock was borncentral Philippine islands, Nov. 2224,

August 11,1 860, at Provo, the daugh1928, with the result that hundreds ter of William and Jemima Wright.of people perished, and thousands beShe has been active the greater partcame homeless. The typhoon was deof her life in L. D. S. Church affairs.scribed by Governor General Stimson

Mr. and Mrs. Murdock were marriedas comparable in force with the one

November 28, 1878, in the old Enwhich recently wrought havoc in dowment house at Salt Lake. TheyPorto Rico. Communication was diswere then residents of Wasatch county,rupted, but reports that trickled in

making their home at Heber.prior to today stated that the Islands

of Luzon, Samar, Romblon, Tablas, Something to be thankful for. The

Masbite, Mindoro, Cebu and Panay Rocky Mountain region—Montana,

had suffered severely. The town of Wyoming, Utah, Idaho, Colorado and

Legaspi, in southern Luzon, and the New covered with a Mexico—were

vicinity had 7000 homeless, but yesterheavy blanket of snow, Nov. 29.

day had so far recovered as to decline Some cities in Colorado and Wyothe relief brought by the cruiser Milming had from one foot to two feet of waukee. snow. The flakes, which fell conNew President in Mexico. The protinuously for thirtytwo hours, were

visional president of Mexico, Emilio hailed as manna in the farm belt of

Portes Gil, took the reigns of governthe mountain states. Livestock was

ment in Mexico, Nov. 30, 1928, to not injured; automobile accidents were

serve one year until the election of a singularly few and transportation and regular president. In his address to the communication systems were only

20,000 people present he pledged his slightly affected.

administration to a continuance of the Hoover in Honduras. Presidentpolicies of President Plutarco Elias elect Herbert Hoover was welcomed at

Calles, whom he succeeded. He made Amapala, Honduras, Nov. 26, 1928,

special mention of his hope of continuby a delegation from the capital, ing a mutual understanding with the Tegucigalpa, headed by the presidentUnited States. elect of Honduras, M. Don Vincente

Golden Wedding Anniversary. Mr. Mejia Colindres. He expressed proand Mrs. Joseph R. Murdock, promi found regret at the inability of the

nent residents of Heber City, Utah, Honduran president, Miguel Paz Baracelebrated their golden wedding annihona, to be present personally and exversary, Nov. 29, 1928. at the home pressed his conviction that the trip of

of their daughter, Mrs. Sylvester Mr. Hoover would be "most effective

Broadbent, 446 South Twelfth East in cementing relations between the

St., Salt Lake City. Mr. Murdock United States and LatinAmerica."

PASSING EVENTS 265

The battleship Maryland, which had Amapala. Mutual respect among

brought Mr. Hoover from San Pedro, countries was described later in the day

Cal., after a week's cruise down the by Herbert Hoover, in the second

west coast, was sighted off this port speech of his goodwill trip, to repreat 8:15 a. m., Nov. 26. The great sentatives of the republic of Salvador,

warship anchored at 9 a. m., east of as the "foundation of all sound interMenguerra island, Honduras, in the national relations."

Gulf of Fonseca, seven miles west of

Farm Freedom

The happiest people are those who live one immense racecourse. They put

close to nature, and where can one live wheels under their feet to make daylight closer to nature than on a farm? In order hours fly; they jazz away the nights that

to develop, humans must have freedom God made to heal the wounds left on the and live simply. The freedom of life heart and soul by the hurts of the day.

on the farm cannot be overestimated. Mentally and physically they keep themThe city dweller employs all his time selves in a continuous whirl, seeming to

earning money in order to buy the same give no thought to the fact that this old luxuries that his wealthy neighbor has. world is a fine place to worthlive—a

Most of his evenings are spent in crowded while place, if one takes things quietly and theatres or in overheated rooms at various calmly.

social functions, for he must entertain and The city with its skyscrapers, its treebe entertained. He has no time to enjoy bordered boulevards, its electric lights, its

the chirp of the cricket; he does not know attractive shop windows, is a thing to be

the delight to be derived from listening wondered at and admired, but how much to the music of the wind in the tree tops. more wonderful is the big golden moon

The peace and quiet of the farm can rising over fields of corn and wheat?

only be appreciated by spending a few Nothing can be more beautiful than a nights in the city where the street cars stretch of meadow where sleek, contented wail; where trucks rattle and bang along cows graze, no scene can surpass rolling

the pavements; where midnight revellers hills draped with the soft purple veils of

shout. evening, and never can city air equal the

Most farm folks work hard during sweetness that comes with the odor of the daylight hours, but night brings its newmown hay.

reward in quiet, unbroken, restful slumber. The manwho owns a few acres of

The days may seem long but a peacefulMother Earth should realize that he is ness permeates them that is utterly lacking one of the fortunate few who have freein the bustle of the city. dom. The mother who rears her children

The average span of life for the surrounded by reverent hills should go dweller in the crowded marts is much to her rest every night with a thankful shorter than for the farm individual. heart.

Time in the city speeds like the revolutions Fresh air, wholesome food, freedom of an automobile engine. from nerveracking noise, tiijed muscles

It becomes a tragedy when one stands that induce restful sleep, are a few of th:

apart and watches the velocity with which farm treasures that the combined wealth many city dwellers endeavor to make life of the cities cannot buy. D. C. Retsloff.

Buy and Read "REDEMPTION"By OCTAVE F. URSENBACH

A Comprehensive Fortyeight Page ZCMI UNIT SET CYCLORAMA. STAGE. IPWARD

Epic of the Divine Tragedy, in which is

Beautifully Disclosed the Creating, PeoWe Specialize in making up pling and Redeeming of the Earth with its Ultimate Place in the Roll Call of Stage Curtains and

Other Redeemed and Celestialized

Worlds. Draperies

Modern and up to the Minute. PRICE FIFTY CENTS POSTPAID

Our work shop is equipped with the very

latest appliances.

Order from Gall at Z. C. M. I.

Drapery Department OCTAVE F. URSENBACH

Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate 211 West 75th Street

FREE OF CHARGE Los Angeles, California

Nowadays when the skirt reaches the ankle the deduction is that something has slipped.- Norfolk Virginian Pilot.

"Next to a beautiful girl, what do you think is the most interesting thing in the world?"

"When I'm next to a beautiful girl, I'm not worrying—Virginiaabout statistics."Reel.

At the close of the November Fast meeting in one of our wards, the presiding officer arose and rather hesitatingly said: "I hope no one will attach

any political significance to my suggestion that we conclude by singing, 'Let "us oft speak kind words to each other.'

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. 33 WEST BROADWAY

COSTUMES. One of the main parts of every show

The essential of every masquerade

MASKS. A little diversion is good for the best of men.

PLAY BOOKS. Thousands to select from. The largest and the best list.

TOUPEES. The greatest factor to bring back your youthful appearance. Evening

Gowns, Wedding Dresses, Evening Suits. Silk Hats. Everything suitable for the

most select social affairs. We save you money.

Send to us for anything you need to make your leisure more pleasant.

Catalog free.

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

P. O. BOX 998 WASATCH 999

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Individual Sacrament Sets NOW IN STOCK Best in the market IT ill last a life time 36 glasses in each tray

RECOMMENDED BY PATRONS. REFERENCES FURNISHED

Made especially for D. D. S. Churches, and successfully used In Utah and

InterMountain region, also in all Missions in the United States, Europe, and

Pacific Islands. Basic metal, Nickel Silver, heavily plated with Solid Silver.

SIMPLE, SANITARY, DURABLE Satisfaction guaranteed. Inquiries cheerfully answered.

TWO OF MANY ACKNOWLEDGMENTS Mi. Carmel, Utah.

We have received the individual sacrament set in good shape and, speaking in behalf of the people of the ward, are very well pleased with the set.

Mink Creek, Idaho.

We received the sacrament set in good shape, and we are very well pleased with it.

We wish to thank you for your prompt attention.

Temple Block BUREAU OF INFORMATION Salt Lake City

"Do you know Lincoln's Gettysburg address?"

"No, I didn't even know he lived there."Purple Cow.

Doctor: "I'm afraid I have bad news for you. You will never be able

to work again."

College Student: "Whatda you mean, bad news?"Jack-o-Lantern.

*t* *p *p "p Teacher: "Now, Bobbie, tell us when is the harvest season?"

Bobbie: "From November to March."

Teacher: "Why, Bobbie, I'm surprised that you should name such barren

months. Who told you they were the harvest season?"

Bobbie: "Dad; he's a plumber."Birmingham (England) Post.

GROWN LARGE By DOING SMALL JOBS WELL

"Distinctive Printing In All Its Branches'

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the highest class of advertising. We recommend to oar

readers the firms and goods found In our advertising pages

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Jos. Wm. Taylor, Undertaker

Bureau of Information L. D. S. Business College

DaynesBeebe Music Co. Salt Lake Costume Co.

Deseret Book Store Salt Lake Loan Office

Deseret News SouthernUtah HomePacificFire LinesIns. Co.

Elias Morris & Sons Utah Power & Light Co.

Fleischmann's Teast Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

All the big nations have agreed not to go to war, so they are now building war ships to give the sailors a ride. Dallas News.

"Husbands should share the house work with their wives,"says a woman's paper. We despise those selfish husbands who want to do it all themselves.-—

Boston Transcript.

Late one night the landlord of some flats was called up by a tenant who inquired: "Can a landlord interfere when a woman on the third floor quarrels

with her husband and disturbs the neighbors at night?"

"Are you one of the neighbors?"the landlord asked.

"No, I'm the husband."- Times of India.

FOR A CLEAR HEADInternal Cleanliness

The man with a dull sleepy head, a jaded appetite, blotchy skin marred with boils and pimples, is not the man whose grocer has seen the wisdom of selling him

Fleischmann's Yeast. He is almost sure to be the man who is troubled by constipation and its accumulation of internal impurities that result and which show this way.

Fleischmann's Yeast is a healthgiving food that makes the intestinal tract more efficient. It is as fresh as any garden vegetable. It is not a laxative. It does not do

the work for the intestines. It merely strengthens them and stimulates them to do

their work naturally and regularly themselves.

The grocer who urges his customers to eat three cakes of Fleischmann's Yeast every day is doing them a real service, for he is helping them to get fit and keep fit.

FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST At All Grocers

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Physical Nourishment is NecessaryBut Not More So Than Mental Food

Every home should have a library containing books for each member of the family.

"The Glory of God is Intelligence,"said His Prophet.

Seek knowledge as well as pleasure out of good books.

LET US HELP YOU SELECT YOUR LIBRARY

Deseret Book Company 44 East On South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR

UTAH'S LEADING 1872 UNDERTAKER 1928 Beit Equipped for Calls Night or Day in or Out of the City

Price of Casket* at Your Suiting—Services the Latest Advancement

Phones Wasatch 7600, Both Office and Residence 125 NORTH MAIN STREET

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire, may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

MISSIONARIESleaving in 1929, bring this ad to our store at your first chance for our Missionary Gift (SlEGEL CO.) JEWELRY

It entitles you to a discount on your 76 EAST 2*P [SOUTH STREET supplies, too.

Watches, Luggage, Kodaks, Fountain Pens, Brief Cases, Chains, Bill Folds, Money

Belts, Razor Strops, Etc.

ASK YOUR DEALER FOR

Z. C. M. I. FACTORYMADE

CHILDREN'S ALLOVERS In khaki and whltehacked Denim for Box*

Khaki aad Fctir Clothe*, Dutch Cat for

Glrla Boys'Playsuits Btaea 1 to 8. In khaki, Jeans, and whitebacked

Denim The Famou Mountaineer

Overalls give: splendid

satisfaction

Suppose We Should Guarantee You the Fulfilment of these

Desires—Would You Not Think it Marvelous?

Tonr Income to continue even though accident or Illness ahonld suddenly snatch yon away or render yon unfit for work. An Income for your wife a eoUecej

education for your children. The ownership of your home In ten years from now.

Ths possibility of retirement and the Joy of travel and leisure In your later years.

Impossible! Absolutely not. These dreams can be realised

If yon act now—Make today's hopes realities tomorrow.

A Beneficial Policy Is the Key to Success

Blots ont your worries—Being's peace of mind

Beneficial Life Insurance Go.

Home Office, Vermont Bids;.—Salt Lake

HEBER J. GRANT, President B. T. RALPHS, Manager

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA