jP*TJ- f

,, - *!*'sj!

"'4.,

J/u?- J/A4i, (pAeAukncy

SEE PAGE 194

fe&W PRIL, 1939.V.OL.UME 42 NUMBER 4

i postage: guaranteed

To assure a betterr FREE to the nocvjmjextjlxlar "turnin deal"car owner who is extra

SHELLUBRICATION careful about upkeep

RECEIPT HOLDER

your car getting better than av- *eiir r;erage care? Then you deserve a Rol

3%B it price averagebetter than when t*H QS& o&\ sell it. in or to turn it timecomes

Here's a way to make sure of such extradollars—with proof of upkeep. J3r

Just save your Shellubrication >*.-. SsuSSET i

receipts. Any Shellubrication deal- 'J.-"'

er will give you, FREE, a handy new holder for this purpose.

This documentary file of receipts Yt"#<<?*&*; *- mlwill provide you—and your car's

future buyer—a complete upkeep fi&d*

biography. Telling how, when and

it. aflgsj—forwhereasthelongcaras wasyou haveShellubricateddriven

Shellubrication is the modern service that assuresupkeep you A'4, * of troublefree milesmany extra r performance. All points on your % > k*>fI3fc.?6car serviced according to factory %,o Or,:'tvspecifications. Every step double >*4>

checked. And copyrighted "blue

print style"receipts keep you up to..... 'fe

the minute on upkeep condition. *V'%,,

the Shellubrication in See dealer your neighborhood today. * w**"**-""*fM*riOJ.j& J Ask him

for a FREE Receipt Holder.

m??* /

7X* Modern // takes almost no room in Upkeep Service the—thisdashboarddurable,compartmentcompact

holder for Shellubrication receipts. Free at nearest

Shellubrication dealer.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939:x*e:xk: oac 3i k: DOC UK IXJC ZXJC IX >C:x*c:xk: n

.. d$ dinm&A

Utah's FIRST Pioneer homes were of wood constructionmainly logs. Many of these

cabins still stand... mute but

eloquent evidence of the strength and durability of lumber.

Today lumber homes are still FIRST in Utah... and Weyerhauser 4-Square, for

which we are exclusive distributors in Salt Lake City, remains FIRST among timbers... because it is kilndried and squared to exact lengths.

We also furnish:

ONESTOP PLAN SERVICE AND FINANCING

Sugar House Lumber & Hardware Company 1 164 East 21st South Street—Hyland 555

M. O. ASHTON, President HORACE B. RICHARDS, Manager

d*k: IX*C:xx::xk::xsc 24*C zxic ihk: IMJC:xx:

/ * * TOTO SELECTSELECT AA FAMILFAMILY PLOT

IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA'S NEW CEMETERY FOR L. D. S. MEMBERS

\Jj AKE your selection now while development prices—/r* are still in effect—while choice plots are still available. Mount Cumorah is a separate division of beautiful

Rose Hills Memorial Park, ideally situated for L. D. S.

purposes. Sloping eastward, perpetually endowed,

Mount Cumorah is purposely easily secluded—yet

reached from all parts of metropolitan

Los Angeles. Selected by a committee

of L. D. S. Church members after a thorough investigation of many sites. Development—now in progress—will be

completed by late spring. For details

call or write

ROSE HILLS MEMORIAL PARK

RE MILS xjctb-—CEMETERY* MAUSOLEUM* COLUMBARIUM

Division Saints Latterday of 1 MEMOfUM 1 Workman Mill Road, Whittier, Calif.,Whittier 42037 Park, Memorial Rose Hills

Workman Mill Road, Whittier, III California.

(Do you. J6ww

On what days General Conference/MmprooementlEra will be held this April?. Page 201

"Tlie Glory of God is Intelligence"How much more Vitamin A there is in the outer leaves of lettuce than in 196 the inner? Page Grant, J. HeberAPRIL. 1939 Widtsoe, A. is essential to inprecise speech 42 NUMBER 4 JohnVOLUME Editors If

spiration 201 and testimony? -Page L. Evans, Richard

"THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor If it is wrong to doubt? Page 204

C. Josephson, Marba PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS,OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE Associate the arguments for and against Editor What DEPARTASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENTMUTUAL Morris, General George Mgr. Q. rearing a family are? 205 Page COMMITTEE, EDUCATION, MUSIC OF WARDMENT Associate Cannon, Lucy G. Mgr. AGENCIES OF THECHURCHTEACHERS, OTHER AND Business Orton, K. Mgr. J. SAINTS. LATTERDftY JESUSOF OF CHRIST exrelationship fundamental What

ists between agriculture and human welfare? Page 206

What the immediate welfare objectives of the Church are? Page 207

What highly personal questions

The Spirit and the Letter Heber J. Grant 201 Ward Teachers formerly asked

The General Conference 201 Church members? Page 210

How bishop's courts once governed

AuAjc/l J>jCttuAQA. our communities? Page 210

Evidences and Reconciliations—Is it Wrong to Doubt?.. How past generations have looked

John A. Widtsoe 204 upon the bad manners of smokers? Page 212 Agriculture: A Foundation of Welfare Franklin S. Harris 206

Questions To Be Asked the Latterday Saints What a pioneer's account book

William R. Palmer 210 shows concerning the prices and

variety of merchandise of the Account Pioneer's Book A* C. Lambert 214 A early western days? 214 Page Argentine Hospitable The

Frederick S. Williams and L. Peirce Brady 220 In what respects Luther and

Prayer Joseph Quinney 221 Erasmus differed? Page 218

The Church Moves On 225 Mutual Messages: In what mission civil authorities

Priesthood: Melchizedek 230 Executives 238 have recently honored our mis238 of Value and ReAdults Need The 238 sionaries? Page 220 Gleaners Richports, Stephen by L

ards 230 M MenGleaners 238 What Conference book specials are

Word of Wisdom Course ScoutExplorer 239 being offered? Page 223

Praised for Tangible ReJuniors 239 sults - 232 BeeHive Girls 240 What new attitude science is taking

Aaronic 234 Genealogical Page 251 toward its own work? Page 225

Ward Teaching 236 When and where further M. I. A.-

SpsudaL J>&jaiwioA, held?Era cooking schools are Pageto be227

Shall I Rear a Family? A. B. Ballantyne 205 What are the need and value of

Tobacco and Good Manners.- Ira N. Hayward 212 reports? Page 231

Luther Protestors Martin The of Christendom—XIIL

L. Barker James 218 Howpaignthe isAntiliquor-tobaccoprogressing? PageCam236

Laura Mine, and: Thine the Universe, Exploring FrankHoming

lin S. Harris, Jr 196 Gray - 226

History Repeats Itself, Jack Here's How 227 EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Sears 199 Index to Advertisers.-.. 252 OFFICES:

On the Book Rack 223 Your Page and Ours 256 Copyright50 North 1939,Main byStreet,the SaltYoungLakeMen'sCity, UtahMutual

Improvement Association Corporation of the fcdtt&dcdA. AllChurchrightsof reserved.Jesus ChristSubscriptionof Latterdayprice,Saints.$2.00'

Science Looks Over the Wall John A. Widtsoe 224 a Enteredyear, in atadvance;the Post20c Office,Single SaltCopy.Lake City,

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for

J'idjum, (pjosdAy, QjwAAw&itL (PmjAl mailingfor in sectionat special1103,rateActof ofpostageOctober,provided:1917,

The Clear Way.Sibyl Spande Bowen 208 authorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible

This Night, Thou Fool P- K. Edmunds 215 fortributions.unsolicitedAll manuscriptsmanuscripts,mustbut bewelcomesaccompanied!conThe Native Blood—Chapter VI Albert R. Lyman 216 by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

Alberta Huish ChristenGift Divine, Frontispiece, None, The 226 NATIONAL ADVERTISING sen 202 Walker John Sherman

Poetry Page 222 Big, Alberta Huish Christensen..226 REPRESENTATIVES

Scriptural Crossword Puzzle 254 Francis M. Mayo, Salt Lake City

Edward S. Townsend, San Francisco

George T. Hopewell & Co., New York QousJt.

E. Co., Chicago J. Powers &JJul

it for one hundred to has finds the going again April Church conference—asAnother AUDIT OF THE OF MEMBER BUREAU inspired vigorous, April finds a another in times. years, nine modern and And CIRCULATIONS support giving them loyal membership strong the and a andleadership showing way,

nine hundred and they for one have—as

the First of informal photographunusual and years.Presidency—PresidentThese things are symbolizedHeber J. Grant,in thiscenter; President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., left; and President David O. McKay, right. The A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY

Joseph Smith monument is seen at the right and the Salt Lake Temple in the background. It is a Tribune staff photo. MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

women love to LOOK PRETTY

And prettiness it is. Fashions are gay,

young and captivating. Skirts, short and

full, swing with the breeze in youthful animation. Petticoats dodge the perilous traffic.

Veils and flowers and cute little bonnets are

everywhere. Sheer, frilly blouses and fragrant perfume waft by on every side. It's a

season of prettiness... a season filled with

the romance of heart fluttering feminine

charm, the like of which we've never seen.

At Z C M I, and only at Z C M I, you'll find to your heart's content, the new Spring modes

interpreted in all their glory and fullness.

ZCMI

"Fashion Center of the West"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

MEET jkfL\ljj[{r HPhe Arctic ice is thawingBy FRANKLINout, and theS. HARRIS,male fish JR.makes and maintains a YOU LIKE has been for at least twenty years, nest, replacing the eggs that may drop

according to Professor Borg of the from the nest, and protecting the eggs.

University of Leningrad. Basis for the With the Siamese the care goes on

conclusion is from a study of many facafter hatching until the young can take tors, such as the northward retreat of care of themselves.

permanently frozen soil in Siberia, the recession of the ice boundary, and the hildren who get plenty of sunshine appearance of warmwater fish and * have less teeth decay than those other marine animals in Arctic regions. who live where there is meager sun-

> light, as shown by a study of 94,000

HPhe American oyster may discharge children. It is thought that anger and

more than 500 million eggs during worry further decay as shown by an a single season, of which all but a miinvestigation of nervous upset and... crossing Tourist nute proportion perish before maturity. dental decay because the saliva flow

Glass to Europe by 4 >is cut down and made more acid.

Tatural grafting or joining may occur in nature, between the branches or roots of different trees.

Beech roots, for example, when exlust as price is but a poor index posed will be found cemented together to the comfort you will find in into a regular network. In an experiCunard White Star Tourist Class... ment in which a red dye was injected

so wealth is no measure of the coninto a beech tree, all others for a ragenial companionship you will endius of 50 feet were found to be dyed.

joy. Your shipmates are the kind HPHERE are about 16 million Jews in

of people who form the backbone of the world of which 4.5 million are

every prosperous community—peoin the United States, 3 million in Rusple of refinement and culture. sia, 750,000 in Germany, 720,000 in

Judging values soundly, they sail "Prom pictures made with a special the British Empire, Rumania less than in Cunard White Star liners behigh-speed movie camera it is esti- a million, Hungary half a million, Palcause they know that the British tramated that a stretched rubber band estine 175,000, and in Italy, 47,000.

dition means not only seamanship snaps back at 200 miles per hour. This -f

is times HPhirty Vitamin more A clearly ever than demonstrates more service, inherited as but too—both in the * found outer green leaves of elastic "flippers,"before rock so why ideals, racial through and perfected

in lettuce the than inner white leaves. in days, former used commonly by boys 99 years. 4 have now been prohibited by law in

Tourist Class Rates From: so many places. The high velocity C moking cigarets raises the blood $154.00 oneway in the world's of stretched rubber, when released, pressure in both normal people and

liner fastest suffering Mary. those with high Queen presblood of a potent highly a "flipper"and makes

the $135.50 in Aquitania. E. sure, Doctors Hines, Jr., A. and of capable doing dangerous weapon,

in $130.50 the Mauretania; a new Clinic of the M. Roth Mayo animals, severe to men, and Grace damage 15 of choice other famous

ships as low as $118.00. property. have found. The effect of tobacco

Book through your local agent, smoking is not due entirely to the action of Star, sensitive 244 Stock- a stimulus specially or White Cunard on slight vifeel the earthworm can An Francisco. ton Street, San vessel also to systems, blood the but soil brations of the produced by

result in of the element tobacco some light of or thrush the footsteps the TRADITION BRITISHTHE causes vessels the which blood smoke blackbird. DISTINGUISHES contract, raises also to the blood which

pressure.CUNARD WHITE STAR Tt is estimated that only about one *

per cent of the energy of the singer T ightning without thunder occurs is actually transformed into sound. "in nature. Though it has been Train for LEADERSHIP 4 known that "heat"lightning does not

Your career requires the finest training obtain- |h arth perfume, the characteristic have its peal of thunder, recently it fields training in freshly the largest business ofable. plowed Woodbury, scent that has a distinct been even shown

scientifically offersinstitution in America, in after dispring, rain of earth a strong lightning stroke skies the to the from to start graduates enablesrected training which trees, salariesat or freshlyfelled higher is due win quicker advancesummer, and if earth thunder, be without may also ment. soil bacteria, living a special on orit lightning is "slow."is a disAdministration, Slow Accountto in Business Courses

JournalScience, Trade, Foreign Secretarialing, helping ganic matter to transform and that oneof charge takes or twotenths

Secretariism, Merchandising, Radio Movie and food. it into discovery This at Rothto lightbuild up, whereas a secondal, years. in Shorter Bachelor with Degree two

also Courses; CommercialCommercial

Interior Decoration, Design,tume nomics. HomeArt, CosEco- amstedmakes possibleExperimentalthe creationStation,ofEngland,another ningfew millionthsproducing ofthundera secondtakesto onlydo itsa

Activities, Social Deseret Club for perfume. work. -Students. student Supervised homes.MormonAthletics, > 4 1,500 filled positions Partannually. thanMore

fish, for important except the eggs 7ith most new waterclear,time work provided. Free catalog. State course VK A notherdesired. vv flexible plastic, laid suitable the "** place, being and nonshattering in a

is called uses. the interesting chance. of left to hatching eggs lucite, has two COLLEGE fish, lucite WOODBURY fighting reflectors the the In Michigan, of Siamese have With 1023 UJtLSHfRE BLVD. LOS ANGELES.CAtlF

installed feet stickleback, others perhaps, 100 every each been a few on and.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

side of the main highways, aiding safe is to "pipe light"for the operating quartz, has, in a high degree, the pownight driving. The reflectors are ten room. Surgical instruments with a bulb er of reflecting light within its walls

times more powerful than any herein their base can carry the light to a so long as the surface is not broken, tofore in use, outlining the highway point inside the body, inside an incipermitting a break to be made at the far ahead of the driver. The other use sion if necessary. The lucite, like point where light is desired.

TOUR HAY JT UP

*** ON TIME-. M*

modern tools..-.

111!!*: mm Mccormickliili $: mmm

% DEERING

'msm

M&yXZS1: it&i& c 7 d Gear Mower has the

; -::.::.

working order. But when tney

the lags and over your wrk * J,check *-**your n up to put plans early hosethat have m$ *J haytoolsMakeneededrepRee * best dealer their seen lck.Deering The McUM equipment. side Deering ddeIS, daysJ

has a presses. Don't rakes,completeB—'-"JSloaders, sweep your orkes;,ace

f the ot:XarX=l.adyUgeo

weather when the hay is ready to cut. S$&****5 HARVESTER COMPANY

INTERNATIONALINTERNAT1 (incomokated1 chi<ago mmim

ISO North Michigan Av.ne J?PS?3S

wf. mmmmm 58*x?3.:: O

KiSS efficient. Anew

combination Them***Uba enclosed -gear side**%,>eeringAvailablelme. m the McCor

foy rfwrf. Green u ue peering hne.

MXORMICKDEERING By Your UNION PACIFIC BUS AGENT YOU'VE no idea how much more fun a vacation can be when the trip is planned by your Union Pacific Bus Agent 1.

He's an expert on travel and has a wealth of colorful folders to give you further sugcomplete gestions. a to save S fun when if T fares, for itinerary Heyou—includingwill prepare that routes, you your savings know Expensestop-overs, side trips, schedules,

Paid Tours, etc.—without any cost or obliare insured, while earning

gation on your part. See your Union Paliberal dividends. That's why

cific bus agent today! I m putting my savings in

Prudential Federal. 1 ry it

it yourself and see how easyVisit BOTH World's Fairs for only $69.95! is to save the Prudential Fedsee both of Tomorrow"can the "World You at eral way once you ve started."Island""Treasure at San FranYork and New

cisco for only $69.95 by airconditioned SuperCoach. See Your Union Pacific Bus Agent.

MentialWSavings UNION PACIFIC STAGES AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

125 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH - SUMMER SESSION

June 12 to July 21, 1939—Post Session July 25 to August 18

An ERA of MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT for Those Interested in to beautify ART—appreciation and practice. LANDSCAPEhome and ARCHITECTURE—howsurroundings. BOTANY—Utah wild flowers, trees, shrubs, inMUSIC—appreciation and practice, grand opera, cludes field trips.

ENGLISH LITERATURE, biography, chorus, private lessons.

fiction, poetry, Shakespeare. PHYSICAL EDUCATION—activities,

FRENCH and GERMAN—both beleadership, social recreation.

courses. ginning advanced and

courses, including cultural, GEOLOGY—general, inPHYSICS—newPhotography.

trips. field cludes

draHOME ECONOMICS—artistic clothSPEECH—debate, persuasion,

ing design; eating for health. matics.

These and MANY OTHER FIELDS, also a varied program of FREE PUBLIC LECTURES, (many of them illustrated), INSTITUTES, and CONFERENCES are described in detail in the Bulletin to be off the press about April 1st. The bulletin will be mailed to all those

listed in the Salt Lake City and Utah State School directories; others please make request through the President's Office.

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH - Salt Lake City, Utah

HISTORY REPEATS jpxx=xx=xxrx>cxx=x >crxxdooocx xcx x=xx=x> |f'tl'll)il04(>ll:!<H llK!t|

ITSELF I Pews, SEARS By JACK rnnpattg 5 I Pulpits, Nationally and 5 known Cartoonist

Illustrator Uniand of the a member

Department Art A This is the time to think of x Utah of versity of

Pins. x School Rings I Steel and We jj* these with you can furnish Tn WHICH A WORD IS SAID 5 ABOUT HONEST PRAISE x articles. Refinement of de- x. rolding Chairs

AND THAT PRAISE WHICH IS d sign and quality makes us Q Kindergarten and Opera

NOT HONEST. $ an outstanding Manufac- $, Bank, Office, Church and Store

itself. history repeated A

hallway, in the footstepsrDAYfew light ft turer. K Fixtures jj 162 So. Main St. Phone Was. 5123 jj | Salt Lake Cabinet & Fixture Go.

a slight hesitation at the office X Salt Lake City, Utah X 32 Richards Street—Write us for prices

door—revealing silhouetted the tall "!%xx x=><x=x;=><xrxx=x x=><x=xxrxX=X><=XX=XKZf

figure of a boy. The door opened, cap

was quickly removed, and there stood

SAVE ALL THE WAY On Your Sugar Beets

This Case planter comes closer a to dropping single seeds without bunching than any other planter you can buy. Its inclined

seed plates are positively noncracking, and they are not damaged nor is their accurate action upset by foreign ob j ects in the seed.

for OCX Savesblockingas muchand asthinning50 % onandlaborgives

STOOD THERE A SPLENDID, BEFORE ME FELLOW, more perfect stands, higher per'TWOFISTED REDBLOODED, YOUNG centages of marketable beets.

before me a splendid, redblooded, twofisted young fellow, probably sixteen This Case beet cultivator has years of age. two tool bars at front of trac-

A commercial art firm, too busy to tor and one at the rear. It is easy to

be bothered with "only a boy,"had reuse any arrangement and adjustferred him to me. He was one of a ment ofsweeps, shovels, or weeders

that conwant. wheels you Gauge just of youths havescore such who

accurately trol the depth uneven on studio, into their wantingfound way my shovels ground. Inner mounted

sell their having goods goods, no butto to to easy easy forward, watch and sell.to Steering guide with Synchronized

The boy had come for advice. He of Case allpurpose tractors.had a roll of drawings—samples of hiswork—which "his friends thought were

as good, if not better, than lots of stuff Pulled and guided from the used,"and he would like to know where front of tractor, this Case twohe could dispose of them. row beet puller steers easily and

When these young fellows talk I feel accurately along the rows. Depth

controlled wheels; gauge by big of must have ancestorsthat "one my

it raises turns. MotorLift for clear I as big as ears Eave an elephant,had

Easily size suction, for adjustable listening."for earssuch

Easy of row. width and on poorly pen and inks were These

off; leaves quickly removed;

lettering the of the worstdrawn, free kind,—easyoftractorbeets, work. for other See

and they lacked everything they should these tools at your Case dealer.have had, except—ink.

Should I heap praise upon him, as his friends had, and fill him with false I for Booklet Send Beef New rid get of values,notions and him and

Fill in- I that blanks below; machines mark consideration? notas one worth The I. terest to mail you; Dept. CO., J. CASE I

at Racine, nearest Wis. branch or D-10 this sincere givenadvice and boy was it i Costs Less to Grow Plows Centennial Beet Tools D Tractorhonest. D

Tractors Tools Beet AllPurpose Horse I over interview our was we When Tractors Plows TurnOver 4-Wheel I wiffs i\ Beets Sugar as out the went hands boy andshook 1 of the door he left for my thought and Name. I

consideration this choice morsel: Address I

"Well, I'm young yet, and I should \ worry."J THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

3?BATH BEDiro'xROOMi4'6"I—10 BEDI20"xROOM14'6"GARAGE18'X 20'

Residence at 1885 Yale Avenue A

OVERHEAD DOOR Built by Thos. B. Child LIVING wmc

I3'3"x 19'9* DINING KITCHENll'0M3'6"

H'fi'xB'S"ROOM ROOM Q

Builder Carries on Pioneer Tradition of Substantial Building Construction

This charming, allbrick home of Mountain Red

Smooth face brick in warm red color tones, was built by Bishop Thomas B. Child of the 10th Ward.

The perfection of detail in the brickwork, the attractive and inviting entranceway, the sturdy oak door and metal trim are indicative of the work of a master craftsman and they typify the best principles of building construction, as practiced by the Pioneer builders of this community. Beauty of color, line and

design, durability and charm make this house a "Happy Home"in very truth.

Brick Furnished by INTERSTATE BRICK COMPANY 3180 So. 11th East—P. O. Box 68—Sugar Station

Salt Lake City, Utah—Phone: Hyland 630

EDITORS PAGEHhs = JPubSftihiL and Uul <eii&L stand out in my life many incidents in my By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT THEREyouth of wonderful inspiration and power

through men preaching the Gospel in the spirit of testimony and prayer. I call to mind one thought of using those sentences in which he had

such incident when I was a young man, probably made grammatical mistakes than I would think of seventeen or eighteen years of age. I heard the standing up in a class and profaning the name of

late Bishop Millen Atwood preach a sermon in the God. That testimony made the first profound

Thirteenth Ward. I was studying grammar at impression that was ever made upon my heart and

the time, and he made some grammatical errors in soul of the divine mission of the Prophet. I had

his talk. heard many testimonies that had pleased me and

I wrote down his first sentence, smiled to mymade their impression, but this was the first testiself, and said: "I am going to get here tonight, mony that had melted me to tears under the induring the thirty minutes that Brother Atwood spiration of the Spirit of God to that man.

speaks, enough material to last me for the entire During all the years that have passed since then, winter in my night school grammar class."We I have never been shocked or annoyed by gramhad to take to the class for each lesson two senmatical errors or mispronounced words on the part

tences, or four sentences a week, that were not of those preaching the Gospel. I have realized

grammatically correct, together with our correcthat it was like judging a man by the clothes he tions. wore, to judge the spirit of a man by the clothing

I contemplated making my corrections and lisof his language. From that day to this the one

tening to Bishop Atwood's sermon at the same time. thing above all others that has impressed me has

sentence—notBut I did not writea word;anythingand whenmoreMillenafter thatAtwoodfirst beenan individualthe spirit, had,the inspirationwhen proclaimingof the livingthe GodGospel,that

stopped preaching, tears were rolling down my and not the language; because after all is said and

cheeks, tears of gratitude and thanksgiving that done there are a great many who have never had the welled up into my eyes because of the marvelous opportunity to become educated so far as speaking testimony which that man bore of the divine miscorrectly is concerned; likewise there are many who

sion of Joseph Smith, the Prophet of God, and of have never had an opportunity in the financial battle the wonderful inspiration that attended the Proof life to accumulate the means whereby they could phet in all his labors. be clothed in an attractive manner, I have enAlthough it is now more than sixtyfive years deavored, from that day to this, and have been

since I listened to that sermon, it is just as vivid successful in my endeavor, to judge men and today, and the sensations and feelings that I had women by the spirit they have; for I have learned

are just as fixed with me, as they were the day I absolutely, that it is the spirit that giveth life and heard it. Do you know, I would no more have understanding, and not the letter—the letter killeth.

THE GENERAL CONFERENCE

HPhe One Hundred and Ninth Annual Conferpatriarchs, presidents of High Priests'quorums, ence of the Church of Jesus Christ of Lattersenior members of stake high councils, bishops, day Saints will convene in the Tabernacle, Salt presidents of independent branches, and mission

Lake City, Utah, Thursday, Friday, and Sunday, presidents.

April 6, 7, and 9, with general sessions each day at 10 a. m. and 2 p. m. The general Priesthood

meeting will be held in the Tabernacle on Friday,

April 7, at 7 p. m.

A special Priesthood meeting will be held in the upper assembly room of the Salt Lake Temple, beginning at 2 p. m. Saturday, April 8. AdzdJD.Tmf

mission will be by invitation and presentation of ticket only. This gathering is for the General The First Presidency.

Authorities of the Church, stake presidencies,

JPul $jL@L (Dwjuvl

Tt was the time of Passover—and chill,

The night they climbed the Mount of Olives hill

With Jesus—in His Hour of Agony

Unto the Garden of Gethsemane.

P)ne of the Twelve was missing, as they -went 'Neath the foreboding, illstarred firmament;

False Judas—of the Adversary sent

He whom the Christ at His Last Supper meant.

"\TUrELL Jesus knew the crisis of that night ECCE HOMO ARCH, JERUSALEM

So plainly saw the peril of His plight;

Alone.... He found the garden's stillest part

To offer the outpourings of His heart. 'T'he Master Man—and Mind—must heed the hour

Of mortal magistrate's usurped power;

The frosty earth was hard against Him there, And with a sigh of calm beatitude

Where prostrate on the ground He lay in prayer, The Savior stood before high Pilate's mood."My Father—all things are possible to Thee;

Take then away this bitter cup from me.

Tn Jesus, Pontius Pilate found no fault,

And sought to stay the people's grave assault,"Put, Father—not My will but Thine be done.""Behold the Man! What evil hath He done?"

No measure of the ordeal must He shun; And washed his hands before the Guiltless One.

So with His tears He sealed the solemn vow

While sweat of suffering bathed His hallowed brow. Put—"Crucify!"—the mobster's maddened cry

Still loudly rent the overshadowing sky.

'"Then came the rabble seeking out His face Throughout the centuries, their answer stands,

Whom traitor Judas bargained to embrace; "His blood be on ours and our children's hands!"

The spearthrust and the spikecuts were in this,

The touch of Judas'cold betrayal kiss.

C\ quiet, secluded hours in Nazareth hills

And peaceful walks by flowerbordered rills;

words subdued yu seek? reverie youthful sunny days of '—His the crowd; O**W7HOM surly cry aloud, their answering came Then the tranquil Beside Sea of Galilee.

"The Nazarene!"and with cords roughly bound

The stainless hands of Him they now had found.

"Mo Wise Men worshipping the heavenborn Child,

Nor shining presents at the manger piled;

"pORETOLD by Christ, who saw the fate before, No: rapt and marveling multitudes to mark

He knew Him not—beloved Peter swore; The Star of Bethlehem shine in the dark.

It was the smarting sop from vinegar vial

When thrice did Peter make his deep denial.

Ctripped, scourged, and spat upon by soldiery;

Clothed in a robe and crown of mockery \X7here were the welcoming throngs who hailed him King He felt the final, fierce indignity

Into Jerusalem with worshipping Stretched on the crimsoned cross of Calvary.

Hosannas and with glorifying psalms

On bended knee and waving regal palms?

Jp grim Golgotha's slope the cross was drawn,

And placed aloft for all to look upon

And what of all the miracles He'd wrought; The bleeding body of God's Only One,

And of the priceless parables He'd taught? Whose earthly mission now was nearly done.

No one could know the heartbreak of His sob

That mingled with the mutterings of the mob.

TThe thorncrowned head—the painfilled lovely eyes

Besought the Maker in the darkening skies;

"O Father"—to heaven the sad voice flew

"Forgive them for they know not what they do."

TThe matchless Body soon was hung in place

Against the roughhewn cross—and now apace,

A soldier climbed his ladder to affix

The nails through Flesh into the crucifix.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

T-Tow beautiful the valley there below

Hemmed by the winding Brook of Kedron's flow;

How inconceivable the death begun

Beneath the beaming April morning sun.

HThe gardens seemed to lose their vernal bloom;

against the sky; gloom. HPhree in sudden cease to

then did die. crosses Two in silhouetteChrist—on soulsthieves—and would quake awfulThe witness-—soontheir songs Theworld—anbirds side in the Savior's spearthrust A soldier's its sake. for Redeemer'sIn sympathy

Drew the last gush of blood He sanctified.

""pn/ Eli!—lama death; in body,—still forsaken me?") A whitelygleaming hast Thou ("My God—whysabachthani?"final breathforced the And when His cry had cry, in that anguished of worlds wasThe woe

But Jesus heard the Father's near reply. Jehovah sent the thunder of His sign

To leave in hearts of men the Gift Divine.

*t T thirst/"—the voice above came painfully;

A sop was passed to ease His agony;

Then—-"It is finished"—and God's Holy Plan

Was consummated by the Son of Man. HPhe Star—the Babe, 'mid frankincense and myrrh; The Word—the cross—and Holy Sepulchre;

The Message of the Man Messiah born;

The marvel of the Resurrection Morn.

gracious Gift again is shining bright By JOHN SHERMAN WALKER HThe

Where Easter morning sheds its lustrous light;

Faith, Hope, and Charity live in its flame,

And Love will linger in His Holy Name.

"MASTER, IS IT I?"FROM A

PAINTING BY ADOLF SCHMITZ.

Evidences and reconciliations x. 9a. it (tfjumc io (bojubLl Faith is practically the opposite of doubt. Faith

rests securely upon "evidences"and "assurances."

oubt usually means uncertainty. You doubt Note the definition by the Apostle Paul: "Faith

in ore, of gold the presence the though there is for; of the the things evidence assurance hoped

1 flakes in that it; or are yellow the is a thief, man things forth of Faith not seen."goes knows, and

though stolen goods are found in his possession; courageously to use knowledge in the affairs of

or that a principle of the Gospel is correctly inmen. It declares itself the master of things; it lays

terpreted by the speaker. What you really mean mountains low; it lifts valleys; it promotes the welis that the evidence in your possession is insufficient fare of man.

is that to convince there gold in the ore, or that you is, queshonest kind—that

thief, that the or principle the has Gospel man is a to impels Such doubt men tioning—leadsDoubt of thetorightfaith.

been explained correctly. Doubt arises from lack inquiry which always opens the door to truth. The

of evidence. scientist in his laboratory, the explorer in distant

Intelligent people cannot long such doubt. endure parts, the prayerful upon and man his knees—these

of the be resolved. Proof It must be secured must truth. find all inquirers like them They learn that

presence of gold in the ore, or the dishonesty of some things are known, others are not. They cease

the man, or the correctness of the doctrinal exposito doubt. They settle down with the knowledge

tion. Consequently, we set about to remove doubt they possess to make the forces of nature do their

by gathering information and making tests conbidding, knowing well that they will be victorious;

cerning the subject in question. Doubt, then, beand that more knowledge will come to them, if

comes converted into an inquiry or investigation. sought, to yield new power.

After proper inquiries, using all the powers at On the other hand, a stagnant doubter, one our command, the truth concerning the subject becontent with himself, unwilling to make the effort, comes known, or remains unknown to be unravelled to pay the price of discovery, inevitably reaches perhaps at some future time. The weight of evidence unbelief and miry darkness. His doubts grow like

is on one side or the other. Doubt, therefore, can poisonous mushrooms in the dim shadows of his

be and should be only a temporary condition. mental and spiritual chambers. At last, blind like

Certainly, a question cannot forever be suspended the mole in his burrow, he usually substitutes between heaven and earth; it is either answered or ridicule for reason, and indolence for labor. The

unanswered. As the results of an inquiry appear, humblest truth is worth the sum of all such doubts.

doubt must flee. He joins the unhappy army of doubters who, weakIn other words, doubt, which ever is or should ened by their doubts, have at all periods of human

be a passing condition, must never itself be an end. history allowed others, men of faith, to move the

Doubt as an objective of life is an intellectual as world into increasing light.

well as a spiritual offense. A lasting doubt implies Joseph Smith is an excellent example of proper

an unwillingness on the part of the individual to doubt. The ministers of his day were contending

seek the solution of his problem, or a fear to face for the membership of the boy. He went to God

the truth. Doubt should vanish as it appears, or for help; received it; and doubt disappeared. From

as soon as proper inquiry can place it either with that day on, doubt did not reappear. His doubt

the known or the unknown facts of life; with the was lost in inquiry, and he won the desired knowlsolvable or the unsolvable; with the knowable or edge. So may every man do.

the unknowable. The unknown universe, material, mental, spirThe strong man is not afraid to say, "I do not itual, is greater than the known. If we seek we

know"; the weak man simpers and answers, "I shall forever add knowledge to knowledge. That

doubt."Doubt, unless transmuted into inquiry, has which seems dark today, will be crystal clear tomorno value or worth in the world. Of itself it has row. Eternal progress means the unending elucidanever lifted a brick, driven a nail, or turned a furtion of things not known or understood today.

row. To take pride in being a doubter, without No! Doubt is not wrong unless it becomes an

earnestly seeking to remove the doubt, is to reveal end of life. It rises to high dignity when it merges

shallowness of thought and purpose. with an active search for, and practice of, truth.

Perhaps you are questioning the correctness of That doubt which immediately leads to honest a Gospel principle. Call it doubt if you prefer. inquiry, and thereby removes itself, is wholesome

Proceed to take it out of the region of doubt by exdoubt. But that doubt which feeds and grows

amination and practice. Soon it will be understood, upon itself, and, with stubborn indolence, breeds

or left with the many things not yet within the more doubt, is wrong. J, A. W.

reach of man. But remember: failure to understand

one principle does not vitiate other principles. Only xHebrews 11:1, in "The Holy Scriptures translated and

when proved false, can one doctrine cast distrust corrected by the spirit of revelation by Joseph Smith, Jr.,

upon other doctrines. the Seer."

.Shall rear a family?

'HAT IS THE QUESTION AND FOR YOUNG PEOPLE WHO SEEK

THE ANSWER, LET THIS BE THE END OF THEIR ASKING.

By A. B. BALLANTYNE

Specialist in Rural Sociology, Extension

Division, College of Agriculture, University of Arizona. -

A man or woman may live a only a large family but any family

IF comparatively carefree, secure at all is shown by data from the Nolife without the obligations vember, 1936, number of the Anwhich children entail, and so be able nals of the American Academy of to rise to the peak of business, proPolitical and Social Science:

fessional, and social achievement, thus outdistancing the man who'atTotal Children Born per 100 Wives

t/3 egto its all (0oj rear to ** a family withtempts 12 5 c..a ra J3 K'2 <u033 5 handicaps,attendant and demands U

- 033 TOu children? of rear familythen a why <T"> U.3U >> 9.Oii J3*o > 033 8 in PQCQ confronts questionThis peoyoung U cu 0ple. paraphrase Shakespeare: To nPr ofessional

"To be or not to be"an ordinary Cc illege Trained 175 142 109 former Utahn, with pooroverworked man a big Business of the Pres- H. S. Trained 214 185 158 140 AB.andBallantyne,now a member alert,family; or to upto-thebe an

of the idency DisSouthern Arizona Skilled Labor business or professional perminute trict, California Mission, here has S. Trained 271 197 184 159son, free the H. to go and do—"That is pressing a approached with problem Skilled Labor

question."Com. Sch. Trained. 297 243 225 195 a refreshing point of view, and, with

college graduate may The recall Standardized for age of wife. conclusion.facts and logic, reaches an inevitable his genial,the carefree, of memory

childless professors and heads of deThis lower birth rate of collegepartments and contrast them with the trained people may be thought of "worried heads"of large families. as only the operation of natural law pie. This failure to rear sufficient

He may not know why so many of—that it is nature's way of eliminatchildren is not a new condition. Anthese people are childless, or nearly ing the unfit, those incapable of surcient Rome knew it, and it was one

so, but may suspect that they agree vival, for the law is that those who of the chief factors which caused—"Hewith thethatphilosophyhath wifeof andLordchildrenBacon Thisdo notsortmultiply,of view maycan notnot likelysurvive.be theher fallingdownfall.off beganIn the yearsUnitedago,States,but

hath given hostages to fortune, for accepted by many of the childless today we are able to see clearly what they are impediments to great enteror one or two children class, and is happening. Let us read some more

prises, either of virtue or mischief."many may claim that they are the Census population statistics:

It would appear that the demands best product of the race. Yet there In 1930 there were 29,490,114

upon the provider of the minimum is that implacable answer of statisfamilies in the United States. Offamily which will satisfy racial tics—they are not surviving. In that this number over eleven million famneeds, will lessen his opportunities class there are so many fine, splenilies have no children and over elevfor education, travel, and relaxation, did men and women, generally with en million more have only one or

as compared with his childless assosuch wholesome ideals, that one two children. Saying it differently,

ciates. That this may not be true wonders how they can find it in over twothirds of the families are

generally for the nation as a whole, their hearts to let such noble blood not reproducing themselves since it appears from data released by lines die with them. However, it aprequires three children per family

the National Resources Committee pears that through false ideals, to maintain the population. If our

which shows a weekly income of sixhidden greed, or fear, they are depopulation is to be maintained near teen dollars for our middle group of nying themselves children, thus viothe 1930 level, the remaining third the ten million single men and womlating one of the primary laws of of the families will have to rear an en workers, against the average inthe race. Economic necessity? Yes, average of a little less than eight

come of twentytwo dollars per week possibly in a few instances. Can't children each. The births in 1921

for the middle family of the middle have children? This may be true numbered 2,956,200, and the net toone-third of all American families, in some cases, but children can be tal population increase was 1,851,-

and the number of families having adopted. 500 or 1.7 per cent. In 1936 the

the larger incomes are proportionThe refusal to rear children on births were 2,330,000 and the net ately much larger than the single the part of otherwise successful men total population increase was 935,- persons having large incomes. and women persists in our civiliza100 people or 0.6 per cent, an alarmThat there is a strong, wellde- tion, influencing the ideals and mising rate of decline. It is refreshing!

fined attitude against having not directing the purposes of young peo- (Concluded on page 237)

Agriculture CL 3>owuLaiiDfL jC- b)sd$ahsL

important of the most eleDR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS in Plan the WelfareOnements

of the Church of Jesus Christ President of Brigham Young University;

of Latterday Saints is the attempt to Former Director, Utah Experiment Station;

find something beyond the tempoand a member of the Church Agricultural rary relief which recurs with unforAdvisory Committee.

tunate regularity. Those in charge

of the Welfare program have sought ness or accident; or it may come from a shortage of food the immediate reearnestly to establish a substantial a general financial depression. The lation to possible starvation was

security for the members of the Church Welfare Plan aims to help clear. Now, however, even the best

Church. The plan is not designed in such emergencies, but it goes much experts are incapable of fully unto act like a patent medicine or a farther in the attempt to buttress derstanding all the ramifications

drug which temporarily kills pain the individual concerned against rewhich may affect a welfare program.

but which later leaves the patient in curring misfortune. However, those in charge of the

a weakened condition. The attainment of this end is far Church Welfare Plan are seriously

It is inevitable that some among us from easy. Our modern society is attempting to ameliorate the welfare

will have misfortunes and find themso complex that there simply does problem of members of the Church.

selves in straitened circumstances. not exist a panacea which will cure In any such plan the place of agriThis condition may come through no all its ills. Under the more simple culture is basic.

individual fault of the persons afconditions of pioneer life the probfected; it may be the result of sicklems were more direct; if there was Agriculture Basic to Mormon

Culture in the West..,,,.,,,,..........,..........:;.......................; -;.:..:::...:..........:.; Dresident Brigham Young with

his usual wisdom realized that agriculture must be the primary basis of Mormon culture in the West.

When the Pioneers came to Utah they were dependent entirely on their 1. Sagebrush giving own resources. It was soon evident

to farming. way

that they were in a country rich in mineral wealth, and the tendency of some was immediately to seek the gold out of the hills. Their prophetic leader very wisely discouraged this. He encouraged the settlers to devote themselves largely to

agriculture until such time as they were secure against the dangers of starvation. This was absolutely

necessary because transportation 2. Tillage is rewas not sufficiently well developed

quired for successto import outside food in the event ful dry farming. of a local shortage.

The attitude of President Brigham

Young regarding the fundamental importance of agriculture and work may be learned from the following paragraphs gleaned from his sermons:

The riches of a kingdom or nation do not consist so much in the fulness of its treasury as in the fertility of its soil and the industry of its people.

The proper use of irrigation water fundamental tois formThea parttruthofis ourthatreligion.all the artsFaithandis nosciencesmore agriculWestern

ture. a part of it than any other true principle of

philosophy. Were I to give you a lecture

today upon farming, would I be speaking upon a matter that transcends the bounds of our religion? Agriculture is a part of it

as well as any other truth.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

a weekly or monthly stipend with been so often forced to realize,

WELFARE OBJECTIVES FOR which he buys everything he needs namely, that food can be had only

IMMEDIATE REALIZATION is completely prostrated if his job when a supply is available, and that

A. One family off relief in 1939. terminates. He immediately suffers this supply may at times be far short

It is requested that each Priesthood unless he has accumulated a reserve of actual needs.

quorum in the Church make a proor unless he is helped by someone ject of assisting at least one family in else. Those who dwell on the farm Society Depends on Agriculture

their receiving ascommunity now sistance, to a point as a where reare, of course, affected in the annual HThe food supply of the world comes sult of the efforts of the Priesthood profits by the agricultural prices, by almost directly from agriculture.

conditions, in atthe they weather placed be can and quorum a poby cities, largest the in the from Even sition selfsustaining, to as become diseases; pests in tacks of but and to the banker humblest workman, this possible as soon year. are case not they any a dependent on is interest there abiding deep a and B. in every for family cow com- A rent, to salary the monthly pay and in agriculture. the products of Anymunities population. under 2,000 give the products the of farm them the of great deficiencies affects in rething One which the farmer

our Program thus far has been the something to eat, even though they flects itself in all branches of busisupplying to of milk families. have do not needy the cash with which to ness. the merchant, and The banker, It is thrift, suggested, to promote store goods. and buy the manufacturer keep in touch must this to provide that food, needed most

a slogan be adopted in every stake: In times of economic distress the with crop and livestock conditions

"A cow for every family in comfarmer may have to wear a pair of of the country in order to foresee the munities with a population under overalls longer a little than he othertendencies of their businesses. own 2,000,"that Priesthood and groups wise car the family would; have may in particularly This is true states to asked be out with work and ward

it until rattles kept to be annoyingly; stake committees the which fundamentally depend and on ways means

by which this slogan can be made or the housewife may need to go products of the soil for their proseffective in those communities. the A without dress she had new deperity.

flock of chickens should be urged in these adversities sired. But are not At any given period of time, the ratio, the also. same

as as grim the conditions afwhich the quality the soil of in a area and C. Gardens Feasible. Wherever fect the wageearner income whose nation is almost important more than It is suggested that wherever possible families be encouraged to plant has been suddenly terminated. the people themselves, from the ecoit gardens where is practicable and of The welfare mankind point of view. is intinomic reason The

for economical so, them to do and mately with bound up the world's for this lies in fact the that if the that Priesthood quorums give such supervision and direction, and if need food supply. Not that man "can quality and quantity of the soil are

be, financial assistance in the purlive by bread alone,"but he is unsuch as to permit a normal and rapid chasing of seed as will make such able to devote himself to the higher of population, growth such growth projects successful. phases civilization of advanced if will in take place probably a rela-

D. Agricultural is Advisory An conscious of the he Comof gnawings tively time. short Even a numerous

mittee. hunger. of food The shortage durstrong will, soil people and on a poor It is requested that there orbe ing the taught World us what it in War the deteriorate end, unless can ganized regional agricultural advisory

committees, in agricultural sections some of the peoples of Asia have (Continued on page 228) of the Church, to work in harmony with the General Agricultural Committee working in cooperation with

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, and that in each

stake there be a stake agricultural committee, the chairman of which might constitute the stake representatives on the regional committee.

1. A laborsaving deWe want our children to remain near us, viceAlfalfaforis haying.fundawhere there is an abundance of land and mental to Western agriculture, water, of miles hundreds and not go away

and a large supply In these great homes.to seek public imof is an hay

provements the people should enter with to any farm. asset

heart and soul, and freely invest in them their surplus property and means, and thus prepare to locate the vast multitudes of our children which are growing up.

At the present time there is, of course, a very great variety of activities by which a living may be earned. However, agriculture still

plays a vital role because it has special value in any relief program and also because it is, in its own right, basic in our economic organization. 2. Testing soil in a

sugar beet field.

Agriculture Offers Stability and Flexibility Tts special value in relief comes from its stability and flexibility. The

wageearner in the city who receives &&iifu that might Picwsl happ&mxL in. ipWv town., ivhixJv jfVwvsiA. that

"Ak&fdnl DfL ihmg&J'Aomsdinuidu ksdpA. folfau to MIL

THE CLEAR WAY E,Ilvira pushed the panof sizzling round steak to the back of By SIBYL SPANDE BOWEN the range with an exasperated jerk.

If they cooked another split second, those steaks would be hard as shoe no bishop."She turned back to her if we'd not done our duty by the

leather. People who couldn't come cooling food, poked at it with her ward, sending Fred and Stewart the

when they were called! She bounced fork a moment, then pushed the plate minute they were called."

to the kitchen door and lifted her away and got up to pace back and Something mildly pugnacious voice sharply. forth across the worn linoleum. squared Henry's jaw for a brief mo-

"Henry!""He knows as well as we do that ment. "Not tonight, 'Vira. You

The call crackled through the Jim can't go on any mission. With sleep on it, and maybe you'll see

spring twilight. Henry disengaged crops the way they are, and prices different tomorrow. Jim'll be back

himself from the top rail of the corthe way they are, and conditions the then, too, and the boy is going to ral fence and ambled reluctantly to way they are! Mission! And a body have his say over the matter. He's

the house, his gray head bare, his not knowing where the taxes are always wanted his mission, same as shoulders hunched under the faded coming from."the older boys, you know."He

blue of his jumper. Furiously she began to scrape the looked at her with as much defiance

Expertly Elvira served the meal supper dishes. "Henry Yates, you as his docile face could muster.

with staccato movements, then setjust get the car out and drive down Elvira ran the dishpan full of hot tled tensely in her place while Henry and tell John Binney we can't let water. "His say won't raise the

returned thanks. She scarcely waitJim go. Not this year. It isn't as wherewithal, and I don't see as

ed for him to finish before she began again: "A body'd think I was

calling you to a hanging 'stead of a good hot meal,"she grumbled, SOMETHING MILDLY PUGNACIOUS spreading brown country gravy over SQUAREDBRIEF MOMENT.HENRY'S"NOTJAWTONIGHT,FOR A

her biscuit. "What's the matter 'VIRA. YOU SLEEP ON IT, AND

with you today, moping around?"TOMORROW."MAYBE YOU'LL SEE DIFFERENT

Henry, as usual, said nothing. He

made a great show of attacking his plate, but this activity did not deceive his wife; he was plainly not

eating his food. Elvira's keen black

eyes fixed upon him from time to time, then fastened unerringly on the allbut-concealed corner of a letter sticking out the pocket of his clean gray shirt.

"Henry Yates, you do exasperate a person. Going around all day

worrying about something or other till you can't even eat, when you might as well hand that letter over first as last and get it settled."Without further ceremony she reached

across the table, plucked the letter from his pocket, and opened it.

Henry, relieved of responsibility, recovered his appetite with amazing speed, and had reached the pie stage before Elvira finished with the reading. She folded the letter, tucked

it into her apron belt, her lips compressed, two bright spots on her sallow cheeks.

"We just can't see our way clear.

That's all there is to it, and John

Binney ought to know it, bishop or

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

'sleeping on it'will change things sleeping child, took little Fred by low for her handkerchief, "all that any, either. But just as you say. the hand, and hurried up past the going through my head as if it were

I'm not a woman to go against her barn through the alfalfa field. A yesterday, and here Henry's leg's

husband's counsel."vague, formless panic clutched her been good as new these twentyfive

Henry gave her a startled look, heart. years."Quietly, she got up, pulled

tucked his newspaper under his arm, She could see the horses, still the shade against the brilliance of and almost scuttled for the stairs. hitched to the mower, standing in the moon, and went back to bed.

"I guess I'll turn in. Read a bit till the middle of the hay field, nibbling, Determinedly she composed herself

I go to sleep."He'd said his say, but no Henry. She called. Frightto sleep, shut her mind against

so his conscience rested. ened, she pulled Freddy along, half dreams. But her aroused memory

But Elvira, when she finally went running, stumbling over the uneven drove her swiftly.

to bed, was restless. The moon, ground. "Funny, that irrigation company

through the open window, made a She found Henry there in a ditch, suddenly decided to switch its plans white patch on the bishop's letter, his face blank and white, his leg to go through my land,"she murgrotesquely awry. Broken! How mured. No more odd than that other

fast frightened little Frefddy ran time, that later time, when Fred was across the fields to summon Mr. Jenten, with Ethel and Stewart trailing

kins, pitching hay in his own along, and Jimmy, the rosy baby.

meadow. It was winter then, and Henry was

Even with Henry safely in his beginning to see the upgrade, even bed, the injured leg in splints, Elvira with the four children to provide for.

could not take a deep breath, for Henry, for all his slow, mild ways, very fear. What on earth would had a good head. He had made

they do? The hay ruined, and himself a little hothouse of sash he

Henry laid up for months. How had picked up here and there, and

would the interest at the bank be started himself a thriving little trade paid? How would they live? in seedlings to be sold to the neighHer heart nearly stopped beating bors when spring planting came. It

the day she saw Mr. Wilson, the made him a needed bit of winter

cashier of the bank, drive his surcash. This time he had planted

rey"We—weinto the frontcan't yard.pay a thing,"she celery,pale greenflat plantsafter flatwereof justit. Andshowingthe

blurted out, even before he had time their second leaves to defy the Febto say a word. ruary blasts that rattled the green-

"Pay! Why, what in the world house glass.

are you talking about, Elvira? I The weather was mild when

about with to dicker Henry want call for duty. jury his got Henry A

irriyours. field of that corner The case, at the county simple down

gation company has changed its seat; it ought not to keep him more

route, and is in a hole. They'll pay than a day or two, at most. Elvira

you a nice price for a couple of acres and Fred could keep the little rusty of your upper meadow to run their boiler that heated the greenhouse canal over. It's not much good as pipes fired. And Fred already milkland, but it'll save them a cut through ed the family cow. Henry was to

Red Birch hill."bring a load of coal back with him

Long after Mr. Wilson had gone, in the truck, though the coal was

Elvira sat by Henry's bed, tears of not exhausted, as yet.

pure joy streaming over her cheeks, "This mild spell ought to hold till the thin pink check for $500 held I get back,"Henry surmised, as he there on the bedside stand, to which tightly in her hands. Their way drove away, his red, woolen scarf

her eyes kept returning. She reached was clear now. Clear until Henry flying in the stiff breeze that fanned

out and covered it with a book, and was up and around. Clear for the through the open car. "The coal'll

finally slept. bank, and maybe enough left over hold you easy."

to put up that dreamedof front And it would have, too, but for

It was June, an earlier room. the blizzard that started two days

June, with Fred a sturdy three, and "You're a great one, you are,"after Henry had planned to be back.

Ethel, the girl, a chubby six months, Henry chided gently, "to have to The case at the courthouse was unconstantly rolled off the old quilt see your way clear. Good thing you expectedly stubborn, he sent word

beneath the apple tree in the back wasn't in the wilderness waiting for by Nat Ellis. But the coal would

yard until Elvira was sure she manna from the Lord. But He didn't last, in this mild weather. Of that

wouldn't get those peas shelled beforget you, even if you ain't so long he was sure.

fore Henry came in for his dinner on faith. Remember that, Elvira."This mild weather! When the

at noon. twoday storm that piled the icy

But the peas were shelled and E/Lvira awoke. "This is drift along the fencerows eight feet

cooked; the restless Ethel asleep in only a dream,"she heard her own deep had spent itself, the therher cradle in the back bedroom; the voice saying, and found that her mometer dropped thirty degrees

clock hands had slyly wandered on cheeks were wet. over night. In the frigid black of

towards two, and still no Henry. "My stars,"she told herself imthe small hours Elvira and Fred

Elvira closed the door softly on the patiently, reaching beneath the pil- {Continued on page 243)

Questions *****#*.

LATTERDAY SAINTS a "tjave you branded an animal that you did not know

Fortydian yearsTerritoryago at (nowChelsea,OklaIn- "Haveto be youyourwashedown?"as often as health and cleanliness

homa) I met Peter Couch, an REQUIRE?"

old man, who as a youth in Southern an old catechism reveals that such questions as

Utah in the middle '50s, had ridden these were once asked by ward teachers and other church the pony mail route from Cedar City officers. Herein is an account of this old document:

to Santa Clara. St. George had not

yet been founded in his day and its existence was all news to him. By WILLIAM R. PALMER

Due to a youthful escapade he President of Parowan Stake had fled the town of Washington in the night and for several years drifted around in the states trying to was exaggerating considerably the there were large numbers of conshake off the haunting fear that he subject matter of the Ward Teachverts who had come here directly had in a moment of anger killed his ers, for I had never heard those from England, Scotland, Wales, chum. questions asked. But he was not. Sweden, Denmark, Switzerland,

I was able to give him information After returning home I found Germany, and from the Eastern and that set at rest the fires of remorse abundant confirmation of all he said Southern states. Many of them had

that all those years had been burnin the old catechism, a photostatic scarcely learned to speak English ing unceasingly. He had not even copy of which is shown herewith. and they brought with them the

wounded the companion he shot at This interesting old sheet was filed speech, customs, and habits of in the dark, and the man was still away in a Ward Teacher's minute thought of their native lands. Few

alive. After that, "Uncle Pete,"for book that dates back to the early of them knew anything about the

so he was called by everyone, was '50s, the days when "Uncle Pete"handling of livestock or about agrivery kind to me, and he loved to sit knew the Mormons. Its pocket cultural methods in this arid counin the evening and tell me stories creases and dogeared edges give try, the very means by which they

of his youth in Southern Utah. evidence of the much usage it had must gain a livelihood.

One evening at the supper table received. It was not desirable for these peostill asked: he have you "Do Ward

the Teachers they ask do and same How the Catechism Was Used pleferentto separatesocial groupsthemselvesfor thatintowoulddifthis that noted T should be when questions?"funny I answered: lead to misunderstandings and posthe "Yes, in use but I still have the Teachers, document was Mormons we clashes. sible and It was the mission

I don't know what questions you were virtually the only settlers in purpose of the Church to amalgahave in mind."Without answering the Great Basin. They were isolated mate this polyglot assemblage into

me he turned to his housekeeper and and were in a position to set up for a harmonious social and religious asked: "Mrs. Anderson, what themselves any sort of living unit.

would you think if two brothers of standards they wished. The old

your church called every week or catechism, entitled "Questions to be To accomplish that end, the teachideals doctrines ing the of of the and reflects 'Sister Saints,"asked: Latterday Anderson, asked andtwo

dilifaith intense and was common floors well scrub pattern pretty the the your whichdo you and wash ingent; adequate frequent and its life in that for every Saturday designedyour windows had Church

struction to all newcomers was in for the indifar-flung order empire, be westernyour and may home

Sabbath?'and 'Sister Anderson, do cates something of the character and systematically given. The old catethe to standardize chism tended settled family see bathe the that your aims of andyou people who teachings and to establish clothing principles in necessary for there. clean the Sabembodiedput on The

bath?'or 'Sister Anderson, do you these questions were systematically here by usage, the desired customs

and habits communof a Mormon fact, in at least things carried, the taught, once back borrowpay and you

Block teachers were the means for into of things thehunt every you owner each month by two ity. home

instructions which through were of the Priesthood think, Mrs. would members you who werefind? What the from the head to handed down if special representatives of did brethren sent out asAnderson, your humblest member. These officersthat?"the bishop.

the after to look temporal and were hotly: "I answered She would the queswhere Cedar Ward, The spiritual of in their welfare those

tell affairs."them to mind their own tion used, sheet herewith was shown district.

"Yes, Mrs. Anderson,"he remay be taken as a typical example

plied, "that is just what you would of settlements in the Mormon terSome of the Questions do, but if your brethren did ask ritory. Its membership comprised

such questions you would have a converts who had suffered the perAll laws and regulatory measures better church and the church would secutions of Missouri and Illinois grow out of the experiences and have a better people."and who were prominent in the exigencies of a people. This quaint

Tt seemed to me that Mr. Couch councils of the Church. In addition. old catechism, therefore, sheds an

QUESTIONS TO BE ASKED # THE LATTERDAY SAINTS 1. Have you committed murder by

shedding of innocent blood or consenting thereto?

2. Have you betrayed your brethren or sisters in anything?

3. Have you committed adultery by

having connection with a woman that was not your wife, or a man that was not your husband?

4. Have you taken and made use of

property not your own, without the consent of the owner?

5. Have you cut hay where you had

no right to, or turned your animals into another person's grain or field without his knowledge and consent?

6. Have you lied about or maliciously misrepresented any person or thing?

7. Have you borrowed anything

that you have not returned, or paid for? 8. Have you borne false witness

against your neighbor?

9. Have you taken the name of

Deity in vain?

10. Have you coveted anything not

your own? 11. Have you been intoxicated with

strong drink?

12. Have you found lost property

and not returned it to the owner, or used all diligence to do so?

13. Have you branded an animal that

you did not know to be your own?

14. Have you taken another's horse

or mule from the range and rode it without the owner's consent?

15. Have you fulfilled your promises

in paying your debts or run into debt without prospect of paying?

16. Have you taken water to irrigate

when it belonged to another person at the time you used it?

1 7. Do you pay your tithing promptly?

18. Do you teach your family the

Gospel of salvation?

pe alf **'to "%Jib 19. Doren,youor speakagainstagainstanyyourprinciplebrethtaught us in the Bible, Book of

-'Or ></.<..* buf Jet oucj, }kWi Otr&-*s Mormon, Book of Doctrine and

fX,rttn..:yu.mk<a l)-.n,.fr,....W|, 1.* Covenants, Revelations given

through the Prophet Joseph Smith the Presidency of the Church andTHE A REPRODUCTION OF OLD CATECHISM, organized? as now A drop a bar and let the animals in for PAGE MUTILATED AND BADLYMUCHWORN

night family pray in your Do youFROM THE HISTORIC DOCUMENT IN QUESTION. the night was great. 20.

to attend morning and and Moreover, when the country was secret prayers? your

illuminating side light on life in piosettled, the people found, on the bot21. Do you wash your body and have

neer Utah. toms where the high waters from your family do so as often as

Consider, for instance, question the creeks overflowed, tracts of nahealth and cleanliness require and

No, 5: "Have you cut hay where tive wiregrass meadow on almost 22. Docircumstancesyou labor sixwilldayspermit?and go to

you had no right to, or turned your every stream. No man was allowed the house of worship on the sevanimals into another's grain or field to monopolize this forage for his enth?

family attend and your you Do sur23. use, consent?"without but were his knowledge and the meadows own meetings? ward

into the evil small that apporsuggests veyed lots andThe question 24. preside over your houseDo you

was, perhaps, more common than it tioned among the families so that hold as a servant of God, and is is today, and the temptation was cereach settler might have a bit of hay your family subject to you?

tainly much greater. Very little land from which to cut feed for his 25. Haveearnedyoufaithfullylaboredthediligentlywages paidand

forage could be stored at home, for winter needs. The lots were marked you by your employer?

it was not yet abundantly produced. by stakes set at each corner, and 26. Do you oppress the hireling in

The work animals were turned out the adjoining owners were to respect his wages?

at night to pick their own living, the dividing lines which could easily 27. Haveverted youany straytaken animalup andto yourconand men arose early and went out be determined by sighting from one own use or in any manner apafoot, often four or five miles, barestake to another. A selfish man propriated one to your benefit

footed and before breakfast, to find might crowd the line and a dishonest without accounting therefor to and bring them home for the day's man sometimes swung out for a the proper authorities?

work. Under such conditions the swath from his neighbor's ground, personsThen whofollowsreceivean admonitionconfessions thatare

temptation to cut an armful or two or found plausible excuse for his not at liberty to pry into sins that of hay from a neighbor's field or {Continued on page 246) are between a person and his God.

TOBACCO GOOD MANNERS W T-Tas courtesy declined with the nicotinization of mankind? YOU HAVE HEARD OF THE RIGHTS OF THE SMOKER—

had been two years since I first NOW LEARN SOMETHING OF THE RIGHTS OF THE NONSMOKER.

It formed Bill's acquaintance, and when I learned that he was to By IRA NEIBAUR HAYWARD university the state attend at which Assistant Professor of English, sabbatical year, I was taking my Agricultural College State I Utah was delighted at the prospect of renewing our friendship. Our acquaintance had begun at another

midwestern university, where we lieve, unduly fastidious. Each of us

had sweltered together one summer has had the advantage of a fair eduthrough recordbreaking heat. We cation, and we are both fully aware

were both from the far west, and that it takes all kinds of people to interest in a common major threw make a world. Whatever we may

us together in two classes daily. In occasionally think of our own peothe seminar study room our desks ple who smoke, we have, we hope,

were side by side. a reasonable degree of tolerance for

To me, Bill had been a challenge those who, not knowing the word of and a pacesetter. A man of keen God on the subject, succumb to a

intellect, he was possessed also of habit which, under pressure of per- a dogged persistence, coupled with haps the most subtle propaganda yet a sound critical sense, which made proceeded to "light up"without so devised by advertisers, is rapidly him a promising research scholar. much as a gesture of byyour-leave. making itself a major hygienic and

His example, I had found, kept me Indeed, it was only by excusing mypossibly eugenic menace.

persevering at my own tasks when self abruptly and dashing to the Yet when Bill had gone, I was the humid summer heat might have kitchen for the combination ashtray conscious of a feeling of pain. We

tempted me to less trying activities. and matchsafe, which was supplied had both been glad to have him call

Bill was a captain in the Officers'as part of the furnishings of our and had done our best to make him

Reserve. Physically upstanding and apartment, that I was able to avert welcome. If he had asked permisclean-looking, he seemed to me a what might have been to us a minor sion to smoke, we should, I think,

credit to the service. In all our ascatastrophe. I returned barely in have granted it cheerfully as a coursociations, I had never heard him time to anticipate that reflex flick of tesy due to a guest. What annoyed,

use profanity, nor had an impure Bill's little finger which would have was the smoker's characteristic, calword or story passed his lips. sent the fastlengthening finger of lous indifference to the fact that there

In a big school one forms many ash fluttering down from the end of are still left in the world, people who pleasant acquaintances, but intimate his cigarette to our livingroom rug. are made acutely uncomfortable by

friendships are rare, and in conse- A variety of work in a variety of tobacco smoke at close quarters.

valued.quence be places into much to Hence has thrown me all my life experience reminded The me Bill's first visit anticipation to of close quarters smokers. withmy As the relationship of a again that seemsour apartment an been nostrils unmixed had consequence lungs and my existed the between to have growthpleasure. in tolerant a have measure become habit decline the the tobacco of and

I his arrival, abruptly But to the upon smell of tobacco. wife My ordinary of throughmanners good

soil in great of conscious "a for the contrary,was unfortunately on

I is It significant, the out world.

gloss"our ofthe live in renewed forced nicotinized the new to one believe, that of use the has tobacco

I Bill'sfriendship. forgotten had one century, twentieth has not acquired first raised the question a of from

vice.persistent In a university fact, this In convenient immunity. inbest the to manners. According

is habit thewhere smell at close of the among common tobacco smoke

I obtain, able to the formation am

I faculty not students,both had distresses and to point her the range in to the brought Europe was of weed

I intimately beforeobserved set discomfort. the acute ashhow my As snuff of 1 559. form about Smokingfriend's ease of body and mind was tray down, I turned in time to find was introduced in England about routine of almost the withbound up conflictof face her a battleground of nonusers 1585. The reaction smoking.constant ing emotions. however, The battle, instantaneous. one auSays was over learns to pass spirone decisive one. But what a short, was The thority:

without particular annoyance in pubit, fighting valiantly to preserve the

It priests strongly opposed by both waslic in is to ignore so easy not always to hostess, soon proper decorum a rulers. Innoand VIII and Pope Urban

I flesh, intimacythe home. of one's before the outraged own gave way bulls cent such issued excommunicating XI

confess that my sense of the courtesy and excusing herself on the grounds as used snuff in church, and in Turkey due a guest was strained somewhat of pressing household duties, my smoking was made a capital offense. In

of the prohibition the the canton of Bern seating immediatelywhen, upon wife my the ten put of tobacco struck her colors and fled the use among was field. chair that ourhim in the one easy forafter that immediately commandments

modest livingroom afforded. Bill Now we are not, we like to bebidding adultery.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

Tn Protestant England, the reaction by the irrepressible editor of the nicotinefuddled age. Never before

was equally violent. In 1604, less Rowdy Journal, enters the boarding have women been so lectured,

than twenty years after its introduchouse kept by one Major Pawkins warned, and browbeaten as during tion, tobacco was denounced by in New York. They find the major the past twenty years on the matter

James I in his vigorous "Counterseated in his rocker before the dining of "giving offense"by bad breath blast to Tobacco."A reference room stove which was "garnished or perspiration odors. Scarcely an

rather more significant for our preson either side with a great brass advertising page may be turned in a ent purpose, however, comes in a spittoon."The major "amused himmagazine appealing to the interests

curious and delightful volume called self by spitting alternately into the of women that one is not confronted

The Gull's Hornbook, written in spittoon on the right hand of the by harrowing object lessons. What

1609 by Thomas Dekker, the playstove, and the spittoon on the left, happens to the "popularity"of the wright. To some extent a burlesque and then working his way back girl who is "careless"in the matter

of the popular "conduct books"of again in the same order."of the right dentifrice or mouth

the day, the book is at the same time The picture was not wholly fanciwash, the right soap or body de- a satire on the prevailing manners ful. Dickens had witnessed similar odorant, or the right preparation for

of the rising English middle class. scenes some years previously on his washing "underthings"is made the

In a chapter entitled "How a gallant basis for endless dramatizations.

should behave himself in a PlayYet sideby-side with these adhouse,"Dekker describes the motley vertisements, often, we may be sure, audiences at London theatres as foldesigned by the same agencies, are lows: "The place is so free in enpictures of other girls, immaculate

tertainment... that your stinkard of body and attire, flashing smiles

has the selfsame liberty to be there that speak volumes for meticulous in his tobacco fumes, which your dental care, and—ah, crowningsweet courtier hath."triumph!—surrounded each by a

Here, it would appear, is the direct baker's dozen of languishing swains.

testimony of uncontaminated nosAnd all this popularity and charm, trils as to what the advertisers dethe captions inform us, is the rescribe so delicately as the "aroma"ward of virtue—the virtue of having

of tobacco. This same prejudice chosen the brand of cigarette which

against "the stinkard in his tobacco marks the chooser as a girl of taste fumes"seems to have persisted in and refinement!

England down to the middle of the It may be that a nicotinedeadened

Victorian era at least. Describing swain is, by long indulgence, renof anesthetized to the odor dered in conversation evening spentan tour. his In American American breath, the the stale tobacco on the at thewith poet Swinburne

his describing journey home Notes, the girl of clothing the to body, and his Milnes, friendof Monckton he says: Washington, governing nerve smokes. The who writes:Henry Adams

is easily fatigued. of smell the these sense of prevalence odious two The

ladies In 1862, even were not when in practices of expectorating bechewing and of In time, the "aroma"an ireventhe forbidden, house, and smoking was this time to about gan but anything be in ritated polecat becomes, a measin or stables the the guests usually smoked agreeable, offensive and soon most became kitchen; but Monckton Milnes was a licensed and sickening. In all public places of ure, supportable.

let his guests smokelibertine who in America, this filthy custom is recognized. But he whose olfactory sense is sinceAdams's bedroom, was an Adams

from uncontaminated! borrow ToAmericanGerman barbarian ignorant of in courts found addicts Dickens

it all!manners. about Omar, "He knows He law, in hospitals, of buildin public

more knows! And He in implication the above The pasings, in dining the rooms, and on

it not such than one knows!"has—doubt in that British the the nineteenthsage boats. of decks at passenger Even

relief in quick a from turned awaycentury contemptuwere somewhat callers the found House, he White girl immaculate and otherwise the of tobaccoous manners of Amerin President's the bedrawing room icans, is, I think, deliberate. In his stowing their "favors abundantly charming, whose presence has been

voluminous reading, Adams had no upon the carpet."something too redolent of tobacco

doubt more than once come upon smoke; whether fresh or staled by

is small.the comments of British travelers Cince Dickens'visit, American totime—the choice

concerning the inveterate American bacco addicts have learned a In more ways than one, women smokers are making their own spehabit of using tobacco in every conthing or two—about germs, if not

ceivable form and at all conceivable about manners. Yet it is doubtful cial contribution to the formidable

places. Thomas Moore, the Irish that on the whole tobacco manners catalogue of tobacco bad manners.

poet, had been outspoken in expresshave improved. Should Dickens A few months ago, Gelett Burgess,

ing his disgust, and Harriet Marvisit America today, he would be long a favorite author of essays on tineau, the social essayist, though in pleased, we may be sure, to find manners, wrote for a New York the main friendly, found the tobacco fewer men chewing tobacco. But he magazine an article entitled "Wommanners of Americans rather more would, on the other hand, find Ameren Don't Know How to Smoke."

than she could stomach. ican women smoking, and I doubt "Women,"he states, "have

But for sheer revulsion of feeling, that the soul of the author to whom brushed aside all traditions of courno other Britisher reached the womanhood was synonymous with tesy and consideration when they heights of the novelist, Charles all that is high and sweet would be smoke."Admitting that "men too

Dickens. No one who has read greatly uplifted by the change. often offend"and that the'younger

Martin Chuzzlewitt is likely to forAnd here is one of the strangest generation of male smokers espeget the scene where Martin, guided paradoxes of the manners of this {Continued on page 242)

J: )

One complete page of accounts, ruled up in orderly columns, contains these items A PIONEER'S "Received of Samuel Peterson $ 1 yoke of cattle..'. 100

1 wagon 100 1 40 cowACCOUNT BOOK 1 coat '. 16

(RswaaUnq that: in. i&AMA, 0$. JthsL ma.- ToolsSole Leather 18.508.50

iSLhiaL WSL WlSL Aidv jOA. Q/WSL6JJLdu, bsUMUJLbJL ShoeHorn MakingBrand 21.555.50

Pair of Flat Irons 5 1 Boiling Pot 3 wa&hiub AjoIcL o*l $wsl dollaAA. "I have receipted this 318.05

"Received on boot between oxen leather from Smith 8 By A. C LAMBERT, Ph. D. Porkbeef16 lbs. 1 dollar's worth of 1

8.50 Ropes Brigham Young University Received 7 lumber Wagon bed

Lead 40 1 wash tub 5 1 wash tub, 1 bucket 7 Pots from the Potters.85 1 Nails 5 m *JmMu..ofd. I s"mmrnA/... |

The purchases and sales recorded

JL at through the book at irregular interreflect vals a of very range narrow ix\ 4 articles this piopurchased food by / '&yf fiftynine the household. neer Of t m

entries of purchases recorded on three pages of this little book, twenty diM.., f entries are for flour with a total of

twentyseven entries that total 46 l / m 303 pounds. Butter is the item in

of pounds: 5': pounds. A total of 17J4 l[ w %md ilLi entries. for in ten cheese is accounted

fit t / W$f 4mf\ i *i Two entries occur for a total of 7% // M-tim$'i 1 * ttA //:; $ poundsfew entriesof salt.that remainAll butandonethatof thelist

sale or purchase of dressed meat call for either mutton or pork. Cattle

had value for power as well as for food.

HThe account book from which these

TWO PAGES, LAID OPEN, OF A PIONEER'S ACCOUNT BOOK entries are taken belonged to the writer's paternal grandfather, John

Howopenstartledyour householdyou wouldaccountbe to roomand reveallog cabinfragmentsseems ofto theswingfinancialopen Lambert, who ( wasConcludedbornonatpage"Gar242 book today and read: flour, transactions of a young pioneer INSIDE FRONT COVER OF A PIONEER'S

one hundred pounds, six dollars; couple just getting settled in ACCOUNT BOOK

one washtub, five dollars; one boil- "Rhoades Valley,"Utah, during

ing pot, three dollars; shoemaking, the first year of the Civil War.

twentyone dollars fiftyfive cents; From this account book, kept in a

pork, twentyfive cents a pound; woman's handwriting, that of Adelia

butter, twentyfive cents a pound; Lambert, wife of John Lambert, livcheese, twentyfive cents a pound; ing in Rhoades Valley, Utah, in the

one horn brand, five dollars fifty early sixties, there come these cents; one pair flat irons, five dolitems:

lars; one yoke of cattle, one hundred "Paid David Eubanks

dollars. These would be interest- 2 pounds of butter 50 cts.

ing entries, indeed, and they are real IVi pounds of cheese 62 cts.

entries. An account book lying open 1916 poundspounds ofof porkflour 256 cts.cts. perper lb.lb.

on the writer's desk contains these 2 pounds of cheese 50 cts.

items. 4% ""salt 15 cts.

the the date But on yellowing

. thisleaves of is 1861 book The en- "JulyPaid14th,Wm.1861R. Green

tries are in good handwriting, some 1 sheep, 7 dollars in faded ink, and some in legible "April 17th, 1861 pencil. As one scans the pages of For herding and wintering a steer up to

this little book the door of a onethe 1st Dec, 1863, 14 dollars w This night, thou FOOL

P. K. EDMUNDS. M.D

A SHORT

SHORT STORY

Complete on this page

.he telephone rang piness to do so. Happiness which Church work."Of course, it was a again. FromX the shower room Bill comes only from that service which good thing and had to be done. But

Turner stuck his head through the is born of love, and which is not so was the business of earning a halfopen door as Mrs. Turner came nor can be—measured in dollars and living, and once he was "on his feet"

into the hall. "Shall I answer it, cents. he'd be able to take things easy; and

dear?"she asked. "Yeah, please,"At the office Bill Turner hesitated. then he could devote more time to

then he added as an afterthought, Something unusual had caught his the Church. This, he told himself,

"And if it's Brother Evans wanting eye. Across the street a new sign he would surely do—and believed it.

me to go Ward Teaching again, tell hung on the door of the corner church To bolster his belief he would often

singular service to himif—?"I'm Theout."telephone"But dear,rang againwhat words,and emblazoned on it were the readyrecountrenderedto himselfa that he had aland Mrs. Turner answered it. "Yes, the Church in filling a longterm for- O, yes, Brother Evans.... Fine, ANY MAN WHO IS TOO BUSY eign mission, and surely the Lord

if now he turned thank you.... Why, he's—busy."TO SERVE GOD IS—TOO would excuse him

... A pause.... "Yes, you see, it's BUSY. his efforts toward making himself

the end of the year and those office He read it and reread it; then, with and family socially secure.

reports..."Another pause... "All a shrug fitted the key into the door But God loved Bill Turner, loved

right, thank you, Brother Evans; I'll and closed the door behind him. him enough it seemed to intervene

it was too late. tell him. Goodbye."It was, as usual recently, many—this night—before

"Wha'd'he say?"asked Mr. hours before the door opened again And Turner lived eternities in the

Turner, coming out into the living and Bill Turner stepped out into the few hours spent that night in the ofroom, hat in hand. late night. But tonight he had acfice. The Battle of the Ages was

"He said he'd go alone; that he complished little work. His mind fought again in his mind: Satan

was sorry you had to work so hard just hadn't seemed to function, and fought and his angels, and Michael prevailand hoped you'd soon get some rest."the sum of each column of figures fought and his angels—and

"Sensible man, Evans. Most of 'em seemed to be expressed in two words ed. Into Bill Turner's mind came

as he recalled the thought climaxing busito run your yuh go telling how first, had Turner At BUSY.—TOO rich the the parable man, of "Thou tell to ness going you're and you his tried the cast out of to words."

.. fool! This night. if hell to miss meeting a happen you in himself an prodded mind and

or two. Well, so long. I'll be home effort to keep pace with his usual This night Bill Turner had been

kind of late, I guess."alacrity in turning out reports; work born anew. It was a dark night but

Mrs. Turner suppressed a desire which had won for him praise from across the way the flickering arc

to remonstrate further with her hushis employer and one promotion after light still illumined the church front.

band. She had futilely tried many another. Stimulated anew each time, Turner paused to read again the

times to persuade him that their lives Bill redoubled his efforts and put in words, would be much happier were he to more and more overtime, curbed ANY MAN WHO IS TOO BUSY divide his time more equitably bemore and more his Church work, TO SERVE GOD IS—TOO

tween Church work and the business spent less and less time at home, BUSY.

of making a living. Bill had recently more and more time at the office. "Too busy,"he repeated. "I could

been rapidly climbing the ladder of He had prided himself on being sucmake that more emphatic,"said Bill success in his business but she cessful and frequently became analoud. "But then,"he added, with

couldn't help feeling that he was borgered because his wife was "nar- a little laugh, "that would be swearrowing rungs from the ladder of haprow"and "couldn't see anything but ing."

s

J** NATIVE BLOOD

reservation, and they made more fuss over the Navajo boy preparing to run than they had made over the old mare. He simply had to win

they couldn't bear anything short of

it.

With the animation of racial pride like a stimulus in his blood, Yoinsnez mounted a hogan and watched with dropped jaw, Eltceesie beside him. The white

man gave it every ounce of strength he had to give, but he fell behind as the exulting roar became deafenSTARTING FOR THE STORE. ing all around him.

Photo by Harry Goulding, Monument Valley Trading Post Operator. The Badger was really disaphimself and repeated his comBy ALBERT R. LYMAN pointedered at this outcome, yet he gathpliments. After all, he could well

afford to give them the big laugh, in Peejo, the a Down FAR: newHPHE adopted THUS STORY son a now of slap; tickled patronizing the they

* the land the wealthy Navajos, white the man, that of where word who for the old paved and man the waygreat, weird he shapes Valley would back come of Monument some day of sentday—a different. something inpunctuate skyline the the Southwest, triumnh Peejo for which Yoinsnez of "will

his his belly his Yoinsnez daughter, crawl son and on and help to beg and me "Youbetcherlife! old man The

Eltceesie, in lived him."there to further neighboring a hogan, Then came plague his horses what his men and little his life Yoinsnez'sHusteele son Peejo. white a burly and set knows But deman who

spite their neighborliness in all other things up a questionable trading post, operated can do, and he knows now there's there rivalry a bitter grew just the stuff it—it's the capturetwo [or a phantom of wins."betweenhorse—the goadedon gamblingthe reluctantprinciples,Yoinsnezand whointo finallya bet inno thetrickwinneraboutthat

Beeleh thlizhen stallion high stakes on a horserace and a footof for {blackhorse)—a

race. Eltceesie was there to hear itArabian type that appeared fullgrown on

Huskaniny Mesa on the UtahArizona line, her father now had a pedestal from hisand which all efforts capture, defied for stealth, trickery,whether force. or of As Chapter VI whichever tohechallengecould crowhistooclaimsloud foragain.herthe occupants attempt of each hogan would

his capture, the occupants of the other Also she had caught the spirit of the rivals to see if their waitwould lie in were in big spite of her school crowd and with borXo, oinsnezsuccessful. Suddenly, however, the dread her she delight manners howled had rowed cashY had covered theinfluenza struck one the Yoinsnez, hogan of

crushing the life from his son and proshundred dollars, and he hoped to when the Navajo boy took the lead.

colt alltrating Begay their others. and his rivals brown won While were win, though reconciled he to When was

stricken,so Husteele Peejo and sought greater glory in a event, she would lose. Other Navajos, suspecting toagain capture without Blackhorse—but forget her wanderer and the worship nothing, theirsuccess. cash put up the on the old devastating visThen plague

ited the hogan of Husteele. Ten days later, standby as long as anyone would medicine man's son.

after Yoinsnez had finally gained strength call their bets. In spite of The Badger's soothing

to visit his rival,enough neighbor and only The horserace was dangerously compliments, Yoinsnez simply hadelevenyear-old alive. Peejo Yoinwas still

snez took the boy to his own roof and close, but the gray seemed to fade to indulge his passion for crowing;

cared for him. He also took Husteele out before they reached the line, and even that would not compensate for

horses herds and mingled and them with while the Navajos howled their dehis long period of humiliation.his own, burned Husteele's and hodown

gan in an effort to blot out the dread epilight and claimed their money, The "A law!"( Well, well ) he gloated

demic. Yoinsnez's first feeling of compasBadger made a great show of disas he entered the store, "The Great

sion to soon, however, rising turned resentappointment, but Spirit gives faster people remembering horses no what bitter distrustment Peejo and when seemed faster legs a good loser he us. than to nor he gives had pretended tell Wereluctant to all that his he father, and

Husteele, had learned of Blackhorse. Bebe, he slapped Yoinsnez on the back fight our way in heat and cold; we

fore an adequate period of convalescence, as the money was delivered. meet the fury of drouth and desolaPeejo Eltceesie caring out were and for ha, youbetcherlife! tion in "Ha, ha, desert, the and we thrive beWhothe rival sheep, Eltceesie's as a and for

trick the faplayed this time? of superior toughness."our The cause therevor vain Begay, came Natawney

and favored son of the tribe's big medicine old man is smarter than I took him to The storeman made no answer man. In boyish physical bested conflicts he be."and sat for this once as if he werethe sickworn Peejo. Yoinsnez's apopen

proval of Begay's attentions widened the The flattery, however transparent, humbled.

breach between Yoinsnez and Peejo, and, was too sweet to be resented, for in "Everything among us that can't driven to anger, told Peejo that Yoinsnez its spell refreshing the gloomy on, take it,"the old went "must man until neverhe Blackhorse would he find secret of Peejo shadow and his were it's a horse or die, whether man. a returned thehad to Peejo horses sheep and

taken from his father's corral, and then forgotten. But your weak horses and your weak

Peejo disappeared. lengthened Months had to live that of old along and men are doctored bay mare The sight

into years returned when Begay from home line for after their kind across propagate the all these a weak ina celebration to tell Mexico a leading Newbrooding Yoinsnez of having seen Peejo—years, stirred the native blood of the race."

HORSES ON THE HORIZON

Photograph bi) C. R, Hirans.

The Badger listened; he 'was bidfaster legs but faster brains or we The old man flinched—his sheep!

Lig his time; he wanted the old man couldn't trim you so often in coonHis living! And a thousand dollars

to get steamed up to the right pitch, can."—he had never had that much money

like a melon fully ripe. "Doetahl Doetah!"(No! No!) at once.

"Your horses have to be kept in Yoinsnez exploded, knitting his "Hacoonl"(Come on) bantered warm barns or they die with the heavy brow in no humor to hear it the storeman, tormentingly, "Put a again, beat to feed have them with you "Wecold—you

like it again. in blankets square.spoon do them and wrap We can fair Weand updotingthe oldgoodsman—myor quit talkingstore againstlike a

babies. Your men must have dainty and our horses have been learning your sheep, and the winner takes

food prepared for sick people, and for ages to run, to meet exposure, both horses."

they have to live in warm rooms hardship, and hunger without exaway from the drafts and sleep in haustion. You and your horses are JLhe store was crowded

snug blankets like mice in winter. tender like plants that grow in the with men who had been touched by

You are an effeminate breed,"shade."seeing the old bay mare nose out

Yoinsnez declared, rubbing it in with "Old men like to tell what they ahead in the race, men who had a vengeance, "that's why our horse used to do,"The Badger interrupted, yelled themselves hoarse with exbeat your horse, and our man beat keen for the flame his words had ultation when the Navajo boy crossyour man."kindled, "Your men and horses used ed the line ahead. Something thicker

It was the old man's turn to exto be the fastest in this country, than water in their blood had cappand, but there are limits even to but that was before we came."tured their sympathies for the old

what treacherous policy will endure. The old man stood with his back man's national pride, and they want-

"You beat us,"The Badger eonagainst the wall and resolved to be ed the medicine man's son and his the of foghorn can't do heard aboveceded modestly, "but you colt to shine in the big event his opbrown 7,it fastest!"again."are still the ponent: to be. this promised "We

They couldn't do it again—what he yelled. "We proved it. Now if "Take it!"demanded Begay hotly.

an insult! There was nothing they you cari't keep still, we'll prove it in "Take it! Take it!"called a dozen

wanted more to do than to prove a way that you'll have to be still,"voices at once, "We'll raise the they could do it again, and do it more for he had in mind Begay and the inmoney."

completely. Apparently The Badger vincible brown colt, and he was in a Inspired by hearty support where

still thought himself alone in that fever of eagerness to see them in he had been meeting ridicule, the old game of "baiting,"not suspecting glorious display on the track to the man faced the challenge without that Tillego was alive and rearing to humiliation and loss of all who would compromise. "Hacoonl"he snapxun, and that he had never been bet against them. ped, making one word express volbeaten. And he didn't dream that The Badger J jumped at it—his ume of feelings.

Begay had done the most heroic melon was ripe to pick; "I'll bet my "That's the spirit!"bawled The

thing of his life in staying out of store against your sheep,"he anBadger, patronizingly, reaching with the race at his intended fatherin- nounced in a thundering broadside. his hand but failing to touch the old

law's request. "Youbetcherlife! My store against man, "Your man must be a Navajo,

"We have faster horses and faster your sheep on the white man's horse, and your horse a Navajo horse, and legs than the Navajos,"declared and I'll bet a thousand dollars we if either party backs out he loses the the storeman, waking up with precan pass any man you put on the stakes the same as if he had lost the meditated antagonism, "not only track!"race. (Continued on page 241

JhsL PROTESTORS OF CHRISTENDOM

xiii. WjcUdtm. aCulh&L Augsburg. The elector, however,

instructed his theologians to draw up articles of belief in view of the proceedings of the Diet. Luther, By JAMES L BARKER Melanchthon, and Jonas went to the

Head of the Department of Modern Languages at elector at Torgau to accompany him the University of Utah, and a member of the Gen to the Diet. Luther, however, being

erat Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union under the ban of the empire since the Diet of Worms, was left at Coburg in the castle there overlooking ( Continued In the same book Luther indicates the town.

also that God means to save some For this Diet, the Protestants the rest to deserved perprepared three confessions. For thefter Worms, Luther broke and leave

not only with Carlstadt and dition. Lutherans, the Augsburg confession

the radical group of ReformThis Augustinian doctrine, adoptwas written by Melanchthon and ers, but also with Erasmus and ed by Luther, was in the opinion of approved by Luther. The Lutherans

many of the Humanists. Erasmus Erasmus equivalent to: "God works of Southern Germany presented the

had been largely in agreement with in us good and evil, and crowns Confessio Tetropolitana, written by

Luther concerning the abuses of the His good works in us, and punishes Bucer who shared some of Zwingli's

Church. After Luther burned the His bad works in us."If we are enviews. Zwingli wrote a separate conpope's bull and the canon law, and tirely passive, we are only machines, fession of faith. The emperor refused

especially after Worms, Erasmus but, even so, why would the Lord the Zwinglians and the Southern hesitated to follow him. Moreover, not save all of us then, and, if we Germans a hearing, though refutaErasmus did not accept the fundacannot will to do good, according tions of both confessions were made

mental doctrine of Luther of justifito what principle would He save later by Roman theologians.

It to impossible us? part seems of his alone, faith doccation and by that to sought show Melanchthon questhese answer sense and make salvation, of in that,trine the work in doctrines were the Lutheran

all of Reformers the tions; however, passive, could entirely not wasman traditional docwith the agreement beviews and Augustine's adopted totally right,will to and was do of or early trines the church of

total of in depravity man the lieveddepraved. ) ( Christian universal Catholic the of in sovereignty absolute the and come, Erasdid the break When difLutherans that the church, and of the grace God. doctrine of Luther's attackedmus only church the fered from Roman

total depravity. In 1524, Erasmus Luther had often advocated marin their abolition of certain abuses.

published the "Freedom of the riage and decried the celibacy of the Had Luther written the confession,

Will."In it, he defended freedom priests. In June, 1525, he married he would have accentuated the difas an indispensable condition of Catherine von Bora, a former nun. ferences to a greater degree; howmoral responsibility, without which She had lived ten years in the cloisever, he expressed entire approval

repentance, Christ's call to repent ter and was twentysix years old. of the Confession as drawn by Me-

(Matthew 23:37), and the will of Luther was fortytwo. The marlanchthon. On June 25, the ConfesGod that no one should perish, have riage surprised both friend and foe, sion was submitted in German to

no meaning. and Luther was severely criticized the emperor and the Diet. It conIn December, 1525, Luther pubby the Roman party. The marriage sisted of twentyeight articles; sevlished his reply, Slavery of the Will. proved a happy one. en were devoted to errors and

Of it Schaff says: Needing assistance from the Proabuses, and the remaining twentyHe inseparably connects divine foretestant princes to repel the Turks, one defined the beliefs of the Luknowledge and foreordination [predestinathe emperor convoked a Diet to therans. The Roman church preinfers almighty God'stion], from and It in 1530. at Augsburg meet Melanch- a refutation, was sented and

all things that happen by necessity,power with deal to to decide "how best times seven an answer thon prepared in the freedom there can be noand that creature. He represents the human will as and determine the differences and longer than the Confession. The

just as goes which a or as donkey horsea faith the in division and the holy anreceive the refused to emperor is it; rider the that directs rider andthe religion"the emperChristian and that the Diet voted Conswer. The fallen nature, of state in and thedevil opinthat man's "every desired or the refuted fession by been had will has state of grace. in the no TheGod

choice of master; it is God and the devil ions, thoughts, and notions should Catholics and the Protestants must

who are fighting for its possession. The be heard in love and charity, and recant; if the Protestants did not

to repentance and exhortationsScripture that weighed, carefully and men church the to by submit Roman seriunderstood living be must notholy in common be brought should thus be sup1531, they would April 15, if ironically, say as would butously, God 5 to man: "Only try to repent and to do to Christian truth and reconciled."pressed by force.

good, and you will find out that you canElector that the predicted It was the Lutheran of opinion In the it."1not do appear not dare would John a porbrought in party, "Luther had

Schaff. A History of the Christian Church, Vol VI, 2Cited in Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 402. tion of the Christian church back 431.p.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

to the three great original principles The Christian church, therefore, er councils and fathers before it agree with of Christianity. [Holy Scriptures must remain, even though there Cyprian....

if St. of the Council and Cyprian Now

this rule of the othersas the sole normal authority for should be but two believers on earth. Nicea had and

faith and life; justification by faith It is no new church that came into apostles before them, how shall we haralone without any merits of good being at the Reformation. monize the fathers? The apostles and CypSt. rebaptism; Augustine and want the priesthood ofwork; all beBelieving that the Lutherans were rian

the afterwards church want to have wholelievers]."3 "Luther simply had dethe continuation of true ancient "the

... it considered wrong.

manded that the Roman Catholic church,"Luther accepted the validHere the apostles and Cyprian are not church should eliminate certain unity of the baptism of the Roman at one with St. Augustine and the church,

scriptural doctrines and practices in church. As already seen, he defendon the subject of baptism. If we are to

St. Augustine, condemn must weorder that he his adherents and ed infant baptism against the Anafollow

rules, their the apostles the Niand and inmight remain church baptists. the Romish baptism also defended He the councils Council, preceding cene with

and worship God according to the by heretics: "St. Cyprian is one of and fathers, and with St. Cyprian; on the

dictates of a conscience bound by the earliest fathers.... He taught, other hand, if St. Cyprian and the apostles

right, St. are then Augustine and the ofthe it, stiff But the word God. Romish very and that about was

.., are church wrong. not only refusedchurch reto be heretics those baptized be must by

... are doubtful uncertain to be and We to butformed, threatened even suprebaptized. to this opinion He stuck it is settled, until council decides a and

press Lutheranism by force. The until his martyrdom, although vigNo, it must go otherwise than we pretendit!

Lutherans did not form a new orously admonished... by St. Corto prove from councils and fathers; or else

since the been church have no must. after thechurch schism with Rome. nelius, of bishop.. Later there Rome.

this is apostles, the posnot and time of merely a continuation formedThey difficulty in Augustine had excusing sible, for the there "I stand believe words, of the early Christian church as we him... [He] condemns St. Cyprione holy, Christian church"and "I am with

know it from the New Testament an's doctrine of rebaptism, which you, even to the end of the world."7

and from the early church fathers."* was afterwards repeatedly condemnto Luther reasons straight here "The action of the Diet effected ed and rightly so...."

that, folinevitable the conclusion the ProtestantRomish schism."But where do we stand with the fathers lowing the acceptance of bapthis doctrine bequeathed to St. who separation CypThis from the Roman heretics, tism everyone would, by

rian. in read (Eusebius) Ecclesi'You may final.church the Luther was and To in either time, a herbe baptized by astical History, VII, pages Book one and

itother presented a probReformers etic the two, great or bishop been what someone by of Dionysius who had lem: the papacy and the Roman

curia were corrupt; how should they

regard the church of Rome? Was

the baptism of the Roman church valid? "We do not rave, so as to

reject everything that the pope has under him; for then we would reject the holy Christian church, the

temple of God, with all that it has from Christ. But we contend against

and reject the work of the pope, in not abiding by those blessings, which the Christian church has inherited from the Apostles...."5

THE MARKETPLACE

f uther believed that the church IN WITTENBURG.

had endured from the time of the Apostles. He based this belief

on the promise of the Savior to the

Apostles and on John 14:16, 17, 18.

Said Luther:

Alexandria to writes Bishop Sextus heretic conseof baptized and, a by is there but doubt whatever That no in times, before that saying formerthat all, the will last Christian holy church at on Rome, quently, not baptized be it the [rebaptized in bishops did Africaearth eternally, last in the Christ as says there "therefore no been must have those heretics], baptized had been who by Iof with alway, "Lo, Matthew: you am

it since of the the time church Aposgreat bishops done important was and by the the ofeven unto end world."This

church is formed by the believers in Christ, and was decreed by the council of Iconitles,"and then he rejects his logwho maintain, believe, and teach the aforeum, and that so important a fact should ical conclusion together with the the considered be practice before wassaid articles therefore, and particulars and, early councils, conearly fathers, the and this article plainly Besides, demned. standssuffer persecution in the and martyrdom perhaps, themselves, in the Apostles of the the proceedings Council, Nicene isworld; the Gospel for where preached

that heretics, the and Paulianists or Phochurch, the not only because Roman rightly the sacraments administeredand tinians, to are this rebaptized; arbe and is conferred,or there the Christian holy also the church but Lutheran must

ticle St. gives difficulty Augustine much is it to fashioned,church; instructed nor be fall, is if logical true the conclusion his Heresies; twists of book he out On institutions, rightsor laws, or bound by heretical that baptism. difficulty by inthe baptism like is is no these: with words "Itextrinsics, state, living, or of pomp, mode

to believed the that be did Photinians not rejection, justify this has he no habit, or Tocustom hours seasons, or nor by the of form baptism [which wouldpersons "I Conceskeep other quoted: than that support or ceremonies.—Luther's invalidated have baptism], as other hereArticle.sion, Twelfth Christian church"one and is tics did."Yes, it to be believed anybelieve by

3Qua'ben, History Christian p. 190. Church, it one is believe can there who (Continued on 236) page no when

(Lutheran), Qualben the Christian History o/ of theA proof! will Anabaptists.... that maintain

p. 236.Church, I 7Luther, Part the Councils the Churches, and On it is right, St. against all Augustine and in Jacobs. 5Cited 381. Luther, p. Martin in Luther. A. Martin (1539), J. Holman Works

6Iacobs. 442. Luther, p. Martin us, of 165. because Vol. the Nicene othofpage Council V, and Company,

HOSTS AND GUESTS IN SAN NICOLAS,

ARGENTINA Left to right: Senor Herminio Pertuzzo, Belgrano

Club basketball commissioner; Senior Cayetano Cavalli,

president of Belgrano Club; Dr. Jose L. Morteo, Mayor

of San Nicolas, Argentina; Elder L. Peirce Brady;

President Frederick S. Williams; Sister Corraine

S. Williams.The hospitable

era of friendliness seemsANEWto be blossoming in the Argentine Mission. The old ARGENTINE

school of indifference and opposition >RESS AND PEOPLE HAIL A MISSIONARY GOOD WILL is giving way to a spirit of cooperTOUR IN THE LAND OF OUR SOUTHERN NEIGHBORS.

ation and helpfulness.

Proselyting in San Nicolas, Argentina, was first begun in January, BY it difficult to believe, which accounts 1 937. The work was hard and little for the almost daily visits of theprogress was made. About June 1 FREDERICK S.WILLIAMS commissioner with some incredulous

1938, President W. Ernest Young President of the Argentine Mission, friend to the home of the Elders.

transferred Elder L. Peirce Brady He tells his friends about the misto this city. Somewhat discouraged, and sionaries and says, "Come and see."

he began looking for a meetinghouse Soon the mayor of the city, Senor in a better neighborhood. After L. PEIRCE BRADY Dr. Jose Leo Morteo, came and made

canvassing the city he finally found recently of the Argentine Mission the acquaintance of the Elders. He

a house suited to our needs, but costing some fifteen pesos a month more than the Church could afford.

Elder Brady went to the city commission in charge of taxes and explained the kind of work he was doing. He felt that the city should

make a concession and cancel the fifteen peso tax assessed each month.

TEAM making after BASKETBALL MISSIONARY until commissioner, an ARGENTINE friends, other with returnedThe "LOS MORMONES"with impressed like so investigation, list was Ben (Captain), sounds of L. Payne their Junius names ripht: Left to now

L. Rolf Bergesnn, Dale J. Holman, Rulon Allen, R. that the missionaries register: of the social the call work the of the roll S. Jesperson, Lyman Earl, J. Avril Donal J. Larson,

tax was lifted and the Elders moved Shreeve. mayor, postmaster, presidents of two

in.

Commissioner Raul Mujica bedoing he couldn't believe it. He banks,professorpresidentof scienceof thein theRotaryNationalclub,

came a constant visitor to missionary didn't think it possible that there College, and many others. Elder

headquarters. The first time I met were young men in the world preachBrady organized them into an Enghim, he said that when Elder Brady ing the Gospel without making comlish Club. There are also some

explained what the missionaries were merce of it. His friends, too, found fifty children regularly attending

other English classes. The citizens

of San Nicolas, seeing this type of people going regularly into the meeting hall, do not hesitate to at-?&&. tend.

Last October, Mayor Morteo and of a is president CENTRAL MITRE. Senor Cavalli, PLAZA who

NICOLAS, IN SANMM SQUARE Athletic Belgrano and the INHABbank 40.000 CITY OF A

MISSIONITANTS. THE orchestra mission invited the Club,

IN THE PLAYED ARIES to be their team and basketball STAND OR BND ROTUNDA

SEEN AT THE LEFT. guests, all traveling and other expenses to be paid by the Athletic

Club to San Nicolas and back to {Concluded on page 237}

PRAYER

BY is light, is of which and he That God in light that receiveth continueth and GodLife, based upon the principle of prayer, is a successful life. The receiveth more light; and that light groweth

JR. brighter and brighter until the perfect day. Christ, teaching his disciples, JOSEPH QUINNEY,

said unto them: "Pray always, lest President of the Logan Temple Perhaps no scripture conveys a

ye enter into temptation."Prayer greater truth; it is powerful in subis not a duty; it is a genuine privilege. stance, classic in character; therefore,

like object betwixt beholders a transparent operbut"Privilege no law, knows spirit the with coupled of huto- when the sun, journeys them and and whoso fulfilling is theates and love it by love, mility a brings about and fakh, that the sun, person. journeys ward toward

of the law."He is thus the medium of the highest inrelationship between us and our FaOne's mental attitude should be fluence to all who are not on the same ther in Heaven that cannot be quesof character are Thus, men praying, level. the tioned. order highest when theof

conscience of the society they to which is approaching he reason thatfor the I submit the following belong.

is submitting holiest he of beings;the

is time to pray now: The Not light truth of thehimself through itself in friendfastens at yesterday, Cincerity nor tomorrow's dawn;

glorified, exalted, personage ato

I I life, but while now, leads ship have with man, and and when God he consequently, celestialized;and to folwith feel speak can to unfold of the God, strength and the is him all that with approachshould Him in of feel depth soul "I hidden thought: pride lowing must Him my

life. in beautifulfine and thoughts, in grace friend's and His be accomplishments. by made my

One should assume an attitude of Friendship, like the immortality of strong.

humility when praying to allow a the soul, is too good to be believed."The time to pray is now: I need

complete flow of the spirit of God But when we are moved in the light, God's holy light, to make the to operate in his behalf. A mental power of sincerity we see the imway; and then with unflinching courin order shouldinventory be taken friends. mortality of and of in a fragrance that sacred age be God

all any andto dismiss and eliminate Sincere prayer genuine unfold, and as I in splendor depath and suggestions derogatory to one's velops the finest thoughts and feelmove, the endowment of God's pure worthiness in approaching such a ings within the human soul, and love.

is Humility as being God.holy give expression these to when we is time to pray now: The Conholy to highsubmissiveness and that rest thoughts assured can we I fidently look to above: a up power character; it of is strength athings; will they Sinbe approved by God. that bless with and power my one's of personality in thea power will cere finest the provide prayer friends, country; home, and my mybeing. life, in attitudes will bring about and of with righteousness armour push

it to a prayer In addressing God trust in confidence the journey and lives build out with golden and is worthy of one's finest and highest of life. deeds.

is It feeling. a indeedthought and will of quality develop Prayer a

I is to time now: pray need The onecommitting expression, of faith,way will free doubt; be from which faith, vital in faith a then God, is that highestself the very to known it will that indeed assurance be an fellowmen. adjusted, mind my My into oneself transformingin bringing the dwells within that soul God let in soul gift to the opens great of our Christ withfellowship Jesus is lives, that Christ, the Jesus and light, let kind, charitable, be me us within dwelling haveLord. To is that of prophet Smith a Joseph loyal, obedient, honest, courageous, sincerity; to spirit genuine ofthe God. yea, strong: strong a a man, man, light of the through know,have God faith will of the prayer heal The reflecting highest, the the always is spirit, thattruth, His we which sick, will finest inthe give best and best. are genuine, sincereare indeed and life. terpretations the of of Gospel

is now: Alwaysimportant factors. The prayer of faith will develop The time to pray

culture, character, said: power. pure in and Master "The The A lyingevil one.in waitI needtostrength,receive, thelurksmightythe is sincere prayerful attitude will Sincerity shall and seeheart God."

a part of that quality of purity that develop a love for God, a love for arm of strength to cast aside this brings us into His celestial presence. fellowman. Indeed, it will place a author of lies and build a life of truth.

Sincerity is an element of life that greater meaning to the Savior's sayThe time to pray is now: Wait

has absolutely no relative in the ing: "Greater love hath no man not until distressed, oppressed, or

family of hypocrisy. It is the golden than this, that he lay down his life the hour of pain has come; pray

element of the genuine, just, and for his friend."It will bring us into now, in God's holy name pray, and

true; it is a radiation of character, fellowship with all that is fine and have the fortifying power of Him

definite power, and culture that insplendid; it will provide power and who loves and gives.

fluences human life to great and the light of wisdom; it will keep us The time to pray is now: I need

noble deeds. in the paths of righteousness; it will the Christ in time of peace as well

Sincerity is a part of that healthgive us the light of truth, which is a as trial. The hour of prayer is here.

ful soul, as Ralph Waldo Emerson testimony of the Gospel; it will give It is my hour of prayer, sweet hour

so beautifully puts it: us deep appreciation of the revelaof prayer; most reverently I bow, in

I tion given to the say, give Prophet Joseph humility "God, me the soul united with stands healthy A this Smith, in which strength to mine, classic, powerwill: not do Thy arranges as True,Just the magnet anditself with the pole, so that he stands to all ful, and true philosophy resides—I pray, be done."

AT EASTER TIDE HAMELAND STALLION IN THE STORM (A Sonnet) By Clara Aiken Speer By Harry Elmore Hurd

By Bertha A. Kleinman

land, Stallion is a gude land the padthis has jumped new Ay, Wind chilly night *"* in the I tae be, The remembers the bars; god land wush where dock AndIF is greetin'heart the stars But its slumbering sometimes I hear from whinnying him the acorn touch among me To

And points the pale fronds upward to the For a land acrass the sea; Before their lights blow out and rattling rain

light The sun shines nae so brawly, Obscures the world beyond my windowTo grace the forest with another king Nor is the wind sae kind, pane.

If God remembers in the radiant noon As the sun and the wind in ma ain land, Now sight bows out to sound... the spillTo touch my garden to its wakening; The land I hae left behind. ing eaves

If, from the ashes of the roses strewn, Drip monotones... the dervish dance of

He doth renew His covenant with spring, I lang for the auld time sing in'leaves

Yet shall He leave forgotten in the sod O'the words I kenned sae weel, Becomes macabre... otherworldlyThe wilted shard that yesterday was I—I lang for the tales an'sayin's moans

His imagery indentured after God That the fauk I lo'ed wad teel; Commingle with the inarticulate groans

Shall I in desolate oblivion lie? But that for which I'm langin'Of ancient rafters... handforged hinges

Nay, I am more than frond or leaf that Mair than ilka thing beside, cry, falls, Is sicht o'the bonnie lassie But rusty keys in iron locks defy

And I shall wake to answer when He calls. Wa'has promised to be ma bride. Assault. (Perhaps the crosses in the doors

Are really demonproof. ) With sullen roars

For she has the skees o'Scotland The fullspent storm retreats. I hear the

o'smilin'blue; In her een thud RISE CASTLES WHERE

bit Hielan'o'There's the a sunsheen Of rhythmic hoofbeats—muffled by the leal In her heart sae and true; Fisher Robinson By Linnie mud

She has a'the blithesome sayin's And where the road twists toward the silent

Dreaming at the furrow's end, At the tip o'her merry tongue; day

o'auld kens the songs days hue, She sees deeper day's Plowboy A stallion sounds his unmistakable neigh.

mithers sung. were That by our winter's due; that it notHeeds

Drinks the vastness of his world So I work and wait for her comin'TWILIGHT lay is the greetin'sair, purple shadows that heart aWhere Wie By Mabel Jones its shall find rest far away;Clouds mountains on she But comes when

evermair. bide me, soft at wie base, the blue mist mountain's To THE blade, his gleaming Sets plow, a o'bringin'best the Scotland For the golden tinge of sky, The

the horses thingsWhistles know the sea; she acrass comes Whenshe's the friendly closing in shadows And

to go; faith onward Steady this she'll o'lanely make, new land, And Tell us nigh. evening's

for her and for me. promise, A hameland the morrow's but Holding glorious Another Godgiven day

rise castles his All and glow swiftly to a close. Draws

furrow's the row. fromGolden WISHES THREE all therein and deeds your words Have

By Lurene Gates Wilkinson Merited sweet repose?

EVIDENCE I only was seven FRAGRANCE REINCARNATE When than anything By Cora May Preble Oh, more

I wished to be a fairy By Virginia Woolley tulip a waxen WATCHED I With lovely, fragile wings. Where have I known that fragrance the sun, to reach Lift its wings

before; I fiercely I seventeen, at the magic marveled At And

forest scent flowers of crushed burned The set the aflame; spun. world a newly cobweb To Of

the slight suggestion with of Mingled free the leafblade music slender a I saw To in my soul;

Put the dark of sod to rout, Know the heady glow of fame. musk?

cocoonsfrom wings emerge Watched in the hallway; past me I'll But doubt! Now nevermore is gone, had suddenly if she, who My sincewishesyounowfoundare fewmy woman's heart, AsIt brushed I saw a silver river, To walk beside you always Returned—unexpectedly.

Watched it winding on its way To keep a home for you.... m

Among the green of meadows REASSURANCE

At the painted dawn of day.

I saw a misty orchard By Sylvia Probst

Bursting with rosy bloom wide tell are dead; you me the heart accepts message They my Now not do know They the tomb! newlyopened Of

tells rose growing me of your hands A white

Whose work for beauty placed it where

FOREIGN PORT it stands.

And what your eyes had known By Helen McMahan I never knew:

tree, of a brook, a leafing The wonder in the early morning England sighted Until to see. taught one day you me how

for coast the along hours watched I And the way; I tried to pattern from your life,

I saw the cliffs and smuggler's caves of And learned

Cornwall To hunt the little joys each day could bring.

And little Fastnet Light across the bay. And hold love always as a sacred thing.

The seaside farms and vineyards waxed in splendor They tell me you are dead;

I watched the lovely rural scenes until They do not know—

At last we reached a quiet little harbor A lovely part of you is with me here,

And there was Plymouth on a rolling hill! So long as I'll remember, you'll be near.

WHEN THERE IS NO PEACE and send him happily into his adventure completed, however, and the editing was all (Hamilton Fish Armstrong, Macmillan of living. that he could not personally oversee. In

It is the kind York. 1939.Company, New

will to read want $1.75.)232 pages. of bookconstantly—andthat the childrenthat thefor subtide,Everyman,""An theIntroductionauthor setsto Languageforth his

parents will want them to read. M. C. /. thesis, which is that he would introduce

From the Prophet Jeremiah, Mr. Armeveryone into the culture that lies in both

title latest his the of takes strong book written taking language. spoken and By THE OF WONDER WORDS first situation. chapthe European Theon that use going the and words commonly we (Isaac Goldberg, D. AppletonCentury is titled this ter in European "The book histories, their into proves Dr. Goldberg Company, 1938. 467 pages. New York, "in that deals the idea with andParadox,"afthat is magical. genuine language A $3.75.) you, with seeks a quarrelcase someone is for the fection for the foundation words

what you must weigh is not a certain good P\r. Goldberg died at the time he was power to command them to express our

evils—the(peace) andevila certainwhich isevilbeing(war),dictatedbut twoto *-'cation.completingThe bodythisofmanuscriptthe work forhad publibeen thoughtsdreams. andM. C.emotions,J. our ideals and our

you as the price of being left in peace and the evil which will come if you decide to resist."From this premise Mr. Armstrong

builds a strong case, pointing out the incongruities of Chamberlain's activities in the light of his promises and his understanding of the situation.

Of particular worth to those who wish to know the actual history of the Czechcase is the last part of the book which gives CONFERENCE an accurate chronology of events from

February to October, 1938.—M. C. /.

ART, LIFE, AND NATURE IN JAPAN PEC Marshall Anesaki, (Masaharu Jones Outstanding values in L. D. S. Literature, general books, and highgrade 1938. Boston, 178 pages.Company,

$3.50.) merchandise are offered at the Deseret Book Company DURING CONFERONLY. ENCE this illustrated, book shouldBeautifully

Here in books: are a few of our exceptional Conference offers familiarize with Westerners do much to During

living. of Their the conception Japanese Regular Conference

lifedelightful balance and in making art AN INTRODUCTION TO THE STUDY OF THE BOOK OF of the about outgrowth them beautyan should be translatable into everyday planMORMON, J. M. Sjodahl.... $ 3.50 $ 1.00

ning regardless of where one lives. This is a remarkable Bargain.

Naturally, into the book is woven much ENCYCLOPEDIA OF ALL RELIGIONS 3.75 1.00

island the historyof of this kingdom. An

of the should readingunbiased book do MESSAGEMON, JohnAND HenryCHARACTERSEvans OF THE BOOK OF MOR- 6.00 1.00 in understand helping Westernersmuch

the Oriental mind. M. C. J. LIFE OF J. GOLDEN KIMBALL. 2.50 1.49

Combination Offer GOLDEN HOOFS Life of Brigham Young (William Cary Duncan, illustrated, Life of J. Golden Kimball—Both 2.50

J. B. Lippincott, Philadelphia, 1938. COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY—Roberts, 6 Volumes 30.00 25.00

159 pages. $2.50.)

10.00 HISTORY, 7 Volumes.- 17.50 is DOCUMENTARY true story of a remarkable mareThis

.79 1.25 SUNDAY THE TRUE SABBATH will the kind of allfamily book that

afford many pleasant fireside chats after THE VOICE OF THE INTANGIBLE 2.00 1.47

it has completed. been The strangest feaTHE GREAT MIGRATION... 5.00 2.69 thistures of achievements Goldsmith Maid's

are that she was never broken to harness THE MAJESTY OF CALMNESS—Jordan.60.35

until she was six years old and that she made four World's records at the age of ANCIENT APOSTLES—McKay 1.25.79

seventeen, which the author assures us in a APOSTLES OF JESUS CHRIST—Anderson 1.25.79

comparison with human beings would be the same as if Helen Wills Moody, for WHAT JESUS TAUGHT—Widtsoe 1.25.79

instance, should reach the peak of her OUR CHURCH AND PEOPLE—Evans 1.25.79

tennis achievements when she was well NEW—THEIR GALA DAYS, Written in Defense of the Morover fifty.—M. C. /. mons, Lavon H. Cluff 2.50

mailed. Also add 2% for Utah Sales Tax for all purchases in Utah. Add $1.00 for mailing

sets of History.MORE SILVER PENNIES onThese prices are all cash and carry. Add 10% to the special price if the books are to be Church

(Compiled by Blanche Jennings Thompson,

Illustrated. Macmillan Company, New When you come to Conference, visit the Deseret Book Company, and see the

York, 1938. 133 pages. $1.25.) many Books, Gifts and other attractive items offered for sale. We carry the

'T'o THOSE who were fortunate enough to largest stock of Books in the Intermountain region.

* have read and loved Silver Pennies, this second compilation of children's poems will prove most the welcome. From lightly DESERET BOOK COMPANY the fancifulhumorous and to the seriously 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utahpurposeful, the satisfy the poems various

sides of the child's—and the adult's—nature,

jdijt&uat

SfduunoL looksu ov&h. ihsL ivalL

explosive may make available precious minCcientists have too often been inclined to build a A new wall around themselves and their work. erals, or destroy human beings in a bloody warfare.

The discoverer of the explosive and his colleagues

The majority of them have held themselves aloof must take a hand in compelling its use for peaceful from the common affairs of humankind. To adpurposes only.

vance the boundaries of knowledge has been

This point of view, long held by the educated, enougfh for them. Indeed, scientists as a group,

with of course many noble exceptions, have looked thoughtful public, is now being adopted by the with near disdain upon attempts to make their disscientific fraternity. At the latest meeting of the

coveries useful in the practical arts of mankind. American Association of the Advancement of

Applied science has had a proletarian sound. Science (last Christmas week), the moral and

civic responsibilities of scientists were stressed in

There has been the inclination also to exclude two epochmaking addresses.

certain fields of study from the scientific stockade;

the social sciences, which fought their way into Sir Richard Gregory, competent scientist, former the distinguished company, are even today eyed editor of Nature, and representative of British with suspicion. Their methods of approaching science at the convention, rebuked the world of

truth were different, hence they could not be of the science for its habit of discovering truth and doing ancient, royal lineage. To allow ethics, and espenothing more about it. Further, he insisted that

cially religion, scats in the sacred halls of science the moral and ethical worlds must be the concern seemed not only impossible, but a defilement of the of science, and that the social implications of science holy places. must be recognized. "Science cannot be divorced

from ethics.""It is their duty [of scientists] to

Naturally, as every unfettered thinker could preassist in the establishment of a rational, harmonious dict, science, which after all is only manmade, has order out of the welter of human conflict."These

gradually broken down these earlier limitations. were thoughts and words which a few years ago

It has looked over the wall, and seen in the dismight have cost a man his scientific reputation.

tance a world of possibilities for the truthseeker, fully as inviting, though often more difficult of inDr. George D. Birkhoff, president of the Assovasion, than mathematics, astronomy, physics, ciation, worldfamous discoverer and thinker in

chemistry, and the biological sciences later admathematics and related fields, was equally outmitted. To its astonishment it has found that all spoken. In his address, "Intuition, Reason, and

divisions of science, that is, of truth, are but maniFaith in Science,"he declared that there must be festations of one basic condition of nature. The a religious attitude towards the problems of manunity of the universe has compelled recognition. kind, in science and society, as in the church.

kind of knowledge, to give one no right Man has another. over The law of evolution has had its way with science. such as science, precedence The

Befuddled by its early, unexpected wealth of ordomains of love and good will must not be set aside derly phenomena, it set out to explain all natural by science if the world shall progress harmoniously.

manifestations in terms of matter and energy. InFaith, often spurned by science, is as important as

telligence, as a universal force, was set aside. intuition and reason. Scientific discoveries are in

Science then entered upon its mad career of mathe nature of revelation. Science must help explain

terialism, which it would now forget. Increasing man's role in the existing order, for man "feels an

knowledge laid low the ugly material demon which inalienable right to find out his duties and priviwas taught as certain truth to several decades of leges as a citizen of the universe.""Newton and

students. The leaders of scientific thought have others have found confirmation, even for their renow, for a number of years, declared that the ligious beliefs, in the lawful character of physical

variety of experiences in the domain of nature need phenomena."He even speaks of a Higher Intellimore than matter and force for their interpretation. gence which could infer, directly, that which man

It is becoming fashionable to speak of a purposeful gathers through the laborious method of experi-

'universe, or of the universe as a great thought. mentation. *

It need not be said that there can be no purpose without an intelligence; nor a thought without a In effect, both speakers urged that ethics, morthinker. ality, and religion be recognized as natural parts of

the scientific program for the advancement of

Even yet, however, science has been loath to truth.

take a part in determining how its discoveries shall be used. It has refused responsibility for the conIt was a foregone conclusion that science, essensequences of its work. That can no longer be done. tially a search for truth, would in time acclaim such

The scientist of today who makes discoveries, and views. It must cast off error as new truth appears,

shows their possible application to human affairs, even as it disowned the rusty shackles of materialfinds himself under the responsibility of helping to ism. Selfrighteousness has no place among lovers

determine how they shall be used. Every human of truth. More and more, as it looks over the wall,

possession, must be employed for human welfare. science will enter the spiritual A. W. field.—J.

DIVISION OF UTAH STAKE February 6, 1939. counselors, and Willard Rogers, clerk,

CREATES PROVO STAKE Harold A. Lambert was named to succeed Bishop Gordon T. Hyde, and

succeed Burt his A. Hughes, has counselors, Patrick who Will Levi and First, Fifth, of the Bonfive for served years as the of bishop clerk. Wright, and Archibald McNeill,

neville, and the wards, Manavu/Comprised Hillcrest Stake. Grant Harold Bishop Ward, nine served had years. Hyde of StakeProvo organized Zion was C. Larsen L. and Wendell Meacham Third Eighth of and Lib19, The division of theFebruary a Wards by Utah succeed B. and Mather Walter John erty Stake, the observed anni90th includesStake, the which Second, now counselors. Inkley as

Third, Sixth, and Pioneer wards. versary of their organization.

Charles E. Rowan, Jr., former presiSunday, February 12, 1939. The Greenville Ward, Beaver Stake,

dent of the Texas Mission, was named The Clinton Ward, Weber Stake, was reorganized and James Williams to preside over the new Provo Stake, was reorganized with David A. Johnwas sustained as Bishop.

with Bishop Andrew Jensen of the son as Bishop.

Bonneville Ward, and Antone K. RomZION EASTER PAGEANT

ney of the Provo Seminary, as counFebruary 19, 1939. TO BE REPEATED

selors. Amos N. Merrill, senior mem- A new bishopric was appointed to The Zion Easter Pageant, which has

ber of the high council, was sustained preside over the Ensign Ward, Ensign grown to be an annual and inas patriarch. Members of the high Stake: Waldo M. Andersen with Walcreasingly significant performance of

council are: J. Elmer Jacobsen, Wilter J. Eldredge and Kenneth Bennion, (Concluded on page 252)

liam H. Callahan, Fred G. Warnick,

Henry Stagg, W. O. Facer, Franklin

Madsen, Dr. L. L. Cullimore, and Willard Hawkins. John E. Hayes was appointed stake clerk.

With the division, President Thomas N. Taylor, Dr. Christen Jensen, and

W. Monroe Paxman of the old Utah

Stake presidency were released along with the members of the high council.

New leaders of the Utah Stake are

Bishop Royal J. Murdock of the

Fourth Ward, president, with Dean

Harold R. Clark of the Brigham Young

University, and Bishop Leon Newren of the Pioneer Ward as counselors.

President Taylor who has presided over the Utah Stake for more than nineteen years, was sustained as patriarch, and the following were appointed to the high council: Dr. Weston Oaks,

I. E. Brockbank, Ole E. Olsen, Lester

R. Taylor, J. F. Mower, Theodore T.

Taylor, Benjamin H. Knudsen, and M.

N. Morton. J. P. McGuire was named

stake clerk. MISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

The reorganization was effected by Left to right, firstARRIVEDrow: ClarenceFEBRUARYB. D.13.Brown,1939—DEPARTEDBennett J. Rasmussen,FEBRUARYLester 23,W. Jones,1939 Jr., Elden J. Larson,

Colvin, Clark, Opal Afton Riding, Elmer Leavitt, Andreasen, S. Stanley Herman A. Anderson. Arthur FieldingElder Joseph of the Smith

row: Second President B. Colton, Bennion, 0. Woodruff, Don Christensen, Marjorie Samuel Vera Ned W. of theCouncil assisted Twelve, by Coombs, Ernest Deans, Dabb, Annie Orchard, Afton Lester Mineer.

Apostle Sylvester Q. Cannon. Earl Kendell,Third row:GeorgeFarrellAlmaNelson,Piatt, FayDee Cornia.F. Reber, Gael Campbell, Dale King, LaVon Jones, Madeline Staples,

F. Zundel, Bryant Foster Barrus, C. Behrman, Harry Randall. SmithOSCAR A. KIRKHAM Eldon FifthFourth row: Clyde R. Hansen, Farrell A. Massey, Harold Nephi Judd, Orson T. Casper, Paul Mark Morris, Boyer, row: Fred Rex E. Hymas, Hoyt, Hal Bradshaw, Von F.VISITS HAWAII Spencer Garner, Eugene Barker, Jacob Kellersherger. Gladen G. Dalton, Leo Reeve, Elden

Sixth row: LeRoy Pia, H. Desse Hunsaker, Mark Webster, J. Blaine Cook, Frank V. Nelson, Clyde A.

invitation Yorgason, J. Gayle Christianson, L. of Shirts. President the Woodrow Max Ralph Stanford,At

Keller, Lional row: Seventh Douglas Davis, Bangerter, James Grant Elmo Elison, Karl George Buchmiller, W.** E. of the Woolley Oahu Stake, Elias Phillips, Herman Felt, P. Smith, William Lynn. Lawrence Hardy

Oscar A. Kirkham, deputy regional Eighth row: Kimball Vance, Clyde Hunter Armstrong.

Scout executive and Executive SecreMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME tary of the Y. M. M. I. A., recently ARRIVED MARCH 6, 1939—DEPARTEJD MARCH 16, 1939

right, Left first Bird, to row: E. Lovingston, Henry D. Van Astle, Zara Sabin, L. Bertha Ida D. Westerman, inspent several in weeks Hawaii the Julia Beryl Norton, Kunzler, E. Morris, LeGrand LaGrand Adamson.

interest in the of Scouting there. Church row: B. Second Colton, Don Charles Haws, F. Little, Lyman Mildred W. Page, Thomas, Mae Ha

Lyle Seamons, Lionel Hatch, Mary G. Simmons. visitedElder Loveland, several Kirkham of the

Forrest row: Hirschi, Blaine Third Bennion, Stephen Smith, Vernona Mendenhall, Edith Chadwick, Evaislands before his return I. 21. Merkley, George on March Summers, Meyden, John van der C. Southgate. Norman

Earl row: F. Fourth Pearson, Heggie, Julia Bruce John M. Phyllis Knudsen, Drury, Corbett, J. Udy, Mark Honolulu CouncilThe is included

B. B. Grant, Claridge. in Jr., John Alf

Region 1 2 of Scouting, which embraces Fifth row: R. Haven Burningham, Saurey, Seth Dean K. Carlston, Call, John M. William Taylor, Claude P.

Burton, L. J. Clawson Tingey. Edwin Casady, Bowman, Ralph C. Stateswestern United and which Elder

Albert P. Sixth row: George Brain, Kuhn, George Jr., Wayne Richardson, Richard E. Garbett, Jack I,

officially representsKirkham as execCarlson, Gillespie. Wilde, Ririe, Delwyn Robert D. C. Howard W.

Stirl row: Auger, L. Bernon J. Fred Empey, Ahlander, George W. Mason, Fred E. Hanks, Eldon A.utive. Mrs. Kirkham accompanied her Peterson,Seventh F. Royall, Paul Larson, Clinton Foster Johnson. Havey Roy

trip.husband on this Eighth Dorvell Vickers, L. F. Thorley, row: Richard C. Madsen. Grant

.

ass:--Jts

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

BIG THINE AND MINE NONE By Alberta Huish Christensen By Laura Gray By Alberta Huish Christensen

big, b'cause getting I know; lollipop before lunch,"your step her quickened Martin's on Mary *tNo I'mI all tiptoed, highup, myself That's say, they what school, as from she remembered way

shelf. get cookies a some on it, take "Just at To look a little silk she'd the dainty handkerchief little pink

I hurted today An'me it right when put And away."the for at party afternoon a prize a won

I didn't cry. before.

eat Didn't a bit. bit, single cry Didn't a it—not seven, of a younger member was Mary sucked Only sucked and on it! there even on it! An'blood was

family, party something and a large a was to be remembered for life.

her to called big brother < Hello, she Jim,"off starting his bicycle. on was who "I.--xu

the couldn't beto picnic thought go /> you tJtjl/IWl tire."bicycle a your cause needed new 'ilJlJlJv'

I it did, took but from Joan's. one "So A tkh *W '*'%***** herself can't anything; helped she say She AtJlJw'V at school."to pants, kept has them and my J[f/C

off. speeded He *-* Golde

on, of she'd glad thought a 'danced Mary *** 0f*f darling for her handkergood hidingplace for in this family could chief, one never be Mf il/l/ *wfy sure that any of his personal belongings Glory were safe. If one of the boys or girls

wanted a clean handkerchief, or vest, or stockings and had none of his own handy, he just took his brother's or sister's. Shoes, Milk books, treasures were all common property.

Indoors, Mary sped to her bedroom—it was hers and Joan's—and lifted the corner

this mattress. a thought She'd of m her won- M |A 0% the hidingplace; handkerchief derful but I BmI S MI f 1 9 K

to she havas gone! was Accustomed was I I IdP I III WMUam lip quivtaken, treasures her Mary's ing.* * *f* **f J sight. tears This blurred her ered, one 9 f/&t<{HtfW$l/& precious. lS*w%fWlHSvirfy handkerchief was

She opened the bureau drawer and rum- B FOR DRINKING & BAKING maged in a mass of things belonging to three for DESSERTMAKING there the family. of somefour or Wasn't wjfh aowd m get take, thing could she even turn—to m for dririing and bar choco- ||PJ COCOa

purse! s beaded Nancy somehow? Nancy d |T late for cooking and baking when

E be angry, but that couldn t be helped. Mary Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate

pocketed the purse, shut the drawer with a does it aU? h is everything you

need in cocoa and chocolate.. The "whole family benefits Auntypush andJess wascalled goingfrom herdownstairsroom. when S everythingin-one!

when everyone drinks milk. Mary went gladly; Aunty Jess was a good

It is Nature's most perfect pleasanterfriend and thiswhenmotherlessAunty washome there.was muchOf mmcsammamKmmm

food and it is one of the course there was always Mrs. Bounce, the

cheapest you buy. So drink housekeeper."Look, Mary,"Aunt Jess opened a botWjISJi!

milk! both It keeps pretty young found handyour tom drawer. "We ) I '<3 6HIRARDFIWnlRMIvWCLIil this mattress, morning. under your SHlEiSBl well, feeling and old and kerchief

'* /****** it '"'C to told us hidden keep you'd Bobby Wee looking well! For the best anyone from using it. It's safe here, and WiS#\\. ''

else anything you want to keep you may - SUtoo."here, put

Call Hy. 15 "Oh, thank you,"Mary fondled the prize keep.Ms d**. secre, BE INDEPENDENT Or sheWput Nancy s purse back and told Nancy No Other Vocation So Profitable

the the hidingplace, soon and whole wnwNOW treasto trooped family with Aunty's room Ask Your Grocer about at the It ures. as looked if poor be For o Complete Course Aunty would

For This Fine Milk to surprised was oneway Mary Xt see Q|jiSh'SCllOOl Of BBdUtV GllItUTB for bureau with each a one drawer new "th Best Wesl The child, in Jess'room. This besoon Aunt Salt Producers'Milk Lake Ass'n V

Bldg., S. 336340 sort Main, American of sanctuary, quickly a came appre- \.

all, < CITY UTAH of Vq, thought ever LAKE dated one SALT and no by e I. the School Attend A.... v Cooking M. taking anything another's from drawer. Information Further For UVs *x.

""--... 13th April Lincoln At House to Children respect brought Ward one anup Call Catalog or "n

* "--.., other's.. property pretty are to sure grow or 7560 is q. Milk used Glory being Wasatch Golden N

""---... ""-... "7->\, into respect and the men propwomen who This Fill in the school cooking by v erty others; of those but don't underwho Coupon > s \f in stand difference the childhood between

mine and thine run a risk. It's but a step

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

from taking a sister's bicycle tire because -—becauseyou need it,youto takingneed yourit. And,brother'sof course,money

there would be no security in life for anyone if all lived in this way. With the understanding of ownership, however, children need to be taught also to be generous

and willing lenders. The ideal attitude is

the outgrowth of a gradual developmentwhich takes much time and patience, but GfauS.

becomes endlessly worth while. (Issued

by the National Kindergarten Association.) will be THRIFTY, DELICIOUS and

NOURISHING meals if you ask your grocer for GLOBE "A-l"Macaroni,

Spaghetti and Noodles! Taste the

fine, rich flavor of these 100% Semolina products—-made (H&hSLdu <Hl)W—roundings, from choice in spotlessDURUMsuris no longer comwheat! Hiho—spring

ing—it is here—and from bonnets

to shoes, (which of course, she purchased at Z. C. M. I.) milady wanders far afield to partake of the

particular vigor of the spring days.

But naturally she will want that coiffure under these perky styles of hats to be the last word in perfection. Our advice is that she SSS&

take down the telephone and call for an appointment. If you live in or

near Provo, call the Provo School of Beauty Culture; if Ogden is your

habitat, the Ogden School of Beauty Culture will serve you; and if

you call Salt Lake City home, by all means try the Quish School of

Beauty Culture.

Of course, you will wonder what you are to do for dinner on these days when you want to feel as free as the air. If you live near Salt

Lake, you must be sure to attend the cooking schools that are being conducted by Barbara Badger Burnett. The next schools are scheduled monthly as follows: for Granite The plainest, simplest meal takes on a party

Stake, Lincoln Ward, Thursday, touch when you serve lots of piping hot, fluffy

April 13; Bonneville, Yale Ward, Globe "A-l"biscuits! And they're SO easy

Wednesday, May 17; Wells Stake, to make in a jiffy with readymixed Globe

Wells Ward, Thursday, June 15. "A-l"Biscuit Flour! Always keep a packAdmission is free from 2—4 and age handy on the shelf for quick, delicious

from 7:30—9 on these days, and biscuits and other good things!

valuable information is given by an expert home economist. The SHORT WAY To

And here's a suggested menu that once tried will be used again STRAWBERRY SHORTCAKE and again: Strawberries are coming in—and

your menfolks will be eager for a

For Spring Luncheons cake—withreal oldfashioneda rich strawberrybiscuit crustshortand

Tuna Fish and Asparagus plenty of luscious crushed berriesl

So just follow the quick, easy recipe in Bread Cases on the back of the Globe Biscuit Flour

Stuffed Grapefruit Salad packageshortcake foryou theevergrandest,made! easiest

Orange Biscuit Zwieback Cream Pudding GLOBE Al

Cocoanut Chocolate Cookies BISCUIT FLOUR

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

AGRICULTURE-A FOUNDATION OF WELFARE

(Continued from page 207) pation. In spite of this, one of the the quality of the commodity had to

provide access to good soils, or greatest dangers to agriculture is meet the most exacting competition otherwise supplement this lack. that too many of our brilliant young on eastern markets. Our people,

Theodore Roosevelt clearly saw men are leaving the farm to seek forschooled in the cooperative settlethe vital importance of agriculture tunes in the city because they feel ment of the West, are well suited to to human welfare. He said: that the farm does not offer adethis type of cooperation, on the one quate opportunities. Utah alone hand, while the exacting and special

rests at bottom on the Our civilization attractiveness, the lost by emigration 43,000 inhabitrequirements of the market offer a and thewholesomeness, completeness, as well as the prosperity, of ants in the decade 19201930. Any problem worthy of our most capable

life in the country.... Upon the decommunity that wishes to maintain sons, who might otherwise leave the

velopment of country life rests ultimately the stability of its agriculture, should state. Doubtless there are many

requirability, of farmingour by methods to attempt to make its farming suffisuch specialties which await develintelligence highest to continue theing feed and clothe the hungry nations; to ciently profitable to retain these capopment in every agricultural secsupply the city with fresh blood, clean able young men on the farms. tion. These may help to stabilize

bodies, and clear brains that can endure farming and to make it a more inlife; terrific strainthe of modern we need Former Disadvantages of teresting occupation for capable counin the of openthe development men

try, who will be in the future, as in the past, Agriculture Removed young people.

of strengththe stay and Commission.) LifepQrt Country of the the nation. (/?e- Tn the old days one of the great Diversification Important in

trials of country life was its isoAgriculture

President Joseph F. Smith said: lation. This condition no longer

I believe there is no labor on earth more holds. With the rural free delivery HPhe greatest stability in agriculture

essential to the wellbeing of a community of mail, with the automobile and a calls for a diversification in farmthe labor than which honorableor more good network of is widespread single roads, ing. is not crop system The

to food from mothernecessary produce especially and with the telephone, likely profitable. permanently to be is Itearth. noble occupaof the most one

tions. And next to it is the tending of the with the radio, no person who lives It is subject to too many hazards of

flocks of sheep and cattle. This is another away from the centers needs to feel climate and price fluctuation. With

carried if it is only occupation,noble with affairs. of touch out on himself diversity of commodities, It a however,

righteously. are theproperly These and abreast of is possible to keep fully of the is not change price of one crop prosperity of the of everyfoundation community in the world. When the farming the modern world and to be benedisastrous. Livestock on the farm

community is prosperous, when the Lord fited by its finest culture. adds a stabilizing influence. With

it fruitful, thenblesses the earth and makes the government and The federal fertility livestock farming, the of the carpenter, those the andthe blacksmith, publishing so states are much various is there land is preserved an and will pursuits, also other follow bewho to the farmer, and of use information to utilize opportunity coarser theprosperous. and

there is so much advice through exless marketable products of the farm

Health and Other Benefits of perts that can be had free, that the which otherwise might not be saleAgriculture farmer, by spending practically no able. The tending of the stock gives

inthoroughly keep can money, distribution of even a more farm 'T'hose who> till the soil, because of of agriculspecialty any formed on labor than can farms be obtained on their opportunity to be in the outture. This information is particuwhere no stock is raised.

ofdoors and to'receive the benefits larly useful in the following: marThe little country of Denmark is

of fresh air, sunshine, and good keting through cooperation and efan outstanding example of a nation wholesome work, are likely to have fective sales organizations; estabof great stability because of the ingood health. Certainly, the medical lishing a more stable type of farmtroduction of dairying and similar

bills are less than those necessary for ing based on the diversification of stock enterprises on the farm. It is

people subjected to the hustle and mixed farming with livestock: conow one of the most secure nations

bustle of the industrial world. The ordinating of industry with agriculof the world. Denmark has shown

regularity of habits and the lack of ture in agricultural industries; and all the other nations some of the

worry all promote a life that is free using irrigation water carefully, for benefits of livestock production, comfrom nervous diseases. This is rewater is the basis of most of our bined with a strict maintenance of

flected in the fact that the average western agricultural wealth. the quality of the products, which

length of life in the country is conare marketed through an able and siderably above that in the city. Cooperative Enterprises effective cooperative marketing orModern agriculture calls for a Encouraged ganization.

high degree of intelligence. Those

who must succeed must think in 'T'he recently established cooperNew Crops and New Industriesterms of the modern farmmanage- ative poultry industry has inment point of view. The best farmcreased the prosperity of Utah farmThe agricultural committees of the

ers are not merely cogs in a machine, ers and those of surrounding states. Church Welfare program are

and they are not entirely the victims (See The Improvement Era, March, particularly anxious to aid in the of the caprices of the weather. In 1939.) It now brings millions of establishment of new industries and

scientifically tilling the land, in keepdollars yearly to the farmers of the the promotion of more profitable ing track of the various operations intermountain area which would not methods in existing industries. The

of the farm in order to eliminate the have come to us if the industry had introduction of a new crop, or proless profitable phases, and in watchnot been established. The industry motion of a new factory which utiling market trends, the farmer finds could not have been established izes agricultural commodities often

a very interesting and varied occuwithout cooperative effort in which (Continued on page 245) 4-H CLUB BOYRUNS MANSIZE FARM

II

mmmmmmm IHwi

ductu,n --- Hryere th 1 f >t gainingare m[Mtoyof*i\f&qwMJJ America actllUies k encourage #mf farming. Teachml

Zd recently ltworkis.Heohayed U.CTAnd

''.:.:..:

becri /or Sa/eW f *g* REp0RTER us 4.H ff.fjAJ;*

ALVIN Cheyne, a farm boy born and raised, was made ready for big \. responsibility young by 4-H Club work. Just turned 12 he raised a

registered Hereford heifer and entered it in the County Fair.

"My next two 4-H years I did Handicraft work—then went back to

cattle,"Alvin told me. "At the first Klamath County Junior Livestock

and Baby Beef Show, in 1936, I entered a Shorthorn and an Aberdeen

Angus. They placed first and third, showed me a nice premium.

"At the 1937 Show a Shorthorn which cost me $55 to raise placed first in his class.When Safeway bid him in at 23$ a pound I cleared $139.81.

Safeway also took my Angus, which got a third, at 19$ a pound. And another entry of mine, a Hereford that placed fifth, brought a good premium.

"In San Francisco where I attended the last Junior Interstate Show,

I noticed Safeway bought heavily. [Note: 179 animals—27% of the gross

cattle sales, 21% of the lamb sales.] And in both '36 and '37 Safeway was Mrs. Cheyne is proud of the way

the largest purchaser at our Klamath Falls Junior Livestock Show. In '37, her son, Alvin, has taken hold of

for instance, 38% of the gross cattle sales were made to Safeway. the ranch. Herself a capable me—"Safeway "Of course, the Safeway people are good friends to us farmers in more manager, she told

ways than one. I know they move food more directly. Mother's records takes some of our apples, strawprove how that benefits us. Safeway pays the market price or more for berries, potatoes, eggs and other

insist they things. on Alwayseverything we sell them—and also saves us money at the store."price market quality and pay the

The Safeway Farm Reporter or more to get it'

CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; MELVIN J. BALLARD, JOHN A. WIDTSOE, AND JOSEPH F. MERRILL

CONCERNING REPORTS what the quorum does for its members and what it does for the Church. ANTILIQUOR-TOBACCO

all to the attention of commend\k7z to invaluable reports are Such quoCOLUMN the have anything to do with * "who furnish presidents. In fact, they rum

making of reports the following article the outline of quorum procedure. The

Reports, Valueon and Need The of the presidencies quorum who utilize WHO SAYS NAY? Richards.written Elder Stephen by L in their reports the basis of discussion as

He writes from the abundance of his council meetings and in the planning of Pan the first objective of the campaign experience and therefore writes contheir work will discover that their probe reached—a copy of each bookvincingly, as he usually does. grams will always have a pointed and let in every home?

definite objective. The reports may Pioneer Stake with 2,157 families reThe Need and Value of Reports also be used by quorum presidencies plies with an emphatic Yes. Last June

in their visitation to quorum members. there was delivered to the stake chairReports are indispensable to any orThe questions set forth in the reports man, a modest but dependable, energetic

ganized movement. They determine will furnish a comprehensive and yet man, 10% as many copies of "Alcohol

the direction and rate of progress particularized basis for interviewing Talks to Youth"as there were people in other words, where we are going and all quorum members and they will also of record in his stake. These were dishow fast. Accurate accounting and furnish a very desirable approach to tributed and paid for.

all business toreports are fundamental especially these to those members, who blank the order of January When business, the the bigger thesuccess and indifferent. are inactive and When filled in 18 soon was received, it was

necessarymore realize that members and comprehensive quorum come to asking, returned, other and among the reports.must be as systematically reports are rendered things, additional of copies that 1,500

The Priesthood of the Church, with to the personal status of the members, the alcohol booklet be sent. The indiall its quorums and activities, is a big they are very apt to take far keener cations are that Pioneer Stake will

business. Its organization "heads up"interest in the items that make up the reach the objective before the end of

in the General Authorities of the report. They will thus be the benespring. Pioneer is one of the poorest

Church. In the last analysis, they are ficiaries of the report system, which, stakes, financially, per capita, but one

responsible for its program and its proafter all, is its final goal. of the richest spiritually in the Church.

gress. There is no way in which the There are similar indications in

leaders can accurately estimate either A GOOD EXAMPLE TO many other stakes at the time this is the value of the programs or the rate of FOLLOW written (March 6th). Yes, it can be

ofprogress through the except medium done. Organization, energy, system, recent Falls Idaho North the Atreliable ofreports. intermediate All the will readily and cooperation turn "atthe of Conference most one presidents, quobishops, nay. says There is noneficers—stake who tractive numbers rendered a trick. by was likewise dependentrum presidents—are consisting Priesthood chorus of memintelligent reports for conanupon IS ON! CAMPAIGN THE their bers wives. brethren These and status the theception of of and quorums

their members. It is as futile to maintain and sisters fought their way through '"Phere come from the field many rean efficient administration of quorums the snow for fifty miles from Hamer ports of great interest being aroused

without accurate reports as it is for any Branch to Idaho Falls where the conin the campaign to acquaint our people business organization to conduct its ference was held. with the reasons why liquor and toaffairs without proper accounting. When the Priesthood bearers and bacco are not good for man.

their unitedly Priestthe support wives in living are age. a questioning We since business of the quorums Now, the Priestprogram, of the cause hood particularly youth ask, The This why?is individual the welfare to conserve

It will prosper. well be hood would is attitude of demind encouraged and theirof the genmembers and promote

find for other Priesthood to quorums all in their this veloped schools. Anderal reports of the the Church, good similar activities in Priestthe which is it of the that one reasons make these coverprovided major must two unite. their wives hood and may for important a of the of copy eachaspects. set of questions must One

three to booklets be in every homerelate to the items permeasure which PRIESTHOOD BIG CONFERENCE, STAKE, HORN of our an objective campaign. FEBRUARY WYOMING, of COWLEY,sonal welfare, 12, 1939, ATTENDas the such Word

Wisdom, payment of tithes and offerANCEED, WASAT ONEWHICH,OF THESTAKEHIGHESTMEMBERSHIPRECORDSCONSIDERIN THE Knowing the contents of these bookings, participation in meetings and CHURCH. lets will enable every parent and every

Church service, health and financial status, and knowledge of and disposition toward God's work. The other

set of questions will be calculated to measure the contribution of quorums and their members to Church service in the establishment of the Kingdom of

God. They would include such items

as project work to give temporal assistance, temple work, ward teaching, missionary work, and auxiliary service.

Thus information is acquired as to

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

believer in the Word of Wisdom to groups that tamper with liquor and tosuch project, now well under way, is give intelligent answers to every quesbacco, to organize a boycott against the Welfare Center at Los Angeles that tioner. Thus the membership of the such groups? Certainly the socalled is directed by the Pasadena and Hollyentire Church will be able to defend advantages of membership in such wood Stakes, but which is being supthemselves to the admiration of nongroups can never compensate an L. D. ported and sustained by the three other

members. Can anyone foresee the ex- S. boy or girl for the losses suffered by stakes of the Southern California retent of the beneficent influence for learning in them to indulge in the use gion—Los Angeles, Long Beach, and

temperance this widespread knowledge of liquor and tobacco. Moral and spirSan Bernardino.

will have? itual integrity are gems incomparably In many ways the Welfare Center

Let us be "warned and forewarned"more valuable than membership in any is similar to the Deseret Industries in of "evils and designs"which certainly social group. Do not L. D. S. parents Salt Lake City. It is now well estab-

"exist in the hearts of conspiring men."take this view? What are they doing lished in a new location at 1 1 6 Lewellyn

about it? Street, Los Angeles. Members of the

LIQUOR CONTROL IN FILL- (Read also "Tobacco and Good Church in the five Southern California

MORE CITY, UTAH Manners,"page 212.) Stakes and their friends are making

regular contributions of good used

A."\T7e are informed James by Mayor furniture, clothing, radios, shoes, and

State of Fillmore that the * * Kelley articles things. other are reconThese

Liquor Store of that city is closed at QUORUM PROJECTS ditioned and made over into attractive, 7 p. m. each day and is not open on usable articles, and are distributed upon

Sunday. This was arranged by request bishops'orders to those in need or are

of the City Council with the State

Board.Liquor Juarez Reports Project soldrecentlyto themadepublic.a largeThisshipmentWelfareof centerclothstreet is in the allowed person No ing to the shoes General and Committee recent During a in Conference Juarez liquor. is influence the of underwho in Salt distribution for to wards Lake Stake a very worthy and commendable or the bootlegging prohibiting lawThe in stakes and and Idaho. Utah Priesthood project quorum rewas

gift person, liquor of sale to or any visits this one Welfare It ported. When has the been practice the of

is strictly enforced. youth,adult or effiis the impressed with he Center Priests'all to High exquorum pay liquor for of have the purchasePermits the the of ciency management, good its penses incurred indigent by memincluding: persons, takenbeen from spirit that prevails the workers, among result bers as of a sickness or death and

1. Those who drink to excess. burial. The report of this conference and the order and system with which

2. Those whose drinking is considered stated that the expenses, amounting to the commodities are handled. Among

public, the as driving to suchdangerous departments other are shoe operated several dollars, hundred paid had been liquor. influence the of underwhen reclothes rebuilding and repairing; the in by quorum connection the with the deprives drinking 3. Those whose pairing, a remodeling and pressing; recent death burial its and of of one life. necessities of of thefamily

4. Those who buy or furnish liquor to members. radio shop and a furniture renovating

another person. division; and sewing center.

5. Those who allow another person to The Southern California The machinery in the shoe departuse his or her permit. Welfare Center ment is modern and was supplied by

a Priesthood quorum as a project. SevSome twentynine permits have been In Southern California Priesthood eral hundred pair of shoes have been

cancelled in Fillmore City for the above quorums are cooperating with Church rebuilt and distributed; more hundreds

reasons. Welfare leadership to inaugurate and of pairs are ready for use and there is

He reports excellent support and codevelop worthwhile projects. One (Continued on page 232)

operation from the Liquor Control

Board, local enforcement and the ofMONTHLY REPORT OF THE L. D. S. STAKE MISSIONSficers, Fairbanks and Ruland Verne

Pendleton. Made by The First Council Forof thethe Seventymonth ofto January,The Council1939 of the Twelve Apostles These officers may know monthly

all persons with permits who buy in MISSIONARY ACTIVITIES 1939Jan. 1938Jan.

such quantities as indicate they pur- 1. Number of times out doing missionary work 9,313 8,908

chase in excess of personal use. 2.3. NumberHours spentof homesin missionaryentered forworkthe first time - 21,8169,669 25,77919,298

5. NumberLIQUOR AND TOBACCO IN 4. Number of invitations to return 7,809 8,782 6.STUDENT SOCIAL GROUPS 7. NumberNumber ofofof standardgospelrevisits conversationsChurch works distributed: Loaned Sold 16,7755,634 19,3215,551

Copies of the Bible 57 15 Tt is common rumor that many college CopiesCopies ofof thethe BookDoctrineof Mormonand Covenants 20446 16928 social groups, particularly fraternities Copies of the Pearl of Great Price 23 31 and sororities, are given to indulgence 8. Number ofTOTALother books(loaneddistributedand sold) 576571 960580in cigarettes and liquor. A recent story 9. Number oF tracts and pamphlets distributed 24,913 19,678

that came to our ears was to the effect 10.11. NumberNumber ofof hallcottagemeetingsmeetingsheldheldby bymissionariesmissionaries 310684 1,022322

that a mother learned that nearly all the 12. Number of missionaries who attended cottage and hall meetings 2,510 3,477

girls in the sorority of which her daugh13.14. NumberNumber ofof investigatorsbaptisms as presenta result atof cottagemissionaryand hallwork:meetings 3,069 3,375

ter was a member indulged in smoking. (1) Of people over 15 years of age 68

The reason commonly given for this in- (2) a.Of Bothpeopleof underwhose15parentsyears ofareage:members 48

of 15 b. yearsdulgence age 34 was that "the other girls

1 50 1 26 OthersTOTALundersmoke."inactive the of brought into activity.'. through stake missionary members Church!5. Number of

Most young people, like others, preservice during the month 477 695 fer to be in, rather than out of, style. NumberNumber ofof stakesstake missionsin the Churchorganized 126123 121117

But where morals and character are involved, no rightthinking Latterday Number of stakes reporting MISSIONARIES 105 104

Saint will compromise with evil. This Number of districts 388 384

cannot be done with profit, false views EldersSeventies 1,280275 1,275278 to the contrary notwithstandiner. Hiqh Priests 272 296

How would it do for L. D. S. mothWomen 360 290

ers, patrons of colleges having social TOTAL 2,238 2.139

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

(Continued from page 231) servance of the Word of Wisdom ritis pains in her neck and extending down a supply of shoes to be worked on that course of study: her arm, and she was obliged to spend

will keep the department busy for many Price, Utah, manyto easehoursthe pain.with Thishot packslast winterin an sheattempthas

months to come. January 31, 1939 not had even the slightest touch of any

The clothes pressing machine is a We have just completed our Priesthood such trouble. A year ago we used several

recent model and the operator, who has course of study for the past year with bottles of mineral oil. Last October I

been taken from relief and furnished your splendid book, the Word of Wisdom, bought a bottle of mineral oil for the fampermanent employment, does excellent as our text. I feel at this time that an exily medicine chest and observed that not

than the inch pression of appreciation top for from more one has splendid been yourwork.

date. to in order. used be would work guidthe center, under sewing The I I the of think courses various which I family refrained from and have is My the supervised expert, of byance an I in studied college school high and and the liquor, tea, coffee, of use tobacco, and officers of the PasadenaRelief Society sure that of one has influenced them no am strict and ourselves observconsidered we are enStakes, life I has. as Hollywood sure, toand who your work a am my ers of the since of but Wisdom, Word

it extent, like great influence very Relief has had the assisted andcouraged by it into your quite our has book hands came of other upon Priesthood members my stakes of officers other the ofSociety It revolutionized our eating us home. found

class. enthusisisters are region.the white These peeling large bread of part and a

I very careful work, know much how potatoes citour eating seldom are and doing theirastic away work, and about it thought, required study has and your on fruits rus green vegetables. and we that hasit Now excellent in the manner same to this part give us outstanding work, and have diet aladopted your recommended all in Relief the Societycharacterized I it for again thank so assure and you cent. feel most 100 per that confident We beginning.its the I operations from that appreciate the deeply you same. observe for marked improvement, we we to is remain, the always of Hoping one radio department The all have exceptionally been taksince well

most interesting. The mechanic in ing up this practice. During the winter a Yours very truly,

charge, who has also been taken from year ago, Mrs. Johnson had serious neuThos. J. Johnson

relief and given fulltime employment, is versatile in accomplishment. He not

only supplies the center with fine reconditioned radios, but he is also adept Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study for April, 1939 in repairing clocks, watches, and other Text: Priesthood and Church Welfare.

similar things. See also Historical Readings and Supplementary References

The project is selfsustaining. It has

helped a number of our brethren and sisters by giving them steady work. It LESSON X government to help us (See Historical 2, Readings, their fives the Nos. 5) from eliminatedhas Income and Distribution of Wealth industrial society us demakes IV. Our the of the evils of idleness and"curse (Chapter 10) pendent other upon eachdole."

capitalistic the of features the a. Specialization of division I. Desirable and

Portland Stake Reports systema. Efficiency in the creation of wealth b. laborLittle allowance for future reverses

c. alternative occupation b. High degree of specialization No the from removed Another stake to c. of individual in- V. obtain added security on the Encouragement How

is that of the Churchheadquarters farm itiative "doing things and going places"is the II. Undesirable features of the capitalistic a. Sideline enterprises ( See Historical

Portland Stake. This stake, also, system Readings, No. 6)

through the help of Priesthood quo- a. Founded on profit motive b. Improved quality of products

rums and the cooperation of the Relief b. Great inequalities of ownership and c. More efficient organization

Society, following the leadership of income d. Expansion

President M. L. Bean and his associ- c.d. UnemploymentExtreme poverty among lower VI. Thecity problem of added security in the

ates, has opened a storehouse and welclasses a. Odd jobs for the children

fare center. The Portland Bishops'III. How can desirable features of the b. Making the home serve for boardStorehouse is one of the neatest and system be retained, and yet a greater ers, renters

most attractive in the Church. In the equality in distribution of its products c. Careful study of individual situation

Welfare center, which occupies a part be achieved? and examination of own talents and

all possibilities of a. division Historical (See wealth among ReadEqual Relief building, the the storehouseof

ings, is 7, Nos. people no solution 8, 9) center set sewing hasSociety up a Skill d. in taxation progressive plan: and b. avocation an (See His- A better

is that as equally as good doing work torical ability to Readings, based pay No. on 10)

in other locations. Their work is done 1. A program to continue socialalmost entirely by and for those who ization of service institutions LESSON XII

in need. 2. Towardare a wider diffusion of The Need of Opportunity (Chapter 12) benefits furniture repair department is The

responsibility according c. Economic difference the job with between I. The willgetting soon rival under way and

ability to future alley""blind job a and the Salt Lake, andthose of Los Angeles, of StewConsecration and a. pressure of circumstance 1. Law The

Ogden. ardship (See Historical Read- b. The tragedy of capable people

Portland has also launched a project ings, No. 1) wasting their best efforts.

to manufacture box material. This 2. Opportunity for leadership (See c. We must learn to distinguish bethe direction Presof "theproject is under land Historical Readings, Nos. 2, 3, tween of promise""and

of desolation 4) the "land furnish- I. Stoddardident Elmer and is

ing regular employment to a number of 3. Greater economic security II. An important function of the Welfare

our brethren. IV.V. BenefitsUltimateothereliminationthan cashof incomeinheritance Plan"greenerto pastures"help the (See"marooned"Historicalto

estates and Readings, No. 1 1 COURSE OF WISDOMWORD the can quorum improve opporIII. How XI LESSON TANGIBLEPRAISED FOR tunities of fellow members of Selfhelp (Chapter 11) Power TheRESULTS a. for favorable environment Obtain

shift to inclined responsibility are every family and his member We letter from Carbon County A has II.I. rationalize inclined to our b. are morale Achieve improved through We** the gratiexpressing received been actions, to ourselves defend and improved welfare economic (See

tude of one family for the tangible rethrough selfjustification Historical Readings, No. 12)

sults derived from the study and obIII. We are looking more and more to the c. Point the way to less alert members

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.. APRIL, 1939

IV. Recognizing opportunities when they poor, and help them home; and let the enough to saw and split wood, or do

come poor give their obligations to repay some kind of outdoor labor, agree a. education Preparation through his arrival to chairmakers as their the at with have as soon some same

b. of locale Change let rushes, get chairs bottomed, and means; them and have and and they home social factors of health, stan- c. The

chairs. their of to the bottoming set the brethren to the help utmost themselves religious to dards, opportunities be

considered as well as material reability, and not be dependent on the If you cannot get that for them to do, turns rich. (From the 8th General Epistle procure some flags or rushes, and let

d. A guiding principle: greater securfrom the First Presidency, April 7, them make footmats and sell them,

ity better than promise of high 1851, Millennial Star 15:114.) but do not ask too high a price for

earnings Historical (See Read- 6. this dollars them; together not ask people a dollar Let go and or two do

ings, 13) No. in let for them, for each together, one the can say be and be made women their future V. and Youth

if flax, the as or two. thing market there an hour and such is such a And a. at opportunity Economic home

meagre a thing as a wheel with which to spin should get stocked with them, get some b. Detriment to self and home comit. That makes me think of a young willows and have willow baskets made,

munity when forced to seek elseBoston lady on a visit to the country. and you can scarcely stock the market

where She did not wish it known that she with them, for they wear out almost to assist youth c. Program must all as fast the In as they be made. to can countryfied, at but wanted be a was comprehensive one these spring brethren delicate, seeing have quite some sow and upon appear social spiritual include and 1. Must

... will she, broomcorn, said enjoy they of geese, me,"work- a flock "O dear development

2. Training and guidance "what are those, geese?"Some of our ing a little out of doors in the nice

women are inclined to say, "What do spring weather,... and then in the

you mean by a spinning wheel? What fall they can make brooms with the

HISTORICAL READINGS do you mean by a loom?"Such are corn. By pursuing this course a bishop

female loafers, who bring up their chilwill soon be able to say: "I have acSUPPLEMENTARY REFERdrenstoresininsteadidleness,of andmakingbuyit.starch(Brighamin the complishedand sisters awhomgood work;I had theto helpbrethrenare

ENCES FOR PRIESTHOOD Young, Journal of Discourses 7:46.) now in a condition to help themselves."

AND CHURCH WELFARE 7. We want men to labor in every (Brigham Young, from a sermon deLESSONS mechanical pursuit that they can; for I livered in the Old Tabernacle, Decem-

1. Were we to call for teams to go believe that the time will come when we ber 8, 1867.)

back to Jackson County, five thousand shall have to depend upon our own 11. We have gathered thousands

would be on hand. This, however, sources; and I pray the Lord so to hedge from many nations. By the aid of the

cannot be until the people are better up the way and shut down the gate, Almighty we have raised them out of organized in a temporal point of view, that we may be compelled to depend penury and miserable dependence and that all their temporal actions may upon our own manufacturing for the have taught them how to become point to the building up of the kingdom comforts of life. (Brigham Young, wealthy in possession, useful to themof God when no man will say that aught Journal of Discourses 7:67.) selves and their neighbors, good citihe possesses is his own, but holds it 8. Brother Wells has established a zens, and I trust, faithful Saints. ( Brigonly for the interest and good of the nail machinery, and God has blessed ham Young, Journal of Discourses 12:

whole community of the Saints, (Jourhim in the operation. He has intro195.)

nal of Discourses 10:228.) duced the nails into market, and he is 12. Thousands upon thousands of

2. I build walls, dig ditches, make now making them by the ton, and has the immigrants who annually flock to

bridges, and do a great amount and put them at twentyfive dollars per the shores of America, though not of variety of labor that is of but little hundred. ( Brigham Young, Journal of the wealthy classes, have means where-

: 28. with to come and subsist until theyconsequence, only to provide ways and Discourses 9

means for sustaining and preserving the 9. To the ladies of the Relief Sofind channels of profitable occupation.

destitute. I annually expend hundreds cieties: These organizations had acBut the Perpetual Emigration Fund is

and thousands of dollars almost solely complished a good work in relieving designed to deliver the honest poor, to furnish employment to those in want and sustaining the poor, and it was the pauper, if you please, from the of labor. Why? I have potatoes, flour, desirous that their labors should be thraldom of ages, from localities

beef, and other articles of food, which increased. There was an excellent where poverty is a crime and beg-

I wish my brethren to have; and it is paper mill here, and the ladies of the gary an offence against the law,

better for them to labor for those arSocieties might cooperate in seeing that where every avenue to rise in the scale ticles, so far as they are able to have the rags throughout the Territory were of being to any degree of respectable opportunity, than to have them given to not destroyed, but husbanded, that joyous existence is forever closed, and them. They work, and I deal out prothey might be used for the making of place them in a land where honest

visions, often when the work does not paper. He also wished the ladies to labor and industry meet a suitable reprofit me. ( Brigham Young, Journal of learn typesetting... Ladies could do ward, where the higher walks of life

Discourses 8:11.) the light work, while men should do are open to the humblest and poorest,

3. I like to see men get rich by their the laborious work.... (From a reand where they can lay a foundation

industry, prudence, management, and port of President Brigham Young's for indissolubly uniting themselves and economy, and then devote it to the remarks, April 6, 1873, in the Tabertheir children in the progressive scale building up of the kingdom of God nacle. ) of human existence. (From the 13th

upon the earth, and... I am pleased 10. Furnish the sisters with needles General Epistle of the First Presidency,

to say that our rich brethren are doing and thread to work at sewing, and find October 29, 1855, Millennial Star, 18:

well. ( Brigham Young, Journal of Dissomething for them to do. Take those 51.)

courses 11:115.) little girls who have been coming to 13. Cash is scarce, though more

4. If we have not capital ourselves, the Tithing Office, and have them plentiful than it was, and will continue

there are plenty of honorable men whom taught to knit edging, and tidies, and to improve as domestic manufactures our brethren can enter into partnerother kinds of knitting, and make lace, improve. We dig no gold or silver, but

ship with, who would furnish and assist and swell the products of their labor. depend on our friends to dig and bring

them whenever they should receive an Those little girls have nimble fingers, to us, while we are digging after richer intimation to that effect. (Brigham and it will only take a little capital to treasures. (From 8th General Epistle

Young, Journal of Discourses 11: 1 39. start them at such kinds of work. Where from the First Presidency, April 7,

5. Let the rich Saints gather up the you have brethren who are not strong 1851, Millennial Star, 15:114.)

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE 1 RESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

USE OF PRIESTS'AND nition might be given for this outstandTEACHERS* MANUALS FOR AARONIC PRIESTHOOD ing accomplishment. Stake Aaronic

THE REMAINDER OF 1939 CONVENTION, Priesthood chairmen who have not al- 'T'he regular edition of manuals for APRIL 8 ready completely checked the records in the are stake urged of each quorum

Priests'quorums and Teachers'to the to report at once and do so exhausted. 1939 has been The subfor THEtionAaronicto be heldPriesthoodin connectionConvenwith Bishopric. Presiding

ject matter and general material in the April Conference has been set for for identical are that 8, manuals April with 1 937 morning, Saturday at 10:00 MISSIONARY THE METHOD o'clock, in Hall. the is, It Assembly edition. therefore, of the 1939 CLASSES OF DEVELOPING interest of to unusual A program that the manuals 1937 recommended FOR AARONIC ADULT leaders will presented that time at be Priests'for Teachers'be and quorums PRIESTHOOD direction the MEMBERS of the under Presiding used, such adjustment minor making of Bishopric. has been found to be which A plan are necessary. as dates programs and

Fortunately the lessons are the same most successful is outlined hereIt as perwith. a adopted should be also. the of schedule procedure and

for to assignments perand urged week missupervisors plan with and manent this for Future orders during year in the Priesthood. form some duty in the sionaries appointed manner same Priests'will, Teachers'manuals and of part the evening a Sunday As officers appointed. are as other ward filled therefore, edithe be 1937 with

it is 21, that suggested on program May 1. tion, Priesthood Aaronic the Adult that Appoint an with suggestion quorum report to a congregation the be made organizing a Supervisor, and with man supervisors adjustsuch minor make total of of the the of members number If is if ability available. leadership one are necessary. asments

in inthe Priesthood Aaronic ward, is is desirable, but teacher, that he a good is in principal the prochange The necessary. cluding adults, not the and number who for annithe Priesthood Aaronicgram three, 2. or into the two, Divide ward filled actually during assignments have

versary celebrations. The recomthis special week. four approximately equal districts, accordfor the of mendations observance aning the to size the of ward. of part the a campaign, an 2nd—As 3. missionaries to special Appoint twoniversary the the restoration of of effort to should be have every made the district with supply and them each for Priesthood,Aaronic scheduled May of the Aaronic Priesthood member district the all holding in of adults the in names in 20, published been have 1 9 and The in at the attendance the special If ward are missionaries not Priesthood. Aaronic for the March,Improvement DesEra districts, all for the at available have once to meeting, Sacrament conducted be by

eret Section, Saturday, Church News, districts in or and begin one work two all in Priesthood Aaronic members the 25,February Progress and availthe others as follow are of with new men of the and branches Church. wards

first districts completed. for the able are or as March.Church of should seated quorums be Members district 4. missionaries of the each Have limited Priests'of the supply 1937 A in groups, the exception of with quorum into the adults of as mistogether go homes is available Teachers'manualsand and officers, seated should be on who or sionaries, of the sole arousing with purpose will price sold regular at the asthey be It is stand. the affairs that this interest in near desired religious the work and

lasts. as the sulong supply Quorum of of leaving the a Church, mention any important anniversary the be ocmade

pervisors are urged to encourage every casion of special efforts to have all class for later consideration.

in to 5. a manual, havequorum to the that they member missionaries Suggest the of Aaronic members Priesthood

basis there begin a where neighborhood that greatest on possible theorder good their in to duties respond such a manliving three four are or near each members its result All study.might orders from ner, if possible, as increase to their other. sent Bishop's to Presidingshould the be interest participation in Aaronic and 6. indicate three or members two WhenOffice, Street, Salt 40 North Lake Main interest slight in the after the Priesthood even and a anniversary Gospel celeCity. bration is over. sire to learn more, ask permission of onedeof

RESTORATION ANNIVERSARY STANDARD QUORUM AWARDS invitingthem to inholdonlya cottagethe two classor threein hisneighborshome, interest. indicated likewise have These who INCREASE CONTINUESHOULD ENCOURAGE

classes the using should held weekly, beACTIVITY from the stake chairmen of "Deports in suitable lessons the of others or manual

Asa part of the Churchwide celeAaronic Priesthood on Standard nature if desired. The Priests'manuals for

"bration of the 110th Anniversary Quorum Award accomplishments con1937 or 1938 are suitable.

of the restoration of the Aaronic tinue to indicate increasing interest in 7. The missionaries should continue their

of other prospective work members among project. important 15, this occurredPriesthood, which May

classes, inviting cottage to the one them stakes leading the in of the the banks of Susquehanna 1 829, on The Church starting in or already another formed a it is that are being in Pennsylvania, urged awards,River 1938 which now different has neighborhood. 3 ward (One

each ward organize a campaign for the made, are as follows: Los Angeles, classes each week.)

purpose of accomplishing two things: 18; Ogden, 16; Alberta, 14; Highland, 8. When there are enough members in

districts, all the not are sufficient, 6 or 8 11. the 13; of Taylor, induce every member 1st—To

desirable than are to begin 10 or 12 least at to accept PriesthoodAaronic wards have outstanding recmore Two all interest, sufficient invite showing of assignment of 8th Priesthood duty ords:one the Ogden Ward to join Ogden with,those have advancement shown who the anniprecedingduring of Granite Stake and Hawthorne the week Ward of class the direction the under a ward

versary celebration. (The week beStake, both qualifying six quorums for ward supervisor. He may either become

ginning May 15 and ending May 21 is the awards; four quorums of Deacons the instructor himself or secure someone

designated for this purpose, as Aaronic and one quorum each of Teachers and else. The time for this class should be dePriesthood Sunday will be May 21.) Priests. The total awards have already termined by the members. Best results have

It is suggested that from the records considerably exceeded those of 1937, been secured when the class is not held in the at or time connection with any other with other reports yet to Priesthood Extensionof the Aaronic be received.

is held. in the being ward

It percommittee, or other that sources, every is recommended awards be meeting this as a plan permanent one 9. Adopt

son holding the Aaronic Priesthood be presented to quorum officers in stake and continue it indefinitely.

contacted in advance of this special gatherings, in order that proper recog10. As the missionaries continue their

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

work the new members go into cottage Following the regular program outwere 24,847, which also leads all other classes at first, then secure training in the lined in the Teachers'quorum manual stakes and is one of the highest marks until are class they ready for adward since months'period in a nine reached activpoints the gained and by other

Priesthood. to the Melchizedekvancement kept. ities, records been this have has an excelquorum made to desire study members 1 1. For by who of feature the activity will lent qualAn outstanding record undoubtedly and is Priest's suggested. thethemselves manual

ify for the Standard Quorum Award of Ogden Stake for this year is the fact

Suggestions again in 1939. that 238 members of the Aaronic PriestThere should be no hurry to organize hood are now acting as Ward Teachclass. cottage a evena The ers. reporting stake only is the This class—not OGDEN STAKE MAKES

direct, individual missionary work thus engaged. 200 or more members RECORD is COMMENDABLE

class at first. theallimportant Let rating resulted total from of The 86%

grow out of the missionary work which f eading the Church in Aaronic a successful balanced program, which it will do in proper time. Jp"'Priesthood activity, with a total established high marks in each of the

new—notGive noevenpublicityaccountswhilein thewardworkmeetis ratinglished ofa 86%,new highOgdenpointStakeforhasquorumestabworkten divisionsoutlined ofby Aaronicthe PresidingPriesthoodBishings. Men are extremely sensitive over participation. Total assignments filled opric.

religious matters and especially in our

Church, if they have been inactive.

When men are invited to attend is this QUORUM, it TEACHERS'important—makeclasses—and FIRST CENTERVILLE will notclear that they be embarrassed, DAVIS SOUTH WARD,

that they will not be asked to pray, STAKE.

speak, or even answer questions until they indicate a desire or willingness to do so.

The Word of Wisdom and tithing are subjects which should be left until definite interest is indicated. They are

extremely delicate topics to those who are not in tune. They might well be

left for discussion when the interest has been well developed.

Do not try to have these men meet when the rest of the Priesthood meet.

This has been tried but is not successful. There are many reasons why they

prefer to not do so.

in rare Except instances where speTHE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEW cial conditions exist, confine the cot- A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the tage and ward classes to adults who are Lord's Law of Health studying the Gospel and striving to

In of advancement. worthybecome three EnThe CHIEFS ATTACK POLICE "E's"—Education, invited to cases wives been havesome to gineering, put PROBLEM DRIVING Enforcement—were thisparticipate, to DRUNKEN not has but appeared 72.7 Results: hours 24 a day. work

successful.be Police Chiefs "Prom the fatalNews Letter per decrease in automobile cent

is Diego that San "*"comes word curbities within a year's time, ENSIGNUNIVERSITY WARD, real deterdrivers with ing drunken EFFECTIVESTAKE, ADOPTS mination. INCREASES BEER LEADS PLANASSIGNMENT

It conis simple. used method The effective especially plan ofAn Foundation pubRule Golden HPhe vato swiftly officers shifting sists of"assignments Priesthood has been lishes the following: the to examine arterial rious highways

of Universityadopted Enby Ward techthe drivers. of conditions When 1936 UNITED IN THE INCOME thissign plan each Stake. Under first drunken 100 about used, nique was 51% STATES THAN MORE WAS is assignthe of givenmember quorum resulted. As charges a month driving 1932. IN DID THE WHERE in for advance, one covments month the city that the through spread GO? news MONEYering variety of activities. These a this most earnest in about police were Answer are printed smallassignments on made driving laws, traffic all safety vital of Increase Beer 317% to areforms each handed which member reduced. drinking after 302 Radios was

is the appointment made.when

220 t * Whiskey assignof the the month, the end At are to the returned blanksment quorum Something new in Milwaukee is a AutomobilesCigarettes.... 20348

supervisor and assembled by the ward liquorless, beerless night club, with a Theatres 41 chairman. The plan has been in operabig dance floor, clean floor shows on Army and Navy 30

tion since January 1, and excellent pro- a big night, and plenty of ice cream and Jewelry 25 gress is reported by Walter Wright, soft drinks. COLLEGESCommunity Chest 18%24 Decrease

ward chairman of Aaronic Priesthood. General Benevolences 29

CENTERVILLE FIRST WARD otherBeaumont,sizeableTexas,city in alongthe country,with everyhas CHURCHES 30

TEACHERS REACH QUORUM been wrestling with the drinking driver THE GOVERNMENT encourages the

STANDARDS problem in relation to traffic accidents giving of 15% of one's income.

urges the giving, of 10%.f\NE of the outstanding records of and fatalities. THE BIBLE PEOPLE UNITED OF THE meetTHE held a mass year citizens Last in connection Teachers'quorums in 1935 gave but 2-1/3%. STATES League, Safety organized Beaumontwith the Standard Quorum Award is ing,

that of the Teachers'quorum of Centried drunken driving cases as felonies It should be noted that three of the terville First Ward of the South Davis in district courts where proper penalfirst five items showing marked increase

Stake. ties were imposed. are beer, whiskey, and cigarettes.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES Protestors of Christendom

{Concluded from page 219) WwucL J&acheJbtL Vn&A6joiqsL got, Tftaif, 1939 "I am with you, even to the end of the world."He seems to forget what

TITHING? PAY AFFORD TO CAN WE elsewhere: says he word was "The

confidence to trust in man."(Psalms the put *f Tt is better Lord than in the given befrom many ways

is in exhibited keep the Confidence 118:8.) by those the Lord who ginning. ask not only must We

tithing, 8, 1838. revelation given to the (Doctrine law of July Church by it whether word, whether is God's

results in the confidence and 119:4.) But from faith Covenants Lord and to God spoke

is It their tithing the experience. the experience of those with pay who it apright satisfaction resulting that the are a whom doing joy so from He spokeit, butit, muchwhether8 more, motives and

testimony that they have done the right thing. Hence their faith is plies to you or another."

strengthened. They come to know that blessings coming from opening When the Savior said, "I am with

"the windows of heaven"as a result of the payment of their tithing you, even to the end of the world,"alone, as far as we know, (Malachi 3:19) may take many forms—an increase of faith, a greater He was

power to resist temptation and overcome evil, health and preservation from with the Apostles, and this promise accidents and afflictions, better selfcontrol, wisdom and understanding, was made to them. If a valid bapgreater enjoyment in Church activities, greater economic prosperity, etc. tism had been lost, Luther knew he

In short those who pay their tithing gain greater confidence in the Lord had had no authority to restore it.

and more readiness to acknowledge His hand in all things. He preferred to believe, in spite of

Unfortunately there are some who seem to believe they can afford the evidence, that it was not lost.

tithing, tithing, at forgetting to or that part only the most no pay Lord believed that church Roman The will before the to open those seek His up do ways way who will. the to Peter. given keys been had

illness, various can from them numerous He expenses—accidents,worthily that believed Luther keys the were well of as prosper in other kinds ways. them misfortune—assave entire to the congregation. given Sheffield, President Bailey of England, fellow asked worker was by a

l. how he could afford to pay tithing. Both men had the same wages and Luther believed in an invisible

families of about the same size. In reply Brother Bailey asked his colleague church of all believers; nevertheless

how much his family spent on tea, or tobacco, and on alcoholic beverages. the visible church—the pastors and It was found that the cost of these items to the one family was more than congregations—must be set in orthe tithing of the other. Hence the president replied, "I can afford to pay der: "Unless measures are taken,"

tithing because my family keeps the Word of Wisdom."Further, he said said Luther, "to secure a suitable

his family had much less sickness than his colleague's. So the net income disposition and proper maintenance

of the president, though the gross was no greater than that of his colleague, for ministers and preachers, there enabled his family to live much better than his friend's family lived. will shortly be neither parsonages

faithful sincere will of the keeping of tithing and never law The handinor schools worth speaking of, and affairs in his will Saint but, the contrary, cap a economic on redound always to his good. On this point read how Elder John A. Widtsoe answers the Divine Worship and the Word of9

question, "Does the Payment of Tithing Cause Economic Distress?"ImGod will come utterly to an end."

provement Era, February, 1939, p. 72. The bishops had not accepted

President Bailey could readily pay his tithing because he kept the Luther. Luther himself, in preaching

Word of Wisdom. Would keeping the Word of Wisdom enable all against masses for the dead, indulChurch members to do the same thing? gences, etc., had cut off much of

During 1938 there was paid in Utah for alcoholic beverages and the revenue of the individual churchcigarettes the vast sum of $10,571,144.70, amounting to about $20 per es. What should be done to secure

capita. If the amount paid for tea, coffee, and other forms of tobacco, revenue, and how should the church

besides package cigarettes, were added to the $10,571,000, the total would be organized and administered?

capita. per part of this exceed $25.00 paid Church by What sum was Apparently Luther had establishit it is cannot certain determined, be that members almost but greatly

exceeded the amount of tithing per capita paid by Church members in ed the principle for the organization

Utah during 1938. of the churches:

all priests as consecrated by We are it is if all clear that Thus kept members Church of Wisdom the Word baptism, as St. Peter are a royal says: "Ye

tithing, their not only they the blessings and paid following would reap the {I Priesthood, holy a nation,"Peter 2:9);

faithful performance of this duty, but would actually have more money and in the Book of Revelation; "And hast

in their pockets. made unto our God (by Thy blood) kings

Why are alcoholic beverages and tobacco not good for man? The and priests."(Revelation 5:10)....

Lord did not say, but He gave men intelligence to find out. The booklets Since we are all priests alike, no man may

"Alcohol Talks to Youth"and "Nicotine on the Air"give the answer. put himself forward or take upon himself,

election, to do consent our and scientist, written were an eminent tells without by in the field, They an expert who all alike to do. power have that which we in simple, story interesting the language, giving facts. only accepted Every to thing if a For all, no is common man

Saint Latterday possess read these home should and as well two booklets, himself take it to may without 10the wish little spellbinding stories in the as the two brief pamphlet of of the community. and command "The Word

Wisdom in Practical Terms."Every Church member will enjoy and be (To be Continued)

profited by reading these three booklets.

8Quoted from a sermon preached in 1527 in to Luther's the Introduction Reject That Are to are inquire requested Note to at each We whether Ward Teachers home

Luther, Martin A. of in Works Men, J. or not the: pamphlets mentioned received their Doctrines above been have report and II, vol. p. 430. Holman Company,of

finding to the bishopric. The booklets are being distributed by Stake and "Kostlin, Martin Luther, p. 350.

Ward AntiLiquor-Tobacco Committees. 10Luther, Address to the German Nobility, The First

Wall.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

Shall I Rear a Family? prospect of onethird of America's generation can be expected to meet

like trust in with married its problems couples. Have they thought God (Concluded from page. 205)

it that determination with like it through? and

here to note that the rate of popuShall I rear a family? The antoo shall conquer.

lation increase in births over deaths swer may depend somewhat on among the Mormon people for the whether we take the long or the years 19141934 as given in the Era short view. If we insist that popuHospitable Argentine

(April, 1938, p. 213) is 2.4 per cent. lation be reduced so that there may (Concluded from page 220)

capita, then wealth a per be more labor. fields of their nearly a For whythe argument,Continuing or declining stationary population arrival, our before "Los Morweek families? large should have we to necessary. thought be be may We in headlines were San mones"if all at children are they haveWhy in Arizona, Cataract Canyon, have train at the Nicolas. met were We educator westernnot wanted? One that race of the a has remnants been picnic the to of escorted grounds and listening of a toafter barrage popin declining population. exan For Athletic Club, the where were we statistics, sarcastically ulation remiserable the ultimate of ample end to native barbecue, treated or a that,marked, would one "From race, nonchild-rearing of a we at Sister presided Williams asado. thing importantthink that the most these well people. might study There at others, table the which, among is life family. in large to a have the cannot admittedly men young the seated mayor, Senor were is quality, really not want weWhat children, rear they already because Cavalli, del Carlos Forno, LL.D., is evithere quantity."However, no five, their six four, in or home, have attorney noted Rotary Argentine and limiting size the of that thedence clothe. old ancestors to feed and president, other and Club San will inherincrease insure or family If, take long the however, we citizens gracious Nicolas were who offspring, inited quality that the nor is our one, a race worthy to their view—that young, amiable hosts new, family a large lowcauses ahaving its ideals that right of equal opand friends. "Yankee"quality.ering of the George Washare portunity should ones which be following In conevening, the a children; of tenington one was for the of perpetuated good humansur- of the tour ducted and town child; ninth aBrigham was Young ity; is in there that our somewhere to country, rounding taken were we fifteenth the FranklinBenjamin was feeling that being of gratitude a we central the Mitre, Plaza square of eighth father the ofchild his and alive the are of enjoying cream and city, in the the rotunda, where, open Clive, his conof mother; Robert all civilthe of accumulations past orchestra a conmissionary gave eldest India, of of thequeror was finally, izations; least at that and we enthusiastically cert received by children;thirteen Taylor was John it to ancestors that our to see owe fapeople. 2,000 than more Two ten; the of Richard outone Wagner these things to are passed on comLejos songs, Spanish mous "Que ninth; themusician Joseph was all ing course, of generations—then, Virgencita,"sung Estoy,""La and of out the one ProphetSmith was selfish of reapersonal, the mean, as Sister a Williams, came happy by six; of outeleven; Bismarck, one for children, sons vanish. not having listeners. to the surprise eight; outShakespeare, of and one

Martin Luther was one of a large Pride in one's ancestry alone A basketball game between the family. So we might turn the pages should be sufficient reason for perElders and the local club quintet imof history and find that most of the petuating the race. Appreciation of mediately succeeded the openair

great builders of civilization have the glories of today and an outpourbroadcast. The winning play of the

been members of large families. ing wish that others might share Elders drew the applause of the

For Latterday Saints there is them, should be another. Then fin- 1,000 spectators, and furnished maanother very important consideraally we come to the grim reality, terial for complimentary writeups

that nations survive who have the in day. the following the newspaperstion. in believe preexistence We to strengthen to multiply, his saw Morteo personally Mayor life that is a mortal sequence to courageand

structures internal outward and hotel. to a specially reserved guests there. believe their plan perfecteda We events defenses. Recent have shown were equally newspapers Thethat responsihas the each person

bility of making earthlife possible this. Under modern conditions it generous in their announcements of

under the covenant for those yet unis not likely that a spendthrift, childthe meeting scheduled for Sunday, born spirits. For without life, they less people can long survive as an so much so, that at the appointed

cannot grow and become perfect. independent nation. hour, the hall was filled to capacity.

is perplexed with other Present at this meeting was the exWe loved them then, and we want America them with us here and hereafter, beserious problems, but the Latterday Hungarian Consul, who seemed to cause without them our joy will not Saints as a people have at least this be deeply impressed, and who left an be complete. one problem less to vex them. Their invitation with the Elders to visit his

Then there is that most pathetic belief in God and their acceptance famous "Estancia"or ranch.

of all situations, the childless old of responsibilities toward the race New immigration laws exclude the is inspiringly splendid. But there heretofore unrestrained influx ofman and woman—those who spend

their declining years looking back lie ahead two special problems: foreigners into Argentine, and misin obtaining the necessaryonends—anlives devotedempty waste.uselesslyTheyto anticiselfish first,to a sensethat ofofarousingtheir dutiesthe childlessand opficultysionaries have lately found some difpate no vigorous, eager step crossportunities—a matter of education. documents for entrance. There is no

ing their threshold, no loving emThe second is that of helping the doubt but that much good will come brace, no happy chatter of little chillarge families to survive on an adeof our visit to San Nicolas, the city dren to awaken echoes that swell quate level of nutrition, education, in which the liberal constitution of the breast with happy memories; no and culture. This latter is a huge the Argentine was drawn up and

treasures laid up in heaven where challenge in these days of unceradopted, the city which we found to moths can not corrupt nor thieves tainty, but the early pioneers masbe the home of a tolerant and hosbreak through and steal. This is the tered their staggering tasks. Our pitable people.

Different objects, such as books, leaves, of Truth, and so on. Will each ward

stars, flowers, etc., had been cut out and leader send in everything she can for

written side numbered. one was On stake leader someher everyeach and ward

for thing to the guests do. example: For

activities thing for her stake as on any to a radio person No. 1, one be announcer

along. inspiraof the Think come to give the the others program anthey SUNDAY andMAY 7TH—M.

of seeing tion stakes'other banquet a act short play, nounced; out No. 6, SERVICEI. A.EVENING

rP HE Road to Happiness Lies M.(somethingI. A. Theme)to bring; No.out8, thechoosethoughtimaginaryof the included.ideas and Don'tthe fundelayof seeingbut sendyoureveryown

Through the Divine Injunction, instruments and play in an orchestra; No. thing in as soon as you can to the

9, sing that a brings thought out a song as Shalt Love"Thou Thy Neighbor care Gleaner of Committee, Y. M. W.

I. the of each A. Theme. was Then M.Thyself."BuildGeneral Bishop's 33 I. A. Board, cut or into pieces together. 5 4 mixed and Preliminary Music. ing, Salt City, Utah. Lake to came, each person take he had one As Service. Song pieces. the of to find the had he to the Girl Then Clubs: Gleaner Pep Add

of "Kindness"Songs: group fit A his part, other that pieces with and Stake, Stake, Ensign 33rd Wells and

"Scatter of Kindness."Seeds all they each matched, were when group girls similar cosThese have

to out Kindly."said the card -"Let was Other what Treat work Each Us sweaters, or blouses, are for Ward.tumes, and to do. called them then numbers were The of Tones "Kind Sweet Are Words organized acto support Men turn. their the M each took group and the Heart."

tivities, basketball. especially

to "Let's Another."Kind Be One nice Other played were games a and their sheaf wards bound ward Many Prayer. all lunch served. jolly time a had They early finds as as October. Each month the love Repeating Theme, "By feeling that and went and home happy list. to the Lincoln ones added new is all another.serve the one For law they better. other each knew Girls held Gleaner Mothers'a Ward this, in infulfilled word, even one

'Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thyand Daughters'banquet in connection self.'"(Galatians 5:1314.) with their second comraderie night, on

Address, "Thou shalt love the Lord Monday, January 30. The tables and

thy God with all thy heart, mind, hall were elaborately decorated in blue might and strength."and white cellophane. Five new

Theme Song for Male Voices, "I'll GLEANER QUERIES members brought in through the comprogram were welcomed into sheaf raderie our have bound wardGo the group. girl have every of GleanWhere You Want Me To Go,"by—that1. Weis weRounsfellCornwall.

Story, "King of the Golden River."er age enrolled except one married girl Capitol Hill Ward Gleaner Girls

Theme Song for Mixed Voices, who says she can't leave her tiny baby. held their second comraderie night on

"Service,"by Cadman. Is there no way we can have a scroll? Tuesday, January 24, after Mutual in

cent per enrollment 100 The was Relief not the large table Society is, Room. Story, A Love Theme "Where

girls to include meant working on Tuesday cloth. linen covered white a with was is Also,"Tolstoi.There by God girls, nights, or invalids. married You tall corner In one stood of roses vase a for Ladies'Voices, Song Theme girl every brought have know when you

"The Bridge Builder,"by Doug all. into your class who can come, and when and sweet peas. In the center was a

Address, "Thou shalt love thy you have taken the spirit of Gleaner work large G formed with candles stuck in neighbor as thyself."to those who can't, then, of course, you gum drops. Between these candles

Group of Songs with tableaus: are ready to bind a ward sheaf. So send were entwined little sprigs of everfor scroll right your away. In green. the of center the a was Sowing. G

scrolls! these should see Everyone They small gold green piano. and grand baby Millet. Tableau, Sowers,""The are in green, a pale gold with embossed

lid the Class opened The Leadwas by at "Love Home."attractive design. are of an wheat They

it the pins pretook from to be er who Tableau, family at home. size suitable for putting in or framing a A

"Make the World Brighter with ward Treasures of Truth book. There is sented to the girls who had applied

Song."still time to work on membership before for them, and as she opened the lid

Tableau, Breton's "Song of the the year is over so that every ward may melodious strains of an old favorite

Lark."have one. tune came from this unique music box.

Benediction. 2. We have no new members for

Note: This program is to be subour third comraderie night, April 25,

stituted for the one on "Widening and and all the girls have their pins, so

Extending Horizons,"published in the what shall we do that night?

Executive Manual.

time. a lovely evePlan good LEADERS, M MENGLEANER ning's games, Have entertainment—a IS YOUR PAY WHAT girls the whatever enjoy once program,most—and

in girls the the comraderie more spirit make on; of extra emphasis the period As feel this big part of a organization. Gleaner 4duih CHECK? * sessions regular with our youngsheaf. the the living of again Emphasize

to leadclose, as a people do comes we this the most night wards For will mean DEPARTFROM THE ADULT totry ers ponder? pause third and in the perhaps last gleaning the and we Do FIRST RUPERT OFMENT

field girls of for the year. of output sheet the a balance make MINIDOKAWARD, STAKE

and income of this great project?'

/"\im fulAdultparty Classon theheldopena verynightsuccessof JanJune ConferenceSuggestionsis near and big Wouldto these:your sheet have figures similar

uary 30, 1939. It was held at our home. plans are afoot. It has been suggestExpense

For an "icebreaker"and with the ed that we have an exhibit at that time Thirtyfive gallons of gasoline, two newthought of trying to work out our M. of M MenGleaner activities: protires, long distance telephone calls.

I. A. theme, the first game we played grams, favors, decorations, newspaSeven cold Sunday dinners because of

was as follows: pers, creative advertising, Treasures leadership meeting.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 193 9

Leaving a grate fire, a good book, and as they are so numerous. Keep on send- a habit rather than a precept basis for

attractive It offers morals. an fine the Church to radio Mutual, Tuesprogram go to in, help ing as they will however, them

it of development; sevenday program evening. day our files. to investigate others wish who to the interest, holding grips the him boy's just family wife and Walking out on at meal time. Good luck, M MenGleaner officers, Church by an added and powerful bond;

Almost losing boy friend because one "happy leading in M. I. A."it means more boys and later more men

attracts It appeals to and the Church. M MenGleanev Committee. in

leaders into service as bringing them men, doesn'tA goodgo cryingskiing onspellSunday.after board meeting. Your

of boys, who otherwise would find no inIncome terest in the Church. The Scout Oath and

New powers in leadership. Law should become a positive force in

Tasting the sweetness of service. the life of every boy through a carefully

Meeting new people. Tt is encouraging to note a definite planned and executed program of appliLearning to put first things first. A trend among L. D. S. leaders of cation.

of Increased the Gospel. knowledge international to correlate this Scouting 3. for Standards Advancement in a to fill. Finding new niche of brotherhood and program Troops. character Y. M. I. A. M.

Assets development with the teachings and Participation in Church activities should

Increased power because of opportunity program of the Church. Contacts by become an unconditional requisite and part

to lead. General Board members to the stakes of Scouting. Scouts and Explorers should

Additional faith in God. and wards of the Church show that be encouraged to become active members

Clear conscience—responding to the call. Scouting is rapidly becoming recogof Priesthood quorums, Sunday School

Many new and wonderful friendships. nized as an integral part of the Church. classes, and seminaries. Advancement and

in in addition should of Scouting Greater testimony the Gospel. spirit of cooperation and recognition

respective the intelligent requirements to meeting be and More delightful personAhelpfulnessstrong is evidenced by Scouters, ality. fulactivity religious predicated upon and

Real joy in the realization that one has M. I. A., and Priesthood officials. Such fillment of the boy's Church assignments

touched the very heart of things when he an attitude on the part of our boy leadas expected by his spiritual leaders.

has joined hands with youth. ers is rapidly increasing the opportun- 4. Trained Leaders.

to worth for prove its Scouting the recognizes neBoard The General Is your check"amounting to ities "pay Service auxiliary to the Church. as an of trained cessity Scout and and value like this: something formerly assistance, which was and leaders. accepts Explorer Every man who

little higher, a young One man—Head is acknowlcall contemplated, to in avail never serve a Scouting should now

little brighter, great courage eyes a a deal himself to of opportunity attend every and inestimable of to be proved and edged stronger, overcome, a weakness a hope new all training participate in courses offered is beeffect service the of value. The his soul, in ambition just kindled and beprofessional local Scouters through the by organizations into carried ing many his leader. cause were you

councils. technique preand methods The dilittle not the functions of a Church wider, young and One woman—Smile in sented will to courses such be valuable

little little richer, voice happiness a near- a Scouting. rectly connected with The in not a the operation only of Scoutman er, this at because emotional she age has committees joint Explorer Scout and ing other of but the every program Church shoulders touched with you. for the in leaders join into commending called subsequently he which be may

Sometimes the sum total of a life spirit of service to the Church being to serve. This is a great opportunity which

time's work would be when a young manifested and wish to encourage all has come to our Church leaders from the man or woman looks into the eyes of leaders to continue to foster such an National Council of Scouting.

a leader and says: "You will never attitude. 5. Scouting Has Become a Valuable

know how much you have helped me In spite of the progress that has Missionary Medium.

the of quality quantity Because of and there no seemedwhen way greater service can been a much made, out—you Scouting done have the Church, by I we there most."neededwere you when beginning a rendered. yet be Only

all in friends the parts world. of has won Our us hunters, horizon be Let hunting possibilities utilizing in the been made respected leaders are peoChurch by many for here therehappily and honew in assisting the for Church ple, faith, prejudiced otherwise toward our

for rizons youth. Surely Mormon salvation. we of program human in of attainments our because Scouting. Weits greatwish

have a fertile hunting ground, work to to emphasize a few general and specific Our missionaries in foreign countries as do, things to learn, people to love. opportunities which every Scouter well as in America have found friends and

With new strength and happiness let should keep in mind in directing his admirers because of their knowledge and us anticipate tomorrow and its responprogram. association with this great international

program. recognition has beSuch come skill love and "Where work

efficient willing of the cause service and Projects. Turns and Service 1 Good a masterpiece!"Astogether—beholdsibility. in Scoutmasters leaders Explorer and

should in skilled be conof Explorers and Scouts our and workwe become the of troops S. hundreds under L. D.

opportunities stantly of which reminded it eternal the color with of essence sponsorship. the service extend of To perturns to available and are good do call to servicelove, our to the in becomes Scouting a as more boys Church

benefit the to acts service Church of form the well quality as of improve the prous challenge ofpart a testo our and leaders. assist their value or The Church the should therefore obprimary gram be of the Gospel.timony character in developing service of such jective leader. of every Shall face with a tomorrow hope we service emphasized. comshould be The sincerest our Accept commendations infor the opportunity the to serve alin the should mittee Explorer Troop

for the enaccomplished work and list I. projpossible service of a have A.? waysM.

How impossible it is to measure the ects for the Troop or individual Explorers couragement for your continued supgood. Only "God's measuring rod"to perform. Pages 4650 of Log of the Export and even greater efficiency in the

plorer opporTrail 8 indicate more No. operation of these programs in the willing dimensions in measuringknows

tunities the for to Service performance future.service, and how little you know carry than can possibly any Troop how Church

many souls are bigger and better beout in a year's time. A regular system of

causeM theyMenGleanertouched shouldersofficers, withwe you!send motivatingperformanceandfollowedencouragingby appropriatesuch Servicereclumou

you greetings and congratulations for ognition should be set up in every Boy the wonderful work you and your Scout and Explorer Troop. "VTot being scientific, we had notgroups have done in M MenGleaner 2. Promotion of Spiritual and Morthought of light as force, until in

Banquets and Valentine Parties. From al Values Through the Scouting Prothe March issue of the Eta., we read,

all parts of the Church come reports gram. "In the progress of science, it had been

of outstanding activities sponsored by Scouting is a happy interpretation of found that light, passing through space, our young people. Space will not perthe practical phases of the Gospel in a exerts a pressure on the objects it enmit printing all of those sent in to us boy's way of thinking. Scouting provides (Continued on page 240)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939 (Continued from page 239) winter—and which now—if we dig around you? Have you nurtured each counters."We are familiar with the and weed and rake a little—will burst separate plant with a true gardener's illuminating value of light—with its into color and fragrance before us. Perunderstanding of individual types and

connotations of eternal truth and intelhaps you have already noticed the first needs? Give your imagination a little

ligence, but new vistas of understanding crocus—that timid, shy youngster who airing and see if now, as the gardening are opened when we think of light as always sat in the back of the room—season comes into its full fruition, you

having strength and force—of "exerthas quietly opened up and flowered becannot tuck in a few final bits of color

ing pressure."For sprinkling of vivacious perfume—a pressure without being perfect that will season and make nothing"felt"—withoutcan exert beforeothers.your astonished eyes. There will andherbs

building resistance"in up "let off then the year's the Junior Leave manual your and And M of it that rallywhich of nature use nature it as take catalogue. seed you a would a "strengthtouches—without its course"—theplan. ing other strengths around it. In other sunlight energizing through page. every dark Glance and restful on Check

there as as illumiwellwords is power soil cold gardening of rain heat and your methods, and on your drought—of

light. in nation for as "doing"Use it everbalancing opposites actually which and fertilizer. See if you—of

"seeing."well as tolerance planted patience all the seeds teach that us and beproperly and

April is a grand month for "doing"in long in your particular plot of ground. relative values.

Junior work. Here is our lush Junior Have you considered the general landLet's get our clues from page 2 of

Garden which turned over we color, It tells are there ) anual. us that our and scape—variety, and height—that

in planted the fall and gently have been unified, harmonious, you may have an in the gardening month days four (Mgood protecting and cossetting through the and charming "everbloom"effect of April—the 4th, 11th, 18th, and 25th.

The 4th is a splendid day for planting that gorgeous plant known as "Progress."It is more than an annual in

It field. perthe flower than a is more ANNUAL MEETLARGEST

it It eternal. Let's ennial. put is an SCOUT ING OF WESTERN

COUNCILS into this rich Junior soil with special of Leaders Salt Lake Scout in believed Council to care that it may live forever in Junior what is be the largest annual Scout ideals and actions.

meeting of Council any Council in the shows The 11th is the gardener's delight. Photo West.

portion of those attendonly sniffing garden, a through your ing. total parWalk The number

little, presenting little, pruning a each ticipating was approximately

Reports given 2,000. at the girl with a bouquet, and encouraging

an alltime meeting indicate record in registrations, showher to reciprocate with a perfect noseand Scouts ing 5,981 1,416 gay known as "testimony."

Scouters, total a of 7,397.

The 18th could properly be an "idenTROOP IS, EIGHTEENTH tification day."Now is the time to

WARD HONOR SCOUT stake and label your plants. To turn

TROOP, ENSIGN STAKE, the good old question box into a COUNCIL. SALT LAKE

veritable gardener's "Askit Basket."

Really to give out some "Information

OF SCOUTERS FAMILY 1ST FROM SHELLEY WARD please"in the light of the Gospel.

START NEW YEAR RIGHT. And the 25th—a very personal day Left) (Below,

Father and three sons re-—a glorious chance for every Junior

ceived Eagle Awards January girl to do a little "flower pressing,"re- 1. Clarence F. Johnson, age for cording forever some of the lovely mois Field Commissioner 44,

the Council; Teton Peaks life in I of her Story, ments Lest "My

is left) (at age Rene 14, bring Forget."her her Let book up cenPatrol (in Leader; Don

ter) is secretary for the Court to date now. She may never have anof and Honor; Blaylock (at other chance. is right) assistant junior

Scoutmaster, ley, Idaho. Troop 33, Shelwork—ifApril iswe'lla gorgeousactually monthwork inintheJuniorsunlight on every gardening day.

THE MASTER M MEN GROUP OF OFFICERS AND SUPERVISORS WHO ARE DIRECTING THE AFFAIRS OF THE LIBERTY STAKE M MEN FOR 193S1939.

(Right) Front row, left to right: 'T'he day of the Swarm should be a

Beers, Director LeonardW.

Supervisor; Harhappy, joyous experience for youand Activity

old Jensen, newly appointed and your girls. The success of Swarm

Supervisor. Manual row, left to right: Day can be measured by the joy exSecond

Milton Quigley, M Men Vice perienced by the girls themselves. Have

President Hansen, MforMen193839;Secretary Earlfor you started to plan with them how to

193839; William Allen, M make it an attractive occasion that they

Men President, 193839. will want to participate in because it

will be fun? Plans should not be made

'T'he Liberty Stake M Men believe and working project of W. Leonard by just stake and ward Bee Keepers, they have the distinction and honor Beers, M Men supervisor for the past but the girls themselves should be alof being the first in the Church to have four years. This attainment is a delowed to contribute their ideas. Their

an organization of officers and supercided step forward toward its accomthinking and planning must of course visors in which each member has plishment. There are at present 26 be guided by the wisdom and experiearned the coveted Master M Men members who have already earned ence of their Bee Keepers. You will

award. their Master Awards while the remainfind this will help to create enthusiasm

"Every Liberty Stake M Man, A ing group are enthusiastically working and interest in Swarm Day among theMaster M Man,"has been the slogan for theirs. girls themselves.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 193 9

176 in the Bee Keep174 to Pages er's types NATIVE BLOOD various suggest Handbook of activities. Read them over carefully

with the other suggestions given and (Continued from page 217) sulted unconsciously from Eltceesie's then choose the plan that suits your silent, though pronounced disapyes) best. (Yes, barkedcircumstances over Oaa,"back "Oaa, Think her father proval, she but saw when

in topast other years into Days corner the Swarm from which Yoinsnez in troubled apprehension descending their for best stake, analyze themyour retreated. "If out you he back had sense, plane to the of she common for mistakes as asfeatures well any the store the money. and have we taking frankly told a he him wasthat be guided made, and were by these raised white be a must Your man man fool's chance. this year. planning in forexperiences horse sugar; milk your from and on

Thorough preparation, as you know, the warm stable and the soft blanHe tried to make a show of reis essential and will contribute most ket."senting her words, but down in his

to make it a happy, memorable day. proud old heart they disturbed him,

Have the girls rehearse their parts They repeated the terms back and and saddling his pony he rode over ahead of time. Show them how to forth to forestall any misunderstandto Klee Betow where Begay was

walk and stand when they take their ing, and Begay arranged the details. bubbling with anticipation, and some

It in racespositions front should the the of audience. come agreed Enwas hopefuls confident the of young who

their thoughts to expresscourage off at them in thirty there a big right days to* call bet the gathhad urged himin the their without and words ( own ) celebration chickenpull nahoni exult to while ered there in advance girls the sure of touse a paper. have Be invited. to be the country whole preto the they days slow counted their theirinvite not but only mothers,

fathers, brothers, sisters, and friends. The whole country coming right cede the nahohi. Something in the

always gratifying was falls fire like of a youth hope and girls there—that to give the this occasion Use to the store and its management toilof the weariness on sweet balmtheir practical, using awards, where

the formations. The girls are given separating machine. ing age, and the old man returned

their emblem of rank for the following A government agent, hearing of home vibrant and alive with confiyear; a girl having completed the Buildthe unusual bet, came to discourage dence.

er's Rank being awarded blue violets or to modify it, and The Badger, Eltceesie was no longer a little girl of the Gatherer's Rank, the Gatherer feeling certain that nothing short of with sunfaded hair tied in a bob receiving Bee. the GuardGold The his force from could turn Yoinsnez a string, but cotton a with young

certificatesians'should be awarded it through, carrying of made inpurpose things seen beyond had who woman girl'sdividually, being each name pretending a appearance by good father's of sphere her the narrowcalled. indicate necessarily not It does

that she has completed the three ranks to be perfectly willing to drop the acquaintance, and she was the only of Bee Hive work but signifies that whole affair. one of his family left to comfort

she is old enough and prepared to go But the old Navajo, as soon as he him in his doting old age. He clung

on and be a Junior. heard the proposition, snorted his to her as life and love cling to their

The spirit of Swarm Day should not objection without compromise. last tie. The school at Shiprock had

express a feeling that the year's work "Doetah! (NO!) These are my not estranged her from him; the

is completed, and there will be no more sheep,"he insisted, "I do with them native blood still loved its own, and

Bee Hive work until the following as I please. You let this hateful she saw his folly and ignorance not

extendsSeptember. program Our in pity. roots disgust, take thing but with with and come my entire thethrough year and Swarm

object to dooryard, and you my now horses bred and have "White men of the the completionDay indicates winter's program. However, the sumdoing to him what he tries to do to trained to do nothing but run,"she

mer work is just beginning with more me. told him when he returned with big

activity and fun even than the winHis native blood was up; he hopes from Klee Betow, "You can't

ter's work, and the girls are to spend couldn't wage the kind of war his beat lose everything."them—you'lltogether a as a happy summer Bee in the to good people used make beats "Nothing Begay-—nothing group.Hive still wield times, could but old he the to clung Tillego,"beats he and enthusiastically early plan and Then his possessions, he his wits and and inspired. bloods the hope had young for the successful most Swarm Day interferresented meddlesome any better a think you know man "You in stake,ever held your keepalwaysing in mind that no matter where it is ence.—and better horses—"he shook his

held it should have a spiritual buoyFinding the old man bent on the head regretfully. "When Begay

ancy and loveliness that radiate the races no matter the hazard, the beats the white man, and all his peotrue feeling of our Bee Hive program. agent had both parties agree that in ple shout in wild praise, you can no

Note: We have been receiving a case of any breach of agreement, the longer refuse him, to dream of the

number of questions regarding the reraces were to be run over. wanderer who ran away because he

inquirements the that states new book a girl to be comBegay spent the thirty days was unfit."an Bee must Honor

plete the Honey Comb assignments for eagerly grooming himself and his "Begay knows nothing beyond the three ranks. This was not a requirebrown horse for the races, but his reservation; like you he refuses to

ment in the old handbook and many of intended fatherin-law, strange to see. The Badger laughs at both

the Guardians this year have not a relate, when the floodtide of his imof you, and he will take everything complete Honey Comb. The commitpulsive feelings ebbed to their usual we have."

tee feels that if a girl has completed watermark, began in concern to conWith his hopes crushed again, he all given assignments the Honey Comb chances he desperate the template slip to then decided of it, out and in a the has Guardian and few Rank hard, at the taking. looked was He clearlyrepeated the he remembered in outstanding of examples her work restoreman, of the red face and that the agreement who'backed one ranks, the other sampler, her as such

this will fill the Honey Comb requiremembered how he had always carout lost everything the same as if he ment so far as entitling her to become ried his point. had come second in the race.

an Honor Bee this year. This contemplating may have re- (To be Continued)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

the despite genhostess, most who, old, are still unlucky of most its pages find ashtrays, doesn't distribution ofA Pioneer's Account erous scatnotes marked, and records and guests are gone, her an ugly young whenBook tered through the leaves are all too patch of blistered varnish on the polished picture that of dramatic top of or her beautiful a burned hole piano The ( Concluded from page 214) brief.

priceless tablecloth. lace her Spanish dim, parts past is of it in left very and

grave,"31, England, January 1820, can never possibly be filled in. The settled finally inand Rhoades who This indictment suggests an obloss is great.

Valley, County, Summit cannot too Utah. which be made The families of today wish servation many How in this possession of in the pointedly.book is now There are many one that of the past records had been

of pioneer. of this the daughters to image manners"The whom "good easier to preserve! to make and And

superficial hisaccounts ply something merely were kept by one of that so little can be tragedy what a empty and transitorytwo wives, Adelia Groesbeck Lamdone about it. But one thing we toand effete—the

bert, whom he married in Nauvoo, day can do is build our records well "forms"of social etiquette. In the

truer sense, however, 6, 1846. manners goodFebruary will for those to read yet come who

soil the from same as good little book, This measuring records, six them. should make We selfdiscipline a rigid long, threeinches threefourth and and springmorals—from intelligence should record with we

inches wide, and less than onehalf and discrimination. Then the records based on a fundamental regard for

rights feelings of others. the and thick,inch is remarkably prewell preserved. must be make that we

rule, the illmannered person As a itserved. enough, Curiously future. obligation to the was This is our

probably first owned by a Thos. is merely the selfcentered person,

Cottam whose name in large hand the person who can see and respond printing stands out boldly on the inTobacco and Good ownto nothingundisciplinedexcept theego.demands of his firstside of the in letters cover onehalf inch high. Two sentences, each Manners On this score, the count against

in a different handwriting, stand be- {Continued from page 213) the tobaccouser is high. It is the

neath the two different inscriptions daily "are guilty of bad taste and established tendency of the nicotineof the name of Thos. Cottam, and bad manners,"he insists, neverthedeadened cult to regard any restricthey state that this book was less, that women are the worst oftion upon their indulgence, for

"Bought at St. Louis, Mo., U. S., fenders. One paragraph deserves whatever reason imposed, as a mere

July 3rd, 1845,"and that Cottam, quotation in full: "puritanical"interference with their

evidently, was "Formerly from Many women have told me in New York, personal liberty. Hence we find

Waddington, Clitheroe, Lancashire, in London and Paris that it isn't the men them insisting upon the "right"not their fear invite to to half so they homes England."Old to puff faces only of into the smoke especially the the as and women, much

find to ruin it nauseous and folk who It's girls of today. unbridled small book, ninetytwo years headstrong, a A

rugs and furniture with their debris, but also to smoke in flour mills despite the annual toll of death and

The Best in Business Training-/*// destruction from explosions of flourdust as deadly as dynamite; to

smoke in forests despite the appalling annual loss from forest fires; and

to smoke in public buildings not adequately fireproofed, despite the annual loss in property, life, and irreplaceable books and public documents.

\\7hat is the explanation of these reversions to subcivilization on the part of men and women who are often, like my friend Bill, otherwise admirable? It is I think, simple

enough: Civilization has been essentially a process of gradually building up walls of social adjustment about our natural appetites. Like the animals,

L. D. S. COLLEGE "GOODWILL GROUP"—1939 we have to eat; but we do not have

to eat like the animals. Wellbred

presented programs have These students before most men and women do not merely "eat."schools Utah. of Central of the high They "breakfast,"they "dine,"they

subjects, to In addition the usual commercial a world of diswhat "sup,"-—and offers of supplementary the College a variety crimination reself-imposed and

courses, thus providing opportunities for wellstraint is implied in the latter words balanced development. as compared with the former!

so, even a Yet natural appewhen L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE tite has too long been thwarted, the

70 North Main Street social restraint be- A card will bring full information Salt Lake City, Utah pressure upon comes more and more intense until.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

even longestablished usages tend to through the barriers of social rebreak down. It is conceivable, straint with all the insistence and

shocking though it may seem, that violence of famine.

even the author of the famous "Book The temptation is always great to Completeof Etiquette,"goaded by the pangs make scapegoats of the things we of a prolonged fast, might plunge dislike, and to load their saggingher unwashed hands into the platbacks with all the sins of omission Banking ter and gnaw rare meat from a bone and commission that we find about us. to that dripping fingers. to succumb in herheld I do not want. for Service. temptation in its addicts tobacco blame and engenders Tobacco

an unnatural, but nevertheless a very more than its proper share of the insistent, appetite. In most addicts, deplorable tendencies we can all obThe general forward

it is an appetite which must be gratiserve in human conduct today, but movement in business itfied, interleisurely at deny that decorous not we can scarcely was finds this strong convals, is not good at said: Tobacco under but any truthfully all times and

circumstances. Balked, it breaks /or man! servative bank coop-

erating with its clients in every possible way. THE CLEAR WAY

(Continued from page 209) slowly up the road. "It's Tom Our complete service

got up to fire the boiler. More and Hand,"Fred announced, "running a includes commercial

scarcelymore coal, and for his chicken of coal a breath of load through and savings accounts, in little greenhouse. thewarmth I it."hatchery. makes hope he

Anxiously Elvira carried the therHe did, for about ten rods more. trusts, abstracts and

mometer to the cold end of the Then the truck slewed and headed safe deposit boxes.

place. That celery mustn't be into a tenfoot snow bank. The

ruined, after all they'd put into it. three at the window released pent

they worked. Doggedly at At last breath looked each other. and

all the kindling bring had toFred TITAIT%J liin savingsTRUST CO.& climbing see down They could Tom

wood from the shed to feed the rusty from the truck cab, his very shoul235 South Main Street little monster with the greedy maw. ders drooping in dismay. Member Federal Reserve System

When that was gone, they broke up Without a word Elvira began Member Federal Deposit the wash bench, an old door, some putting on her overshoes, her coat, Insurance Corporation spare planks, anything, all the time her woolen mittens. "Come, Fred.

doling in the last precious lumps of We'll hitch up Dandy and Dobbs coal to keep the fire bed red. The and go out."

hours crept by uncounted, and ElFor an hour they worked, shovelvira with a wordless, worked, pleading ashes snow, spreading ing prayer aching like a physical from the IT'S EASY directing furnace, Elvira greenhouse pain in her heart. Not a single vethe straining efforts of the horses.hicle had passed the house for three But the truck was not budged. Then TO BUY

days. Tom Hand began to shovel coal out

Towards the third evening the into the snow.

snow plow went through in the teeth "Wait, Tom,"Elvira shrilled,of the dying wind that hurled sandy "I'll send Fred up for the bobs. Bennett's

snow back across the road almost We'll pay you for that coal, what as fast as the plow moved it. The you can spare. I didn't think you three of them—Elvira, Fred, and could let any of it go, or I'd have Paint

Ethel, stood at the window and asked for it."

watched the thing struggling down "Half a load's better than none, -easy to select exactly the the white waste of road. Elvira's I figure,"Tom panted. "If you can

lips moved. get me out of here with half my color you want from

"What'd you say, mama?"Ethel load, you're welcome to the other Bennett's

asked. half."

"Nothing, child, nothing,"Elvira Like an imprisoned bird suddenly mumbled, with rising hysteria, then freed, that aching prayer in Elvira's tried to speak naturally. "I said it's heart had burst up, soaring, into a

a sure thing nobody will try to get rush of incoherent gratitude.

through tonight."The snow plow She remembered it now, fifteen

had struggled over the hill and disyears in the past as it was—the

appeared. utter relief that had been hers, there

"But they are, mama,"Ethel anin the snow, as Tom Hand drove nounced, her eyes still glued to the away, with herself and Fred in tribeautiful shades and tints in paints for peephole she had breathed on the umphant, weary possession of that all surfaces—interior and exterior

frosted pane, "there's a truck compile of snowcrusted, precious coal.

ing down the road now."BENNETT GLASS & PAINT CO.

They ran back to the window, C/LVIRA did not try to BlBS W. First South Salt Lake City

Elvira and Fred, and silently sleep again that night. She lay there Dealers throughout the Intermountain Country

watched the truck battle its way (Continued on page 244)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

The Clear Way {Continued from page 243) Already there are oyer 2500 turning these scenes of her life in her mind, gravely, thoughtfully.

When the light around the edges of the blind began to pink, she got up, HAMMOND ORGANS dressed quietly, and went down stairs. By seven o'clock she had

three crates of strawberries picked and stowed in the back seat of the old car. She put on a clean print

dress and her good straw hat, got in behind the wheel, and drove down the lane with her usual caution.

She proceeded down the highway, and up through the Ellis'yard to the

Enriching the Services of That Many Churches! kitchen gate. Minnie Ellis was in

Why Not Your Chapel? herpinkbackgingham,garden,in plumpspite ofandherfairgrayin

Never out of Tune—Easy to Play—Costs only as much as a good piano hair. She was watering her roses,

Concerts All Day—Every Day—During Conference at seventhirty of a Tuesday mornBy Mr. Seldon Heaps ing, for she had a hired girl in her

kitchen. Elvira greeted her.

"I brought you those strawberries said. she wanted,"you BROS. MUSIC CLEN CO

Ave. Ellis set 2546 Washington her hose and flut74 So. 2 BIG STORES Mrs. Main St.

Salt Lake City Ogden tered over. "Elvira! How nice of

you! But I thought you needed

them all yourself, this year. They're

so scarce."

"Won't be needing so many,"Elvira said dryly, "Jimmy's the one with the sweet tooth at our place, and he won't be there next winter."

there! You're not be "Won't

State College?"to him Drain, refill and sending

"He's going on a mission,"Elvira admitted briefly. She never spent

her words unnecessarily.

Minnie Ellis beckoned Elvira to follow her to> the summerhouse, and sat down to fan her flushed face with her garden hat. "Say that again, L- Elvira,"she begged. 1 Elvira repeated her news calmly.

Ellis put her hand to her PLATE Mrs. fluttery bosom. "I am glad you

came over. Do you know,"she W her voice to an excited whis- 7 CONOCO GERM lowered

per, "our Harold got his call yesterPROCESSED OIL day, too, and I haven't been able CONOCO to sleep, worrying about it, what with things so bad. But if you can

send Jim, we certainly ought to be able to send Harold."She clapped

her hand to her mouth. "Oh, I didn't mean—

ATTEND glanceBut Elviraconsideredwas nottheoffended.long EllisHer

dairy sheds, the poultry yard foamProvo School THE ORIGINAL ing with busy white hens. "Yes, I

The School Where Self Pi ere ini. Self Clinchinj think you might,"she agreed, then 1st 11 East

A Life's income for turned to her own affairs. "I

thought if I got to town early, I'd be able to get two or three of those

Send For Free Samples white shirts the Emporium have on special today. Might as well start

EG&S3&&5&S&5G&Si&2GG&2&5GG&J to get Jimmy's things ready."She

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

rose to go. "I'm glad Harold is going. Maybe they will be together."Bakes Minnie Ellis got up too. "Oh, I Iff irS MSREI THE NiV Broilsam too. I'll get your money for you. V Roasts

Boils perElvira, strength in a do put you EUREKA ELECTRIC RAHGE Toasts aboutson. up made You my mind

Harold for me,"she said earnestly, 'complete ELECTRIC Fries "and I think you're a marvel the way COOKERY FOR, Steams

Grillsyou can see your way clear to send m

J.lm. Elvira's sallow cheeks wrinkled /JUST PLUG IT IN FASTECONOMICAL

briefly in a smile, and her eyes were opaque for an instant, fixed on inAUTOMATIC ward things. "To tell you the truth, FREE HOME DEMONSTRATION DEPENDABLE

Minnie, I can see only as far as Made by the manufacturers of the famous EUREKA VACUUM CLEANERS

CITY EUREKA VACUUM CLEANER COMPANY, SALT LAKE

Phone: Was. 4764these shirts I'll get with the straw177 E. Broadway

berry money, but somehow I'm not afraid, any more. We don't need

the way lighted too far ahead, not when we have—faith. It all comes

out right, when you go ahead and do the right thing."

And Minnie Ellis watched her get—ain herslight,battereddeterminedcar andfiguredrive facingaway

the strong light of the morning sun.

Agriculture <m—A Foundation of Welfare

{Continued from page 228) greatly improves the prosperity of an entire region. It is desired, thereHhKhy said the proud

fore, by the committees, that all poshost, "is one refrigerator sible new crops be canvassed in "LISTEN TO youVe never heard! And

order to determine their adaptability never will! Servel Electroluxfor the various regions. The comsimply can't make a noise.mittee also wishes to promote the THIS FOR A

establishment of local factories to A tiny gas flame does all the transform the cheap agricultural work. There are NO MOVproducts into more expensive comGOOD ONE!. ING PARTS in its freezing

modities of commerce. The adsystem. And that's important

vantage of these factories is that for a lot of other reasons, too they not only give a more permanent market to the products of the farm, It means no moving parts to wear. And low operbut that they frequently furnish emating cost that stays low. Servel actually pays for

ployment to the farmers during the itself with the money it saves year after year!"

periods of little work on the farm.

For example, one can scarcely overestimate the value of the beet sugar industry to the agriculture of areas in which factories have been successfully established. A definite

cash crop is assured at a price that is usually known in advance. The

fertility of the soil is improved by the tillage which is required for beet growing; the byproducts, such as

pulp, beet tops, and molasses, make possible the feeding of extra livestock which brings additional manure to the land. The thinning, cultivation, and harvesting of the beetsmake profitable employment for the MOUNTAIN FUELiUPPLY COMPANY

various members of the family, and 36 South State Serving twentythree the manufacturing of sugar gives Salt Lake City Utah Communities regular work during the slack winter season. (Concluded on page 246).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

AGRICULTURE-A FOUNDATION OF WELFARE {Concluded from page 245) mittee that agriculture is so imporThe Judicious Use of Water tanteverythingto the welfareshould ofbe thedonepeopleto makethat

HThroughout most of the area of it as attractive and desirable as posthe West, agricultural profit is sible. A general agricultural comtied up largely with the use of irrimittee has been established. This is

gation water. Land is plentiful but composed of outstanding men, some

water is scarce. This means that of whom are national and internathose who wish to succeed should tional authorities in their fields. This

make a careful study of irrigation. committee has biweekly meetings

If water is wasted, the land will be in which it goes over the agricultural destroyed by the leaching of the problems that arise. In addition to

fertility, by erosion of the rich top the general committee, regional agrisoil, and by water logging which cultural committees are being organcomes from excessive irrigation. Goized to consider the problems of some

ing along with irrigation, and supof the larger localities. In turn, stake

will committees agricultural certain local condiplementing it under and NEWM. H. THOMPSONGRAND

the tions, is drainage. the more local with Manager to care for Even up be set AT FOURTH SOUTHHOTELAND MAIN STREET most careful methods of irrigation needs.

there is an accumulation of water in From the foregoing it is evident certain low areas and there may in that the Church Welfare Plan, in some places be an accumulation of its attempt to promote permanent detrimental quantities of alkali salts. economic security for the people,

This means that if the farms are to will give large attention to the probbe preserved, a knowledge of the lems of agriculture. This will be

principles of drainage must be obaccomplished through organization tained. and by the utilization of all known

agencies and sources of information

The Agricultural Committees which will make for more profitableARDEN

REDCAP Tt Generalearly becameChurch obviousWelfare toComthe andriculture.more permanent systems of agQUESTIONS TO BE ASKED LATTERDAY SAINTS

(Continued from page 211) water from a poor man's field. He MILK animals'trespassing in another was convicted before the bishop's

"In the was: the verdict and the minutes of a court man's field. I have Finer Flavor and Extra are to measure threshers fall the trial for infraction court bishop's an

Quality of that rule: your land and determine your yield

A farmer tethered his animals per acre. They shall do the same

robbed. the Then also with field you his property rope near a longPhone—Was. 986 1030 So. Main with his bin an deliver into shall you in his that feed could they line so

Visit the New Modern Arden Dairy neighbor's land. He argued that he amount that will make his yield per

had a right to drive his tether stakes acre the same as your land yielded.

as near to the line as he wished and, That difference is the amount of since there was no fence law, it was grain that the water you stole has up to his neighbor to guard his own produced."The culprit proposed

of full turn his next jured person the trespass, cious bishop withbut orrtR.. we land. He was convicted of maliinstead that he would give the indouble return would which water until the decision held hay was ready A COMPLETE

stolen. he had of water the amount SERVICE ENGRAVING cut. that the then to ordered He

Portraits to the Largest From Missionary "a bishop, the answered "No,"to to cut guilty and deliver was man Catalogues

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention his neighbor's stackyard an amount belated application of water can crop, revive his withered scarcely animals the equal to hay his hay 113 RegentUTAHSt. ENGRAVINGSalt Lake City,CO.Utah of land off your the water and taking to the judge bishop trampled, had

when he had hauled enough. The now may injure your crop. You

offender was also to make public both then would be the losers."

confession of his sin and ask forgive- "But,"said the thief, "your decisionENROLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW ness. imposes on me the labor and ex-

$25. Discount on a Complete Water Rights pensethat is notof harvestingfair."Thehisbishop'sgrain clasand CULTURE IN BEAUTY COURSE

A State Accredited School A nother interesting trial involved sic answer was: "You borrowed

question No. 16: "Have you his grain without his consent and

Culture of Beauty SchoolOgden it to irrigate water taken when you must return it without his benow

Theatre OGDEN, UTAH Over Egyptian time at the person to another longed assistance."

Name you used it?"A certain member Father W. and his son Jack

Address..City..State went out at night and stole the (Continued on page 248)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

llllli

HWHBWBWWBBBMMiaiMIII SKSKbu&&\:? k r '-- irnmm.

MAIN BUILDING

1939 SUMMER SESSION AT THE UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE

Begins June 12 and Continues for Six Weeks

Together with eminent visiting educators, the resident faculty members will offer courses in graduate and undergraduate work in numerous divisions of the College.

EDUCATION: ENGLISH:

DR. RALEIGH SCHORLING, University of Michigan. DR. LOUIS ZUCKER, University of Utah.

ROMA GANS, Teachers College, Columbia University.

SUPERINTENDENT R. F. CAMPBELL, Preston Schools. PHILOSOPHY:

DR. JOHN A. WIDTSOE.

LITERATURE: DR. F. L. WEST.

DR. J. DUNCAN SPAETH, University of Wichita, Formerly Lecturer at Princeton. PHYSICAL EDUCATION:

of the DR. Secretary Executive N. P. NIELSEN, AsAmericanMATHEMATICS: for sociation Health, Recreation, Physical Education and

E. Statistical A. DR. Senior Analyst Mathematical BRANDT, D. C. Washington,

of Soil D. C. the Service Conservation at Washington,

DR. CHARLES F. SMITH, Educational advisor for the Boy

CHILD DEVELOPMENT: Scouts of America, New York City.

ELIZABETH LEE VINCENT, MerrillPalmer School in Detroit. COACHING SCHOOL:

ART AND MUSIC: LYNN WALDORF, Northwestern University (Football).

HAZEL GERTRUDE KINSCELLA, University of Nebraska. FORREST COX, University of Colorado (Basketball).

MABEL WILKERSON, Montreal School of Interior Decoration, C. L. GROVERT, Wauneta Public Schools, Wauneta, Nebraska

Montreal, Canada. (Sixman Football).

DAILY LECTURE PROGRAM DR. ARTHUR H. COMPTON, Physics DR. W. E. BLATZ, Child Development

PROFESSOR EDWARD DAVISON, Literature DR. J. D. SPAETH, Literature

and others REGULARLY SCHEDULED POST SESSION

July 25 to August 18 UTAH STATE AGRICULTURALREQUEST A CATALOGUE COLLEGE

LOGAN, UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

QUESTIONS TO BE ASKED LATTERDAY SAINTS! {Continued from page 246) than baptizing; and taking the name

collided in the bishops'court with of the Lord in vain is against the

Question No. 24: "Do you preside town ordinance and I intend to hand

over your household as a servant of her over to the City Council and will last farthing have to pay the family to she subject is your God and iniquity."also for her She made into you?"been hailed had They

court for disturbing the peace. Fahumble confession on the next Sabrelenting bishop, the from and 3&* ther his said son bath he asked had W. her. indignation, his forgave certain piece to of a do and work

is It interesting that beto note refused. the Father boy had W. law these cases there hind no was after that then look proposed Jack luxury of beauty and The fact the a Church, the of save law things at while he and went home bishop the the "common which made oi the preservaeconomy did the refused again work. Jack

civil in Israel."as far law judge So the father to enforce and undertook tion hand go hand in when this country was still was concerned, yelled obedience. shouted and They

you paint your home—inat each other and Jack used profane pretty much the "wild and woolly

colthe as to but West,"Mormon language, the father took side whereupon FULLER and out—with rules the conduct Christian of to onies, the threatened gun and down Paints. quality FULLER old in catechism the and as outlined

if did shoot not he do what Jack adds value to your home was told. Jack walked up and took elsewhere held the people to stand- a peoof equity and right. To from his father, gun when ards away that far exceeds the cost. the in the implicitly believe ple who interceded the mother and quieted

the angry men. Both were excomdivine authenticity of their religion,

municated from the Church, the fato be cut off the Church is punishther for his inability to govern his ment more terrible than fines or family and the son for disobedience prison bars.

the thing important about The and for using profane and abusive courts the deis not early bishops'language.

interestcisions they down, handed both the following Sunday On posithe are, but unique as ing these in their to appeared Church makeFULLER early in tion the courts held Morforgive- ask acknowledgments and all life. tried community They mon ness. in that taking said Father W. rights, cases: property of sorts intention the gun had he no down

torts, redomestic claims, disputes, his PAINT injuring son. of the knew He inthat lations, in short everything

behavior. were They human into to scare the obevolves thought boy the that largely arbiters WALLPAPER gun was not loaded, and had only the shaped his dience. conJack made When in relationship a pattern of human said, fession scare did not he "He

civil law. established land without "he, too, for a d worth knew

Rules evidence of know as we that the loaded. not gun was They

in little consideration them had GLASS forgiven, humble, were and were trials, even precedents and Church after out meeting, the bishop went the directly less. to judge went The rebaptized them. and See case your LOCAL FULLER of every core unhampered by

PAINT DEALER for all your Sharp Tongues legal technicalities. One could

never foretell what decision would spring renovation materials: HThe sisters were sometimes "overcome out of the courts, but as the

taken Adversary"by the trial recold surveys those and student account. Sister to to be brought Paint that lasts; Wallpaper had that what ords in retrospect he sees

that beautifies; Waxes; Pol- R. and Sister W., neighbors, one did come out was generally wholeishes; Glass; Mirrors. time fell out with each other. They some and reasonably just.

quarreled and said "catty"things.

Sister R, had a tongue that wagged The "Lost and Found Agent"at both ends. She called Sister W.

vile and abusive names and in her N the 1850's there was no newsanger took the name of the Lord in I paper or other means of publicavain, all of which was in violation tion in Southern Utah, except anof questions Nos. 9 and 19. nouncements in Church. The minIn the trial Sister W. was exonutes of those meetings, therefore,

erated by the bishop, but Sister R. contain many matters that would not

was cut off the Church for "using now seem to pertain to a religious

W. P. FULLER & CO. vileing aandSaint,profaneand moreover,"language unbecomsaid the service.meeting aAtcertainalmostmaneveryaroseSundayand

Salt Lake SXjrN and Ogden bishop, "if Brother R. wants to conmade such an announcement as this:

trol his wife he must round up his "I have in my possession a hammer, shoulders for a good hard task. If knife, chain, singletree, and a coat.

he would give her a good sound The owners may have them by givwhipping, it would do her more good {Continued on page 250)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

TO THE TURN

RIGHT KIND OF MOTOR OIL fo r Sp ring

It's time to have winterworn oil drained, and replaced with fresh clean Vico. Your Vico dealer

knows the grade of oil your engine needs at this time of year. Drive in and get this important motor protection.

MOTORICOOIL MOTOR OIL

IN UTAH AND IDAHO PEP88,GASOLINE STATIONS EVERYWHERE

THE IMPROVEMENTERA, APRIL, 1939

Questions To Be Asked the Latterday Saints Good Bread Makes the Meal {Continued from page 248)

identification."ing satisfactory This

lost of advertising Better for Everyone custom and found goods carried down well to

You enjoy Royal Bread bethe end of the century.

cause it tastes good... is The man who made the announcement was the ward "Lost and Found

good... and is good for Agent."He was appointed by the

you. Diet authorities say bishop and like every other officer

was sustained by vote of the people.

you can eat four slices of Anyone losing an article filed a bread a day and still reduce. description of it with this agent, and

whoever might find an article and it belonged fiui&h did not know to whom took it to the agent. If, after a

EVERY DAY AT YOUR GROCER'S mm month of advertising, the agent did Pi n e not find the owner, he turned the

Lake BAKING CO., Salt ROYAL & Ogden MeaD articleprivilegedbackthereafterto the finder,to usewhoit aswashis

Mueller,100% President George Home Owned own. To keep a found article without so reporting it was so dishonorable that it bordered on stealing.

One of my first Sunday School lessons was on the iniquity of that old couplet: "Losers weepers, finders ASK YOUR GROCER FORkeepers."When the United Order

FLEiSCHMANN'S HIGH VITAMIN YEAST waswrote incorporated,into its bylawsthethemembersfollow-

Helps supply the vitamins you need. Start now to eat 2 cakes ing: "Article 7, That which is not

every day. entrusted to our care we will not

ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS appropriateThat which towe ourborrowuse. weArticlewill re-8.

Seven delicious flavors—lemon, orange, cherry, strawberry, turn,not appropriateand that whichto ourwe usefindbutwe willwill

raspberry, pineapple, lime. And use Royal Salad Gelatin for seek to return it to its proper

salads, appetizers and main course dishes. owner."

ROYAL PUDDINGS The Community Roundup

Made with wholesome arrowroot. Three flavors—Chocolate, Questions 13 and 14 of the old

Vanilla and Butterscotch. Also make delicious homemade ice - Catechism were the basic

cream. laws of the livestock industry:

ROYAL BAKING POWDER mal"Havethat youyou didbrandednot knowan toanibe

The only nationallydistributed baking powder made with cream your own?"In that early day every

of tartar. Dependable and economical. family—the widow, the cripple, the

poor man and the wellto-do—had

cattle on the range. During the

*(}4BCl<> ()(} -4 winter many animals strayed long distances from the home range and it

WATCHES, DIAMONDS. I i wasgo andimpossiblesearch forfor theirevery own.family Toto

! Payments! Easy, JEWELRY,

j WATCHES, Missionaries—on j LADIES MALE MKED meetspring thisand fallcondition,roundupscommunitywere or- | PENS, ETC. FOUNTAIN WATCHDiscountsREPAIRS.to

cattle all belonging the and CO. ganized BEESLEY MUSIC

in. j brought the to Those were town

70 So. j I Main WasatchCRUSER9617 JEWELRY4iy2 So. Main St. distant the horses rode had men who

ranges and those who had none HOTEL LANKERSHIM INVITATIONS OR went on foot as far out as they

BROADWAY & ANNOUNCEMENTS 7th the from poor safeguard could. To WEDDING

(All Paneled) from loss weakling the moral and haiceHED(DoubleRATESor Twins) Booklet Plan To Your Wedding"Free "How $3.50 all that $3.00 the custom temptation, was of Lettering Beautiful Styles *n R. Wl< $2.50FRANK lfin**'*'including envelopes in the pubto |JJ*J*JU<tJC CQ branding be done was

Postage Prepaid Orders Samples—All LOS ANGELES see. might everyone Salt City lic corrals where 3rd Ave., Lake 'TWO PERSONS nncrttUbb, 555 - 0KE CHARGE-'r'/'MST'*tUtiUWrite fort1. 8081-M Was. Phone on (Continued page 252)

INTRODUCTION OF phet ( Doctrine and Covenants, Section At a Conference held October 2,

BAPTISM FOR THE DEAD 127) explaining in detail that there 1841, President Joseph Smith an- "pOR the first time in modern days should be a witness, who must see and nounced * "this most glorious of all subjects hear and then testify of a truth, to the This doctrine: presents in a clear light

belonging to the everlasting Gospel, viz., baptisms that were performed. the wisdom and mercy of God in preparing

dead, of for the salvation the ordinance an speakPresident Woodruff, Wilford announced for the dead"wasbaptism retheir names proxy, baptized being by ing of the teachings Proof the early in Prophet 1840. theto world The accordjudged they in heaven, and corded in the phet as recorded Journal Joseph it first publicly of spoke SmithJoseph in body. the ing to done deeds said: 5, Vol. Discourses, o/

it services of funeral Seymour in the behalfat neglect Saints who Those

Brunson, who died August 10, 1840. How was it in that day in reference to of their deceased relatives, do it at the peril

that things practaught and were shall salvation. be no There their of own the many 4, 1840, OctoberLater, Sunday, on

ticed? at All once, revealed but not was until ordithe for the dead, baptisms more "the discourse delivered on aProphet principle, the a the Prophet Lord showed in the Lord's to attended be nance can multivast a to for the dead"baptism it the to acted according people and upon shall not anhold the Church House; and

interest. great listened withtude light the who the All perhad. they which until they meet can conference general other

He made it known that by proxy, bapfection and glory of it was not revealed in said House. For thus saith the Lord.

tism could be administered for the dead, at first; but, as fast as it was revealed, the

that it would give them the same adpeople endeavored to obey. I will bring President Wilford Woodruff in his

that the will thing one up which show through mortals enjoy says: 179,vantages which page

I for Journal, position baptism take is correct—viz., the intobaptism and confirmation there was a meeting 11th of June first On the that revealed, the dead. was When

Church here. we rejoiced in it; and, as soon as we had of the Saints in the Temple wherein the

On September 21, 1823, three years an opportunity, we began to be baptized Prophet addressed those present upon vafor the dead, as baptism such subjects rious first for for his the dead. would be baptized receivedafter Smith had man Joseph A

glory, of different degrees spirits prison, in I female. heard male and moment The to both appearedvision, the Angel Moroni

ordinances temple the Godhead. and it, it The for of soul joy; leaped with was my instructions, giving after and, somehim he Prophet's the and mind occupying were I felt interested. subject in deeply which a of the prophecies to him Oldquoted of completion the strenuously urging was I all for baptized forward and went was

Testament, among them the 5th and my dead relatives I could think of, both the temple. To its sacred ordinances he

6th verses of the fourth chapter of male and female, as did others; but, afterattached the highest importance and, indeed,

Malachi, which Moroni quoted thus: wards, we obtained more light upon the he declared them necessary to a fulness of

Behold, I will reveal unto you the Priestsubject, and President Young taught the the glory of God.... The doctrine of

hood, by the hand of Elijah the prophet, people that men should attend to those baptism for the dead is clearly shown in before the coming of the great and dreadordinances for the male portion of their the New Testament, and if the doctrine is ful day of the Lord. dead friends, and females for females. This not good, then throw away the book; but

And he shall plant in the hearts of the showed the order in which those ordinances if it is the word of the Lord, let the children the promises made to the fathers, should be administered, which ordinances doctrine be acknowledged as coming from and the hearts of the children shall turn to had before been revealed, and shows us that him.

their fathers. If it were not so, the whole we are in a school where we shall be conearth would be utterly wasted at his coming. stantly learning. Again, on page 155, he says:

to Brigham returned then this Twelve The promise that declared Moroni this doctrine after rewas Soon in counoccupied and were home Young's fulfilled. 3, April to be soonwas On

in individuals the baptized vealed, they in afternoon cil were the until four when the restored Elijah and 1836, came in font basethe the baptismal it to repaired relatives. for river dewas Thensealing the of Priesthood which power It was Temple. the of... ment Nauvoo that for to cided baptisms properly be administer to ordinances authoritygave It the interesting scene. truly was an officially baptizers should apdone, be before, as never the dead. for the Then, for first dispensation this built in font leaders. early pointed Church by The the in which Gospel this glorious provisions docunderstand the Prophetdid

) ( Illinois branch, of the records Quincy of dead. the the redemption for provided restorathe oftrine, the meaning and

tell far of baptismal a from not Nauvoo, Smith It Joseph dedicated was by sealing the oftion the of power keys in of the held congregation house meeting Melvin large the Twelve. and PresidentA signifithe also Priesthood,of and the of about baptism witness the to assembled the give records Wilbur, names These declaration. of Moroni's previouscance Heber Young, forty persons Brigham by for baptized of those and were who In the Prophet 1840, October, Joseph Elder WilTaylor. Kimball, and C. John their to relationship them. and whom, to theSmith myself wrote Twelve: Smith, and lard Richards, George A. further that records on show Quincy in I first public doctrine the confirming in them. mentioned assisted

when preaching the funeral sermon of November 15, 1840, two Elders were This font was enclosed by a temporary

Brother Seymour Brunson; and have since appointed to be baptizers. Nauvoo frame building sided up with split oak clapthen given general instructions in the Church records tell of many baptisms performed boards, with a roof of the same material.

on the subject. The Saints have the privin the Mississippi River by the Saints The water was supplied from a well 30 feet

their for of thoseilege baptized of of {Docthe basement. east being end in the deep the to bring opportunity embraced who

believerelatives dead, they are page 446.) trinal Church, the who History who of blessings the the within of the Gospel

if the Gospel, they have embracedwould kindred. of their departed reach this the Prophet it, time Joseph on hearing privileged with and Fromhad been

who have received the Gospel in the spirit, January 19, 1841, just three months Smith in his sermons, letters, epistles, through the instrumentality of those who after Joseph Smith's epistle to the and revelations, encouraged the Saints have been commissioned to preach to them Twelve on October 19, 1840, a revelato seek after their dead and be bapwhile in prison. tion was received by the Prophet for tized for them. In the fervor of his

to Saints build the the a house "for members joy the Church With much in contemplating exclaimed, soul he

... therein; for to great of thisreceived dwell the announcement High Most all subjects beglorious of "this most

truth. Some of the Saints were very a baptismal font there is not upon the longing to the everlasting Gospel,"

this that that they, earth, privilege be aboutzealous bapmay new my Saints, of forth anthems the speak dead Let for this for are into dead; the tized those to them, and wenthad who come

to the Immanuel, eternal King praise who house, ordinance belongethMississippi baptized River and and were to my that the was, before world hath ordained for their kindred dead. For a short cannot be acceptable to me, only in the which would enable us to redeem them out

time no records were kept. days of your poverty, wherein ye are of their prison; for the prisoners shall go

A revelation was given to the Pronot able to build a house unto me."free.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

QUESTIONS TO BE ASKED LATTERDAY SAINTS

THE ADVERTISERS (Continued from page 250) Personal and Community and Where You Will Find The finding of a fresh brand on the Hygiene

Their Messages range at any other season was eviTn mapping out their program for dence that the owner would bear spiritual cleanliness our moral and Beesley Music Co 250 watching. fail to see Beneficial fathers did not pioneer Life Insurance Co

Back Cover The riding of horses caught on that it was necessary also to be

Bennett Glass and Paint Co 243 the range (rule 14) was permissible clean physically. They wrote into University Brigham 255 Young

Case, J. I. Co -199 under certain conditions, but always this remarkable catechism a question

Continental Oil Co 244 a man must report such usage to that to us is not without humor:

Cruser Jewelry 250 the owner and must hold himself "Do you wash your body and have

Cunard White Star Steamship responsible for any loss or injury your family do so as often as health

Co 196 caused. and cleanliness require and circumDeseret Book Co 223

Deseret News Press 254 stances will permit?"In these MorEureka Vacuum Co.....245 A Timely Commentary mon colonies the bath was taught

First Security Corporation 253 duty. not only a religious as It was 15, 25, questions Nos. and Curely T. Ford Rose 250 health of culture but a and matter

.... Fuller Paint Co. 248 day. 26 hark a bygone back to

for the preparation also a necessary Ghirardelli's Chocolate 226 in principles are embodied them The

Bros. Glen day. of the Music Sabbath 244 observance

still, in theory, perhaps, but accepted Mills Globe 227 in the people were living When vital their lamentably, force - seems Hotel Lankershim 250

Interstate Brick Co 200 to have lapsed. No interrogations dugouts and wagon boxes, facilities

International that for bathing so Harvester meagre were Co I of directly think 197 that can go more

Inside KSL Back Cover ocpermitted they have been might stability the to heart of economic L. D. S. Business College 242 casionally to the bath puriforego questions. these three Violathan Midwest Dairy Products 246

in fication, especially winter, but simple, Fuel selfevident Mountain tion these of Supply 245 Co

New Grand Hotel.. 246 principles of fair play to everybody every week or two came the Teachof School Ogden Beauty Culture..246 question: ers old the you with "Do is for largely presresponsible our Provo of School Culture..244 Beauty etc. bodies,"must There your ent dilemma. laws have been bathe Many Prudential Federal Savings and

if it either, lying about no and be regulatin state Loan passed and nation 1 98

Quish School of Beauty Culture..226 ing the relationships of worker and the Teachers shut their eyes to sin

Hills Rose Memorial 193 Park compounded it upon their own has they employer, but every of them one Royal Baking 250 Co heads. selfish interests sponsored been by Stores Safeway 229

Salt Lake Cabinet 199 on one side or the other. We plunged That "cleanliness is next to godSalt Lake Milk Producers'Ass'n.-226 ourselves into financial chaos by liness,"has always been axiomatic

Salt Lake Stamp Co 244 recklessly spending our private among the Latterday Saints and it

Shell Oil Inside Front Cover Standard Brands 250 credit without prospect of paying, was stressed in pioneer times as much

Sugar House Lumber 193 and now we are so squandering our as any other thing. While the

Taylor Jewelry Co 199 public credit. What will happen catechism does not mention it speUnion Pacific Stages..- 198 when that is gone? Is it not time cifically, the cleansing of the home

of -198 University Utah also for the Sabbath emday was to ask: again seriously you "Have 246 Engraving Utah Co floors to phasized. be were in paying your your promises Wood 255 fulfilled Insurance Fire Utah Co Home

Utah Oil Refining Co.... 249 debts, or run into debt without prosscrubbed and dirt floors even of the

Utah Poultry Producers'Ass'n....255 pect of paying?"crudest, temporary huts, sprinkled

Savings and Trust Utah Co 243 to fresh sand. with were Hearths you labored "Have And further: ColIege..247 Agricultural State Utah clean washed, be whitened, windows faithfully the and earned 196 diligently College Woodbury

Z. C. M. 1 195 wages paid you by your employer?"curtains hung, and, clean linen

"Do you oppress the hireling in his spread. Even the Indians were

wages?"If the working men of taught that their sick members must

America would write into their code be thoroughly washed before theThe Church Moves On of ethics the principle of earning white men would pray for them.

( Conctuded from page 225 faithfully the wages paid them, and The United Order considered if all as scrupulous for employers were importance, of first cleanliness as will Play,the Passion be reenacted in his hireling to oppress the not into their principle the they wrotethis 9, at the April Sunday, year on foot of the Great White Throne in wages, the two forces which now bylaws. Article 5 reads: "We

Zion Canyon, from which the specsurvey each other from opposing will observe personal cleanliness tacle derives its name. Made possible camps with suspicion and mistrust, and preserve ourselves in all chasthrough the cooperation of church, would soon find themselves on tity.... We will also discouncivic, and national park officials of common and harmonious ground* tenance and refrain from all vulgar

Southern Utah, from whose communIt would be hopeinspiring if some and obscene language and conduct."

ities is drawn the dramatic and musical statesman would take his stand The position of the Church in this fortalent the the production, sacred instead issues these squarely on in a clearly forth set of matter was in attracted spectators 10,000drama might be not straddling them. He H. preached William by sermon script has prepared been by1938. The truly more elected, but he would Stake of Parowan Dame, President Agriculof theGrant Redford Branch

tural College at Cedar City. Henry serve his country if he made us conin 1856. Quoting from the minute

E. Peterson, also of Cedar City, is scious once more of the righteousbook, "he said that the dividing line

general chairman of the committees on ness of these civil and social oblibetween the righteous and the wickarrangements. gations. (Concluded on page 255}

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

To help you get ahead We are prepared with experience and modern banking facilities to cooperate with you in your efforts to get ahead financially.

We urge you to make use of all the many banking services we make available....

FIRST SECURITY BANK OF UTAH

NATIONAL ASSOCIATION WITH BRANCHES AT OGDEN, LOGAN, PROVO,

BINGHAM, MAGNA, PARK CITY, RICHMOND

FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF SALT LAKE CITY WITH BRANCHES AT SUGARHOUSE AND TOOELE

FIRST SECURITY TRUST CO.

SALT LAKE CITY FIRST SECURITY BANK OF IDAHO WITH BRANCHES AT BOISE, BLACKFOOT, EMMETT, GOODING,

HAILEY, IDAHO FALLS, JEROME, MONTPELIER, MOUNTAIN

HOME, NAMPA, PAYETTE, POCATELLO, PRESTON, SHOSHONE

FIRST SECURITY BANK ROCK SPRINGS, WYO.

MEMBERS OF FEDERAL DEPOSIT INSURANCE CORPORATION

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

Solution of March puzzle Scriptural Crossword Puzzle—Hosea's Exhortation (Hosea 6:1)

P u B L 1 s H A N D $ s E J E R u- A L A L A R N A R M H 8>B BE YE K A R A T A s M 1 N 1 P W $j c N C E A L N T 8 u L A T E A D E I) E M & $

I I s N E T S A T A "R s fe r> N H T T E $ R $# & s L A B Y N A Y B $ IN A E B R u L k K E & i p"

1 L R E. S N 5 E A'N $

1 V A U E P E L N E T S fe S E $ 1 S 8* T A K E N XIOOCXX=Kx=xx=xx=x >c=k>oXZX>CXX=XX=XKTX

U/e Ca/2 / /o ACROSS

it ye house of..."stand 3 "and harken, 33 Let

. note "But.. found grace in the eyes 36 MinorG/oo Strongly 92 "Hear ye this,... priests"30 Funeral oration

11 "Hosea's Exhortations"were deof the Lord"

people the ways of the... are 40 "for.. IXrge. signed to secure this from the 38 "Therefore shall... land mourn"right"is no truth, nor mercy, nor 14 'there

knowledge of God... the land"41 Note

0That you bind your 1938 Im1615 'Therefore'there is one shall... untoa. all".. arise 4442 CitizenSon of Shobal;of the Unitedmoan States(anag.)

provement Eras in one dur18 Theamong"penny"thy people"of the New Testa4648 WiremanHigh priest and judge able, attractive volume. You ment 49 New Testament prophetess

more than double the value 2221 Female"They. singer.., but not to the most 5350 Capital"What willof Liberia,... doAfricain the solemn

of your subscription to this High"day"for they have 54... them! "Yet God"

"for I 55 fine publication by making 23 "Woefled from.. man". me"I amam. the.. Lordand not

readily accessible to the 24 Surrendered 56 Exclamation whole family the wonderful 25 "the.. words. commandments"of the covenant, the Our Text from Hosea is 2, 3, 22, 23,

reading material it contains. 27 "and brought him to an..."38, 40, 54, and 55 combined

29 ". the early dew it goeth away"

Handsome cloth binding, gold stamped, $2.00 per volDOWN

ume. 21 Generated"The Lord God hath... mine 26 Thewithveryhisfattwoedgedking thatswordEhud slew

ear"28 Builder of the wall of Jerusalem

Special reductions for quan- 3 Trespass 31 "For,..., they are gone because

tities. Write us about this 45 MatthewSun god is one 32 Untieof destruction"

offer. 6 "The... are a people not strong"34 Everlasting (poetic)

7 French coin 35 Menace 8 Geneva is on this lake 37 Genus of herbs, shrubs, and trees 9 Famous blind poet 39 Goddess of healing (Teut. Myth.)

10 "go down,., the pit"40 Powdered baobab leaves; ollaThe Deseret 12 Highest known mountain (anag.)

13 Growing out 43 "I will love them freely: for...

17 In the preceding month anger is turned away"News Press 19 A Benjamite; reversed, a state 45 Silver State

29 Richards Street 20 "say... him, Take away all in47 The earth shall reel to and..."

iquity, and receive us graciously"50... people are destroyed for lack

Salt Lake City, Utah 23 One, a prefix of knowledge"24 when I have preached to others, 51 Worthless xr*xzx>cxx=x ><=< ><rxx<xrxxrx x=x><zx><zxx=>< x: I myself should be a..."52 Alleged force; good ending

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, APRIL, 1939

Questions To Be Asked SaintsLatterday

(Concluded from page 252) Broad Horizons Beckon

Teachers and officers of Church organizations as well as of the schools will find in ed was now drawn, that we must Brighamto greaterYoungintellectualUniversityand spiritualSummer horizons.Session anA excellentfull quarter'sopportunitywork mayto stridebe completedforward

cleanse our bodies with pure water in the two terms.

at least once a week, with all our Of special value will be the annual Conference on Education, June 19 to 23. National

household; cleanse our habitations specialists on the Summer School faculty will lead discussions. Participants may earn

also both inside and out, and the regular college credit in five days'attendance.

same should be inspected by the FIRST TERM: JUNE 13 TO JULY 22

Ward Teachers when they make their visits."ALPINE TERM: JULY 25 TO AUGUST 26

The principle was carried also to FOR CATALOG, WRITE DEAN OF SUMMER SESSION the cleansing of the community. The

ofinfluence ancient Israel on its University Brigham Young in of the wildernesscounterpart PROVO, UTAH

Southern Utah is revealed in the conviction of one Urban Van for the sale in the of of an ox meat Parowan SPECIAL to Sunrise the EasierANNOUNCEMENT hear presented broadcast You are invited by Brigham Young murrain."that "bloody of had died

the University of nationwide over network the Columbia Broadcasting System,Van was publicly ostracised and at 6:00 a. m. (M. S. T.) on Sunday, April 9th.

summarily cut off the Church, and the bishop ordered that on the following Sabbath morning, "All the meat, candles, soap, hide, fat, and everything pertaining to the Urban

Van ox, which had not been used, be taken to the foot of the mountain and there burned as a sin offering."

Thus was Israel cleansed of iniquity and filth. To many this comin disposingmotion and ceremony mar r/ne the remainsof of the dead ox may

sound foolish, even fanatical, but it served to impress most vividly upon the people the wickedness of sellingpolluted foods. CJua/iAr

Although the people were far reNot only must "Milk White"Eggs pass highmoved from the exactions of constandard grading tests, but their "family ventionalized society, they set up line"is good. Most "Milk White"Eggs are

in the wilderness these elemental from scientific Poultry Farms where special true refinement of stones I.corner and A. the Attend M. Cookcare feeds and scientific of produce eggs at Lincoln ing School sufferculture. not would They

13. April House Ward quality unsurpassed richness. and And into indolent, lapse tothemselves Milk are beWhite Eggs

unwholesome, and untidy habits being used by the cooking they are yours at no extra cost. Ask your

cause they were out where cleanschool. grocer for them by name! Get the best!

liness was not imperative.

Utah Poultry Producers'Cooperative Ass'n

The Catechism Today '"The fundamental problems of life Hi have not changed since the days of the pioneers, though we are prone to think so. Every question of the

old catechism will still bear the most...careful study. There was no eva- A LITTLE LIGHT

sion of issues on the part of the early AA little light on your insurance will undoubtMormons in Utah. They looked edly reveal the fact that you are greatly undertheir problems squarely in the face insured. Think what it would mean if fire

and sought with honesty to solve destroyed your property.

them. This attitude of utter inbristlestegrity quesevery through

list, will look in UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.tion in the and one

vain for a more searching catechism See our agent in your town upon vital and practical principles HEBER J, GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

that affect the relationship of man with man and man with God.

pM&atidcQffl

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY! WHY MANDY TRIBULATED

for Mrs. Frisk, negress a Walker, a washed who Mandy die people to to refer number: should Fewer be used Fewer pity calculated to tale of with a one awaken came day woe than in today disease United States the from communicable

heart. in the hardest century ago. a

"There's consolingly. said up, Mrs. Frisk "Cheer Mandy,"value, refers Overproduction to degree, amount: Less

in worrying."use no less. worth makes money

dere's held views. other no use But come Mandy "How size: to Jane. pertains smaller than Smaller Mary is

in sends worryin'?"asked. she de good me Lawd "When

tribulation, He 'spects me to tribulate, don't He?"

Texas City, Texas, THE WRONG NUMBER Dear Sir:

Today coming from our tracting we called at the post office. He married a telephone girl. After a year or so of married

There waiting for us was the Era. Tonight after dinner life the nurse told him he was the father of triplets.

I started to look through it, as has been my custom since ar- "Just like her,"he said, "to get the wrong number!"

riving in the mission field two years ago. As I read your

I the Life of Business a Manager,"Page From feature, "A—%

to has contributed the stopped over the to ponder good Era efforts in the Mission the to serve Master. Home, While my there is the then And story of the wee miss who entertained

.. classes. to President one of our came Grant. He informed lustily: her singing family by

receive that a free each copy then would us month we the "Master, are raging; temples

this until that month, time of magazine. this, each From pillows are tossing high."

it its After reading message. enjoyed received and have weI The

investigators. of friends the placed and have hands And Submitted B. Martineau, by Irene

it I great to to that has opened homes wish many you it knowin Colonia Pacheco, Mexico.

I as to thought truths. never given a Gospel have we how

received it or of the expense involved. It is for this reason CONFIDENCE

this gratitude hurried expressing that note I write and you my Insurance Salesman: that you're married and have "Now

its help to relate for appreciation companion and how my the responsibility will of a wife, surely take out you want to the also feels. I read Last and before companion month Era my life insurance?"

it finish it to to the loaned opportunity I had a family. had Bridegroom: "Insurance? Shucks, no. Why she's not the bit of traveling. then a Since doing it has been good He is bit dangerous."

it before for giving a least admonishing he always had away me it. at {suspiciously) Customer is this waiter?"made, hash "How

it contains. appreciate it does and and the good do chanceWe it hash isn't Waiter: "Made accumulates."made, sir? Why,: it possible that appreciate and would you makes the work We

at an opportune time express our gratitude to our beloved

President for his thoughtfulness and farsightedness in making it a permanent organ in the missionary work. Thank you

and all concerned.

Sincerely, Elder R. A. Parker,

Houston, Texas, Dear Brother:

issue of the Improvement December Era just arrived. THE

covers for your outstanding Accept my congratulations of this splendid magazine, as well as for the material it contains each month.

May the Lord bless you in your work.

Sincerely, Lewella R. Christiansen.

- UGH!

Thornton, No. 1, Idaho Tourist (ro Indian): "White man glad to see red man.

Dear Sirs: White man hopes big Chief is feeling tiptop this morning."

husband and I are teaching school here in a rural section Indian {calling): "Hey Jake, come here and listen to this MY of Idaho and certainly appreciate our Church news combozo; he's great!"

ing to us through the Era.

Girls I conduct the Gleaner class and Mr. Murphy is in CLEARED THE LINE

the present time are conduct- I. A. Presidency. At the M. we

ing an Era subscription campaign which, it appears, is going A farmer wanted to telephone, but found the line busy. "I

to be very successful. just put on some beans for dinner,"he heard a woman say to

Wishing the Era continued success, I am, her neighbor.

Very truly yours, A few minutes later he tried again. The same two women

Louise Skidmore Murphy. were still talking.

-- "Say,There lady,was aI smellscream,yourtwobeansreceiversburning,"wentheupbrokeand in.the line

Glendale, California was open. Capper's Weekly.

Dear Editors: February 5, 1939.

wish to congratulate you who have worked to make The SHE MIGHT LIKE THE IDEA

I Improvement Era an uplift to any home which is fortunate "We were slowly starving to death,"said the great explorer, enough to have opened its cover, and found the precious at the boarding house table, "but we cut up our boots and knowledge it contains. It has been a pearl of my life for over made soup of them."

thirty years. "Sh-h-h! Not so loud,"exclaimed a fellow boarder. "The

Margaret Coleman McKendry. landlady might hear you."

;x,r.,,j mmy.t

! 'l BK.K;**..? 4f%><\

1. -41:

;':"t- Audi ence soeen an nseen r*<-*

Throughout tha world, the semiannual terruption. To the seen audience as it

conferences of the Latterday Saints are gathers for conference, and to the un- a matter of interest and of news. Alert seen audience, each moment of these

stirring meetings is broadcast accurately to the preferences of its listeners, KSL and with fidelity.

serves the thousands who listen with a

Another of its many contributions to furdirect broadcast of all general confer- f thering the interests of church, school ence sessions.

and state, KSL is proud to continue this

This has been a KSL policy for the past service expected exclusively of 'The inVoice of the West". seventeen years—continued without

THE VOICE

OF THE WEST KSL mmm::

S*tlSv

*i -: ns out fathers U

hent 1.(1 lo "<* On lM """

If**!!

liift r

Pi

Mm,

. Utah's First House.

Standing on Temple Block Salt Lake City

A aeanE Heber J. Grant, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah