J*i*'4

I

HWt

ft,:''"''y/ary /,9,

"''"''".:;: ii;.: %; '....:: - ':": -'-::i:i:

BffiiP'

Wife- '; Get the extra advantages of education in a great church university

Attend BYU where academic, physical, spiritual training are balanced in an ideal social climate

Through its democratic spirit, counseling facilities, reliREMEMBER THESE DATES gious activities, pleasant residences and extensive student activities, BYU retains all the friendliness of a Second Semester Registration small college while providing all the advantages of a February 4 and 6, 1961 big university. Students come from every state and many

foreign countries, and because of superior training are Workshop Week in demand over the nation. They study on this fast June 12 through 16, 1961

growing, beautiful campus with finest facilities and staffed with an outstanding faculty trained in a hundred Summer School Registration universities and colleges. June 19, 1961

Brigham Young University PROVOUTAH THINNER CRISPER FRESHER BY DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Winter Driving Hazards %v A report by Professor A. H. Easton,

chairman of the committee on winter driving hazards of the National

Safety Council, to the First International Skid Prevention Conference, purity SUPREME summarizes some of winter test results as follows: 1. The most hazardous winter SALTINES

surface condiis tion ice... and in a near are all new

freezor at the & ing tempera- v ture. 2. Braking bright new

5- -<, --.y=-::u. s v—ar* distances on

surfaces winter package "'are the order of 3 to 12 times as great as those on bare pavement. 3. With chains and

traction devices, smooth tires should not be used.

Regular tires are inadequate under many winter conditions; winterized

tires (tread treatment and additives) provide better traction on ice but not much improvement in snow over regular tires; mudsnow tires of

provide designmodern better snow tires, m traction than regularand ice embedded metal coils or serpentine ribs afford better snow and ice traction than regular tires and are effective on wet ice; sanders have

performance outstanding in traction on ice only; round tire chains have

good stopand-go performance on ice and snow, but low skid resistance Try new Supreme Saltines (formerly Saltine Crackers by compared to reinforced tire chains, Purity)... and enjoy the thinnest, crispest, freshest

which have the best overall persaltines you've ever eaten. Serve them with hearty hot

formance on ice and snow. soup... rich, spicy chili... your favorite snack

cheeses and spreads. They're the saltines you've

Insect Antifreeze known and liked for years—now better than ever.

Some insects keep from freezing solid by making glycerol in amounts which depend on the surrounding At your grocer's—look for the Supreme diamond on the

temperature. Fishes seem to have sparkling new red and green package

variable amounts of antifreeze substance in the blood to prevent freezPurity Biscuit Co., Salt Lake PURITYing. Co., Denver Bowman Biscuit SUPREME*"SALTINES

Biscuit Divisions Co. of America of United

FEIiRUAHY 65 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of the Church, of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for February 1961 Volume 64, Number 2

Church Features

Editor's Page: Life Carves Character in Living Faces,

President David O. McKay 78 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Your Question: Salvation of Those Who Died Without the Law, Photographs

President Joseph Fielding Smith 80 Church Information Service, 78

Kelvin Wallace Coventry, 90, 91

The Church Moves On, 76; Melchizedek Priesthood, What is the Doctrine of the Priesthood? Deserct News, 114, 115

114; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 116. Art

Era Staff, 68, 128 V. Douglas Snow, 83, 84, 85, 90

Special Features VirginiaDave Burton,Sargent,119 92

Jon Anderson, 122 Teachers on a String, Maurine Clements 86 Era of Youth

The Liahona's Cousins, Hugh Nibley 87 Photographs

Mister Lincoln We Thank You, Kelvin Wallace Coventry 90 Robert Perine, Newport Beach, California

BYU Photo Studio, Provo, Utah The Evaluation of Historical Sources, T. Edgar Lyon 94 DeCloud Studio, Kansas City, Missouri

THE ERA OF YOUTH between pages 96 and 97 Art

I, Johnny, Parentto-be, Marion D. Hanks 97 Dale Kilbourn

How it Feels to be the Mother of Thirteen, Marvel Sharp Crookston 98

The Message of the Temple, Vernald William Johns 101

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 106, 108, 109

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 65; These Times, George Washington, G. Homer

Durham, 68; Letters and Reports, 72.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Key to Sprees 118 THE COVER:

In the gripping deadcold of winter,

Pick-'n'-Choose for Shutins, Pansy McCarty, 122 the Saints were forced to flee Nauvoo for their trek to the West. The wagons

The Last Word, 128 beganFebruaryfording4, 1846.the Mississippi,Our cover is a

section of the Lynn Fausett mural in the tourist center adjacent to the "This is the Place Monument"in

City. This mural, covering LakeStories, Poetry Salt

building, walls depicts of the three

trek of the Saints from Nauvoo

Valley.The Tender Shoot, Goldie Brown Despain 82 tothe more than thirteen hundred mile the

Old Enough to Choose, Pauline L. Jensen 92:: -.;>

And the Year Begins Again, Barney Jones 102 mM*****$

Poetry 88, 89, 100, 104, 110, 125, 127

The Improvement Era Offices, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, 11, Utah

Editor; Editor; Associate Albert L. Zobell, Josephson, Managing arba C. Editors; I.. Managing Green, L. Evans, DoYLE M Richard and O.David McKay

Today's Editorial Associates: B. Pinnock, FamilyJr., Florence Stephan, Carter Judith GramMiddle-ton, Patricia Editor; Kinneab, G.Research John

Editor; Associate Art Directors. Halt-h and Marvon, Era Youth Ed Reynolds Editor; E.The Gannon, Elaine of Youth Era ofEditor; Hanks, The D. Marion

IS. Editors. Contributing Sperry, Sidney Harris, Nibley, S. Franklin Hugh Jr., F. Bennett, Durham, G. HomerArchibald

Director; Subscription Manager, A. Business Snarr, Glen F. Scott, Verl General Manager; S. Associate Beeder, General Manager; Bertha Bentley. T.Joseph

Representative. Advertising Regional Evajjs,Thayer

Saints. All rights Christ of Latterday of Jesus of the Associations Church Inc., Mutual Improvement published by the Funds, andCopvright 1961 by Mutual

issues. for special except single copy, in advance; 50c $3.50 a year, subscriptions, foreign year, in advance; price $3.00 a Subscriptionreserved.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103. Act

2, 1918. authorized of 1917, October July

welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of lV4c manuscripts but for unsolicited responsible Era ImprovementThe

return. sufficient delivery and postage for word a be by accompaniedis not must and

notice days'Thirty cannotchanges be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretlithographedNews Press.in full color

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

imimf1 for all LDS readers

1. THE REFINER'S FIRE

Alvin R. Dyer

The "Center Place"of Zion—Jackson County, Missouri—

deserves to be better known, and President Dyer who served as Mission President of the Central States Mission now brings historic Independence and surrounding areas to the fore in a rich, colorful, and fascinating manner, highlighting places and events in early LDS history with many currentday observations. Pertinent pictures included.

2.95

2. UTAH INDIAN STORIES

Milton R. Hunter

Newlyrevisod, enlarged, with sixteen pages of fascinating illustrations—this choice

volume brings together a vast 3. ANSWERS TO GOSPEL

collection of true Utah Indian stories from numerous books, QUESTIONS Volume III newspapers, and periodicals that will excite all readers, Joseph Fielding Smith young and old. Included: Indian Attack at Santaquin, Those who read, enjoyed, and

Navajo Depredations in discovered answers to perplexSouthern Utah, Indian Battle ing questions in Volumes I and

II, will find this equally volume in Ogden Valley—twenty

rewarding and as itothers. 1 QC challengingsingles fifty over out inquiries

from members and nonmembers that deserve utmost consideration.

2.50 Vols. I & II - 2.50 each

4. JOSEPH SMITH,

THE MAN AND THE SEER Dr. Hyrum L. Anclrus

of Brigkam Young University For a richer, fuller life "I was there and I saw him,knew him well."These are the year 'round—READ

words we are most likely to heed—actual eyewitness accounts. Here they are, in one

dynamic volume—friends and

foes of the SMITH Prophet JOSEPH—vividly

the seer lllllliilildepicting the in and his character and spiritual powers. HVMM I.JU*"* DeseretlSsBooh Co. 2.50

44 East South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

5. POCKET HYMN 2472 Washington Blvd., Ogden, Utah

BOOK Deseret Book Company You can sing an 44Salt EastLakeSouthCity, TempleUtahLDS hymn wherever you go, a new one Gentlemen: Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order

each time, this with ) account. Please I have an charge. Amount enclosed $ leathernewest

encircled (numbered) book: edition inbound the for

pocket series that 3 4 5contains all the lat12 est as well as favorite LDS hymns.

Only 3.95

Zone State...

Residents of Utah include 2V2% sales tax.

A MUSI FOR ALL These Times TEACHERS AND to!.;:'*

STUDENTS

George Washington

BY DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

PRESIDENT, ARIZONA STATE UNIVERSITY, TEMPE

George Washington should not be forth on this continent a new nation, forgotten in these times. He was a conceived in liberty, and dedicated TEACHING

PACKET MaA leadergovernment.in the fightToday'sfor representativeworld is comcreatedto the propositionequal."Washingtonthat all mencouldare

plicated by the simultaneous interachave been a monarch. Rather, he

Contains: tion of four widespread revolutionary fostered the principles of representa- 6- Twocolor chart's developed in cooperforces: nationalism, communism, tive institutions. With reluctance he

ation with:. iSSiJ anticolonialism, the desire for freeaccepted a second term as President.

Morion D. Hanks Daniel Ludlow dom. Washington was successful. While issuing his farewell address,

Eldin Ricks Hugh Nibley One of the greatest seats of power September 17, 1796, he made clear 1 -7"record with excerpts from "Scenes in the world today bears his name—the principle of rotation in the presiFrom the Book of Mormon"by Crawford Washington, D. C. When we think dential office. Contemporary revoluGates. of the city, we should think of the tionaries in new states abroad might

man. well read his farewell address and

Produced by: He was born February 22, 1732, ponder their own responsibilities.

Department of AudioVisual Communicaat Bridges Creek, Virginia, and died He was a Federalist. Washington

tion, B.Y.U., Provo, Utah. at Mount Vernon, December 14, stood above party. Notwithstand1799. The revolution he led aimed ing, he lent a great name and supAvailable at: at the restoration of the principles port to the project for which the

of individual freedom, representative Federalists stood, namely, the estabAudio- Visual Dept., B.Y.U., Provo, Utah. government, and civil rights. lishment of the Constitution of 1787.

Deseret Book Stores in Salt Lake City He was a republican, that is, he In March, 1785, the seeds were and Ogden. believed in government through planted for the Constitutional Con-

B.Y.U. Adult Education Centers in qualified, chosen representatives. The vention. Commissioners from Virginia

Los Angeles, California. United States of America, under his and Maryland met at Alexandria and

Ogden, Utah. leadership, stood virtually alone as again with Washington at Mount

Idaho Fails, Idaho. an island of representative governVernon. In the words of Professor

Rexburg, Idaho. ment in a sea of monarchical states. MacDonald "From that moment the

Many Seventys Bookstores. Lincoln referred to this sort of govcurrent of events, leading into the

ernment in his Gettysburg Address, Annapolis Convention of 1786 and $2.25 November 19, 1863: "Fourscore and the Federal Convention of the folPrice

(Plus 25c postage and handling) seven years ago our fathers brought lowing year, shows Washington's

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!.!!

YOUTHFUL ENERGY AFTER 35!

You can feel younger LOOK YOUNGER, ACT YOUNGER!

Now get the wonderful benefits

Here's what motorpowered of exercise without strain or

Exercycle does for you overexertion!

AIDS IN WEIGHT CONTROL

HELPS KEEP HEART STRONG IMPROVES CIRCULATION RELAXES NERVES Does you more good in minutes than

ASSISTS DIGESTION you can do for yourself in hours.

AIDS ELIMINATIONWhenengineeredyou flickmovementsthe switch,exerciseExercycle'syou properly,precisely

HELPS YOU SLEEP BETTER abdominalbeneficially, areamovingsmoothlyyour andarms,withoutlegs, effort.back,

TRIMS YOUR FIGURE comfortablyNo pumping, andno straining,feel the surging,no shaking.tinglingYou ensit

joyment of awakened vigor

is Literature. Free Exercycle For informa? control, '">"":'SE.S->-J- Send For people—Aids for all busy more in weight HP

tion, obligation, without for reprints and of family figure for every of the improves your member IV articles send by doctors, or write the coupon Exercise again! Seat yourself youthfulFeel do for youryou on an ExExercycle Third Ave., N.Y., Corp., 630 N.Y. of self too toercycle started be irregular, and you've a new program may

physical improvement that shows real benestrenuous or inconvenient. Not Sotd in

fits in less than a week. Your whole circulaDiet won't help flabby, sagRetail Stores.

tory system takes a new lease on life. Your ging muscles. Exercycle Exercycle is sold

only through firm spirit relax; helps back. surgesyouthful Nerves and slim

local your authorized figure all over, for living grows. Exercycle improvesyour zest And representatives

are specialposture. feeling. sluggish, ride who tiredout that yourcounteracts A daily

ly trained. helps excess doctors other Exercycles you expend than anyMore own

group, proof that they themselves appreciate calories. Your sagging

its many benefits waistline slims down, you have power to enEXERCYCLE CORPORATION

Help your heart! regaindure physicalyouthfulstraintoneandandstress.firmness.YourYoumuscleslook 630PleaseThirdsend Ave.,me atNewonce,Yorkwithout17, costN. Y.or

Kit, the Fitness Health and FREE Exercycle helps in build better everything you effortless, wear—street clothes, obligation,with on the automatic stamina leisure suit. togs strength and or bathing to healthy, alert keep Exercyclefull waydetails and trim,

for the normal heart—

to so important your An investment in health includingof health topamphletsexercise. quoting doctors on relation

Mr to last Built a lifetime, health life. Exercycle long plugs in and

like less elecappliance—an uses anywhere—the That's because MrsMissI (please phint plainly) tricity exercise Silent in than your operation,heart is TV, it heart and a muscle, keeps

soft, special needs no flabby, weak. maintenance.muscle becoming Gives from a Address. you

lease tones life for only too, musclesExercycle on up other pennies a day. You'll aiding new

call circulate heart to supplies freshthe Exercycle the of healthyour best investment in City Zone,..State. 162

building blood. All the vital organs benefit. health you ever model

FEBRUARY 1961 69 point."supervision close at everytwo pounds a week the Philadelphia Convention When

met in May, 1787, Washington occu-. I pied the chair as presiding officer..that's what lost He was elected the first President

of the United States by unanimous (and that's what my doctor suggested) of the electors. vote The same

unanimous vote was given him for

Sure Meal has for the past four years been successfully helping people all over the his second term. Although he had

possibility the of a third refused country to lose weight and control their weight. Sure Meal is a concentrated, pure,

electors, cast nevertheless, term, two high quality food in powdered form, from all natural sources, that you mix with skim ballots for him in 1796.

milk (a 169calorie meal) or whole milk (a 241calorie meal). It will satisfy you with He was a Unionist. As late as

20 grams of protein in each meal. It has low fat content and carefully selected carboLincoln's time, pundits felt the Amerhydrates. You'll also get the minerals and ican experiment, covering so much

vitamins with generous quantities of territory, was impossible. This is

the meaning behind Lincoln's addiamino acids you would expect to tional words in the Gettysburg Adfind in a well planned, nutritious dress: "Now we are engaged in a

meal. You'll also enjoy the taste great civil war, testing whether that

and variety of flavors in Sure nation, or any nation so conceived

Meal. You'll feel better as and so dedicated, can long endure."

you're taking off weight. Washington himself said, "Is there a

govern- a whether doubt common

You'll be delighted with so large a sphere? embrace ment can

the easy plan to conLet experience solve it.... With

trol your weight once such powerful and obvious motives you are down to 'normal. to union affecting all parts of our

You'Hsave money too.as country,... there will always be

Sure Meal costs less than reason to distrust the patriotism of those quarter in any may enwho the ordinary meal it reits bands."deavor to weaken

places. Washington was a humble man.

He wrote in his farewell address:

"Though in reviewing the incidents of my Administration I am unconscious of intentional error, I am nevertheless too sensible of my defects not to think it probable that I may have committed many errors.

Whatever they may be, I fervently beseech the -Almighty to avert or mitigate the evils to which they may tend. I shall also carry with me

the hope that my country will never cease to view them with indulgence, and that, after fortyfive years of my life dedicated to its service with an upright zeal, the faults of incompetent abilities will be consigned to oblivion, as myself must soon be to the mansions of rest."

On December 19, 1799, John Marshall of Virginia, a member of the House of Representatives, introduced into that body a resolution.

Here is found the phraseology that should not be forgotten: "First in

iiiiii war, first in peace, and first in the

Don Lyman & Associates I may be interested in selling SURE MEAL hearts of his countrymen."

E. 9th South 1087

City, Salt Lake Utah Free Delivery Phone EM 3-9674

Please send Vanilla Defatted Chocolate "Labor to keep alive in your

SURE MEAL Bland Butterscotch Maple breast that little spark of celestial 20 Meal Size $ 4.75 Name fire, conscience."

—Washington

40 Meal Size 9.00 Address

6-40 Meal Size (Case).... 45.00 Q City and State

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wellknown construction superintendent Frank Lemperle with volunteer workers at site of new church building.

Postum is the natural wholegrain drink that warms the heart

Have a cup of friendship... have a cup of Postum. So many Posti-m*.W;,

leading citizens do. Postum is made from wholegrain cereals,

slowroasted to bring out a rich, satisfying flavor. It's hearty,

healthful, hospitable. 4

Postum is 100% coffeefree, contains no caffein or other K INSTANT 'artificial stimulants. Ready in an instant, it's always welcome. POSTUM

Make sure you always have Postum on hand.

100% coffeefree Another fine product of General Foods

FEBRUARY 1961 71 Letters and quality Reports copper printing

plates n- <"> JL color process *,i3a or black & white rvv

Pictured above are seventytwo of the ninetyone girls to receive individual awards for outstanding personal and spiritual achievement in the Orange County (California) Stake recently. Sister Otis K.

Coyle, YWMIA president of the Orange

County Stake, is pictured with two of the girls (right) at the "Sweethearts of MIA"award presentation program. Fifteen of

the ward YyVMIA class leaders received

ICALL COLLECT RICHMOND 92396 their leadership awards on this occasion. IVJ&'VI—R@SE ENGRAVING COMPANY

or write 1242 Santee St., Los Angeles IS, Calif.

FLAVOR FIT FOR YOUR KING fcp LEE HOUSEHOLD VV ELECTRIC FLOUR MILL gA, "W! 1 * BETTERBETTER FLAVORHEALTH

Electric four Latterday looking The Saints pictured are the good young above among

Portable young, all wonderful scattered to the people belong over many the nation who Church Economical world. are (left to right) and the of the Allen Perry Garth City South They Oklahoma Automatic

Stone grind your Branch, Central States Mission; Charlene Francis Zimmerman of Compton Second Ward,

hours flour a few (California) of (MisSt. Louis Long Beach St. Louis Bees Stake; Dick Second Ward,

baking your before souri) Stake; Battle of Branch, Great Lakes (Michigan) Creek and Judi Basmussen it's rolls; bread and

an inexpensive way Mission.

nutrito get more to of are fine school Both winners the boys award have Duty and and Church God daily tion your roll school, records. Garth, the never missed throughout high honor a day on diet with into—

life. lettered of his brain fresh ofactivitythe school over His 2,160 is accompanied days by whole wheat brawn—he ground

flour. / in for wrestling. JMJ a a local reporter teen high school magazine, Dick, bright young was

mills. Choice of 4 school. in his has earned basketball high teams captain the football of both and He |fc SjimrtffTP prices! for Write

Save on this introsix individual awards for attendance at Church meetings. Two of these are 100 percent

ductory flour offer. awards and another is over 95 percent.

with coupon Send girls. smiling Charlene, a Brains prevalent talent the are also two among and

or check money at dancer avid society is an of the high school, honor won who a local TV ormember lb. pkg. 5- der for

Flour is stone station contest grand prize of $3,000 in dancing the waltz with her partner Gene ground the day it television freely has shared stake. appeared and the has of Steinekert on She same

is shipped. individual four in with dances. talent Honor and is an her She Bee Mia Joy MIA 1, Wisconsin Lee Engineering Co., Milwaukee

for attendance. awards Church

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY IE-2-61 Judi, also a member of the high school honor society, has a wonderful talent for 2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 1, Wisconsin music. She has sung the lead part in Oklahoma!, Brigadoon, and Carousel in high

( ) Deaf Smith Flour, 5-lb. pkg., PPd. only $1-50 school. She was awarded an eight week scholarship to the Interlacken Music Camp.

for three School chorister service, she has been talent a Sunday her Sharing in Church other three cantatas, in four music festivals, participated and many ( ) Wis. -Minn. Flour, 5-lb. pkg., PPd. only $1.00 years, has and

Name Church programs.

Street

City State

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

feet. the divine inspiration of the Prophet Joseph Smith as he receives the sacred plates ol

"The Record"from the hand of the angel at the Hill Cumorah. look... with him, through

the shining crystal of the "translators,"the Urim and Thummim, as the holy scriptures are

revealed. the very words he spoke as he translated from the plates, page by page, neap..

bringing to the world the tale of ancient days

{Unabridged) and the promise of God's new covenant.

LTiOW the joy and fulfillment in *

UNDERSTANDING the message of *0

the scriptures through the LIVING

WORD, in this beautifully recorded i

GOLD PLATE EDITION

vf>BOOK OF MORMON33V3 RPM 35 Records70 Sides Two Volumes

(Order Form) "I have listened through COLUMBIA completeEnclosed is2 mypartcheckrecordfor album$69.90.of Pleasethe Booksend,ofpostpaid,Mormon.the

many enthralling hours to RESEARCH fj] andEnclosedhandling).is my checkPlease forsend$37.84the complete(includes 2 2.89part postagerecord

my copy of this magnifialbum of the Book of Mormon. I will send the balance

cent recording of the Book GROUP of $34.95 in 60 days.

of Mormon. I could wish that the homes of Enclosed is my $1.00 for "A Voice From the Dust."A single

Latterday Saints everywhere might partake 3600 SOUTH 33V3 rpm excerpt sampling from the above album.

STREET MARKET pleasure the and comfort this recordingof

, CITY 4, Name SALT LAKE tobrings my own."

Elder LeGrand Richards UTAH Address

City State

*Special unbreakable gold vinyl pressing.

$ Reviewed and accepted by special Church committee.

FEBRUARY 1961 73 IB

Put your WAITING MONEY to work at Western Savings Pictured above arc three recent Golden

Gleaner award winners from the Enterprise wards of the Uvada (UtahNevada) Stake.

From left to right, they are Frances Bowler

Staheli, Edna Gubler Hunt, and Lovella

Hunt Thomas.

Sister Staheli, the mother of three children, has worked in the ward Junior

Sunday School, YWMIA, and Primary. She

is presently serving as a counselor in the

Uvada Stale Primary.

Sister Hunt, also the mother of three children, has worked in the ward Primary and Relief Society, and has served the is How much is your money worth? When it's waiting, it's wardpresentlyYWMIAan organistfor sevenin theyears.Relief SocietyShe

worthless. But when you put it to work in an and activity counselor in the Enterprise

account at Western Savings in Salt Lake City, it's First Ward YWMIA.

increasing in value every day. Here's how your money dren,SisterhasThomas,a perfectthe attendancemother of recordtwo chilat

works for you at Western: MIA and Sacrament meeting for seven

Your money earns 4%, compounded semiannually. Your wardconsecutivePrimaryyears.and SundayShe hasSchoolservedandtheis

money deposited by the 10th of the month earns from now president of the Enterprise Second the 1st. Your money is insured to $10,000 by the Federal WardRelief PrimarySociety. and a visiting teacher in the

Savings and Loan Insurance Corporation.

Hsinchu, Taiwan Mail this coupon today:

Dear Editors:

WESTERN SAVINGS The Era magazine has been the best

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH source of reading material I have had

Enclosed is my check money order hereshouldin beHsinchu,sent to Taiwan.all servicemenThis magazineoverseas.

for $ - Please open a savings It also should be in all overseas libraries. I

account in the name of: read it from cover to cover.

I want to thank you for the kindness of

Name sending it to me. This magazine will

always be in my home, I assure you.

is outstanding. Church The The News

FIRST SOUTH EAST (if a joint account put second name here) 4B I missionaries to really and look forward CITY. UTAH LAKE SALT

the Era. the and News Address the postage pays WESTERN

City Stale BOTH WAYS Sincerely yours, when you saveby-mail M/Sgt. George J. Hanna

lillllllilllllllllllill! Carletonville, South Africa

Dear Editors of the Era of Youth:

Just a word of appreciation for the excelin presenting the you are work doing THE CENTER OF \ lent

It's to Youth. get the latest Era of good

(V CONVENIENCE news on the youth of the Church, espe- -.*—, f NEW AMERICA ciallyisn't toohereabundant.in South Africa, where news Cooeqt motel It doesn't matter where you go throughBEAUTIFUL 330 ROOMS world, of the out the youth Church who

'''.'JMAUtVSUON MAIN T IIFIH BASHOPSOUJM living are the of standards the Church,

stand out, and set examples for others to ir- -lV follow....

work, our and the good Keep up may in to bless continue you. heaven fiy ydi"H hhrtrH ffi % Father illntKlnffestMN

Taylor Elder LaVern salt lake city Sincerely, Pratt C. Elder Glen

(wo/ti!kplwM imj mho /UHMw

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ER Inspired prophecies relating to our present time are amazingly and rapidly being fulfilled. These are times when

knowledge of such prophecies may prove to be of inestimable value.

and the QUESTION of ZiON

By Kennetlt W. Porter

and Hermann O- Rwf

Here is a unique book that will add knowledge sand wisdom to the lives of its readers by recounting

Missouri's past, her present status and glorious future as God's sacred Zion. What of New Jerusalem? Who will build it? Where will it be located?

Who may live there? Those wh love the Lord and

look forward to His glorious return will find this unique book of great interest and worth. $3-50

THE BOOK OF MORMON TESTIFIES

By DR. SIDNEY B. SPERRY

Bfe Here is a simple, but systematic interpretation of the important historical and religious Priesthood matters contained in the Book of Mormon. class teachers

Mm?* Theencestopicalwill arrangementmake it easyandforabundantstudent referand Note:

teacher to grasp its vital message. Contributes muchneeded information to this year's

;!>**'study course. jits'"$3.50 BOOK OF

BOOK OF MORMON TREASURY MORMON

best from the Era A The over a number of COMMENTARIES this years, outstanding compilation of select articles describes the language, people, and messages of the prophets in a concise manto help you in your ner that provides straightforward answers.

authors Noteworthy Smith, teaching. include Joseph F.

John A. Widtsoe, Wilford Woodruff, Joseph

Fielding Smith and others. An authoritative

reference on the Book of Mormon.

$3.50

GENEALOGICAL SUPPLIES

Fold Pedigree.,.........30 Record Binders with mechanism that won't wear out:

Envelope, acetate with Rieh gold embossed defiller,20 $ jgn on j nglasting OKC*

Mechem Packet No. 1 1,50 vinyt eover 600

Genealogical record ThreoeoJor torn of arms index cards,30 on deluxe fabrikoid over, 6,00

Guide Sheets 190 Deluxe, fabrikoid, cover **! with temple embossedI UniversalBook f Remembrariec Relationship

chart............................,25 f your choice............ 5.00

FEBRUARY 1961 75 Get worlds of hot water 3 times as fast with a The Church "QUICK RECOVERY"Moves On ELECTRIC

November 1960 WATER Cedar West Stake was organized from Cedar (Utah) Stake with Elder Franklin D. Day sustained as stake president and HEATER Elders George S. Barrus and Elworth Stout as his counselors.

The new stake includes the Cedar Second, Sixth, Seventh, Eighth,

Ninth, Kanarra, and New Harmony wards, with a stake membership of 3,529. President Elwood J. Corry and his counselors, Elders

Rufus Reid Cox and Alfred Elihu Whatcott, were released from the presidency of Cedar Stake. Elder Whatcott was then sustained as

president of Cedar Stake with Elders James Heywood and Blaine

Stapley as his counselors. Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council

of the Twelve and Bishop Thorpe B. Isaacson of the Presiding

Bishopric officiated at the conference. Cedar West Stake is number 316 now functioning in the Church. The "Cedar"name comes

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. from the southern Utah city, which was named because of the

abundance of cedar (juniper) trees in the vicinity. The settlement

was first called "Coal Creek,"taking the name of the stream on which the first settlement was made in 1851. The creek derived its

name from nearby coal deposits.

Elder Fred Lewis Markham, a member of the stake presidency since 1946, was sustained as president of Utah Stake at Provo, with

Elders Rulen B. Hansen and Harold B. Jones as counselors, succeeding President Victor J. Bird and his counselors, Elders Fred Lewis

Markham and Terry J. Oldroyd.

Minnesota Stake was organized from parts of the Minnesota

District of the North Central States Mission with Elder

Delbert F. Wright sustained as president and Elders Sherman Russell and Eugene L. Talbott as his counselors. Wards are

Second annual Minneapolis, Minneapolis Second, Minneapolis Third, Minneapolis

Fourth, St. Paul, and St. Paul Second. Branches are Anoka, Austin,

LDS Youth Tour Princeton, Rochester (all Minnesota), and Eau Claire, Wisconsin.

to EUROPE Minnesota is the 317th stake now functioning. It was organized

of Council of the Richards the direction of Elder under LeGrand in June Assistant Sterling to the Twelve. the Twelve and by Elder W. Sill, of hisLifelong memoriestoric places—34

days. A wonderfultun-'itledcultural Missionary work in Minnesota is believed to have begun in Septemand educational experience! ber 1868.

For young people over 15, directed by KENNETH SHEFFIELD OF December 1960 THE MIA GENERAL BOARD.

Visit LDS Temples and Branches, and all the storied landmarks. Jet Elder George L. Lovell sustained as president of East Rigby

travel both ways—bus travel through (Idaho) Stake, succeeding President Leonard E. Graham.

14 western European countries. All Elder Don C. Archibald, formerly second counselor, succeeds

expense tour Salt Lake. from Write Elder Irving M. Beazer as first counselor. Elder James Arlo Moss details. for complete or phone

sustained as second counselor.

Reservations limited. Apply early.

Elder F. Arthur Kay, formerly first counselor, sustained as

president of Seattle (Washington) Stake, succeeding President

ROBBIIMS Layton B Jones. Elder Raymond W. Eldredge, formerly second

T R A. V E counselor, sustained as first counselor. Elder S. Ross Fox., Jr., sustained as second counselor. (Continued on page 126)

14 South Main Salt Lake City Phone EL 5-4651

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA j&SS&fo

:::-:-':.',:.-:

I I I I THIS IS A VERY BUSY HONEY BEE I I MAKING HONEY FOR NABISCO I I i SUGAR HONEY 6RAHA1S I i I i And that's a job that takes lots f i of honey. Because so many f

i people eat so many Nabisco i Sugar Honey Grahams. Because

i they're the graham crackers t t made with pure country honey % and real graham flour. Extra

delicious and extra nutritious. \\ America's favorite betweenmeal cracker. Get them in the

economical 2-pound package. <

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

FEBRUARY 1961 77

EDITOR'S PAGE BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

Life carves Character in living faces In every hour of the day our thoughts are developing our characters. Indeed,

they are changing the very expression of our features, for our features to a great extent tell what we are.

That is told in the beautiful story of The Great Stone Face by Nathaniel

Hawthorne. I hope you have read it. If so, you remember on a mountain

surrounding a valley, nature had carved the features of a benign man. He

seemed to radiate kindness, benevolence, love, as well as greatness,

Hawthorne gave a* great lesson in that story as day by day, week by week, month by month, noble thoughts and ideals transformed the features of a young man who loved to be of service, not to himself, but to others.

America has its own great stone faces. At Mt. Rushmore, South Dakota,

the sculptor, Gutzon Borglum carved, between 1927 and 1941, four great faces.

They are the likenesses, in stone, of four of America's'Presidents—Washington,

Jefferson, Lincoln, and Theodore Rooseveltmen who helped make America over the years.

We especially remember the contributions of Washington and Lincoln each

February.

As members of the restored Church, we know there exists an eternal law that each human soul shall shape its own destiny. No one individual can make

happiness or salvation for another. "Even God could not make men like himself without making them free."

Abraham Lincoln said at one time, "The love of liberty which God has planted in us constitutes the bulwark of our liberty and independence. It is not

our frowning battlements, our bristling seacoasts, our army, and our navy. Our

defense is in the spirit which prizes liberty as the heritage of all men, in all lands, everywhere. Destroy this spirit, and we have planted the seeds of despotism

at our very doors."

No man is truly great who does not have reverence for Deity and for things sacred. That was one of the virtues which made Abraham Lincoln great. His

spirit of reverence was illustrated when he left his home town to assume the presidency of the United States. He was then in Springfield, Illinois. As he

was about to board the train to leave that little town where he had spent so many years of his life, he turned to the townspeople who had come to say goodbye to him, stood a few moments in silence, had difficulty in controlling his feelings, then in a trembling voice said:

"My friends, no one not in my situation can appreciate my feeling of sadness at this parting. To this place and to the kindness of these people I owe everything. Here I have lived for a quarter of a century, and have passed from a

young man to an old man. I now leave, not knowing when or whether I shall

ever return, with a task before me greater than that which rested on Washington.

Without the assistance of that Divine Being that ever attended him I cannot succeed. But with that assistance, I cannot fail. Trusting in Him who can

go with me and remain with you, and be everywhere for good, let us confidently hope that all will yet be well. To His care commending you, as I hope in your

prayers you will commend me, I bid you an affectionate farewell."

It is not imagination that we can approach God and can receive light and guidance from him, that our minds will be enlightened, our souls thrilled by his

Spirit. Washington sought it; Abraham Lincoln (Continued on page 127)

FEBRUARY 1961 79

YOUR QUESTION

ANSWERED BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE SALVATION OF THOSE WHO DIED WITHOUT LAW

Question: "In the Doctrine and Covenants, Secrevealed that in the world of spirits some of the intion 76, verse 72 there is a statement that those who telligences were greater than others, and these he

die without law receive their place in the terrestrial made his rulers. Contrariwise there were those who

kingdom. If this is true, how can there be hope in were less intelligent and evidently less fit for the

doing ordinance work for those who died without exaltation offered to the faithful, yet these also were ever hearing about Christianity? If this applies only entitled to salvation from death and the torment of the

to the heathen nations, as some conclude, how can the damned. The Lord therefore had a place for these,

Hawaiians, Japanese, Chinese, and others who never thus showing his great mercy for all.

had a semblance of Christianity have work done for We learn from the word of the Lord to Moses that them? the Lord selected a place for the children of Israel,

"Alma said: 'Yea, and I knoiv that good and evil even before they were born, thus he indicated the numhave come before all men; he that knoweth not good ber of spirits who were assigned to become the

from evil is blameless; but he that knoweth good and descendants of Jacob. (Deut. 32:8-9.) We may well

evil, to him it is given according to his desires, believe that the Lord also parceled out the surface whether he desireth good or evil, life or death, joy or of the earth for all other peoples. Some of these places

remorse of conscience.'(Alma 29:5.) were evidently designed for inhabitants who had lost

"If the word of the Lord is law, then who are those interest in or touch with the plan of salvation. We

who are spoken of in the Doctrine and Covenants?"may well believe that the Lord did not permit the

more progressive and more worthy spirits to come to

Answer: We may be sure that the Lord will deal the families of the ungodly and the less progressive

righteously with all of his children, and that every peoples of the earth. It was the privilege of this less

soul will receive a just reward. The great object of progressive class, however, to come to the earth, and

this mortal life is that the spirits of men may obtain it was essential for them to receive the blessings of tabernacles of flesh and bones, for without these tabmortality. On this topic, however, there is very little

ernacles the spirits of men could not rise to exaltation, revealed, but we may feel certain that it was essenneither could they be perfect without the union of tial that the more progressive and intelligent spirits flesh and bones with the eternal spirit. It was for were not sent to the tribes among the degraded

this purpose that Adam and Eve were placed upon heathen. These people naturally sank under such

this earth and given the commandment to multiply. circumstances into a condition of ignorance and

After Adam was driven out of the Garden of Eden he spiritual darkness. Children born under such circumwas commanded to teach his children the full plan of stances could not be exalted, yet the Lord in his

salvation. In course of time they rebelled against mercy had decreed to them to do the very best that

God and were destroyed in the flood. Then the could be done. Not having knowledge of the things

Lord commenced again with Noah and his family, of God, they were to be judged without law and and the same commandments were renewed. Like assigned to a place after the resurrection that would

the antediluvians the descendants of Noah also rebe suited to them without the fulness promised to belled and idolatry came into existence, and the worthe faithful.

ship of many imaginary gods prevailed. Eventually President Brigham Young, by revelation, received

mankind was scattered over all the earth, and with- a clear view of this truth and has spoken of those who out divine commandments the knowledge of the are without law and understanding in the following gospel was lost, and depravity and wickedness prewords vailed. Some of these peoples sank into a condition "When God revealed to Joseph Smith and Sidney

not much better than the beast. As one generation Rigdon that there was a place prepared for all,

followed another they became more depraved, and according to the light they had received and their remany lost all semblance of right and wrong, truth and jection of evil and practice of good it was a great righteousness. trial to many, and some apostatized because God was

We read in the book of Abraham that the Lord not going to send to everlasting punishment heathens

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and infants, but had a place of salvation in due time the Lord Jesus, their faith, prayers, hopes, affections, for all, and would bless the honest and virtuous and and all their desires may ever be concentrated in truthful, whether they belonged to any church or not. one."(Ibid., 6:97.)

It was a new doctrine to this generation, and many President John Taylor has added this enlightening stumbled at it."(Journal of Discourses 16:42.) thought:

Again he said: "There are heathen nations enveloped in idolatry;

"These words set forth the fact to which Jesus and if millions of people come into the world in these referred when he said, 'In my Father's house are many places surrounded with idolatry and superstition, it mansions.'How many I am not prepared to say; but would be unjust for them to be punished for what

there are three distinctly spoken of: the celestial, the they did not know, hence, if they have no law, they

highest; the terrestrial, the next below it; and the will be judged without law; and God in his own wistelestial, the third. If we were to take the pains to dom will regulate their affairs, for it is their misforread what the Lord has said to his people in the tune, not their individual offense, that has placed them

latter days we should find that he has made provision in their present position. If, however, we could trace

for all the inhabitants of the earth: every creature who their history, we should find, as with the Israelites,

desires, and who strives in the least, to overcome so with them. Their present darkness and misery

evil and subdue iniquity within himself or herself, originated in a departure from God; and as their

and to live worthy of a glory, will possess one. We fathers did not desire to retain God in their knowlwho have received the fulness of the gospel of the edge, he gave them up to the present darkness, conSon of God, or the kingdom of heaven, that has come fusion, and wretchedness. See Paul's remark on this

to earth, are in possession of those laws, ordinances, subject in Romans 1:2128. For naturally the conduct

commandments, and revelations, that will prepare us, of fathers has a great influence over children, as well by strict obedience, to inherit the celestial kingdom, to as in a family capacity. Hence the Jews will be blessed

go into the presence of the Father and the Son."as a nation in, consequence of the promises made

(Ibid:, 14:148.) to Abraham, for as I have said before, these are

"There are millions and millions of kingdoms that eternal principles; man is an eternal being, and all

the people have no conception of. The Christians of his actions have a relevancy to eternity. The actions

this day have no knowledge of God, or godliness, or of the fathers have a bearing and influence on their eternity, of the worlds that are, and that have been, children, both as families and nations, in time and in and that are coming forth. There are myriads of eternity."(Government of God, p. 52.)

people pertaining to this earth who will come up The great work of the Lord is to save not destroy:

and receive a glory according to their capacity."therefore it is only the wilfully rebellious who have

(Ibid., 6:347.) forsaken the truth who will eventually be cast out

"Some are not capable of the same exaltation as with the devil and his angels. (D&C 76:3138.)

are others, arising from the difference of the conduct All those who have lived upon the earth who have and capacities of people. There is also a difference been subject to law and order and have had knowlin the spirit world. It is the design, the wish, the edge of good and evil and some understanding of

will, and mind of the Lord that the inhabitants of the divine truth, although they have been steeped the earth should be exalted to thrones, kingdoms, in the traditions of men, will be judged by the knowlprincipalities, and powers, according to their capacedge which they have. Among these there are many

ities. In their exaltation, one may be capable of who were and are not Christians, but they were subpresiding over more than five, another over only two, ject to law and order and had some divine underand another over but one. They must all first be standing of justice and equity. These are worthy, on

subject to sin and to the calamities of mortal flesh, in repentance, of salvation in the kingdom of God. It

order to prove themselves worthy; then the Gospel is is for these that we do work in the temples that they

ready to take hold of them and bring them up, enmay learn to live according to the laws of God and lighten their understandings, and make them one in receive the blessings of his kingdom.

FEBRUARY 1961 81 "Don't fret yourself, Eli, let Pa rest.""Eli, no wagons are going this late to winter."

Eli jerked his gaze away from the distant horizon "Yes, they're going, there's a winter camp they toward Gettysburg. He swung around to face his can make before it's too bad."

mother. She had found him standing at the edge "Eli, that's not you talking like this..."

of the stubbled cornfield staring in the direction of "Who is it then, Ma, tell me? Who am I; what

the battlefield at Gettysburg which was now a graveam I? I don't know, how can I know in a world like

yard. this? Everything's dead, the land, the trees like the

"I could have walked and carried him even, just men in the graves, row after row. Where is any

more than thirty miles."Eli's young chin was raised future, Ma, where is any hope?"

at a resentful angle against his mother and the world. His mother pulled the old brown sweater closer

His nearly seventeen years had deepened his voice before she spoke. "There's new life, Eli."

and broadened his shoulders, but they had not filled "Where, Ma, where?"

his measure with wisdom. "Everywhere, Eli... in the land... in you."

"I know, son, we could have used the wagon. It Eli pressed his lips together. An invisible barrier

would have been easy, but I know he wouldn't have dropped between them. Words, tears, or touch only

wanted it."made him more resentful and the wall stronger. Mrs.

"Why not? He loved this land; he had dreams Jarman turned and went back to the small log house.

for it. He talked to me."Eli swallowed hard and Eli didn't watch her go, he wouldn't. Viciously he

gripped the pitchfork handle until his knuckles were kicked a clod at his feet, the fine dirt sprayed out white. "He talked to me about things like it was over the ground.

important to tell me how he planned."Ma couldn't understand how tight he was inside.

Mrs. Jarman's voice was fringed with pain and He had to find himself, and he couldn't do it here.

emotion. "I know how it was between you and your There wasn't any way to make Ma understand, he

Pa. But I knew some things about him better than knew that. Things were different when her and Pa

you, Eli. He would want things just like they are, were young. Now everything was mixed up so much

him buried with the men he fought with. That with war and death until there wasn't any room in

graveyard at Gettysburg stands for something, Eli, you to think.

it's right your Pa should be there with the others."Eli hung his jacket on the peg by the door so he

He looked away from his mother at the sky. It

was the color of the old gray crock his sister Barby worked the butter in. It was the middle of November, and the chill had settled on the Pennsylvania hills.

"I've got to leave here, Ma,"he kept his eyes away from hers. "Ferber said there's wagons leaving in two

days; they're a few miles out of Gettysburg."THE

TENDER Qtrnnr A tender and beautiful story about a boy whose father gave his life and was buried at Gettysburg.

82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA f-fei

3m

.-(ASigM

V

*s

could wash for supper. The silence between Ma "No."He answered her shortly. Then more gently,

and Barby stood out so big he knew they had been "I have to catch Higgins and ride out to where the talking about him when he stepped in. Mostly there wagons are waiting. I won't be in Gettysburg but

was small talk at the table. The important things just to pass through."

weren't mentioned. "Ma and I would take the wagon and go but the

He was in his small attic room sorting things into soap's ready and we can't let it waste."

a bundle when he heard the steps creak. He felt "I won't be seeing you tomorrow, Barby. I'll be

it was Barby, and he was right. She slipped into leaving long 'fore light comes."There were no more

the room without knocking. Barby was fourteen; words to say. Barby only looked, then sprang to him,

her amber eyes were almost the color of her hair and her slender arms around his shoulders, her cheek for right now they were filled with distress. Eli was an instant pressed against him. Then she ran.

upset to see so much fright in her face. Sometimes Eli sat on the side of the bed a long time, finally

she could reach him quicker than Ma could. he put his bundle on the floor and stretched out to

"What we going to do without you, Eli? Just Ma sleep. He felt a loneliness creep into his room, it

and me. How'U we keep the apple orchard up and filled his nostrils. A loneliness that covered the farm,

everything?"the city, the nation born from the emptiness that

"Ferber said he'd help you."death had brought to the land. He dozed once in

"Ferber's half crippled up, he can't do much."awhile but most of the time he turned and tossed

"He's got two strong sons that can."until he gave up trying. He tried his best to miss

"They'll have plenty to do on their own, Eli."the steps that creaked. He put his bundle on the

Eli whirled on her all the frustration of his young kitchen table, then he stepped as softly as possible in years and hurt, the impress of the chaos of the world by his mother's bed.

showing in his face. Moonlight lay over her face and pillow; it brought

"I got to go, Barby, I know you or Ma can't underout the marks of weariness but at the corners of her stand. I can't help it. I got to go!"mouth were etched tender smile lines. He wished

Barby had stepped back from him, he had whirled he hadn't come in to see her, the loneliness was so fiercely on her. Her eyes were washed of their heavier here, but he couldn't leave without being

fright, and she was softly crying. near Ma, without touching her. He knelt and gently

"I can see it in your face, Eli. It's true I can't kissed her cheek then held his breath as she stirred.

understand what's making you, but I can see you're He left the log house quickly. He was leaving betorn inside. You'll have to get it pieced together hind him all the things that tortured him. Somebefore you can settle."where he would get things straightened out.

"I'm sorry, Barby."It was after eleven o'clock in the morning -when he

"What for, Eli?"walked into Gettysburg. Things seemed deserted. He

He studied the few things he had laid on the found the blacksmiths where he was to meet Higgins.

square of blue cloth as if the answer lay among them. Higgins was there examining a shoe on his horse.

"I don't know, Barby, sorry for the dead, more sorry "Mr. Higgins,"Eli addressed him.

for the living, for times like these when you're afraid "Well, you made it; I didn't think you would.

to hope for what's inside me."Thought your Ma would put a stop to your going."

"I got hope, Eli, I'm just sorry you can't find what "I'm here,"Eli said.

you need here,"she hesitated ever so slightly, "you "Listen, Eli, I'm going over and hear President know President Lincoln is going to talk in GettysLincoln dedicate that cemetery before I leave. There's

burg tomorrow. He's dedicating part of the ground."time, another fellow talks first, come on over with

Eli said nothing. He busied himself with his me.

bundle. That was the last thing on earth he wanted Eli's disappointment edged his voice, "No thanks.

to hear, a lot of flowery words about the war and the I'll go on."

dead. "No use to do all that walking when you can wait

"Will you be in town to hear him?"and ride,"Higgins urged him.

iiwPmZi

*.: ';'1m

j\M- vi * \ '\**M-- Hpra

"I'd rather walk on; you can pick me up later."The President stood, the piece of paper in his hand,

Eli swung his bundle back on his shoulder and his moving voice carrying into the audience.

strode off. He was mad. To think Higgins would "Fourscore and seven years ago our fathers brought

fool around here when they might miss the wagons. forth upon this continent a new nation, conceived in

He was just out of the city when he stepped to the liberty..."

side of the road to let a carriage pass. It drew up Eli pushed through the crowd until there was more

and stopped by him; a middleaged man leaned room. He spat into the dirt at his feet as if he had

out of the window. a bitterness in his mouth. There was so much in his

"Boy, would you take something back to town for heart it had seeped up and tasted strong on his me?"tongue. All this talk would never bring his pa back.

Eli's thoughts and feelings were running at cross He shouldn't have brought the paper back. The

sections; he didn't answer. wagons might move on earlier, and he'd miss them.

"There is business away from here I must attend to He swung his bundle to his shoulder, but the words at once. Would you please take a message back to caught at him again.

the President for me? It's imperative he get this as "... we cannot dedicate, we cannot consecrate, we

soon as possible."cannot hallow this ground. The brave men, living

Eli hesitated, "I'm catching some wagons going and dead, who struggled here, have consecrated it

West."far above our poor power to add or detract. The

The look on the man's face was complete unbelief. world will little note, nor long remember, what we

"Most boys would be proud to take this to President say here, but it can never forget what they did here."

Lincoln."Eli tried to shut his ears and heart as he pushed

Eli's eyes narrowed, "How do you know what most through the people. A scowl hovered between hisboys would be?"brows; his eyes still mirrored the tall gaunt man that The man spluttered something Eli didn't catch stood talking. It seemed his eyes were on his back

about the young folks of the day, then he pulled someboring through him. Eli was compelled to turn and

thing from his pocket.

face him, but he wasn't looking at him.

"Here, boy, I'll give you a silver piece to take this "... that from these honored dead we take inback."

It shamed Eli to be offered money for doing a creased devotion to that cause for which they gave the favor. He knew what Ma would think of that. "I'll last full measure of devotion—that we here highly

take it back."resolve that these dead shall not have died in vain—

The man's voice was full of relief, "Thanks, thank that this nation under God, shall have a new birth of freedom—and that government of the people, by theyou very much; here's your money."

The money would probably come in handy on the people, for the people, shall not perish from the road, but he couldn't take it. He slipped the paper earth."

into his jacket pocket and turned on his heel back A hush held the people around Eli, for a second it toward Gettysburg. held him, then he turned and roughly made his way

It was close on to twelve when Eli wormed his out. It surprised him when Higgins called.

way to the edge of the platform where a dark gangly "Well, Eli, see you changed your mind, showed man sat. He looked as if he had been folded into his good sense; now you can ride out. Come on, get up

chair with too much arm and leg left over. Eli held back of me."

the paper up to him. Abraham Lincoln leaned out Eli swung his bundle over then hoisted himself up

to the edge of the platform and took it. He looked at on the horse. They rode close to where the men

it, then at Eli. "Thank you, son,"was all he said. were leaving the platform, and Eli had to look at

Eli moved back from the platform into the crowd. President Lincoln. This time the President's eyes

What right did he have to call him son? Eli thought. were on him; they were grave; and Eli could hear

The people pressed against him, hemming him in; he the words "... this nation under God, shall have a

held on to his bundle the best he could. new birth...."( Continued on page 125

*&r*s

v>>fr-'?'<

rrm, dreds of former illiterate Indians could now read and write. It was also a triumphant day for the clownTeachers faced puppet, "Mr. Guignol."He had served as the

foremost teacher for the cause of literacy.

When rural teachers were denied entrance to backward villages where education was regarded with on a suspicion, only Mr. Guignol was able to convince

them that it was to their advantage to learn. He put

on hundreds of puppet shows, and the people began string to welcome him with open arms. This celebration was

a day of fiesta which brought over four thousand

BY MAURINE CLEMENTS country people into town, all of them dressed in their

In a children's hospital in Mexico City I saw what a very best traditional finery. The village itself was

truly great influence puppets can be. The children, decked with crepe paper and beautiful flowers.

looking pathetically ill and listless, were escorted onto Mr. Guignol was invited to the fiesta in Oaxaca to

the patio by their nurses. They sat down quietly, as offer entertainment in the way of a puppet show for

if it mattered not one whit what happened to them the students who had finished or were waiting for next. their examinations. Along with other diminutive

When the puppets came jumping on the stage and actors, he made his voice heard as he conversed freely began conversing with them informally, calling them with the public. The four thousand people spent an

by name, laughing, and telling funny stories, I became enchanted hour, spellbound with the magic of the aware that every little face was lighted up by a smile, theater's great illusion, and the cause of education and there was a lively state of animation and excitewas advanced immeasurably.

ment that ran through the audience. Puppetry grew, according to legend, out of the

Every child returned to his bed with his eyes gleamdesire of one Capuchin layman to teach Christianity.

ing with the memory of the little people he had He went about the country telling funny stories and just met. making shadow pictures on the wall to illustrate his

Puppetry is not a new form of entertainment, espepoints. This inspired him to make an animated doll

cially in Mexico. There has been much archaeological out of a block of wood. He dressed it in a cloth gown

evidence to show that the Mexican Indians had an and fashioned two pieces of paper into the shape of active puppet theater long before the arrival of the hands. Hanging up a sheet in front of a doorway,

Spanish conquistadores. Puppets are a most popular the stage was set for what may have been the first

form of entertainment among the Mexican people puppet show in history, presented in the interest of and always find a ready audience of young and old Christianity.

alike. They are simply a part of the national backPuppets do not need to be the work of professionals

ground. exclusively. Even kindergarten classes could benefit

The little puppets on the television shows in the from having their own puppet workshops where the

United States are becoming more entertaining and children could make the dolls and learn to animate popular with their viewing audiences. While puppet them. The day's lesson could often be illustrated

shows at present are almost altogether for the purpose with these studentmade puppets.

of entertainment or advertising, they could be used Certainly puppets are the most liberated actors on to great advantage in schools and on television for earth, who can say or do what they wish to the public teaching purposes. Little people like to be enterwithout suffering any recriminations. If a puppet

tained by "little people."And puppets, that always were to make fun of a little boy whose hair wasn't

appear to be funny with their quick, animated stunts combed or whose shoes were not shined, it would be and stories, could be a perfect medium for the painless considered as funny, but if a teacher or a parent acquiring of facts. should make the same remark, it might not be appreIn 1948, when the government of Oaxaca, Mexico ciated. A puppet would be allowed to tease, to scold,

sponsored a campaign for literacy, it staged a special to give advice. In other words, puppets can be encelebration at the end of four years. This celebration, chanted beings who live and breathe only until the

according to Roberto Lago, founder and director of curtain falls, but nevertheless, can become a child's the Teatro Guignol, was to show publicly that hunconscience and leave indelible impressions for good.

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA BiblrSPBrchaeologists have long since given up the old practice of identifying every stone and artifact with something specifically mentioned in the Bible. But

that does not mean that their discoveries do not support and explain the scriptures: to show the authentic "Egypticity"of the book of Exodus, for example,

does not require the identification of specific names, dates, and places at all;

what it does require is the accumulation of data of a general sort that can serve to establish the Egyptian background and coloring of the book. 1 Schliemann did not

discover the treasure of Atreus, as he supposed he had, but he discovered something just as good—the lost world of Atreus. If the Vaphio cups were not used

by Nestor or Priam or Menelaeus they at least are exactly like the cups which

Homer says were used by them; they vindicate the reality of the world of Homer

as effectively as if they had the royal names inscribed on them.

So it is with the Book of Mormon. Years have been spent in attempting to disFEBRUARY 1961 87

cover objects that could be identified with specific ing to the faith and diligence which we gave unto persons, places, and times mentioned in that book. it: And thus we see, that by small means, the Lord

The long experience of Classical and Near Eastern can bring about great things.

archaeology indicates a less "dogmatic"approach, "And it came to pass that I, Nephi, did go forth and suggests that real progress can be made by dealup into the top of the mountain, according to the ing with types and patterns instead of trying to directions which were given upon the ball. And it

pinpoint persons and things. 2 We have in the Book came to pass that I did slay wild beasts, insomuch,

of Mormon, for example, a most interesting apparatus that I did obtain food for our families...."

called the Liahona. Now the chances of finding a

genuine Liahona are, to say the least, remote; but ( P. 155, Mosiah 1: 16 f. ) "And moreover, he also gave

what if something just like it showed up in the hands him charge concerning... the ball or director,

of Lehi's relatives? That should certainly come as a which led our fathers through the wilderness, which

surprise, and even provoke some thought. The Liawas prepared by the hand of the Lord that thereby

hona has given rise to endless merriment and mockery they might be led, every one according to the heed among critics of the Book of Mormon; only the shining and diligence which they gave unto him. Therefore,

stones of the Jaredites can equal it as a laughgetter. as they were unfaithful, they did not prosper nor

Even the present writer, progress in their journey."

for all his curiosity about (P. 329 f., Alma 37:3847)

Book of Mormon oddities, MORE KEEPSAKES "And now my son, I have has always passed it by in somewhat to say concernBY BESSIE SAUNDERS SPENCER an abashed silence—it was ing the thing which our

like nothing he ever heard fathers call a ball, or dihands, to save keepsakes More in myor read of—until the year rector or our fathers called chest to the attic carry To

1959. For it was less That opens like a little grave, it liahona, which is, being

than two years ago that Where memories rest. interpreted, a compass;

an Arabic scholar by the and the Lord prepared it.

name of T. Fahd published On top a baby's ring of gold, And behold, there cannot

the hitherto scattered, An agate taw, a pocketknife—any man work after the

scanty, and inaccessible These are not keepsakes that I hold, manner of so curious a evidence that makes it posBut chips of life! workmanship. And behold,

sible for the first time to it was prepared to shew say something significant unto our fathers the course about the Liahona. But before we consider his report, which thev should travel in the wilderness;

let us see what the Book of Mormon has to say on and it did work for them according to their the subject. This is what the first edition tells about faith in God; therefore if they had faith to

the Liahona: believe that God could cause that those spindles

should point the way they should go, behold, it was (P. 38, 1 Nephi 16:10) "And it came to pass that as my done; therefore they had this miracle, and also many

father arose in the morning, and went forth to the other miracles wrought by the power of God, day by tent door, to his great astonishment he beheld upon the day; nevertheless, because those miracles were worked

ground a round ball of curious workmanship; and it by small means, nevertheless it did shew unto them

was of fine brass. And within the ball were two marvelous works. They were slothful, and forgot to

spindles; and the one pointed the way whither we exercise their faith and diligence, and then those

should go into the wilderness."marvellous works ceased, and they did not progress

(P. 40 f., 1 Nephi 16:2830) "And it came to pass that I, in their journey; therefore, they tarried in the wilderNephi, beheld the pointers which were in the ball, ness, or did not travel a direct course, and were

that they did work according to the faith, and diliafflicted with hunger and thirst, because of their gence, and heed, which we did give unto them. And transgressions.

there was also written upon them, a new writing, "And now, my son, I would that ye should underwhich was plain to be read, which did give us stand that these things are not without a shadow; for

understanding concerning the ways of the Lord; and as our fathers were slothful to give heed to this

it was written and changed from time to time, accordcompass, (now these things were temporal,) they

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA did not prosper; even so it is with things which are whose marvelous workmanship excited great wonder

spirtual. For behold, it is as easy to give heed to the and admiration. Special instructions sometimes apword of Christ, which will point to you a straight peared on this ball.

course to eternal bliss, as it was for our fathers to give 9) The device was referred to descriptively as a ball, heed to this compass, which would point unto them functionally as a director, and in both senses as a a straight course to the promised land. And now I "compass,"or Liahona.

say, Is there not a type in this thing?... 10) On occasion, it saved Lehi's people from perishing

"O my son, do not let us be slothful, because of the by land and sea—"... if they would look they might

easiness of the way; for so it was with our fathers; live."(Alma 37:46.)

for so it was prepared for them, that if they would 11) It was preserved "for a wise purpose"(Alma 37:2,

look, they might live; even so it is with us. The way 14, 18) long after it had ceased to function, having

is prepared and if we will look, we may live forever."been prepared specifically to guide Lehi's party to

(P. 48 f., 1 Nephi 18:12 and 21) "And it came to pass the promised land. (Idem, vv. 39 f.) It was a "type

that after they had bound me, insomuch that I could and shadow"of man's relationship to God during his not move, the compass, which had been prepared of the earthly journey.

Lord, did cease to work; wherefore, they knew not We should not pass by Alma's description without

whither they should steer noting a most remarkable the ship.... And it came peculiarity of verses 40

to pass that after they had and 41. (chap. 37.) Let THE SEARCH

loosed me, behold, I took us read these verses withthe compass, and it did BY VIOLET ADAMS out punctuation, as the work whither I desired it."ancients did:

Listing the salient features Hungry are the pangs of youth "... therefore they had

of the report we get the That they may search forever, this miracle and also many following: Looking for the fruits of truth other miracles wrought by

1) The Liahona was a gift To make their lives seem betterthe power of God day by of God, the manner of its Better for the joys of peace, day nevertheless because delivery causing great Full and glad and glorious, those miracles were worked astonishment. And when their life on earth is done by small means neverReturn to God—victorious.

2) It was neither mechantheless it did shew unto ical nor selfoperating, but them marvellous works worked solely by the power they were slothful and forof God. got to exercise their faith and diligence and then

3) It functioned only in response to the faith, dilithose marvellous works ceased."

gence, and heed of those who followed it. The meaning is perfectly clear: though Lehi's

4 ) And yet there was something ordinary and familiar people enjoyed daily demonstrations of God's power, about it. The thing itself was the "small means"the device by which that power operated seems so

through which God worked; it was not a mysterious ordinary (Alma includes it among "small and simple

or untouchable object but strictly a "temporal thing."things... very small means..."vv. 6-7) that

It was so ordinary that the constant tendency of Lehi's in spite of the "marvellous works"it showed them people was to take it for granted—in fact, they spent they tended to neglect it. We could punctuate the

most of their time ignoring it: hence, according to passage accordingly:

Alma, their needless, yearslong wanderings in the "Therefore they had this miracle, and also many other desert. miracles, wrought by the power of God day by day.

5 ) The working parts of the device were two spindles Nevertheless, because those miracles were worked by or pointers. small means ( albeit it did show unto them marvellous

6) On these a special writing would appear from time works ), they were slothful and forgot to exercise their to time, clarifying and amplifying the message of faith and diligence...."

the pointers. A comparison of various editions of the Book of

7) The specific purpose of the traversing indicators Mormon will show that others have tried their hand was "to point the way they should go."at punctuating these phrases.

8) The two pointers were mounted in a brass sphere The point of this (Continued on page 104)

FEBRUARY 1961 89 WW.

- J aijU*'*** * ** BPt "Mr. Lincoln, we thank you!"Sarah would ask herself as she watched the gangling

From the lowliest hovel, the splendored mansions lad grow to manhood.

of the mighty, this simple prayer of gratitude will echo There he was, seventeen years old, sixfoot-four, skyward during this 152nd anniversary year of our with long legs and arms, melancholy gray eyes, and sixteenth President's birth. a thirst for knowledge. He was battling, as many of

On bended knee, who can whisper Lincoln's name us must battle, to conquer ignorance and command without emotion? Who does not owe a debt to this destiny.

awkward, humble backwoodsman? "Abe can make a cat laugh,"chuckled his nearest

It was a small wooden cabin in the Kentucky wilderneighbors at Gentryville. Business boomed at Jones'

ness that began the Lincoln legend on Feb. 12, 1809. grocery store when Abe was around. He was a popuWhat American, however downtrodden, can look lar storyteller, made speeches, argued public quesupon this rude shack and not admit that he has tions, and made everybody his friend.

greater opportunities to ascend the ladder of success? "That Abe's a politician, but doesn't know it,"his

Who can stand before that cabin and make excuses? audiences often pointed out.

How is it that a gawky, unschooled, sadfaced In 1828 Lincoln was hired at eight dollars a month woodchopper captured the imagination of an entire to work the bow oars on a river barge headed for nation; of the world? Why do we owe him such a New Orleans. That voyage was Lincoln's first brief

great debt? glimpse of the outside world.

Can you picture the Lincoln family, hacking a One night they tied the boat up near Baton Rouge.

The young crew was sleeping soundly in the cabin.

Then Lincoln's long, restless frame loomed upright in the semidarkness.

"We're being plundered!"he yelled.

Two men came at him. Over the side they went.

It was a fierce battle while it lasted, with lanky

Abe and his crew fighting off the river pirates.

What obstacles Lincoln Lincoln where The store as boy, hurdled during those fourteen worked a young and the Lincoln memorial. Indiana years. The Lincolns

could not resist the lush shores of Illinois beckoning from the other side of the Wabash.

"Goodbye, Abe!"his friends chorused as the family wagon lurched toward Vincennes through the

March mud. "Goodbye!"came the highpitched voice of the

path through the Indiana forests to plant a home on cooncapped woodchopper. He was saying farewell

Pigeon Creek? It was just another humble shack—to the mean little cabin, the lonely grave of his

with a corn patch to sustain life. mother, and his youth. It seemed as if the partly

Then came the "milk sickness,"sweeping the hills frozen Wabash was the dividing line between adoand valleys of Spencer County. Nancy Hanks Linlescence and manhood.

coln, Abe's mother, was one of the first victims of the The Lincolns settled on a bluff overlooking the epidemic. Sangamon, five miles south of Decatur. Abe helped

"Be somebody, Abe,"she whispered with her dying plow the soil and fence the new home in.

breath. Ironmuscled Abe split three thousand rails for a

How the silent, lean little boy grieved for his neighbor. He received thirtyseven cents a day for

mother. Only nine years old, and already adult burhis labor. Then came the winter of the "big snow."

dens were placed on his sagging shoulders! He left home to face those blizzards armed only with

Then came the new mother, Sarah Bush Lincoln, a his axe.

kindhearted motherly Christian. She loved the gaunt Lincoln never complained at his lot. Hardship

boy with the deepset eyes. Perhaps she sensed that brought only strength and renewed courage. Never

greatness was growing under the thatched roof of an a murmur of selfpity escaped his lips.

outpost cabin. "How about helping me take a load of supplies

"Abe, who are you to pluck at my heartstrings so?"to New Orleans?"(Continued on page 124)

FEBRUARY 1961 91 "You love pediatrics, don't you, Lynn?"Miss Moore, the supervisor asked. I looked up from the book I was reading to little Johnny

Payne and nodded. But I like any part of hospital work, I thought,

and then suddenly the thought that had been in my mind for weeks asserted itself. I wanted to be a nurse! I sat there, a warm glow

around my heart, until Johnny pulled my sleeve and asked, "More story, Lynn."

I'd been doing volunteer work at the hospital after school and on weekends all spring, and then after graduation from Central High, I signed up for full duty during the summer. Mom shuddered, and said "How can you do it, Lynn? Working with all those grubby germs all day?"But I liked it so much I could hardly

wait to start work each morning.

I was signed up for Briarwood College in September, and because Briarwood was Mom's alma mater, she had her heart set on my going there. She would

be terribly disappointed when I told her I wanted to be a nurse, and I felt bad about that. But I knew now, for sure, that I wouldn't be happy unless I could

be a nurse.

That night at dinner, I told Mom and Dad. Mom stared at me in disbelief.

"Are you out of your mind, Lynn? That's the most the cleaning girl who always clowned, couldn't bring

soul and body destroying job in the world!"a smile to her face.

"No, Mom! You should see how happy those nurses After reporting to the floor supervisor, I stopped in

are at work, and they have to keep physically fit to Miss Aldrich's room. "Hello there,"I said, but she

do their jobs."only smiled faintly. Then I asked if there was anyMom wouldn't even listen. "Get that idea out of thing she wished for. "Yes,"she said, "I wish I were

your mind, Lynn! You're going to Briarwood in your age, and had my life to live over."

September! You're registered there, and you're lucky I wanted to ask her what she meant, but the doctor

to go. Many a girl would give her eyeteeth for that came in then, so I left.

opportunity!"As I went into the cafeteria for lunch, Babs called,

I was heartsick. It's my life, I kept thinking, so "Your mother wants you to telephone her, Lynn."

why can't I choose my career? Why can't Mom Mom's voice was as cheerful as though we hadn't

realize I'm serious about this? Dad stayed neutral, almost quarreled that morning. "Uncle Tim is in

although I knew he was troubled. He was a lawyer town, and we are having dinner with him at the hotel.

and understood people's problems, but somehow, he Could I bring some fresh clothes to you and pick you too, seemed to think this a whim. up at the hospital?"Since it was my day to get off

Alone, I'd plan ways to make them understand. early, I told her to meet me in the lounge at sixthirty.

I was going to say, "If only you knew how much I She was waiting for me when I got through. I

want to do this! It's here, inside of me all of the time! wanted to take a shower, so picked up some magazines

If you'd agree, I'll work hard to be a good nurse and and handed them to her to read. She grimaced and

a credit to you!"Then when the chance came to say pushed them away. "Germs!"she exclaimed.

these things, I'd see Mom's pale face and Dad's harThen I had an inspiration. "Mom, would you do

ried look, and my courage would dissolve like gelatin me a favor, please? There's a patient, Ann Aldrich,

in hot water. on the next floor, and no one ever comes to see her.

Miss Kerwin, the superintendent of nurses, stopped Would you drop in and chat with her a few minutes?"

me one day in the hall. "I've been hearing good She looked a bit annoyed but got up and started tothings about you, Lynn. Have you ever thought of ward the elevator.

becoming a nurse?"I told her briefly what the situaWhen I finished dressing and came back to the

tion was. She pulled her eyebrows together, the way lounge, Mom wasn't there. Just then the elevator

she did when she was thinking hard. ground to a stop, and she stepped out. She was

"I wouldn't advise you to go against your parents'smiling. "I'm glad you suggested going to see her,

wishes, but we do so desperately need good nurses."Lynn. She was so pleased! I'll try and stop by again."

One morning in August, the mail came while we The next morning Miss Aldrich greeted me with a were having breakfast. There was a letter from Briarsmile. "I did so enjoy your mother's visit. I wish

wood, listing the things I was to bring. Mom read she'd come again, soon."So it pleased me, when a

them to me, and suddenly I couldn't stand it any few days later Mom announced that she had a free longer. "I can't go to Briarwood, Mom! Why don't day and would drop around to see Miss Aldrich. I

you understand that all I want is to stay here and had the feeling that it pleased Mom to bring a little become a nurse?"Crying, I flung myself out of the joy into her life, just as hospital work did me, for I

house and headed my car toward the hospital. now felt I was doing something worthwhile and

Babs, the girl who handles assignments, said, "It's contributing a little bit to the betterment of the world.

medical for you today, Lynn,"and tossed the locker From then on, Mom went regularly to see Miss key to me. I liked medical, and there was a patient Aldrich. "I feel sorry for her,"she told us at the

there who interested me. She was Ann Aldrich from dinner table one night. "Her mother died a few

outof-town, and she had been seriously ill. She was months ago, and she is lonesome. I gather that her

so depressed that we all tried to cheer her up, but mother was pretty much the boss. Ann (Mom was

she didn't take any interest in anything. Even Judy, using her first name now) ( Continued on page 111

FEBRUARY 1961 93 Latterday Saint Teachers and THE EVALUATION OF

Techniques of Historical Research

Seriousminded people, after reading several accounts of the same historical event, often become skeptical concerning the reliability of socalled historical evidence. Anyone who reads various accounts of

World War I, written by a German, a French, an English, or an American historian, soon discovers that even supposed "facts"are often given conflicting interpretations, so that the reader finally asks, "What should

I believe about history?"Nationalism, bias, religious viewpoints, ignorance of sources, and other factors contribute to such conflicting opinions.

The earliest historical writers, such as Herodotus, seem to have had one primary purpose, which was to entertain the reader or the listener.

These writers were artists, concerned with making literature, and the literature they produced subordinated reality to the effect they wished to create.

Another type of historical writing, which has had a great vogue, combined literary artistry with an attempt at objectivity. However, these

writers, seemingly, had some preconceived ideas which they wanted to defend or popularize, hence they wrote with such thoughts in mind.

The American historian, George Bancroft, is illustrative of this group of authors; for example, he was concerned with preserving and defending

New England puritanism and the aristocracy of the colonial civilization, which was quite devoid of a feeling for democracy. The result is a

literary masterpiece, but one which hides the true character of the colonial leaders of our country, their support of slavery, their exclusion of the majority of the people from voting, and landtenure systems which were almost perpetuations of European peasantry.

A third type of history writing, which has been stressed during the last century, is the modern school of objective history writing. Leopold

von Ranke (17951886) is considered its founder. He insisted that history should be written from reliable sources, not from tradition, hearsay,

or legend. Speaking of history, he said, "... its aim is merely to show

what actually happened."

In order to arrive at this ideal of historical objectivity, a great deal of help was needed from what the historians call the "auxiliary sciences."

These are disciplines designed to evaluate the authenticity of that which forms the basis of historical material. These are usually considered to

be geography, chronology, philology, epigraphy, heraldry, hermeneutics, numismatics, heuristics, and diplomatique.

CONDUCTED BY THE UNIFIED CHURCH SCHOOL SYSTEM.

HISTORICAL SOURCES An illustration of the application of some BY T. EDGAR LYON ASSOCIATE DIRECTOR

of these "auxiliary sciences"to establish the SALT LAKE INSTITUTE OF RELIGION validity of historical claims is found in the famous case of the socalled "Forged Decretals"or "PseudoIsidorian Decretals."This

was a body of documents, beginning with the

Donation of Constantine, including supposed decrees from various emperors and popes.

These formed the basis on which the Roman

Catholic papacy was founded with its claim to leadership of the universal Christian church.

Lorenzo Valla in the fifteenth century exposed these forgeries. By applying the method of

chronology, he proved the Donation of Constantine was a fraud, since it was dated with a numbering system not yet in use in the fourth century, when it was supposed to have been written. By the use of epigraphy, he proved

that the form of the letters used betrayed some of the documents to be of eighth century origin. Using philology, he proved that words

and expressions were used which had not been invented in the fourth century. Using

hermeneutics, he proved interpolations of a period subsequent to the supposed date of the document. With diplomatique techniques,

he showed that the material on which they were written, the variety of ink used, and the form of the documents, proved them to be forgeries from centuries later than their supposed origin.

Application of Historical Methodology by LDS Teachers From the evaluation of sources by scientific historians, certain principles have become fairly well established. Among these certain

principles we need to be aware of the following as we evaluate our historical material:

1. Perceptions of time. It has been established that after a lapse of about twenty years

or more, many people cannot give an accurate account of their own experiences. This principle is shown by some stories now current about

our Latterday Saint pioneers. In their declining years some of them related incidents that

occurred while journeying to the West. But

in checking such accounts against the official journal of the party with which they traveled, as well as journals kept by members of the party, discrepancies appear. This is not because these elderly people were intentionally

telling untruths, but their memories did not accurately report the events of long ago, and later incidents and stories they heard from others sometimes became mixed with their own. 5. Rewritten diaries. Many of our pioneer fore-

2. Reports of conversations and meetings. Our bears kept diaries, then at a later date rewrote them,

minds can play tricks on us. We can think we are leaving out some of the things which they thought

reporting things as they happened, but a check with would be best left unknown, or parts which seemed contemporary records often reveals great discrepanof no interest to them. The socalled diary of Martha

cies. Here again, afterthoughts enter our minds, what Cragin Cox, interesting though it is, was composed in

we wished we had said or should have said, becomes this manner. It leaves dozens of questions unaninterwoven in our minds with what actually occurred. swered. Perhaps the answers to many of these quesFor this reason, verbal reports of such affairs are often tions could have been found in the original diaries

unreliable. A case in our Church history illustrates which she subsequently destroyed.

this point. During the 1890's two men undertook to 6. Edited autobiographies should be considered

record a conversation they purportedly had with the with great caution. They are of greatest value only

Prophet Joseph Smith at Nauvoo a halfcentury earlier. after the situations reported are verified or supported

It is now known as "The White Horse Prophecy."It from other sources. It often happens that some wellis one of the pieces of apochryphal Church literature meaning child or relative selects portions of a diary

which Church historians and Authorities have not acfor publication leaving out other parts which might cepted as authentic. They are aware that after a lapse show another side of the person. What is allowed to

of fifty years, it would be questionable for a person remain often does not give a true reflection of the to give accurate quotations from a conversation. actual happenings.

3. Memoirs need to be considered with a very critical 7. Newspapers. The very nature of a newspaper

mind. People who write memoirs often do it for one makes it necessary to rush material into print before

of three reasons: to justify their acts; to give their there is adequate time to investigate the sources of

version of the events which they discuss; or to defend the news and verify its accuracy. Furthermore, what

their part in some movement or incident. Their writmay appear in a newspaper on a given day may be

ings may be honest and forthright, but on the other but a small segment of a larger issue which might hand, they may represent a very onesided account of take weeks or months to be seen as a whole, and a certain events. Such accounts need to be evaluated fragmentary piece of the story might give an erroneous

by comparing them with the same story as told by view of the whole. In addition to these two foregoing

other witnesses and with the written records of the limitations, newspapers must maintain circulation. To

period. An illustration of this is found in the number do this they often provide a certain amount of exciteof people who, after the Latterday Saints had estabment, thrills, appeals to the emotions, and at times

lished successful settlements in the Great Basin, took resort to sensational reporting to hold reader interest.

upon themselves the honor of having directed the The most valuable part of a newspaper, as a hisMormons to their mountain valleys. The contempotorical source, is usually found in its editorials. They

rary records reveal no such helpful suggestions prior reflect the trends of the time or the feeling of a comto the actual settlement. munity better than any other source.

4. Diaries. Some of our early Church members 8. Hearsay. For a number of years I have been

made daily entries in their journals, giving their imone of the judges of the Pioneer Story Contest sponpressions of what happened during the day. Such sored by the Sons of the Utah Pioneers Luncheon

diaries are priceless, showing the contemporary reacClub. From all quarters of the country come entries

tion to the events of the time. The diary of William purportedly told by pioneer ancestors of the present

Clayton is of this type. But many diaries are of a writers. Over the years, many of these same stories

different type. Their authors were not persistent, have made their appearance, coming from different

often letting months, or sometimes a year pass, then branches of the family.

attempting to complete the diary after such a lapse It is fair to assume that Grandpa and Grandma reof time by trying to remember what had happened lated an incident to their children, who in turn passed since the previous entry. The interval between the it on by word of mouth to their children. That original

event and the recording of it not only caused a loss story, whatever it might have been, is now found in a of much that had happened, but often what was dozen different versions, coming from members of the written also reflected events in the light of later occursame family. What was its original form? What did

rences. Although such diaries are interesting, there Grandpa actually relate? This often cannot be demay be many things in them which are piecemeal, termined at this late date. Perhaps one version is

not complete, and not altogether in accord with the true, and the other eleven versions erroneous. They

actual events. might all contain errors. (Continued on page 112)

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THESE ARE DAYS DEMANDING A SPECIAL KIND OF COURAGE,

NOT ONLY THE KIND NEEDED IN BATTLE, BUT ALSO COURAGE

WHICH MOVES US TO STAND UP FOR WHAT WE KNOW IS RIGHT,

FOR EVERYTHING THAT IS GOOD AND TRUE AND HONEST.

The Era of Youth FEBRUARY 1961

Marion D. Hanks, Editor; Elaine Cannon, Associate Editor

Now behold, there were two thousand of those young men who...

took their weapons of war to defend their country.

And they were all young men, and they were exceedingly valiant for courage, and also for strength and activity; but... this was not all—they

THE 2,000 SONS were men who were true at all times in whatsoever thing they were

OF HELAMAN entrusted.

Yea, they were men of truth and soberness, for they had been taught to keep the commandments of God and to walk uprightly before him.

(Alma 53:18, 2021.)

During several years of service in the US Army, especially since Pearl

Harbor, I have had the privilege of ministering to the needs of many members of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

The Mormon boys whom I knew intimately overseas were such outAn Army Chaplain standing, good soldiers in every sense of the word that I found myself speaks about Mormon wondering from time to time if they were a specially selected group. But

boys and courage when I came to Fort Ord I had to dismiss that idea.

The Mormon boys on duty at this post have what it takes! There's

something about a Mormon soldier! He loves the United States. He is

loyal to Almighty God. Apparently, no Mormon lad leaves his religion

at home when he accompanies the colors to the battlefield. Undoubtedly,

that is the chief reason why it is comparatively easy for Mormon soldiers to carry on without shamming, without shirking, without sniveling. Anyway, neither worldliness on the one hand nor the roaring of guns on the

other, affect their faith in or loyalty to God or country. Naturally, therefore, as an American, I am proud of them.

BY LT. COL. IRA FREEMAN

U. S. ARMY CHAPLAIN

JYMME SCHOURUP

ACTRESS

At 6 a.m. Jymme Schourup, age 17, is up and ready for seminary.

Depending on the demands of her young career she might next be at San

Gabriel (California) High School, on the set at Disney Studios, or headed for a record date at Dot. At either of the latter two, she'll be called Miss

Roberta Shore, and a portable tutor will be on hand to sandwich in her required education while she works. With such a busy schedule it's only

natural that a good Latterday Saint like Jymme, or Roberta, is happy that seminary comes first! At Church she's also busy being assistant

dance director in MIA, singing in the Polyhymnians, a stake youth chorus, not to mention achieving her Individual Award for the fifth year.

Says Jymme when asked what she'd advise fellow teens, "If you really want something badly enough, then you should be willing to work;

just practise, practise, and practise!"Jymme's list of achievements in

show business attests to her zest for work. She's been Eddie Cantor's

daughter on Playhouse 90, guest actress on Father Knows Best, feminine lead in Disney's Shaggy Dog, and ingenue lead in Because They are Young, a new Columbia picture featuring Dick Clark. And we could fill an additional page with her other professional accomplishments.

But most of all, Jymme wants to spread the gospel to all she meets.

"Uphold the standards of the Church and never be ashamed of the gospel teach others when you have the opportunity,"she told us. And the most

exciting times for Roberta are when she can have influence doing the things that her religion tell her are for the good of all, such as her latest recording assignment for Dot Records. She'll be singing the newly adopted

national teenage peace song: "Let There Be Peace on Earth (Let It Begin

with Me)."She's thrilled about contributing her talents to such a worthy

cause and thinks that all of you teens should make this your special theme song for a better world.

When Jymme returned from Australia last spring, where she was on tour with the "Mousketeers,"her greatest thrill was having fulfilled an invitation to speak to three ward groups. Jymme, her sister and brother,

her mom and dad are all active members of the Las Flores Ward, Pasadena

Stake,'in Southern California. byPHOTOrobertBY AUTHORperine

A FOOTBALL STAR who knew which things mattered most

and chose to serve them

A few years ago a rugged Mormon boy, Gilbert Tobler, gaincl wide honors playing football for the University of Utah. He was an allaround athlete whose qualities made him an attractive possibility for

professional sports. One day, at the conclusion of his college career, Gil

brought a visitor to Temple Square and accompanied him with a guide on a tour of the grounds. The visitor was a representative of a professional

football organization who had come hoping to sign Gil to play for his team.

I asked Gil if he had received an offer, and if he intended to accept it. He answered that he had received an offer but had not accepted it. I

asked him if the inducements were not enough, and he replied that they were very attractive and included the possibility of help in getting a medical education during his offseason months. Why would he reject

such an offer? "Because"he said, "I have been called on a mission and

I have accepted that call."

The next time I saw Gil Tobler he had completed an honorable and very successful mission in South Africa, had finished his medical schooling, and was pursuing his training as a specialist. At the same time he

was serving as president of a small branch of Chinese and Polynesian serving the Lord and his fellow men. Saints—in his modest, manly way

He had early in his life settled on his purpose and principles and would not turn away from them through the lure of attractive, temporal goals or material possessions.

Now living in New York working as an orthopedic specialist with the

Public Health Service, Dr. Gilbert Tobler and his family are active, faithful members of the Church, still choosing to serve the "... things that

matter most."m. d. h.

When Linda Wormald of Portland, Oregon, completed her junior year at University of Oregon, she felt she was on "loose sands."There

seemed to be no foundation on which to base her life's hopes. Her faith

wasn't founded on clear principles. She had studied her Protestant faith

CONVERT more diligently lately. She had investigated Catholicism. Still she was

restless. She couldn't agree with many of the things she had learned. She

felt she didn't know God, understand repentance, and couldn't reason out the resurrection.

During the past summer she worked side by side with a Mormon girl, Sue Emmett, who lived her religion, who was "unashamed of the gospel of Jesus Christ."The two girls spent most of their spare moments

and lunch hours talking Mormonism. Linda recalled that eleven years

ago, while on a family vacation, they had visited Temple Square in Salt

Lake City. She still had a pleasant memory of that experience. Some

time later, missionaries had called at their home, and the family had heard a lesson or two but were disinterested.

One evening Sue invited her summerwork-friend to the family home to hear missionaries explain the gospel. Each Monday evening she became

better acquainted with these lessons. Then shortly after July 4th, the

missionaries began urging Linda to prepare herself for baptism by

August 6th. She courageously tackled the Book of Mormon and studied

the lessons, trying to understand Mormonism.

Just before the August baptism date, the missionaries held a fireside, bringing together all the investigators with whom they had been working.

Linda felt she was being "swept along,"pressured into baptism, and she resented it. Finally, she found a dark room upstairs in the chapel and

prayed fervently for guidance. Linda's answer came in a very satisfying

manner to her. She came downstairs and told Sue and the missionaries,

"I am ready to join your Church, and I also plan to go to BYU this coming fall."

On August 6, 1960, she was baptized a member of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

It took courage to tell her parents and friends what she had done, to break her ties at the University of Oregon, to face a new school experience for her senior year, changing her major, too, because of credit differences.

But she did all of this. She feels she has been richly blessed as a result

of her embracing Mormonism, for Mormonism opened the door to an intellectual as well as spiritual understanding that Linda wishes she could share with many more students. fred a. schwendiman

There is a remarkable aspect of the great missionary program of the

Church which doesn't receive much attention but which is very effective and fruitful in its results. It is the -part being played by teens in teaching

the gospel to their friends and families. Hundreds have joined the Church

through association with LDS young people in schools, communities, and

TEEN TEACHERS in the armed services. Many thousands more could be attracted and

taught if more young Latterday Saints would accept the challenge of sharing with nonMormon friends the principles and programs and inspiration of the Church.

Hoiv about you? Are you doing your part? Do your nonmember

friends know about the gospel? Are you having the joy that comes from

missionary service?

Many of you will one day be called by the Church to serve as fulltime missionaries or stake missionaries. Some of you might not have that

opportunity. But whether you do or not, you can do missionary work

among your associates now How does one go about introducing friends to the gospel and the

Church? What do you teach them? How do you get started? What do

you do? Here are some suggestions.

HOW TO START

Get a group of friends together and ask a recently returned missionary to teach you the basic lessons that are being used so successfully all over the world. m Do some serious studying on your own! Learn what the gospel is.

m Attend classes and really listen. Be prayerful. Have as much interest

and seek for as much faith as the new converts acquire when they come into the Church. After all, many of them are your age, and they have had

to learn and choose for themselves. Can you do as much?

HOW TO INTEREST YOUR FRIENDS m Be sincere, be genuine, be resourceful, After all, the gospel is the most precious gift you could give them.

m Invite them to worship with you. Use special meetings and occasions

as reasons to ask them. Conferences, dedications, Thanksgiving or

Christmas Day services, and other special gatherings offer a wonderful opportunity.

p- Ask them if they know anything about the Church, and if they would like to. Be ready to teach them

m Get your seminary principal or teacher to plan a special day or class period or social when you can take your friends with you as guests to observe what goes on at the seminary. The same thing could be done in

Sunday School or MIA to provide a fine opportunity to get your friends acquainted with the Church.

Enlist your family in your program. A family meal or a family

evening with a family prayer and good family fellowship would be a revelation to some of them and a real blessing to any of them. (It would

be a great thing for the family, too!)

m Plan to invite friends to attend or participate in athletic contests, operettas, plays, and other activities. (Do you know that in 1959 more

than 1,400 girls were activated or brought into the Church through the girls athletic program?)

w Read and then pass on to them a fine book like Larry, which includes the story of a wonderful teenager's introduction to Mormonism. A great

book like A Marvelous Work and a Wonder might do the trick, too.

Use the Church publications to share good things with them. Some

of the teen articles in the Era of Youth will make a fine conversation piece. If you really mean your friendship and interest, you could scrimp

a little and present a subscription of the Era to a choice friend.

Take advantage of good opportunities to talk about serious things.

Like you, all need to know the meaning of life, and if you are sincere and prepared, many of them will talk and listen.

W The heart of the effort, of course, is you. Your sincerity, your knowledge, your faith, your testimony, your courage are the big issues. You

won't want to impose on your friends, or to seem smug or arrogant. But

if you love the gospel and loveyour associates, you'll know that there isn't any more joy available in the world than to see them get together. It

who have may well be that you can start the wonderful process of conversion.

is important. What you do is probably more important. learned how to What you say

What you are matters most of all. Learn and live and love the gospel...find happiness

then you won't be content not to share it, and you'll bring great joy to through sharing it others, and incidentally, find great joy yourself. marion d. hanks

Now a hero is made, not born, so they say.

That means it can happen to you,

But bravery in battle seems simple indeed and there are When faced with SOME things one must do.

some other kinds It takes loads of courage, for instance, to stand of courage And deliver a sermon in Church,

To look a boy right square in the eye

If you are THE girl on his perch!

To be the lone boy on the block with a flute

And carry it to and from school,

To reach your twelfth birthday—become an adult

And abide by the movie fee rule,

To brave the big world of commerce and trade

And apply for your very first job.

Or obey mother's wishes on inclement days

And go forth looking just like a "gob."

Then one is expected to smile and all that

Though a loser in championship play

And behave civilly to the teacher at school

Who spoiled your straight A's report day.

When the crowd's gossiping behind someone's back,

You dare to speak out in defense,

Or when at a party it's time to go home

To be the lone one with good sense.

And to ask for the car; to call for a date

To first meet her mother and dad,

Yes, these are some moments that test a teen's courage,

But with it things are not so bad! elaine cannon

DALE REX Dale Rex was a farm boy from a small Utah community who became who lived an outstanding student and athlete at Brigham Young University. He

courageously and was a giant of a man in many ways. He stood six feet seven inches tall

died a hero and was a personable, friendly, and muchloved young American.

During World War II Dale volunteered for service and was soon in action as an assistant machine gunner of a unit assigned to establish a diversionary bridgehead across the Moselle River. Early in the fighting,

his gunner was killed. Dale Rex immediately took over the gun and

manned it for more than sixty straight hours while assault after assault was made by companies of the enemy's most effective troops. But his

greatest acts of heroism were yet to come.

A wonderful athlete, Dale Rex swam the raging river and returned with rowboats for the wounded and nonswimmers. He took off his own

clothing to warm the suffering. According to official records during rescue

operations, he swam the river at least four times, and he continued to save drowning men from the river until the unit was safely withdrawn. For

this heroism, far above and beyond the call of duty, Dale was awarded the

Distinguished Service Cross.

Dale Rex was killed a short time later while leading an assault through an open field on an enemy position. A recommendation for a posthumous

award stated that "Sergeant Rex heroically remained exposed to enemy fire, until killed while covering the advance of his unit."

Perhaps the best example of Dale's courage was in the devotion with which he lived the gospel and remained true to his high ideals and purposes. Those whom he led had an almost reverent respect for him, and

many of them wrote sorrowing letters declaring him to be the finest man they had ever known.

During the height of the conflict, Dale wrote home telling of his great desire to serve on a mission and of his distress in the tragic drama in which he was playing a part. Nevertheless, he said he would not have

chosen to be anyplace else than in the heat of battle, because he knew that winning the war was of crucial importance to his beloved country. This

is what he wrote to his grandmother on her birthday:

"Even here upon this battlefield in France, I give thanks for the privilege I have of living upon the face of this earth, as without this opportunity of gaining a mortal body, all eternity would not be complete. I am

thankful I can fight for the things I know are right and for the land I know is choice above all lands.

"Without you, Grandmother, I wouldn't have the priesthood of Jesus

Christ. The testimony which I have has grown with me since childhood,

so your efforts have not been in vain. I pray my testimony may grow as

the days go by, and that I will never do anything that would bring dishonor to my name."

Time out.

Bart, John, and the other three members of their basketball team surrounded the coach for some last minute advice. With only a minute left

in the final game of the state championship playoffs, the score was tied.

COURAGE John and Bart were generally recognized as the top two players in

TO BE GREAT the state, but no one was quite sure which was the better of the two. Nearly

everyone felt that the man who took the scoring honors would be named "Most Valuable Player."In spite of their natural inclination toward

team play, both youths were brought to a realization of their personal competition when, as they broke from their brief huddle with the coach,

A PRIZEWINNING YOUTH ERA SHORT STORY someone announced that Bart was leading John by one point.

The ball was in play again. A foul was called against Bart. The

first shot was good. The second rebounded and was knocked to John. He

broke free on a fast break and sank a onehander, putting his team one point ahead.

Time was running out. Their opponents, feeling the press of the

clock, worked the ball feverishly. Suddenly, in a flash, John comprehended the play they were setting up. He charged ahead at exactly the

right moment and intercepted a vital pass. A glance at the clock. Only

eight seconds left. All he had to do now was freeze the ball, and they

would win! His last field goal had put his team ahead, and him one point

ahead of Bart in points scored.

"You're chicken,"says the girl friend on a foursome blind date to Marge who refuses to indulge in the petting going on. "Chicken, chicken!"is

the taunt of a crowd of teens to a young boy who refuses to fight with a big husky who has been purposely tantalizing him. "Chicken"is the slur

thrown at Joe who hesitates to throw rocks at the school windows or the

IF THEY taunt received by Stan who refuses to steal a pocketknife in a shoplifting

CALL YOU CHICKEN spree. "Chicken!"they sneer at Jane who chooses Sacrament meeting

on Sunday afternoon over a movie.

Most young people dread being called "chicken"because it seems to denote being a traitor, or a poor sport, a goodygoody, or just a wet blanket who keeps others from having a good time. Those who use the term, who

do the namecalling are often the wayward, bullying kind, but for this reason they are noisier and harder to stand up to.

Some teens succumb to the taunt of "chicken"or similar words, giving up intelligent behavior in the doing. They want crowd approval more

or they are not converted enough to their own beliefs of right to give them the will power they need.

An example of one who succumbed is Laura Stoker. When she entered

my classroom last fall, I was startled to see the disfigurement of her lovely face that I had come to know so well the spring before. I wanted

to call out right then, "Laura, what has happened to you?"But I refrained.

Later the tragic story came out. Laura had been driving a convertible

up the canyon with three other girls when a carload of boys they barely knew began racing with them. The road was narrow and winding. Sixty

miles an hour was far too fast to be driving under the existing conditions.

Seven seconds. In their anxiety to score, the other team had pulled in too close. John's

interception caught them off guard. Only one defender was between him

and the other basket, and in the clear, breaking for the basket, was Bart.

Six seconds. John's mind raced as he dribbled. His last basket had put his team

ahead. His pass interception had clinched the game. But would people

remember that if he passed to Bart and Bart made the last two points, the two points that would make him high scorer over John? Bart would

not miss.

Five seconds. Out of the corner of his eye he saw another teammate also in the

clear, but too far from the basket to score in the seconds that were left.

Should he pass to him instead of Bart? If it were anyone but Bart,

would he hesitate? He certainly would not hesitate if it meant the team

winning or losing, but it didn't. They had already won. Should he throw

away fame and glory? How would he feel about it later? There was so

little time to think.

Four seconds. The lone defender charged. John passed.

Every young man aspires to greatness. Some say fame and greatness

are synonymous. Others claim that greatness is a quality of character

associated with sacrifice.

To whom did John pass?

He passed that he might have greatness. by george a. mortimer

GALVESTON BRANCH, HOUSTON (TEXAS) STAKE

"I knew all this then,"Laura told me, "but the kids kept calling me 'chicken'whenever I'd slow down even a little bit. I just couldn't take

that. You see, I was really just getting in with the gang and wanted to stay

in good with them. So I was foolish enough to risk our lives. Of course,

I didn't think this through at the time. I guess that was just the trouble

I wasn't thinking at all. Julie was hurt worst of all. She's still unconscious... my very best friend. Umpteen more grafting operations and

I won't be such a witch, but, Julie, she'll never be able to do anything, ever."Laura was sobbing, and I wasn't too sure that Laura herself

was ever really going to get over the results of that grim accident.

How can you learn to stand up against "chicken"calling?

First of all, you need to be vaccinated against it by knowing what it is and what kind of people do it. You need to discuss it in Church

classes and with your family and thus be somewhat prepared beforehand to cope with such childish tactics.

Second, you may need to be surer of your own ideals and of the goals you want to reach in life and how any kind of compromise might keep you from reaching them.

Third, join ranks with popular, successful young leaders who are also strong for what's right and stand up against the "chicken"callers.

Finally, remember that it's smart for many reasons to be a Latterday Saint; it's smart to reach your goals as a true member of the Church.

I'll be seeing Laura often. She's a reminder to me of what succumbing

to "chicken"calling can do to a person. If they call you "chicken,"consider

the source, remember your goals, remember Laura, by Caroline e. miner

ALL ABOUT COURAGE... from Cover to Conversation Piece in this

month's Era o f Youth. Consider, too, the courageous person who rises

above his environment, who overcomes obstacles, physical handicaps, personality blocks, and DOES something special ivith his life. Some folks CONVERSATION worry along behind excuses... "well, he's a naturalborn athlete"... "her

PIECE folks are richer than mine"... "my parents don't give me any support

at home"... "but I'm so tall"... "being short is such a disadvantage"...

"no one ever told me to—."And so on. Excuses for some; challenges for

others, who take what they have to work with, what fate hands them, and do something good with it. How brave can you get?

KUDOS TO: Nancy Ann Adlard of Independence, Missouri, who boasts a list of

crowns as long as her blond hair. But when

THE contest arrived which required that all the girls appear in specially created strapless gowns, Nancy withdrew. Pressed by judges

for a reason, she finally explained her standards of modesty. Result: The committee

sent an order back to the factory for more fabric. A dressmaker fashioned a new necktine and sleeves. And Nancy appeared in

the event looking lovely, winning the admiration of all concerned for not compromising her ideals, even for a glamorous moment.

QUESTION: Why is it such a frightening experience to stand up and

speak in testimony meeting? I manage to get along with a normal amount

of anxiety in most situations, but I seem to become terribly emotional when

I try to bear my testimony, and I know many others feel the same.

I'D LIKE TO KNOW JANET.

We who have expressed our testimonies before others know exactly what you mean, Janet. We, too, have been moved by the emotion that

usually accompanies this experience.

Bearing testimony is a very sacred and serious act and one that should properly make us meek and humble. To some of the early elders

of the Church the Lord said that the testimonies they had borne were "recorded in heaven,"and that the angels rejoiced over them. When

we give our personal witness, we are expressing the most solemn and sweet and important assurances of our hearts. We are obeying his commandment to "thank the Lord thy God in all things."We are testifying,

through a "broken heart and a contrite spirit,"that we are grateful for his marvelous gifts to us.

A testimony is deeply personal. As we express ours, we earnestly

sense our limitations and our need for God. We feel our weakness and

are humble before his holiness. We are moved by our appreciation for

his goodness and his love.

As we accept the sacred and solemn privilege of bearing testimony and as we continue to study and pray and to live the life of the gospel—we

grow in the courage and capacity to witness our faith before God and our fellow men. But there remains always with the experience the sincere

emotion that flows from a grateful heart touched by the Spirit of the Lord.

MARION D. HANKS

theBOOK MORMON A Book of Mormon Lesson for Life

Johnny, a% Parentto-be nr> BY PRESIDENT MARION D. HANKS

OF THE FIRST COUNCIL OF THE SEVENTY

Suppose you were going to teach a lesson or give be done to change parents by sons or daughters who a talk to a group of young Latterday Saints on the themselves are resolutely trying to improve upon their theme of the very first words in the Book of Mormon: heritage.

"I, Nephi, having been born of goodly parents...."What can and should be taught is that though we

(1 Nephi 1:1.) This wouldn't be very difficult, would may not be in a position to do much about improving

it? After all, there could scarcely be a more uniour parents, there is everything we can do about decidversally accepted fact—it is a marvelous advantage to ing what kind of parents our own children will have!

be born to good parents and into a home where the From the great scriptural affirmation "I, Nephi, having child is wanted and will be loved and trained and been born of goodly parents..."we can teach with

taught and given good example. effective emphasis and sincerity, "I, John, desiring

But suppose you were well acquainted with the earnestly one day to become a goodly parent...."

group you were to teach and knew that among them Someone has said, "It is desirable to be well were at least several young people to whom this lesdescended, but the glory belongs to our ancestors."

son, taught in the usual way, would be a heartbreak To become a goodly parent is a challenge and and a cause of uneasiness and embarrassment? Here objective fit for the strongest and most determined

is John whose parents have provided an example of young person, and the achieving of this goal lies a very unexemplary home, who have separated or squarely on the shoulders of the individual. One can

divorced after bitterness and disloyalty and tragic become what he sincerely desires and wills to be.

constant controversy. John is fighting his way to a There is, of course, much more that must be congood life, anxious and determined to make something sidered and said while one teaches such a lesson. There

of himself and to prepare for a happy home of his is the responsibility of children to parents, of parents own. There sits Phyllis whose folks have chosen a to their children, and of prospective parents to their

course directly opposite from that which they once future children, to explore and ponder.

followed and which she wants to live. Across the

room is Robert who loves his dad but is confused Children to Their Parents because Dad thinks hunting and fishing and ball To Moses on the mount (Exodus 20:12) the Lord

games, and maybe tobacco and alcohol, are more imgave an eternally applicable commandment: "Honour

portant than his priesthood opportunities. thy father and thy mother...."In Proverbs 6:20 it is

How will you teach your lesson with these youngwritten: "My son, keep thy fathers commandment, and

sters in the group? forsake not the law of thy mother."Many young

You will want to face the facts of your situation persons have the confusing and difficult problem of squarely as you begin, acknowledging that while each learning to differentiate between the honor due their of us understands that the enjoyment of a desirable parents because they are their parents and have heritage is a great blessing, many parents and homes blessed them with the chance to live, and the wrong are not what they ought to be. Frequently and comchoices those parents have made and the bad example

mendably, devoted, courageous young people exert they have set. No child is bound to follow a parent

a favorable influence on parents and homes, but it is into degradation or dereliction or untruth, but every often true that there is discouragingly little that can child is commanded of (Continued on page 113)

FEBRUARY 1961 97 When our seventh baby was nearly a year old, I visited We'd had four little girls in a row, then twin boys.

my doctor to tell him I thought we were expecting Our newest little fellow, the seventh, I was sure was again. A kindly, unhurried man, he often gave me the sweetest thing that ever happened. "Why, we've

his valuable time to discuss various problems. On a wonderful family,"I thought, "why should anyone

this day I appreciated his fatherly manner more than want more!"

usual, for what he told me was not easy to underAs it happened, however, the doctor was mistaken.

stand. There would be no more babies. Several months later, we had another little

My husband Ray and I had long since agreed that boy. He is now eight years old and

we would have our family "just as they came."If -has five younger sisters

this sounds naive, we felt our perfect health and our and brothers!

religion justified it. Ray had never missed a day of

work because of illness, and we knew our children would never become burdens of public charity.

So, after having a baby for every year or yearand-a-half since we'd been married, it was something of a shock to be told there would be no more.

I thought it over and decided calmly, "If that's the way the Lord wants it, I've no objections."

when he left for school, I kissed him goodbye, and he gave me a quick hug, stuffed his fists into his pockets, and swaggered off to school; such a selfassured little

manof-theworld! For the thousandth time,

I wondered, "What would I do without him!"

The next little boy, sixteen months younger, reached joke of it. I often wonder how they'd react if I dared

for a kiss; but broke away as he suddenly remembered, to tell them the simple truth: that "walking by faith"

"Hey, one of my teeth is loosed!"An old story? Not can be a most gratifying and practical way of life.

when the thrill of it each time is new to them. The Lord has so many ways of sending help, aside

The next two little girls, four and five, stood beside from the very real help our parents give us in furnishme as we waved the boys out of sight. Then Janet ing many of the children's clothing. I'm sometimes

tugged at my arm for completely overwhelmed at the unexpectedness of a attention. gift.

"You know what?"There was the time Ray was working in the home

stores. of shoe Although chain a at of a owns I grinned down man who it of appreciative his of he children was own, has he her because no I knewHow

the answer. When the number of ours and thrilled us by inviting Ray

she was sure I was to come into one of his stores and pick out any shoes listening, her little he wanted.feels to face lighted, and she Another time, I was shopping for a maternity dress.

beamed up at me I tried on a lovely one—that I never should have withthrough the fringe out looking at the price. From then on, nothing else

of dark lashes and looked right, though I admitted it was more than Ibe the sang out, "I luz you!"dared spend. The owner of the shop was helping me

I swooped her up and happened to ask about our family. She seemed

in my arms and felt so amazed and pleased that she not only cut the price the warmth of her of the dress ten dollars, but got two more things offMother little body pressed the racks and gave them to me.

* tight against me. When my oven broke down so that I could no

I grateful a time, twice week, lo and behold, I won a new am a "How * i J- PCy| -r m J I silently prayed. longer bake the necessary dozen loaves of bread at this didn't miss stove ovens! with two we

'How, then, can I doubt that "the Lord will proBY MARVEL SHARP 0ne crookston Over her shoulder, I vide"?

caught sight of our little Robert, But I'm constantly aware that having a family and three, sitting on the rug where the sunproviding for them financially is only the beginning beams streaming through the window formed of our responsibilities. Each child is an individual

a halo of his whitegold baby hair. He was who needs guidance in working out his own salvation.

solemnly engrossed in a little wooden box of oddsized If any of these fail in finding happiness or conforming screws his daddy keeps for fixit jobs. He scatters to the rules of society when he gets out on his own,

them a dozen times a day and I have to drop whatever I would feel that we have failed.

I'm doing while we all pitch in for the pickup game. Although psychologists claim that children from a

Would I exchange that and all that goes with it large family often are better adjusted to life than for the peace and solitude I'd have now with the older adults, I know this alone is certainly no guarantee! To

seven in school all day? Oh, no, because then I help prevent problems from arising, I've allowed our

couldn't hear our little David gurgling here beside oldest, now in high school, to limit her household me with his new birthday bunny. He has his chubby chores mostly to her own room and personal belonglittle fingers over his eyes playing peek-a-boo with it. ings. This way, she has time for club activities,

I laugh right out loud when I think how perfectly Mutual, study as an honor student, and her music.

satisfied we were with seven. The help I've had with the children's musical eduWhen people ask me how on earth we expect to cation has been another testimony to the goodness

support so many with only Ray's weekly wage to look of people. A neighbor who teaches a wonderful

forward to, I usually make a cheaperby-thedozen course with a good background of theory and har- *See epilogue, page 100. monics offered them lessons at fifty cents each! Two

FEBRUARY 1961 99

little cheek, and touched the perfect, tiny lips.

He wiggled and opened his eyes. Perhaps he could

see me only fuzzily, but his bright little eyes seemed to look me over good. Apparently satisfied, he yawned

and went back to sleep in perfect trust. I felt the

bursting love and pride that accompanies every single birth. Motherhood!

Again, I thought, "How on earth could I have been satisfied with less? Supposing I had decided along the

way that the responsibilities were too great?"

I deeply thanked my Heavenly Father for the help and strength he'd given me to go on. My heart

swelled with gratitude and the tears spilled down my face.

Then I drifted off with the new little fellow snuggled close in my arm. I smiled sleepily to myself and

thought, "How the Lord can bless us if we'll only let him!"of them go each morning at seven and seventhirty before school (nine of them now taking). When I MOTHER OF THIRTEEN (14)

thank her profusely, she passes it off, "Oh, I like to

TLpilogue\ get up early."As plans were underway for the publication of this

And we have our share of fun! Ever since the article, the editors thought it might be well to check

oldest ones started talking, we've had our special on the accuracy of the title. Sister Crookston graciousnight every Thursday for family programs, business ly responded to our inquiry by informing us that the

discussions, games, or outings. total membership of the family had increased to

Of course it doesn't all go like clockwork. You'll fourteen! Douglas arrived on July 13th to raise the

find the bickering and fussing anywhere there are count to six girls and eight boys. The latest picture

little people learning the rules of growing up. It's shows the new baby on Sister Crookston's lap. One

similar to Bob Hope's theme song Thanks for the little girl is hidden from view behind her mother.

Memory in the lines: "You might have been a head- "How will they support another?"you ask. Sister

ache, but vou never were a bore!"Crookston gives the answer in her letter

But this is all forgotten with the excitement of an- "Another thing that is different since the story was other baby. The brand new miracle that happens written is the opportunity that has become a family

becomes each time more wonderful! project enabling me to teach a seminary class in the

I can still remember vividly coming back into my Independence Ward at sixthirty every morning before hospital room after the last delivery, over a year ago school. I have only been able to do it because my

now. I was neither tired nor sleepy; I just wanted to husband, Ray, does not leave for work until ten minhold my baby! utes of eight in the mornings. The extra income, minus

When he was finally dressed and brought from the a tenth, is almost the exact amount for board and room nursery, they placed him beside me on the pillow. at the 'Y'for our oldest who hopes to attend next year.

He was sleeping as I looked him over; a husky little So you see, everything does seem to work out as the

guy with fuzz on his round shoulder where the neck time approaches when we need more of anything."

of his gown had slipped down. I touched his bit of

hair, darkened with the oil; felt the softness of his—Marvel Crookston

GOING UP TO BED

BY MIRA WALILKO Our shadows blend upon the wallAnd wish with all my heart and will

My little girl's and mine—The minutes be a year

Hers stretches high, sapling tall, To hold this time we have to share,

In lamplight's edging shine. In thought, in touch, in care.

I hold her hand more tightly still, Yet time, like melting shadows flows—

Roseplump and warmly dear, My heart lacks chains. She grows....

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA For Today and all the Tomorrows

The Message of the Temple

BY VERNALD WILLIAM JOHNS

The young man's gaze was fastened intently upon the Who were the men who took months of time from graceful, lightbathed walls and spires of the temple. new farms which needed fences and ditches, from

The clean, sharp lines of the magnificent structure shops which cried for all the hours of a man's effort, raised themselves above the high intervening wall, from store and mill and desk to toil and sweat to reaching upward toward the starpierced velvet of build this poem in granite? And who were the

the night sky. women who managed with less of the needs of life

So long did he look that one knew it was not his than even a pioneer community might have provided eyes alone that beheld, but that his mind and heart too in order that this symbol of new revelation could be were seeing meanings and beauties within. Behind built?

and beyond the carved gray stone, he sensed a mesIt is not names we ask to hear in such questioning sage from the vaulted heaven itself as written against thoughts. What we seek is an understanding, for

the night sky by the inspired hands that long ago had out of an understanding of the ideals, vision, faith, and reared the graceful spires. selfdedication expressed in this lofty temple, a young

The hands that built it. Hands, indeed! Hands man senses that he should find a key to living by

had held the chisels that cut the huge granite blocks. some worthy purpose.

Pioneer artisans who began this dream in stone were Today the future seems full of uncertainty. Conof the oxteam era, a time far removed from this new stant tensions threaten atomic upheavals which could

age of atoms and motors. Yet this beautiful thing, destroy the world before youth matures to realize

standing as their gift to us and to ages to come, is as dreams of home and achievement, especially with perfectly done as vaunted skills and modern machines school and mission and military service looming to could do it today. claim so many years of one's time.

Who were the people who created this wonder? But didn't the builders of the temple face uncerWhat lofty spirit moved that prophet who lifted his tainty also? How could they have been sure that the

eyes from the dusty, unpaved streets and rows of hate and violence which had driven them a thousand mudroofed log cabins to the vision of such magnifimiles into the wilderness of the West would rest to cence? What a leap from what his eyes beheld to give them the forty years needed to complete their

that which his soul could see! temple, or allow them to enjoy it when it was finished?

Who was the architect whose fine sense of proThey had already been forced to leave two temples portion could shape the prophet's vision into such behind. How could they have been sure that other

grace of line, such balance of length and width and plagues than the crickets would not leave them destiheight that it would forever delight the eye? tute? How, but by faith?

FEBRUARY 1961 101 Year's eve ham, he'd grinned and said, "Well, the holidays are over. Tomorrow—back to reality!"

Jimmy, ten, had echoed his father, adding a tone of bleakness, "Yeah, Dad, life is earnest, life is real.

School tomorrow."And he'd groaned. Mary Lee,

six, dividing her attention between food and Philomena, the smiling, curlyhaired doll she'd received for Christmas, looked up, baffled. "Life is real

what?"she demanded. But Paula, concentrating on

Tom's grave expression, let the question go unanswered.

Now, with the grayish morning light sneaking through the window shade and the sound of a shovel somewhere starting to scrape snow from a walk, Paula thought, yes, this is the day of reality. She slipped on

her new purple velvet robe. Goodness, how extravagant Tom had been! No wonder he was concerned

with getting back to the world of earning money and paying bills.

Thirty minutes later, in the kitchen, Tom buttered his toast and watched as Paula scooped hot cereal into a bowl and put it on the table before Jimmy.

... and the "Ugh, reality,"Jimmy groaned.

Mary Lee entered the room, wearing her new plaid

she sang out. Year begins jumper and clutching her doll. "Happy New Year,"

"That was yesterday,"Jimmy said, scowling. "Today

is real!"Tom said, "Looks like we have our own small aga in prophet of doom in the house."

Mary Lee addressed her doll. "Today is real someBY BARNEY JONES thing—I don't know real what."She sat down and

accepted her cereal but reprimanded Philomena who refused to share it.

At the door, saying goodbye to Tom, it seemed to

Paula that he held her a little longer, a little tighter than usual. Poor guy, she thought, he's the one who

works hard to make everything possible. He fares

Reaching one hand outside the blanket, Paula Sadler forth and brings the world to Jimmy and Mary Lee groped toward the night table and switched off the and me.

alarm clock before it rang. Then she opened her After the children left for school, she put a gigantic

eyes to verify the time. Sure enough, just before batch of laundry to soak, then stuffed a dozen soiled

seven o'clock. After a dozen years of marriage a shirts—Tom's and Jimmy's—into a grocery bag to take

woman almost doesn't need an alarm clock or a recipe to Ling Hoy's. She bundled up in boots and her old

book; she just knows certain things. coat, wrapped a bright kerchief around her head, and

Paula glanced at Tom. He was still dead to the went out.

world but smiling a little. It could have been misThe sun was dazzling, and the light new snow lay

taken for a carefree young smile, but it didn't fool undisturbed except for a narrow trail on the sidewalk.

Paula. She passed two blocks of homes, all snug beneath

Last night as they ate sandwiches of leftover New snowy roofs. The sky was sunny, postcard blue,

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and Paula looked up to it thinking, what a blessed In the store Paula found the sheets and pillowcases.

life I lead. She felt a touch of guilt, knowing that She bought sturdy ones, deliberately ignoring the

Tom was coping with large matters, life and livelihood expensively decorated linens. Someday! On the way

matters. No sunny walks for him. to the boys'clothing department she passed through

She reached Ling Hoy's laundry in the middle of the toy section. The stillness was awesome, but in a

the neighborhood shopping center, deposited the way lovely. The hubbub, the traffic of children, the

shirts, then continued to the supermarket. Its aisles excitement—all over. It was a ghost town.

were empty of the holiday traffic, and the few women She reached home as the first rosy twilight was pushing grocery carts wore weary faces. Paula setinting the snow. Inside, in a circle of lamplight on

lected staples from the shelves. Once she reached out the living room floor, Jimmy was stretched out readfor a large, expensive can of crab meat, resisted, and ing the newspaper comics, a glass of milk at his

felt momentarily righteous. Instead she hastened to elbow. From the kitchen came Mary Lee's piping

the meat section for a pound of hamburger. Reaching voice. "Philomena, you must drink your milk. See

the produce section she gasped—those were boxes of my good example."Then, "I hear that my mama has

strawberries and raspberries! How the very sight of come home. Let's go see her."

them conjured up the warmth of summer, the vision Paula kissed the children. "Do you have homework

of grassy yards, vacation. But the prices! Outto do, Jimmy?"

rageous! Bravely she resisted. He shrugged. "I guess so. Back to the old grind

She pushed the cart past freshfrom-Hawaii pineas soon as I finish the funnies."

apples, past the fresh figs as exotic as another part She had put the casserole into the oven and was of the world. She bought oranges and apples and, tearing lettuce for a salad when she heard Tom's car

looking neither to left nor right at temptations, she pulling into the drive. A moment later he walked

headed for the cashier's counter. into the kitchen, a gust of cold air pursuing him

On the way home she paused in front of the florist's through the door. He looked a little tired, but the

window. Icicles fringed the awning, but inside, rich, smile was there as he came toward her. He kissed

luxurious anemones, purple and buttercolored croher and handed her two small packages.

cuses smiled out at her. Hyacinths of the gauziest She stood at the kitchen table, her hands fumbling

blue seemed to implore, "Buy me, buy me."But until she took off the paper that covered a carton of

Paula felt her mouth grow grim. "Sorry, little flowers,"fresh strawberries and a small bouquet of pink snapshe murmured, "this is backto-thebudget month."dragons. For a moment it was summer in the room.

Bv the time she reached home, the mail had arrived—He grinned sheepishly. "I couldn't bear to think

eight bills for December purchases, three painstakof you jumping into the New Year feet first, brutally, inglyproduced "Thank you"notes from nephews, with nothing to look forward to but laundry and three brochures alerting her to January fur sales (her house cleaning and shopping and—well, eleven months

laughter was a single, rueful syllable), and three ads of grim reality."

for January white sales. She felt dazed. She couldn't speak, so many

She mixed ingredients into a casserole for the thoughts and words were colliding inside her. Why,

evening meal then went down into the basement to this was fantastic! He thought she was the one who

finish the laundry. A few of the sheets and pillowcases faced a tough job. He actually felt that she bore the

verged on the threadbare. Well, why not replace heavy burdens, faced the—what had he called it?—

them now? Aunt Jane's Christmas check would cover. grim reality.

Besides, she ought to go down town to exchange a "Reality,"she mused, "is an odd thing. My reality

pair of toolarge gloves that a cousin had given is you. I like facing you."She looked at his astonJimmy. ished expression, wanting to say more, but she knew

On the bus she was conscious of the subdued atshe'd said it all. Their life and love was just that

mosphere, the faint resignation, the faces of reality. simple, that beautiful, that permanent. I didn't reLike herself, these women were probably contemplatquire words or tokens, any more than she required

ing bills and chores, or thinking of their husbands an alarm clock or a recipe book. Husbands and wives

beginning the year again, setting out to carve new just know certain things. And they know them better

success and family security. each year, forever.

FEBRUARY 1961 103

Liahonas Cousins Israel. 4 Yet it was not until he saw was written 'My Lord hath comFahd's study, the first fulllength manded me'; and upon some, 'My

(Continued from page 89) treatment of old Semitic arrowdiv- Lord hath forbidden me'; or they

ination, that it dawned upon him were three arrows; upon one of

pedantic little digression is that there that these old practices might have which was written 'My Lord hath is an odd incongruity in finding persome connection with the Liahona. commanded me'; etc.,... and the

fectly intelligible phrases so punctuFor the commonest use of divination third was blank; and they put them

ated that their meaning is destroyed. arrows, and probably their original in a receptacle, and took forth an

Yet this strange anomaly occurs often purpose, was, according to the forarrow; and if the arrow upon which

in the Book of Mormon, "requiring gotten evidence unearthed by the was 'Command'came forth, he went many of the "Two Thousand diligent Fahd, the direction of travto accomplish his purpose; but if

Changes"in the book over which elers in the desert. that upon which 'Prohibition'was

Lamoni Call and generations of antiwritten came forth, he refrained;

Mormon writers have used as "proof"and if the blank came forth, they that the book was not inspired. shuffled the second time....The

Actually it proves that no man or SINGAPORE zilam [were arrows that] belonged men sat down and composed the BY MARY JEFFREY to the Kureysh, in the Time of Igthing as ordinary books are written. norance, upon which were written

If the Book of Mormon were deWhen teacher talks of Singapore 'He hath commanded,'and 'He hath vised by clever and scheming men, I see blue mountains, jadegreen forbidden,'and 'Do thou'and 'Do as the world has always insisted, shore, thou not'; they had been well shaped

how could they have sent their skilTall palm trees, dark against the and made even, and placed in the fully contrived sentences to the skies, Kaabeh ( the holy shrine of Meccah printer in such a form that "every Bright, flashing birds with curious... and when a man desired to go on

Chapter... was one solid paracries. a journey, or to marry, he came to

graph, without a punctuation mark, From a height above the town the minister, and said, 'Take thou from beginning to end"? 3 Was A Buddha, gray in stone, looks forth for me zalam'; and thereupon

there ever before an author of a down; he would take it forth and look at

I know, beyond the bay it.... There were seven arrows thuslarge book who didn't know how to And well

hispunctuate called the minister of the with own writing? Who Areplay.jungles deep where monkeys try?didn't even having Kaabeh, them, marks upon

Since to punctuate the Book of Chattering children, bare and brown, and used for this purpose: and someMormon would be infinitely easier Roam the streets of this strange times there were with the man two

than to write it, it is inconceivable town. such arrows, which he put into a

that any man with the wit and enterLadies, swathed and sandled, pass swordcase; and when he desired to

prise to compose such a large and With clinking anklets, gold and seek knowledge of what was allotted complicated tome would be either glass. to him, he took forth one of them."G

unwilling or unable to clarify his Merchants, sitting in market squares, But why arrows? Because, as we

own remarks by the simple rules of Offer enchanting, curious wares; have shown elsewhere, the shooting

punctuation. Nor can the omission And far away, as in a dream, of arrows is a universal form of

of all punctuation have been a cun- I think I hear a tiger scream. divination, "as is evident in the

ning ruse, since the printer was A sunray, glinting on motes of chalk prayers that the legendary heroes of authorized to complete the task. Rouses me to the teacher's talk: the steppe—Finnish, Norse, Russian,

If the words which were dictated I sit fourth row from the schoolroom Kazakh, Turkish, and Yakut—adto Oliver Cowdery by Joseph Smith door—dress to their three enchanted arrows

were also composed by him or by But my soul has been in Singapore. before releasing them, and for inthe two men working together, the stance, in the arrowprayers of the

hopeless and complete inadequacy Indian and Bedouin, all eloquently of the punctuation (a phenomenon Fahd begins by pointing out that expressing the humility of men which was never publicized or exthe "arrows"used in divination, about to entrust their lives and their ploited in any way ) would be simply called qid-h or zalam, were devoid fate to a power beyond their conunaccountable. of heads and feathers, being mere trol."7 The consultation of the

But it is time to turn to Mr. Fahd's shafts or pointers. 5 Since Lane has arrows by one about to marry was,

study of belomancy in the ancient given a fuller description of these according to Gaster, also an old JewNear East. Belomancy is the pracobjects from the sources, we can ish custom: the parties concerned

tice of divination by shooting, tossdo no better than quote his quotawould throw rods into the air "reading, shaking, or otherwise maniputions. ing their message by the manner of

lating rods, darts, pointers, or other their fall; this, Gaster observes, is

sticks, all originally derived from "zalam, pi. azlam [divining—] arrows 'tantamount'to the shooting of

arrows. Over ten years ago the by means of which the Arabs in the arrows. 8 Other substitutes for

present writer made a fairly exTime of Ignorance (i.e., before Isshooting were shaking or drawing

haustive study of ancient arrowlam) sought to know what was from a bag or quiver, balancing on divination, and some years later alloted to them: they were arrows the finger, or spinning on a pivot."9

presented in the pages of the Era upon which the Arabs in the Time In the New World "the autotype a long discourse on the ritual use of of Ignorance wrote 'Command'and... possibly of all Indian dice games

sticks and rods, especially in ancient 'Prohibition'; or upon some of which is one in which the arrows or darts

104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In solo or ensemble...

OPEN CONTRA CHORAL STRING ''STOPPED (diapason DULCIANA j BOURDON BASSOON FLUTE CELLO BASS LIEBLICH DIAPASON FLUTE SALICiONAL 16'16'16'16'8'8'4'16'8'8'8'

.::,;.:'all these Baldwin stops speak

ORCH. FRENCH VOX DOUBLE

FLUTE SALICET NAZARD FLAUTINO CLARINET OBOE HORN HUMANA TROMPETTE DULCIANA 4'4'2%'2'8'8'8'8'8'4'16'

independently, authentically

OPEN CLARAOCTAVE! MIXTURE TROMBA

DIAPASON DULCIANA BELLA GEMSHORN \ OCTAVE GEMSHORN FIFTEENTH | III TROMBA CLARION 8'8'8'8'4'4'4'

You will find all of these stops on the Baldwin Model 10A

Electronic Organ. If you were to hold a note and try each

stop one at a time, your own trained ear would tell you that no two Baldwin voices are alike. Each of the 32 stops speaks

with its own distinctive tone color and scale, its own individual pitch. Each can be integrated into any combination.

Further, the harmonic structure of every Baldwin stop is authentic, corresponding to the natural harmonics of that voice. The Baldwin also offers you the additional resources

of mutation stops—Nazard 2% ft. on the Swell and a threerank mixture on the Great. You will feel at home at the

Baldwin. Not only the stops, but the arrangement of couplers, pistons, controls pedals, studs toe and to conforms

FREE! of Organists.standards of the American Guild Baldwin The For more detailed information concerning

10A is comparable in tonal design and console layout to a electronic organs, send for "Questions and wellbalanced pipe organ of at least 20 ranks. guest.Answers."WriteAtofreeThecopyBaldwinawaitsPianoyourCo.,re-.

Section 71, Cincinnati 2, Ohio.

FEBRUARY 1961 105.

are tossed or shot at an arrow tossed All this shaking, tossing, and self!"is absir wasma qidhika, literor shot to the ground so that it falls shooting emphasizes the divinatory ally, "Examine the mark on thy

across the other...."More often office of arrows as pointers; 12 but divinationarrow!"15 It has even

than not, the arrows in question along with that they also conveyed been maintained that writing origiwere mere sticks or pointers. 10 In their message, as the passages from nated with the marking of arrows, 16

Arabic safwmahu means both to Lane demonstrate, by the writing but whether this be so or not, it is shoot arrows with another and to that was upon them. Fahd notes certain that men from the earliest

draw lots or practise sortilege with that "on the arrows words were intimes have sought guidance by conone. There was no more popular scribed, determining the object of sulting the pointings and the inscripform of divination among the magicthe cleromantic consultation."13 tions of headless and tailless arrows.

minded Babylonians than arrowWhenever divination arrows are deThe word for "divinationarrow"lottery, and Meissner suggests that scribed, they are invariably found to in the above proverb was qidh, de- 'casting lots'in Babylonian (salu have writing on them, like the Zuni fined in Lane as one of the "two sha puni) refers to an original shak- "wordpainted arrows of destiny."14 arrows used in sortilege."The origiing or shooting of arrows."11 The Arabic proverb for "Know thynal and natural number of arrows

used in divination seems to have been two. Even when the "magic

three"were used, the third was a dud, the manih, which is a blank "to which no lot is assigned."17 It

is the other two that do the work.

On the same day on which the king of Persia shook out the divining- y? sticks (the baresma), the Jews

"... to think as he ought.. would draw three boxwood lots to

choose the scapegoat; but the TalRICHARD L. EVANS mud says there were only two lots,

and they were of boxwood or gold. ls

Today we should like somewhat to summarize our The reason for the two basic subject of some weeks on our responsibility for staves is apparent from their normal

THE all the thoughts we think, for our actions and utterdesignation as "Command"and SPOKEN ances, and for turning from wrong ways; and the "Prohibition."To this the priests at WORD

fallacy of being resigned to wrong, once we have some shrines added a third arrow made a mistake—the fallacy of postponing repentance when we called the "Expectative"—"Wait and

have done wrong things, when we have thought wrong thoughts. see!"19 But the original arrangement

This whole subject seems somehow to be summarized in a single was that "two arrows designated the sentence from Pascal, who said: "Man is obviously made to think. advisability or inadvisability of a

It is his whole dignity and his whole merit; and his whole duty is journey"; they were designated as

1 "the safr the khadr ) and Go ahead! if It course, follows, of that as ought."to think he thinks as he

20 (Stay where( you are!)."From is for of the forerunner will ought, thought he ought, he he do as

all action and utterance. It is the power to think, to reason, to passages in Lane it is clear that the

choose, that sets man apart, that gives him his high destiny if he regular consultant of the arrows uses well what the Lord God has given. It is with our thoughts, were those faced with travelprob-

and the physical fulfillment of our thoughts, that we are all writing lems—all others are secondary. The

our own record—a record which one eminent scientist has said "is patron of the caravans of the Hejaz

written in indelible script in space and time."2 Of course we should from time immemorial was the

not always or inordinately think the same thoughts. (Obsessions archergod Abgal, "the lord of

of the in his capacity omens,"master trivia.) diversity as too need can be as undersirable much We all 21 of divination. the arrows The leisure, of pace, but of change some of thought, some relaxation, some

not so much that idle and evil thoughts are invited to enter in. inscriptions on the arrows themWhat we need, all of us, always, is control: selfcontrol, selfdisci- selves give top priority to travel:

pline, control of thought, of appetite, of utterance, of action; the typical examples from the various

control to turn our attention to what we want to turn it to, to what systems, which employ from two all we ought to turn it to, with an awareness that we are making ourthe way to ten arrows, are "Go slow!"

selves what we shall be, that "what we are to be, we are becoming"3 (bata'), "Speed up!"(sari'), "Waare!"ter!", "Stay where "Get you self; of of controlling fact the importance plead would—which

22 etc. are in the clear,"moving!""You life, time, positive of mind, of use of the turning to and purposeful

of talent; of directing to right ways the whole intent of the heart—It would be an obtuse reader inof thinking what we ought to think, and refusing to resign to wrong deed who needed one to spell out

ways. "Man is obviously made to think. It is his whole dignity for him the resemblance between

and his whole merit; and his whole duty is to think as he ought."1 ancient arrowdivination and the

Liahona: two "spindles or pointers"

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and die bearing written instructions provide

Columbia Broadcasting System, November 27, 1960. Copyright 1960. superhuman guidance for travelers

Sec. Pascal's Thoughts, the desert. more could you What

Stromberg, 2Gustaf Soulii: 146.of the Universe. in The

relationship is the want? But what proverb. aChinese

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

like a deep tillage toolRUGGED a real dirt mover...4 rows wide

The AllisChalmers FrontMounted Carrier is rugAllis-Chalmers D-17 gedly built for extraheavy-duty rowcrop cultivation... built high for plenty of crop clearance in You've never seen cultivating

power that saves you so much irrigated and bedded crops.

Hefty gangs hold to the row... no dodging or k Seat located one easy step up

wobbling in hard spots or clumps of weeds. You "k Sit or stand driving

go right on through for precisionclean cultivation. k "Big Stick"control of travel

Sturdy parallel linkage rides on wide, hardened "k Fuel economy you must see to believe steel bearings for extra rigidity. Special hydraulic

controls let you control left or right gangs independently or together... and the rear furrowing

bar can be independently lifted or lowered.

You get more side clearance for cotton or other bushy crops because 8 gangs are mounted on 6 linkages. Carrier adjusts easily for 4-row cotton

cultivation or 6- and 8-row vegetable cultivation.

Five frontmounted bedders can replace cultivator gangs, if you desire. Your choice of lx3in.

chisel shanks or regular cultivator spring trips with furrowers, chisels or sweeps on the rear bar.

See your AllisChalmers dealer now for a rugged cultivator, built in the West to really move dirt, western style

ALUSCHALMERS, FARM EQUIPMENT DIVISION, MILWAUKEE I.WISCONSIN

Get the dollarmaking difference with

Ask your dealer about the AllisChalmers plan to finance ALLISCHALMERS your time purchase of farm equipment.

FEBRUARY 1961 107 between them? On this the Book of eration of those pointers as "a very ticularly strange or mystifying about

Mormon is remarkably specific. Both small thing,"so familiar to Lehi's the apparatus which Alma specifies

Nephi and Alma go out of their way people that they hardly give it a as a "temporal"thing.

to insist that the Liahona did not second glance. So contemptuous Here we have an instructive parwork itself, i.e., was not a magic were they of the "small means"by allel in the ship and the bow that

thing, but worked only by the power which "those miracles were worked"Nephi made. Without divine interof God and only for appointed perfor their guidance and preservation vention those indispensable aids to

sons who had faith in that power. that they constantly "forgot to exsurvival would never have come to

Moreover, while both men marvel ercise their faith"so that the comthe rescue of Lehi's company—their

at the wonderful workmanship of pass would work. This suggests that possession was a miracle. Yet what

the brass ball in which the pointers aside from the workmanship of the were they after all? An ordinary

were mounted, they refer to the opmounting, there was nothing parship and an ordinary bow. Just so,

the Liahona was "a very small thing"for all its marvelous provenience, having much the same relationship to other directing arrows that the ship and the bow did to other ships and bows. We must not forget that

the ancients looked upon even orThe average: not the absolute municationdinary azlamwithas athemeansdivine:of com-"In

view of the importance of religious aspect of the in every nor ideal sentimentactivity of the the Arab and of "I in general,"writes Fahd, RICHARD L. EVANS Semite separate can that one do not believe

these practices (i.e., of arrowdivin-

Last week we closed with this comment: "Man is ation) from their character as a

obviously made to think. It is his whole dignity consultation of divinity... they

is to merit; his think duty whole and his and whole THE believed, vaguely, always however 1 like to turn SPOKEN as should ought."he And now we intervention to in a direct and constant WORD

23 what follows from the thoughts we think: the in human affairs."

doing, the learning, the practicing, the performing—and would

preface what follows with a quotation from Carlyle: "Men do less Like the wonderful staff of Moses

than they ought, unless they do all that they can."2 This suggests, in Jewish history, these things sugof course, the willingness to participate, the willingness to work, gest remote times and occasions

the willingness to use as fully as we can the gifts, the talents, the when, according to popular belief, abilities, and the opportunities that the Lord God has given. Some God communicates more directly

of us may waste time and opportunity by being fearful of doing too with men than he does now. This is

much. Some may impair capacity by holding back for fear of doing certainly implied in the status of the

more than a fair share, by not wanting to do more than someone ritual arrows or marked sticks among

Indians, regarding American effort or the else of does, exceed an average wanting to amount by not

Culin writes: "... behind both which activity. let others of average with the comparison But we shouldn't

hold us back from being or doing our best. Capacity is increased ceremonies and games there existed

by practice and performance; and if we hold our performance to some widespread myth from which

the pace of the less able, or the less willing, or even to the average, both derived their impulse, though this tradition is mysterious he capacity; our and what improvement; own our own we impair we retard

21 Consistent with does not know. also. others ourselves, comparatively, impoverish Worship and we

of the average is wasteful. The Master's parable of the talents still their holiness, "the consulting of the

presents one of the most basic lessons of life—for all the servants mantic arrows,"according to one

in the parable did not receive the same. But even though there Ibn Ishaq, "seems to have been rewas not an equality of endowment, there was seemingly an equality served to questions of general public

of occasions to concern solemn and all in that they they did with of accountability judged were what by redeath."- again and 5 Which if capacity or our reach full powers cannot had. they what we life We

". if.. that us Liahona, of the minds the of peraverage, comparative the held are problem by by back

formance. The average is only what it is because some do more they would look, they might live."

and some do less, and it is not in any sense an absolute or an ideal. (Alma 37:46.)

And insofar as it would lead us to seek a lesser level, the worship of Was the Liahona, then, just old the average is false and futile. All men and all things will only be magic? No, it is precisely here that

raised as people are willing to improve performance. Again, in Nephi and Alma are most emphatic

Carlyle: closing, quote would we things, these pointers "Men do less than they ought,—unlike magic

can."2 they all that unless they do of God, the power worked solely by

and then, too, for only those desig- "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the

Columbia Broadcasting System, December 4, 1960. Copyright 1960. nated to use them. Anybody about

to make a journey could consult the

Pascal's Thoughts, Sec. ii: 146.

Thomas Carlyle. mantic arrows at the shrines, and

108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to this day throughout the world themselves possess wondrous powers generated to magic. 28 That is why

mantic arrows are still being conof performance. 27 it is so important to understand, and

sulted. But it is clear from Alma's Hunters and medicine men why the Book of Mormon is at such

words that in his day the Liahona throughout the world who use pains to make perfectly clear, that had been out of operation for cenarrows to bring them luck pray to the Liahona was not magic. It did

turies, having functioned only for a their arrows, blow on them, and talk not work itself, like other divination true man of God and only for one to them, as gamblers do to dice and arrows, in any sense or to any despecial journey. cards—for at an early date "the use gree.

of divination arrows drifted down And yet it seems to have been an

Another man of God, Lehi's great into the vulgarization of gaming ordinary and familiar object, a contemporary, Ezekiel, showed a recards,"i.e., the practice quickly de- "temporal thing,"which could also

markable interest in divinatory sticks and rods, as we have pointed out elsewhere, and he describes how the fate of certain wicked cities is sealed as God "shakes out the arrows,"each one being marked with the name of a condemned city. 26

then, the does one Where, draw What takes our time...?line sacred the the probetween and

fane? Religion becomes magic RICHARD L. EVANS

when the power by which things operate is transferred from God to Last week we talked of the waste of worshiping the things themselves. As Fahd the average, and that the average is neither an

notes, the Arabs were extremely THE absolute nor an ideal, and is not something with the which aboutvague powers with satisfied, necessarily this SPOKEN which be and we should are WORD as "primitive"they dealt, people from Carlyle: they less than do we quoted "Men

everywhere. When men lack revought, unless they do all that they can."1 In this day and season

elation they commonly come to think of many pressures, we frequently feel we ought to do more than in things.of as residing power can. feel reasonably shortness the both the Did we of time and We

staff ofthe water come Moses make tasks. of our of think magnitude knowledge wish we we had We

from the rock or cause the Red Sea acquired, of talents we wish we had improved, of service we wish to part? Of course not; yet in time we had given, of things we wish were ready, of work we wish we

the miraculous which powers were had behind—and each day, no matter how much we do we frequentdisplayed through its agency came ly feel ourselves frustrated, frequently ourselves spread so thin and

staff to theto be attributed by men that effective. intend so fail to be fully much, but get caught we We

itself. thing, a magic It became in the of living, in routine, in the daily mechanics detail, the some

like Solomon's seal, which possessed of which is exceedingly essential and some of which is much less so.

in itself the wonderworking powers But no matter how much we do or fail to do, we must sometime which gave Solomon his ascendency arrive at an awareness that we have to choose, always, as to what over men and beasts. we permit to take our time. This is a matter of daily, of hourly

In time the Bible became a magic decision: what is most important, what to give first place, and what

book in men's eyes, conveying all should be secondary. On this point James Bryce had this to say

knowledge by its own power, with- a half century or so ago: "If thoroughness is a virtue to be cultiout the aid of revelation. So, after vated, still more is time a thing to be saved. The old maxim, 'What-

a fierce controversy on the matter, ever is worth doing is worth doing well,'is less true than it seems, the priesthood received the status of and has led many people into a lamentable waste of time. Many

a thing that automatically bestows things are worth doing if you can do them passably well with a little power and grace, regardless of the time and effort, which are not worth doing thoroughly if so to do spiritual or moral qualifications of its them requires much time and effort. Time is the measure of everypossessor—it became a magic thing. thing in life, and every kind of work ought to be adjusted to it.

Strangest of all, science has conOne of the commonest mistakes we all make is spending ourselves sistently supplanted religion by on things whose value is below the value of the time they remagic when dealing with final quire...."2 It isn't the feverish pace nor the sudden impulse that

causes. When Sir Charles Sherringis most effective, nor the boastful biting off what is too big—but

ton, for example, after describing the steady purpose, the quiet conscience, the doing of duty, the the incredibly complex and perfect finishing, the enduring, the seeing things through, the thoughtful workings of the eye, insists that it is quiet consistency—always with an awareness that among life's most

the cells themselves that agree to important decisions is what we permit to take our time—"for which,"

cooperate in the miracle of seeing, said Benjamin Franklin, "God will certainly reckon... with us,

following an indescribably complex when Time shall be no more."

plan of development which they themselves have worked out, in "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the short, that the eye makes itself, he Columbia Broadcasting System, December 11, 1960. Copyright 1960.

is simply appealing to the old docThomas2James Bryce,Carlyle.Address to the Students of Rutgers, October 1911.

trine of the magicians, that things in 3Benjamin Franklin, The Preface, Some Fruits of Solitude.

FEBRUARY 1961 109 serve as "a type and a shadow,"It is only when the Book of Mormon—an example and a warning. In

teaching us how God uses "small is both peculiar and specific—in her zeal to convict Joseph Smith of

things"to bring about great pursuch names as Paanchi, and such a morbid preoccupation with stones, poses. As we said at the outset of tales as the story of Joseph's two garMrs. Brodie, with characteristic

this studv, what interests us in Book ments—that parallels become sigaccuracy and objectivity, has inof Mormon oddities is the type of nificant. Our own preference has vented two new wonderstones of

thing they represent. And what always been for leyah-honna, lither own—"two crystals with spindles

person after considering the divinaerally, "to God is our commanding,"inside"—to take the place of the

tion arrows, portable or enshrined, i.e. "God is our guide,"since hon, brass ball. Such are the ways and

of other travelers in the desert will hum, is the common late Egyptian pitfalls of those who "with great deny that in the Liahona we have an word for "lead, guide, take comswelling words"seek to explain away implement which, far from being the mand."This might be supported God's dealings with men.

invention of a brainsick imagination, was not without its ancient counterparts? FUNNY WEATHER BIBLIOGRAPHY

If we were to stop here, this BY FRANCES GORMAN RISSER would probably be the only article Quart.,iSo 1884,H. G. p.Tomkins,54. Forin aPalest.generalExplor.treatment,Fund

Stones? (New Burrows, These Nature thought she'd like to see M. What Mean writtenever that Dame about the Liahona

1-6. pp. Haven, 1941), try to explaindid not attempt (Salt the meanetc., Desert, Nibley, in the Lehi 2H.

f., 128139,ing of the name. Fortunately the A brand new weather cake; Lake143-8,City:256-9.Bookcraft, 1952), pp. 1

shelf, H. her pantry is the printer, report of John on the looked up of sSuch already has given SheBook Mormon

in printed the in Gilbert, Memorandum "... she'd make. Deciding whatus the fathers called answer: our Begins Smith of C. preface Joseph Wood, W.his

it Liahona, which is, being inter- "I'm tired of snow cake iced with His Work, Vol. I (Book of Mormon, 1830 First

preted, a compass."Liahona is here sleet; Edition)4"The(S.L.C.:Stick ofDcseretJudah Newsand Press,the Stick1958).of

clearly designated as an Old World Perhaps a sunshine tart Joseph."Improvement Era, Vol. 56 (Jan. to

word from the forgotten language of With whipped cloud icing would be May, 5T.1953).Fahd, "XJne Pratique cleromantique a

Semitica, VIII la Ka'ba preislamique,"(1958), good,"fathers,the which must be interpret61. said, but couldn't start. p. readers. presented to But what is a She Lane, ArabicEnglish Lexicon, UE. W.

s.v. zalam.

Nibley,compass? According to the Oxford She thought of storm cloud chocolate 1247,7H. I, "The Arrow, the Hunter, and

dictionary, the derivation of the sponge the State,"Western Political Quarterly, II word remains a mystery; it has two Stirred with a west wind spoon, (1949),slbid.,pp. p.330335.f.

basic meanings, but which has Or star cake filled with silver dew Thus the priests at Jerusalem used to priority nobody knows: the one is And beams fresh from the moon. practisepens,"J. divinationWellhausen,"by RestetossingArabischentheir writingHeid-

"to pass or step together,"referring At last she just threw everything eniums (Berlin, 1897), p. 133. G. Jacob,

always to a pair of things in motion; Into the bowl of sky Altarabisches110, n.2, commentsBeduinenlebenon the resemblance(Berlin, 1897),betweenp.

the other refers to the nature of that And stirred and mixed and baked the shaking of Arab divination arrows and "the motion in a circle, "to pass or step like mad, ancestors.tossing of Inrunestaffs"all Celtic languagesby our owndivinationnorthernby

rods is called "throwing the to according eye. wood,"in hercompletely,"a "circumto complete A twinkle

in Dottin, Hastings Encyclop. Relig. of & while circle, it snowedference, round,"to embrace Today sun shone G.Ethics, IV, 788. For cases of balancing and

spinning, K. F. Karjalainen, Religion Die der enclose completely. downor whethThus

in JurgaVolker, Folklore Fellows Communicadark clouds turned to white—referser it to the ball or the arrows, And f. (Helsinki, tions, No. 63 1927), pp. 322

10S. Culin, Games American of the North cake weather a funny is Oh, what the best possible"compass"word

Inst., (Washington: Smithsonian 1907),

last Nature made device, theto describe genthough 33, 45. Dame night! pp.Indians383,

erations of Book of Mormon critics elberg,"B.1926),Meissner,II, 65,Babylonien275, citingu. AssyrienEzek., 21:(Heid21ff.

have laughed their heads off at the 12Abaris, the missionary who brought the occurrence of the modern word in by the oldest and commonest of all cultin prehistoricof Apollotimes,to Greecewas guidedfrom thein hisfar travelsNorth what purports to be an ancient book. known inscriptions on divination by his patron's mantic arrow, just as later the

The usual practice in explaining arrows: "My Lord hath commanded traveling"that showedmystichimPythagorasthe way hadto go,a specialand suppliedarrow

the word Liahona is to consult dicme,"but as long as scores of other him with substitutes for food and drink"in tionaries of Hebrew and cognate explanations are possible, it is nothhisI, 2815-7,wanderings;2822;see E.Crusius,Bethe,in inReseller'sPaulyWissowa,Lexikon,

languages, searching out words that ing but the purest guesswork. Realenztjklop. der Altertumsioiss., I, 16. Inbegin with li-, aho-, hona-, etc., and We should not leave the Liahona stancesto find ofthetheprincess,magic arrowbuild thethat shrine,shows wherelocate

to speculate on the most likely comwithout noting a recent instance in lost treasure, etc., may be found in Stith Thompbinations. It is a pleasant game that which higher criticism has sought to son,Ind., MotifIndex1932-6), ofD FolkLiterature1653; H. BachtoldStaubli,(Bloomington,

anyone can play, and since there are discredit it. This is what Mrs. Handworterlmch des dt. Aherglauhens (Leipzing,

well over a hundred possible comBrodie writes: France1927ff), (Paris,6, 1957-8;1907),P. 4.Sebillot,116, etc.Le FolkLore de

p. op. cit., 66binations which, allow for if we

discussed at length phenomenon soundshifts, wellknownsimple and cit., 329339.is "Joseph's preoccupation with magic by Nibley,uThis13T. Fahd.op. pp.

can be run into thousands, there is stones crept into the narrative here 15Lane, Lexicon, s.v. wasm.

plenty of fun for everybody—proas elsewhere. The Jaredites had cit., pp.lcThis338 wasf. Hilprecht's theory, Nibley, op.

vided we don't get the idea that our sixteen stones for lighting their 17Wellhausen, op. cit., pp. 46 f. Throughout

guesses are significant. When we barges.... He had given the usedthe Eastin divination,three is theG. usualJacob, numberop. cit.,of p.arrows110

Ethnologie Hommel, des Geographe undare possible dealing with Nephites, meanings the other on hand, f, two F.alien Orients (Munich, 717, pp. 733 1926), syllable crystalsof possible spindles combinations, inside with which of identity possible speculates oracuthe on the

there is such latitude that rigorous directed the sailing of their ships."29 lardivinationarrows arrowsof the ofArabicApollo,Hobalwhichwith"appearthe threeto

demonstration is out of the question. Here surely is "a type and a shadow"have resembled Zulu divining sticks,"according

110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

to L. R. Farnell, Cults of the Greek States, IV,

1S8. The oracular gods of the Aztecs carried

three divination arrows and an atlatl stick, E.

G. Seler, Gesammelte Abhandlungen (Berlin,

1902), III, 341.

18II Nacc. VI, 7; Joma III, x (in Goldschmidt, II, 854); Levit. 16: 8.

wlbid.,1(1Fahd, op.p. 68.cit., pp. 67 f.

aIbid., p. 75.

Ibid., pp. 6870.

mbid., pp. 71 f:

2iS. Culin, I.e. The Indians would learn

their fortunes for the coming year by consulting divination arrows, A. C. Fletcher La & F.

Flesche, in U.S. Bureau Ethnology, of XXVII

(1905-6), 274. La Flesche notes, Smithsonian

Kept., 1926, p. 494, that "each of the seven

principal gentes (of the Omaha) is represented by one of these mystic arrows, which are used to foretell what will happen, good or bad, to each gens during the year following,"and also that the Indians give their sons names which "refer to the mysterious characteristics of the divining arrow."A sacred arrowbundle, the

most prized possession of the Chevennes, is compared by Fowkes, Bur. Ethrlol XIII

(1891-2), p. 116, to the Hebrew Ark of the

Covenant, which also contained divination rods, for which see Nibley, op. cit., p. 337, and

Improvement Era, 56 (Feb. 1953), p. 91.

25Fahd, op. cit., p. 72.

20Ezek., 21: 2126, discussed by Meissner,

op. cit., II, 275. St. Jerome, an expert in Jewish

customs, says these staves bore "cut or painted upon them the names of individuals,"(cited by

Wellhausen, Reste, p. 132). Fahd, p. 73,

notes that the original meaning of the Hebrew word qesem "divination,"is "to consult the arrows."Actually it means to cut the arrows, Majestic tone... instant response... fine blending of voices..

exactbeing the equivalent of the Old Norse excustom-built to suit the individual buyer. All are characteristic ofpression skera or upp.

27Sir Charles Sherrington, on his NaMan ture (N.Y.: iv, Wicks Pipe Organs; all are incorporated onto the new Forward "3". Doubleday Anchor, Ch. 1953),

"The of the Wisdom Body."

Petrie, 3*W.M.F. Scarabs and Cylinders with Designed to fit into limited space, this instrument has two full

(Br. Mus., p. 4.Names 1917), full keyboards pedal board. and enclosed, are completely The pipes

Brodie, 29F. M. No Man

built Knows My History with blower in (N.Y.: no extras, Knopf, no wiring, 71.... p. no tinwork. 1947), The

purchaser can select the wood finish that best suits his taste.

If, because of lack of space or finances, you or your church have been deprived of the musical perfection which only a real pipe organ

Old Enough to Choose can give, find out about Wicks new Forward "3".

Write today for information. No obligation.(Continued from page 93)

said that she wanted to become a librarian, but her mother wouldn't let her. She absolutely refused to

allow it."It was getting late in August, and still Mom wouldn't talk about anything but Briarwood. Miss Kerwin

for waitingwas decision. I my PIPE ORGANShad asked her to put on the list me

of applicants and had procured a THE HOUSE OF WICKS * WICKS ORGAN COMPANY * HIGHLAND, ILL.

transcript of my grades for her.

Today we're going to settle this,

I thought, as I drove home from the hospital. I can't wait any longer.

stretched out in theDad was home, ON A 4c STAMP patio. I slipped on thehammock

into a chair opposite him and kicked Your Teacher Comes To off my shoes. Your Home Through

"Where's Mom?"

She'll his head. "Out. shook Dad Home Study presently."alongbe if in answer As

to his prophecy, we heard the crunch Please send a free HOME STUDY catalog to tiresof the gravel. on Mom came

corner, into Name thearound and dropped a chair. Address

"Hi, Family! Is it ever hot!"She City State

sat there a few minutes. "I stopped Send to

HOME STUDY Adult Education and Extension Services

Brightm Young University Provo. Utah

FEBRUARY 1961 111 by to see Ann, today,"she said. "You Evaluation of Historical Sources was no flag raised there for many

were in pediatrics, Lynn, reading to years.

a child."(Continued from page 96) 10. The present as a mirror of the

This is it, I thought. Right now! past. This is a very common practice

I cleared my throat. Many of the stories of the appearamong many groups where there is a

Just then Mom burst out excitedly. ance of one or more of the Three need for establishing the antiquity

"Ann is going home next week. She's Nephites, which have been circulatof the movement. They take some

closing her house and going down ing widely in the Church during the idea, such as democracy, a certain to the university to enrol for a lipast year, appear to be of this same religious practice, or some secret brarian's course. She's as thrilled as variety. There are a dozen or more ritual, and seek to prove that the

a child at Christmas."accounts now current among memcurrent view of it was the one held

"Isn't it late in life to go to colbers of the Church, but it is quite at some earlier period. In this way,

lege?"I asked. impossible to accept all of them, and they build up a structure of straw on

Mom laughed. "It's never too late no one knows whether even one of a basis of measuring the past by the

to do the thing you've dreamed of all the accounts is accurate. present.

your life, I guess."9. Local traditions and folk prac-

"Strange,"Dad said, musingly, tices. Many customs or practices get Conclusion

"that when service to the world is started through some incident or so important, a person should have imagining ( which are not historically The foregoing suggestions should a dream like that and not be able to sound) and in time become genmake us conscious that, as we prefulfil it."erally accepted. The French Cathopare our lessons for teaching, we

Mom nodded. "I've often wonlic scholar, Mabillon, relates an need to be cautious in our usage of

dered why she didn't stand firm and illustration of this type. The people supposed enrichment materials which

go to college. She was eighteen at of a certain town in Spain petitioned we intend to use. A story may

the time, and old enough to choose Pope Urban VIII for a special indulsound thrilling; it may hold the ather goal in life."gence for the festivities of their local tention of the members of the class;

celebrity, Viar. Saint mirit class Many create and may be dynamic Dad's eyes mine, met and Mom this at performed been acles had discussion. the are not But these inglanced to see time the look up

between us. shrine, and people came great disbasic goals that we are endeavoring

this to at tances worship venerated establish to in are teaching. our We face startled took a look. Her on

spot. researchers Vatican comThe fiction, fallacy, truth, of in not search she"Lynn,"gasped, is eight- "Lynn investigation could an and menced hearsay, or tradition. guesswork,een! to enough choose—"Old record of such a person. find no The teacher evaluate each should Hence voice broke, she Her burst and their Christians Spanish produced historical material that is being any

tears.into over went put and Dad sole their relic of of piece saint—a for considered use, in with keeping

his I her, arms around took and letter stone the Viar her broken with S herein standards the mentioned. To inhands mine. it. investigation carved Further on interhistorical teach an erroneous

After a while she quieted. "I saw showed that the stone had originally pretation can cause dangerous reyour face today, Lynn,"she said unbeen carved with the words PRAEactions from young people if they

steadily. "You were reading to that FECTUS VIARUS, who had been a later discover they were taught falsechild. I saw the look in your eyes, Roman prefect in Spain. He was a hoods in classes sponsored by the

and I knew then that this was no pagan and had never been a ChrisChurch.

it,idle I I fought though. whim. this tian. Christians found had a need not be in doubt about We

told after myself that you were at that broken stone and assumed deal it great of readily available matethis forget you'dBriarwood nursing tombstone have been the must of an rial for illustrative purposes. We

itbusiness. In heart I knew my early Christian martyr. Gradually can better teach what Jesus taught,

wasn't true. I can't do this to you, it became an established fact in the as recorded in the New Testament,

Lynn! I can't do what Ann's mother minds of the people, and they acthan what someone might think he

did to her!"cepted it without question as a fact. said or intended to say. The Book

"Mom, Mom,"was all I could say In our own Church, we have some of Mormon, the Pearl of Great Price, as I squeezed her hand. comparable myths which need to be and the Doctrine and Covenants

Dad pulled a handkerchief from checked carefully with the facts. have much historical material in

his pocket and wiped her tears. Years ago someone started the story them, which is not subjected to the

"Why don't we have dinner on the that a few days after the arrival of caprices of men, to their misinterpreterrace at the club tonight and talk the pioneers in the Salt Lake Valley, tations, or to interpolations or deleit over? You girls get your lipstick in July, 1847, Brigham Young and tions. The official Church histories

on, and I'll telephone for reservaother Church Authorities ascended are filled with historical material tions."Ensign Peak and, raising a flag on which has stood the test of time. It

Mom nodded, and then in a brave it, took possession of this intermounis safer to let Joseph Smith speak voice, she said, "But we'll have to tain country in the name of the for himself out of his history than to come right home after dinner. We'll United States of America. This let someone else try to tell us what

need your help, Mr. Legal Adviser, legend for many years was an acthe Prophet said and meant. Church

in drafting two letters. One a cancepted fact by some people. A study periodicals, ever since the early days

cellation to Briarwood, and the other of contemporary records prove that of the Church, provide a storehouse an application for admission to the President Young and his party visited of material which is more interesting hospital."and named Ensign Peak, but there and reliable than what someone may

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Gold Ribbon Winner at InterState Fair gives you her recipe for report is supposed to have been said n about such happenings. Cinnamon Kucken"

If other material is to be used, let it be carefully evaluated and used "I read about the contest in our newspaper.,

only if it stands the test of historical and it certainly was good news for me!"says

validity. It is better not to teach Mrs. David Hanna of Coffeyville, Kansas,

something, if we are in doubt about winner of the Gold Ribbon for yeast its authenticity, than to run the risk baking at the InterState Fair. "Now I

of someone in later years having to hope you'll try my winning recipe. But

"unteach"the errors we taught. be sure to use Fleischmann's Active Dry

Yeast. It's so fast rising and easy to use |

your baking's bound to turn out well."

I, Johnny, Parentto-be / "CINNAMDN KUCKEN"cup cup very warm water milk Vi (Continued from page 47) Vi sugar beaten 1 egg, lA cup God to honor his father and Vi3 teaspoontablespoonssaltshortening 3V2l/4 cupscup Fleischmann'ssifted flour Margarine, melted mother. Would not any parent be 1 package Fleischmann's Active 2/i cup sugar

1 tablespoon cinnamonhonored to have his child improve Dry Yeast upon his own example and contribuScald milk, add 14 cup sugar, salt and 8- or 9-inch layer cake pan, turning to twist, tion? shortening; cool to lukewarm. Dissolve starting at outside and coiling toward

yeast in very warm water. Add milk mixcenter of pan. Brush with melted margarine.

Children are responsible for assistture and beaten eggs. Gradually beat in Sprinkle with sugarcinnamon mix. Cover;

ing in the temporal welfare of their enough flour to make soft dough. Knead let rise in warm place until doubled, about

parents if help is needed. Paul wrote lightly, about 10 min. Place in greased bowl. 1 hour. Bake at 375F. (mod.) for 25

to Timothy, "... if any provide not riseBrushin topwarmwithplace,soft shortening.free from draft,Cover;untillet minutes. Makes 2 cakes.

for his own, and specially for those double in bulk, about 1 hour. When light,

of his own house, he hath denied the punch down; divide into 2 portions. Roll

into each rectangle; 8 5-inch into x cutfaith, and is than worse an infidel."

strips inches. strip 8 Shape each by ( I Timothy 5:8.) Book The of Morto rope. hand Pinch ends 1 formx together

mon provides one of the most form one long rope. Coil into wellgreasedto

sobering stirring lessons of and child- \ ANOTHER FINE PRODUCT OF STANDARD BRANDS INCORPORATED'toparent in responsibility Alma's poignant rebuke to his son Corianton, who had been guilty of immoral in aconduct citv where went Alma Start Going Around With "...to teach the gospel: they when

saw your conduct they would notbelieve in my words."(Alma 39:11.) Drew Pearson on

Parents to Children "Washington MerryGo-Round"

What does a parent owe a child?

King Benjamin taught (Mosiah 4:11One of the nation's most

16) that a parent owes guidance, leadership, discipline, and love. Jacob popular and widelyquoted

emphasized the importance of examcolumnists is Drew ple (Jacob 2:35; 3:10), and Mormon Pearson. He's yours to

of humility and repentance. ( Moroni

8:10.) read regularly on the

editorial pages of the Prospective Parents to Future Children Deseret News and The young have in them now the Telegram. Regularly he

seeds of the future. Under normal scores news beats and

circumstances and expectations there will one day be those who call them his interpretation of the "father"or "mother,"and who will significance of events be greatly influenced by the kind of has made him one of mother or father they are. As prospective parents they need to learn the most highly

the wondrous importance of good respected Washington heritage, but they can be taught this writers of all time.

from the scriptures in a way that will be stimulating and inspiring and that will give them the challenge andincentive to become "goodly parents."Whm&mbmt Msw$

j&df Sake SSekrpram THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S ZfajH E W SPAPER

FEBRUARY 1961 113 Joseph Smith, writing by way of revelation, made them are chosen to gain the fulness of the blessings this promise to those Saints who complied with certain which the priesthood offers.

principles of righteousness: In other words: Many are called to the priesthood,

"... the doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon and few are chosen for that eternal exaltation which

thy soul as the dews from heaven."(D&C 121:45. is available in and through and because of the priestItalics added.) hood.

What is meant by and included within this graphic "And why are they not chosen?"the Prophet asks.

expression—"the doctrine of the priesthood"? His answer: "Because their hearts are set so much

Before promising faithful members of the Church upon the things, of this world, and aspire to the honors that they would gain a knowledge of the doctrine of of men, that they do not learn this one lesson—

the priesthood by the spirit of inspiration, the Prophet "That the rights of the priesthood are inseparably had summarized many of the basic principles in acconnected with the powers of heaven, and that the cordance with which priesthood operates. powers of heaven cannot be controlled nor handled

"Behold, there are many called, but few are chosen,"only upon the principles of righteousness?'(Ibid.,

he said. 121:3536. Italics added.)

Called to what? Chosen for what? Are there priesthood bearers today whose interests

To those early Church members familiar with the are centered in worldly and temporal things rather operation of the priesthood and its callings, the answer than in the Church and the things of the Spirit? Are

was clear. They had before them the revelation in.there those who seek the honors of men—political,

which the Lord had said: civic, economic, educational honors—in preference to

"... verily I say unto you, that there are many who that honor which comes from God through the gospel?

have been ordained among you, whom I have called That the rights of the priesthood "may be conferred but few of them are chosen. upon us, it is true,"the Prophet then continues, "but

"They who are not chosen have sinned a very when we undertake to cover our sins, or to gratify our grievous sin, in that they are walking in darkness at pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control or noonday.... dominion or compulsion upon the souls of the children

"If you keep not my commandments, the love of the of men, in any degree of unrighteousness, behold, the

Father shall not continue with you, therefore you shall heavens withdraw themselves; the Spirit of the Lord

walk in darkness."(Ibid., 95:5-6, 12. Italics added.) is grieved; and when it is withdrawn, Amen to the

That is to say: Many brethren are called to receive priesthood or the authority of that man."(Ibid.,

the priesthood and hold its holy offices, but few of 121:39.)

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Behold, there are many called, but feiv are chosen'What is the Doctrine of the Priesthood?

ME LCHIZEDEK

PR ESTHOOD

Sin (of every sort!), pride, vain ambition, unrightments, who exercise their priesthood in full harmony

eous control over other men—these are contrary to the with "the principles of righteousness."

"principles of righteousness"by which priesthood "Let thy bowels also be full of charity towards all bearers must be actuated. men,"he says, "and to the household of faith, and

Can one called to hold the Holy Priesthood expect let virtue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly; then shall

to be chosen by Deity for eternal reward, if he comthy confidence wax strong in the presence of God;

mits sin? If he lets pride and worldly ambition and the doctrine of the priesthood shall distil upon

govern his life? If he exercises unrighteous economic, thy soul as the dews from heaven.

social, political, or any kind of dominion over other "The Holy Ghost shall be thy constant companion, men? and thy scepter an unchanging scepter of righteousness

"We have learned by sad experience,"the inspired and truth; and thy dominion shall be an everlasting

epistle continues, "that it is the nature and disposition dominion, and without compulsory means it shall flow of almost all men, as soon as they get a little authority, unto thee forever and ever."(Ibid., 121:4546. Italics

as they suppose, they will immediately begin to exeradded.)

cise unrighteous dominion. What, then, is the doctrine of the priesthood?

"Hence,"that is, in the light of all the preceding It is the doctrine that those who hold this power and explanation that worldly pursuits lead one away from authority will be chosen for an inheritance of eternal the blessings of the priesthood, the Prophet reaches life if they exercise their priesthood upon principles the conclusion that "many are called, but few are of righteousness; if they walk in the light; if they keep

chosen."the commandments; if they put first in their lives the

There then follows that inspired direction, "No things of God's kingdom and let temporal concerns power or influence can or ought to be maintained by take a secondary place; if they serve in the kingdom

virtue of the priesthood, only by persuasion, by longwith an eye single to the glory of God.

suffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love It is the doctrine that even though men have the unfeigned; rights of the priesthood conferred upon them, they

"By kindness, and pure knowledge, which shall shall not reap its eternal blessings if they use it for greatly enlarge the soul without hypocrisy, and withunrighteous purposes; if they commit sin; if the things

out guile."(Ibid., 121:3942.) of this world take preeminence in their lives over the

Finally, the Prophet, in effect, gives the promise of things of the Spirit. It is a fearful thing to contemplate

eternal life and exaltation to those priesthood bearers this priesthood truth: Behold, many are called to the

who pursue a steady course, who keep the commandpriesthood, and few are chosen for eternal life.

FEBRUARY 1961 115 visit? Do we know each member of each family

by name? Do we know their problems, their desires,

their aspirations? Are we prepared to bring them all

into the conversation and lesson discussion? Do

our enthusiasm and message inspire faith in every member?

Have we prepared for each individual visit? Do

we have a specific objective for each visit? Do we

have something important to leave with each family?

Have we prepared the regular message well so that it can be given with power?

Have we invited the Lord in prayer to attend us and help us with our ward teaching assignment? Do

we lean heavily upon him for inspiration? Were our

prayer and the prayers with the families real prayers?

The monthly report measures the quantity of our ward teaching. The Lord leaves it to each of us

QUALITY WARD TEACHING IMPORTANT ward teachers to evaluate the quality of our visits.

Be sure that our performance each month is in line

Ward teaching reports call for a high measure of with his expectations.

quantity ward teaching activity. It is, however, left

to each individual ward teacher or each pair of ward WORKING WITH ABSENTEE SENIOR MEMBERS teachers to evaluate subjectively the quality of their PRODUCTIVE OF GOOD ward teaching visits by using the measuring rod found on the inside of the back cover of the Study While senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood who

Guide and Report Book for ward teachers, entitled are in the armed forces or away from home for other "Duties of Ward Teachers."reasons are, because of inaccessibility more difficult

Success in the ward teaching program is dependent to contact, they are often easier to influence. The

upon the quality of the ward teaching visits as well inactivity in the Church of this group is frequently as the number and percentage of families visited. the result of environmental pressures of close associQuantity ward teaching is much easier to measure ates and friends. When removed from these ties by

for report purposes than quality ward teaching. It a change of residence, a man becomes relatively free

is not difficult to report that a given visit has or has to be influenced for good or bad by new surroundings not been made. It is, on the other hand, almost and new friends.

impossible to make an objective report of the excelAbsentee senior members may be worked with in lence of ward teacher performance. The variables several ways. They surely should not be neglected

involved are many and difficult to isolate as far as nor overlooked. Their being away from home can

observed results are concerned. While the evaluation very well be an asset rather than a liability in motivatof ward teaching in a general way may be gauged ing them to activity and preparing them for advanceby the faithfulness and devotion to the Church of the ment in the priesthood.

family members visited, such a measuring device is Regular correspondence is important in working not conclusive nor practical for report, purposes. with absentee members. At least one letter a month

Eerhaps the best evaluation for quality teaching should be sent to each one. They should be personal

should be subjective on the part of each pair of ward letters of encouragement. They should contain ward

teachers. They should match their performance with news of interest and should be inspirational and faiththe revealed and stated duties and responsibilities of promoting. Each letter may be written by the bishop

ward teachers. Their stamp of approval will be an or for his signature. Additional letters may be sent

inner feeling of satisfaction for a job well done. by the group adviser or general secretary.

Along with thirty listed duties referred to above, In the case of servicemen, the regular servicemen's ward teachers should ask themselves the following program should be followed. Bishops should assure

questions and perfect their techniques until the themselves that branch or ward officers or coordin- answer to each question brings an inner glow of ators, in or near the absentee's military residence, have satisfaction: been notified and requested to reach them and

Do we really love the people we are called to encourage them to attend the Church services and par116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ticipate actively in Church activities. This notificaFamilies of absentee senior members should be

tion should include some background of helpful visited by group advisers. Inquiry as to the welfare

information about the absentee senior member and his of the absentee should be made on such visits.

family. Reports of these contacts will surely reach the senior

It is often possible to find someone in the same member through family correspondence, and they are military camp or in the near vicinity who, upon inbound to create respect and appreciation.

vitation, will take a special interest in the absentee We urge that absentee members be worked with and continue to encourage him in Church participain every way possible. Such efforts are certain to be

tion. productive of good.

WARD TEACHING SUPPLEMENT

THE BIBLE

A careful and prayerful study of the Bible will make of Jesus Christ, the plan of salvation.

a person a better father or mother, a better husband All the Bible may not be equally valuable or satisor wife, a better son or daughter, a better citizen, fying. Moods and needs vary. There are, however, to

and surely a better member of the kingdom of God. the sincere seeker the answers to basic problems.

The more the Bible is read, the more meaningful it Some read the Bible for its literary contributions. Its

becomes, and when read with worthy purpose, the couplets and balance are superb. It is full of beautiful

more Christlike becomes the reader. gems.

Jesus admonished all who woidd be his disciples Who is not thrilled by reading the twentythird to: psalm? "The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not

"Search the scriptures; for in them ye think ye have want...."

eternal life: and they are they which testify of me."Where can be found more beautiful language than

(John 5:39.) the entreaty of Ruth to her motherin-law? "... Intreat

The Bible is a lamp for those who tread the darkened me not to leave thee, or to return from following after trail. It is the chart and compass to guide the ship thee:..."(Ruth 1:16.)

for all who sail the sea of life. It is God's statement How could a story be more beautifully told than

and answers in forceful and beautiful language to the that of the shepherds at the announcement of Jesus'ageold problems of young and old, rich and poor: birth: "And there were in the same country shepherds

"What is the destiny of man? Why am I here? What abiding in the field, keeping watch over their flock

are my obligations in the great plan of life?"by night...."(Luke 2:8.)

Reading the Bible gives comfort to the bereaved. The Bible is a wonderful book of history. It is among

It gives hope to those who are discouraged. It supplies the oldest written records of people.

faith and courage to those who are fearful and appreSome read the Bible to justify their actions or behensive. It seems to be a source of supply for the liefs, or they do it to prove or disprove some personal

inner longings of man, whatever they be. In the Bible issue.

are found the sublime truths of life. It is the word Regardless of the motive for Bible reading, it is

of God written by the hands of inspired men, preGod's word, a divine guide to our spiritual lives. It

served at the cost of great ejjort, translated by many should be read regularly and frequently for this purwho became martyrs that we may enjoy its treasures. pose. All other values, be they literary, historical,

It opens up the way of eternal life and salvation for emotional, or intellectual are byproducts and added those who study and pray for it. It contains the gospel bonuses for the study wc make of the scriptures.

FEBRUARY 19G1 117 You will not have to call for the genii by rubbing a all, and neither did her guests. It all would have

lamp or do magic tricks or even phone your mother been much better, skipped.

for help to put on a party with you rested and gay in Why not be "the hostess with the mostest"fun? If

the middle of it, if you do just one thing. I call it as your guests leave, they say to you, "But you do

a "key to sprees."This key is simply planning ahead things so easily,"don't think that they are unappreso the big part of the work is done before the day ciative and fail to realize all the planning ahead and

of the party. The day of a party should be filled the work you did, but consider it a high compliment.

with happy anticipation and small enjoyable tasks You are a success; you are a relaxed hostess, turning

such as setting the table, arranging the centerpiece, guests into happy, contented people.

whisking the duster over the top of things, keeping Someone once said that the day to clean the house the kitchen in order, and making you look your for a party is the day after the party, never the day lovely best. before. Perhaps that is the sensible thing to do, but

Never plan a lastminute menu if you want to be most of us love to see everything just perfect before a relaxed hostess. Your guests will not enjoy the the guests arrive. It is something like the feeling you

party if they feel they have imposed on you. I have just before you see the curtain go up on a Broadremember once attending a dinner where we didn't way hit. Everything is in readiness, now for the fun.

even see the hostess until she breathlessly invited us Sometimes it takes a party to move us to do many into the dining room. Then all through dinner she things to our homes that have been needed for a long

jumped up and down, spending most of the time time. Fresh curtains; windows that sparkle; shining

between the dinner table and the kitchen. Again, mirrors; no finger marks on the furniture; polished

planning could have remedied all this. Her dinner silver; straggly, limp ivy replanted fresh—all add up

was good, yes, but a more easily prepared, more to something we don't do every day, but a party prods simply served dinner woidd have been just as delicious us into activity. Again plan ahead, away ahead, and

and much more fun. After dinner was over she still do a little each day toward that big day. Then as

puttered around in the kitchen, coming into the living the lingering last guest leaves, you won't fall on your room from time to time to sigh and straighten anything face with the resolution, "Never again."

that was out of place. She didn't enjoy her party at That precious "key to sprees"or planning comes in

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA many forms. First, plan the compatible, just right Cold Sliced Roast Turkey

guest list. If you are the hostess, cook, maid, and Hot Dressing in Casserole (Nov. 1960 Era)

dishwasher, don't try to seat more than eight or ten Fresh Vegetable Plate (carrots and celery sticks, people at the most at your dinner. Any number more radishes, green onions, cauliflower)

than that is much more easily taken care of at a buffet. Molded Boysenberry Salad Sweet Rolls

Next, plan the menu and consider foods that do not Vanilla Ice Cream with Mincemeat Sauce have to be fussed with just before serving; don't plan

more than your oven can take care of; balance your Roast the turkey the day before the party and keep

foods; think of color, texture, flavor, nutrition. There it chilled thoroughly in the refrigerator. Have the

should be a contrast in each of these points. An all host carve the turkey at the buffet. Make the dressing

white meal is as unappetizing as an all softtextured the day before. Put it in pretty casseroles and reone. The flavors should be compatible but not frigerate it until about one hour before dinner. Bake

monotonous. If you serve a tomato juice cocktail, it covered for one hour in a 350 degree F. oven. Be

forget about tomato sauce in the casserole or a tomato sure it is brought to the table steaming hot. The fresh

salad. There arc so many little things to take into vegetables can be prepared early in the day and left

consideration: occasion, season, temperature, etc. standing to crisp in ice water in the refrigerator. Of

There is a difference between deliriously outof-season course, set the boysenberry salad the day before. Make

foods such as strawberry shortcake in February and it with black cherry jello using the juice from the offseason foods such as steaming hot chili con carne drained boysenberries plus water for the liquid. Add

in July. Your good sense, if you take the time to think the berries to the dissolved jello and set in a giant

and plan, will take care of all this. ring mold. The sweet rolls also can be made the day

Now let's plan a few party menus for different ocbefore and wrapped in aluminum foil. They may be

casions with emphasis on foods we can have prepared served cold or heated in the foil just before serving.

well ahead of time. If you heat the large braid of sweet rolls, glaze it

quickly with a thin powdered sugar and water frosting

Buffet for Twelve to Twenty Guests after reheating. The vanilla ice cream could be

Cranberry Juice Cocktail bought. For the Mincemeat Sauce stir a little orange

JEBKUAKY 196| 119!. )

juice into mincemeat. Heat to the Luncheon

bubbly stage and serve hot over the vanilla ice cream. You see the day Sea Casserole Artichokes

of the big party is left comparatively Blueberry Muffins free of food preparation. Lemon Fruit Salad

Relishes Cream Puff Sundae SitDown Dinner for Eight People

This is a very simple luncheon to

Avocado and Shrimp Cocktail prepare. The casserole may be

Parsley Bread Circles mixed and ready for the oven the

Beef Birds Baked Yams night before the party. The artiVegetable Trio chokes just need to be trimmed and

Mixed Green Salad and Bleu Cheese simmered for an hour before servDressing ing. Melted butter with lemon juice

Mock Date Dessert makes a good accompaniment for them. Blueberry muffins come out

Make the Beef Birds ready for the oven the day before the dinner. Also

scrub and prepare the yams for the oven. Mix the Bleu Cheese Dressing The discovery of a new dish does

the day before. The dessert is better

made the day of the party. more for the happiness of man than

AvocadoShrimp Cocktail the discovery of a star.

- pours like cream Pare and dice the avocado and add—BrillatSavarin

- tastes even better tosaucecleanedand largeserve shrimps.in a cocktailMix glasswith

with salad green in the bottom of the glass. For the sauce use:

of a box mix ready for the table in 1 cup mayonnaise no time. Just add drained mandarine

x/4 cup chili sauce oranges to lemon jello and place in 2 tablespoons minced celery the refrigerator the day before to 1 teaspoon prepared mustard set for the luncheon. Cream puffs

1 tablespoon vinegar can come from a mix, too, if you are

and top open you day before. Then finely 1 tablespoon chopped parsleybe a MORNING 1 teaspoon minced onion in a hurry. This is also done the a spoonful with mint ice and cream salt to taste and pepper

MILLIONAIRE.. party.of chocolateThis willsauceendon yourthe daymealoronthea

You just naturally feel like Mock Date Dessert high note.

a million when you start your day with a good hot 1 egg—beat slightly

flour cup breakfast. Food authorities, 1

1 cup sugar Sea Casserole in agreement with parents 1 can of crab who know, favor a whole Vz1 teaspoonteaspoon saltsoda cereal for today's wheat cocktail can fruit ac- 1 medium #303 21 cancups ofsoftshrimpbread cubes Fisher's tive family. Zoom save drain and Vz cup juice(

is whole wheat... nothing 1 tablespoon of chives

added... nothing taken 2 teaspoons chopped parsley

away. And Mom, Zoom Sift the dry ingredients and add to V& teaspoon pepper

cooks instantly! the egg and fruit juice. Fold in Vz teaspoon salt

Enjoy the good Zoom acarefullywellgreasedthe fruitpan cocktail.approximatelyPut in9 V-lz6 hardcups mayonnaisecooked eggs, sliced

flavor, give your family that by 9 inches. Sprinkle Vz cup brown 1 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce

millionaire feeling. sugar and one cup chopped nuts on 1 cup of finely chopped celery

Look for Zoom in the top. Bake at 350 degrees F. for

the bright blue 35 to 40 minutes. Serve either cold Mix all ingredients together. Top

package at your or warm, topped with whipped with crushed potato chips and bake grocer's! cream. This recipe will make 9 about 40 minutes in a 350 degree F.

mediumsized servings. oven.

Whole wheat for the Whole Family

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Store Food TODA Y Luncheon for a RAINY DA Y PERMAPAK'S Individual Loaves Ham PLAN STORAGE FOOD NEW year's a 11 buys months for per month $7.40-7.95 (Era, March 1959)

our See for one person. food of supply PERMAPAK Party for Cabbage free details. Send for 13 ad, page January ERA

Pear and Cheese Salad catalog, or buy through your dealer or storage group.

Banana Muffins with Spiced Butter For February—Unit No. 2—$7.70

Elegant Chocolate Pie FOB Salt Lake (Jan. 1961 Era) One 5-gal. can SUPER INSTANT nonfat dry milk,

and one No. 10 can MultiPurpose Food (MPF).

The individual ham loaves and the Shipping weight, 23 lbs.

chocolate pie both may be made the Milk is a MUST item in any storage plan. Rich in calcium and

day before the luncheon, leaving the phosphorus.supply. (We haveAt leastdry 150wholeqts. milkper andpersonotherneededbrandsfor ofa nonfatyear's

baking of the ham loaves for just milk in various size containers.)

before serving These banana muffins are quick to make and delicious MultiPurpose Food (MPF) is a scientific blend of esvitamins minerals, andwith this luncheon menu. sential

flavor toasted with delicate—precooked,proteinrich readygranulesto

use. EXTREMELY LOW COST AND IDEAL FOR LONGBanana Muffins TIME STORAGE.

So. 3106 MainV cup butter Specialists

City, Lake Utah 1 cup sugar 7-9479 IN in Food Storage SaltPhone 2 eggs PERMAPAK 3 large ripe bananas, mashed smooth

V2 cup water 1 teaspoon vanilla Cream the butter and sugar toJust across gether, add the eggs and beat slightthe street ly. Add the other ingredients and

fold in 1 cup of nuts. Bake 20 minfrom the

utes at 400 degrees F. (The ham

loaves can be taken from the oven TEMPLE GROUNDS and allowed to stand while the muffins are baking.

Spiced Butter HOTEL UTAH I Vi pound of butter Free TV and radio in every room xk teaspoon nutmeg Ultramodern... comfortable

V2 teaspoon cinnamon Reasonable rates

Cream well together and serve Familystyle "Crossroads"restaurant with hot muffins. Swimming pool

... and your car is parked

Party Cabbage just outside your door.

1 medium head of cabbage Next visit to Salt Lake City enjoy the 3 tablespoons butter extra pleasure of staying at the Hotel 3 tablespoons minced onion Utah Motor Lodge.

Max Dean, Manager 1 tablespoon flour

! 1 cup sour cream Complete convention facilities and exhibit halls, too—for up to 1400

2 teaspoons vinegar 2 teaspoon sugar salt to taste Now Available dash pepper paprika 1960 IMPROVEMENT ERA INDEX

Make your Era's marvelous reference volumes by bindCut cabbage into 6 wedges and ing them complete with the index for your home library.

cook until just tender in boiling, Bound volumes of the Era are also an invaluable part salted water. Melt the butter, add of your ward library.

onion and cook until tender but not brown. Add flour and stir in sour Get your 1960 Era index by sending 10 cents to cover handling

cream, vinegar, and seasonings excosts to The Improvement cept paprika, and cook until thickened, stirring constantly. Pour sauce

over cabbage. Sprinkle with paprika.

50 North Main Street Salt Lake City 11, Utah

FEBRUARY 1961 121.

fund raising groups..

is a paper sack garSee the Latest in A third idea age. Place several tiny plastic cars

Graceline's Beautiful in a stiff sack and lay away. Come

inbed time, bring out the sack garTable Prayer Napkins age and the cover "roads"will make delightful speedways for happy hours of car playing.

Instalment Fun is especially nice for youngsters in bed over a period of measles, etc. Since the days seem

to stretch endlessly, plan different daily surprises by using several activities in instalments; for instance,

an elderly woman in one neighbor-

A COMPLETE SET of hood bought books of paper dolls

Graceline's lovely table with extra clothes. When a child

prayer napkins (including nearby came down with something, these latest patterns) is PICK-N'-CHOOSE the first morning's mail brought a yours for the asking. Simply fill

in the coupon and mail today. FOR SHUTINS cadet,pretty etc.,paperaccordinglady, cowboy,to the spacechild.

of others Join the thousands clothes. mail it were extra With By BY PANSEY MCCARTY simple used our who have for several following mornings on to earn, fundraising plan

additional days, she sent wardrobe quickly money—and in a sure, that the time, I'm Many's the children loved changes. The manner! dignified rainyday or small sickabeds your

for the postof looking excitement shutins have confronted you with

SEND FOR YOUR FREE SAMPLES TODAY! the major question—"What can I do man.

now, Mommy?"And, as you know Or divide the pieces of a new,

so well, it's almost impossible to largepiece jigsaw puzzle into several! Line Co. Grace in sealed The a groups. Place group each like with and Houdini come make up

Place IE Dept. 21 Harmon 1122 consecuseveral envelope. on Then tricks of every time you a bag new

Minn. 3, Minneapolis until give an envelope tive out days solucall action. for the hear Your

of GracePlease send SAMPLES me FREE is Christfinished. the puzzle Large lot of tion? pick-'n'-choose fun fundraising complete line A Napkins and

details. prepared in spare moments or ideas mas cards or pretty magazine covers

nice puzzles for this purpose, make those tucked away for Name. mentally

too. times. are boundto-happen Here

Address. several very helpful answers to that Try a Sponge Garden to fasciNo. 1 question: nate your small tots. Wet a colored

City..Zone. State. Papersack Play offers many amussponge and place in a flat dish by

ing, yet quiet activities. Cover a the bed. Sprinkle lightly with any

white sack with interesting crayola small garden or flower seed. Keep

or cutout pictures of animals, sponge moist. The fun comes from

flowers, etc. Then tuck inside little watching for the tiny green shoots

treasures such as a new coloring book that will spring from the holes in a and a new box of crayolas, small few days.

dimestore toys, wrapped individualTree Decorating is neverending

puzzles. a fancy with Tie bow child, a card place of not. a sick For

surfor sicktimedlomsL (paleBRAND ly, or several easyto-play tricks or fun for children, Christmas time or a hide ribbon and unwith table on the bed two legs prise. folded to reach the floor. Place a

Or decorate small sacks for hand small limb in a flower pot and wedge puppets. Place a large picture of tight with wadded newspapers. Set

Seedless some favorite character such as on the table within reach of the RAISINS Donald Duck or Mickey Mouse on child and place a box of decorations one side of a new, unopened sack.—bits of cotton, strips of foil, colored

the foldeddown on head Glue the etc., jewelry, paper, costume crepe The World's Finest Raisins

just the bottom and body tree fanciest for the at under it near hand on the side of the sack. The child imaginable.

the puppet fun making can have iiiuiiiiiiiiiBiinis rainy days shutins on Small in his placing hand by FRESNO HOME PACKING CO. FRESNO, CALIF. "talk"hours, pleasant also spend many the fingers the sack over tucked with BBBiaaBI foldeddown bottom to move the decorating and redecorating a smallcan

head up and down. His imagination tree limb fastened upright to a

lovely will help with the words. If the wooden support. Keep a box of

child is well enough, let him make odds and ends on hand for just such

TOr Lff OVerS his own sack puppets. a use.

KITCHEM CHARITl WAXED PAPER

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Catalog Cutting is fun for the sick hr the Missionary.

or well as there are so many fascinating things to clip. Provide a wastebasket for scraps and make a neat

magazine file for paperdoll people D,istinctive choice of and other cutouts by folding every programs to make the other page one third over into a farewell complete. The

pocket. Glue the edges to hold. missionary's photograph

Clothesline Displays give a child a included in folded chance to pin up his favorite cutprogram.

outs, getwell cards, etc. Fasten a

sturdy string line to two long wooden $18.00 for 500

strips. Stretch the line across the and 85c per 100

bed within reach of the child and for more or lest than 500 anchor the strips between the matplus postage tress and the bed rails. Supply a box

of colored clothespins and a box of The West's Finest pinups and you will see fun for Printers and Bindershours as your youngster arranges and changes his clothesline displays.

A Scrapbook Diary offers a sick child a chance to keep a picture recDeseret ord of his days in bed. Save magazines for his cutouts. Help him find

pictures of a child in bed, food thathe might eat, pets, pictures of docNews tors and nurses, and other things associated with sickbed activities, to is 33paste in a child If the scrapbook. RICHARDS ST. Press EM 4-2581able or old enough, let him make

his own book. SALT LAKE<E CITY,CITY, UTAHUL

Other ideas quite helpful as stepsavers, as well as Momsavers, are a cardboard clock face with soda straw hands to indicate medicine time for a child that can tell time on a real clock in his room; an egg carton

filled with anagram squares for spelling fun for an older child; a bird

feeder outside the window of the sick room and a note pad and pencil handy for the young bird lover who might enjoy keeping a record of his bird callers; packs of pipe cleaners

for bending into numbers, animals, letters, etc.; or a whistle or horn tied

to the bed for signaling—only when

the child needs attention. Levant grain Calf, half circuit, New Long

If eating presents a problem for Primer type, modified selfpronouncing.

Fapiily India Concordance. Record. Oxford child, try tidbitthe notso-sick

less thick. $14.95 than 1"5% x 85V bits of cheese,snacks—bitesize appaper.

ple, carrot, meat, etc., on colored 04434x

toothpicks and arranged in a pattern The words of Christ are printed in red in on a plate by the bed; frozen suckers this beautiful Bible. Bound in Morocco

on plastic spoons from the orange grainnouncing,Calf, blackfacehalf circuit.type.Brevier,Concordance.selfpro-

juice that would not be taken from Family Record. 5 x 7V4, only %"thick.

a glass; or small pancakes cooked in $10.95

the shape of animals, flowers, etc. A new de luxe Bible with New Beryl

But whether your child picks this Type—small enough to carry anywhere

or chooses that, vou can be sure that a little wellplanned preparation leather01036x lining,Goatskin,roundhalfcorners,circuit, redsimulatedunder on your part will save precious time gold edges. 3Vs x 4 34> only %"thick.

and tempers later. And it will hap- $6.50

pily help solve your shutin's whatcan-I-do problem.? \,f//, >, {-'>/% Oxford India paper 01036*

'MV&Mttfy Authorized King James Version -SUBjs OXFORD UNIVERSITY / * \ 9 PRESS FEBRUARY 196 1 123

DISCOUNTS

U TO 5 40%CHURCHES FOLDKING TO is shrewd; and if I AND OTHERS Mr, Lincoln, We Thank You as honest as he

beat him, my victory will be hardly ( Continued from page 91 won."

After the first jointdebate at

Denton Offut in 1831. Ottawa, Illinois, on August 21, 1858,

TABLE K-3 NO.

I, first wrote: "Douglas "Glad to,"agreed the twentyLincoln and TtMPERED MASONITE

PLA&TICIZED crossed Canvass, time this swords TOP FOLDING TABLE LINE twovear-old.

Kitchen committees, social Seeing slaves bought and sold on here yesterday; the fire flew some

attention! Directfrom- groups, the auction block like so many and I am glad to know I am yet faclory discounts up terms.—Churches, to 40%prices alive."the highprincipled sickened all cattle, Schools, Clubs,—and Lodges

organizations. his new Our defeat, Lincoln gained "If I In his to hit get ever MonAbe. a chance

Folding FoldKing roe 1961 victory. larger I'll greatest hit it hard,"this thing he prom- "I am after Banquet Tables are unmatched

for quality, 7 durability, convenMODELS.

ROLLING. ience SMOOTH, and handsome appearised. game,"he admitted. "The battle of

EASY HANDLING, STORAGE. ance. 68 Models and sizes. Now came his first test with com1860 is worth a hundred of this."

FREE—BIG 1961 CATALOG munity living. New Salem was a Now the whole nation was asking,

Color pictures. Fvll chairs, line tables, trucks, table and chair thriving river is this awkward railsplitter town he sallied "Who when

platformrisers, portable bulletin 53rd partitions, year. boards. from Illinois?"forth to his destiny. accept Here

THE MONROE CO., 249 Church St., Colfax, Iowa young Lincoln clerked in a store, That question was soon answered.

enlisted in the Black Hawk War, There he was, just a few years later, served as postmaster and legislator, kissing the Bible and accepting the and fell in love with Ann Rutledge. nation's highest office. Douglas was

In New Salem his honesty becontent to hold Lincoln's hat on this occasion. DEVELOPEDFILMSand PRINTED came a proverb. He soundly learned

law and became interested in "Old ape,""ignorant baboon"—

politics. had any President been flayed like

a to his knees Lincoln? by Crushed sight of an In 1836 we catch PER ROLL lips his civil struggle, terrible Lincoln, leaping aroused forward

For any 6, 8 or 12 Exposure B & W Roll with flashing eyes, to seek a seat in trembled as they asked for divine

JUMBO PRINTS only 354 per Roll the legislature. We later find him guidance.

his of pen whisk a single to With the horse a borrowed moving on PHOTOS GENEALOGY the struck shackles the from at Springfield. he capital His new of OLD NEGATIVES MADE

told slaves. it,"was do "God possessions a few were me to worldly PRINTS each. 604 PHOTOS,

of NEGATIVE, 4<t each clothes and three law books. But his humble explanation.

272word a magnificent Then came that fire in worth? his eyes was no C.O.D. s what Send coin only—English of a masterpiece sockets looked speech—he cavernous From Guarantee MoneyBack

out at the world. He was almost eloquence. Partly borrowed from

Gettysthe Bible, he dedicated the the old, fifty years beyond unknown PHOTO LAB SAM'S deathless with Cemetery burg his of own state. He had Utah borders P. O. Box 1115 Dept. AA Salt Lake City,

failed the mother who had whisphrases.

pered a dying, "Be somebody, Abe!""... that the nation shall, under

PASSPORT TO ADVENTURE! But then came his big chance. God, have a new birth of freedom,

Tour AFRICA Withelephant'sthe eye,"Illinoishe corndueled"highin a asseriesan byand thethatpeople,governmentand forof thethe people,people

LAND OF CONTRASTS AND of word clashes with Stephen A. shall not perish from the earth."

ADVENTURE Douglas. The assassin's shot rang out in

in (Plus 2 Europe) Weeks April of night the Ford's Theater on refertime of the newspaper One

Wildlife Reserves African See—life Game for struggling 1865. 14, body A "restless as "Little Giant"to the—red Cities Tribal Natives Modern——to carried Petersen the House was ambition, of notoriety, towering for Falls Gold Victoria Diamond and—

street. a across the heard Dawn etc. Mines, arrodefiant, audacious, and proud,

52 DAYS OF SIGHTS AND THRILLS gant. trembling prayer. Then came SecreStanton's he tary immortal: "Now PRICE INCLUSIVE $2850 sized Commercial The Cincinatti ages."to the belongs Personally by conducted Evan story a better Wright Lincoln up with "Tells in Africa Resident 15 Years deathbed granted Lincoln no was

Former South African Mission President than anyone else—is a good lawyermessage. Pie had said it all in that

Next Tour Departs New York is what the world calls a devilish last great outpouring of words:

June 17th good fellow.""With malice towards none; with

For further details contact Slavery was the big issue. Lincharity for all."

out lashed coln's tenor highpitched for? For thank him do What we African Tours Wrights baritone. rich against Douglas'of simplicity, of his shining example

Salt Lake City, Utah Logan Ave. 2248 with antagonist his pelted Lincoln justice, before of marching humanity, 4-7327 HU

logic. He trapped him into conus like a luminous trail blazer in a

fusing admissions. forest of darkness.

PEWS, PULPIT* CHANCEL Douglas admitted: "I shall have Is it any wonder we raise our

full is reverberations in of full. resounding voices Lincoln hands my FURNITURE is of gratitude? best dates, facts, the wit, and write for Free catalog -/

is you!"Lincoln, "Mr. in West. the we thank stumpspeaker He AND LOWDIRECTPRICES 7

J.RRedington&Co.

DEPT. 10 SCRANTON 2, PA.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEARING AID THIMBLETender Shoot "It's the time for me."

"Where you going?"

(Continued from page 85) "Going back, back to the hills."

"How you going, our start was slow

Higgins guided the horse toward yesterday, but we covered some the open road. "Tell this country ground."

goodbye, boy, we're on our way.""I can walk."

Eli was silent. He sat on the rump Higgins shook his head, "Well, all

of the horse; the feelings inside him right, Eli, if that's what you want."The smallest hearing device in the world,

recently announced. thimble, as a Eli just was crossedwere still nodded goodtiny and horse waved up. The

tiny aid able to Engineers design a wereplodded load, with walked hard and steady. his double and bye. He It is or buttons. encords without worn

twice Eli slipped down and walked He stopped for a drink of water a tirelyfrom allin thedirections.ear with crystal clear hearing

write places, Phone, sat only but few standing, he wereawhile. The wagons down

demonstration and a free or come in for—fullNo informationobligation.waiting bite his once to eat a ready. and bundle. from The wagon

parties were finishing up their last When he walked through GettysHEARING AID minute preparations to start movburg and looked toward the gravehorses he thought stock strange it was anding. The were yard, how Jjffl&ljmrestless. Eli the torn restlessness noticed place inside the him had been COMPANY

in the people, too. Not a bustle with pieced together. 57 East Broadway

eagerness in it but movements edged He hurried now. His feet were so Salt Lake City, Utah - Phone EL 9-2241

Street felt Center they 59 East 24th Street 354 like goose down.with desperation and touched with light Now

Provo, Utah Utah Ogden,longings. in there happiness was him so much

They didn't stop until night had it seeped up into his throat and made Idaho420 Falls,A StreetIdaho 130Reno,N. NevadaVirginia

completely hemmed them in. Then a big lump. Littlefield Co. IE2

they circled their wagons and built It was late when his feet struck 57 East Broadway fires. The fires smelled like apple the familiar path and rise from where SaltPleaseLake sendCity 11,detailedUtah information

wood burning. In the moving smoke he could see the land and the log about Thimble Aid.

and flames Eli could see a tall, gaunt house. Only now it was dark. He Pleasefive contacthave ame.bonded representaman form and disappear. could smell the sweetness of the NameEli was tired, and he slept. While freshturned earth, and he could see

he slept, he dreamed the apple how the light washed through where City. State ]

orchard was dead and stood bare the deer skin was pulled back from and black with hungrylimbed arms. the window. He knew how his ma

The east field wasn't turned, and the would act; he knew as well as if he'd

weeds grew rank and high, choking just opened the door. She wouldn'tout life. show a lot of feelings, he could hear TYPEWRITERS

When he opened his eyes, the her, "You like a bite, Eli, 'fore you especially suitable for dawn had planted a molten field of turn in?"

apple trees across the eastern sky. He could feel her strong fingers GENEALOGY WORK

Eli watched them change into gold squeeze his shoulder tenderly while!Pennsylvania hills. He tied his he sat eating. He could see the land SAVE

just as if as the securely masbefore sun him the wagonbundle was 25% to 60% fields drivers. at the the the flooding Higgins apple andter shouted

drew rein and looked down at him. orchard. There were tears in Eli's on Factory Rebuilts

"Ready, Eli?"eyes, watering the tender shoot of PORTABLES - STANDARDS

"I'm not going, I just decided."hope that had sprung up in his ELECTRICS

"Why? No time to back out now."heart. Write For Free Literature

SchhmtL 9nxi.

Business Machines and Supplies 757 So. State

IDEALIST ETERNAL Salt Lake City 11, Utah

BY BARBARA YERBURY FILAN

dazzling Buy PROFITS... HOME MEH...W0MEN...MAKEBIG 'Tis said that most celestial streets

to bargains abroad. Sell

Are paved with purest gold, stores or mail order. Newfriends,Drop

And I daresay this awesome sight BUSINESS ShipcontactPlanwithputsoverseasyou sources—in direct

Is wondrous to behold. starts you full or spare time,

without product investment or Yet somewhere there must surely be detailsprevious FREE.experience.WriteCompletetoday!

With flowers overgrown, MELLINGER CO., Dept. T1652

Calif. 24, path for wandering Heavenly A

... Plan shows

one can dream get Where you alone. *=3 J.717Westwood, Los whereAngeles

bargains like these forDObigNOTprofitORDERsales.

with Mlkt $135 S. FROM US

FEBRUARY 1961 125 Church Moves On new stakes have been organized Elder Grant S. Thorn of Springduring the year 1960, more stakes ville, Utah, has been called to suc-

(Continued from page 76) than in any given year in this disceed President Brockbank in the pensation. The Prophet Joseph Smith North British Mission. At the time

Elder William S. Partridge, fororganized eleven stakes during his of this call, President Thorn was

merly second counselor, sustained as lifetime. President Brigham Young, serving as a member of the Springfirst counselor to President Heber E. who presided over the Church for ville Stake high council. He has also

Peterson of Olympus (Utah) Stake, almost thirty years, saw twentytwo been bishop of the Springville Fifth succeeding Elder Boyd C. Bott, reStakes organized during that period. Ward. Mrs. Thorn and two daughcently sustained as president of ters will accompany him on this

Melbourne (Australia) Stake. Elder The First Presidency anmission.

LeGrand R. Curtis sustained as secnounced the appointment of President Cullimore is an Oklaond counselor. Elder Joseph A. Gundersen homa City businessman. He will be

assignpresident of his mission to the City as accompanied of Salt Lake Quarters Winter Stake was PresMission wife succeeding and daughter Norwegian ment by his organized from the Winter

President Engebretsen. ident Ray Nancy. District of Quarters the Northis Salt Hill, City of President a the a former Lake Gundersen bishop Statesern Mission with Elder Wilas executive, has served and, Valley at insurance Second View Wardliam as D. sustained president Hardy

call, in Seattle, this three of as serving counselor a bishop was wards—in Eldersand C. Cochran Roy and Dan in priests'in Falls, the of Verda. high Val presidency and Idaho He as counselors.T. in Rogers Wards

to mission Stake. will the the a Valley young accompanied As be View ofthe stake 318th the Church now their of in his three a field mission wife served he and Norway. by manfunctioning are SecOmaha, Omaha

his their will children. wife go With and him

(allond, Bellevue, Lincoln Nebras-

F. daughter. Lincoln youngest President Hanks, son and now A sonka), Bluffs, Council and Iowa.

in the of the Gulf as serving president French Mission. is now serving areBranches Fremont, Grand Island,

couple Mission, States Texas was a married daughhave two of which TheKearney, Hastings (all Nebraska), first ters. is the soon. gospel part, heard Norway to be releasedSioux City and Shenandoah, Iowa.

of missions 1851 when the missionaries came now funcThe number B. of theElder Harold Council in Lee

is sixtythree. from tioning Denmark. in the Churchof the Elder and Theodore Twelve

Assistant Burton, to the CouncilM.

of the The First Presidency anJanuary 1961 the organized stake Twelve, nounced the creation of three approximately has 2,800which memfirst fields. constake the mission In Great This was new

isbers. a Quarters Winter proud

of the ScotchIrish the new ference end Mission week new

It in history. Churchname Ezra It Elder of a division found year. through was willBritainbe formed Saints that tragic the the spentthere

the of Council of British Mission. the the North Taft Benson The later of of 184647 (thewinter town

to constake will in assigned headquarters Glasgow, being be Twelve Nebraska).Florence, Winter Quarfirst his assignment Scotland. P. President again, ferences Bernard wards.ters then twentytwo had

) Stake. of British the ( Texas Antonio Misto North being San Brockbank

Workmen were undercutting sion will preside in the new ScotchHe had submitted his resignation as sections of the old stone wall Irish Mission. With headquarters in Secretary of Agriculture to President

directly east of the Beehive Birmingham, the new Central British Dwight D. Eisenhower during the

House and the mission home in Salt Mission will be created by a division week, the resignation to become efLake City. After undercutting, a of the British Mission. Elder James fective January 20, 1961eight full

cement slab will be laid under the A. Cullimore, currently serving as years after becoming Secretary of

wall. Slings under the slab will lift president of Oklahoma Stake, will Agriculture. Only occasionally had

the wall to its new location nearer preside. The new Texas Mission, he been able to attend a stake conthe old pioneer buildings, permitting with headquarters in Houston, will ference as a visiting General AuthorState Street to be widened. be formed through a division of the ity during that period. It was the

Gulf States Mission. Headquarters weekend of November 2223, 1952,

Redding Stake, the 319th for the Gulf States Mission will be that Elder Benson's visit to the stake, was organized by Elder moved from Houston to Shreveport, Provo area to hold a stake conferHoward W. Hunter of the Louisiana. Elder Ralph J. Hill, now ence with Elder Mark E. Petersen

Council of the Twelve and Elder serving as bishop of Val Verda Ward, was interrupted by a telephone call

Henry D. Taylor, Assistant to the South Davis (Utah) Stake, will prefrom then Presidentelect EisenCouncil of the Twelve, from portions side in the Texas Mission. hower inviting him to discuss the

of the Shasta District of the Northern President Brockbank of the Scotchpossibilities of becoming the new

California Mission. Elder Albert C. Irish Mission has been serving as Secretary of Agriculture. Elder

Peterson was sustained as stake president of the North British MisPetersen went on the next day to president with Elders J. Irvin Wisesion since its division from the complete the Church task that Elder

man and Lynn F. Olsen as his counBritish Mission in March 1959. At Benson and he had begun the night

selors. Wards are Anderson, Central that time he was serving as president before—the organization of the East

Valley, and Red Bluff. Branches are of Holladay (Salt Lake County) Sharon Stake of Zion. East Sharon

Burney, Corning, Mt. Shasta, and Stake and as chairman of Jordan was, on November 23, 1952, the

Trinity. The stake membership is Valley Region of the Church welfare 200th stake then functioning in the

approximately 1,787. Twentynine program. Church.

126 THE IMPROVEMENT EHA

it SeUt 4<tie (?ity'& tfao*4t "TVotd

Life Carves Character HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

MODERN COFFEE SHOPS and DINING ROOMS ( Continued from page 79 TELEVISION AIR CONDITIONED

RATES: SINGLES $6.00 up DOUBLES $8.00 up TWINS $10.00 up

received it; Joseph Smith knew it; TELETYPE RESERVATIONS ACCEPTED COLLECT SU 350

and the testimony, the evidence of the Prophet Joseph's inspiration, is manifest to all who will but open their eyes to see and their hearts to at understand.

Noble thoughts applied in life are *d0V &04C worth more than gold. When you

think of self, you are as other living 75 West creatures in the world. When you South Temple CLARENCE L. WEST, Manager

think of others and make others Salt LakeUtah City, PHONEhappy, you'approach the life of the FREE DriveinParking EL 5-2961

Christ.

Reverence for God and sacred things is the chief characteristic of a great soul. Little men may succeed, x\ ii

but without reverence they can never BURNED OUTbe great.

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, with tremendous added expense before you find

I SEEK A CHILD another.

BY MABEL LAW ATKINSON Let us explain your need for ample insurance to cover today s higher values.

How still the house when no child calls UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

As the velvet curtain of dusk slow HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

falls, With the sun's robe trailing still in the west While all of the wild things seek their nest. BEFORE BUYING AN ORGAN

I flee from rooms too immaculate Now Available a yearning glance at the littleWith dtoraQT gate, white 1960 Improvement Era

Wishing a small boy were swinging there, BEFORE BUYING A PIANO - SEE Index

That children's laughter would cleave the air Make your Era's marvelous

Too silent now.... Yet the silence pianos reference volumes by binding speaks them complete with the index

Of five who came trooping with for your home library.

wildrose cheeks, THE WORLD'S FINEST

Their arms filled with bluebells, to MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS Bound volumes of the Era are wait in bliss, AVAILABLE FOR CHURCH OR HOME also an invaluable part of

To receive my smile and thankyou PHONE OR WRITE FOR INFORMATION your ward library.

kiss.

I walk through my gardens: Not a SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. Get your 1960 Era index by

flower is crushed 3719 So. StateAM 2-1 061 -S. L. C, Utah sending 10 cents to cover

By little feet. The breeze grows handling costs to

hushed And the river's song is lonelythemed.

Though I have the leisure of which IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS The

I dreamed, in treatment of Canker, Aids simple throat and other minor mouth Improvement a killdeerchime rings oversoreWhen head, and throat irritations. Era

I seek a child to put to bed.

50 North Main Street HALLS REMEDY

Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City 11, Utah <>--<>-<>4 K>()'fll)'(){)4

FEBRUARY 1961 127 ->Ffes

If the good people in their wisThe greatest progress will perhaps be made if dom shall see fit to keep me in the all of you can give larger thought to your duties background, I have been too fathan to your rights. Democracy demands

miliar with disappointment to be more obedience to the moral law than any much chagrined.—Abraham Lincoln other form of government.—Louis D. Brandeis

The best of all governments His heart was as great as the world, but The greatest glory of a freeborn is that which teaches us there was no room in it to hold the mempeople is to transmit that freeto govern ourselves.—Goethe ory of a wrong.—Emerson (on Lincoln) dom to their children.—Havard

Most cynics have as little foresight as There is another responsibility correlated and even coBenjamin Franklins motherin-law. She did existent with free agency, which is too infrequently emphanot want her daughter to marry a printer sized, and that is the effect not only of a persons actions, but

because there were already two printing of his thoughts upon others. Man radiates what he is, and

offices in the colonies, and she was sure that radiation affects to a greater or less degree every person the country couldn't support another. who comes within that radiation.—President David O. McKay

The cure of crime is not the Let us impart all the blessings we poselectric chair, but the high sess, or ask for ourselves, to the whole chair.—J. Edgar Hoover family of mankind.—George Washington

Sit down, Mr. Washington; your modesty is equal to your valor, I would like to see a man

and that surpasses the power of any language that I possess. proud of the place in which he

—Speaker Robinson, of the Virginia House of Burgesses, to lives. I like to see a man live so

George Washington in 1759, when the latter attempted to reply to that his place will be proud the thanks of the House, but found himself unable to utter a word. of him.—Abraham Lincoln

No greater immediate responsibility Courage is not simply one of the virtues, but the rests upon all citizens of this repubform of every virtue at the testing point, which lic and neighboring republics, than means at the point of highest reality. A chastity or

to protect the freedom vouchsafed honesty or mercy which yields to danger will be by the Constitution of the United chaste or honest or merciful only on conditions.

States—President David O. McKay Pilate was merciful till it became risky.—C. S. Lewis

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

NEW IIIONE BRAND

RECIPE V >/Jl X V Jx\l XjL that's all prime fillet, pressurebaked

IDEA our ownway to protect the natural protein and flavor! For tuna that's

always moist, firm and tender, make your brand White Star—the

tuna with the mermaid on the label

WHITE STAR TUNA CHOWDER Brown % cup sliced green onion and % cup sliced celery in 3 tablespoons melted butter for 5 minutes. Add 3 cups peeled, diced raw potatoes, 2Y2,

cups water, lVz teaspoons salt. Heat to boiling; cook over medium heat

about 15 minutes. Blend Wz tablespoons flour with M cup milk. Add 1%

cups milk. Stir into potato mixture. Cook until thick. Add two 6%-oz. cans

of White Star tuna. Heat and serve at once. Makes W2 quarts of chowder.

Since 1905...

through 55 eventful years. M

BENEFICIAL LIFE has served the changing needs

of its policyowners

Styles change, economic conditions change, the world situation changes... and over the years even in your own

family there are changes in family income, number of children... and, of course, in the ages of the various family

members. All of these changes are reflected in varying needs

for insurance protection.

Beneficial Life has always been foremost in offering the newest and best in all forms of life insurance coverage. Such

popular plans as the Beneficial Benefactor (the "package plan"that covers the entire family). Beneficial's Planned

Futures (which assures steady income for your family), the costsaving Commercial Whole Life plan, and others have provided for our policyowners the maximum benefits at least cost with a variety of plans that can be tailored to individual needs. "Haifa billion thanks to you"

... our many policyowners...for helping us reach

COMING SOON: NEW LOW PREMIUM, NONPARTICIPATING POLICIES our I960 goal: onehalf billion dollars of life insurance in force

Beneficial Life now offers new types of policies at premium rates that are lower than it has ever been able to offer before. Watch for the detailed announcement on these BENEFICIAL UEE new policies soon... or ask your friendly Beneficial Life

man about them.

Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah