Life Insurance LeadingThe of the IntermountainCompany 3JliiMT3TT<"XrTPTJvriiTJli JJ VX/\.J JA T JUJLbT /nTTJPj

Region, Home Office, 16 E. So. Temple St. Joseph F. Smith, Prest.

JLIM/r\i Or&anof the Seventies and theyouno Mens

Mutual Improvement Associations

z

ui

Vol. XI. APRIL, 1908. No. 6.

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board $2.00 PER ANNUM

KNIT GOODS: CLOTHING:

Lisle, Men's, Youths, Best Boy's Cotton, Cutler Bros. Co. Best

Best Fleeced. 36 Main St., SALT LAKE CITY Order by Mail.

Save money By buying your Groceries in quantities.

We make special inducements to families buying in large quantities.

Come figure with us today.

Before the SmoKe Clears Hway United Grocery

On your firestricken shop, factory, office or store, you can resume business if inCompany sured with us. No long unnecessary

delays in adjusting, no haggling over Wholesale and Retail terms; but prompt payment of losses

every time. It's to our interest to get GROCERS

you set up in business again—we can

insure you again.

Salt Lake City Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. i/V/S<'>/VS/SN/V/*SV>/W>*>W*Vi*>/

2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

CONFERENCE VISITORS Both Phones 35 J.

CALL ON Jos* Wm, Taylor J. S. JENSEN & SONS Utah's Leading Undertaker

JEWELERS, 53 So. Main, and Licensed Embalmer.

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, Missionaries'Watches at reduced

Show Rooms and Morgue. prices. Wedding Rings, Diamonds

Office Open Day and Night Silverware. Repairing. All work

guaranteed.

21, 28, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. Have your eyes examined by our reliable optician,

H. O. JENSEN,

Eyesigh Specialist ESTABLISHED 1889. Mail Orders Promptly Attended To.

UTAH COMMERCIAL and SAVINGS BANK CAPITAL $200,000 The STATE BANK utai% Interest, Salt Lakt cuv, computed4 Per Cent... 1690 semiannually C\V/fPT T\JT HT1 /\ITlA U Established on Savings Deposits.

Commercial Banking in all its HIS bank solicits the accounts of branches. Accounts of Banks and In- / banks.firms and individuals, and

dividuals solicited. Customers assured 1 extends to such customers every

the best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility. *

with conservative and safe banking.

F.WM. Jos. F. Smith, Prest. Chas S Burton, Cashier ARMSTRONG, BYRON GROO Anthon H.Lund V Pres. H.T.McEwan.Asst.Cash. "* President. Cashier.

(When writing +o AC. er-'—rs, please mention the Era.)

CONFERENCE79TH ANNUAL SALT IJAKE CITY APRIL 4, 5. 6, 1908

USUAL LOW RATE VIA

Any Arizona or Texas agent can ticket you via Colton or Daggett, Cal., and the SALT LAKE ROUTE.

For further information write:

G. C. PECK, G. P. A., J. H. BURTNER, D. P. A.,

LOS ANGELES. SALT LAKE CITY.

ARTIFICIAL REFRIGERATION At tIARKET AND SLAUGHTER HOUSE

Palace Meat Market. THOS. J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH, POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Er.O

K E and the Dominie had been out burying

The parson liked the way Ike took his part and Ike had also thawed outDto the Minister. They talked it over. Says

Ike:—"Parson, I like your talk; what's your

religion?"'Methodist,"says the Minister, "What's yours?""Colt's 38,"replies Ike. Which reminds

us that it isn't claims that convince—its

the hacking you give 'em. We talk our

Vehicles strong because our factories buiid the stuff that comes up to our claims. Our

enthusiasm may influence, but it's the goods that convince. We get our encores

on the delivery of our goods—not on the

bill board announcements.

Leading Implement Dealers in Utah and Idaho.

Consolidated Wagon and Machine Co.

GEO. T. ODELL, GEN'L MGR.

Liberal Terms, Satisfactory Prices. Salt Lake, Ogden, Logan, Idaho Falls, Montpelier.

SCENIC LINE OF THE WORLD

f\ panorama Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnison

Of Natural Eagle River Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beauty all Wagon Wheel Gap Manitou Springs tl?e U/ay. Glenwood Springs The Royal Gorge

THROUGH

PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

For Folders, Booklets, etc, address i. A. BENTON, Gt A. P. D., Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Vol. XI. APRIL, 1908. No. 6.

LORD KELVIN, THE GODFEARING.

BY JOHN A. WIDTSOE, A. M., PH. D., PRESIDENT AGRICULTURAL

COLLEGE OF UTAH.

The death of William Thompson, Lord Kelvin, on December 17 last, calls to mind the historical fact that the majority of the truly great minds of the world have been and are filled with simple faith in God and his works. For many years preceding his death,

Lord Kelvin was ranked with the world's greatest scientists; many

thought him the greatest of all living students of nature. His work

penetrated many branches of science. With wonderful care and

precision he brought to light new laws of nature, or applied for the benefit of man laws already established. The honors of men

came to him in such abundance that they had no further meaning for him. He lived to a ripe old age, whence he could review the

developments of his generation and fit them into the history of the world. As a result of his practical work he was wealthy, and had

no reason to shape his opinions according to the notions of men upon whom he might be dependent. His life was singularly the

ideal life of the searcher for scientific truth. He was an example

of. the best type of scientific worker. His life and labors show

numerous examples of what men may make of their lives. That

he was perfect can not be claimed, but that he was sane and rational can not be doubted, for he never exchanged the well established truths of the universe for picturesque theories of enthusiasts.

402 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

It is interesting to recall that Lord Kelvin during his whole life never wavered in his belief in the existence of a God, or a great creative power. Read as an example the following quotation:

Is the sun a miraculous body ordered to give out heat and to shine forever?

Perhaps the sun was so created. He would be a rash man who would say it was

also, that Creativenot—all things are possible to Creative Power. But we know

Power has created in our minds a wish to investigate and a capacity for investigating; and there is nothing too rash, there is nothing audacious, in questioning

human assumptions regarding Creative Power.—On Geological Time, page 45,

Popular Lectures and Addresses, by Lord Kelvin, Volume II.

There can be no humbler faith than that expressed in the preceding paragraph. Upon another occasion he had the opportunity

of stating the same powerful faith in God in an even more forceful manner

But it is impossible to conceive a limit'to the extent of matter in the universe and therefore science points rather to an endless progress, through an endless space, of action involving the transformation of potential energy into palpable motion and thence into heat, than to a single finite mechanism, running down like a clock, and stopping for ever. It is also impossible to conceive either the beginning or the continuance of life, without an overruling creative power; and, therefore, no conclusions of dynamical science regarding the future condition of the

earth can be held to give dispiriting views as to the destiny of the race of intelligent beings by which it is at present inhabited.—On the Age of the Sun's Heat,

Popular Lectures and Addresses, by Lord Kelvin, Volume I, pages 356357.

Not only did Lord Kelvin believe that God lives and rules, but he had no sympathy with the idle notion of the day that life began upon this earth and will disappear with death. He believed in the

eternity of life, and that life had come to this earth from other heavenly bodies. True, he did not understand the full philosophy

of life's beginnings on this earth, but certainly with all the power at his command as the great scientist of his day, he refuted many of the modern theories which teach the origin of life on this earth without the intervention of an overruling Providence. The following paragraph shows that he believed that the phenomena of life

are largely beyond the understanding of man. Great as he was,

he was content to acknowledge the finite nature of man's work, as compared with the infinitude of nature

'403 LORD KELVIN, THE GODFEARING.

The considerations of ideal reversibility, by which Carnot was led to his theory, and the true reversibility of every motion in pure dynamics have no place in the world of life. Even to think of it (aud on the merely dynamical hypothesis

of life we can think of it as understandingly as of the origination of life and evolution of living beings without creative power), we must imagine men, with conscious knowledge of the future but with no memory of the past, growing backward and becoming again unborn; and plants growing downwards into the seeds

from which they sprang. But the real phenomena of life infinitely transcend

human science: and speculation regarding consequences of their imagined reversal

is utterly unprofitable.—On the Dissipation of Energy, pages 464 and 465, Popular Lectures and Addresses, by Lord Kelvin, Volume II.

Though the preceding paragraph shows that Lord Kelvin did not believe in the origin of life without the assistance of a God, yet he makes himself a great deal clearer in the somewhat long extract which follows. Carefully read, this paragraph will be

found to teach that life is eternal; that life on this earth came

from other spheres; that the law of natural selection is imperfect

and does not account for the variety of living things; that the law

of evolution is true only as it conforms to the law of progression;

that the whole of nature teaches the existence of a great designer or great governing power; and that finally, the power of free

agency encircles our lives

The essence of science, as is well illustrated by astronomy and cosmical physics, consists in inferring antecedent conditions, and anticipating future evolutions, from phenomena which have actually come under observation. In biology the difficulties of successfully acting up to this ideal are prodigious. The earnest naturalists of the present day are, however, not appalled or paralyzed by them, and are

struggling boldly and laboriously to pass out of the mere ''Natural History stage"of their study, and bring zoology within the range of Natural Philosophy. A very

ancient speculation, still clung to by many naturalists (so much so that I have a choice of modern terms to quote in expressing it) supposes that, under meteorological conditions very different from the present, dead matter may have run together or crystallized or fermented into "germs of life,"or "organic cells,"or "protoplasm."But science brings a vast mass of inductive evidence against this

hypothesis of spontaneous generation, as you have heard from my predecessor ir the presidential chair. Careful enough scrutiny has, in every case up to the present day, discovered life as antecedent to life. Dead matter cannot become living

without coming under the influence of matter previously alive. This seems to me

as sure a teaching of science as the law of gravitation. I utterly repudiate, as

opposed to all philosophical uniformitarianism, the assumption of "different is to say, somewhat different vicissitudes of meteorological conditions"—that

404 IMPR VEMENT ERA temperature, pressure, moisture, gaseous atmosphere—to produce or to permit

that to take place by force or motion of dead matter alone, which is a direct contravention of what seems to us biological law. I am prepared for the answer,

"Our code of biological law is an expression of our ignorance as well as of our knowledge."And I say yes: search for spontaneous generation out of inorganic

materials; let any one not satisfied with the purely negative testimony of which

we have now so much against it, throw himself into the inquiry. Such investigations as those of Pasteur, Pouchet, and Bastian, are among the most interesting

and momentous in the whole range of natural history, and their results, whether positive or negative, must richly reward the most careful and laborious experimenting. I confess to being deeply impressed by the evidence put before us by

Professor Huxley, and I am ready to adept, as an article of scientific faith, true through all space and through all time, that life proceeds from life, and from nothing but life.

How, then, did life originate on the earth? Tracing the physical history of

the earth backwards, on strict dynamical principles, we are brought to a redhot melted globe on which no life could exist. Hence, when the earth was first fit for

life, there was no living thing on it. There were rocks solid and disintegrated,

water, iir all around, warmed and illuminated by a brilliant sun, ready to become a garden. Did grass and trees and flowers spring into existence in all the fulness

of ripe beauty, by a fiat of Creative Power? or did vegetation, growing up from

seed sown, spread and multiply over the whole earth? Science is bound by the

everlasting law of honor, to face fearlessly every problem which can fairly be presented to it. If a probable solution, consistent with the ordinary course of nature, can be found, we must not invoke an abnormal act of creative power. When

a lava stream flows down the sides of Vesuvius or Etna it quickly cools and becomes solid; and after a few weeks or years it teems with vegetation and animal

life; which, for it, originated by the transport of seed and ova and by the migration of individual living creatures. When a volcanic island springs up from the

sea, and after a few years is found clothed with vegetation, we do not hesitate to assume that seed has been wafted to it through the air, or floated to it on rafts.

Is it not possible, and if possible, is it not probable, that the beginning of vegetable life on the earth is to be similarly explained? Every year thousands, probably millions, of fragments of solid matter fall upon the earth—whence came these

fragments? What is the previous history of any one of them? Was it created in

the beginning of time an amorphous mass? This idea is so unacceptable that,

tacitly or explicitly, all men discard it. It is often assumed that all, and it is

certain that some, meteoric stones are fragments which had been broken off from greater masses and launched free into space. It is as sure that collisions must

occur between great masses moving through space as it is that ships, steered without intelligence directed to prevent collision, could not cross and recross the Atlantic for thousands of years with immunity from collision. When two great

masses come into collision in space it is certain that a large piece of each is melted; but it seems also quite certain that in many cases a large quantity of

debris must be shot forth in all directions, much of which may have experienced

LORD KELVIN, THE GODFEARING. 405

no greater violence than individual pieces of rock experienced in a landslip or in blasting by gunpowder. Should the time when this earth comes into collision

with another body, comparable in dimensions to itself, be when it is still clothed as at present with vegetation, many great and small fragments carrying seed and living plants and animals would undoubtedly be scattered through space. Hence,

and because we all confidently believe that there are at present, and have been from time immemorial, many worlds of life besides our own, we must regard it as probable in the highest degree that there are countless seedbearing meteoric stones moving about through space. If at the present instant no life existed upon

this earth, one such stone falling upon it might, by what we blindly call natural causes, lead to its becoming covered with vegetation. I am fully conscious of the

many scientific objections which may be urged against this hypothesis, but I believe them to be all answerable. I have already taxed your patience too severely

to allow me to think of discussing any of them on the present occasion. The hypothesis that (some) life (has actually) originated from the ruins of another world

may seem wild and visionary; all I maintain is that it is not unscientific, (and cannot rightly be said to be improbable).

From the earth stocked with such vegetation as it could receive meteorically, to the earth teeming with all the endless variety of plants and animals which now inhabit it, the step is prodigious; yet, according to the doctrine of continuity, most

ably laid before the Association by a predecessor in this chair (Mr. Grove), all

creatures now living on earth have proceeded by orderly evolution from some such origin. Darwin concludes his great work on The Origin of Species with the following words:

It is interesting to contemplate an entangled bank clothed with many plants of many kinds, with birds singing on the bushes, with various insects flitting about, and with worms crawling through the damp earth, and to reflect that these elaborately constructed forms, so different from each other, and dependent on each other in so complex a manner, have all been produced by laws acting around us. * * * * * * *

There is grandeur in this view of life with its several powers having been originally breathed by the Creator into a few forms or into one; and that, whilst this

planet has gone cycling on according to the fixed law of gravity, from so simple a beginning, endless forms, most beautiful and most wonderful, have been and are being evolved.

With the feeling expressed in these two sentences I most cordially sympathize. I have omitted two sentences which come between them, describing briefly the hypothesis of "the origin of species by natural selection,''because I have always felt that this hypothesis does not contain the true theory of

evolution, if evolution there has been, in biology. Sir John Herschel, in expressing a favorable judgment on the hypothesis of zoological evolution, with, however, some reservation in respect to the origin of man, objected to the doctrine

of natural selection, that it was too like the Laputan method of making books, and that it did not sufficiently take into account a continually guiding and controlling intelligence. This seems to me a most valuable and instructive criticism

I feel profoundly convinced that the argument of design has been greatly too much

406 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lost sight of in recent zoological speculations. Reaction against frivolities of

teleology, such as are to be found, not rarely, in the notes of learned commentators on Paley's Natural Theology, has, I believe, had a temporary effect in turning attention from the solid and irrefragable argument so well put forward in that excellent old book. But overpoweringly strong proofs of intelligent and benevolent design lie all around us, and if ever perplexities, whether metaphysical or

scientific, turn us away from them for a time, they come back upon us with irresistible force, showing to us through nature the influence of a free will, and teaching us that all living beings depend on one overacting Creator and Ruler.

Presidential Address to the British Association, Edinburgh, 1871, pages 197 to 205, Popular Lectures and Addresses, by Lord Kelvin, Volume II.

Little comment is needed on these extracts. Does "Mormonism"agree with the sane talks of Lord Kelvin? All who understand it will say, yes. The science of the world is, and can be no

more than one phase of the everlasting gospel of Jesus Christ which covers and embraces all truth. Let us learn from the great

minds of the world that in or out of this Church, there can.be

nothing better than a simple faith in God, and in his intelligent power over men.

Logan, Utah.

THE GOSPEL'S LIGHT.

(For the Improvement Era.)

May the gospel's glorious light So, good brother, go right on, 'Luminate your path by night Measure not the truth by throng,

And by day, in endless ways, But by scientific search,

With its most effulgent rays. All that's claimed within the Church.

And may truth forever shine, Search the scriptures, Christ hath said,

In its splendor most divine, And you will by him be led;

Coming trom the worlds above, You can trust him in the race,

Revealing Father in his love. Though men hold you in disgrace.

Then, you should be satisfied Do not falter, because this

Not to hear the Lord denied, Many leads from laws of bliss;

But to seek, and him obey And a weakness may lead you

In the right and proper way. From the end you have in view.

And in case you should not find, So my counsel to you now

Keep on seeking, never blind Is to force ahead, and plow

To the fact that he will hear; Deeper still, and you shall find

In the end you need not fear. Greater truths for all mankind.

Wellington, Utah. B. M. U. Goold.

WHAT OF THE HOMECOMING?

A NARRATIVE BASED ON REAL LIFE.

BY D. H. FOWLER.

II.

"Marval, have you forgotten all about the fact that you are baking bread today?"called the voice of our heroine's sister, "I

fear it was nearer eatable an hour ago than it will ever be again.

Do you feel ill,"she went on, "that you look so griefstricken?

You should not worry about him, for he is in the care of Him in whose service he labors. He will return safe and sound, unless it

is otherwise decreed,"she observed as she quitted the room, leaving Marval alone to deplore the fact of the parched condition of her otherwise perfect loaves.

"I can't rid my mind of it,"she mused, "It seemed so reallike. That black train; it pulled into the depot just as natural as

I have seen it in my waking hours,"ran her thoughts. "And the

crowd that was there; and all seemed dressed in mourning! And

the nail that seemed to envelop the place appeared to hang over all like a shroud. I don't know why it should impress me thus,

for in my dreams I often find myself at the depot, since I saw him step aboard on that memorable afternoon."As the running fancy

of her mind reached this juncture, the kitchen door swung, "and her mother entered, and Marval resolved to unburden herself to her upon whose wisdom past experience had taught her to rely.

In her mother she had always found a real sympathizer and a wise counselor, who now listened attentively to the confiding daughter as she rehearsed her fancies of the past night. She finished, and

the two sat in thoughtful silence. The mother seemed about to offer

some suggestion, when she was startled by the sudden, exclamation, "What's that?"It came from Marval, who at the same

408 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

time had arisen with a spasmodic jerk, and stood staring into empty space with every nerve of her beautiful form tense, and her head slightly inclined forward, as if in the attitude of intently listening. "What's what?"exclaimed her mother, who, though she considered her daughter's mind as only a little overwrought, yet began

to be greatly moved over her strange actions. "What's what?"she

reiterated; the words recalled her to the consciousness that her

mother was speaking to her.

"Didn't you hear it?"she explained, trying to speak calmly.

"I heard a voice as plain as day. It sounded so familiar, and it

"was in agony—'Help!—Marval.'

Two boatmen and on a tributary of the Father of Waters. The

August sun beat down in a hazy glare on the face of the stream. The

reflection of heat scorched their faces. If we come closer we

recognize the familiar features of our friend—the Elder—features

often seen on crossstreets, when, as did they of old, he had preached the gospel of repentance. Peterlike, he now sat in the

boat, fishrod in hand. He chatted pleasantly with his companion

about the various experiences that had come to him in the course of his meanders as a minister of truth. The other returned the

compliment. They talked heartto-heart as two school boys. They

had known each other only a few months, having been reared in different localities, and under somewhat different circumstances.

The Elder had known the life of the city; his fellow that of the

farm; the one had risen to a place of some importance in a large

mercantile concern—had followed the life of a prospective merchant, the other had followed—the plow. Yet, they were on the

same errand, and treated each other as equals. Each had received

practically the same training—had been taught the story of Jesus

from his mother's knee. They had been taken weekly by the Sunday schools, Primary associations, etc., established by the Church

for the benefit of the young, and had there been taught the elements of religion and morality till the age of twelve. Then they

attended the Mutual Improvement associations, which, as the name implies, were founded with the end in view to lay a solid foundation for a life of usefulness, and of a high moral character.

WHAT OF THE HOMECOMING? 409

During these few months, they had grown to love each other, with an affection almost like that of Jonathan and David. The

Elder now seemed in an exhilaration of spirits, apparently opposite to his mood earlier in the day. He now talked freely of his future

hopes and intentions. The heat became more and more oppressive

and he suggested a dip in the stream. It was quickly decided that

bathing was not out of keeping with the height of the temperature; so, having secured the necessary apparel, they made for

a suitable nook where they might enjoy a quiet plunge in the refreshing element. The Elder proposed a swimming

feat across a narrow "deep"to reach a mound of stones at the base of a pier beyond. His comrade plunged in and cleared

the goal, swimming much farther past it than he had intended.

Our hero having been detained some minutes looking after the safety of their effects, determined to make a shorter cut to his companion, that he might be nearer him in the event of danger, which, by the way, would necessitate his crossing a somewhat wider "deep."When half way over, he let himself down to test

the depth. Finding it greater than his height—far greater than

either became excited at finding himself in ahe had supposed,—he

great depth of water, and lost all prudence of action, or else was seized with swimmer's cramps, probably the former. However

this may be, the essential fact remains the same; he sank, rose,

and called for assistance. His associate heard, but was some

distance away, and made all haste toward the cry. He soon came

in sight, but a sickening spectacle met his gaze. The drowning

man at that moment rose for the last time, and the memory of that wild look of terror that was stamped on his face will doubtless be the mental possession of our wouldbe rescuer to his dying day. Two words escaped that horrorstricken visage as the

deathrattle sounded in his throat, "Help!—Marval!"And the

relentless water closed forever in this life over that fair, beloved head.

His friend made heroic efforts to locate the body as he reached the spot a few moments later, but to no avail. There was

a slight undercurrent, and after diving with the hope of seizing the body and bearing it shoreward, till his own strength approached exhaustion, he with great labor made his way to the pier,

41C IMPROVEMENT ERA.

which, when he had reached, he sank down on the rocks with his energy all but spent, and stared at the spot in a daze of horror.

His stony gaze seemed riveted to that spot in the now placid waters, above which he had seen his brother's face moulded in the agony of cruel death. He could not realize that the companion

of his toils, joys and sorrows, was really swallowed up in the maw of the pitiless wave. He had a vague expectation of seeing the

elements part asunder and again disgorge their precious victim.

He could not think that the form that had been by his side day after day would be thus snatched away by the grim monster of the deep. And over and over in his fancy sounded the terrorladen

last appeal—''Help!—MarvalP

In a Utah city, a sombre group of men and women stood silently together at our historic depot—the D. & R. G. No

one seemed disposed to interrupt the stillness by a word. The

whish of steam, the deep "tong"of enginebells, the rumble and clanking of switching freights, grated on their ears this morning and rasped on the inmost feelings. "Number Six"was a little late,

but was now expected momentarily.

We have little trouble to detect the central figures of the mourners. A silverhaired father, a drooping, griefconvulsed

mother, tearstained sisters and brothers, a lithe, supple form with tearless, violet eyes, staring absently into space, as one enveloped in a profound stupor; namely, a sweetheart. She seems

to hear no sound nor see any of the straggling forms that ever and anon pass to and fro.

The shrill shriek of an engine whistle breaks suddenly on the air. Marval started as ons> pierced to the depths, her eyes spasmodically turned in the direction of the shrill call, all her senses

becoming quickly alert and every nerve, apparently, painfully tense. The beautiful form leaning slightly forward, as if in eager

expectation, the goldbrown tresses sweeping the now deathly white brow, would have made a rare subject for any wielder of the chisel. The ironhorse leaped in sight from behind the moundlike hill. A moment later a piercing cry rent the air, two arms

in black shot upward, and the limp form of a lovely girl pitched

WHAT OF THE HOMECOMING? 411

forward and was caught in the strong arms of her brother. The

cry burned itself into the memories of all who heard "The black train!"

"Greater love has no man than that he lay down his life for his friends,"the speaker was saying to a large concourse of people who packed the ward church to the doors. One of the local elders

was just closing a touching tribute to the deceased. He had dwelt

at some length upon the pure, noble life of the young departed

Elder. "In the abounding wisdom of God, he is doubtless called

to a greater mission of love on the other side, greater even than that which he undertook to the inhabitants of the earth; namely,

to preach to the spirits in the unseen world. He will declare glad

tidings of great joy to the unnumbered souls who have died without hearing the gospel of Christ. And these will rise and bless

his name forever and ever in the eternal worlds."

The hearse headed the long funeral cortege to the last resting-place, and all that remained mortal of our hero was consigned to the cold grave.

Marval Hall resumed her household duties in her father's home, notwithstanding her mother's wish that she remain free from all care. At first she refused to be comforted, but gradually began to listen to reason. She prayed as she had never

prayed before. A spirit of calm peace and resignation reigned in

her heart. She performed in the temple the ceremonies necessary

for her and our hero to dwell as husband and wife forever in the world to come. That was the state of bliss she now looked forward to, and she tried more than ever to make her acts such that

she would indeed be worthy to be his helpmeet and share the celestial joy of her minister of glad tidings.

(the end.) Independence, Missouri.

THE OLD WILLOW STREAM.

{For the Improvement Era.)

We stood on the bridge o'er the old willow stream

That wound through the green, sunny fields like a dream,

From mountain to meadow, with laughter and glee, 'Till it spread its clear waters like glass in the sea.

And she was as fair as the lillies that blow;

And her soul was as pure as a drift of the snow.

A lovelier maiden than she, never won

The caress of the wind, or the kiss of the sun.

How I envied him, then, as he lingered to share

With the breezes that played in her soft golden hair.

I had watched the warm sun in her heart slowly rise, 'Till the morning of love brightly dawned in her eyes;

And its pure, sacred light, from its earliest ray,

Entered into my life, like a beautiful day.

On her rosetinted cheek stood a trembling tear,

Like the dew on a flower, in the spring of the year.

But I kissed it away. A reluctant goodbye

Was wrung from my heart, with a tear and a sigh.

So we parted. But far down the shadowy lane

I paused to look back, full again and again,

Where she lifted and waved her white hand to and fro,

As the lilies that wave when the gentle winds blow

With the spring that came out of its sweet scented bowers

With a smile, and a song, and a lap full of flowers.

She stood on the bridge, 'till the shadowy forms

Of the evening had borne her away in their arms.

And oh, what a loneliness came with the night,

As she faded away like an angel of light;

My heart full of longing, too heavy to wade

Through the waters of sorrow, returned to the maid

Though seas roll between us, in hope and in dream,

I still live on the banks of the old willow stream.

Theo. E. Curtis.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

LIFTERS AND LEANERS.

BY JOHN PHILLIPS MEAKIN, FRATERNAL LECTURER AND DRAMATIC

READER.

Wherever you go, you will find the world's masses

Are always divided into just these two classes,

The two kinds of people on earth I mean,

Are the people who lift and the people who lean.

To be truly great should be the aim and object of every human being. By this we mean that every person should be within him or herself an individual personality, worthy of confidence

and respect.

lift and those who There are two kinds of people—those who

lean, or, in other words, the constructionists and the destructionists.

As we look at the world through the glasses of the present, we see all the frailties and imperfections of those around us. The

petty details of daily life do not bear close inspection; it is only by

viewing with a general gaze the sum total of noble lives, that one gets away from the thought that the world is retrograding.

It is only the few who have moral courage enough to be true to their inner selves,and to be Lifters toward the higher intellectual life. The many shift their burdens of responsibility and duty to

suit the passions and desires of their outer selves; thus they bestumble and fall.come Leaners—they

All human beings are endowed with the essence of divinity, mind, intelligence, heart and soul. These are gifts of the Godman, and within every human being lies dormant the stamp of the

Creator.

414 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

This essence is the spark of divine life, and can be fanned into a brilliant flame, or allowed.to retire from its home of clay.

This germ of good in all human beings is ready and waiting for the work of cultivation to begin. Man is a partner with God

a coworker with him in selfconstruction. The result of our cultivation depends upon the application of God's law to our own individual development, and upon the soil or body which surrounds the

germ within us.

As the bulb or seed of a flower requires a good material home in which to grow and thrive, even so must the divine seed of

Godlife have a pure material body in which to develop into the blossom of righteous thought and intelligence.

The conscience, God's monitor, is within us, and if, through habitual evil doing and evil thinking, we deaden that gentle voice, we become mere things, with vile, base instincts only.

We cannot imagine that any destiny than the highest was intended for man; hence we are forced to the conclusion that

through ignorant choice man has become lower than the dumb beast, for by appeasing and fostering the animal passions, he destroys the spark of divinity which the beast does not possess.

BUILDING.

'Tis fearful building upon any sin,

One mischief entered brings another in,

The second draws a third, the third pulls more,

Till they for all the rest set ope'the door;

Then custom takes away the judging sense,

And to offend we think it no offense.

In all human life there seems to be a tendency to surrender one's individuality through leaning upon others.

While we realize that isolation is almost impossible to man we do know that individual personality is an absolute necessity to human development.

God does not require that we borrow others'talents, but his law does demand an increase of our own, through cultivation.

We will always be stronger as ourselves, though weak, than we will by leaning upon the talents of others. Our own faculties

will always serve us better, because, being designed by the Creator for us, they are in harmony with our being. Better to think for

LIFTERS AND LEANERS. 415

yourself, if but partially right, than to allow others to think for you and be entirely right. It is not the lack of doing, but the

lack of thinking which retards human progress.

In order to work out any problem, we must have a basis to start from; hence, if we expect young men to develop into sterling

manhood their thoughtforces must be aroused—the mind must be

put to work. This activity of mind and thoughtpower forms the

basis for the character building, and without this sound basis, humanity drifts like a helmless vessel.

Young men! let a friend appeal to you briefly upon this subject of cultivation. Do not, in youth, through dissipation drive

away the Godprinciple by destroying the body. Truly has it been

said: "The wages of sin is death."If your minds, up to the present time, have not been awakened, and you are slumbering in the

-cradle of apathy, you need proof of the results of evil doing.

Look at the human wrecks around and about you—then ask yourshall itself the question,—which be—a Lifter or a Leaner?

It lies with each individual to carve out hjs or her own destiny. Will you be a Lifter or a Leaner?

The Leaner travels the downward path. He sacrifices character upon the altar of vice. He first takes the cigarette, a little

demon, which suggests a larger one, drink, followed closely by its satellites, late hours and revelry, and in their wake come the secret vices and debauchery.

He is now a bundle of corruption. He has exchanged higher

values for lower values. He lives the coarse, animal life, and

pushes from him the divine essence, the Godspirit which was intrusted to his care and keeping. He becomes selfish, gloomy, indolent, cowardly and treacherous. He does not stand erect in manly

courage and purity of soul. Having no power to battle with the

vicissitudes of life, he becomes a weakling. He is now a Leaner.

He is an outcast in awe of himself. His declining years find him

in the solitude and gloom of his own undoing. He is the central

figure in the picture of a ruined life, a life of unrighteous impressions and mistaken happiness, in which the mind has become stunted and warped.

Naught greets his ears but his own requiem, in Death's

Revelry. For the demons still sing:

416 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We meet 'neath the sounding rafter,

And the walls around are bare;

As they shout back our peals of laughter

It seems that the dead are there.

Now here are the goblets glowing,

Now here is the vintage sweet;

'Tis cold as our hearts are growing,

And dark as the doom we meet.

Not a sigh for the loss that darkles,

Not a tear for the friends that sink;

We'll fall 'mid the wine cup's sparkle,

As mute as the wine we drink.

Come, stand to your glasses steady;

'Tis this that the respite buys,

One cup for the dead already Hurrah for the next that dies.

The fixed and inimitable laws of nature forbid that man shall stand still. If he is not a Leaner he must of necessity be a Lifter.

At the entrance upon each new day, one or the other of the human forces must give way; if the lower faculties do not give way

to the higher, then the higher must fall prey to the lower.

If man would enjoy life eternal and supreme earthly happiness, he must cast from his mind and soul all that is low and coarse

He must not exchange higher values for lower values. He must

be:

A truthful soul, a loving mind

Full of affection for its kind,

A helper of the human race, A soul of beauty and of grace;

A spirit firm, erect and free,

That never basely bends the knee.

To exchange lower values for higher values one must develop all talents of mind and heart, however small or obscure they may be. By so doing, one unconsciously becomes a Lifter. Through

the development of the higher faculties and sensibilities, the heart becomes humanized, and ere long it throbs in tender sympathy for the many heartaches and sorrows of the world. One then yearns

LIFTERS AND LEANERS. All

with infinite longing to accomplish something that will alleviate the sufferings of humankind.

What matters to the Lifter, the human passions and frailties of the children of men? he will see through it all, and understand

the mistakes and errors growing out of human weaknesses. His

sympathies are too broad and deep for unkindness or revenge.

He realizes that life is a field where love, tenderness and civilization are growing amidst the tares of human failure, and, like a field of ripening grain, it gives promise of a golden harvest. Being a Lifter, he is on excellent terms with himself, because seeing

a purpose in his living, he is true to himself. To him, ignorance

and indolence are the tares of the field of life. He appreciates

the fact that vice of every kind is the result of ignorance and weakness From his heart of hearts the Lifter says

Time worketh, let me work, too;

Time undoeth, let me do;

As busy as time my work I ply,

Till I rest in the rest of eternity.

Sin worketh, let me work, too;

Sin undoeth, let me do!

As busy as sin my work I ply, Till I rest in the rest of eternity.

Death worketh, let me work, too

Death undoeth, let me do;

As busy as death my work I ply,

Till I rest in the rest of eternity.

Chicago, Illinois.

HONESTY.

On behalf of all our people, on behalf no less of the honest man of means than of the honest man who earns each day's livelihood by that day's sweat of his brow, it is necessary to insist upon honesty in business and politics alike, in all walks of life, in big things and in little things; upon just and fair dealing as between

man and man. President Theodore Roosevelt.

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH

LITERAL FULFILMENT OF BLESSINGS RECEIVED

THROUGH THE HOLY PRIESTHOOD.

BY ALBERT E. SCHOENFELD.

As there is a desire to publish in the Era some of the testimonies of elders of our Church in order to inspire our young men to the reality of the fact that men of God in our day can seal blessings here on earth, which blessings God in heaven will honor and fulfil, I gladly contribute a description of some of my experiences, which I never shall forget.

Having been set apart on the 5th of August, 1892, for a mission to Germany and Switzerland. I started from the Denver &

Rio Grande depot on the 6th of August, in company with Elder

Wahlquist. We traveled together until we reached Liverpool,

where we had to separate, I going to Switzerland and he to Scandinavia. In Leeds (England) I met on the 27th of August with

my first experience, in fulfilment of some words in my blessing, which words I shall quote further on. Just like an inexperienced

young boy I had changed in Liverpool all my money into French coin; not reserving enough change to serve me on the way through

England, I was hungry and had no change in English money to buy a meal. All at once I noticed a friendly face at the station, it

was the genial countenance of Elder Rodney Hillam, Jun., who

had been sent to meet and advise elders bound for the continent.

He helped me out of my dilemma in literal fulfilment of the words in my blessing.

The next and more serious experience awaited me in Brussels

Belgium, on my way to Switzerland. At Antwerp the train stood

ready, via Brussels, for Switzerland. Looking at the long train, a

strange forefeeling [presentiment] came over me, as if something dreadful was going to happen. I tried to step into the last car,

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH. 419

and some small voice seemed to whisper that I was not safe there

I tried a car in the centre of the train. The same feeling, the

same whispering, that I would not be safe there. So I walked

until I reachedalong the train,—the same feeling accompanied me,

the very next car behind the engine. Here I felt easy. Approaching the city of Brussels, an express train came from the rear and

ran into our train, before the latter had completely gotten on to the side track.

The scene of destruction was dreadful to behold. The rear

car was cut to splinters, the centre cars were telescoped, and my car escaped with a general upsetting of everything. Everything

was in commotion, my valice I found outside along the track; how

it got there, I do not know. My hands were stained with blood,

so was my valice, but not a scratch or wound was found on me;

the bloodstains came from injured passengers, sitting alongside of me. It took the balance of the day to clear the track and get us

started again. There were ten persons killed and thirtythree injured!

In going from the wreck to the station, I found that everybody spoke French, and I was at a loss as to the right direction, when suddenly a kindlooking lady accosted me in my own mothertongue, took me into the house, gave me water to wash my bloodstained hands, and sent her husband with me to the station, to find out for me the correct time for the starting of the next train.

in my blessing, pronounced Now, dear reader,—mark the words

upon my head by Apostle Heber J. Grant, on the 5th of August,

1892, the day before I started:

.... That you may have the light and inspiration of the Spirit of God

to be with you; that it may be your constant guide and companion... and

warn you of dangers, seen and unseen, and enable you to avoid the same;...

in your that you may travel in safety.... and that no accident befall you

journey to and fro...

Further words in the blessing read

Friends shall be raised up in your absence, and you shall not want for the necessities of life....

Both of these promises, with many others, were literally fulfiled during my mission.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF "ADDED UPON,""THE CASTLE

BUILDER,"ETC.

VI.

LONDON.

Willard Dean made short work of his parting with the Sisters

Fernley. He lingered longer with some of the other Saints—he

felt safer with them. He disliked to part with his companion,

Elder Donaldson, as he had learned to love him dearly; however,

Elder Donaldson promised to visit him in London some time later.

When Willard went to say goodby to Aunt Nancy and Nora, he was somewhat surprised to see how keenly they felt the parting. Why must he go? they enquired. Was he not doing well

enough where he was? They would miss him very much.

"You see,"said the old lady, as she held his hand in her bony one and stroked it gently, "we haven't many real friends.

We are here, Nora and I, struggling to live and help others a little. Your coming has been the only ray of sunshine which we

have received for a long time—and now you are going, too."

Willard had invited them a number of times to attend the meetings of the Saints, but so far they had not done so. When

pressed for a reason he had been told that they had no clothes fit to go to church in; and he had tried to convince them that most of

the Saints were poor people like themselves. His heart went out

to them now, and he longed to help them. He knew that the

greatest help he could give them was to get them interested in the gospel; and so he told them again of the other elders and how

pleased the Saints would be to welcome them. When he arose to

go, Nora walked out with him.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 421

"It is quite dark,"she said. "May I walk along with you a

short distance?"

"Why, certainly; but why did you say that about it's being

dark?"Never mind; I know. '

She chose the darkest side of the streets as they walked. The

young man surmised that she did this for his sake, and not for her own. "I want to tell you,"she said, "that I have attended most of your street meetings lately, although you have not seen me. I

have taken good care that you should not. I cannot keep away.

Something draws me to what is said, and the manner the elders say it. I wanted to tell you this before you left."

The girl's usually colorless cheeks seemed to glow, and her dark eyes beamed.

"Go to our meetings,"urged he. "I shall see that Elder

Donaldson visits you. Talk to him, and let him talk to you. It

will do you good."

"I will try,"she said. "Good night, I must not go

farther.""Good night, and God bless you,"replied Willard, as he shook her hand warmly.

He went on, but she stood still. The "God bless you"rang

in her ears as the sweet music of bells. She had never heard

anything quite like those words before; and as she stood there

looking after the retreating figure of the elder, her heart was touched, and she had an assurance that here at last was a man, a pure man, one that she could trust implicitly. And this man was

going away. Well, such acquaintance had been given to her molot in life.mentarily only—such had been her

The train which carried Willard Dean southward to London was an express, and stopped only at a number of the larger cities.

The ride was a delightful one, through England's hills, fields and gardens. Willard was alone in the compartment most of the time.

He tried to read, but did very little of that, as he kept looking out of the open window. When his thoughts were not on the flying

landscape, they were back with the friends whom he had just left 422 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The reason for his leaving was uppermost in his mind, and he wondered if he was acting cowardly in thus running away from tsmptation. But his better sense told him that the only safe and

wise thing to do in his case was to get away as far as possible from Stonedale.

The train rolled on through alternating sunshine and showers.

Towards the close of the afternoon Willard expected every town to be London, but the train sped out again across another stretch of country, then into a town and out into an open space again. The towns became larger and consequently the space between them smaller. They were now in the suburbs of the great

city.

At last there was no break in the houses; yet the train went

on with undiminished speed, over bridges, under bridges, through streets, across streets, now underground, and now above the long rows of chimneys, with their chimney pots on top. The air was

no longer clear. The sun was hidden in smoke. There was a continuous tooting of locomotives and rumble of trains coming and

going. On they went. Were they not in London yet?

Then the noises of the city, coming in such numbers and rapidity, soon blended into one continuous roar. Willard began to

realize that he was in London at last. The train slowed up and

stopped. "Tickets, please!"shouted the guards as the collection

was made, and Willard knew that this was the last stop before the end of the journey. Once more the train moved, and in a few

minutes the great busy station was reached.

Willard Dean spent the remainder of the summer in London, and he learned to know some of the many phases of that "mighty mother city of our race, the great distributing heart of our traditional life."Willard had read of London, but had hardly expected

to live in the city. But now the hours of loneliness on the farm

which he had devoted to reading paid him back with interest.

When he arrived in the city there was not one soul that he was aware of, which he knew, but everywhere he met names and places that appealed to him as old friends.

The young man saw London in a good many moods, for the city has moods as well as the person who sees it. The first thing that came

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 423

to Willard the day he arrived was: "This is London—London, the

great and only London."He ought, perhaps, to have been overawed with the greatness of his environment, but he wasn't. His

own feelings reminded him of his first reading of Shakespeare: In

order to have the least semblance of enjoyment in the performance, he had to repeat to himself, "This is Shakespeare. I am

reading Shakespeare, the great Shakespeare."

In one of the first letters which Willard sent home from London, he described it thus: "London is a low, flat, ugly, groveling

thing, spreading out over the green country on every hand, reaching out its grimy limbs over the beautiful earth."Again, a little

is a world by itself, orlater, he said: "London is not a city—it

at least it has that appearance. I suppose that London contains

people from every country on the globe. London hardly needs the

I am told that it doesn't get much of it during thelight of heaven—

it seems an alland selfsufficient thing in itself,winter—for

going on without the aid of sun or moon or stars, wrapped up in its own busygoing affairs day and night."

Willard was disappointed in the Thames. He saw it first

near the Houses of Parliament, and found it to be a sluggish river

**''"Si

n wi

jzz&ffim *jjj * t2t** ljU i ln ** 'adA m** 'i

'iLlk M

Westminster Bridge and Houses of Parliament.

424 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with very little life on it save a few freight barges. However y

lower down, he found very much traffic, while farther above, it becomes a pleasure stream for pleasure seekers. When he saw

London bridge, he remembered how in childhood they had played a game which said that London bridge was falling down. As he

stood on the bridge and watched the traffic, his mind wandered

London Bridge.

away from the busy scene to a more quiet one far away in the valleys of Utah. The last boy, he himself, had been caught by the

of two girls—and having decided thatfalling "bridge"—the arms

he liked oranges better than lemons was ranged on the "orange"side. Willard was the only boy on his side, and he had pulled for

victory with all his strength. But it was of no use, as the other side

had won, and Grace Wells had blamed him for the defeat. He

remembered that day as he stood on the real London bridge.

Willard did the usual work of tracting and holding street meetings. At first he felt his lonesomeness keenly. Millions of

people were all around him, yet he was at times lonesome to a degree never before experienced. He had been in the desert surrounded by nothing but sand and scrubbrush. That had been

The Bank of England Corner—"The busiest spot on earth."

sublime solitude, and his heart had gone out to his God—he had

not been lonesome. Here were vast hurrying crowds; here

were life and motion, here were trade and business; while on the

corner near the Bank of England more people passed him than would have done in any other spot on the earth, so he was really in the center of the world—and yet he was unutterably lonesome,

because he had not one soul to whom he could speak and tell what was in his heart.

It was not often that Willard took a day off from his work

When he was not tracting or visiting he was studying. He felt

the need of more study as he came in contact with men of all classes; and the young elder grew wonderfully in the power to

grasp the truth and make practical application of it. The

knowledge, somewhat general and abstract, which he had gained in his Sunday School and Mutual now came back to him and became specialized into something tangible that he could apply to the work in hand. The beauties of the gospel also opened up to

him, and his testimony was strengthened accordingly. He liked

the street work. Every evening when the weather permitted the

elders were out on the streets. They met with much indifference

and some opposition, but Willard had so far learned to control himself that he could go right on talking amid noise and interrup426 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tions. To him there was inspiration in the thought that each

audience which they addressed was nearly if not entirely a new one, and that perchance among that audience there would be one soul seeking for and hungering after the truth. At every door

which he visited with tracts he would say to himself, ''Perhaps in this house is some one waiting for the truth,"and though he was disappointed time and time again, the thought became an eternal hope that led him on day by day. "And if it be so that ye shall

labor all your days in crying repentance unto this people, and bring save it be one soul unto me, how great shall be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father."

One Saturday afternoon Willard took a holiday, and he spent most of it seeing London from the top of a bus, this being the most inexpensive way of seeing the city. The day was uncommonly warm, and the city people were out in summer attire. Willard liked to study people and faces, and on top of a bus is an ideal

place for this. It had impressed Willard, as it has many others,

that it is a strange thing for the biggest city in the world to still have horse cars as the chief method of street transportation. Willard usually got a seat well up in front near the driver to get away

from the smokers, and to ask questions of the driver whom he usually found very accommodating and willing to talk. Willard

had thought that he himself could drive a team very well, but when he had seen the London bus driver, he concluded he had yet something to learn. It was always one of the wonders of London

of vehicles, dashing here and there, in and—this constant stream

out of narrow streets, around corners and other vehicles, always seemingly just going to collide with something, but never doing it. The drivers went easily and safely through spaces with but a

few inches to spare. The streets were ofttimes slippery, yet the

horses were not allowed sharpshod shoes.

Willard mounted a bus in Kingsland Road, going south. He

rode on past Shoreditch into Bishopsgate. Then past the busy

Liverpool Street railway station, into the narrow Threadneedle

Street, where the traffic became so congested that progress was slow. He got off at the bank corner and walked along Cheapsides to St. Pauls. The day was so fine that he did not wish to

go inside the great cathedral, so he went on around to Paternoster

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 427

Row, that extremely narrow street devoted to printers and book stalls. He lingered here for some time looking at the books, and

thus by way of Amen Corner he passed out into Ludgate Hill and circus. In Fleet street he read the signs of the great London

newspapers and paused long enough by the window of the Illustrated London News to look at the pictures in the latest edition

He remembered what a treasure a big bound volume of this paper had been to him as a child.

At the end of Fleet Street are the Law Courts, and Willard turned aside to the Inner Temple and took a look at the grave of

Oliver Goldsmith. Then he came out on to the busy Strand, and

here he again took a cab to Charing Cross and Trafalgar Square.

He rode along Pall Mall to Regent Street; crossed Piccadilly Circus

to the Quadrant; then on up to the finest part of Regent Street

where fashionable London does its shopping; then turned westward

again to Oxford Street, and along to Hyde Park.

/"VARBLf: ARCH

"Willard got down from the bus at the Marble Arch."

Willard got down from the bus at the Marble Arch and walked into the Park. A good many people were strolling about or lying

on the grass, but he chose a path that led him into the middle of the great park. Here are nearly fourhundred acres of grass and

trees lying in the heart of a great city As Willard walked away 428 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

from the street, the noises of the city became less distinct,even as in the middlethe houses were hidden by the distant trees. When

of the park he could easily imagine himself in some faraway country district. As he lay on the grass, the city was nearly hidden from his view, and its noises now came to him like a low murmur, as if it might have been the rustle of waving fields of wheat

or the babble of a brook over the stones.

The sun shone in the sky above him, not with the fierce heat to which he was accustomed at home, but with a soft mildness that did not glare or burn. Everything around him was beautifully

green, and the young man lay musing, letting the beauty of the scene distil upon his heart. He seemed to be quite alone. Very

few people passed, and he was not disturbed in his musings. On

one side of the park only could he see a few houses, hidden behind trees. In the dim, hazy distance of the opposite direction a skyline of housetops could be seen as if over there were another and

a more enchanted city, not a part of the black, noisy, commonplace town which he had just left.

In the midst of millions he was once again alone. After all,

how can one get away from the fact that each human soul, however closely connected it may be to other souls, is yet separate and distinct? Here were six millions of human beings collected into

one small area of earth, crowding close together, on the ground, above the ground, under the ground. Each was dependent upon the

other for means of sustaining life. And the whole "antbed''was

one intricate machine wherein each soul fitted in and played his part. And yet within each of these crawling specks of life is a

of thought, a world of feelworld, though yet in embryo,—a world

ing, a world of action. Each soul is a child of the great Father

of all, partaking of the nature of that Parent who had given all existence. Each is a unit, a whole. Each had been given his

agency to act and to be acted upon. What, then, thought Willard.

as his mind went out on these things, what force can move these many people out of the dead level of thought and action to something higher? What power could be given them by which they

could get out from the sin and misery with which they are carrying on an unequal struggle?

The answer came to Willard that afternoon in rather an incomplete form; but it set up a train of thoughts which was someROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 429

what new to him, and yet which appealed to him forcibly. Of

course, the first answer to such a question would be: The gospel of

Jesus Christ, being the power of God unto salvation, is the greatest force known to uplift and to save, and yet, away down somewhere among the foundation stones of this gospel lies individuality. "I

am an eternal being,"said Willard to himself. "Within me are

latent powers, which if developed, will give me the strength needed to go on in the scale of progress. Everything lies, potentially'

within me, even now. As an individual, no other person in all

else. That essential egocreation is like me—I am like no one

which I call T is of a divine nature, therefore good. (The fact

that I am here in my second estate proves that thus far I have been loyal to my divine nature.) True progress, therefore, lies in

"He crossed the Serpentine by the bridge."

developing the dormant possibilities of ones self. I must not think

that anyone else can either help me or hinder me very much when it comes to working out a salvation. I must become my true and

heavenappointed self. I am in the lineage of the Gods, and

therefore, of pure stock. If I get into bad ways or engraft into

myself bad habits, I become deformed; and that deformity is in

proportion to the distance which I wander from the straight path, or sink into the depths of sin. My only safety, then, is in always

430 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

doing the right, and thus being true to myself "- -and Shakespeare's lines came to him:

"To thine own self be true, And it must follow, as the night the day.

Thou canst not then be false to any man. '

Willard could not get much further. Beyond the statement

of a few facts and conclusions he could not go; but he tried to

keep within his grasp some of the impressions which had come to him. It seemed to him that the Lord had taken him to the borderland of a great light, and had given him a glimpse of the glories

within.

The afternoon was passing. Willard walked on through the

park, crossed the Serpentine by the bridge, and came to Rotten

Rotten Row—Fashionable London's driveway.

Row. Fashionable London had had their driving and riding, and

had gone home. A few automobiles sped over the roadway, and

a number of carriages were leisurely rolling along the Row. From

Hyde Park Corner he walked through Green Park past Buckingham

Palace and into James Park. Here he paused to look at the flowers

and the swans on the lake, then made his way to Charing Cross where he took a bus for home.

[to be continued.]

AN ORIENTAL PRAYER.

BY FRANK J. HEWLETT.

The Yamishiro Maru, a Japanese steamship of 6000 tons, bound from Shanghai, China, to Yokohama, Japan, early one fine morning, with her white flag with red circle in the center flying to the gentle breeze, glided into the little harbor at Shimonoseke.

I was standing on the deck engaged in conversation with the engineer, a kind, sturdy old Scotchman who, by the way, was the only foreigner aboard, when the purser, a bright young native dressed in a darkblue uniform trimmed with brass buttons and white braid, cap to match, after making a polite bow, said to me in very good English, "We stop here for two hours to take on freight. You can go ashore if you like.""Any special attraction?"I asked. "Great day, feast to Buddha. Also see house

where the treaty was signed that closed the war between China and Japan. Li Hung Chang very great man."

After thanking him for the information, I asked him to make arrangements with a jinrikisha boy to take me around to see the sights during my short stay, with instructions to return in time before the ship sailed. A few minutes later we were taken to

shore in a small steam launch. Several boys surrounded us with

their jinrikishas, and beckoned for the preference.

The purser selected one drawn by a halfnaked boy about seventeen years of age, and in a few moments explained to him what was wanted. Climbing into the jumbo twowheeled baby

carriage, the human horse trotted off at a lively gait for a few hundred yards, then stopped. Turning around he looked at me

with his big brown eyes, saying in a tremulous tone, "Tempo, tempo!"432 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

At that time, if I had followed my inclinations, I would have gone to see the Treaty House and other attractions of the quaint little town first, but could not resist that earnest, almost pitiful, appeal, so nodded assent.

The answer pleased him, so he started along again on a fast trot. We passed through several narrow streets; the shops and

AN ORIENTAL PRAYER. 433

little homes were nearly all decorated with long, red flags, covered with Japanese characters. Soon we entered a long avenue arcade,

with overarching pines. Both sides were dotted with tall stone

lanterns which led direct to the temple. Leaving the vehicle in a

small grove of cryptomeria trees, we walked on a path of stone six feet wide to the entrance. Near the door stood a stone basin

filled with water, and floating on top was a tiny wooden dipper with a long handle.

The boy washed his hands, wiped them on a white banner covered with some inscriptions, then motioned for me to remove my hat and shoes. On entering, all was still as the grave; a carved

image being in the center of a slightly raised stage. On one side

was a large box with narrow slats across the top. The boy found

a copper coin in the pocket of the only garment he had on, which he quietly dropped through the crevice. Next, in a mysterious

manner, a handful of rice was deposited in another receptacle.

Standing before this unknown god, he softly clapped his hands together, and folding them on his breast the little worshiper bowed his head, while his lips mumbled forth a prayer. A second time

he went through the ceremony, while the tears trickled down his brown cheeks.

I have been in the church La Madeline, in Paris, where the most aristocratic and refined people of the French nation bow in solemn worship before the cross; have seen the people in their

prayers and supplications at the Notre Dame, also in many of the grand old churches of England; have seen the Buddha and Shinto

priests in the rich, goldcarved temples of Shanghai, China, Kyoto,

Nikko and Tokio, Japan, dressed in fantastic apparel; listened to

them chant prayers to their gods of wood, stone and precious metals; and have heard Edwin Booth and Lawrence Barrett read some

of their most tender lines, but none of them touched my heart or brought the tears to my eyes as did the worship of that poor little halfnaked Japanese boy at Shimonoseke.

Tourists may laugh and scoff at the heathen, but here was true simplicity of worship in its most humble form. I have been

taught from a child that where there is no light there can be no condemnation. Who can tell but that simple prayer went direct

to the throne of grace rather than to that carved god of wood, 4:4 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and was answered by our Heavenly Father, the creator of heaven and earth. He not only holds the destiny of nations in his handsbut observes the sparrow when it falls to the ground.

Let us hope that the day is near at hand when the dark clouds of superstition will fade away, so that this industrious and intelligent people will see the beacon light, also hear and be converted to the gospel truths that will put them in the path that leads to God, with the blessing of eternal life.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

VIEWS FROM THE PROPHET JOSEPH'S

BIRTHPLACE.

The two views presented herewith, and kindly given to the

Era by Elder Junius F. Wells, are taken from the memorial cottage at Sharon, Vermont. The one showing the deer under a tree

is a snap shot from the veranda, and shows Alvin's Peak to the southeast of the monument. There were four other deer in sight

but so hidden among the trees that they do not appear in the engraving. There have been a few head on the premises all the time,

and they appear to be increasing. As many as seven at one time

have been seen near the cottage. Under the restrictive game laws

of the state of Vermont, which permits an open season of only five days at the end of October, the whitetailed deer have become very numerous. Even with such severe restrictions, the report of the

state game warden for last October showed that about seven hundred bucks were killed during the five days.

The other view is of the lilypond which has been made at the foot of the lawn, lying to the southeast of the cottage and monument. In it are two fountains, the water being piped

from springs nearly a mile distant. There will be planted some

Japanese pond lilies before summer, which will make a very attractive feature of the landscape. In the left hand upper corner of the engraving is the hill called the Partriarch, from the

top of which a most comprehensive and beautiful view of the landscape of Vermont is obtained, including the summits of the whole Green Mountain range, from Mount Mansfield to the north, clear down to Askutney in the south

WHO WROTE THE PENTATEUCH?

BY A. A. RAMSEYER.

In a general sense, the books of the Old Testament may be classed under three headings, viz: the Law, the Prophets and the

History. The first division, containing the first five books commonly attributed to Moses, is not a mere collection of laws, it is an

historic and a prophetic, as well as a legal work. Have the Latterday Saints any good reason to believe that Moses wrote that collection of five books called the Pentateuch, apart from the traditional

authority created by the fact that his name is, in the Bible, written or printed along with those books? Yes; for we have the

word of the Lord on that subject.

But first, let us analyze the Pentateuch. The first book,

Genesis, is the book of beginnings: the creation is dealt with, the

origins of nations, of languages, the migrations of the heads of the respective peoples. It traces history from its source, not

profane history, it does not deal with military heroes, but it speaks of the divine purposes of the creation, the fall of man, the promise of a Savior to work out the redemption of man and of this earth. One noble character is depicted, his life is told with simplicity, yet with enough details to show his trials, his struggles,

his achievements and his worthiness to be chosen as the Father of the faithful. Thus Abraham, the friend of God, links Adam and

Noah to Jacob and his twelve sons. The inner plan of Genesis

is evidently "to exhibit the election and preparation of a special people for a great purpose."

Exodus, the second book, recites the phenomenal growth of the children of Israel in Egypt, their oppression and their deliverance. Exodus means departure; they were to depart from the

438 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

midst of an idolatrous, cruel nation, to become the ransomed of the

Lord, a peculiar people, "a peculiar treasure, a kingdom of priests, a holy nation"(Ex. 19: 1-6). God established his covenant with them, descending on Mount Sinai, and giving them his

laws. Israel has thus become a consecrated nation, destined to

become the repository and the custodian of the word of God to successive ages and to far off nations. Hence, its separation and

its departure from Egypt.

The third book, Leviticus, is the "Book of the Law of the

Priests."It is entirely taken up with rites, regulations and

ceremonies committed to the priests and to the people for their guidance. The higher law with the higher priesthood being

rejected of the people, the lower, Levitical, law is given, with the lesser, Aaronic, priesthood to administer in the same. Israel is

shown how to become a holy people by abstaining from certain things and by doing certain acts. The great atoning sacrifice of

Christ is constantly brought to their remembrance in their sacrifices of clean animals; for "without shedding of blood (there) is no

remission"(of sins) says Paul, the great exponent of the Mosaic law.

Numbers, the fourth book, takes up the wanderings of Israel in the wilderness. The people is numbered preparatory to their

desert march during thirtyeight years. The old murmurers who

longed for the flesh pots of Egypt died out. A new generation,

undefiled by idolatry, unacquainted with the debasing worship of

Apis, hardened and invigorated in their bodies by their long sojourn in the open air of the plains, and by the unavoidable observance of the Word of Wisdom, arose from the degraded positions of slaves to that of prospective conquerors of Canaan. The sons of the desert

had prepared themselves through their physical, mental and spiritual training for the founding of a great empire

Deuteronomy—the repetition of the law—opens in the plains

of Moab, just previous to entering Palestine. Moses exhorts the

people to faithfulness, recounting the goodness and guidance of

God, laying down the statutes and judgments to be observed in the is appointed leader, Moses being permittedpromised land—Joshua

only to view the Holy Land. But before leaving them, he solemnly

warns them that the Lord will raise up a prophet from among

WHO WROTE THE PENTATEUCH? 439

them, in whose mouth shall be the word of God; unto him they

shall hearken (Deut 18: 1519).

If Moses had written but these few (five) verses, he would have expressed all that the law intended or was aiming at, as we are told by Peter (Acts 3) and Paul (Hebrews chapters 9 and JO, and II Nephi 11: 4). Israel was a holy nation, a kingdom of priests,and the law,

delivered to them by Moses, was a schoolmaster leading to Christ.

They were to receive the High Priest when he came to bis own, for this was the intent and import of the law. Now did Moses

really write this passage, embodying, as we have seen, the whole purport and intent of the law? Yes; for the Book of Doctrine and

Covenants tells us, "And upon them that hearken unto the voice of the Lord, shall be fulfilled that which was written by the

Prophet Moses: that tbey should be cut off from among the people"(Sec. 133, called the Appendix). Thus said the Lord, forever

putting his seal and testimony upon the law, viz., the Pentateuch,

a most perfect literary production, historically, prophetically, or legally, if we but consider its inner plan and its intent.

When an artist has finished a masterpiece,he does not need to tell us in so many words what he intended to paint, to write or to chant. It is childlike to write under a picture, this is a lion, a

horse, etc. The artist needs but the appreciative eye or ear to

have his production understood and judged; what he at most needs

do, is to sign his name, or put his seal in some corner of his painting. In the case of the Pentateuch, the Lord himself placed an

everlasting, unmistakable seal upon it, when he declared in the

Appendix that Moses wrote that warning prophecy to Israel. The

intent of the writer and his identity are at once made manifest.

But in the Pearl of Great Price we have far greater testimonies that Moses is the author of the Pentateuch, as the following references will show.

Book of Moses 1:1, "The words of God, which he spake unto.'Moses at a

time when Moses was caught up into an exceeding high mountain

Ibid 1: 23, ''And now of this thing [Satan attempting to deceive Moses]

Moses bore record."

Ibid 1: 40, 41, "And now, Moses, * * thou shalt write the things which

I shall speak. And in a day when the children of men shall esteem my words as

440 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

naught, and take many of them from the book which thou shalt write, behold, I will raise up another like unto thee, and they shall be had again among the children of men."

Ibid 2: 1, "The Lord spake unto Moses saying, Behold I reveal unto you concerning this heaven and this earth, write the words which I speak."

Ibid 4: 32, "And these are the words which I spake unto my servant, Moses,

and they are true, even as I will."

The preceding passages clearly prove that Moses was taught of the Lord concerning the creation and the fall, concerning Jesus

Christ and Satan also, and that he wrote what he was shown and what he was told concerning the primitive history of our race and of our planet. He saw God face to face, and God spake unto

him.

It does not follow, however, that Moses wrote down all of

Genesis from what he was told and shown in that vision. We are

told a little further in the Book of Moses (chap 6: 5-8):

And a book of remembrance was kept, in the which was recorded in the language of Adam, for it was given unto as many as called upon God to write by the spirit of inspiration;

And by them their children were taught to read and write, having a language which was pure and undefiled.

* * * and a genealogy was kept of the children of God. And this was

the book of the generations of Adam.

Thus a historical and genealogical record was kept, we are informed,from the days of Adam on. Josephus, on the other hand,

says concerning Seth's children that they were virtuous like him, and had a knowledge of astronomy, and that they wrote their discoveries 1 upon some pillars of brick and stone, to preserve that science from oblivion. If they wrote upon stones they doubtless

had metals, hence they would, as did Nephi, record their astronomical science on metal plates. What, then, became of those

records? Abraham tells us:

But I shall endeavor, hereafter, to delineate the chronology running back from myself to the beginning of the creation, for the records have come into my hands which I hold unto this present time. * * * *

But the records of the fathers, even the patriarchs, concerning the right of priesthood, the Lord my God preserved in mine own hands; therefore a knowledge

of the beginning of the creation, and also of the planets, and of the stars, as

WHO WROTE THE PENTATEUCH? Ill

they were made known unto the fathers, have I kept even unto this day. (Book of

Abraham 1: 2831.)

Modern investigators of the Pentateuch agree that Moses had certain records from which to draw while writing his five books.

Evidently the ancient records which Abraham had received from the fathers, even the patriarchs, with the priesthood, were by him transmitted to Isaac, and from Isaac to his faithful son Jacob;

these records, as was the case with the Nephite records, were certainly handed down to the religious leaders of the people, and finally to Moses. In this manner Moses was enabled to write the

Pentateuch by the help of three infallible means; viz., first, by the

help of the personal revelations of God to himself; second, by the

help of the ancient record, reaching back to Adam; and third, by

actually seeing the historical events in which he was an actor himself. Is there, indeed, a historian who has been more signally favored in thus having access to first hand material and evidence?

The Latterday Saints have thus every assurance that Moses was the writer of the five sacred books bearing his name.

But what of the Babylonian records concerning the creation, the fall, the flood, etc.? Well, what of them? The Babylonians

had a written language, too, and they would naturally desire to transmit to their posterity a knowledge of the past, as far as the memory of their fathers had been able to retain it, and as far as their minds were capable of grasping the mighty truths handed down; but a third element must be taken into account, in judging

historical records, viz., the personal bias of the writer. Neither

the religious faith, nor the system of ethics of the Babylonians, could compare with the pure faith and the sublime code of morals inculcated by Moses, therefore it is easy to understand why pagan deities, in their record, take the place of Jehovah and his associates, and why the Babylonian account of the early world's history, although supporting in the main the Mosaic account, is marred by childish traits. To suppose that Moses drew inspiration from those heathen records, would be equivalent to claim that

our sun and our moon derive their splendor from the weak starlight that greets our eyes at night. Let rather those Babylonian

records be as the twinkling starlight which diminishes the darkness of the night when no moon shines; let the moon, with its rich,

442 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

mellow light typify the Biblical account of the beginnings of man and earth; then think of the splendor of the rising sun as representing the flood of light thrown upon those subjects by modern

revelation, and you would have an adequate idea of the comparative value of these three different sets of records.

Forest Dale, Utah.

EASTER SONG-

{For the Improvement Era.)

'Tis at the faintest flush of dawn,

I come with noiseless tread, I brush away night's cloud of gloom,

And peer within the darkened tomb,

To see him 'mong the dead.

The sepulcher—securely sealed

Is strangely open wide, And there, within, two angels sit

How wondrously my sunbeams flit

The Lord is not inside.

Who rolled away the pond'rous stone,

That I might enter n?

Who dared to break the guarded seal?

Now I the darksome place reveal

No body lies within.

The Lord is gone! 0, come and see!

Behold, his bands are riven;

I am the Resurrection Morn, The winding sheet aside have torn,

By the decreeof heaven.

My day of triumph! Earth is mine,

Inhabitants and all!

Death, I undo—he reigned before

All power is Christ's forever more,

And he the dead will call.

The Lord is risen! soul, rejoice!

Twine evergreens for aye;

And lilies'perfume sweet distilled

Breathes o'er the world with rapture thrilled,

This Resurrection Day.

Salt Lake City, Utah. Lydia D. Alder.

THOUGHTS OF A FARMER.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

VI.—INEQUALITIES.

Matching teams on a farm is often a very difficult task. In

the first place, there is, of course, the question of size. A large

horse and a small horse never look well together. Pride sometimes

suggests that the horses be of the same color; and yet, size and

color and age may be very imperfect standards for matching a team. One who is not familiar with horses may ask what difference does it make, after all, if one horse is a little stronger than

another, or a little slower.

Now, what the farmer is after is real service, service that can be performed at the greatest possible advantage. He wants his

horses suitably matched, for sometimes it happens that one horse is killing himself when matched to another horse that is growing fat. One horse has high life, the other is lazy. If you strike the

lazy horse, the highlifed one is thrown into a fit of excitement, and wastes his nervous energies by jumping about in a state of fear. It can be easily comprehended how one of the most important items on the farm is a well matched team, without which

the work is often retarded and there is a constant loss.

How true the same principle is in the life of man. Men are

not only often illy matched, in the midst of their fellowmen, but they are often unevenly yoked to the peculiar circumstances of their lives. Some say we are the creatures of circumstances, but

that is only partially true; for many men have the ability to rise

above the unfavorable conditions that surround them. A man's

environments may be dreary and lazy while he is possessed of ex444 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

traordinary energy and aptness. A man's home surroundings may

be quite out of harmony with the tenor of his own life. While he

is a part of the family life into which he is born, there is often in him a spirit of progress and a power of thought that make him wholly unlike the rest of his family.

Men suffer from inequalities of association and environments, just as an animal in a team suffers from a lazy horse beside him.

The high spirited animal is often worn out and made useless at an early age by the excessive work which the inequality puts upon him, or may become lazy by being held back constantly. So in life

men fret away their energies and spirit because they are constantly trying to lift their surroundings to the plane of mental and spiritual activity which they occupy. Again, men often become dull and

unambitious in an atmosphere of calm indifference to the higher duties and higher life of man.

The service of the horse may be improved by the judgment of a wise and skilful master who matches and rematches his team with a view to the highest economy in farm labor. But horses are

often forced to work in their unequal conditions by a dull and indifferent master. So in the life of man. One set of conditions

regulate and correct, while another set of circumstances leave a man just where it found him. The horse is not a free agent;

a man is; so here analogies cease. Men hitch themselves up,

match themselves with their fellowmen and with various conditions of life. How easy, then, it is to see that we should be good and

wiae teamsters in driving ourselves, as in driving animals.

We should aim to match ourselves with conditions that prompt and lead us to a higher and a better life. If the circumstances

which surround us are hopelessly bad, or wholly out of harmony with the progressive nature of our lives, we should abandon them and seek new ones. In our associations with our fellowmen we

should avoid: the deadhead and the indifferent man. We should

seek those who have gait that we are capable of taking, so that our march in life side by side with our associates may be a victorious march—a march of conquest and strenuous activity.

Every thoughtful man will naturally study his surroundings;

he will soon learn whether they are in harmony with his own purposes and ambitions in life. He will find out, if he can, if there

THOUGHTS OF A FARMER. 445

is advancement in the spirit of his environments, if the life about him is one of growth. He will want to know whether it is possible for him to aid that growth and in turn be aided by it. He

knows that if he is to have good, strong, vigorous lungs that will impart vitality to his whole body, he must breathe the pure and healthy atmosphere. If there are stenches about him, he will either remove

them or remove himself to a healthier and purer spot of earth; for

he knows that no man can render the best and highest service of life of which he is capable if he be unevenly yoked with men or circumstances. Men ought to feel that in their associations they

are well matched, that they can work in harmony; for they must

realize that if improperly matched they may either become lazy and indifferent themselves or fret their lives away to no useful purpose.

Lastly, there is implanted in the heart of man a faith in se - cret promptings and divine guidance. Men of sublime faith feel

that God is over all. They study his purposes and seek to place

themselves in harmony with them. They have an ambition to

match themselves with divine influences whose uplifting power will carry them up to a higher, purer, and more useful life. They

would place themselves in partnership, even though their interests be small, with an Allwise Being. They firmly believe that if they

are in harmony with the higher spirit of life, a divine voice will call them to those vocations and duties of life which by nature and effort they are best fitted to accomplish. Men of such faith feel

that over and above them is a wise and skilful teamster who both guides and calls. Men who thus cultivate a sublime faith, and

respond to its promptings, are most likely to find themselves evenly yoked in life with both men and conditions.

If we would do our best, we must be evenly matched and so matched that there is a constant struggle not only to hold our should feel an inspiration from own but to make headway. We

our surroundings and aspiration in the presence of our associates.

By thus matching ourselves well in life, we not only render our own best and highest service, but we help others to do the best that is within them. Our life, then, has a double purpose, our

service a double importance. Lastly, "be ye not unevenly yoked."

Alberta, Canada.

WHICH ARE YOU?

BY J. C. HOGENSON.

There are two kinds of people on earth today,

Just two kinds of people, no more, I say.

Not the sinner and saint, for 'tis well understood

The good are half bad, and the bad are half good.

Not the rich and the poor, for to count a man's wealth,

You must first know the state of his conscience and health.

Not the humble and proud, for in life's little span

Who puts on vain airs is not counted a man.

Not the happy and sad, for the swift flying years,

Bring each man his laughter and each man his tears.

No! the two kinds of people on earth I mean,

Are the people who lift and the people who lean.

Wherever you go, you will find the world's masses

Are always divided into just these two classes.

And, oddly enough, vou will find, too, I ween,

There is only one lifter to twenty who lean.

In which class are you? Are you easing the load

Of overtaxed lifters who toil up the road?

Or are you a leaner, who lets others bear

Your portion of labor and worry and care?

E. W. W.

As I notice people day by day, I have come to the conclusion that the words of the poem quoted are true. There are few who

get out and do things for themselves. There are few who do not

depend upon others for their ideas and suggestions.

The lifters are those who work by example as well as by precept. They are not afraid of work, but will roll up their sleeves

and not cease to work until the task is completed. The lifters are

leaders of men, while the leaners are only followers.

The leaners are those who constantly depend upon others for their guidance. Those who have no mind of their own, and are

WHICH ARE YOH 447

always saying what they are going to do, but never do it. They

are those who always ask how things are done and who imitate the deeds of other people. What little they do is done with no

improvement over old ways, and no interest. They are those who

shirk every duty and responsibility whenever it is possible for them to do so.

We have both lifters and leaners in all classes of society. To

which class a person belongs can very readily be seen from his daily conduct, and from the interest he takes in his daily tasks.

Those who go at their work merely because it is the desire of someone that they should do so, and who otherwise have no interest in what they do, are surely leaners. Those who depend upon their fellowmen to solve every difficult problem for them are heavy leaners.

Those who take no part in the activities of their surroundings, and who think themselves the only important personages who need to be considered, are leaners, and even hangers back for the advancement and progress of the community in which they live.

On the other hand, those who have fully made up their minds to advance and to make themselves better fitted for the great duties of life; those who make sacrifices for the acquirement

of knowledge, and who make the best possible use of every moment, are the great lifters in life. These are the ones who will

make the world better for their having lived.

Let us be lifters and not leaners, in this world, and thus grasp every opportunity which comes to us, and develop it to its fullest extent. No matter if we do have to get out of the rut which

others have made. You will find that the ruts are always at the

bottom of the hill, while the top is very seldom treaded upon.

The poet Whittier has truly said

"Better to stem with heart and hand

The roaring tide of life than lie

Unmindful on its flowery strand,

Of Go.d's occasions drifting by.

Better with naked nerve to bear

The needles of a goading air, Than in the lap of sensual ease, forego

The Godlike power to do, the Godlike aim to know."

Salt Lke City, Utah.

THE LAW OF TITHING.

BY E. A. GUSTAVESON.

Among them all, this principle of the gospel seems to be most difficult for some to understand and obey.

The great patriarchs Abraham and Jacob seemed to understand the importance of this principle, and gave heed to it. The

Lord gave Moses instructions for the children of Israel on Mount

Sinai as to what he expected of them, in this regard.

And all the tithes of the land, whether of the seed of the land, or of the fruit of the tree, is the Lord's: it is holy unto the Lord. And if a man will at all redeem ought of his tithes, he shall add thereto the fifth part thereof. And concerning the tithe of the herd, or of the flock, even of whatsoever passeth under

the rod, the tenth shall be holy unto the Lord. He shall not search whether it be

good or bad, neither shall he change it, and if he change it at all, then both it and the change thereof shall be holy; it shall not be redeemed. (Lev. 27: 3033.)

In II Chron. 31, we read of the Israelites being so free with

their tithes and offerings that their storehouse was filled almost to overflowing, wherefore the Lord blessed them so that they all had in abundance. Coming down to the days of Malachi, we find the

people had become negligent and disobedient in this regard, but still they are promised blessings, if they will repent and turn unto the Lord again, for he tells them through his prophet:

Will a man rob God? Yet ye have robbed me. But ye sav, Wherein have we

robbed thee? In tithes and offerings. Ye are cursed with a curse: for ye have

robbed me, even this whole nation. Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse,

that there may be meat in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it. (Mai. 3: 8-10.)

The Savior repeated these same words of Malachi to the Nephites when he visited them upon this western continent. (IIINephi

24.) Then, referring to instructions given direct from the Lord

in this dispensation, we are told, in words plain and simple enough to be understood by all, to prepare ourselves that we may not be cast with the wicked when the great day of burning cometh, and even the names of those who profess to be the people of God, and

THE LAW OF TITHING. 149

do not obey this law, shall not be found written on the records among those who keep the commandments of God. (Doc. and Cov.

85: 3-6 and also 64: 2324.)

Not knowing the exact amount the Lord required from his people, the Prophet Joseph inquired of the Lord and received the following

Verily, thus saith the Lord, I require all their surplus property to be put into the hands of the bishop of my church of Zion, for the building of mine house, and for the laying of the foundation of Zion and for the Priesthood, and for the debts of the Presidency of my church; and this shall be the beginning of the tithing of

my people; and after that, those who have thus been tithed, shall pay onetenth

of all their interest annually; and this shall be a standing law unto them forever,

for my holy Priesthood, saith the Lord.

Verily I say unto you, it shall come to pass, that all those who gather unto the land of Zion shall be tithed of their surplus properties, and shall observe this law, or they shall not be found worthy to abide among you.

And I say unto you, if my people observe not this law, to keep it holy, and by this law sanctify the land of Zion unto me, that my statutes and my judgments may be kept thereon, that it may be most holy, behold, verily I say unto you, it shall not be a "land of Zion unto you; and this shall be an ensample unto all the

Stakes of Zion. Even so. Amen. (Doc. and Cov. Sec. 119.)

it is the Lord's We here receive a clear understanding that command, and not man's, that we should pay tithing, and that it shall be a ''standing law forever."The Lord does not change

his laws or his promises, and if he would open the windows of heaven in the days of Malachi and pour out blessings upon those who kept his commandments, then he will likewise pour out his blessings unto us in these days, if we are faithful and true to his laws and commandments.

The Lord cursed the earth for Cain that it would not yield forth its strength unto him. So, also, he can bless the earth that

it will yield forth in rich abundance to his people. When the Lord

told the people through Noah that he would send a flood over the earth if they did not repent, he meant every word of it. When

he tells us in these days to obey the law of tithing, he means just what he says. Let us not reject his counsel, and so have our lot

cast with the wicked, but rather render obedience to it that we may have a claim on the Lord's richest blessings and a crown with the righteous in the kingdom of our heavenly Father.

Big Cottonwood, Utah.

A LESSON FROM LINCOLN

BY HON. WILLIAM W. WILSON.

[Utah is well in the front rank of the states that provide good school facilities for her children. The substantial and commodious school buildings that exist

here, and are being increased in number as required, are a prominent feature of our life. One of the best equipped of the public school buildings yet erected in

the state is the fine edifice just completed by the Jordan school district, in Salt

Lake county, at the head of Main street, Sandy City. In its outside aspect, the

building presents an imposing appearance, and from its site on the slight eminence where it is built, it commands a magnificent view of the Salt Lake Valley, covering almost the entire course of the Jordan river and a large area of Great

Salt Lake. In its internal arrangements are incorporated the most modern facilities for school woik.

This building was dedicated on the evening of Wednesday, February 12, with

New School House, Sandy, Utah.

A LESSON FROM LINCOLN. 451

appropriate exercises, which were witnessed by a large concourse of people from various parts of the school district. A feature of the occasion was the presentation of a beautiful bust of Abraham Lincoln—the date being the anniversary of

Lincoln's birth—by Hon. William W. Wilson, Mayor ->f Sandy City. The address

of—Editorspresentation] contains a timely lesson from the life of the great Lincoln.

On an occasion such as this, how pleasant it is to greet these children, pupils in our public schools, their cheerful faces beaming with an intelligence that comes through the loving homes, happy hearts, and prosperous circumstances of a people who rank in the forefront of the civilization of our time.

In such a realization as the present must bring to every contemplative mind, well may we exclaim, "Blessings on the blessed children,"and in our inmost souls echo and reecho to that prayer a fervent "amen and amen."

Our hearts are filled with love for these school children, and we are eager to bless them; our hearts are filled with the love of

home, and we desire to augment the happiness there; our

hearts are filled with the love of our state, and we wish to add to its welfare and influence; our hearts are filled with the love of our

country, and we pray and work earnestly for its continued success, and honor, and glory. And because we love our country, our state,

our homes, and our children, we erect these commodious and convenient school buildings and give to our public school system the best of every force for good that comes within our control.

Not the least of the forces for good, from which we draw for the attainment of our desires, is the example of those great and noble men and women whose career in life has been for the uplifting of their fellowbeings. Every schoolboy and schoolgirl who

respects himself and herself and hopes to be or do something that is worthy of commendation, has pride and joy in reading and learning of those great and good men and women. The real story of

such lives is more entrancing than any mere fiction can be, because of the truth therein that brings it home to our souls. The

poet therefore reaches our hearts in saying to us:

Lives of great men all remind us

We can make our lives sublime,

And, departing, leave behind us

Footprints on the sands of time;

452 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Footprints that perhaps another,

Sailing o'er life's dreary main,

A forlorn and shipwrecked brother,

Seeing, shall take heart again.

The schoolboy who reads the lifestory of one such great man has a desire to read the lifestory of others. It gives him joy, it

gives him hope, it gives him real activity. And there are plenty

of such lifestories in the experience of our beloved nation. We

wish you to read them because of the enjoyment, and inspiration, and blessings they bestow. We bring them to you in books and

in speeches, in song and in prose. We bring them to you in the

highest and best art of the painter and the sculptor. We bring

them to you in the thunders of our salutes on the nation s birthday. We bring them to you in the sweetest and most thrilling

music of our national hymns. We bring them to you in the sweeping rivers, the farstretching ocean coasts, the fertile valleys and

plains, and the grand mountain ranges that, through their influence, have been made subject to the useful and beneficial dominion of the libertyloving and libertyenjoying American people.

Because of this time and occasion, it is my humble pleasure to bring to you one of these lifestories that has wielded a memorable influence upon us all, through its influence upon the very existence of our nation. The form of presentation is one that I trust

will be a beautiful and continual reminder of the strongest lesson of that great life. It will be visible to you every schoolday, as

you view in these halls the bust of one of the greatest of Americans, whose love of right and of country was stronger than love of life itself. In its material composition this bust may be inanimate,

but in the features it displays, and the history. with which it is

clothed, it is an example of living, loving, enduring patriotism and manhood of which every man and woman, every boy and girl, well may be proud beyond expression in words.

Just ninetynine years ago today, there was born in a country home in the state of Kentucky, the baby boy whose greatness in life as a man became to us a gem of priceless value. The boy's

grandfather, whose name he bore, was shot and killed by an Indian, while at work in his cornfield. At that time, the boy's

father \vas only six years old. Then, when the boy was but nine

A LESSON FROM LINCOLN. 453

years of age, his mother died. She was a good, a very good, woman, and had taught him to understand at least three important

maxims which impressed him through life; these were, never to

swear, never to drink liquor, and never to lie. Obedience to his

mother's counsel laid the foundation of his subsequent greatness.

This boy had little opportunity for school training, but made all, in the schoolthe best of what he had - less than a year in room. He worked, and worked hard, and did it willingly; and

with it he thought, and thought hard. The boy who does not

think, and think well, never becomes a great man. This boy did

his thinking well, as he did his work. He was a deckhand on a

Mississippi river flatboat, and when the family moved to Illinois, he split the timber for a log cabin which he built, and enclosed ten acres of land with a rail fence of his own making. And he read

the lifestories of great men, as each of you should. One of these

was the lifestory of George Washington. He also read of the

great and good men of whom the Bible tells. Even though not in

school he continued to study, and studied hard, thus gaining a really good, practical education. It aided in making him a leader

among men.

He loved his fellowmen, and he disliked tyranny. In those

days, a class of people in this nation was held as slaves. He hated

slavery; and by his courage, his energy, his clearness of thought,

and his'determination in upholding that which he conceived to be right, he became the central figure in his state, and later in the nation, among those who actively opposed slavery in the United

States. He gave this maxim:

Let us have faith that right makes might, and in that faith let us to the end dare to do our duty as we understand it.

How close to How grand is the principle he thus declared!

everv boy and girl, and to every one here! He dared to stand for

the right and none could drive him from it. Many adversaries

tried to change him, but he would not swerve from his place. He

worked hard among the people, and brought many thousands to his right them he was he convinced because thinking, wav of the right, to learn he determined was because greatness His and when he did learn it, he would not turn away, but implicitly 454 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

trusted Almighty God for the victory and his vindication. When

he was elected to be the President of the United States, his love for the right, coupled with his sublime trust in the Supreme Ruler of the universe, made him the great emancipator of the Negro race in this land; but farther still, it made of him the splendid leader

whose courage, energy, determination and ability were such patent factors in maintaining the American Union as one nation undivided and not to be divided—and thus preserved to us the opportunity of our national development as it is today.

At the close of his second inaugural address, given in March, 1865, he used these words:

With malice toward none; with charity for all; with firmness in the right, as

God gives us to see the right, let us strive on to finish the work we are in; to bind

up the nation's wounds: to care for him who shall have borne the battle, and for

his widow - to do all which may achieve and cherish a just and lasting peace among ourselves, and with all nations.

It is this lesson of standing squarely, bravely, and boldly for the right, with perfect confidence in God that the right will win, is the lesson which the verythat I wish to impress upon you—it

appearance here of this bust will impress upon all of you who know the history—by bringing you almost to the real presence,

and telling to you the lifestory of that great and noble man whose features and form it portrays, Abraham Lincoln, that honored, loved and martyred President of the Republic, whose ennobling example should be made a part of the life of every boy and girl who enters the portals of our American public schools.

Sandy, Utah.

THE RESURRECTION

"Tell us, Mary, what you see on the way?"

"I see the sepulchre of the living Christ, and the glory of the resurrection."

"To know One risen from the dead, to feel the life once reaching only a handful of folk on a strip of land by the Mediterranean, now filling the world and leading men everywhere is to know that as surely as spring follows winter, so surely does life follow death."

THE MISSION OF OUR MASTER.

(For the Improvement Era.)

[Read by the author, at the Latterday Saints'Easter services, Park City, 1907.]

In Bethlehem long years ago, there came unto this earth,

A child of light, a child of love, a babe of lowly birth.

A star appeared in heaven so bright, and shepherds, watching flocks at nigl t,

Heard heav'nly angels'songs.

They sang a song of love and praise, proclaiming peace and joy;

Salvation free to all the earth, through the mission of the boy.

The wise men gathered from afar; they traveled, guided by the star,

To see the promised child.

'Twas he the prophets said would come, a wicked world to save,

And he that ere his work was done, won victory o'er the grave.

As Savior of the world he came, among his own he had no claim,

No place to lay his head.

His life on earth was free from sin, he marked the sacred way,

That all may gain eternal life who do his laws obey.

His mission was of peace and love; he taught us all to look above;

He taught us how to pray.

With scoffs and scorns and ridicule, the wicked men of arth

Did crucify our Lord and King; they did not know his worth.

A crown of thorns upon his head; a cruel spearthrust in his side,

And thus the Christ he died.

His mission ended here on earth, he went to other spheres,

And taught the gospel plan to those who lived in former years.

In Paradise, he made it plain, repentant sinners still may gain

The boon of endless life.

And this his mission, briefly told: peace, sacrifice and love;

That through his labors here below, we gain a heaven above.

For Adam fell that man might be; then Jesus died and set us free,

To live eternally.

David E. Seamons.

Park City, Utah.

THE BOY PROBLEM.

BY DR. E. G. GOWANS, JUDGE OF THE JUVENILE COURT.

IV.—AN IDEAL.

The solution of the boy problem is not to be brought about by any one of the environmental elements mentioned in preceding articles, but by a proper cooperation of effort on the part of all concerned. Unquestionably the home is the most important factor,

but that alone cannot solve the problem. The school is weighted

with responsibility in the matter; so, too, is the community. All of

the school, and the community, must cooperatethese—the home,

and work together in order to secure anything approaching perfect results.

It is an easy matter to theorize, but distinctly difficult to achieve practical results. Concerning the home, the writer has

repeatedly said that we need better parents, and has been subject to some friendly criticism for advocating this idea. By way not

of apology but of explanation, let me say this: Parenthood has

been denominated a profession, and it is the greatest of all the professions. Any profession demands certain educational qualifications. One who lacks those qualifications is a poor member of the

profession. A man may be perfect from the moral standpoint,

may be honest, truthful, charitable, devoted to the right, full of integrity, obedient to all religious requirements, fervent and prayerful, in his home life, and yet be a poorly qualified member of the medical profession, for example. And in a similar way, a

man may possess all of these good qualifications, and many more, and yet know nothing of the psychology of child life, the stages of development through which one passes from childhood to adult life, the home causes of juvenile delinquency and how to remedy

THE BOY PROBLEM. i:,7

them, the value of physical activity, the necessity for real companionship, and a host of other things, the knowledge of which is part of the educational qualifications for fatherhood; and he would

be, therefore, a poorly equipped member of his profession. A

woman may possess similar characteristics, from the standpoint of is, be thoroughly good in every fiber, and yet knowmorals—that

nothing about child life, the care of children, the home care of the sick, proper food for a growing boy, personal hygiene, the clothing of children, and so forth. Now what is contended is that in addition to a good moral character, there should be possessed by

every member of the profession of parenthood a good common sense preparation for the duties of fatherhood and motherhood—

. Now this better preparation that is, there should be better parents

for parenthood should be given in the schools of high school grade, because 95 per cent of all the students of such grade never go beyond the high school in their educational preparation for life, so it must be given here, if it is to be really effective. At the close

of this article appears an outline of a high school course which, so far as it has been worked out at this time, represents the similar writer's idea of a course for girls in homemaking. A

course could be worked out for boys, one that would give a good training in the mother tongue, mathematics, history, and probably one modern language, with enough of elementary science, psychology, anatomy and physiology, home sanitation, personal and household hygiene, to give a good mental discipline. This would

furnish a fairly adequate preparation for parenthood, and at the same time contain the essentials of a well rounded high school course. During this time the boy should also be trained in some

form of handicraft, for every man should have a trade -every man should be capable of industrial usefulness. Such a course would

be a better preparation for parenthood than young men are usually encouraged to take. The high schools of the present are far wide

of the mark in preparing young men and women for life, and will be so as long as the ninety five per cent who never go farther are asked, sometimes compelled, to take the same course as that provided for the five per cent who go on in college work.

It is to be hoped that some one at least of the schools among

U3 which are doing high school work will become enthused with 458 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

this ideal of furnishing an adequate preparation for parenthood

The writer feels certain that there is an immense educational opportunity in such a field to achieve something distinctive and of the highest value. A chance for some educator at the head of a high

school to hold up and emphasize this ideal of better fatherhood and better motherhood, and set before his institution the task of furnishing the proper educational equipment therefor.

Such an institution would make a vigorous and lasting impression on presentday educational ideals, and help to redeem the schools generally from the tyranny of the past, under which they labor.

Too much emphasis cannot be placed upon the idea of a proper cooperation among the various elements in the boy's environment.

Just how this concerted action on the part of the home, the school, and the community is to be brought about is difficult to state, but certainly we would all work more effectively and with better understanding of each other if this new yet old ideal were properly emphasized: That the great underlying purpose of our existence

as individuals and as a race,—the purpose of all institutions, both

human and divine,—is to bring children legitimately into the world

and bring them.to their fullest maturity. With 'an ideal of this

kind we would give more thought and labor to the care and culture of men and women. More effort would be made to bring into harmonious working the various elements in the environment of the

is to be. Our system of educationgrowing boy,—the man who

would furnish a more adequate preparation for parenthood. Fathers

and mothers would be better prepared to do their full duty. The

schools would provide for the physical activity of the boy. There

would be established special schools for those who, being above or below the average, need individual attention. The incorrigible boy

would be studied scientifically, carefully. We would not then confine boys in penal institutions without giving them the full benefit

of a careful mental and moral. There examination,—physical,

would be proper and intelligent cooperation between the home and the school. The community would not then permit adult men and

women to engage in businesses that introduce dangerous elements into the boy's life. Merchants, for example, would not be permitted to sell tobacco and liquor to boys.

THE BOY PROBLEM. 459

Messenger companies would be compelled to employ only men.

Pool halls would not nourish on the money received from boys for the sale of stolen junk. Every boy of school age would have a

fair change to finish at least the eight grade of the public school work, and if his parents were too poor to provide for him during this time, then the community would do so.

Truant boys would be so carefully studied that we would be able to adapt educational means and methods to their individual needs. Teachers would know more of the boy's physical possibilities, and look more carefully after his physical welfare. We would

all recognize the high value of preventive work as contradistinguished from the curative work. Not only would there be a concerted

efford to protect the young from contagious diseases, but there would be an equally vigorous effort to protect them from moral disease which is the more malignant. Wise laws would be enacted

and enforced looking to the protection of the young. All parents

would study with care the period of youth, and would begin to realize that "youth needs repose, leisure, art, legends, romance, idealization, and in a word—humanism, if it is to enter into the kingdom of man well equipped for man's highest work in the world."

HIGH SCHOOL COURSE FOR GIRLS.

FIRST YEAR.

Hours Hours English 5 English Physical Geography 3 Physical Geography..

French or German 4 French or German

Domestic Arts 2 Domestic Arts *

Drawing 3 Drawing a Optional Optional 3

SECOND YEAR.

English 5 English * German-.. or French 4 or German French & Physiology.... and Anatomy 3 Physiology and Anatomy

Arts Domestic 2 Arts Domestic The House, Plan, Decoration, etc.... 3 Household Management

Optional 3 Optional 460 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

THIRD YRAR.

English 3 English 3 History 3 History 3 Household Bacteriology 4 Household Chemistry 4

Food, Dietetics, Cooking 5 Food, Dietetics, Cooking 5

Domestic Arts 2 Domestic Arts 2

Optional 3 Optional 3

20 20

FOURTH YEAR.

English 3 English 3 Psychology 4 Education 4 Household Hygiene 3 Personal Hygiene 3

Home Nursing 4 Home Nursing 4 Botany 3 Embryology 3 Optional 3 Optional 3

20 20 Note 1.—The three hours of optional work each year should be devoted to

theological instruction or other work in morals and ethics.

Note 2.—Gymnasium work required throughout the course.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THIS EARTH OF OURS.

(For the Improvement Era.)

This flarth of ours, It is God's park wherein his children play,

Wherein they pluck the mullein and the may,

And sweet forgetme-nots that bloom for aye.

This earth of ours, It is God's workroom where his children toil,

Shrinking white souls from sight of them that soil,

Dying for bread in sight of them that spoil.

This earth of ours, It is so full of smiles and bitter tears

Ah, but the Master sees, the Master hears,

And pleads: Keep fresh and lovely with heart's love

This earth of ours.

Kate Thomas.

New York, N. Y.

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS.

BY PROFESSOR LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

ZOROASTR1AN1SM.

A new catholicity has dawned upon the world. All religions are now recognized as essentially divine. They represent the different angles at which man

looks at God. Questions of origin, polemics as to evidences, erudite dissertations

concerning formulae, are disappearing, because religions are no longer judged by their supposed accordance with the letter of the Bible, but by their ability to minister to the wants and fulfil the aspirations of men. The individual, what can it

make of him? As it raises or debases, purifies or corrupts, fills with happiness or

torments with fear, so is it judged to accord with the Divine will. The credentials

of the Divine origin of every religion are to be found in the hearts and lives of those who believe it. The old intolerance has disappeared, and the old indifference that succeeded it, has well nigh disappeared also. The new tolerance of

faith recognizes as divine all the creeds which have enabled men to overcome their beastial appetites with visions of things spiritual and eternal.—Universal

Review, December, 1888.

Creeds, causes, systems, sacred and profane,

True mixed with false, adored by minds sincere—

Think not 'tis error buoys them o'er the plain;

Truth is their life, their star, how wide they steer.

—Orson F. Whitney.

We have been dealing with the religions of the East, Brahmanism, Buddhism, and Confucianism. We now turn our attention to a far different type of religious thought. The western

world has given us the nations of progressiveness. India and

China have remained for ages in their pristine hebetude, but on crossing into the valley of theTigroEuphrates, one comes in contact with a wholly new interpretation of life. The Persians were

the first people of the world to have a well organized worldempire, which rose to a height of power and grandeur, and then sank into a state of decay.

The Persians are of the Aryan race, and, according to Bible 462 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tradition, are descendants of Japheth. They settled in the valley of the lower TigroEuphrates, near the shores of the Persian

gulf. They were purely a nomadic people, and at first became

starworshipers. Though essentially religious, we know little

about them until the time of their great King Cyrus, who in the sixth century B. C. conquered the old empire of the Babylonians and sent the captive Jews of Nebuchadnezzar's time back to

their native land. It is hard to tell why Cyrus opened his heart

to the "chosen of God,"but there were undoubtedly political motives behind it. And yet one thing is certain: there was a very

close resemblance between the religion of the Persians and that of the Jews. Some believe them to have had one common origin far

back in prehistoric times.

The Persians settled in a land that was extremely productive.

They built proud cities and became a very independent and powerful people. Southern Persia is a land of roses to this day. The

rose is a native of Persia, and possibly was introduced into western Europe, when Aristotle returned from the orient in the fourth century B.C. While China and India led a vegetative existence,

Persia gave to the world a religion of light. The eastern religions, as we have seen, were purely subjective. That is, the

summum bonum of life is found in self. The Brahman and Buddhist come to the state of absolute life through contemplation and

prayer. With the Persians it is far different. Their religion is

objective. Beyond self is the eternal, omnipresent, omnipotent

universality, which is manifested in the Power of Light and the

Power of Darkness. In other words, there are two influences without, that of Good and its antithesis, Bad. Ormuzd is the Lord of

the Kingdom of Light; Ahriman, of Darkness. This is a pure dualism

involving the soul of man in a terrific struggle throughout its career on earth. Persianism recognizes the absolute free will of

man, by the exertion of which, man may rid himself of the influence of darkness and thereby put himself in harmony with the light. Through selfabnegation the Persian purifies his being,

and at death he is taken to the AUin-All, for which he had been longing. He frames in his mind that same conception of Deity

that Cyprian did in the great Spanish skeptical drama, El Magico

Prodigioso. Cyprian was a devout student who longed for the

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS. 463

knowledge of the higher world, and in his famous reply to the demon, who is ever contending for Cyprian's soul, he says:

One soul, all hands, all vision,

Good supreme, supreme in grace,

One who cannot err, omniscient,

One the highest, none can equal,

Not beginning, yet beginner, One pure essence, one sole substance,

One wise worker, one sole wilier.

And though he in one or two Or more persons be distinguished,

Yet the sovereign Deity Must be one sublime and single,

The first cause of every cause,

The first germ of all existence.

Persianism in its fundamental surely resembles the old religion of Judaism; and it suggests the process of salvation as enunciated

by the early church fathers when they taught the necessity of ridding the spirit of the restriction of matter, and "the rising above the realm of the particular and finite, and the retracing of our steps toward God."The Book of Job portrays the grand triumph

of man over the influence of sin and Satan. In the end man may

step into the "Light Eternal."

The Bible of the Persians is the ZendAvesta, and is considered by most scholars of today as authentic. According to Professor

Dr. Heern, formerly professor of history in the University of

Goettingen, it stands as "a genuine monument of antiquity."

The date of its compilation is unknown, but it undoubtedly belongs to a period coming before the age of Nebuchadnezzar, the great

Babylonian conqueror. Zoroaster was the prophet and lawgiver

of the Persians, and the ZendAvesta is a compilation of his teachings. He was a righteous man and lived the life of an ascetic,

when Solomon was reigning proudly at his court in Jerusalem and when Tyre and Sidon controlled the maritime trade of the Mediterranean. Zoroaster addressed his doctrines to the King of Persia, and ever cautioned him and his people to step into the Light

and Goodness of Ormuzd:

I worship and adore the Creator of all things, Ormuzd, full of light. I wor-

[ And then further on he breaks ship the seven archangels or protecting spirits.

464 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

out as did Isaiah and Jeremiah, at times, invoking the love and protection of all that is holy. ] I desire by my prayer with uplifted hands this joy, the pure work

of the Holy Spirit, Mazda, t * * * a disposition to perform good things, * * * and pure gifts for both worlds, the bodily and spiritual.

I have entrusted my soul to heaven, * * * and I will teach what is pure so long as I can.

I keep forever purity and goodmindedness. Teach thou me, Mazda, out of

thyself; from heaven, by thy mouth, whereby the world first arose.

Thee have I thought, Mazda, to praise with the soul, * * * active

Creator, * * * Lord of the worlds, * * * Lord of good things, * * * * the first fashioner, * * * who made the pure creation, * * * who upholds the best soul with his understanding.

I praise Mazda, who has created the cattle, created the water and good trees, the splendor of light, the earth and all good. We praise the Fravashis of the

pure men and women, whatever is fairest, purest, immortal.

We honor the good spirit, the good kingdom, the good law,—all that is

good.

Now give ear to me and hear! the wise ones have created all. Evil doctrine

shall not again destroy the world.

In the beginning, the two heavenly Ones spoke—the Good to the Evil—thus:

''Our souls, doctrines, words, works, do not unite together."

How shall I satisfy thee, Mazda, I who have little wealth, few men? How

may I exalt thee according to my wish? * * * I will be contented with

your desires; this is the decision of my understanding and of my soul.

How strange it was that while the Egyptians were worshiping the God Osiris, and the Greeks were finding their hopes realized in

Zeus, the Persians were worshiping one Supreme Creator, a God of love and righteous order.

The Zoroastrian, after a life of purity, goes to heaven where he dwells in ''immortal blessedness."Should he allow himself to

become immoral in thought and deed in this life, his soul descends to hell, where he endures physical torment and the pangs of his own conscience. But no man is to be lost. The man of sin will

rise again, for he will be restored by a Savior of the race

Some historians assert that the religion of Zoroaster influenced wonderfully the religion of the Jews. But may we not say

that Persianism is borrowed directly from the prophecies of the old saints of Israel? The two religions are much alike, but as to

the origin of Zoroastrianism, one is pretty much in the dark.

t Mazda or Ormuzd, Ten Great Religions, by James Freeman Clarke.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

ORDER OF THE PRIESTHOOD.

An officer in the Church in one of the stakes of Zion asks whether a man's Priesthood may be taken from him in any other way than by excommunication. In other words, can a man's ordination to the

Priesthood be made null and void, and he still be permitted to retain his membership in the Church; or must he be excommunicated

before the Priesthood can be taken from him? The reply must be

that only by excommunication in the appointed way can the

Priesthood be taken from a person. We know of no other means

provided by which a man who has had the Priesthood conferred upon him can be deprived of it. The constituted authorities of

the Church may, however, after proper authorized hearing, decide that a man has forfeited his right to act in the Priesthood, and for this cause, he may be silenced, and his certificate of ordination be taken from him, and thus have his right suspended to officiate in the ordinances of the gospel, or to exercise the Priesthood which has been conferred upon him. Then, if he persists in exercising

his Priesthood and former calling, he may be taken to account for insubordination and excommunicated.

Several examples have occurred in the history of the Church where men through transgression, duly proved and decided upon by the constituted authorities, have been stopped from acting in the Priesthood,which is just as effectual as taking away their Priesthood would be, if it were possible; but this has taken no ordination from them, and if in such cases the transgressors should repent and make complete and satisfactory restitution, they would

still hold the same Priesthood which they held before they were silenced, or stopped from acting. A person once ordained a

bishop, an elder, or high priest, continues to hold those offices. A

bishop is still a bishop though he may remove to another ward, or 466 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

for other reason temporarily lose his calling. But in case he is

wanted to act in a new office, or place, and the proper authorities call him to act, it is not necessary to reordain him a bishop; he

would only need to be set apart for his new calling. So with other

officers in the Priesthood, once having received the Priesthood, it cannot be taken from them, except by transgression so serious that they must forfeit their standing in the Church. But, as

stated, their right to officiate, may be suspended or stopped. The

Lord can take away the power and efficacy of their ordinations, and will do so if they transgress. No endowments or blessings in

the House of the Lord, no patriarchal blessings, no ordination to the Priesthood, can be taken away, once given. To prevent a

person for cause from exercising the rights and privileges of acting in the offices of the Priesthood, may be and has been done, and the person so silenced still remain a member of the Church, but this does not take away from him any Priesthood that he held.

Joseph F. Smith.

SOME DANGERS OF INDIVIDUALISM.

A recent advocate of Individualism, in our community, was hailed with openmouthed attention by many ambitious young men who expressed great admiration for his ideas and doctrines, which appear to have struck responsive chords in their hearts.

The keynote of his message was the laudation of Individualism—meaning the supremacy of the individual in thought and

action, or, in its more extreme form, identical with one phase of anarchism. It is opposed as well to organized church and state as

to their interference with the person, in industrial, social, religious, economic, or other relations.

Carried to its logical conclusion, Individualism advocates the doctrine that the individual should be his own master, unfettered by the thoughts of others, and free from the restraining influence of organization, civil or religious. It recognizes the right of no

authority, custom, tradition or doctrine; and would discard as folly

the truth that each man in many ways is bound up in his enjoyments and advantages with the mental and bodily interests of his fellows,—in other words, with public institutions. Public organization, united effort, social and cooperative action, are not deemed

EDITOR'S TABLE. 467

by Individualism as helps to spread a knowledge of the truth of things, or counted as aids to cultivate the power in the individual to apply that knowledge to his own good and advantage. It

would set up as man's standard for advancement his own sagacity and skill, rather than the research and accumulated wisdom of the ages, as expressed in the experiences of great men, or in social and religious organizations.

It is folly, declares the advocate of Individualism, to adopt the ideas of dead men. Why should living men follow after the doctrines of the sages, philosophers, poets and prophets dead and

gone? As one striking illustration, one class of youths in a leading school was impressed by this example with the absurdity of

doing things as they of old did: "Why do we spell plough, tough,

through, enough, trough, though, sough, as we do?"The answer

was, "Because we follow dead men's ways!"The effect, of course,

upon the audience was telling; but the absurdity of the reply, upon

second thought, was fully apparent when we consider the worse chaos that would come to our already complicated orthography, if every person were to be a law unto himself and spell in his own way.

In this matter, as in all others, it is well to look upon both sides of the question. The individual is at no time absolutely independent. He must depend upon others, upon society. On the

other hand, society is composed of the individual, who, to a certain extent, is bound by it. From the selfsacrifice of the parents, often unconscious, springs the possibilities of individual life

and growth, and the children in turn are bound by like laws and restraints. Continual dependence and restraint is the lot of man.

There is an old story of a boy who determined in his mind, because his father confined the boy's actions within certain bounds, that when he became of age, he would surely be free to do as he pleased, just as he thought his father was. But as years passed

on, he learned that he was ever subject to restraint, and that his father had not been as independent as he had thought him to be.

The Church and true government are founded on the broad principle that each generation of its members shall yield to the next benefits and advantages equal or greater than those it has received from the last. This places an obligation upon every per468 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

son to sustain and care for Church and government, and upon

Church and government a responsibility of care for the individual by transmitting to him the accumulated wisdom of the past.

Hence the importance of schools, the Church, social organizations, and the sayings and lives of wise men, poets, prophets, sages and philosophers.

Only when the individual respects the accumulated truth of the past, and remains within the bounds of truth for the present, is he safe in his individualism. The many have more wisdom than

the one. Whatsoever raises the intelligence and moral character of

the many concerns the individual, for he must either suffer from their ignorance, folly, and lack of conscience, or profit by their wisdom, discretion and perfect knowledge of right and wrong.

The truth is more apt to be found with the Church than with a single person who discards it, and in his own lifetime seeks to set up a code of wisdom on his own account. His undirected individualism is apt to lead him in the stupid way of ignorance, chaos and

anarchy.

Of course, it is right and necessary to know the truth for himself. The youth of the Latterday Saints have been taught always

to seek to know the truth for themselves, to have a testimony for themselves: so far individualism is a correct doctrine. "Ye

shall know the truth and the truth shall make you free."The

Church, being in possession of the wisdom of the past, is a help to the person to learn past truth, and to aid him in unfolding new truth. But we have also the Holy Ghost whose special mission it

is to testify of Jesus Christ who is the light of truth. Search,

therefore, the scriptures, for they are witnesses to the fact that only in one way can communion with the Holy Ghost be established by obedience to the laws and by compliance with the ordinances of the gospel of Jesus Christ as taught by the Church. These things

endure forever; they are not subject to change; they are fundamental verities. "Lord, to whom should we go, thou hast the

words of everlasting life."If ye will do the will of the Father,

ye shall know for yourselves. What is his will? That the person

have faith in him; that he turn away from sinful thoughts and actions; that he accept the ordinance of baptism for the remission

of sins; and have conferred upon him, by properly authorized

EDITOR'S TABLE. 469

agents, through the imposition of hands, the Holy Ghost whose mission is to lead to the light of truth, Jesus the Christ. If ye

continue in his word (and his word requires of the searcher this order of investigation or search) then are ye his disciples. "If a

man love me, he will keep my words: and my Father will love him,

and we will come unto him, and make our abode with him. (John

14: 23.) One of the great dangers of Individualism is that it leads away from this path. It does not recognize Christ as the Savior, nor

acknowledge his Church organization. It recognizes no inspired

servants of God, nor superior wisdom in organization. It tends to

make the individual forget that the wisdom of the ages, all that has been revealed for the advantage, benefit and salvation of man, has come through the Savior of the world, and through his servants

I hideto whom the Father has revealed his will, in all ages: ''Shall

from Abraham that thing which I do?"(Gen. 18: 17.) "Surely

the Lord God will do nothing, but he revealeth his secret unto his servants, the prophets."(Amos 3:7.) "I have called you friends,"

said Jesus to his diciples,"for all things that I have heard of my

Father I have made known unto you."(John 15: 15.)

In these divine messages, and others entrusted to the divine organization, the Church, the eternal truth is found, and that alone remains. All else shall perish. Only in the truth are men free.

No person is independent only when within the bounds of truth he can not stand for himself only as he abides by the truth. No

person should be so presumptuous as to think it possible to learn all truth in one little life time, much less when working independently. But better results follow when the wisdom and experience

of the past are taken into account. Wise young men will, therefore, heed the words of Jesus Christ, and regard the valuable experiences of wise men, past and present, first mastering them,

rather than adopting the doctrines of Individualism as their sole guide to the domains of truth.

Young men should not be so fascinated with their own individualism or independence as to let it lead them to discard the truth as revealed and taught by the Church; and to think their

own wisdom superior to that of organized intelligence. This does

not prevent them from adding, by superior and earnest struggles, 470 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

new truth to the general fund. But it is not true that man can

be sufficient unto himself by his own will and powers, that he can rule himself completely, discard the wisdom of the past, the worship of God, and the revealed truths of the Church of Christ.

The reader has perhaps heard the wellknown story of literature, called "Peter the Wild Boy."He was described by some

hunters who were said to have found him about the year 1725, in a wood near Hamelin, Germany. He was a lad about fifteen years

of age, naked, ran swiftly on his hands and feet, swung himself from tree to tree like a monkey, and devoured moss and grass.

He was caught and brought to England, but he tore off the clothes that were put on him, and preferred to devour his food raw. He

was placed by the king under the tuition of a great scholar and wit, Dr. Arbuthnot; but although he lived till he was seventy, he

never learned to talk. This hapless solitaire is a striking instance

of humanity sunk to the level of the brutes. Can we doubt that

such would be the deplorable state of every human being, if left absolutely to himself? Hence, God has wisely arranged that we

should enjoy his spirit, and the gifts and graces of those who have gone before, participate in the blessings, and have the benefits of the counsels and admonitions of our relatives, our friends and the great and good men of the Church and the Nation. Thus we inherit the accumulated wisdom of our ancestors and, in a measure,

the wisdom of the whole human race

Joseph F. Smith.

ORGANIZATION OF THE CHURCH.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized on the 6th day of April, in the year of our Lord one thousand eight hundred and thirty, in Fayette, Seneca County, in the State of New York. Six persons were the original members: Joseph

Smith, the prophet, Oliver Cowdery, Hyrum Smith, Peter Whitmer, Jr., Samuel H. Smith and David Whitmer. Each of them

[and a few others] had already been baptized by direct authority from heaven. The organization was made on the day, and after

the pattern dictated by God in a revelation [Doc and Cov.,sec. 20]

given to Joseph Smith. The Church was called after the name of

EDITOR'S TABLE. 471

Jesus Christ, because he so ordered. Jesus accepted the Church,

declared it to be his own, and empowered it to minister on earth in his name.—Cannon's Life of Joseph Smith.

The sixth of April is an important date; for, besides being the

date of the organization of the Church, it is the probable date of

Messiah's birth in the flesh and of his crucifixion. The Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the only Church on earth which testifies that it is organized by direct command of the Lord

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

For the year 1907, there were 94 baptisms into the Church in Denmark, and 165 in Norway, a total of 259 in the Scandinavian mission. For the same year in

Sweden there were 124 baptisms into the Church; in the Netherlands, 279; Swiss

and German mission, 453; in Great Britain, 986, a grand total for 1907 of

2,101.

President William Armstrong of the Australian mission, writes: ''This picture

of Samuel Charlton will be familiar to many elders who have labored in the Australian mission duriDg the past thirtyfive years. He has done a great deal of

good for the cause in Melbourne, where he resides; and although he will be eightynine next

birthday, his testimony is just as strong and his mind just as bright as when he was young.

Age has only affected him physically, and he is now getting quite infirm. He was born in

Lancashire, England, in 1819. When he was

six months old his father died. He had the

experience of many others in the cotton mills, at low wages, and in 1840 heard the elders and received the gospel. In 1854 he left his

family in England, and crossed the plains in

Gam's company. He was unfortunate in getting employment and money to send for his

family and, after some time, he wnt t

California with a drover. President George Q.

Cannon there advised him to go back to Utah. He did not do so, but went south

to the isthmus and then made his way around to New York, and thence to England to his family. Later, when there was much talk in England about the riches of

Australia, he came to this country, and it is now nearly forty years ago since he heard Elder Kobert Beauchamp preach in Melbourne. He was shortly afterwards

rebaptized and ordained an elder, and he has ever since been instant, in season and out of season, in preaching the word. As a result, the Lord has cared for

him in his old age in a way that seems quite remarkable."

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

The Seventh President.—On page 18 of the current Seventy's Year Book,

occurs the following as a quotation from the Doctrine and Covenants:

And it is according to the vision showing the order of the Seventies that they should have seven presidents to preside over them, chosen out of the number of the Seventies. And the seventh president [counting from the one last ordained] of these presidents is to preside over the six.

The words in the brackets in the above quotation seem to have occasioned no little discussion among the brethren, and we have received quite a number of letters askiag by what authority this "interpolation"is made in the revelation. It

is not an "interpolation."It should have been enclosed in square cornered

brackets as above to indicate that it was no part of the revelation, but an explanation of the words, "seventh president."The warrant for the explanation is

in the practice of the Church which is the best interpretation of the Scriptures.

From the beginning it has been the rule in the Seventies organizations that the senior president by ordination is the president of the council, and to make him seventh instead of first you must count from the last one ordained. The conclusion is inevitable. Is there anyone who would advocate that the last president

ordained, counting from the first ordained, should be the president of the council?

In that event a man utterly without experience or knowledge of the affairs of the council would very likely displace a man who perhaps had twentyfive or thirty years of experience behind him in the affairs of the Seventy's work. Any other

interpretation than the one given in the words in the brackets would be preposterous.

Of Asking Questions.—At the Seventy's table we shall be very pleased to

answer the questions which arise from time to time in the course of study our quorums are persuing, or questions relating to the administration of quorum affairs, and doctrinal questions which may be proper to discuss in these pages. But

we suggest to brethren that the sending of questions to the editor of this Table that onlv require a little looking up in the Scriptures for an answer, be avoided.

Seek answers to your own questions by research in the Scriptures, and do not fly to other sources for help when ten minutes consultation of your Bible Dictionary, or a glance through the index of the Book of Mormon or Doctrine and Covenant $

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 473

would bring you the information you desire. Institute a little original research

for yourselves, and in addition to getting an answer to the particular question in hand, you will incidentally pick up much information aside of the direct knowledge you seek, and by consulting these authorities you will become familiar with them and gradually become an answerer of questions instead of a mere aaker of them. By pursuing this course you will more rapidly improve yourselves and relieve somewhat the burden of those who are already asked to do too much research work for others.

The Recent Call for Missionaries.—Recently the quorums through

their respective Councils have been called upon to furnish from one to four names of members who may be regarded as worthy, efficient, and able to perform mission work. These names to be submitted to the

First Council who will then open correspondence with them to ascertain definitely if their circumstances are such that they can perform this service for God and fellowmen. In some instances we are informed that the council

passes over the consideration of the presidents in the quorum, supposing, strangely enough, that they are not to be considered in this application for available men.

This is written to inform the presidents that not only in this recent call, but in every one that shall follow it, unless exception is especially made, presidents are to be considered as well as the members in the quorum. In fact, they should be

the first ones considered, and if available, they should be reported to the First

Council. Do not be too careful of yourselves, brethren of the presidents, we

shall be glad to receive your names together with the names of members from your quorum; for, as of old, the field is ripe and ready for the harvest. "The

harvest truly is great, but the laborers are few. Pray ye, therefore, to the Lord

of the harvest, that he send forth laborers unto his harvest."In this connection,

also, we learn there are some members of quorums who are dissatisfied because the initiative, looking to their performing missionary work, begins with the presidents of their quorums. To such we put the question: Brethren, what would you

have? Where and with whom should it begin, if not with the presidents of your

quorums? Certain it is that it must begin somewhere, and the divine institution

which God has established in this world to carry out his purposes, the Church of

Jesus Christ, with whom he has lodged divine authority, says that it shall begin so far as the Seventies are concerned here with the councils of the respective quorums; and to complain of it so beginning is to complain of that order of things

which God has instituted. The suggestion of a name by the presidents of the

quorum to the First Council is not equivalent to a call to a mission. It is merely

a commencement of those inquiries that are intended to ascertain the worthiness and preparedness of the individual to undertake this noble work. The presidents

of a quorum can pay a member no higher compliment than to send his name to the First Council as being worthy to go upon a mission, and, as they believe, prepared to go. If it shall develop that the circumstances of one whose name

is so suggested do not warrant his going upon a mission, he will have full opportunity to make that apparent, and he will be honorably excused. But to take of474 IMPR VEMENT ERA

fense with his quorum presidents for suggesting his name to the First Council is the height of folly. Instead of taking offense, he owes them thanks for the

splendid compliment. And remember this, brethren, to be called by a divinely

appointed agency is to be called of God. Just as much so as if the voice of God

spoke audibly, designating each individual who is suggested for a mission, and this is a lesson that Israel must learn.

The Bible as Literature.—One of the effects which we hope will be produced by the present year's study of the Hebrew Scriptures, the Old Testament

and the New, is to beget an appreciation of the Scriptures as literature. It goes

without saying that the Bible has done more to enrich the diction of writers and public speakers than any other collection of books whatsoever. We were reminded of the value of the books of the Bible in this respect by a speech recently

delivered in the House of Representatives by a member from the state of Missouri. This particular representative, by the way, s not a man who accepts the

Christian orthodox view of the Bible at all. Indeed, he stands ranked among his

fellows as a skeptic as to the divinity of the Bible. True, he is the son of a sectarian minister, but by one of those contretemps which sometimes happen in such

cases, he was not at all impressed with the religious convictions of his father, and refused to become interested in the Bible as an authority in religion. The father

despairing of interesting his son in the Bible on the question of religion, at last called his attention to the beauty of its literature, and the exhaustive mine it would be from which to enrich his own diction. This arrested the attention of

the son who by this time began to manifest some ambition to become a public speaker. And he became a reader of the Bible, and it is safe to say that he never

addresses the House of Representatives, of which he lias now a long time been a leading member, but what Biblical allusions or direct quotations enrich his speeches. For example, in the recent speech alluded to, and that requires about

a column and a quarter of a Salt Lake daily newspaper to give a synopsis of, there are nine Biblical allusions or direct quotations, and they are used most happily. One example must suffice. Referring to a prominent leader on the opposition side of the house, he described him thus: "He is a fixed star of portentous

magnitude in the constellation of the standpatters. He is the standpat-sheaf

to which all other standpat-sheaves do obeisance, even as Joseph saw things happen in his realm. He is to all standpatters what Aaron's rod was to the rods of

the magicians."This is said not to introduce controversial political questions at

this Table, but merely to illustrate the happiness which a knowledge of Scripture phraseology gives to public speaking. To use it, however, to advantage, one must

become saturated with it. The phraseology must arise spontaneously from familiarity with it, and this means frequent readings of the Scriptures. It can be

acquired in no other way. Search the Scriptures, then. First, of course, because in them we have the way of eternal life portrayed, and they testify of God.

But read them also as a means of education, as a means of acquiring power of expressing truth in apt and familiar phraseology.

A Set of Desirable Books.—The Deseret News Book Store is announcing

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 475

a set of books by Elder B. H. Roberts at a greatly reduced price. They comprise

the following: The Gospel, Outlines of Ecclesiastical History, New Witness for

God, Mormon Doctrine of Deity, Succession to the Presidency, Defense of the

Faith and the Saints, Missouri Persecutions and The Rise and Fall of Nauvoo.

The price per set is $6.25. The announcement of the sale of this set of books is

mentioned here after submitting the propriety of inserting it, to the First Council. It is not intended as an advertisement in the interest of the Deseret News

Book Store, nor will it be of any advantage to Elder Roberts, since the copyright of these books, as also the proceeds of all sales of them is out of his hands; and

they belong to the Church. The announcement is made purely in the interest of

the quorums and their members, and it is suggested that it would be a good thing for each quorum, as such, to secure these books for reference in their class work, and general study of the gospel and the history of the great Latterday work.

While not many members may be able to purchase the set, still each quorum could do so, and it would be a valuable addition to its reference library; and to this end,

we commend this notice to the attention of the quorums. The eight books are

sold at $6.25. The ordinary price of the set would be $9.50. We are informed

by the publishers that the set at the reduced price will be sold only for a very limited time.

Regular Council Meetings.—We trust that the presidents of Seventies

are not losing sight of the fact that they should hold regular council meetings in the interest of their respective quorums and their work. Nothing will contribute

more to the success of a quorum than council meetings of the presidents regularly held. In this connection we suggest that it would be well to have the "Council

Table"of the Era read in the council to ascertain what items of instruction or class direction are applicable to the quorum; and as from time to time suggestions

are found which in the judgment of the council would be of advantage to the quorum, let steps be taken to introduce them into the quorum exercises. Don't neglect to avail yourselves of suggestions from The Table—The Table like the Era is

yourselves. yours—help

Elder William S. Musser, who has been absent on a mission in Germany,

writes from London, March 2. that about the 12th he will be homeward bound.

He expresses joy and thankfulness for the privilege of preaching the gospel. "I

have indeed learned many lessons. God has been very good to me and blessed me

in countless ways. My whole mission has been a pleasure to me. In many ways

my eyes have been opened to the truths of the gospel, and I know now as never before that I am engaged in the work of the Lord; that he lives, and has again

established his Church upon the earth. The mission field is the most wonderful

school in the world, where the worker can make all the progress of which he is capable. Every faculty is brought into play, every sense made keen, and every

talent improved. It is the best school for the study of character and custom, and

for learning the real lessons of life. I am happy for having had such an experience.

MUTUAL WORK.

JUNIOR ATHLETIC GAMES IN THE TWENTIETH WARD.

A few years ago the writer was struck by the great need of some movement to draw the Junior members to the Mutual Improvement work. While a great

amount of good has been done amongst our young men in the past, in this auxiliary organization of the Church, as well as by the the Sunday schools, yet there has always seemed to be a something lacking and necessary to draw some of the boys who are full of the spirit and exuberance of youth, under the spiritual guidance of the elders of the Church. When it was mentioned some months ago, in

the convention of the Ensign stake M. I. A., that something would be attempted

along the lines of physical as well as spiritual development, of our young men, the unanimous endorsement of these sentiments was an evidence that the time

Back Row: Wm. Service, Peter H. Service, Lennox Sloan, D. R. Lyon, Pres.

Front Row: Heber Romney, Grant Romney, M. Alonzo Romney, Gerald Thomas.

MUTUAL WORK. 477

had come to do something. The presidency of the Ensign stake M.I. A. at once

appointed Judge E. G. Gowans and Coach E. J. Milne, of the Latterday Saints

University, aides to look after this junior athletic work, with results that have surpassed our expectations so far. The movement was particularly suited to the

20th ward M. I. A., and there the greatest results to date have been apparent.

The president of the 20th ward Y. M. M. LA. offered to give a pennant for competition between two teams in the ward, divided evenly as per the active enrollment of the ward, each team selecting their own officers, and the winning of the

pennant to be based upon points for deportment, attendance, new members, etc.,

to be decided by the presidency of the ward, at the end of the season. Needless

to say both the Green and Purple teams are scouring the 20th ward tor boys from 14 years of age upwards, to induce them to join the Junior Athletic club to which membership is only obtainable through membership in the ward Y. M. M. I. A.

Bishop George Romney and his counselors, George F. Gibbs and Nephi Y. Schofield, have taken a deep interest in the work, and have generously granted the use

of the splendid annex hall of the ward to be used as a gymnasium for the juniors, under certain proper restrictions. Several of the fathers of boys of the ward

have expressed pleasure and satisfaction in this work, and the officers and class teachers feel that this movement is a good solution of "What to do with the boys."

It appears that if we can get the boys to do something which they like to do, they work with will and energy, in a way very remarkably effe ctive for good when properly directed. A picture of the 20th ward basket ball team is herewith shown. The

members expect to figure in the exciting contest for the Ensign Stake Basket Ball league. The contests for supremacy are of quite an exciting nature, and keep

the boys in good trim and behavior all the time.

On Tuesday, February 18, the 20th ward annex was formally opened to the athletic work in the ward, the hall being on that date equipped for basket ball contests, and the first night there were in attendance on the floor 66 juniors, an increase over the average attendance heretofore of nearly one hundred per cent.

On Tuesday following nearly the same number attended, and several exciting basket ball contests took place between the various teams in the organization. On

Thursday, a grand entertainment under the auspices of the 20th ward Junior Athletic Club was given, consisting of a basket ball game between the Lowells and the 20th ward second team, victory resting with the Lowell team, and an exhibition of trick bicycle acts by Curtis Allen; a big basket ball game between the 20th

and 15th ward teams, the 20th ward team winning by a score of 57 points to 18;

followed by some horizontal bar acts, by Ray Raddon. All of the events were

furnished by the juniors. Practically no advertising was done for this entertainment, excepting the sale of tickets by the juniors themselves; needless to say,

the hall was filled to its utmost capacity.—William Service, first counselor, 20th

ward M. I. A.

GYMNASIUM WORK IN WARD AMUSEMENT HALLS.

At the meeting of the General Board, Y. M. M..I. A.. Wednesday, February

26, at which the reading and adoption of the report and recommendat.ons of the

478 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

committee on gymnasium took place, a resolution was unanimously passed, as follows: Resolved, That we recommend to the stake and ward officers, in the city districts, at least, that wherever practicable, arrangements be made for the use of ward amusement halls for the purpose of affording light gymnasium work for the boys, in their respective wards or localities, and thereby keep them near their homes, and away from downtown influences. It is necessary that the permission of the Bishoprics be secured in this matter, and it will be very proper to

have the Lesser Priesthood quorums cooperate with our associations in the movement. Where this plan is in operation, as it already is in several of the wards,

the attendance is increased from three to four hundred per cent.

Stake superintendents are requested to consider this subject in their officers'meetings; and in stakes or wards where gymnasium work can be profitably pursued,

suitable arrangements should be made for it in conformity with the above suggestions. The General Board recognizes that it should be the aim of the Y. M. M. I.

A. to supply the legitimate needs of the boys in the best possible way, and that

the officers should not be slow to provide the variety of intellectual, moral, and physical exercises which they require, so that our organizations shall not.lose their

affections and sympathies. It is probable that in connection with the manuals for

the coming season, a very simple program will be outlined along the line of physiology and hygiene, anatomy, proper care and development of the body, etc., in

addition to the regular class exercises. The cost of preparing the amusement

halls for the physical exercises will not be great, and already a number of the wards in the Salt Lake and Ensign stake have led out in this matter, resulting in great success and satisfaction. Even if the regular lessons should be somewhat

curtailed, by these exercises, it is believed that no harm will result, for many of the boys and young men are doing fairly good work in the quorums of the Priesthood, where they are taught theological subjects, and their religious duties.

NEW GYMNASIUM FOR THE L. D. S. UNIVERSITY AND

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS.

The need of a gymnasium building for the Latterday Saints University has long been felt. The Brigham Young College at Logan, and the Brigham Young

University at Provo are provided with commodious buildings for games and athletic exercises, but the Latterday Saints University students are obliged to rent halls when any of their friends came to Salt Lake City to contest with them. A recognition of the students'demands has finally been made, and it has been decided

that for them, in conjunction with the Improvement Associations, a new and upto-date gymnasium building will be erected this spring, on the corner of College and Temple Avenues, facing ninety feet on South Temple Street.

The need of a building of this kind for the use of the Mutual Improvement

Association classes has also been under consideration for some time by the General

Board. The Y. M. M. I. A. require a building for offices, library, and reading

room, and rooms to receive visitors, as well as a central gymnasium for members

The Board therefore decided unanimously, at a meeting, February 26, to unite with the University for the erection of a commodious gymnasium to be used conjointly

MUTUAL WORK. 479

by the University and the young men of Salt Lake City and adjoining stakes. The

general building will be added later and will also provide room for the young women.

At a meeting with the First Presidency with the Board on the same evening, it was learned that the Church will donate the grounds in question. The Board

agrees to contribute $10,000 to the project, and also to assist in raising the necessary amount for the erection of the structure by solicitation in the various stakes within the city and adjacent thereto. Several large additional subscriptions

aggregating about $3,000 were signed at the meeting by individual members of the Board. Ground will be broken for the gymnasium building without delay.

ANNUAL REPORTS.

By mail, to the stake superintendents, a sufficient number of Y. M. M. I. A.

annual report blanks has been sent for distribution to the ward presidents. Three

copies should be sent to each of the ward presidents, with instructions by letter or otherwise, to have the reports filled out, and one returned to the stake secretary not later than April 20, 1908.

Three stake report blanks have been sent to the stakes, and these should be made out to contain a summary of the ward reports. The reports should all be

made in duplicate, and one copy mailed to this office, and the other placed on file with the stake secretary. Please notice that unless stake reports are received

at the General Secretary's office on or before the 10th day of May, 1908, it will be impossible to include them in the general report for the annual June conference. The earnest, prompt and careful cooperation in our efforts to get a complete report for our annual conference is solicited from ward and stake officers.

FOR M. I. A. OFFICERS.

How to achieve greater success with your associations: Get together and

decide on better and more definite plans for carrying out your work. Put more

effort into their execution. Hold monthly stake meetings of the stake and ward

officers. Hold weekly ward officers'meetings. Canvas for a larger enrollment,

and try for a greater average attendance. Devise plans for summer work and recreation for the boys. Begin your fall work early; have your plans wellmatured,

and get after your missionary labor, perfect your organization, and attend to the manual distribution, and the Era, early and promptly.

QUESTIONS FOR SOME WARD PRESIDENTS.

Why do you have only about 40 young men enrolled and only 20 or 25 in average attendance in your association, when you have a ward population of 900 or 1,000? Have you done anything—made any stir—to change this condition?

You should have at least 125 enrolled and an average of 80 or 100 in regular attendance.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

School House Fire and Panic—At Collinwood, near Cleveland, Ohio,

March 4, a fire broke out in the basement of the public school house containing about 300 children between 6 and 14 years of age, and in 30 minutes 170 of them were burned, or trampled to death in the panic. One exit was locked, and the other

directly over the fire. Two teachers perished with the children who were jammed

against the doors and penned in the hallways by the crowd. The fearful calamity

has caused an examination of the fire escapes of school buildings in all parts of the country, and in Utah many school officials are considering the removal of furnaces now in the main buildings to separate structures some distance away from the schools.

New Stake of Zion—The FiftySeventh—At the quarterly conference of

Bingham stake, held in Iona, Idaho, February 1 and 2, the stake was divided, and later a new one formed, called Rigby, in honor of the late President William Rigby.

The dividing line between the two stakes is the same as the county line between

Bingham and Fremont counties. The following wards were thus thrown into the

new stake: Annis, Lorenzo, Grant, La Belle, Lewisville, Menan, Rigbv, Rudy,

and Palisade. This leaves nine wards in each of the stakes. On the Monday

following the conference, a mass meeting of the people residing between the boundary line of Fremont and Bingham counties and the south fork of Snake river, comprising the new stake, was called at Rigby, and a new organization effected by Elders John Henry Smith, and Hyrum Smith. The stake presidency chosen

and sustained are: Don C. Walker, Lewisville, president; Josiah Call, Rigby, and

William W. Selck, Jr., Lewisville, counselors. The high council is composed of

James J. Chandler, Cyril J. Call, George E. Hill, Alfred Josiah Cardon, of Rigby:

James 0. Webster, Alfred K. Dabell, J. H. Holland, of Grant; Richard Jardine,

Henry Boyce, John Walker, of Lewisville; David Stowell, of Annis; and James G.

Browning, of Lorenzo; William W. Selck, Sr., stake clerk; Supt. Y. M. M. I. A.,

Frank A. Brinton. There are about 3,000 souls in the Rigby Stake.

Fourteenth Ward Reorganized.—The reorganization of this ward

which was left without a bishop in the death of the late Bishop George H. Taylor,

marks the opening of a new effort at missionary work in the heart of the business

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. \>

center of Salt Lake City. The ward is one of the oldest in the Church, and owing

to removals, and the crowding out of homes by business structures there are left only few permanent members of the Church in the ward. The reorganization was

effected on March 8, by the selection of Elder Elias S. Woodruff, a grandson of

President Wilford Woodruff, as bishop, and Elders George Q. Morris, superintendent of the Salt Lake Stake Y. M. M. I. A., first, and Quayle Cannon of the Cannon ward, second, counselor. They are all efficient church workers, and in the

missionary labors of the ward will call to their aid a corps of workers living in other wards but who will be completely identified in membership and otherwise, with the new ward. The old meetinghouse will be made a model gathering place,

and efforts will be extended to attract to the religious services and church organizations many young men and women living in the hotels and rooming houses, in the heart of the city, as well as people who sojourn here for short periods. Other

important movements for improving the grounds, and rendering help and accommodations to temporary members, are in contemplation.

Colonization of Siberia.—Many people who lived in Utah thirty years

ago will remember tracts of land and districts of the territory which they considered wholly worthless through want of water, or by reason of some unfavorable location. Today these same lands are in some instances worth from $500 to

$1,000 per acre, according to the improvements on them. It is much the same

with the world at large. There are countries which thirty years ago were considered practically beyond the pale of agriculture which today are among the

most promising wheat lands in the world. Whoever thought, for example, a thousand miles north of the "Mormon"colonies in Alberta, wheat fields would he

seen in the regions of Peace river? Even the Northwest territories themselves,

as well as northern Montana, were considered outside of the wheat belt. Today

the grain in those same regions has been made to yield 200,000,000 bushels in a year.

Whenever Siberia has been spoken of, in the past, it has been with shivering accents. Somehow people considered that northern region as a land of perpetual

snow and ice. Experiments and experience are changing the views of the Russian

government respecting the wonderful possibilities of a hitherto unproductive part of its vast domain. There are, indeed, men whose knowledge entitles them to

the greatest consideration who believe that Siberia will some day be the greatest wheat producing country in the world. Fortyfive years ago the peasants of Russia were emancipated, but the land allowed them for cultivation, and which was

thereafter to belong rather to the village community than to the individual was wholly inadequate to meet their needs. The result has been great discontent and

suffering among the Mujiks of Russia. The great majority of the people of that

empire are peasants; and the important problem of the Czar and his advisers today is to provide these subjects with more land. The discoverv of the value of

Siberia as a grain producing region has led the government in recent years to provide facilities for emigrating her peasants into the more fertile parts of Siberia. The minister of agriculture has given out a recent statement of appropri

482 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ations made for emigrating farmers, and for providing them with funds to bring under cultivation a certain amount of land. For a number of years prior to 1906,

the annual appropriations amounted to $1,300,000; in 1906, they were increased

to $2,800,000; in 1907, to $6,750,000. The estimates for 1908 are $9,500,000.

The average annual number of families that emigrated to Siberia up to 1906 was 11,000, making a total of 66,000 persons. In 1906 there were 30,000

families, or 180,000 persons. The estimates of 1908 are for the emigration of 70,000 families, or 420,000 persons. It will be seen that the emigration to Siberia is increasing at wonderful strides, that this year something like

onehalf million will settle in Siberia. If this increase continues, it is only a few

years until Siberia will be transformed, and all its southern surface will be dotted by thousands of Russian villages; and a land that has hitherto been considered

unfit for the abode of man will be one of the greatest grain producing regions of the globe.—Joseph M. Tanner.

Henry Ballard, N. C. Flygare, Henry W. Naisbitt—One by one the

staunch veterans of early days in Utah are passing to their rest. Patriarch Henry

Ballard, Logan; President N. C. Flygare, Ogden; Patriarch Peter A. Forsgren,

Brigham; Henry W. Naisbitt, Salt Lake City, are among the many veterans recently called to the other side.

Henry Ballard, who died February 27, 1908, was bishop of the Logan 2nd ward from 1861 to 1900, was born in England Jan. 27, 1832, and came to Utah October

16, 1852. He was a pioneer of Cache county where he settled in 1859, and where

he was ever helpful in promoting the spiritual and temporal welfare of the people.

President N. C. Flygare, second counselor in the Presidency of the Weber

stake (since 1883,) formerly bishop of the Fourth Ward, Ogden, (187783) and for three terms president of the Scandinavian Mission, was born in Southern Sweden, February 3, 1841, joined the Church September 5, 1858, and came to

Utah in 1864. He died February 19, 1908. Altogether he spent twelve years of his life in the Scandinavian mission field, while at home he was always in

the harness doing church work. In a civil capacity he

served Ogden as building inspector, city councilor, and fire and police commissioner; the state, as superinten.

dent for the erection of the Agricultural College buildings, Logan; and trustee and treasurer for the State

Industrial School, Ogden. In a private capacity as

architect and builder, many buildings in the northern part of the state are standing monuments to his skill

In business he was active and useful and was connected at various times with the Standard Publ. Co., the Firgf. FLYGARE.

Nat. Bank, Eccles Lumber Co., Ogden Street Railway

Co., and the Sugar Company. He was a man of calm and wise'judgment, skilfuj

and able, and was true as steel to his friends and the gospel cause which he loved o dearly.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 483

Peter A. Forsgren, the Scandinavian pioneer and

patriarch, died in Brigham City, March 1, 1908. He

was born in Gefle, Sweden, July 26, 1826. He was

the first person in Scandinavia in this dispensation baptized by immersion by divine authority. On July

26, 1850, about a month before Elder Erastus Snow began baptizing in Copenhagen, Denmark, Elder Forsgren was baptized by his brother, John E., who was

called in 1849 to accompany Elder Snow to open the

Scandinavian mission. Peter A. Forsgren has remained

faithful to the cause he espoused fiftyeight years ago, and to the truth of which he bore many strong testi"monies. In 1853, he came to Utah, and has since

resided in Brigham City nearly the whole time. For

many years he served as counselor to Bishop Henry

PETER A. FORSGREN. Tingey of the First Ward, Brigham; and in July, 1902<

at the Scandinavian celebration, was ordained a Patriarch by President Joseph F. Smith.

Henry W. Naisbitt, poet, writer, and business promoter, was born in England

November 7, 1826, and died February 26, 1908. He joined the Church in 1850,

and came to Utah in 1854. He was with Z. C. M. I. from its organization in 1868,

for 27 years until 1896 when he retired from mercantile pursuits. Prior to his

connection with Z. C. M. I., he was buyer [for William Jennings, and also for

William Nixon, at Camp Floyd and Salt Lake City. There is perhaps not a local

periodical published in Utah in which the writings of

Henry W. Naisbitt are not found. For three years

he published Zion's Home Monthly, and after his return from his last mission to England, he gathered his poems and printed them in a volume entitled

Rhymelets in Many Moods. He was in charge of the

European mission from September, 1877, to June, 1878.

Several of the hymns in the L. D. S. Hymn book are

written by him, and he is the author of a number of the songs in the S. S. Union Song book. Presidents

Joseph F. Smith, John R. Winder, and Francis M.

Lyman spoke at his funeral in the 20th ward on Sunday, March 1, and paid deserved tributes to his life of activity and usefulness. President Smith well said

that he is not dead but sleepeth. His works will follow and testify of him. President Winder called attenHENRY W. NAISBITT.

tion to the fact that Elder Naisbitt gave to the Church the trees which today adorn the temple block; and incidentally, Bishop Romney said

that the trees which surround the 20th ward chapel were donated by Elder Naisbitt from the Hooper farm. At the regular meeting of the General Board Y. M.

M.I. A. held on the 26th of February, the day of Elder Naisbitt's death, Elder

484 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Junius F. Wells called attention to his sterling character, and the work done by

him a? a writer. He presented the following resolution which was unanimously

adopted by the Board, and ordered printed in the Era:

Resolved, That in the death of Henry W. Naisbitt, the Superintendence and

General Board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations, recognize the loss of a staunch friend of the associations, whose ready and talented pen was ever freely at the service of the associations'publications, and whose poetic and prose writings were potential for a high standard of home literature in which we, with all Latterday Saints, find intellectual comfort, pleasure and profit.

The following lines are inscribed to the memorv of Henry W. Naisbitt by

Ruth May Fox, under the title, "The Measure of Man:"

Not by its shallows do we measure the tide,

Nor by ripples which over its surface doth glide;

By depth and by force and the water's clear gleam,

By the craft that it sails we measure the stream;

Yes, that is the way we measure the stream.

Not by its shadows should we measure a life;

What of the struggles, when temptations are rife,

When reverses and trials upset every plan?

How did he meet them? is the measure of man

Ah, that is the way to measure a man.

By the toil of his hands and toil of his brain,

By the sacrifice made again and again

No! we count not his fortune, name or proud clan,

But what he has done, is the measure of man.

Ah, that is the way to measure a man.

By the light of the soul, ambition and hope,

With mortality's failings, how did he cope?

By the seed he has sown, as swiftl7 he ran

To work for his fellows, we measure a man.

Ah, that is the way to measure a man.

By the song in the heart and pray'r on the lip,

The tear in the eye, when his stumbling feet slip;

His righteous endeavor, though life's but a span,

By his love for the good, we measure a man.

Ah, that is the way God measures a man.

is an item from Collier's Weekly for Britain's Sea of Liquor.—Here

March 7, worthy of notice

The items of Great Britain's drink bill for 1906 are in. It appears that in

that year the fortythree million people of the United Kingdom drank 33.891,101

barrels of beer, 39,302,402 gallons of spirits, 12,328,691 gallons of wine, and 15,000,000 gallons of other liquors—enough to make a lake that would float a

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. Is",

hundred battleships. Taking all kinds of liquors together, every man, woman,

and child in the kingdom, including infants in arms, consumed nearly thirty gallons, costing about eighteen dollars, or say ninety dollars per family. This represents at least a quarter of the average British family income.

For the whole kingdom the liquor bill of 1906 amounted to $809,681,829.

British public opinion is torn just now by two insistent demands, one for oldage pensions, the ther for more battleships. The great navy advocates say that the

country must build two ships to Germany's one, and that it can not find the money and still carry out the Government's pension program. The cost of an old age

pension scheme is estimated at from $54,000,000 to $140,000,000 a year, according to its liberality. The most liberal plan, which goes far beyond anything now

proposed by the government, would cost a little over onesixth of the nation's drink bill. A seventh part of the remainder would build ten new battleships, thought

to be necessary. By confining themselves to three hundred million dollars'worth

of beer and two hundred million dollars'worth of spirits, without courtailing their consumption of wine or other liquors at all, the British people could have their oldage pensions and their battleships too.

To check any tendency to moralize at the expense of others, it may be worth while to mention that in the same year, in which Great Britain was consuming 1,286,510,729 gallons of liquor, we were consuming 1,874,225,409 gallons. We

might say that even these figures showed us to be drinking less than the British in proportion to population, but it happens that the British excess was all in beer.

We drank over three times as much distilled spirits, when in proportion to population we should have only twice as much. Yet the British race is not particularly

noted for abstemiousness in the matter of strong waters.

It would be a revelation to most people to know how much of the total of liquors in the United States, Utah, Idaho, Montana and Wyoming are guilty of consuming. For government revenue only on liquor and tobacco (this does not include city or county licenses) the Montana district, comprising the first three

states named, pay about $660,000 annually. To the credit of Utah, with about

280,000 inhabitants it should be said that only 20 per cent of this amount, or about $132,000, is paid by her citizens; while Idaho, with 162,000, pays 19 per

cent; and Montana, with 244,000, pays 51 per cent of the whole amount. We

venture the guess, however, that Utah pays as much for liquor and tobacco as for the education of her 98,000 school children at $20 per capita. Isn't it about time

for our own sakes that this amount should be devoted to a better purpose?

The Saloon Question.—At present there appears to be no doubt but the

saloon is doomed in the United States. The abolition of the liquor traffic is rapidly

proceeding in many of the states. In less than two years, it has been almost

actionwiped out of Kentucky—Kentucky, the whiskev state, think of that!—by

of the County Unit law, by which the people obtained the right of local option as to the existence of the saloon. There are 119 counties in the state, and out of

this number 93 are wholly "dry;"and out of the remainder all but four have

abolished the sale of intoxicants outside the limits of certain cities. There is a

law now before the General Assembly of Kentucky, which is at present in session, proposing an amendment to the County Unit law. If this passes it will result in

making 113 "dry"counties out of the 119. Harper's Weekly relates an interesting sequel to the movement. The members of the General Assembly in session

at Frankfort, have recently received copies of the following letter:

486 IMPEO VEMENT ERA

The Association of the Jailers of the State have caused to be drafted certain acts for their relief, now before the General Assembly for their consideration.

These acts are intended to relieve the acute pecuniary conditions in which the

Jailers have been placed by the general adoption of local option laws in the state.

The office of jailer in counties having a population of less than 75,000 is now worthless, the fees being totally insufficient to compensate the jailer or feed the prisoners * * * the compensation of jailers * * * averaging less than $100 per annum.

The jail doors in nearly every county in which local option prevails are wide open, and the jailers have been compelled to engage in other pursuits for the purpose of eking out a scanty support for their families.

Will Utah elect a legislature this fall that will place her in line with the rest of the Union, on the saloon question? She is now one of the only six black

states in the United States where the saloon is granted full license. The people

are the sovereigns. On March 7, it was announced from Chicago, that the Pulman Company would quit as soon as possible the serving of liquors in its cars

throughout the United States. The reasons given are state prohibition and local

option, and unruly passengers who indulge too freely, driving away many passengers less boisterous, thus making the business less profitableTerrorism.—Appalling events are now chronicled in such rapid succession

that many readers have settled down to the conviction that they are but the natural explosions of a highly civilized age. What, however, is most alarming to

the peace of the world is the rise, frequency, and persistency of a new terror, whose consequences may be most distressing to those who are looking for the millennium of brotherly love and good will.

A doctor living in New York sends the following to the New York Sun:

A bomb was thrown at 405 East 116th street at 1:40 a. m., on January 21,

1908 I reside at 407 East 116th street. I was sitting at my window studying, and

my chair was just about five feet away from where the bomb exploded. In consequence I was thrown down senseless and lay on the floor until a fireman after

bursting through the door, roused me, and with the help of my janitress brought me to my senses.

All the windows, gas fixtures, glass in picture frames, curtains. inside shut

ters, carpet, and even my gas stove were totally destroyed. In short, my whole

anatomy and humble belongings were almost a total wreck.

When I appeared before the people visiting the Children's Settlement

House, they exclaimed, "Why, doctor, you look a sight! What on earth has happened to you?""Well,"said I, "I was bombarded this morning; there are no

windows left in my apartments, and with no gas, I have been freezing all night.

And the bomb and its explosion have given me a nightmare ever since. My

stomach is on strike, and I am nervously shivering still at the thought of another bomb. Now, I do not know where to go for shelter, fearing that another bomb

might be thrown in my neighborhood."

Tnis is the moral and physical condition I have been in since January 21.

My pecuniary losses are amounting to about $100, and my physical and moral losses are untold in amount.

Bomb throwing was supposedly confined for the most part to Russia, and one or two other European countries whose people were supposed to have some grievances which nothing but such drastic measures would relieve them of. The manuEVENTS AND COMMENTS. 487

t'acture, however, of bombs hasmade its progress with all the ingenuity peculiar to other remarkable inventions of the age. They can be so constructed that they

act with the precision of a clock and may be made to go off a certain minute of the night or day. They may be constructed so as to present a harmless appearance, and can be thrown or secreted where they are likely to do the desired damage to both life and property.

A short time since the objects of these destructive missiles were supposed to be kings and other monarchs. Only recently, bombthrowers made attempts upon

the lives of the Emperor of Persia and the President of the Argentine republic.

When aimed at crowned heads, some notoriety and publicity are given to the events;

but what is most startling at the present time is the growing frequency with which bombs are aimed at the private citizen who may be the object of some personal pick. If the destructive use of the bomb continues to increase within the

next ten or twenty years as it has increased within the past five, it will unquestionably create a guerrilla warfare upon our social institutions. Private revenge

will take the place of the orderly adjustment by law. Warfare will likely be carried against capitalists and those who are supposed to occupy some superior advantage over their fellowmen, and upon whom their fellowmen are in a large degree

dependent for a livelihood. Along with the increased growth of bombthrowing

is the increase in the growth of class hatred, and who shall say where the terror of this new diabolical invention shall end?

The New York Sun commenting briefly upon the letter of its correspondent remarks The author of this description of the wreck created by the bomb is only one of a large number of persons who have suffered personal injury and loss of property through the operations of miscreants whose activities the police seem unable to prevent. The natural terror in which he lives is shared literally by thousands

of men and women Who do not know at what moment they may be blown to atoms, maimed, disfigured or rendered homeless. It is not overstating the situation to

say that a large portion of the population is and has been for months in a state of high nervous excitement on account of the numerous outrages of this class that have been perpetrated in the city.

It may be assumed that the police are doing the best they can to trace and arrest the criminals responsible for these deeds, but it is unfortunately true that their efforts have not inspired the community with confidence or the bomb throwers with fear. The popular opinion is that the law is powerless to afford protection

from certain classes of criminals, and this belief gains some color from the appalling frequency with which socalled "black hand"assaults are reported. This is

said while making due allowance for the exaggeration with which the subject has been treated.

New York is not the only city infested by this class of anarchists. They are

not only anarchists in the sense that they would overthrow political institutions, but they have respect for neither life nor society. The increase of the evil runs

hand in hand with the decline of religion and disrespect for authority. It is one

of the signs of the times in which men's selfish natures and evil inclinations will not submit to limitations or restraint. When men act in disregard of human life

from motives of revenge, it is only a step which they have to take in acting upon motives of suspicion. The new invention makes it easy for men to escape the

488 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

punishment of the law, and the evil grows by what it feeds upon. When the first

step is taken, the second step is an easy one. What little conscience such anarchists have is appeased by the thought that there are others like themselves

not a few, but many.

There are now coming to this country, thousands of people from southern

Europe whose regard for human life is inspired by fear of the law rather than by any fear of God. The suppressed feelings of an injustice to which they have been

subjected finds an outburst after landir.g in a country which affords them a liberty

which they either do not understand or do not appreciate. Bomb throwing may

result in an internal social warfare whose horrors have never been known on the battlefields where even barbarous nations have settled their disputes. The ''black

hand, ''as the bomb throwing is sometimes styled, is an evil of which heretofore men have little dreamed. This is truly an age of surprises, among which the

spirit of terrorism is gaining ground. Joseph M. Tanner.

Indiana Conference.—The Indianapolis News of March 9 contains a half

column favorable synopsis of a discourse delivered before an audience of 100 people in Indianapolis, Ind., Engineer's Hall, on March 8, by President German E. Ellsworth, of the Northern States mission. The meeting was the closing one of two days'

session of the southern Indiana conference. The elders had gathered for this purpose,

and to plan for their summer campaign in the country districts. President Ellsworth

was listened to with great attention while he explained the foundation principles of the gospel as taught by the Latterday Saints, and gave a very comprehensive outline of the contents of the Book of Mormon, and bore testimony that it is a new witness for the Bible and the divine mission of Jesus Christ. He closed by

saying:

The book of Mormon has been translated into fourteen languages. It is the

most important book of the twentieth century. In it you read the destiny of

America, the greatest country on earth, the land dedicated to liberty.

We are making a special sacrifice to place the Book of Mormon in the hands of every honest soul in our fair land. Tens of thousands of copies were sold last

year. Surely no person who is searching for truth will be slow in securing this

greatest and mosttalked-of book of the present century.

We bear our testimony to you that the Book of Mormon is the word of God, and invite you to read it with a prayerful heart, ''with real intent, having faith in Christ, and he wiil manifest the truth of it unto you by the power of the Holy

Ghost."

The A. C. McClurg & Co. 's monthly bulletin of new books for March, 1908,

contains a half page advertisement of the Book of Mormon, the American volume of Scripture.

J. B. Robbins, A. C. Keeley, R. Dumbeck

S. L. Bird, Manager. S. B. Robbins

Cream Shipped everywhere KEELEY BOOKS PRICEICE CREAM COMPANY New Witness. $1.50

Wholesale and Retail Makers of Life of Joseph Smith

Pure Ice Cream, Cloth.... $1.00

... 2.50 Sherbets, Morocco

I. A. MinWater Ices, Y. M. M.

ute Book....25 Fancy Bricks,

Y. M. M. I. A. Roll Frozen Puddings,

Book 75 Punches, Etc.

Manuals 25. 2.00 HIGH GRADE CANDIES ERA, per year

Delivered to Any Part of the City Send to ERA Office, 214

Templeton Building, Salt Factory and Office, 26o Stat* St. Lake City for these books.

Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

Salt Lake City. Utah. A/W/W/WVSWVWWV>/<V/VW

"BROWNING'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun patent

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We have "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

Ogden, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO.,

Halliday Drug Company James Jack, President, T. S. Halliday, V.P. & Mgr. Jos. C. Jack, Sec. & Treas.

Our Stock is New. Prescription department is exclusive and has

been endorsed by the medical association in the highest terms.

Dfiltk TlOIfliZ at our elegant fountain.

location: Between Salt take $ Orpheum theatres.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

I.Z.C. M. Shoes and Overalls

FOR Bid and LITTLE MEN Are Money Savers

Our Shoes are made of good i substantial material, no composition inner soles, we guarantee them. All we ask is "Give Z.

C. M. I. Shoes and Overalls a

fair trial,"then we are satisfied you will recommend them to your friends.

MOUNAINEER OVERALLS NEVER RIP.

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II I I 1 I I 1 I I I I I \ I I I 1 I I I I I I I I I I M

Co., CLAYTON MUSIC

LEADING MUSIC DEALERS.

General Representatives the Ever Popular

KIMBALL PIANO Over 175,000 in Use

Prices and Terms to suit Everybody

CO., CLAYTON MUSIC

Everything: known in Music.

J09-U-13 So. Main Street, Salt Lak Cit

1 '"im "iimm "11 """""hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii, ""(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)