SPECIAL IN THIS ISSUE

Church in SouthAmerica

The Improvement Era May 1963 SPECIAL SUMMER FEATURES FOR YOU AT BYU WORKSHOPS AND INTENSIVE COURSES Analysis of Inservice Programs

Development of Instructional Methods in Elementary Schools Curriculum and Methods of Homemaking

Education General Science Teachers Geology Summer Field Camp High School Publications Workshop

High Uinta Adventure Hill Cumorah Pageant Homemaking Education Workshop National Camp School Organization and Administration of Public Schools Seminar in Educational Readings

Special Education of Mentally Retarded

Study Skills Summer Camp Association Supervision of Homemaking Education

Student Teaching Teaching of Bookkeeping and Economics

Teaching of Business Skill Subjects

Clinic Cosmetology AdvancedGain a full summer of study CLINICS for Children Arts and Crafts

Clinic Genealogical

Program Late Summer Extensionwith all the extra advantages Children's Dance Classes

Reading Better and Faster Youth Clinic for Boysat Brigham Young University

Distinguished Faculty—Nationally famous teachers will augment

STUDY WITH GREAT resident faculty. Visiting artists also conduct classes.

TEACHERS LIKE THESE: Devotionalsfields speak andin outstandingLectures—ChurchBYU assemblyleaders programs.and experts in many

Dr, H. Aldous Dixon, former president, USU Culture—Summerlong series of concerts brings the finest artists

Dr. Use Forest, education. Western Reserve of music, drama and dance to the BYU campus.

University Recreation—Full program of outings, dances, athletics, and the

Dr. Jerry Craig Garlock, consultant, Los Angeles County superintendent of schools nearby scenic Wasatch Mountains provide recreational outlets.

The Timpanogos Hike in July is the experience of a lifetime.

Dr. Ted Edward Gordon, youth services, Los

Angeles Leadership—Opportunity for participation in student government

Ruth K. Hammond, remedial reading, Salt Lake helps develop leadership qualities.

City Schools Advancement in finish college students now Opportunities—Many

director John, pupil Dr. LaVerd personnel and less than four years by taking advantage School. of Summer service, State guidance School Office

special helps Teachers will find many for certification and out-

A. Kelly, psychology, Ohio State Dr. George for standing workshops and clinics advancement.

University Dr. Herbert Tonne, business education, New Spend a pleasant, enjoyable summer on this scenic, modern camYork University pus with finest facilities, classrooms, laboratories, housing.

Dr. E. Wayne Wright, guidance, Utah State

University CLIP AND MAILDr. Alex H. Zimmerman, music education, TO: Director of Summer School

San Diego City Schools Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

And scores of others Please send me free of charge your Summer School Catalog.

NAME Education Week—June 1014 ADDRESS

First Term, June 17July 19 Second Term, July 22Aug. 22 I am especially interested in;

.;. B: Exploring the Universe

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr.

NEW!

r-':.'i.

EARTHQUAKE ENERGY

The energy released in a major earthquake is about the same as the cUPREMe equivalent of one hundred thousand

Hiroshimatype bombs. There are 'poM * NT

about a million tremors a year, gggSSSS**"*"though most are only detected by the most sensitive instruments.

ATOMIC EXCAVATION

An underground test in Nevada, called Project Sedan, has shown that PACKSnuclear explosives may be used successfully in large excavation projects such as an acrossIsthmus of Panamasealevel canal. The 100,000ton CRISP*

nuclear device formed a crater havNow, twice as many individually wrapped ing 320 feet maximum depth and packs in every package of Supreme Saltine 1,200 feet across, with a crater lip of from 20 to 100 feet high. Crackers means you open fewer crackers at

a time... keep the rest sealed up fresh and

LONDON SMOG crisp. Get a package next time you shop

earliest the attemptsOne of to re-... enjoy fresher, crisper Supreme Saltine

air pollutionduce was the prohibition in 1273 by Act of Parliament of Crackers often.

the burning of coal in London. Economic pressure eventually resulted

in the repeal of the act. Enjoy Supreme cookies, too... they're

"Kitchen rich"good... baked as you

PEARSHAPED EARTH would!

One of the important geophysical results from the study of satellite orbits is a better understanding of the shape of the earth. It has long

been known that the earth is an oblate spheriod, that is, flattened at the poles, but recent results indicate that it has about 80 miles less difference between the equatorial and polar radii than the presatellite value. But the earth is actually

pearshaped with the stem toward the north, and sea level at the North

Pole about 30 miles farther from the earth's center than sea level at the

South Pole, and the equator is likely not a circle! MAY 1963 SUPREME337

The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Ward Teachers, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for May 1963 Volume 66, Number 5

Church Features

The Editor's Page: The Tender Flower of Love, President David O. McKay...348 ART AND PHOTO CREDITS:

Your Question: What Did Paul Mean by Being Predestinated? 348PhotographsLorry Rytting

President Joseph Fielding Smith.350 352353 WilliamJ. VernonB. andSmartFawn H. Sharp

354, 356357 William B. Smart

The Church Moves On, 342; Melchizedek Priesthood, 404; Presiding Bishopric's Page, 406. 358359 Church Information Service

361363 William B. Smart

364365 1 to r, Top Row: J. Vernon and

Fawn H. Sharp, Milton R. Hunter,

Special Features J.tonVernonR. Hunter,and FawnUnknown,H. Sharp, ElderMilHunter, R. Milton

B. Paulsen, FinnBrief Summary of PresidentHugh B. Brown's Tour of South America 344 Astill.MiddleMilton R.Row:Hunter,

J. W.VernonReynolds.andThis Wonderful World of MIA 346 FawnMilton H.R. Sharp,Hunter,Brett

South America, Land of Prophecy and Promise, A. Theodore Puttie 352 H.BottomSharp,Row:MiltonJ. VernonR. Hunter,and FawnJ.

Vernon and Fawn H. Sharp, Milton

Colored Pictures of South America 856357 R. Hunter, J. Vernon and Fawn H.

Sharp, J. Vernon and Fawn H.

The Argentine Mission 360 366 ThreeSharp. at left: William B. Smart;

The Andes and Chilean Missions 363 right,Sharp. J. Vernon and Fawn H.

Colored Pictures of South America 364365 368,372 Two369, at371top:WilliamJ. VernonB. Smartand Fawn

The Uruguay Mission. 368 H.Department.Sharp; bottom, Church Building

381 Don Grayston ClarkThe Brazilian Mission 371 404375 Solveig P. Russell Ralph

Pertinent Questions Answered.380 406Art Saans

"... Hearken and I will reason with you...", Roy A. West 382 376,406 Ted377, Nagata379 Dale Kilbourn

Colored Map, The Church in South America 384385 412415431PhyllisVirginiaLuch Sargent

The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans..386, 387, 388, 392, 394 All otherStudio.art and photos—Ralph Reynolds

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 337; Letters and Reports, 402.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Little Girls 408 Like Knitting, Genevieve Van Wagenen... 412

THE ERA OF YOUTH 415

Stories, Poetry

Peach Blossoms, Myrtle M. Dean 376

Poetry...375, 390, 396

The Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City 11, Utah

THE COVER Editor; Editors; O. Richard and David Evans, L. Green, C. Associate Doyle Josephson, Marba Manofftnfi Editor; Managing Zobell, L. Albert McKayEditor; Research Editorial Grant,L. E. Stephan, Larsen, Judith Carter H. Associates; Blake, Reed Arlene Pinnock, Florence Editor; Today's Family MarJr., lost of city Incas, the The Macchu ion Editor; D. Era Hanks, Youth Associate Editor; Art The Elaine Cannon, Era Direction: Youth The of of Studio. ReynoldsB. Ralph Picchu, in perched the clouds two

S. G. Harris, Durham, Nirley, Franklin Homer Sidney B. Sperhy. Huch A. Gardiner, E. Contributing Alma Editors. Nathan Tanner, feet thousand above the roaring Carlos G. Smith, S. General Manager; Jr., Associate Jacobsen, Jr.,Florence General Manager; F. Scott, Business Verl Manager; Subscription Snarr, A. Glen River. These ruins Urubamba Peruvian Director; Advertising Evans, Director. Thayer

were discovered by the young Yale professor Copyright 1963 Hiram Bingham, Mutual by published Funds, lac., the and 24, 1911, Associations Improvement Saints. All by Mutual rights of Christ of Church Latterday The Jesus

reserved. Subscription price year, a in foreign $3.00 advance; subscriptions, year, advance;of $3.50 a for in single except issues. 35c copy, special are considered as and the by manyJuly

at Office, Entered the Post Salt City, Lake as secondclass Utah matter. at special for section of for rate postage mailing in 1103. provided Acceptance Act of most sites. spectacular Inca The

of 1917, October authorized 2, 1918. July President is by and

is Improvement responsible EraThe not for unsolicited manuscripts for at of the rate contributions. are paid but 2c photograph Manuscripts acceptance welcomes on Mrs. Sharp. Vernon J. a word must and sufficient be accompanied by for delivery return. postage and

full in color Cover Lithographed isThirty notice days'for required of change address. slip ordering issue a recent of address include the change, a magazine. Address please from When

changes cannot unless be old Press. the as address made is as bv Deseret the well included. News one new

338 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I LEADERSHIP BOOKS LIVE WITH from Deseret Book Each of this month's outstanding featured books will help you live the gospel! Stimulating

books of counsel and spiritual enrichment!

1. FAMILY LEADERSHIP

Inspired Counseling for Parents by V. Dallas Merrell

From the words of the prophets comes this compilation of their wisdom—arranged in an instructive

fashion to guide you in your family relationships!

$2.50

2. HOW OLD IS CHRIST'S GOSPEL?

The Challenge of the Scrolls:

by 0. Preston Robinson

A fascinating study of the controversial Scrolls in the light of LDS doctrine—evidence that the gospel existed before Christ's ministry. Heartening and

informative—a scholarly addition to LDS literature of importance! gin* t\r

AND NOW - WORDS TO LIVE WITH <P I 3. JIMMY MOSS-

5 The PEARL OF by Himself GREAT PRICE anAn LDSenjoyablepersonality.recollectionGood, ofwholesomelife's experiencesreading thatby

renews your faith in the essential values of humanity!

in vital living sound!

Here is the sweep and majesty of $3.50

divine scripture—for the

first time, in the beauty of sound! 4. CORNER ON YOUTH

by Elaine Cannon $9.95 aA 'Cornerbright, onknowingYouth.'bookWrittenby theforauthoressteens by someonewho has

who is sympathetically aware of their problems and joys!... Sparklingly told in unusual, pretty poetry!

Deseret Book Company 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah I would like to receive book(s) number for which I enclose (cheque, cash, money) the full cost $..! tte*eretCOMPANY Book

44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL

SALT LAKE CITY Name 2472 WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Address

City Zone State..

MAY 1963 Residents of Utah add 3% sales tax. 339

Souvenir Ball Point Pen Mailed

FROM HISTORIC VALLEY FORGE

Yes, this beautiful pen, a souvenir from historic—Valleyis yoursForge—homeFREE, withoutof THEcostGOLDor obligation.STAR PLANWe

offer you this attractive useful gift for letting us send you, with no obligation, complete details about the lowcost GOLD STAR medicalsurgical plan for folks who don't drink. Your gift will be mailed as

soon as we receive your name and address on the coupon below.

***IN RESPONSE TO OVERWHELMING DEMAND FROM MEMBERS OF THE GOLD The GOLD STAR

STAR HOSPITALIZATION PLAN FOR NONMEDICAL-SURGICAL

DRINKERS, GOLD STAR IS OFFERING A PLAN Offers YOU...

WONDERFUL NEW LOWCOST PLAN PAYS $70.00 WEEKLY FOR A REGISTERED NURSE

is private nursing even care covered MedicalSurgical STAR in this new by GOLD hospital at are convalescing theEXCLUSIVELY FOR THE PROTECTION OF Yes,Plan out of and you get when home!

weekly pay you now $70.00

at careTOTAL ABSTAINERS... THE NEW GOLD willtake GOLD STAR of you home. AND (oryou $10.00can receivea day)thisfor moneya fulltimefor asregisteredmany daysnurseas youto

STAR MEDICAL SURGICAL PLAN... for were hospitalized, up to 70 days for each and every sickness or accident!

just a few pennies a day, you can have this amazing That's exactly what NOwe AGEmean,LIMIT!too. WhetherSENIOR youCITIZENSare 1 orQUALIFY101, you receive the same

protection that helps you pay doctor, nurse and surliberalnow, withcoverage.this wonderfulGOLD STARnewhelpsaddedtakeservicethe financialfor nondrinkers,worry out ofSeniorgrowingCitizensold. Andcan

gical bills for every member of your family! Since have an ever greater degree of independence.

SPECIAL LOW RATES statistics show that approximately one member of As a nondrinker you deserve and should receive your MedicalSurgical protection at every family will become hurt or sick this year, it alesssubstantialoften thansaving.those Statisticswho do. proveWe believethat thosethat nondrinkerswho do not drinkshouldarenotsickbe andmadehurtto

pay the higher rates charged to cover those who do drink. Gold Star, by excluding

is quite likely that you will have need of this proall drinkers, can give increased protection and more benefits at substantial savings.

tection some day soon. Even though you may That's right, the Company can ONLYnever cancelYOU CANyour CANCELpolicy or change your benefits. Only

already have hospitalization coverage, you will still YOUlow GOLDcan cancelSTAR ratethis canspecialneverMedicalSurgicalbe changed, unlesscoverage!there is Ina addition,rate adjustment,your presentup or

need help with the surgical, nurse and doctor bills down, for all policyholders!

NO LIMIT ON THE NUMBER OF TIMES YOU CAN COLLECT that pile up whenever illness or accident strikes! Since only you can cancel, you never have to worry about losing your protection

when you need it most. You are not penalized for repeated illnesses. Just three

Gold Star gives you the kind of protection you need, monthsreceive afterfull benefitsthe end forof yourthat confinementcondition ANDforyouanyreceivesicknessfullor benefitsaccidentimmediatelyyou may agajnfor..protectionno matter andhowbenefits!many times you arewith wide coverage and generous benefits at a much anysick, newyou sicknesscontinue orto accident.receive theSo sameyou seeliberal.

lower cost. For instance, Gold Star helps pay your PAYS UP TO $300.00 FOR SURGICAL FEES

doctors'bills, (whether or not you have an operaexpensesYour Gold accordingStar MedicalSurgicalto a generousPolicyschedulepays printedyou up rightto $300.00in your CASHpolicyfor.. surgical. TAXFREE! And you receive this money whether the surgery takes place in or out of the

etc., hospital. for fractures, you dislocations, For instance, treated be covered wouldtion), while you are in the hospital! And what a in office. are less, the doctor's Star Gold pays you even and if your expenses

in or hospitalization addition other medicalsurgical to any coverage you may arecomfort it is to know that after you return from the youhave. pays rushed Claim checks DELIVERY. SPECIAL to you AIR MAIL

hospital and are recuperating, you may have your PAYS FOR DOCTOR'S VISITS doctor come to your home whenever you need him, STARYes, that'sMedicalSurgicalright! When Policyyou go paysto theyouhospital$4.00 perand daysurgeryfor eachis notdayrequired,your doctoryour visitsGOLD

as well as having a full time registered nurse to speed you.hospital,Not youronly policythat, paysbut youwhile$4.00you peraredayconfinedfor eachat dayhomeyourafterdoctorreturningvisits youfrom(or youthe

your convalescence... and Gold Star will help with visithospital!him atGoldhis Staroffice),will forpay asyoumanyup tovisitsa totalas theof 80numbervisits offordaysany youone spentaccidentin theor

these bills as well! illness—that'sIn addition, evenright—80though visits.your surgeon was paid, under the Surgical Benefits, while

your visits office doctor visits at his you or you as the visit him for as many numberEverything has been done to take the financial worry, ofyou were in the hospital, Gold Star will still pay you $4.00 per day for each day hospital, days you are confined in the after spen t returning while you at home

out of being sick. Just look at the benefits we've fromone accidentthe hospitalor il Iness!Again, Gold Star will pay you up to a total of 80 visits for any

outlined for you! And be sure to read our uncondiONLY CONDITIONS NOT COVERED:

tional moneyback guarantee. You can apply for theEveryusekindof alcohoof sic kness'ic beveragesand accidentor narcotics;is coveredpregnancy;except, mentalof course,or nervousthose causeddisorders;by:

Gold Star protection at absolutely no risk to vou! preexistingVeterans Hospitalcond. itions;Everythingany actelse ofis covered!war; and where care is in a Government or

340 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To You With Complete Information About

SPECIAL LOW COST

GOLD STAR MEDICALSURGICAL PLAN

Available To NONDRINKERS Only!

CHECK THESE BIG REASONS WHY IT'S SO NICE TO BE PROTECTED BY GOLD STAR

SNORED TAPE iNO ENROLLMENT DUES OR

ONLY YOU CAN CANCEL* MEMBERSHIP FEES!

<& ALL BENEFITS PAID IN CASH S. iNO SALESMEN CALL ON YOU! ft GOOD ANYWHERE IN THE U.

NO AGE LIMIT AND FOREIGN COUNTRIES

HON. J. STROM THURMOND, S. S. KRESGE, founder of the LYNN BURKE, Olympic and

United States Senator, South S.

Carolina: "I have been pleased 800S. stores:Kresge "I'mCo., withdelightedover World"NeitherSwimmingI noranyotherchamChampion:

to learn that there is an insurthat nondrinkers are now repion I know drinks. My father,

ance plan available which warded by insuring with the along with other coaches, foroffers nondrinkers an opporGold Star Plan at substantial bids his contestants to drink.

tunity to capitalize on their savings. Gold Star's popularOf course,! highly recommend

decision to abstain from the ity indicates that it is the right the Gold Star Hospitalization use of alcoholic beverages."answer to the question of Plan for nondrinkers."

drinking and hospitalization."

JEROME HINES, leading bass HON. FRANK CARLSON, United Pulitzer SINCLAIR, with UPTON the Metropolitan Opera States Senator, "I Kansas:

"I Prize author: your think Company: nondrinker "The delighted that am Arthur

of giving is idea people the risk a better should and be DeMoss has worked a out plan discount insurance which entitled to a better insurance to provide hospitalization for

I shortening they by earn rate. not most rechappy to am nondrinkers cost. at reduced

is their lives a with alcohol this low cost I ommend Gold would urge those concerned brilliant to one, glad It Policy. and Star am should prove their about financial security it."I in be counted on real to a be help blessing and to take of this advantage

all to qualify."who can excellent opportunity."

THE GOLD STAR PLAN is offered exclusively by De Moss Associates, Inc., General Agents for the leading companies (depending upon your state of residence):

Guarantee Trust Life Insurance Company; National Liberty Life Insurance Company; Old Security Life Insurance Company; American Fidelity And Casualty Company

I r. Mail Us Your Name and m NO COST—NO OBLIGATION Address on This Coupon NOW

information Full will DE MOSS ASSOCIATES, INC., to you, be rushed

Pa. Forge, Valley PLAN, 0-1-4291 -053 STAR THE GOLD FREE OF CHARGE details of eligible nondrinker, Please as an mail me, how I and FREE

for entitled are of age) (regardless family other to apply members of my Will Call No Salesman Plan. Star that Gold understand the no salesman *

call, that obligation that the whatever;I no pen is FREE.will and I am MedicalSurgicalunder You, Ever On Now or

And receive this handsome Name. (PLEASE PRINT)

ball point pen as an Outright Gift Street or RFD No

City..., Zone.

County State

MAY 1963 341 The Church Moves On

FEBRUARY 1963

The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

Alvin C. Chace of Jacksonville, Florida, as president of the

East Central States Mission succeeding President Frank H. Brown.

President Chace has been a member cf the Florida Mission presidency for the past two years. Previously he had served as president

of the Florida Stake for fourteen years. He has also served as a

branch president, member of a district presidency, branch YMMIA superintendent and scoutmaster. As a young man he served as

a missionary in the Southern States. His wife, Mrs. Alzada Beasley

Chace and their five children will accompany him to this assignment in the mission field.

It was announced that Elders A. Glenn Snarr, Robert J.

Beveridge, and J D Mortensen had been appointed to the general board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association.

It was announced that Mrs. Oa J. Cannon and Mrs. Lila B.

Walch had been appointed to the Relief Society general board.

Billings ( Montana ) Stake was organized from the Yellowstone m District of the West Central States Mission, with Elder Howard

C. Anderson sustained as stake president and Elders J. Kenneth

Doty and Alvin S. Walter as his counselors. Billings Stake has

six wards and five branches. The stake, the 369th now functioning,

CU r= o IS;8 5<

o Siss 'CO o. c/>O—+--N wasand organizedGordon B. underHinckleythe ofdirectionthe Councilof Eldersof theHowardTwelve.W. BillingsHunter (districts) old of the of Montana five conferences the one c was +j c/>c

CD O eg s? the 189698. year the latter In Montana functioned Mission which h

wi o Mission. States COo -Q) consolidated Northwestern with g?o oC Mission was the new u OTO u o O a O Ccu E > o in

in the functioning unit Illinois the 370th Stake, such % o now 4-3 tn "2!CO Is o Illinois of the District Central the organized from Church, was a,"-.

CO W) o C CO Kelly Ross was sustained Elder Mission. States Anthony o Northern

o—a> < CO CO CO as stake president with Elders George Douglas Gardner and Robert

"5. a> c w J3 I- the organized under stake was as counselors. The Mautz Kuhn CO cCO QO W)

of the of the Twelve Council of Hunter Cro1Elder 3cCO * cCO direction.E Howard W. Ecu O 2dos ft 5 of Assistant Council to the Jr., William and Elder J. Critchlow,

1830. fall of Illinois in first visited the Missionaries the Twelve.

1846. toAw o 1839 from of the Church the headquarters state was </i The

Illinois uriitzer Pian Elder R. Sherman Russell sustained as president of Minnesota nic S. F. Wright. Delbert Elders Lynn President Stake, succeeding b, Oh 2PI, DeKal W as counselors. Elder sustained Richards, Jr., and Paul W. Wilson OF ILLIN Plan on Electro <

563, Eugene L. Talbot who had been serving as second counselor to

nation lising IE ilZE UILDER KALB. President Wright was released. President Russell had been serv-

E L first as counselor. ing President Wright's fflQ "o |9 acG J

Is co of parts Riverdale Stake from Terrace formed Washington a: z a A E 3 as presiErnest sustained Elder Stake (Utah) with B. Wheeler!! L LjD o nn as F. Shreeve fi Elders Grant and dent Hodgkinson Le and Reedm Bo cu wrw =a c z 1 first as counselor serving President counselors. ra been Wheeler had do

Address. to President Rudolph L. Van (Continued on page 398)I S i o

342 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 3. HANDBOOK F

GENEALOGICAL By Rulon S. Howells

CORRESPONDEN HANDBOOK FOR 4. English Edition

By Cache GeneaGENEALOGICAL - $3.95

logical Library CORRESPONDENCE 5. Spanish Edition

enMost problems $3.95 MOBMO -JmQBMOg.

reby countered Proving to be a searchers in trying to obtain information really great missionary tool throughout a by letter,I re disthe missions of the solutions cussed and Church, this exciting revealed in this downto-earth text. Anpictorial account of

swers a real need. Mormonism can help

3.25 you successfully contact investigators.

Genealogical Research Standards

Published by the GeneaAn inspiring collection of Over 300 choice stateThe advantages of living a A knowledge of the future practical logical Society, literary succinct, ments, pithy constitutional and government revealed compact as by ancient gems basic covering Genealogy ideal for leisure truths, evils with of the moments, prophets. moral dole and packed the modern and

techniques. $1.75

talks. teaching and $1.00 revealed. and wisdom. Remarkable. system $3.50 $1.00 humor $3.95

$3.95 deluxe edition

Bookcraft 5-63 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books for which enclose check or money order for $ 12 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10

Name

Address

City Zone.... State.

MAY 1963 343 OPENING APRIL 1st...

CENTRAL UTAH CONVALESCENT MEDICAL CENTER 575 E. 1400 So. Orem, Utah

A UNIQUE FACILITY For AGED or INFIRM Registered BRIEF SUMMARY OF Nurses Special Diets PRESIDENT HUGH B. BROWN'S

Medications TOUR OF SOUTH AMERICA

Therapy

Private Rooms

P. M. Stoddard, M.D.

Medical Director One of the most momentous events of 180 columnfeet of newspaper

Deluxe Accommodations in the history of the South Amerispace, ten hours radio time, and

Open Staff to Licensed can missions was the recent visit of five hours television time were deMedical Doctors President Hugh B. Brown, Second voted to President Brown's tour in

Counselor in the First Presidency of the seven missions. In addition,

* Planned Recreation the Church. In just a little more newsreels were taken of the press

* Barber Shop & Beauty Aires that than conference it is probable which in Buenos one month * Decor Unique Every Room will Argentine of thousands in 400 hundreds of South be shown * Chapel Room for Services Americans in seven missions saw and theaters during a tenweek period.

MONTHLY RATES $175-$400 heard more about The Church of Another newsreel will be circulated theaters of for year. Christ the Saints in Latterday of Peru one Inquiries Welcomed AC 5-4879 Jesus

in only guess than they thouthe preceding had can One how many thirtyeight years since missionary sands of people have been and will work was begun on this continent. yet be brought in contact with

Beginning in Rio and the Church Brown de Janeiro on President dignity, media. through these 9, 1963, President January Brown

comfort and beautyvisited all of the seven South AmerPresident Brown met with and ican missions for several days each, inspired a total of 1,021 missionplus the privacy of holding member and missionary aries, as well as nearly 20,000 individual seating conferencescities. In everyin majorfifteen airportdifferenthe proximatelymembers and7,000friends,were ofinvestigators.which apwas greeted by scores of jubilant Every meeting with the Saints at

Saints generally singing and bearwhich he spoke was the largest meettraditional dignity With and beauty, the ing of of which had ever Church banners This ing huge welcome.

the and convenience modern in that city. held the first time been any and was of of the memcoil-spring comtort seats, these

chairs ideal for are your offiVisits to leading were house of bers the privilege of seeing made had had or worship auditorium. Maximum countries, in the various a since cials First and Presidency of the one is in privacy individual inherent the

styling unit, of each and of visit in represented them were the EzyLift President number 1954. Most McKay's

provide seats ample passageway. sessions. in the conference In of never seen of them had a member Luxurious HeywoodWakefield

seating is available in a wide the Council of the Twelve. Brazil the governor of the state of

variety of aisle ends, beautiful fine fabrics. Write colors, and today In many of the cities those presGuanabara, Carlos Lacerda, was

for free catalog. ent to welcome President Brown at presented with a Book of Mormon.

the airport included newspaper In Curitiba a representative of the reporters, photographers, and telemayor was present in the general:,:;;:.: vision men. In two cities, Montesession along with the chief of police

video, Uruguay, and Cordoba, Arof Curitiba, who also favored gentina, President Brown left the President Brown with his presence airport with a police escort. at the airport. In Asuncion, Paraguay, the minister of the interior

Press, radio, and television coverwas visited, as was the mayor in age of the tour was both extensive Rosario, Argentina. In Uruguay,

and favorable. In those cases where President Brown was cordially rereporters didn't actually meet Presiceived by the president of the

.*. conferencesdent Brown wereat thelaterairport,held. pressAs thecountry,mayorFaustinoof Montevideo,Harrison;as alsowell byas

near as can be determined, a total by the American and Canadian am- 1 1w

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH.

344 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA bassadors, all of whom were visibly impressed. A wreath was placed

on the statute of Artigas (Uruguayan national hero) by President Brown. Mr. Roy R. Earl, Construction Superintendent,

Members and missionaries alike Holladay LDS Chapel and Recreation Hall, hailed the tour, particularly the Salt Lake City. Architects: Jackson & Sharp, A.I.A.

highlights spiritual asconferences, is difficult to say Roof decking easilyItof their lives.

how many investigators will eventapplied to Rilco arches because partly join the Churchually influence Brown's on and beams by volunteersof President them. Typical of the many whose "Rilco roof construction enabled us to use considerably more volunteer

this greatlives changed by were reports case,"the Earl labor Mr. normally than is Roy who supervised

is President of chauffeur theman in City. Salt for construction the 6th Lake and 13th Wards Argentina. in Cordoba, carBrown's

As he drove the President and his "The arches and beams were erected with little difficulty and the party to the airport, he stated they roof decking was installed by inexperienced labor. This resulted in

were so greatly impressed that he significant savings in the total construction costs,"he states.

and his wife had talked it over and Economical Rilco laminated wood arches and beams were precision decided to change their religion. He fabricated and arrived ready for immediate installation. No additional

driven presidents, hadstated that he people, cutting or fitting was required. The attractive appearance of the strucimportant otherkings, and

but that none had ever treated him tural members and decking also resulted in further savings by eliminatwith greater consideration than had ing the need for false ceilings. Finished natural, they provide a warm,

President Brown. inviting atmosphere for worship and keep maintenance costs low.

President Brown is not the first Investigate the advantages of using Rilco lamiapostle of the Church to visit South nated wood members in your building program.

America, or even the first member of Rilco service engineers will be happy to discuss Oft visit this First Presidency, butthe inyour plans with you or your architect without obliof high with a periodcoincided... and a helpful bookletterest in the Church in this part of gation

the world. Church membership in of construction ideas is availSouth America has more than able, free. Write today.

doubled in two years. During the

time he was in South America, President Brown not only established governcontacts with valuablemany press, radio, Weyerhaeuser Company with andment officials and television, but he also acRilco Engineered Wood Products Division quainted innumerable people with Box B-558, Tacoma 1, Washington the information aboutvaluable Idea Booklet. Construction Church your free send APlease and left both membersChurch. He Engineer contact us. Service have your Please

missionaries with a new spirit of dedication which should result in a Namegreater rate of growth in the South Ward

American missions.

Address

City—Zone State.

MAY 1963 345 A TOTAL ELECTRIC

The Wonderful

A wonderful new way to live World of M.I.A.

UTAH POWER A LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your deafer With the theme: "This Wonderful World of MIA,"June conference occurs

June 14, 15, 16, 1963—and with preconference activities on June 13, it

promises to be the "best ever."

The following schedule indicates the wealth of opportunity and challenge that await those who attend June conference of the Mutual Improvement Associations in 1963.FILMS

DEVELOPED "MIA PRECONFERENCE 2:00 PM AFTERNOON SESSION

AND PRINTED per rou EVENTS"OF MIA CONFERENCE. Draof sketch maticMusical "Freedom

For or 12 Exposure B A any 6, 8 13 W Roll JUNE in the states and Truth"conferences

Roll only 35c per PRINTS JUMBO of the world. "INTERNATIONAL HARnations 8:00 AM

COLOR FILM VEST"YWMIA MIAExecutivesCAMPandDAYYW forCampall 8:00 PM "50TH ANNIVERSARY OF

Directors. IN Tracy Wigwam, Millcreek SCOUTING THE CHURCH"DEVELOPING Celebration Golden Jubilee Canyon.

KODACOLOR Scouts of America and their forleaders.Boy

Roll 8-Exposure per 6:30 of the portrayal progress Exciting "MASTER PM M MANGOLD-

roll Dev. and Printing $2.55 at the of scouting Tabin the MIA, Open RANQUET"GLEANER EN Roll 12Exposure per

Dev. and Printing $3.00 roll to young women and young men ernacle on Temple Square.

Color Reprints 20< each holding a Golden Gleaner award or a Master M Man award, and their JUNE 1415 SLIDES COLOR partners. reservations nec- 4:30 "EXPLORADO'-UniverAdvance PM

Slid es per mm Color sity of Field (west Utah—Cummings 135 South essary. Write MIA Office, 201 35exp., Dev. and Mount $1.35 roll

1 35 mm Color Slid es per State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah. of Field House). Thrilling exhibit in

36 exp., Dev. and Mount $2.40 roll the great outdoors of the accomColor Movie per JUNE 14 plishments of MIA Explorer Scouts. 25'Roll $1.35 roll 8 mm, 7:30 AM "MIA RECEPTION"-Temple Square. 8:30 PM "BEYOND THE BLUEGENEALOGY PHOTOS HORIZON"MIA BIENNIAL of NEGATIVES OLD MADE

exColorful DANCE FESTIVAL. 9:30 AM OPENING SESSION OF each. PRINTS 60c PHOTOS,

stars, beneath of NEGATIVE, 4c each MIA CONFERENCE. Introduction travaganza under the

Send coin only - no C.O.D.'s willof theinclude196364GeneralMIA Theme.AuthoritiesSpeakersof theEighteenmajestichundredRockyparticipantsMountains.in MoneyBack Guarantee the Mormon Church. AllGirls Dance, plus an additional

SAM'SP. O. Box T 11 5 Dept.PHOTOAA Salt Lake City,LABUtah

346 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i-.>"i

H h to church /members

BOOK OF MORMON ARCHAEOLOGICAL TOUR (Aug. 23Sept. 11)

Visit ruins of ancient civilization near Mexico City, in Yucatan and Guatemala.

$680 from Los Angeles $750 from Salt Lake

BOOK OF MORMONBIBLE LANDS TOUR (Sept. 29November 6)

Visit Mexico; Yucatan; Puerto Rico; Portugal; Spain; Italy; Greece; Egypt; Lebanon; Jordan;

Israel. $2023 from Salt Lake or Los Angeles

D CHURCH HISTORYHILL CUMORAH PAGEANT TOUR (Aug. 5-13)

Air tour to New York City; Sharon; Palmyra; Fayette; Kirtland! Nauvoo; Carthage;

Independence; Omaha.

$340 from Salt Lake $375 from Los Angeles

MORMON TRAIL EXPEDITION (July 22August 17)

Camp tour for men high school age and older. Visit Colorado; Kansas; Missouri; Illinois;

Indiana; Ohio; New York (Pageant); Vermont; Pennsylvania; Washington, D. C; Maryland;

Iowa; Nebraska; Wyoming; Utah.

$275 from Provo

OPTIONAL COLLEGE CREDIT CHURCH STANDARDS

CHECK ABOVE FOR COMPLETE DETAILS

NAME.

5,200 young men and women dancSTATE- a in formation oning rhythmic %iy$t: of University of green at thecarpet

Utah Stadium.

8:00 PM "MIA SPEECH FESTIVAL."Original drama will spotlight

the art of speechmaking and effecBritish conservative and tive communication by the youth of nonconformist views have the Church.

JUNE 15 been added to the pages of 8:00 PM BEEHIVE "GOLDEN The Salt Lake Tribune.

BEE JUBILEE."Tabernacle on

Temple Square. Featuring 2,000 Dispatches from The London

"Beehive Girls of the MIA"in traditional dress, exemplifying the impact Sunday Times, representing this programfor-girls has had for conservative thinking, and half a century.

The Manchester Guardian, ALL DAY MIA INDIVIDUAL DEPARTMENT SESSIONS. Anyone offering the noncomformist

will find any one of these sessions enlightening, inspirational, and a viewpoint, now join an altrue guide to the solution of the ready distinguished familyproblems of youth and a demonstration of what youth can achieve. of newswire services daily

JUNE 16 and Sunday in the pages of 9:15 AM MIA CLOSING SESSION

—Famed Mormon Tabernacle, Temple Square. Conducted by the

General Authorities of the MormonChurch. Music by the internationally tukt Sfih'uitf

renowned Tabernacle Choir.

MAY 1963 347 I remember as a teen riding up South

Fork of Ogden River on a dusty road near my home in Huntsville, Utah.

Then there were no paved roads.

Spring Creek was gurgling off by one side. Wild rose bushes were adorning

the highway, but their blossoms were covered by the dust of every traveler and by the men with their heavy wagons who hauled the lumber down that old street.

I did not stop to pluck a rose along the highway, but a mile up I turned to the left into the meadow, just below a mountain canal. There was the same

kind of roses blooming in the light of sunshine and kissed only by the morning dew, unsullied by the dust of every traveler passing by.

That was the rose I got off my horse to pluck, and I thought, "That is the kind of girl I should like to choose some day for my wife—one aside, pure,

and spotless, untouched by the flying dust that had passed by."

That is the kind of girl every young man would like to choose if he has the love of truth in his heart; if he has

within him the love of honor and beauty and pure virtue.

This is a part of the counsel that I sometimes have given as I have performed marriages for young people in the temple. I share it with you now:

Marriage is something not to be entered into lightly, nor terminated at

President and Sister David 0. McKay pleasure, or at the first difficulty that

might arise as you journey down the highway of matrimony.

There is something besides an instinct which is far more beautiful and holy in your lives that is uniting your souls in one, and that something is love, the divinest attribute of the human soul. There is no difficulty, there

is no sorrow, there is no success, there is no fame, there is no wealth, there is nothing in the world that can separate two hearts that are bound by the golden clasp of love and sealed by the authority of the Holy Priesthood.

The older I grow, and the more ex348 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA perience I have, the more convinced I in later life, but that sweet confidence am that there are three fundamental which you have regarding this lovely conditions which every couple should girl is the most glorious possession that keep in mind—not only those who are a husband can cherish—more glorious

beginning on the road of married life, than wealth, lands, houses, station, but those of us who are pretty well fame—the utmost confidence that she

along on it. is just as pure as the bridal veil that

The first condition which contributes falls over her shoulders, as spotless as to love, the feeding of it, the nourishthe sunbeam. And she should have

ing of it, is associated with that little the same confidence in you, because simple word kindness. It is significant she knows that you are just as worthy

that a prominent phrase in the Psalm of fatherhood. That confidence is the

of Love is this: "Love suffereth long, supreme, the sublime element in which

and is kind."(See 1 Cor. 13:4.) What love thrives. I submit that there is

a philosophy in that one sentence! I no higher ideal in all the world,

know of nothing which a bride appreand I wish every young person could ciates more, particularly during the realize just what it means to futurefirst few months and years of what I harmony and happiness to begin The may call the amalgamating period, than married life in purity and with a kindness and gentleness on the part covenant binding each to loyalty and of the husband. fidelity supreme. Growing naturally out of that feeling Remember always that love is a Tender

come gentle tones and thoughtful acts. tender flower, the roots of which are

The voice has a great deal to do with in the human heart. It thrives in the

happiness, with harmony, with conelement of confidence and trust, as thegeniality. I think it was that thought rose thrives in the sunshine and mornFlower

which prompted someone to say that a ing dew. But in an atmosphere of

married couple ought never to speak in mistrust, suspicion, or doubt of each loud tones to each other unless the other, it will wilt, it will fade. Fidelityhouse is on fire. and constancy are to the little flower of of

But more important than gentle the soul what the sun is to the rose.

tones are those gentle acts of consideraAlways be yourself—your better self

tion for each other; in a word, con-—no matter under what circumstancestinued courtship after marriage. We or in whose company you may Love

should remember to be courteous to find yourself. THE EDITOR'S PAGE BY

each other, for sometimes in this workKeep your blood untainted; your PRESIDENT DAVID O. McKAY

aday life the husband forgets, and the name untarnished.

wife forgets to extend little courtesies Try always to be of service to your in the home. This is particularly imfellow men through the divine organportant when there are children in the ization of The Church of Jesus Christ

home, for they observe these things of Latterday Saints.

and will be greatly influenced by the Adherence to these suggestions will actions of the parents. make you rich in friends and in

But more important than the feeling heaven's choicest blessings.

of kindness, even more important than Temple marriage is the beginning of the courteous, thoughtful acts of the traveling on a road together—a road

lover, is the third condition which is that will never end. Eternal joys may

associated with this sentence: "Love be glimpsed in the temple. These joys

believeth all things."(See ibid., 13:7.) may be yours—together—if you will but

That confidence, that trust is the elefollow the eternal principles outlined ment in which love thrives. Perhaps for you on your wedding day in the

you do not realize it now as you will house of the Lord.

MAY 1963 349 WHAT DID PAUL MEAN BY BEING PREDESTINATED?

question: "During a recent distalent and not be able to use it

cussion the question arose as to the seems to me sufficient justification full meaning of the remark by the for excuse, particularly under the

Apostle Paul: 'For whom he did present economic system of the

world, and yet it seems unfair thatforeknow, he also did predestinate YOUR to he conformed to the image of his environment or any system should

Son, that he might be the firstborn prevent a person from qualifyingamong many brethren.'(Romans QUESfor the best in the hereafter.

8:29.) And again in Ephesians 1:5, "I fully believe in repentance as

'Having predestinated us unto the an essential part of life, also foradoption of children by Jesus TION giveness, but again we are faced

Christ to himself, according to the with that predestined end because good pleasure of his will,...'of our actions, whether right

or wrong. stress education "As so much, we ANSWERED BY

"Itit those appear would would appear, if we consider to me that who lack education or ability are our preexistence, that our ultimateindeed already assigned to a lesser JOSEPH end was known from the beginning—and I feel this is strengtheneddegree of glory because of this, FIELDING

and those who do not have the by the fact that whilst I personally advanced education of many, and I do not have the learning of a Vonthink of the pioneers in some reSMITH Braun, then I am not going to makespects, have already completed PRESIDENT OF the grade regardless of my efforts, their earth life, and thus regardless THE COUNCIL merely because my mental abilities of their faith and testimony are OF THE TWELVE are not as great as those mentioned.

destined for something less than "I would appreciate your comwhat they strived for. To have a ment on this matter."

answer: The passages in question are as follows: called: and whom he called, them he also justified:

"Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus and whom he justified, them he also glorified."

Christ, who hath blessed us with all spiritual blessings (Romans 8:2930.)

in heavenly places in Christ: It is very evident from a thorough study of the

"According as he hath chosen us in him before the gospel and the plan of salvation that a conclusion that foundation of the world, that we should be holy and those who accepted the Savior were predestined to without blame before him in love: be saved no matter what the nature of their lives

"Having predestinated us unto the adoption of must be an error. The gospel of salvation based on

children by Jesus Christ to himself, according to the faithfulness and obedience to the covenants and laws good pleasure of his will, of the gospel is definitely clear in the doctrines of our "To the praise of the giory of his grace, wherein he Lord and his inspired servants. Surely Paul never

hath made us accepted in the beloved."(Eph. 1:3-6.) intended to convey such a thought that in the pre-

"For whom he did foreknow, he also did predesexistence many were destined by divine decree to tinate to be conformed to the image of his Son, that be saved no matter what the nature of their mortal he might be the firstborn among many brethren. lives might be. This might have been one of the

"Moreover whom he did predestinate, them he also passages in Paul's teachings which caused Peter to

350 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA declare that there are in Paul's writings, "some things world was "formed."They had no doubt proved

hard to be understood, which they that are unlearned themselves by trial, and their integrity had been and unstable, wrest as they do also the other scripshown in the preexistent state. Therefore it is postures, into their own destruction."sible that Paul, knowing this to be the fact, could

We learn from a study of the plan of salvation with positiveness declare that there were some who that every soul was given the gift of free agency. It were "predestined"because God knew them and had

is a divine law—and a very just law. No man should the assurance that they would not fall.

be forced to choose the course which he may take. We learn something about the integrity of certain

Salvation can come to each soul in accordance with souls in the preexistence. Through the writings of

absolute freedom of the individual to act. There is Abraham we have learned much concerning them, and

no compulsion in the kingdom of God. Human beings it is possible that the Lord, knowing their integrity,

are not automatons. They have been given their set them apart to his work with the assurance that

freedom to believe, to serve, or disbelieve and rebel they would never fall. Such men were Adam, Enoch,

against the commandments of the Lord. Rewards Abraham, Moses, and a great many more through

come based on merit. Salvation is a free gift of God, the ages down to the Prophet Joseph Smith.

augmented by the atoning blood of his Beloved Son, "Now the Lord had shown unto me, Abraham, the but the laws of God are based on merit through intelligences that were organized before the world faithful adherence to the prescribed laws of God. was; and among all these there were many of the

These divine laws have been in existence through the noble and great ones;

eternities. They have been tried and tested and "And God saw these souls that they were good,

proved to be just. No man can obtain salvation withand he stood in the midst of them, and he said: These

out a thorough trial of faith and obedience to the I will make my rulers; for he stood among those that

principles of eternal truth which have been estabwere spirits, and he saw that they were good; and he

lished from the beginning for the salvation and exaltasaid unto me: Abraham, thou art one of them; thou

tion of mankind. wast chosen before thou wast born.

We may be sure that Paul never intended to convey "And there stood one among them that was like the thought that there had been exceptions made in unto God, and he said unto those who were with him:

the very beginning and that some men were destined We will go down, for there is space there, and we to be redeemed and saved in the kingdom of God will take of these materials, and we will make an without complying with the terms on which salvation earth whereon these may dwell;

is established. "And we will prove them herewith, to see if they

All of this being true can we not reach some conwill do all things whatsoever the Lord their God clusion that would be justifiable in relation to these shall command them;

statements of Paul? Verily, we can! Let us consider "And they who keep their first estate shall be added

these expressions more closely. Is it not the true upon; and they who keep not their first estate shall

meaning that those who were faithful in the prenot have glory in the same kingdom with those who existence were "predestined"to be "conformed"to the keep their first estate; and they who keep their second

image of his Son? In the very beginning we are estate shall have glory added upon their heads for

taught that man was "formed"in the image of God. ever and ever."(Abraham 3:2226.)

This is the definite statement in the book of Romans. The implication here is very clear that all were

Then we must not lose sight of the fact that the Father capable of keeping their first estate, but that there knew the faith and integrity of some of the "great would be many who would not do so. Therefore they

ones"who had been rulers in his kingdom before the were to receive rewards (Continued on page 390)

MAY 1963 351 South America.....land

BY A. THEODORE TUTTLE, of the first council of the

SEVENTY AND PRESIDENT OF THE SOUTH AMERICAN MISSIONS

When you hear the words "South year, a reminder that Antarctica is less than 500 miles

America,"what immediately comes away. Spanning the continent lengthwise on the

to your mind? Teeming jungles west are the Andes, rising to 22,835 feet above sea

filled with all species of plant and level. No mountain range is longer, and only the

animal life? Indians in native dress Himalayas are higher. But from the loftiest of these

selling pottery and rugs at a sidepeaks on the ChileanArgentine border one has to walk market? If these are your thoughts, you have travel only a few hours eastward by bus or train till

both a common and a very incomplete idea regarding he sees mile upon mile of flat or gently rolling grassthis vast continent. lands, stretching out into one of the world's richest

Actually, no one single description would suffice grazing areas.

for an area more than twice the width of the United The people of South America are no less diversified

States at its widest point and nearly twice as long; than the land itself. In some places, Bolivia, for

for example, in this land of diversity and contrasts example, the population is as high as 95 percent Indian is found a desert (the Atacama in Northern Chile) or mestizo. In others, such as Argentina (even though

hotter and drier than the Sahara. Rain almost never it borders with Bolivia), the people are nearly entirely

falls there. But just across the Andes Mountains is of European descent.

the Amazon Basin, the largest and one of the wettest Wealthwise South America has been a land of tropical rain forests in the world, through which the great contrasts. There are sufficient minerals, lumimposing Amazon River lazily weaves as it drains an ber, and land to place these countries among the

area threefourths the size of the United States. richest and most advanced on the globe, but in the

On the north the continent reaches well across past many of these resources usually have either the equator in a region where frost is unknown. On lain dormant or have been concentrated in the hands

the other hand, the southern extremes of Argentina of a few already wealthy land owners and businessand Chile are lashed by polar winds most of the men. Fortunately, improved transportation and

352 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I to r: rresiaent

Reinhold Stoof, Sister Ella Stoof,

Apostle Melvin J. Ballard,

midshipmanYoung J. L. Pratt, Vernon Sharp Rey

in Chilean work missionary where spot navy joins at the other Aaronie Priesthood in South America was dedicated, holders, all converts, December 25, 1925.

in administering Sacrament in Valparaiso, Chile. Apostle Melvin J. Ballard

at the ruins of Ollantaytambo, 1926.

An ancient Inca fortress city, it guarded the approach to Cuzco.

communication along with more upto-date means of farming and manufacturing are helping considerably to raise the standard of living in these countries, and some of them, notably Uruguay and Argentina, have developed a substantial middle class. The

cities today are consequently a curious compound of the old and the new. Hence one may see adobe huts

only a few blocks from modern skyscrapers, horses, or even oxcarts alongside the latest model automobiles, and doorto-door fruit salesmen competing with modern supermarkets for business.

But perhaps of greater importance to members of

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints,

South America is a land of church growth, a land of Zion with a rich history and a prophetic future.

This was part of the promised land to which the

Lord led Lehi and his colony, and where more than 40,000,000 of their full or partblooded descendents now live. It was the home of the Incas and still

ofProphecy and Promise

greater civilizations whose splendor once surpassed defied deeprooted tradition to separate the estabeven that of the Old World. Many of their ancient lished church from the state, providing an atmosphere

cities and highways remain today as monuments to of religious freedom and tolerance where the gospel the skill and high degree of civilization of this people. might later be successfully preached. This was all

Many of history's greatest dramas have here been necessary as a preparation for the fulfilment of even enacted, as recorded in the Book of Mormon, and greater prophecies in the years ahead.

Latterday Saints treasure the numerous archaeoNearly 2,400 years before, the Lord had granted to logical findings of South America as added testimony the Prophet Nephi a vision of his posterity in the of the truthfulness of that book. latter days. Nephi saw that eventually they would

Likewise, in the modern history of South America dwindle in belief and be driven by the gentiles on the hand of the Lord is unmistakably seen. When this land. History testifies to the literal fulfilment

Christopher Columbus first discovered the islands of of that prediction. But at the same time the Lord

the Caribbean and later landed on the northern coast promised Nephi that after his seed had been smitten of what is now Venezuela, he supposed that he had sufficiently long, they would finally regain their reached the East Indies. He remained under that former status as a civilized, educated, and chosen

illusion until the day he died, unaware that in reality people of the Lord. "And the gospel of Jesus Christ

he had been divinely led to a gem of much greater shall be declared among them; wherefore, they shall

value, a land described by God as "choice above all be restored unto the knowledge of their fathers, and other lands."More than 300 years later the same spirit also to the knowledge of Jesus Christ, which was had

which had led Columbus moved upon these young among their fathers.

South American countries to revolt and set up demo- "And then shall they rejoice, for they shall know cratic governments of their own against nearly that it is a blessing unto them from the hand of overwhelming odds. The same was true of the God; and their scales of darkness shall begin to fall

courageous leaders in several of these countries who from their eyes; and many generations shall not pass

MAY 1963 353

away among them, save they shall be a white and Presidency, and had requested that missionaries be delightsome people."(2 Nephi 30:5-6.) sent to their adopted lands.

After the death of the last of the Nephites around On September 3, 1925, President Heber J. Grant

400 AD, this prophecy went unfulfilled insofar as the announced that the First Presidency had had under nations of South America were concerned for more consideration for a year and a half the question of than 1400 years. Finally, in November of 1851, opening a mission in South America and had now

Parley P. Pratt, by appointment of the First Presiconcluded that the time had arrived to do this, and

dency, arrived in Valparaiso, Chile, accompanied by that one of the twelve should do it. He further

his wife, Phebe, and Rufus Allen, intent upon learning announced that Elder Melvin J. Ballard of the Counthe Spanish language and initiating the preaching of cil of the Twelve had been chosen and that he should

the gospel to the people of that land. take with him President Rulon S. Wells, who spoke

The people were found to be quite friendly and German, and President Rey L. Pratt (a grandson of

sociable, but "in general... devoted Catholics,"and Parley P. Pratt, and president of the Mexican Mission

preoccupied with the civil war raging in the country at this time), who spoke Spanish. The latter two

at the time. There was active opposition to the were members of the First Council of the Seventy.

president of the country by a group of insurrectionAnnouncement of this was made to the general ists; and while the missionaries were still in Chile, membership of the Church in the October conferthe rebels fought the bloodiest battle of the war with ence of 1925.

the loyal government forces. The uncertainty of this On December 6 Elders Ballard, Wells, and Pratt

explosive situation was a real handicap to Elder Pratt arrived in Buenos Aires and immediately cabled the and his group because their "new"religion had to First Presidency to that effect. They then called on

compete for public attention with the disturbing the mayor and other prominent officials and prepolitical topics of the day. sented their credentials.

These missionaries weren't fluent in the Spanish On December 12 they baptized six people in the language, and it was hard to find work enough to Rio de la Plata, all of German descent, who had presupport themselves. They finally decided to return viously known the gospel in their native land. Addihome and prepare for a more opportune time to tional ordinations and advancements in the priesthood

start the work there. As Elder Pratt recorded in a were taken care of at that time.

letter to President Brigham Young, written during On Christmas day the brethren were up at 5 am, the return trip, "On the second day of March (1852) left their quarters at 6 am, and arrived at the "3rd of we embarked on this ship bound for San Francisco, February Park,"an hour later. They held a meeting

without a sufficiency of the language to turn the in which all three spoke, and at that time Elder keys of the Gospel as yet to these nations. We stayed Ballard offered a prayer dedicating South America for

till all our means were exhausted and sought and the preaching of the gospel. After thanking the Lord

prayed diligently for our way to open; but we could for the privilege of being there, and asking for

neither speak the language sufficiently to preach the his blessings on the work in general, Elder BalGospel nor find any way to earn our living, so we lard continued:

found it necessary to return to California."But Elder "Bless the presidents, governors, and the leading

Pratt spoke in that same letter of a brighter day in the officials of these South American countries, that they future for the work of the Lord in South America, kindly receive us and give us permission to open the which would ultimately result in "the restoration of doors of salvation to the people of these lands. May

unnumbered millions of the house of Israel and of they be blessed in administering the affairs of their

Joseph—even of many nations extending over a large several offices, that great good will come unto the

and important portion of the earth,... knowing that people, and that peace may be upon these nations

God, who has said certain things, will cause those that thou hast made free through thy blessings upon things to be performed in due time."(Autobiography the valiant liberators of these lands, that righteousness

of Parley P. Pratt, pp. 397401.) may obtain a full liberty for the preaching of

Nearly seventyfive years were to pass away before thy gospel.

any further attempt would be made to introduce the "Stay the power of evil, that it shall not triumph gospel into South America. over thy work, but that all thine enemies shall be

During and prior to the year 1925, several Saints subdued and thy truth be triumphant.

immigrated from Germany to Buenos Aires, Argen- "And now, oh, Father, by authority of the blessing tina. Among them were the families of Kullick, and appointment of the President of the Church, and

Biebersdorf, Friedrichs, and Hoppe. These families by the authority of the holy apostleship which I have,

had been in touch, by correspondence, with the First I turn the key, unlock and open the door for the

MAY 1963 3S5 Best view lots in Caracas, as in Iguassu Falls, one of the tvorld's In Cuzco marketplace, twelve

Rio and other cities, are covered by slums great natural wonders, send plumes of thousand feet up in Peruvian Andes, whose squatter occupants look down on filmy mist over several descendants of oncemighty Inca empire wealthier citizens below. miles of Brazilian jungle. pose in hope of a small handout.

In distance, across typical In Asuncion, capital city of By contrast with grinding poverty redearth countryside of Brazilian interior, primitive Paraguay, corner drugstore elsewhere, lush resort hotel looks otit gleam buildings of Brazil's new consists of carefully chosen herbs, sold over Atlantic in historic vacation capital city, Brazilia. from marketplace street. city of Punta del Este, Uruguay.

mysterious ruins of Peru's Amid feet thousand Fourteen Asuncion, Paraguay, route betweenMain ancient refuge city Picchu, Indians live amid Machu Andes, Brazil, crosses up in Peruvian mighty Paulo, and Sao

Parana River this way. Paraguay has one physical beauty, but in illiterate, of Inca nobility, graze the aristocratic

hundred mile total of paved highways. hopeless poverty. alpaca, first cousin to the llama.

Typical of imaginative, Out on Argentine pampa, After twelve lunchless hours in

Brazilian is architecture President's 100year-old cattlebreeding estate gathering provides Andes greens Christmas for in Brazilia, Palace breathtaking living gracious political but for owners, sale, his young Colombian and donkey city carved new capital from wilderness. unrest is rife workers. among pleasant pose still manage camera. for

Half South of America's 29,000 Spine is of South LDS America towering Andes, Ancient looks cannon fort down from Church have members joined in stretching past two miles h,500 on to from Cape modern, Horn city prosperous of years. Here, at resort del Punta of Este, These Panama. peaks Central of Andes in Montevideo, capital tiny of Uruguay, enters new convert waters. over 21,000 Peru rise feet. most stable of South countries. American

Rio Janeiro, de built the hills on child, mother Andean and Symbolic of dynamic growth some ofand around is bay, ocean one world's weatherbeaten, of pause while herding areas is this South massive, America of cities.most beautiful is Here tiny view llamas, band staple of of newlycompleted in structure Rio,

city's onefrom of mountains. many life in these mountains. one largest world's office buildings. of

SOUTH AMERICAN MISSION PRESIDENTS Sterling Nicholayson C. Laird Snelgrove Ronald V. Stone

Andes Mission Argentine Mission North Argentine Mission

preaching of the gospel in these lands; and we do "Work will go slowly for a time just as an oak

bless and dedicate these nations of this land for the grows slowly from an acorn—not shoot up in a day

preaching of thy gospel. And we do all this that as does the sunflower that grows quickly and thus

salvation may come to all men, and that thy name dies. Thousands will join here; it will be divided

may be honored and glorified in this part of the land into more than one mission, and will be one of the of Zion."(Bryant S. Hinckley, Sermons and Missionary strongest in the Church. The work here is the smallServices of Melvin Joseph Ballard, p. 97.) est that it will ever be. The day will come when the

Quoting from Elder Ballard's own account, "After Lamanites here will get the chance. The South

the prayer we sang 'Praise to the Man.'Each of the American Mission is to be a power in the Church."

brethren spoke briefly concerning his mission there (Taken from J. Vernon Sharp's Diary.)

and his willingness to do his best to establish this A very significant occurrence happened the day of work, of the perfect love for each other and for the the arrival of Elder and Sister Reinhold Stoof and work of the Lord. A glorious spirit was present. Elders James Vernon Sharp and Waldo I. Stoddard.

They blessed each other and felt that as a result of As Elder Sharp relates it, "The date of our arrival, opening this mission, many Europeans in that land June 6th was a Sunday. We immediately went to

would receive the gospel; but that, ultimately, the the branch at 8968 Rivadavia Street where a meeting

work of the mission would be to the Indians. This was being held in which there were some German

was a momentous day. All were visibly affected. Saints and a few Argentine investigators. The meetTheir joy was expressed in tears."(Idem.) ing was being conducted by President Rey L. Pratt

Elder Wells had not been enjoying good health, since Elder Ballard had gone to meet us new missionand his problem was diagnosed as blood leakage, a aries. I was called first to give a talk in Spanish.

result of hardening of the arteries, and so, after President Pratt was to interpret the speech in English communication with President Grant, he was placed to President Stoof, who knew no Spanish, so that he, aboard the steamship American Legion for the return in turn, could give a German translation of the talk.

journey home. Apostle Ballard and President Rey L. No sooner did I begin to talk than Elder Stoof said

Pratt continued working diligently in the furtherance he understood perfectly every word that was being of the mission. said. When I finished talking, President Stoof arose

On June 6, 1926, four additional missionaries and gave a word for word translation of the talk in arrived, namely: Elder Reinhold Stoof; his wife, Ella; German. At the termination of the meeting, great

and Elders J. Vernon Sharp and Waldo Stoddard. was the surprise of the Spanishspeaking persons

Elders Ballard and Pratt were instructed by the First present when they found that Brother Stoof spoke no

Presidency to return home as soon as the new missionSpanish. To his dying day Elder Stoof spoke of this

aries arrived and were established in the work. day when he enjoyed the gift of tongues."

Shortly before his departure at a testimony meetIn those early days it was very difficult to make any ing held with the German Saints of Buenos Aires July significant progress in the work, because the adults 4, 1926, Elder Ballard issued the following prophetic were not interested. The missionaries finally disstatement: covered that by establishing Sunday Schools in the

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA William G. Bangerter Finn B. Paulsen A. Delbert Palmer J. Thomas Fyans

Brazilian Mission Brazilian South Mission Chilean Mission Uruguay Mission

various suburbs interest could be created among the Italian descent by the name of Domingo Guicci.

younger folk and eventually the parents would beBefore Elder Ballard's departure, he and Elder Sharp come interested. Elder Sharp tells of two related left a tract at the home of these humble people. Subevents which he considers the turning point in the sequently, just a few days later, both of the men were

establishment of the Church in South America: attacked, severely wounded, and robbed. They con-

"In the suburb of Liniers, there was a little Italian valesced for some time in the hospital and then regirl of perhaps 6 years of age, who came to Elder turned home to finish their convalescence. At that

Sharp one day and said that her mother and father time neither of the men could read, but Sister would not let her attend Sunday School. When asked Gianfelice could. She read to them from the tract, 'A

how it was that she was always in attendance, she Friendly Discussion,'and they became interested.

answered that she and her younger brother would Subsequently they were visited by Elders Ballard, go to her aunt's home and from there attend Sunday Pratt, Sharp, and Stoddard.

School with her cousins. She was advised that she "Elders Ballard and Pratt left for the United States

should first obey her parents, which she agreed to do. as the interest of these people was proceeding. Shortly

"A short time thereafter this she became violently thereafter it was learned that they were also investiill with a combination of measles and smallpox. She gating another church. The pastor of the other

became so ill on a Tuesday that she lost consciousness. church demanded a debate between himself and Elder

On Friday she returned to consciousness long enough Sharp. After much reluctance and conversation the

to recognize her mother and to say, 'What day is debate was agreed upon. When Brother Gianfelice

today?'Upon finding that it was Friday she said to took word back to the pastor, the pastor said, Til

her mother, 'On Friday the missionaries hold a meetbet you $10.00 that we win, for I am a native of the

ing at the home of Sister Molares and if I do not take country and Elder Sharp cannot have the knowledge flowers there the missionaries will wonder what is of the language that I have.'Brother Gianfelice said,

wrong.'Those were the last words uttered by Rosa 'There will be no debate, for there can only be one

before she passed away. Needless to say, this made a church, and we do not wager about something as

profound impression upon all of the family and neighsacred as which is the right church.'Subsequently

bors to think that the last thoughts of this little girl these people and their children were baptized. At

should be of the missionaries and their work. It was the present time Brother Antonio Gianfelice a son of

learned that because of their meager circumstances, Brother Donato Gianfelice, is First Counselor in the they could not afford to pay for a funeral and without Argentine "Mission Presidency. Two of his sisters

payment to the church to which they belonged there have served as missionaries."

could be no funeral; so the missionaries offered to After these baptisms the work progressed, though

conduct a funeral service, and, with the consent of slowly, as Elder Ballard had foretold. In 1935 Elder

the parents, did so. Ballard's prediction (that South America would be

"Among those impressed by the devotion of this divided into more than one mission) came true when little girl was a humble family of Italian descent by the mission was split into the Brazilian and Argenthe name of [Donato] Gianfelice, plus another man of tine missions. Further {Continued on page 394)

MAY 1963 359 Argentine Mission Argentine missionaries, and 50 local missionaries with assignments similar to those of stake missions.

Ravioli, pizza, and spaghetti represent the variety of "The ultimate goal is to have means and facilities foods often served in the Argentine Mission home of to dot the country with beautiful chapels and finally,

Buenos Aires. A melting pot of Europe's spiceful, temples."This statement made by W. Ernest Young,

intrinsic cultures, peoples, and religions, Argentina the first mission president of the then newly named has been host to the Mormon missionaries from the Argentine Mission, has been a constant challenge.

beginning of the South American Mission in 1925. Flourishing strides towards this predicted goal have

Since the arrival of Apostle Melvin J. Ballard and been realized by all succeeding presidents.

Elders Rulon S. Wells and Rey L. Pratt in Argentina, The first chapel, which had its beginning under

to dedicate that land and that of her neighbors for the President Young, was dedicated in 1939 by the secreceiving of the gospel, Buenos Aires has been a ond mission president, Frederick S. Williams, who also

central spot for proselyting activity for the South brought recognition and popularity from newspaper

American Mission, and upon its division ten years articles about the chapel dedication and from the mislater, W. Ernest Young arrived as mission president, sionary basketball team called "Los Mormones."

August 14, 1935, making this city the headquarters Several chapels have recently been dedicated. The

of the newly formed Argentine Mission. building missionary program has helped the Church

Missionaries have visited with great success the chapels in Argentina to soar high in production.

people who live in the thatched roof dwellings at This program calls local members to donate fulltime

Papagayos, San Luis, as well as those living in the labor for chapel construction.

modern capital city of Buenos Aires. Baptisms in Elder Henry D. Moyle, while addressing a conferTheArgentineMissions

1962 numbered 1,034 with an anticipated 1,500 ence in Rosario during his May 1956 Argentine visit, for 1963. said, "Now it took the Saints in Europe some one

Argentina has an unusual combination of the new hundred years to get ready for that temple [Swiss].

and modern with the very old and ancient. Italians, They had to get their genealogy, and I want to promise

Germans, French, English, Arabs, Greeks, Russians, you that the day will come when we will have a

Japanese, and many other peoples are represented temple in South America. And it will come just as

in greater or lesser degree, bringing to Argentina difsoon as the people here are ready for it."

ferences in mores, folkways, and religion. About The first missionaries soon found that every church

ninety percent of the Argentine people are of Eurothat engages in missionary activity is represented in pean origin, a little less than nine percent are mestizo Argentina. The state church is Roman Catholic and

(Indian and Spanish), and a little less than two percent is backed and financially supported by the governare of pure Indian descent. The older immigrants ment, but by no means is it the only denomination

usually prefer to continue speaking their native lanrepresented. The Jewish religion is second in size,

guage, but the younger generations speak "Castellano,"having over 400,000 members. With the existing

( Castilian Spanish, a dialect originating in the ancient freedom of religion, most Protestant groups did not

Spanish kingdom of Castile). find their beginnings in Argentina too difficult. The

The 1935 mission division left Argentina with Mormon Church, however, had some difficulty estabfourteen missionaries, 255 members of the Church, lishing itself.

and only one male member holding the Melchizedek In 1939, prewar tension ran high in Argentina,

Priesthood. Twentyeight years later, after fostering and the mission home was mistakenly raided on the

birth to three other missions—Chilean, Uruguayan, night of April 8th by thirteen policemen who thought

and North Argentine, the Argentine Mission proudly that the home was serving as a Nazi meeting center.

boasts 180 missionaries, 5,024 local members, 215 Under President and Sister James L. Barker, because

Melchizedek Priesthood members, 14 local fulltime of the outbreak of war, missionaries were gradually

360 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA released without replacements. Local members were left

with branch responsibilities and leadership.

President W. Ernest Young returned to guide the

Argentine Mission in 1944, and with him came two American missionaries from the Mexican Mission, who with the mission president's son, traveled extensively visiting members, blessing their children, and helping maintain the scattered branches until the elders began returning in 1946. During these lean years many members made

great sacrifices to further the Lord's work. One of these

r% jyl'4 w4 faithful members traveled as a district president hundreds 3*"4 of miles each month to prepare the Sacrament for the y* 'y*iy4 'members in his area. Upon the return of almost a hundred

elders, the mission began prospering rapidly.

arrested his wife were and President Harold Brown 'it1 arrival and, their in 1949; after soon false charges under toft****?

preach. to Making release, not ordered were upon

President Consulate, the to United States representations 4.fr,7"ir"}4r,\mftittfi * *,r'JiifrtiiwHiflvFj&t?", ni* the was receiving. treatment the Church protested Brown

7f* i,,i ''iny4>y y Yet many branches had to be closed, and President and

Sister Brown were threatened with expulsion from the

,'*'ii j.f'y

Despite many new Even during rush chapelliiifj i r i f* approaches, houseto-house building job in Argentina, trading is still a standby. work missionaries find

Fewer and fewer doors time for recreation.

are slammed, missionaries Note elders wishing they report. could join game.

Here in Lima, Peru, or anywhere in world, scene is the same as dedicated Sunday School teachers stir intense desire to learn among the children of the Church.

South America. The general showed considerable

knowledge of the Church. He opened the national

Cervantes theatre for the use of the Church, free of charge for conference meetings where large numbers of Saints gathered to listen to the prophet's messages.

The memory of President McKay's inspiring visit still dwells with the Argentine Saints.

Along with being a freedomloving people, the

Argentines are very loyal and national minded. Almost all Argentine people, though foreignborn or

born of foreign parents, proudly claim to be Argentine.

Argentina is a country of contrasts with climates ranging all the way from the frigid zones of Tierra del Fuego (Land of Fire) in the south to the almost tropical climates of Jujuy in the north.

The Argentine people are perhaps among the best educated of all the South American countries. In

the 1962 elections only onetenth of the adult population that voted were illiterate, according to a leading

Argentine newspaper. (Voting is required for citizens

to the gospel. There are preach ways ways and

quartet (top) hit in of age 22 or above, and failure to do so is punishable been has smashUruguayan Mission television, other appearances, has attracted many inquiries. by a fine.) In Argentina great respect is shown the

trade scripture learn and And young work missionaries teacher, and a formal greeting is given daily. Unirises outskirts alike as chapel on of

Buenos Aires. Chapel work also forms (pinafores and suits) are worn daily, and

brings investigators. students stand when called upon to recite, answer

questions, or when a teacher enters the room. Argencountry. Government offices refused to register the tine youths are wellinformed on most subjects and are

Church, thus making its function illegal. Missionaries particularly interested in the study of other countries

began to encounter visa problems and, in some cases, and people.

were ordered to leave the country. Finally, proper Domingo F. Sarmiento, father of the Argentine

status was obtained by the Church and due registraeducation program, traveled throughout the United tion established. States and Europe in 184547, studying the then modThrough effective use of athletic and musical proern educational systems. He established in his

grams, prejudice against the Church was lessened, own country normal schools, colleges, and a naand the missionaries gained the confidence of the tional observatory.

people. A Mormon quartet, a mission orchestra, and During the revolution in the early 1800's the Span-

a mission chorus brought new investigators to LDS iards fought hardest around the border area of religious programs. Argentina and Brazil, but with the aid and courage

Stephen L Richards, the first apostle to visit Argenof the gauchos (Argentine cowboys) the fight for tina after Apostle Ballard, brought good publicity and freedom was won.

respect for the Church into the Argentine nation in Almost every country has its "Washington."

1948. One Argentine newspaper noted, "Apostle Argentina had a great liberator that Washington

Richards has a noble venerable appearance, adequate would have been proud to know, Don Jose de San of his high dignity."Martin. He was a man enthusiastic not only for the

In the early months of 1947 local missionaries were freedom of his own country, but for his neighbors as called and assigned to proselyte in Montevideo, well, and through the Uspallate Pass he gave needed

Uruguay, then a branch of the Argentine Mission, aid to Chile and Peru. To do this he crossed the Andes,

which in August of 1947 became a separate mission. a feat much more difficult than that of Hannibal or

General Juan D. Peron, then Argentine president, Napoleon crossing the Alps. As a general his sterling

was visited personally by President McKay while in character and ability (Continued on page 388)

362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ChileanMissionsAndes& Of the first attempt to introduce the gospel message mission in Argentina, was assigned by the First to South America in pioneer times, Elder B. H. Presidency to make a survey for the Church in Bolivia

Roberts has written: "Elder Pratt... went to Chile, and Peru. This he did between April 25 and June 25,

accompanied by his wife and Elder Rufus Allen. The 1927; his report indicated that the time was not yet

missionaries took up their residence in Valparaiso, ripe for the Church to establish a mission in these where they remained several months; and resided nations.

about one month forty miles in the interior. But It was in Chile, where Elder Parley P. Pratt of the

owing to a revolution then in progress in Chile, the reCouncil of the Twelve first tried to open the gospel striction of the laws as to religious freedom, but little door, where the work awakened after a lapse of one could be accomplished and the missionaries returned hundred years. In 1952, William Fotheringham, and

to California in May, 1852."(A Comprehensive His- a member of the Church, moved to Santiago, the

tory of the Church, 4:70.) capital of Chile, with his family. He soon had letters

It has been believed for some time that the two written expressing his belief that missionaries would

General Authorities, Elders Melvin J. Ballard and find the field fruitful.

Rey L. Pratt, visited Chile as they opened up the work Chile has mineral deposits similar to those in Utah.

in 192526. A careful rechecking of their trip indiIt is only natural that some Utahns, over the years,

cates that they came down the Atlantic by ship to would go to Chile to help develop mining interests.

Buenos Aires in 1925, and upon their return journey One such family was the E. L. Folsoms, who were in

they visited LaPaz, Bolivia, and Mollendo, Peru, but Chile from 1928 to 1944. There was no organization

did not visit the land of Chile, which paradoxically is of the Church there. What they did was unofficial,

one of the oldest and the newest missions of but Sister Folsom recalls from her Salt Lake City the Church. area home that she organized a Primary, (she had

A year later, Elder J. Vernon Sharp, on his way formerly been a member of the Primary General

home, after having completed his South American Board) and the members sang all the songs in

MAY 1963 363 New apartment building Picturesque thatched house on Copacabana beach, Rio de Janeiro, in Vina del Mar, Chile, overthe water's edge, Amazon River, Brazil. Skyscraper apartments with

looking beach, with Valparaiso Manaus, Brazil, in a land of mosaic sidewalks ring the gleaming harbor in distance. natural scenic splendor. sand of beach.

Gold ceremonial knives, 12th century, from The unfinished cathedral Beautifully situated in quiet surPeruvian tombs (National Museum, Lima). at Brazilia, new capital of Brazil. roundings, this lovely building serves

The ancient Andean artisans stand high The architecture at Brazilia as the headquarters of the Brazilian among the great metal workers. is extremely modern. South Mission in Ciiritiba, Parana.

Native Peruvian woman Sao Paulo, Brazil, with A 11 brandies participated %nd baby at rock of the twelve its modern skyscrapers. The skyline of in fourday youth conference at

ingles, part of a famous Sao Paulo reminds one formation of Chilean Mission,

Inca temple. of New York City. October 1961.

Textiles from the Paracas culture, Gaucho is the name One of the nine churchowned buildings

Peru, AOO BC to UOO AD given to the South American cowboy. in the Chilean Mission, the San

The ancient Peruvians were among These men ride with the herds and are Miguel chapel serves the needs of the greatest weavers known. famed for their horsemanship. members in Santiago, Chile.

The two bowlshaped buildings are Valparaiso, Chile, is built Foiir elders stand in the archway the Senate and the House of Representatives. upon twentyeight hills, each ofthe mission home in Curitiba.

The tall structures are the government overlooking the beautiful The business district of the city offices at Brazilia, Brazil. crescent bay. is seen in the distance.

Huacos, or water jugs, Paracas culture, Capitol Building from Machu Picchu Inca ruins,

UOO BC to WO AD. The ancient peoples picturesque Veinte cinco de Mayo Peru. President Tuttle met all South

of the Andes rate high in production of (25th of May Street), Buenos. American mission presidents and

excellent highgrade pottery. Aires, Argentina. wives near here, June 1962.

Spanish and had a wonderful time doing it.

During a Latin American tour, President David O. McKay and his party

spent the day of February 9, 1954 in Santiago, Chile. There they were the guests

of the Fotheringhams—believed to be the only members of the Church in Chile.

On February 10 the presidential party was in Lima, Peru, visiting and encouraging the small group of Saints which had come together in that country.

On June 23, 1956, under the direction of President Lee B. Valentine of the

Argentine Mission, two elders were sent to Santiago to start the missionary work in that land. The Fotheringham home was open to them and became their

base of operations. Meanwhile a letter dated April 9, 1956 from the First Presidency recommended that two missionaries be sent to Lima, Peru. Brother Frederick S. Williams had sent the plea: "How could we arrange to have our little

Mormon group come under the mission?"

President Henry D. Moyle, then a member of the Council of the Twelve,

arrived in Santiago July 4, 1956 to explore the possibility of accelerated missionary work. During his stay he blessed both the land and the people in fervent prayer

and prophecy that the missionary work would prosper.

That week also took Elder Moyle and his party to Lima, Peru. Here he met

with government officials, as he had done in Chile, and in an appropriate religious service gave the land and the people of Peru much the same blessing and prophetic utterance as he had in the neighboring land.

The first Sunday School was held in Lima, July 8, 1956, at the home of

Frederick S. Williams. Characteristically, the singing included "Joseph Smith's

Wet and cold and thrilled The Ministry of Education to the core with their baptism, Building in downtown three daughters of humble Chilean Lima, Peru.

worker emerge from surf Across the street is at Vina del Mar, Chile. the University of San Marcos,

Chilean Mission is one of one of the oldest universities fastestgrowing in Church. in America.

First Prayer,"and "The Spirit of God Like a Fire and twenty in Peru. There were nearly five hundred

Is Burning."members in Chile and approximately three hundred

That Sabbath evening at 5:30 the Lima Branch of in Peru. Chile had seven branches at this time and

the Church was organized at the home of Charles Peru five. Statistics indicated that a convert came

Howard Shaw under the direction of Elder Moyle. into the Church after less time spent by missionaries

Two other great hymns were sung: "Now Let Us here than they had done in the parent mission areas.

Rejoice"and "We Thank Thee, O God, for a In 1959, the Church owned chapels both in Chile

Prophet."Elder Williams was set apart as branch and Peru. Elder Lee announced that while the mispresident with Elder Stanley A. Moore and Elder sion headquarters would be at Lima, the Providencia

Shaw as counselors. The branch consisted of the Branch in Santiago would serve as a second mission

Williams, Moore, Shaw, and Wells Allred families. home and the headquarters for the Chilean District.

The first branch of the Church in Chile was organThe Andes Mission was the fiftieth mission funcized in an area of Santiago called Nunoa. Thirteen tioning in the Church. It was known as the longest

North American members of the Church living in the mission in the Church, stretched from rugged iceneighborhood attended the first meeting. Later, on capped regions of southern Chile where the penguins

November 25, 1956, Ricardo Garcia, Isidro Soldano, live, northward for some fortytwo hundred miles his wife, a niece, and Sally Lanzarotti and her two chilto the ancient ruins of Cuzco and Machu Picchu dren were baptized and became the first Chilean memalong the sand mountains of Peru. It also had the

bers of the Church. highest chapel in the Church, at Toquepala, Peru, at

Shortly thereafter the Providencia Branch was also nine thousand feet elevation. Other extremes were

organized at Santiago. This is a beautiful city of noted—the ruins of the very old civilizations besides

over two million residents. The setting is picturesque; the beautiful modern cities of today, and the fact

not more than twenty miles away, and in clear view, that southern Chile enjoyed fifty to sixty inches of the Andes Mountains soar to heights of more than rain each year (water experts say that twenty inches twenty thousand feet. The first missionaries in Sanwill make irrigation unnecessary) while Lima, Peru,

tiago must have felt quite humble as they contemwas a city where it never rained. From June to

plated their awesome and magnificent surroundings. October, however, there is a foggy season at Lima

Branches were also opened in the important cities of when a mist makes the ground wet, but even then

Concepcion, Vina del Mar, and Valparaiso, Chile. umbrellas are unnecessary.

In April 1959, Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Lima, capital of Peru, was from its founding in

Council of the Twelve visited both Chile and Peru 1534 until the independence of the South American during his tour of the South American missions. An republics in the early nineteenth century, the capital

announcement was soon forthcoming from the First of Spanish South America. The wide and fertile

Presidency that a new mission would soon be formed, plains on which Lima stands, on both sides of the taking Peru from the jurisdiction of the Uruguayan Rimac River, slope gently to the sea. The Andes,

Mission and Chile from the Argentine Mission to whose crest is within one hundred miles, send their make what would be the new Andes Mission. Bolivia foothills almost to the gates of the city. Prescott,

was added to the mission later. the historian of Latin America, wrote: "Amidst the

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council of the Twelve woe and destruction which Pizarro and his followers

flew to South America to organize two missions, the brought on the devoted land of the Incas, Lima, the

Brazilian South and the Andes. Speaking at the orbeautiful city of the kings, survives as the most

ganizational session in Lima on November 1, 1959, glorious work of his creation. The fairest gem on

he said: "In my judgment there are no missions in the shores of the Pacific."The city is the seat of the

the world which hold so much promise as the missions University of San Marcos, the oldest in the New of South America."World chartered in 1551.

Elder James Vernon Sharp of Salt Lake City had At 10:45 the morning of January 13, 1960, the first

been named president of the Andes Mission in an of a series of severe earthquakes was felt in Arequipa, announcement on July 14, 1959. He was the elder, Peru.

who more than thirty years previously, had made the Very severe earthquakes occurred in southern Chile survey of Bolivia and Peru for the First Presidency on May 21 and 22. All missionaries were reported

in regards to the opening of missionary activity. safe, and while some members had homes that were

At the time of the formation of the Andes Mission badly damaged, none were killed or injured.

there were twentyfive missionaries laboring in Chile President Sharp called (Continued on page 392)

MAY 1963 367 *S"% l& 3 **#&2 ->, '"''IF I

i.*">*V>JK*>. *&

a4i I! at 4,

IFj

COMPRISING

URUGUAY AND PARAGUAYUruguayan Mission

The Uruguay Mission presents the contrast that is than missionaries, yet this mission is only fifteen

South America. Here is Uruguay, smallest of the years old.

South American republics, proud of its educational The first contact between the Church and the people attainment and enjoying a high degree of personal of Uruguay began in January 1940 when Rolf Larson, liberty, populated by those of European descent, a an Argentine missionary, was chosen to represent land of grassy plains and ample coast line, its Argentina in the South American basketball chamboundaries settled, its government well established. pionship tournament in Montevideo. His outstanding

In contraposition is Paraguay, landlocked, inhabited play and sportsmanship—and the fact that he was a

mostly by those of Indian descent, a land of plateaus, Mormon missionary—was heralded by the press and

lowlands, and highlands, a land whose boundaries tourney fans. He generated so much interest that

are still in dispute. the president of the Argentine Mission, Frederick S.

The Uruguay Mission includes three countries: Williams, took his secretary and went to Montevideo

Uruguay, Paraguay, and a small section of Argentina, with an ample supply of tracts.

Mesopotamia. The LDS mission headquarters is It wasn't until four and a half years later, July 25,

located in Montevideo, the palmlined capital of 1944, however, that the first branch, the Montevideo

Uruguay overlooking the estuary of the Rio de la Branch of the Argentine Mission was organized. At

Plata. The language is Spanish. The average number this time, all male members of the new branch were

of missionaries is 176. Church membership is either employed by the US government or the Urunear 7,000. guayan government. (Uruguay did not take an active

Today there are thirtysix branches in the Uruguay part in either World War I or II, but broke off relaMission and twenty churchowned buildings within tions with Germany in October 1917 and with the the mission confines. Nine more chapels are currently Axis powers in 1942.)

under construction. There were 1,669 baptisms durAs government workers, the branch members were

ing 1962. Most branches are staffed by natives rather able to make contacts with high officials and prepare

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the way for the opening of the Uruguay Mission.

President Williams, after his release as Argentine Mission president, was subsequently employed by the US government in

Montevideo, and was made president of the first Montevideo branch in 1944. Later he returned to the United States. In

1947 he was called as the first president of the new Uruguay

Mission. Here he was greeted by the only remaining church

members in the country—Mrs. Jeanne Seguin de Argault and her

two daughters who had previously joined the Church in their native France. Those members employed in government service

had either returned to the United States or been transferred at the conclusion of the war.

President Williams immediately rented a mission home; missionaries arrived; and the work was pushed forward. By December

of that year there were four branches and twentyfour missionaries in Montevideo. Early members recall that meetings in the four

branches were so arranged that one could attend all branches—

thereby keeping the attendance from looking too sparse. One

group used the mission car to go to all meetings.

The official name of Uruguay is the Oriental Republic of

Uruguay, but locally it is often referred to as Banda Oriental (Eastern Bank) in reference to its position on the Uruguay River.

Gleaming new complex of church buildings at Montevideo includes, far left, Uruguayan Mission home, also South American Mission headquarters of Pres. A. Theodore Tuttle. At left,

strolling treeshaded walks, are children of President and Sister Tuttle.

The population consists chiefly of people of Spanish and Italian descent, Brazilian, Argentine, and French immigrants, as well as a few from Great Britain and Germany. Other nationalities are few.

Uruguay is an agricultural country whose main exports are wheat, corn, oats, barley, meat, animal products, and wool.

Together with Buenos Aires of Argentina, Uruguay obtained its independence from Spain in 181114, later revolted from Brazil in 1825 and was recognized as an independent state in 1828.

Paraguay, whose boundary with Bolivia in the Chaco region is still in dispute, was first opened to missionary work in 1948 when the first convert to the Church was baptized in the capital city of Asuncion. The conversion was a result of former missionaries in government service.

In 1948 a handsome twostory mission home was purchased for $43,500, and in 1954 President David O. McKay set the cornerstone of the mission's first chapel—the Deseret Chapel in Montevideo. His greeting by the missionaries and friends caused him

to say, "What a marvelous demonstration of the missionary work in this mission that has been opened only six years."His visit

was hailed by the press and high government officials.

One year later Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council of the

Twelve visited the mission and dedicated the chapel, laid the cornerstone for another, the Rodo Branch chapel, and broke ground

for a third, the Treinta y Tres chapel, the first to be Much attention has been attracted to the missionconstructed in the interior. ary effort through the mission's sports program. An

On his visit in 1956, President Henry D. Moyle athletic club, the Club Deseret, participates in the

then a member of the Council of the Twelve Apostles Uruguay sports program (sports are carried on by dedicated Rodo chapel and the Treinta y Tres chapel clubs, not schools), and has been so successful that and reviewed plans for new chapels in Isla Patrulla, in the streets the children cry "Deseret"instead of

Rocha, and Durazno—all wellequipped to carry on "Los Mormones"and Deseret has become synonythe activities of a completely organized ward, having mous with good sportsmanship and winning teams.

classrooms, offices, chapels, cultural halls, kitchens, As an example, the Club Deseret softball team and basketball courts. entered eight tournaments and won all eight. Several

President Moyle's. visit to this mission provided players were picked to play on allstar teams and in

many of the Saints their first view of an apostle international competition. One elder was named the

of the Lord. country's outstanding player.

In 1959 Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council Music, an important factor in the mission, has

of the Twelve visited the mission. He traveled extengreatly helped in the mission's rapid growth. It is

sively throughout the interior, attended youth and effective through its use in firesides, dances, and district conferences, appeared on television, and was special programs presented by the mission's choruses, seen and heard by more members and nonmembers orchestras, cowboy and bottle bands. "One thing I

than any prior visiting General Authority. know,"related John Candeau, editor of one of the

There have been five presidents of the Uruguay country's leading newspapers, to President McKay

Mission. The father of the mission was Frederick S. during his 1954 visit, "is that your people sing very

Williams (194751), who laid the groundwork for the well—and not just religious songs. I've heard the

mission's future growth. He was followed by Lyman programs and choral presentations on radio, and they

S. Shreeve (195155). President Shreeve was called are very fine. Many people would like to be Mormons

"the constructor"for his spiritual building and also only from having heard your choruses sing."

for the great material construction of buildings that In Uruguay the press is relatively free and is gentook place. Frank D. Perry (195557) became mission erally friendly to the Latterday Saints. A folder on

president in September of 1955 and brought with Mormonism was recently added to a portfolio on him an intensive campaign of effective proselyting Latterday Saints and given to every newspaper in work that resulted in twice the number of baptisms the mission. Newspapers also receive a weekly news

during 1956 than during the previous year. In Febrelease, including branch news to local papers. Records

ruary of 1958 Arthur M. Jensen (195860) was made of the Tabernacle Choir programs are being used by

mission president. He began the movement toward the two largest radio stations in Uruguay. Television

local leadership, completed existing construction, and programs are underway for interviews with missaw three new chapels erected. sion officials and singing by the Montevideo

President J. Thomas Fyans arrived in time to tour Mormon Choir.

the mission with visiting President Joseph Fielding As with all missions, the Uruguay Mission is pointSmith and Elder A. Theodore Tuttle, who later being toward bigger and better things. Baptismal

came president of the South American missions. Soon emphasis has changed from baptisms a month to

after his arrival, President Fyans completed the baptisms a week. Missionaries now talk in terms of

change over in branch presidencies from missionary to family baptisms rather than individual baptisms. One

local leadership. It was a difficult but successful of the missionaries'goals is to record several 500step. To train the local leaders, President Fyans baptism months this year.

holds general leadership meetings for branch and In this, the missionaries use extensive help from the district presidents every six months in Montevideo, members. It is the members who take complete

prepares a weekly packet for all officers of announcecharge of the conversion. It is the members who make

ments and information, and conducts a study course the contacts, bring the investigators to the chapel for for the branch and district president's manual. teaching, and carry out the fellowshiping. The misPresident Fyans followed his local leadership move sionaries'job is to teach.

with a master plan for stakehood in Montevideo and The full scope of the program in the Uruguay Misthen in the interior. His "six steps to stakehood"sion is aimed at giving all members of the Church,

and "five steps of priesthood progress,"he feels, active or inactive, new or old, equal opportunity to applied systematically, will lead to stakes in the progress under the programs of the Church toward

Uruguay Mission. exaltation in the kingdom of God.

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Twin buildings, one for each house of Brazilian parliament, are framed in dramatic pillars of Executive Building.

Bold concept of Brasilia has startled world.Brazilian Missions

Brazil, the largest country in South America and the Brazil and most of them speak the Portuguese lanfifth largest in the world, covers almost as much terriguage, making it the most widely spoken language in tory as the entire continent of Europe. It also South America.

comprises about onehalf of the South American Under the Brazilian Constitution, patterned after continent. The map shows that all the states of the Constitution of the United States, Brazil is a

South America, with the exception of two, Chile and federation of twentyone states, five territories, and

Ecuador, border on Brazil. one Federal District. Freedom of worship is granted

The name Brazil appeared on various early maps in all the states.

as an island in the Atlantic Ocean before South More than four centuries of amalgamation and

America was discovered. The Portuguese, led by assimilation of Brazil's racial elements have produced

Pedro Alvares Cabral, discovered this country on a distinct culture and nationality. All the basic stocks

April 22, 1500. Cabral called the area VERA CRUZ into which the human family is divided—Indian,

(True Cross), a name that eventually changed to Caucasian, Negro, and Asiatic—are represented in

Brazil, after the red dyewood pan brasil ( brazilwood ) Brazil's population, estimated at 70,000,000 and growwhich was exported by the early Portuguese settlers. ing at a rate of a million a year. Especially the white

The Amazon River, flowing through this broad people, comprising about seventyfive percent of the country, is the largest river system in the world, and southern states, made up mostly of European immiit drains the most extensive tropical forest lands grants, are increasing with marked rapidity. One of

known. Brazil ranks first among the LatinAmerican the prime factors lending to this unusual growth is

states in natural resources and industries, producing the fact that the southern states of Brazil enjoy a more coffee and iron ore than any other country in topography and climate similar to the European counthe world. It is also one of the world's largest protries, the home lands of millions of Brazilians.

ducers of corn and cotton.- Missionary work in South America had its beginning

About half the people of South America live in in 1929 when South American Mission President ReinMAY 1963 371 hold Stoof labored among the Germanspeaking people of South America. Two years later, October 25,

1931, with six elders and ninetyeight members and investigators in attendance, President Stoof dedicated the "first Churchowned chapel in South America."

In 1955 this building was remodeled and improved, and a large recreation hall was added to the existing building. During his tour of the Brazilian Mission in

1956, in a conference at Joinvile, President Henry D.

Moyle dedicated this new addition.

On February 9, 1935, the First Presidency of the

Church announced that the South American Mission was to be divided and that the new mission would be called the Brazilian Mission, presided over by

Elder Rulon S. Howells; accordingly, on May 15th

of that year, President Howells and his family arrived in Brazil and established headquarters in Sao Paulo, today a thriving metropolis of four million people, mostly of European blood.

Sao Paulo is said to be one of the fastestgrowing cities in the world. Even though Sao Paulo is some

Top: The llama is an important domestic animal in Peru

providing transportation, wool, meat, and leather for the native

Indians. Above: June 1926, after the baptism of the first

Spanishspeaking convert in South America.

L to r: J. Vernon Sharp, Rey L. Pratt, Rogelia Molares,

Eladia Sifuentes (convert), Melvin J. Ballard,

Ella Stoof, Reinhold Stoof. Below: Architect's drawing of

Sao Paulo Branch chapel, Brazilian South Mission.

400 years old, it gives the appearance of a modern metropolis with its gleaming skyscrapers faced in pastel colored tiles.

During the first years of this mission, most of the gospel teaching was among the Germanspeaking people, since there were no tracts or books yet available in the Portuguese language.

To the surprise of some of the elders, they began finding a few LDS people from Europe who had for years lost contact with the Church. It was a joyous

day when these people met. At one meeting in a faroff district, a stranger entered the service during the

opening hymn. He took from his pocket a hymnbook

and joined vigorously in the singing, saying later that this was his first LDS service in a score or more years.

On January 6, 1936, some six months after President Howells arrived, three converts were baptized, an adult and two children, the first baptisms of the

Brazilian Mission.

On the coming July 3, the elders prepared the first edition of a mission publication called the Brazilonian, a missionary newsletter which proved helpful, especially to the elders. It was printed in English and

German. It was gradually improved and enlarged, to learn that 4,000 copies of the Book of Mormon

changing its name to A Gaivota (meaning sea gull) in were then coming from the press.

1948, and since 1951 has been known as A Liahona, The visit of President David O. McKay and his

published entirely in the Portuguese language. wife to this mission in January 1954 was an outstandOne of the most important events of 1937 was the ing and memorable event for the members and

commencement of the Book of Mormon translation missionaries in Brazil. They received wide publicity

into the Portuguese language under the direction of by the press during their threeday stay, meeting

Elder Daniel G. Shupe who had previously filled a government officials and making a favorable impresmission to France and had been living in Rio de sion. Members of meagre means came in from disJaneiro for several years. The next year the elders tant branches, and many slept on the benches and

brought from the press, May 20, 1938, The Joseph floor of the Sao Paulo chapel, to hear the prophet

Smith Story. And two years later, March 15, 1940, of the Lord speak to them and to shake his hand. His

to the great joy of the converts, three thousand copies words brought much comfort and encouragement to of the Book of Mormon began coming from the press. the Saints, and tears of joy streamed down the

In 1938 the elders began more intensive work on cheeks of many.

learning the Portuguese language. A Germanspeaking While visiting in Rio de Janeiro, President McKay

elder and a Portuguesespeaking elder were assigned approached the renowned 200 foot statue of Christ, as companions and were thus able to converse with with its arms outstretched and overlooking the most almost all of the people they met. During World beautiful harbor in the world, and he repeated, "Come

War II and thereafter the Brazilian government prounto me all ye that are weary and heavy laden and hibited the use of German, and gradually the Brazilian take my yoke upon you, and I will give you rest...."

Mission became a Portuguesespeaking mission. When He remarked that this was a tribute to the Brazilian

World War II broke upon this country in 1943, all children whose pennies paid for erection of the statue.

missionaries were returned home, but three years In December of the same year Elder Mark E.

later, the first elders returned, May 15, 1946. Petersen and his wife toured extensively throughout

On March 8, 1948, Elder Stephen L Richards of the the mission, leaving their testimonies to strengthen

Council of the Twelve, accompanied by his wife, the elders and the Saints. The press televised their

arrived in the Brazilian Mission, giving strength to the arrival at the airport and gave them favorable elders and the Saints. This was the first visit from a writeups in the newspapers.

General Authority to this mission. The next year, On July 22, 1955, the Saints broke ground for the

March 1949, the Church acquired a beautiful mission chapel in the highlands of Ipomea. This chapel was

home in Sao Paulo. It was this year, also, that the designed by one of the missionaries, and the memfirst two fulltime lady missionaries arrived in the bers brought in their oxteams and quarried the

mission. In November of that year great interest was rock from the mountains for the foundation.

aroused by the visit of the U of U basketball team, The visit of Elder Henry D. Moyle and his wife to

and since they were champion players and mostly this mission in 1956 was significant. Brother Moyle

Mormons, their visit aided the elders and converts told a large gathering of missionaries that from that and the "cause of Zion."time forth there would be a great spiritual awakening

During the winter of 194950, 3,000 copies of the among the people, to which the missionaries later

Doctrine and Covenants in the Portuguese language testified. Heeding the advice and counsel of Brother

came from the press, and on June 10, 1950, the BrigMoyle and the other authorities who had preceded ham Young University "Stellar Mormon"basketball him, the missionaries felt the Spirit of the Lord team aroused much favorable comment, not alone working through them and on the hearts of the from their success upon the floor, but also from the Brazilian people. Baptisms that year reached 377,

sterling quality of the players. It was announced that which doubled any previous year. It was at this

it was a strange thing to see a whole group of young time also that A Marvelous Work and a Wonder by men at public dinners partaking of neither coffee nor Elder LeGrand Richards was printed, making it postea nor tobacco nor alcoholic drinks. Each evening sible for this book to be put into the hands of

during halftime, an accompanying elder spoke to the Portuguese readers. Baptisms the following year

crowded house, explaining "the Mormon way of jumped to 503, making a total of 2,413 in this mission, life."Newspapers and magazines ran pictures and having 115 elders. During this period of increased

favorable reports. conversions, numerous pieces of property were ac-

A year later, March 27, 1951, the Saints were happy quired for chapel sites. In February of 1958 the

MAY 1963 373 mission held its first youth conference, and it also courage to the missionaries and the Saints. The

published the Articles of Faith by Elder James E. chapel was dedicated February 13, 1962, with more

Talmage. than a thousand Saints present. Just prior to PresiIn February 1959, Elder Spencer W. Kimball met dent Smith's visit to this mission, Secretary Ezra Taft

with the Saints in a oneday stopover conference Benson also was in Brazil representing the US governwhile he was on his way to visit the Uruguay Mission. ment. In April 1962, the new mission home at Sao

But on his return, March 7, he carried on an impressive Paulo was dedicated, having been under construction tour of the mission, greeting the Saints and encouragbut a year.

ing the elders. He also dedicated the Ipomea chapel, A report of the Brazilian Mission of June 20, 1962,

a colony deep in the interior of southern Brazil, and states that "a 10,000 copy edition of the Book of the next month the mission broke all former records Mormon was printed in 1960, and a 40,000 copy edifor baptisms. tion is now being prepared. Seven thousand copies

In September of the same year, under the direction of the Doctrine and Covenants and Pearl of Great of the First Presidency, Elder Harold B. Lee and his Price were published in 1960."

wife arrived in Brazil, to divide the Brazilian Mission. Statistics of the Brazilian Mission of December 31,

Asael T. Sorensen and his family accompanied them 1962 show a membership of 6,747 with 2,132 baptisms

to Brazil, where Elder Sorensen was installed as for the year. It has 43 branches, 13 churchowned

president of the newly created Brazilian South buildings, and two other chapels under construction.

Mission. That Brazilian South Mission, with headThe Brazilian South Mission at its organization,

quarters in Curitiba, now is comprised of over 40 September 20, 1959, had eleven branches with 1,100 branches, and all of the auxiliaries have been members, nine Primaries, seven Relief Societies, nine organized proportionately. MIA's, and eleven Sunday Schools. The cities in this

Sao Paulo remained the headquarters of the Bramission had an average of twenty to thirty thousand zilian Mission, which has an area of about 3,062,160 inhabitants. At their organization meeting, Elder

square miles and a population of around 55,000,000. Harold B. Lee had prophetically declared that the

Missionary work, however, is carried on primarily in one state of Rio Grande do Sul where they were the southern area. seated in conference would become a separate misGreat distances and inadequate means of comsion, and every member of the Church that heard these

munication have not prevented the progress and ringing words believed them wholeheartedly, and the growth of this mission. Consider this obstacle, Sao Saints were determined to work and pray energetiPaulo, the Brazilian Mission headquarters, is as far cally toward its fulfilment.

from Becife, a branch in the northern state of PernamThese elders and Saints were not to be left alone buco, as California is from Kansas City. to work and pray, for in the fall of 1960 President

Reports reveal that immediately upon the division Joseph Fielding Smith and Sister Jesse Evans Smith of the Brazilian Mission, the various branches expeand President A. Theodore Tuttle of the First Council

rienced a decided upturn in baptisms and stability. of the Seventy came and gave added encouragement.

Each mission as rapidly as could be done established These visitors left joy and testimonies all through local member leadership in as many branches as this mission. President Smith presided at groundpossible. Directing boards for supervising the Aaronic breaking ceremonies in Londrina (an interior city),

and Melchizedek Priesthoods were formed as well as and also in the cities of Ponta Grossa and Porto boards for the Relief Society, Primary, Sunday School, Alegre. Leading government officials were present

the genealogical committee, and the MIA. At Sao on each of these occasions. It was during these days

Paulo contracts were signed the last week in Decemthat the first building missionaries in this mission were ber 1959 for the construction of a beautiful chapel at called, and they were soon busy erecting needed a cost of approximately $150,000, and work got under chapels. At the close of the year 1962, the Brazilian

way the following February. South Mission showed an expanding membership of

During its construction, the foreman of the build- 4,834, with 1,538 baptisms for the year in its fortyone ing was converted and baptized and a little later branches. The mission has five churchowned buildreceived the priesthood and rejoiced to be numbered ings and three chapels under construction.

with the Saints. By November 1960, the building was Those who have served as presidents of the Brazilian

ready to receive a very large conference, presided South Mission are: Asael T. Sorensen and Finn B.

over by President Joseph Fielding Smith, who with Paulsen. Elder William Grant Bangerter has conhis wife visited this mission, giving strength and tinued as president of the Brazilian Mission.

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA VACATION BY SOLVEIG PAULSON RUSSELL

Vacation's a time for refreshment.

Vacation's a time to be Out where you're close to nature—

Where the breeze is fresh and free,

Where the sight is blessed with beauty,

And you draw, from sun and sod,

A wider scope for vision And a closer touch with God.

MAY 19 63 37S PEACH BLOSSOMS BY MYRTLE M. DEAN

:J:ltm0t>\

I -"

r--m

M

L

*f'f i

**jAa M J v } Anne knew by the troubled expression on David's face that something at the council meeting had caused him concern. She looked at him

anxiously and waited for him to speak of it to her if he wished. He

tried to smile reassuringly, yet Anne was sure something was worrying him. President Young often called some of the brethren in to help

decide important issues which confronted the Saints here in the valley.

There were many problems and difficult decisions in this new country. Anne

was glad that David was considered worthy to be asked to such councils.

David slept restlessly all night. Anne knew that much of the time

he was awake. He works too hard, shoulders great responsibilities, but

never has he taken it so seriously as now, Anne thought.

David arose at dawn and spoke quietly to her. "Go back to sleep,

Anne. You need more rest. I must go with some of the brethren to

repair the City Creek ditch. We must not waste a drop of water

this year."He moved noiselessly, so he would not wake the children.

"I'll probably be a little late for breakfast,"he told Anne as he left.

Surely, it was not just the ditches and the water that made David so worried and so hesitant to speak of a problem to her. There had been

so many things they had faced together since they were married. She

could not sleep but lay pondering the things that had come to the people since their arrival in this desert country.

Anne was only twenty when she traveled in the same company with

David across the plains. They were married just one year later in the

valley. David was healthy and strong. He was dependable and held

in high esteem by all who knew him. He had been called by the leaders

to do many of the most trying and difficult tasks that faced the settlement. She had tried to stand bravely behind him in all the things

they had had to face.

I must not recount all our trials, Anne thought, as she cringed with the remembrance of the droughts, the cricket and locust hordes. She

recalled the awful hunger pangs they had known so many times. She

remembered how frightened she had been of the Indians'threatenings those first years, also of her recent fears about the coming of Johnston's army and their readiness to leave their homes and flee southward. But

.

God had been very kind to his people, and now they and I'm sure there is something wrong this morning."

were building better homes. They had cattle and "I'm all right, Anne. At least I'm not ill."David

horses. Their gardens were growing fresh vegetables, hesitated a moment before he continued. "I just

and fields were green with grain. Times were so don't know how to say what I must tell you."His

much better for all of them. Now what new thing voice was solemn as he went on, "We have always

had come to trouble them? tried to obey counsel and heed the voice of our

Anne looked out to see if David were coming to leaders, haven't we, Anne?"

breakfast. Not seeing him, she went out to the back "Why, David, yes, of course. We always have

garden. The morning was clear and bright. The sun tried."She looked inquiringly into his face. This

rose over the eastern hills and shone down on the must be something very different from what they homes of the valley. Tender, green vegetables grew had experienced to cause so much concern. Many

in long, straight rows. A silvery thread of water ran of the men were being sent on missions to the different

in the ditch at the head of the garden. Beyond the nations. Perhaps David was asked to go. He would

garden, they had planted several fruit trees. Anne be worried about leaving her and the children.

thought back to the beginnings of the trees, the fruit "David, if you are called to go on a mission, we pips they had planted as President Young had advised. can manage here. Our Mark is growing up so fast.

Almost hopelessly they had tended them through He can be a great help in the fields, and the little droughts and burning sun. Now, as she raised her girls can do something about the house. If this is

eyes to the trees, she exclaimed aloud, as she beheld the trouble, don't be so concerned."

the pink loveliness of those peach blossoms. It "Anne, it is not a call for me only. It is for all of

seemed that they had burst forth in full beauty almost us. It is for our whole family."

overnight. There would be fruit, precious, fresh "Tell me quickly, David."Her voice faltered as

fruit for their children this summer. she tried to speak, "David, we are not being asked

Anne thought of the family prayer that David to leave our home, our home here in the valley?"

had offered last night before going to the council "Last night at the meeting, President Young told us meeting. It was full of appreciation for all their of the great need for brethren to go to the southern

blessings. He gave thanks for their son Mark and settlements of the territory and lead out in building

their two little girls, Mary Ellen and Nancy, and for up Zion in those places. They call it Utah's Dixie.

Anne his wife. As he finished his prayer, he had said, The President asked me to go with my family. There

"We thank thee, that our Prophet Brigham Young are so many coming to this valley that there will not led us to this choice land, and that he told us, be room here."

'This is the place.'"Oh, David, you didn't say that we would go? You

Anne's heart swelled with gratitude as she looked didn't tell President Young that we could?"Anne's

over their garden and their fruits. The grain and corn voice was but a breathless whisper.

were growing rapidly. This would be their best "President Young didn't ask us if we wanted to go,

season in the valley. Anne. He told us, and he spoke very deliberately:

She hurried toward the house. She would bring 'Brethren, after much thought and earnest prayer, I

the children out to see the peach blossoms. Before have been impressed to call certain brethren to go

she reached the door, she saw David coming with to other settlements to assist in making proper places his shovel on his shoulder. He did not whistle as for the many Saints who are coming to join us in

he usually did when he came in from work. His face Zion. After much prayer,'he said, Anne."

was still troubled. "I will not wait for David to speak Anne's face paled, and she clasped her hands tightly.

of his troubles. I will ask him, now,"she told herself. Her words rushed out fiercely. "David, when we

"Did you get the ditch fixed all right? Will there came here to the valley, President Young told us,

be enough water?"she asked. 'This is the Place.'The Prophet Joseph saw the Saints

"Yes, the city ditch is in shape to carry plenty of here in the mountains, also. President Young saw

water for all our gardens and orchards here. The in vision this place and the spot where the temple is

brethren are going to enlarge the ditch that we being built. It was here, David, that he led

brought from Big Cottonwood. There should be sufthe people."

ficient for all the fields south of the city.""That is true, Anne. But now he sees need for

Anne noted the lack of enthusiasm in his words. more settlements for the many who have joined the

She looked at him anxiously. Church and are coming to Zion."David's voice

"Are you ill, David? You slept so little last night, was solemn.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Anne clasped her face in her hands and let her blossoming."Anne led the way to the garden.

tears flow freely. Her words came brokenly, "But David's face lighted at the pleasant sight. Anne

why should we be called to go? We have obeyed took his hand and together they stood in silence,

counsel and planted and worked diligently to build breathing in the fragrance of the blossoms in the up our home and land. There are those who have early morning freshness. A meadowlark flew up a

not obeyed the advice of the leaders and have not few yards away and burst into song. In the hush

wisely cared for their lands. Let them go to the new of the morning, they could hear the sound of the

settlements. Not us, David. Not us! President stonecutters as they began their work a few blocks

Young told us if we were obedient, we would be away on the temple lot. A sudden thought sprang

blessed here."into Anne's mind as she thought of the temple they

"They would do no better in other places than were building. She spoke, a light coming into her

they have done here. President Young asked for eyes. "David, do you remember the blessing that

leaders to help those who are new in our country. Patriarch John Smith gave you? Don't you remember

And Anne, we have indeed been blessed here. We what he said? 'You will assist in building a temple

will be blessed whenever we obey our leaders."David to our God, and shall labor therein.'This is where

tried to comfort Anne. the temple is being built, David."

"Couldn't I go with you to President Young? For a moment, David stood looking toward the

Couldn't we make him see what this would mean temple site, listening to the steady sound of the to us?"workers'hammers and chisels. Then his eyes turned

David's head bent thoughtfully. He stood in to Anne, "Yes, my dear, I do remember that blessing.

troubled silence for a moment, then he spoke firmly, But Anne, I recall too, President Young's words when "We cannot counsel Brother Brigham, Anne. He is he spoke of the building of the temple here. He said,

our prophet. He knows what is best for the Church."'The Saints will build many temples all over the

"David, how do we know that we will not be asked land. This temple shall have six towers, but some shall

to go again and again, from one place to another to have but one.'Don't you remember Anne?"

settle a new town? When we left Nauvoo, we came "Oh, David—David,"she repeated as they moved

to find a place to rest."toward the house.

Anne saw David's shoulders droop, the tired lines "I may assist in building a temple in some other deepen in his face, but she must find some way place. It may be even sooner completed than this

to make him see what she meant. Perhaps if he saw temple, Anne."

the garden now, he would understand more clearly David and his young son Mark went to the farm how she felt. There were other lots near to theirs just as usual to tend the crops, although the company

that had been carelessly neglected and overgrown was to leave in just one week for the settlement.

with weeds and trash. No fruit had been planted. There would be ten families called to go at this

Surely these were the ones who should go away time. David told Anne he wished to leave everything

from here. in good order for those who took over his place.

"Come, David, come and see the peach trees It was a bitter thought ( Continued on page 386

MAY 19 63 379 GENEALOGICAL sary for our salvation, the assignment is a most imTRAINING portant one. The purpose of the new program is to

aid us in fulfilling our work.

Training in the perThe program is outlined here to prevent misunderformance of genealogstandings in the wards and stakes as to procedures ical research for all and materials to be used.

church members is Ten lessons on the fundamentals of genealogy the goal of the new should be presented by members of the ward comeducation program mittee to every family in the ward. The ten lesson

which has been proguides have been sent free of charge to stake chairmen posed by the Geneafor distribution to ward committees. Illustrated brological Society and chures at 10c each to go with these free lesson guides

the First available are at Co., 44 East South Deseret Book

proGENEALOGY Presidency.approved by This Street, Salt Utah. Temple Lake City,

gram, which is standAfter a family has received these ten initial lessons, ard throughout the it is ready for more advanced genealogical instructoin

Church, is aimed at to be given through ward or family classes. A family

giving everyone the class is an instruction session held in a private home advantage of technito which several interested families with common cal training in this genealogical interest may be invited.

most important work. Publicity for these ward or family classes should be

Lack of knowhow extensive, and an open invitation should be extended the has been cited by all to the first outlined ward. course members The of majority of Latteris instruction regardless everyone previous for of of Saints as inacgenealogical the majorday reason for experience. is to genealogical text The official be usedtivity—hence, the program. new 1 Genealogical Research Standards Harland. Derek by

Responsibility carrying out for the program of this Priesthood Leaders quorums and of Melchizedekrests genealogical the Since committee. upon ward

auxiliary organizations to participate should be invited is subject, a practicalgenealogy a farreaching the and assignment is a big one. Because this work is necesformerly A Basic Course in Genealogy, Vol. 2.

Pertinent Questions Answered

QUESTION: them, I know who they are. What is my responsibility

My greatgrandfather married twice. His second wife in genealogical research? Should I follow the lines

was my greatgrandmother. Do I have any geneaof my adopted parents or follow the lines of my real

logical responsibility to his first wife? blood parents?

ANSWER: ANSWER:

You should compile two family group records on each If a child is legally adopted that transfers him to the of which your greatgrandfather appears as the husfamily of his adopted parents, and he is considered band. On the first family group record he would henceforth, to all intents and purposes, their child.

appear with his first wife, and on the second family In various countries, the adoption may be by custom group record with his second wife, your greatvalid in those countries. This adoption by custom

grandmother. For the purposes of recording relationis recognized as valid since it is accepted as such

ship, the first wife of your greatgrandfather is under the laws of that country. In the case of a

considered your stepgreat-grandmother, and you legally adopted child engaged in research, he should should carry out research so as to identify her fully trace the lines of his adopted legal parents, regardless as far as available records will allow. You should of whether he has been sealed to them as their child.

not, however, carry out any research on the lines In a ruling on this subject, 17 March 1961, President of your stepgreat-grandmother. David O. McKay indicated that in genealogical research, legally adopted children had no responsibility

to the "natural"blood line and emphasized that such

QUESTION: children should limit their activities to the lines of

I am an adopted child. My actual parents are still their adopted parents.

alive and, while I am not personally acquainted with There may be occasions when conditions surround3BO THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and to help publicize these classes since all ward members are included in this initial course.

Instruction in research procedures in various countries should be offered as soon as members have completed the abovementioned prerequisite course.

Official texts, accompanying study guides and related filmstrips are being prepared by the Genealogical

Society on research in England and Wales, the United

States, Scotland, Germany, the Netherlands, Denmark,

Norway, and Sweden. Consideration will be given to

the preparation of texts for additional areas in which church members have a genealogical interest.

Classes in these advanced areas should be organized in wards and stakes as texts become available.

Those stakes and wards which have not yet begun the initial phase of this program (the ten basic lessons) are encouraged to do so at once so that they will be prepared to offer the necessary assistance to ward members in the solving of their actual research problems.

The first genealogical study course for stake and ward instruction classes will be based on the text,

Genealogical Research Standards.

All members of stake and ward committees should own this book which is now available through distributors of church books in a special inexpensive hardbound edition published by the Genealogical Society for $1.75 a copy.

A companion study guide to this official text is available to both students and instructors for 25c.

ing the adoption of a child will suggest special consideration. For example, if a child is adopted

because of the death of its parents, rather than because it had been abandoned or voluntarily offered for adoption by its parents, the child or its adopted parents may feel some responsibility to the ancestry of the actual blood parents. In such cases the problem should be outlined in a letter addressed to the

Genealogical Society. Rulings will be considered on

the individual merits of each problem.

A child who is "born in the covenant,"however, and later adopted by foster parents should follow first the lines of his actual blood parents. He may,

if he so desires, also trace the ancestry of his adopted parents.

An early photo showing construction at one of the six portals to the church storage vault in Little Cottonwood Canyon,

Salt Lake County. Valuable microfilm

records will be housed here.

MAY 1963 "...hearken and I will reason

Great multitudes gathered on various occasions to listen to Jesus. One day

he spoke to them in parables, emphasizing that individuals have various interests in life that affect the way they listen to and accept truth. On this occasion

the Master said: "Behold, a sower went forth to sow."(Matt. 13:3.) The seeds

he sowed were the same, but there was a difference in the soil upon which they fell. Some of the seeds fell on the wayside and were soon devoured by

fowl. Other seeds fell on stony ground where there was no depth of soil for

the roots. Still other seeds fell among thorns and were quickly choked. But

other seeds fell on good ground.

There are differences in those who listen to the truth just as there are differences in soils. In the days of Jesus, the devoted and understanding listeners

did not come from among the scribes, Sadducees, and Pharisees, but from the "publicans"and "sinners."

Let us consider briefly some of those who received the message of Jesus.

Zacchaeus who listened said, "... if I have taken any thing from any man by

false accusation, I restore him fourfold."(Luke 19:8.) Peter and Andrew left

their nets and followed Jesus to become fishers of men. The lame walked and

CONDUCTED the blind received their sight because they listened with faith to the Son of God.

On the other hand, there were those who were too busy with their flocksBY THE to listen; too interested in eating and drinking and making merry with theirUNIFIED

friends; and there were those who were so occupied with their exalted positions

CHURCH of authority that they would not listen to the words of eternal life.

SCHOOL Let us contemplate one or two instances in the Bible where men harkened

SYSTEM unto a message that saved them—who caught the spirit of him who said,

"... hearken and I will reason with you,..."(D&C 45:15.)

First, do you remember the Prophet Jonah who failed to listen to a call from the Lord to preach repentance to the people of Nineveh? Did he, perhaps,

envision sneers on people's faces as he exhorted them in that wicked city?

Did he, possibly, see a rejection of his message and perhaps a stoning at the hands of an enraged mob? Did fear make a coward of him, causing him to

run from the presence of the Lord?

While fleeing from the Lord to Tarshish, a severe storm overtook the ship upon which Jonah had secured passage. Even those who believed in other

gods exceeded the faith of the "runaway"prophet when destructive waves threatened to engulf the vessel. They had to plead with him to arise from

his sleep and call upon his God to save them. This was an impressive lesson

to be taught to a man called of God. Even rough sailors were willing to listen

and plead to their gods that they might be saved.

After he had been swallowed by the raging waves of the sea and a great fish prepared by the Lord, he came to himself and was willing to listen to God, who loves even the disobedient. He sought the Lord to deliver him from his

dire predicament. His understanding was enlarged—he had reasoned with

the Lord.

?? BY ROY A. WEST, director of research

.. LDS DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATIONwith you

So, when he was delivered from the sea and the would you do, knowing you were at death's door?

great fish, this prophet went and preached to the Here is where a courageous faith pleads to be heard.

great city of Nineveh, declaring that in forty days Hezekiah "... turned his face to the wall, and

their city would be overthrown. The story unfolds prayed unto the Lord, saying,

one of the motivating lessons of history: "So the "I beseech thee, O Lord, remember now how I

people of Nineveh believed God,..."(Jonah 3:5.) have walked before thee in truth and with a perfect

Even the king stepped down from his throne when heart, and have done that which is good in thy sight.

he heard the message. He removed his royal robes And Hezekiah wept sore."(Ibid., 20:2-3.)

and put on a humble attire—he hearkened unto Will the Lord be moved with compassion towards

a prophet. the person who hearkens to and reasons with him? In

The king not only listened to Jonah, but he, in turn, answer to the righteous king's plea the Lord replied:

reasoned with his people. Listen to his earnest "... I have heard thy prayer, I have seen thy tears:

pleading: "But let man and beast... cry mightily behold, I will heal thee:...

unto God: yea, let them turn every one from his evil "And I will add unto thy days fifteen years; and I

way, and from the violence that is in their hands. will deliver thee and this city out of the hand of

"Who can tell if God will turn and repent, and the king of Assyria; and I will defend this city...."

turn away from his fierce anger, that we perish not?"(Ibid., 20:5-6.)

(Ibid., 3:8-9.) When man hearkens to what the Lord reveals, he

What was the result of this hearkening and reasonseeks earnestly to comply with his commandments.

ing? The scripture says: "And God saw their works, There is no great value in merely reading a faiththat they turned from their evil way;..."( Ibid., 3: 10. promoting story; the real test comes in facing life

Their city was not destroyed. with its many baffling perplexities. To personalize

Why do people in general consider keeping the comthe admonition of the Lord and place it in the context mandments a difficult task? Why do they often think of our day, do we hearken to a prophet's voice? Do

that God makes the way hard and withholds the dewe reason with the Lord? Do we seek understanding?

lightful things of this life? The Lord gives one reason Do we comply with God's commandments as a way

why it is so for some people: "They were slow to hearkto be saved and exalted?

en unto the voice of the Lord their God; therefore, the How many of us try to listen to the words of life

Lord their God is slow to hearken unto their prayers, and thereby understand that divine blessings depend to answer them in the day of their trouble. on how well we "remember to keep and do these

"In the day of their peace they esteemed lightly sayings, walking in obedience to the commandments"?

my counsel; but, in the day of their trouble, of necesIf we do, the promise is that we shall find "wisdom

sity they feel after me."(D&C 101:7-8.) and great treasures of knowledge, even hidden treasThere is strength and courage manifested in the ures."(See D&C 89:1819.)

life of a righteous man. He who hearkens and reasons As a body of Saints who seek to inherit the kingwith the Lord will find consolation in the days dom of God, there are possibilities for untold achieveof trouble. ments, provided we hearken to the voice of the Lord.

For instance, how would you react in a situation "Hearken, O ye people of my church, to whom the similar to this? "In those days was Hezekiah sick kingdom has been given; hearken ye and give ear

unto death."And while he was in this weakened to him who laid the foundation of the earth, who

condition, a prophet entered the room and announced: made the heavens and all the hosts thereof, and by

"... Thus saith the Lord, Set thine house in order; whom all things were made which live, and move,

for thou shalt die, and not live."(2 Kings 20:1.) What and have a being."(Ibid., 45:1.)

MAY 1963 383 CO

en CO on c/o Cu3 ro cd, CO cuc/s a) c/>cu w—E -t= CD O ClO3 O O

to 3cr CDCD is I = ca 2 *=

cc -Qo>,—tCvj"to LO OjOCO CO E c:

O N<?? 5.-= o >- u<Z2 OjOa)= Pc=3 E E

cC Q- w-c: CO oo CO cc LU| E TO ooooLO ce<c3 CXIco en X O"Q h- >< O on <CUJn: tu3 'co

* cD cvoccLxJ1—a> a>COcd UJ q Z>O 0 CD a: a>CO oo E a: cz CO CSI z: cr> czo CO en S < 5 cy oo CO OJ CJ> CD "O 1=1 ETO o o<a: cz cc P C-> -*—oo -o 00. E CD CD Jo"cr COCD CO OJCDCD CO*"o OO

-js TO E a)doTO CO CO od ai E -Q ooczou C g

CD CM TO -CD E cd CO CD -S to CO TOooooo TO o CZ <3Jcz ooCO 1 SEESi-9 CO CXI<J 3—TO -O E ZO 2: z:= cz3 00 <c OO O o >- CD oo CD E Okcroo CO 0> O z CDCDo czo r*-COCxj CDCD cro to ocd CDCD CD C3 OOE OJr-- CL CZLTO to"< TO CDCD OT Q GO >- r-TLiD -Q CDCDCD 00 O E o oT cL OJ =3 a; co'CLTO u < -Q o o o oo TO oo >. QJ =3 Z) aj TOZ. CD CO CD CD TO=1 TO QJ Q o TO S3too COOTO TO=3txOre a CO czre =3 Ea> 1 Ezz EZZ E=3 CO to CD> re eo z> 1! CL- =Z 2: Q <c o o =3.P 13

TO cc-\ Q O CO ) CO 2Z)

CXICDcn "O CO

CNJCXI CCO

CO

.1 E "cj ooCXILO TO 2* a r2 CO OO ME

CO TD to CXICOCT5 CXICOCT5 T3r= cr—tuO re => CJzz = cro LOOO cz oo 00 *5 0J o o CXICOen!k -Oa CO QjO O0 LO ZJ 1TO.CO CXIcxi CO co CD czoooo E 5 CO co co O OJ OjO TOCZooo E CD "i oo COCNJ cr—oo SE CD c: cnCO QJ Scu Z3 E r3 00 O0E caCD-Q CDCZ5o CD CT=CTD2 egTO "CD CD E OO CO -CZ E C 3 C > C=|f "53 -o o COen J= o o CJ E o. a. 03U LU to QJ cx>crTO CJ—0J h—TO "'aj Z3 3- OO CZZ3 TO "o 'o CJCZTO O COE00 re CUQ oo C3OC3> z: CJ) CJ -Qre= S3 CD CD CO CL 10 CO CLl CO 33 Ezz CJ Q CD Z3croo Q TO -O cr cr CO CDoCD cvo o O ore CO TO CO CO E E

CXI TOa CD <u OJ xz: TO h- OJCT3OO -O -O COOTO cr TOa CO CTl CO cro h-UJ CO E QJ>cz E

1 EZ3 Z3 EZ3 lOLfO a)> TO Qi ct Q o <3: C 3s 2: o o O Xo CD TO =3

TO Oct O-rjo Q z:<

Peach Blossoms "Anne, John tells me that David hard journey, or the terrible heat has been called to take his family when we got there. They say the

(Continued from page 379) to the Dixie settlement, too. Are sun beats down on the red sand hills

you going to let him take you to so. I just can't go,"Sarah repeated.

that awful place? It is much worse Lucy Barton came also that mornfor Anne to leave all this green than it was here when we came to ing. "There are alkali swamps, and

garden and flowers; the prospects settle, they tell me."folks get the ague until they shake,

of fruit and a good harvest of crops Anne spoke dismally. "Oh, Sarah, then burn with fever. The rocks are

to those who had not turned a hand I'm only hoping that something may filled with rattlesnakes and lizards.

to produce them. happen to let us remain, but you Still my Joseph says we are obliged

The children went outside to play, know. how David is. He would to go there."Lucy's words fell

and Anne was glad to be alone. Yet never refuse a call from our leaders."heavy on Anne's heart and left her

her solitude was shortly broken. "I just can't go,"Sarah said. "You filled with sorrow. Oh, why do my

Sister Adams came with tearstained know how delicate our little Alice is. friends come to me? Anne thought,

face. She could never stand that long, How can I give them comfort when

my own heart is full of uncertainty and turmoil? Yet, as each one came,

Anne found herself saying to them the very things that David had said to her. "President Young says that

the new Saints who come here must FLEXIBILITY AND FIRMNESS have leaders to help them get started in a new land. There are

so many coming now, there is not room for all to remain here in the valley."

RICHARD L. EVANS All morning, Anne wondered if

there might be some way she could

We have talked at times of flexibility and firmness, both of which we need help Sarah Adams. Truly, little

in their proper place and proportion. More than this, or equally so, we need Alice Adams'condition might give

standards, conviction, strength, and selfcontrol and the judgment to know great concern if something were not when it is essential to be flexible, and when it is essential to be firm. done for her soon. Anne thought of

Among the most unhappy people are those with uncertain standards, those how her grandmother had nursed who comprise or equivocate the commandments, those who are tossed the sick in Nauvoo and while upon and torn between "to be, or not to be."1 And among the happiest people the plains. Now she was gone, but

are those who have a means of measuring, a set of principles—who have a the methods she used were simple,

standard, and stick to it. Some years ago in speaking of the slippage of healing herbs and plenty of fresh

standards and stability, an eminent doctor and scholar said: "... This... sunshine, and good clean air. Alice

makes us less than were our fathers. They had their standards and codes, had been sheltered in the house too

and deviation from them carried immediate penalty. In our days, we have much and not allowed to get out

allowed ourselves to become so pliable, so flexible, so 'relative'to all and play with the other children.

things, in a current phrase so 'broadminded,'that we are in danger of havAnne hurried to the pantry where ing no ethic, no vision, no hope.... Indecision locks up energy; it stabs she kept the carefully wrapped

the heart. Whereas, decision, clearly taken, brings calmness, strength, bundles of different herbs. She

the quiet mind and a flow of power.... Each good man has in himself chose several. President Young had

a quiet place wherein he lives however torn seemingly by the passions advised the Saints to make mild teas of the world. That is his citadel, which must be kept inviolate against from these for the health of

assaults. That quiet place must be founded upon a rock and the rock must their families.

be a belief, a fervent and passionate belief, in the existence of the ultimate As Anne came to Sarah's door, she good, and a willingness to put forth his strength against the ultimate saw that the house was still heavy evil...."2 To go back a moment to the mention of broadmindedness: It is with gloom. Little Alice sat pale

possible to be so broadminded that everything passes through, that there faced and quietly watched her is no standard or stability—that nothing sticks or stays. We have to give mother move purposelessly about

and take, but we also have to stand at times; to have standards that can't the room.

be pushed around by pressures. As Lincoln said in the last public address Anne held out the herbs as she

of his life: "Important principles may and must be inflexible."3 Among entered. "Sister Adams, I wondered

the happiest people, among the people most at peace, are those who have if you had tried any of these herbs standards and stay with them—those who seek to know what they for Alice. I have found that they

shouldn't do—and then don't do it. are very good to put the blood in

condition, especially in the springShakespeare, Hamlet, Act iii, sc. 1. time like this."

Foster Kennedy, 2Dr. "The War on Nerves,"delivered before the New York HeraldTribune Forum, "Well, the doctor doesn't seem to

1939. Oct. 25,

3Abraham Lincoln, last public address, Washington, April 11, 1865. help any, so I guess it won't hurt to

"The Spoken Word,", from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia try these. I remember your grandBroadcasting System, February 17, 1963. Copyright 1963. ma was such a good nurse. You

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA come naturally by working with the you see how very pale and thin the wagons about to head southward sick, Anne."faces of those children were who was a group of brethren.

"You know, Sarah, the southern, came with their parents to live in "It is Brother Brigham and warm climate and change might be our home? Let us be glad we are Brother Kimball and Brother

good for little Alice. They claim leaving something to give them to Wells,"declared Anne. "I see

the winters are much milder than eat and make them happy. Be glad Brother Taylor is with them, and

here in the valley."Anne found we are not leaving only weeds several more coming on behind."

herself sounding almost enthusiastic. and thistles.""Let us be brave, Anne. Let us

"Do you know, Anne, I feel that "I guess I'm glad for them,"little have courage to say farewell to the it was God who sent you here today. Nancy said, "but I did want peaches, brethren with a smile."David's

I just know that our child will be and the blossoms are so pretty."voice was steady.

well and strong again."Sarah's "Well, they say we can raise cot- "We wish you Godspeed! We

words came earnestly. ton down in the Dixie country, and send our blessings with you."It

Anne's heart was lighter as she it might be fun to pick cotton,"was President Young speaking. His

saw Sarah's bitterness and worry Mark declared, trying to sound voice was firm and solemn. The

replaced by faith and a cheerful cheerful. leaders held their hands high in

countenance. Moving up toward the line of greeting as they moved from wagon

Ten covered wagons faced southward. To each was hitched a team

of horses or a double span of oxen or mules. The wagons were piled

the belongings of thehigh with c. A PROMPT ANDtravelers. wagons carried Other | THE

the families. Children peeked out SPOKEN WORD DECIDED 'NO'"from the back of wagon covers, excited by the thought of this new

adventure. Men and women climbed

slowly and solemnly to the high seats of their wagons. There were RICHARD L. EVANS

hurried calls to some of the children, who were taking one last run about We spoke last week of the need both for flexibility and firmness, for having the yard they were to leave. Some of standards and sticking to them, with the further thought that among the

the young ones clung to trinkets they people most at peace are those who know what they shouldn't do—and don't

had gathered. Many a mother held do it. Further on this, a source previously cited, said: "Through our

a baby in her lap or had a small weakened power of personal judgment we have vacillated for years on the child tucked in the seat beside her. knifeedge of indecision,"1—and a vacillating indecision is one of life's most

On ahead were the cattle and oxen uncomfortable conditions. It is true that there are uncertainties that make

the families were taking with them. some decisions exceedingly difficult, but there are some kinds of decision,

Together, Anne and David liswhich, for peace and safety and selfrespect, ought to be more or less evil,'"It said as is a great automatic. well as a misfortune,"Charles Simof their children voices to thetened

"2 to utter a unable mons, decided 'No.'"to be and As another prompt of their wagon. backfrom the

said: that repeat to observer anything separate from forces one "One must that says peaches and "Mama

of to again."destructive vigor again 3 "Nothing and more can be will real in Nothings grow fast down

the warm climate where we are action,"said John Foster, "than protracted, anxious fluctuation, through going,"Mary Ellen said. resolutions adopted, rejected, resumed, and suspended.... A man with-

"Yeah, but the trees aren't even out decision can never be said to belong to himself; he is as a wave of the

planted yet. Just see how long sea, or a feather in the air which every breeze blows about...."4 "The souls

we waited for ours to grow here, of men of undecided and feeble purpose are the graveyards of good intenand bloom,"young Mark spoke tions. It is a poor and disgraceful thing not to be able to reply, with some

disconsolately. degree of certainty, to the simple questions, 'What will you be? What will

do?'to see "I hate do? things done what by halves.—won't you "4—and to you those will get "And new kids

it If it leave it boldly,—if undone."do it be be right, wrong a man 5 "When Their this very ourseat summer.

folks got our nice garden and everyhas not a good reason for doing a thing,"said Thomas Scott, "he has one thing. I did want some peaches and good reason for letting it alone."6 It comes down again to standards,

cream. But Mama says we'll enjoy convictions, character, courage, a reasonable amount of flexibility, a great

them more if we wait,"Nancy degree of firmness; the strength to pursue a good purpose, or, if it isn't

spoke seriously. good, the strength to say "no"—and mean it—and the judgment and charWhat can I say to them? Anne acter to let it alone.

asked herself. What can I tell them

to ease their grief and disappoint2CharlesDr. FosterSimmonsKennedy,(17981856),The War onAmericanNerves. Clergy.

ment? She opened the flaps of "Nietzsche, Ecce Homo.

the cover and looked in upon Bernard4John FosterGilpin(18361917),(151783), AmericanEnglish clergy.Lawyer.

her children. Thomas Scott (17471821), English clergy.

"My dears,"Anne said, trying to "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia keep her voice from breaking, "did Broadcasting System, February 24, 1963. Copyright 1963.

MAY 1903 387 to wagon. The Argentine and Argentine Mission. President Lee

"All ready to roll! We are on our B. Valentine then flew to Santiago

way to Utah's Dixie!"a voice North Argentine Missions to organize the first branch there.

shouted from the head wagon. Other branches were soon estabNow, for a moment, Anne turned ( Continued from page 362 lished, and in 1959 Chile became a

to look once more upon the home part of the new Andes Mission.

she was leaving. She beheld the Membership increased greatly unlovely trees so heavily laden with established the independence of this der the leadership of President Lorin

pink blossoms. The sun was shingreat nation as well as much of N. Pace, and by December 1961 the

ing down upon them. She reached South America. In Ecuador he met mission had erected and dedicated

for David's hand, and for a moment another famous liberator, Simon their beautiful "Caseros"chapel. A

they both were silent. Then, her Bolivar, for whom Bolivia was full building program was begun.

eyes misted. "David, 'obedience is named, and by whom the northern During the time that C. Laird

better than sacrifice, and to hearken part of the continent was given Snelgrove has presided, he has orthan the fat of—well, peach trees!"independence from Spain. ganized twentythree new branches,

"Bless you, Anne,"David said as Of great importance was the anmaking a total of fiftyfour. He

their voices were lost in the rattle nouncement on May 26, 1955 that relates that, on one occasion, while of the wagons. Chile had been added to the flying over a small town called San

Rafael, in the province of Mendoza, he suddenly was impressed that many people in that land were waiting for the gospel. Immediately he

I THE SPOKEN UNCERTAINTYAND PURPOSE thansent eldersa year toSaninvestigate,Rafael hadanda branchin less

WORD a with over seventy members and it continues to grow rapidly.

This expansion in the northern area soon brought a mission diviRICHARD L. EVANS sion. In 1962 Ronald V. Stone was

called to preside over the North ArSome years ago in a talk on problems facing youth, Levering Tyson said: gentine Mission, with headquarters

"Not a single one of us knows what the coming months will bring, or what in Cordoba, leaving the present Arthe years immediately ahead hold.... It is my belief therefore that we gentine Mission with thirty branches

should first of all show our intelligence by recognizing this uncertainty—and a membership of 5,024.

and that we should recognize it by developing an increasingly intelligent Missionaries who have labored in adaptability whereby we can meet whatever does come, with confidence Argentina may well remember the and calmness... and never lose our trust in the wisdom of Almighty God asados or barbeques originating

to guide our destiny."1 This is comforting, strengthening, wise counsel: with the gauchos of the plains, or

to move ahead with confidence and calmness, recognizing uncertainty, the street meetings in the park at which in some degree is always in evidence and inevitable, and recognizing Bahia Blanca with their horse cart also the mindfulness of our Father for us, the power of God to guide us. hauling the pump organ from the

No one can deny that we live in a moving sea of uncertainties. But too branch meeting hall. Or they may

many, too often, are too impressed by the uncertainties, by the difficulties, have had the rare experience of by seeing the negative side. Having a good and useful purpose and purpreaching in the public library,

suing it is among the surest means of meeting uncertainty and indecision. speaking over the radio, participat-

"There is no road to success,"said Theodore T. Munger, "but through a ing in a pageant, displaying Book of

clear strong purpose.—Nothing can take its place.—A purpose underlies Mormon pictures at the park, or

character, culture, position, attainment of every sort."2 And from Carlyle preparing a report of church activicome these wellknown words: "The man without a purpose is like a ship ties for the Ministry of Foreign

without a rudder—a waif, a nothing, a no man. Have a purpose in life, and, Relations and Churches.

recall it, the Relief when strength such They mayhaving into your throw work of mind and muscle as God

: 'Society sugar the sold given or when Dr. Willis men,"said you."has thousands "have R. Whitney, "Some

of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is American dollar changed in value one reason why they can."4 Despite all difficulties and disappointments, to the Argentine peso.

despite all indecision and uncertainty, the needs and the opportunities were Presentday Argentine missionaries never greater than they are, and we need to acquire as much learning as with unusual success are visiting we can and to move ahead with as much accomplishment as we can, and city officials, using goodwill apbe increasingly useful and acceptable to ourselves, and to him who gave proaches, carrying reference cards, us life and the reason for living. making use of radio programs, talent

shows, and the scouting program,

Levering Tyson, President, Muhlenberg College, The Problems Facing Youth. showing slides, and participating in

Theodore T. Munger (18301910), American clergy. athletics, all aiding greatly in their Carlyle."Thomas

4Dr. Willis R. Whitney, General Electric Research Laboratory. proselyting activities, and in bring-

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia ing about cordial relations with the

Broadcasting System, March 3, 1963. Copyright 1963. Argentine people and its authorities.

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The only reason we give a guarantee this good is that we don't expect you to need it.

Anything made this well takes its own sweet time wearing out. And that's what we come right out and say in our guarantee. Notice

where it says that we'll make an adjustment if you manage to wear out an AMOCO 120 Super Tire in less than two years? (By the way,

the adjustment can be made by any of our dealers, regardless of where you bought your tires.) With almost any other tire that'd be a

statement bordering on recklessness. With an AMOCO 120 it's pure, undiluted confidence. And confidence can be catching. There's

something awfully reassuring about wafting gently down the road on tires built to live up to this good a guarantee. They're...<

the tires with two bright white rings. You expect more from American—and you get it. American Oil Company f

MAY 1963 389 The North Argentine Mission dobal, Corrientes, Chaco, Entre gaining publicity for the LDS

Rios, Formosa, Jujuy, La Rioja, Church through her pleasing radio

Soon after President Tuttle was Missiones, Salta, San Juan, San Luis, programs over the National Radio appointed to preside over the South Santa Fe (north of the 32nd parallel), Broadcasting Company in Cordoba.

American Missions in 1961, he Santiago del Estero, and Tucuman. Sister Stone, a mother of four,

recommended that the Argentine By November of that year, construcserved as a missionary before her

Mission be divided. Accordingly, on tion was begun on the new North marriage to President Stone.

May 5, 1962, Elder Ronald V. Stone Argentine mission home. The North Argentine Mission has

was called to preside over the not President Stone, a former Argentwenty-three branches with a memyet formed North Argentine Mission. tine missionary (195052) is using bership of 1,598, directed by some

A three month waiting period was very effectively publicity committees seventythree missionaries.

necessary to obtain proper visas and and a program where elders by Number sixtyeight of the LDS entry permits. appointment meet civic, governmissions of the world, the North

Tile division came on September ment, and business officials, informArgentine Mission is the seventh 16, 1962, at the Cordoba conference, ing them of purposes and progress separate mission formed from the with President Tuttle presiding. The of the Church in Argentina and oncecalled South American Mission

North Argentine Mission comprises throughout the world. which had its small beginning thirtythe provinces of Catamarca, CorAs a noted singer, Sister Stone is eight years prior.

Your Question obtained when we have passed bequalifications. It is absurd to think

yond the portals of mortality. that Paul would teach that in the

(Continued from page 351) Eternity is a very long time accordbeginning before the earth was ing to mortal man's reckoning, and formed, some souls were destined according to merit. The promise of there is no reason to believe that our to come to earth, receive tabernacles

reward therefore was open to all means of gaining knowledge and and then be consigned to perdition based on their faithfulness and wisdom and truth and every other and some to be saved. Such a docobedience. Some of them might not principle of advancement will be trine is contrary to all that has been

be as alert as others, but the same retarded when we have passed the revealed. Therefore we must seek

privilege was offered to all. The restrictions of mortality. for a better interpretation. It seems

principal commandments which that such an interpretation is readily bring to mankind exaltation in the discovered in this passage notwithkingdom of God are obedience THIS MOMENT standing there may have been a to divine law, devotion to princiBY JANE MERCHANT faulty translation. We are thereple, and integrity in seeking for fore bold enough to say that such an

light and truth. Therefore the Keep this moment. Keep the way interpretation may be given which

plodder who put forth every effort The many greennesses of May will be in full accord with the docin faith and obedience was entitled Shine in sunlight, lift and sway trines taught by the Son of God.

to the same reward as the one who In the leaflight. Keep with care Therefore the passage in question

moved forth more readily or skilThe touch of cool, sweet, bloiving is repeated here:

fully. Truth is something that can air, "For whom he did foreknow, he

be learned. It may take one soul a Of gentle fingers in your hair. also did predestinate to be conlonger time, but integrity and perseThe moments when your heart is formed to the image of his Son,

verance certainly will be rewarded. deep that he might be the first born

The soul who refuses to obey divine In the tears you cannot weep among many brethren."(Rom. 8:29.

law, or who is not willing to be Are yours to lose. This is to keep. Italics added.)

taught, naturally will lose the reDoes it not appear perfectly clear ward. However, the goal of perfecthat those who were consigned to

tion is open to all, according to the Just what Paul might have had in come to this earth and pass through divine plan, who are obedient and mind may not be too clearly exmortality, were predestined to come willing to learn. Therefore any pressed in the translation that has in the image and likeness of the Son

person who is devoted to the truth come to us. That he taught that of God? This at least gives sense

and who labors with all his soul some men are destined to be to the passage, for it is true. Man

to obtain perfection will not be damned must be rejected; likewise is created with a mortal body as a

barred. Eternity, as we look upon that some were predestined to be tabernacle for his eternal spirit in

it is evidently a very long time. The saved without a trial of their faith. the likeness of the Son of God. This

power to advance in knowledge by Those who rejected the truth and was fully decreed in the very bethose who are faithful and true rebelled were cast out with Lucifer ginning. Not that some souls were

surely cannot be limited to mortal because of the great gift of free tO'have the privilege of coming life. Therefore there is hope for all agency. We have reason to believe and receiving bodies of flesh and

if they are willing to put forth the that all who were privileged to come bones and then be cast off as sons effort. It should also be remembered to this mortal world came because of perdition forever and some to be

that knowledge will be more readily they were entitled by premortal saved by preexisting decree.

3 90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The ThreeManual Baldwin ElectronicCONTEMPORARY TONAL DESIGN.

Organ is the culmination of a uniquely close union of musical and engineering skills, in creating this instrument, Baldwin explored and adhered to the rigid historic heritage of the traditional organ. The ThreeManual Model 12 is unique in that it offers tonal specifications and flexibility

not matched by any other organ of comparable cost.

years. (o) five period charge for of replaced free a be of Piano Baldwin ComThe 5 YEAR WARRANTY.

to by are be paid charges, any, if Transportation its dealers in warto its dealers, turn warrants and pany this connection with in labor required purchaser. Any the PIANOS their to customers, as follows: rant certithe factory dealers'be by performed must warranty

Baldwin Organs are fully and unconditionally guarfied organ service technicians, and will be done without anteed under normal use and care, against defective charge for a period of one (1) year from date of sale, after workmanship or material, for five (5) years from date of which time regularly established service rates will prevail. BALDWI]NrORGANS

sale. All parts are included; there are no exceptions. This warranty is to the original purchaser. The Baldwin

Parts found defective due to workmanship or material will Piano Company, Cincinnati 2, Ohio.

MAY 1963 391 The Andes Mission shots and two thousand typhoid there concerning the sending of the shots; over five hundred rag rugs missionaries.

( Continued from page 367 and 131 pair of shoes. The material Meanwhile the work continued so

was distributed by the Red Cross. rapidly in the two countries that on

for aid from the First Presidency, A Chilean parliamentary delegaJune 7, 1961, it was announced that and in less than twentyfour hours tion came to Salt Lake City May 31 the Andes Mission was to be diafter necessary government permits to thank the Church. Following the vided. That mission had been

were granted, nearly sixteen tons of meeting with them, President Mcorganized less than two years, and relief supplies started on their way Kay said: "There was a feeling of it had been only five years since the

by air from Salt Lake City to Chile. satisfaction as we received the first missionaries had arrived in

The shipment was flown free of delegation from Chile, to realize Chile and Peru in this modern charge from Salt Lake City to Los that the Church had expressed itself period. At the announcement there

Angejes by United Air Lines, where not only in words but in helpful were more than two thousand memit continued on its way by Panagra deeds in the area of Santiago, bers in the mission. Each nation

Airlines. In the shipment there were stricken by the terrible upheaval of now had twelve branches of the

twentyfive hundred blankets, three the elements."Church, onefourth of them presided

tons of winter clothing, including In December 1960 President Sharp over by local members. The mismany coats; five thousand penicillin went to Ecuador to make a survey sion was divided at a conference

held in Lima, October 1.

Elder A. Delbert Palmer, former

missionary in Argentina, had been called from his Canadian home by

THE the First Presidency to preside in the sixtyMission, the A SEARCHING APPRAISAL new Chilean SPOKEN

WORD 'in fourth functioning the mission

Church. A similar conference was

held in Santiago on October 8, both conferences were held under the

RICHARD L. EVANS direction of President A. Theodore

Tuttle of the South American There are times for looking forward, times for looking back, and the one is Missions, representing the First never independent of the other, for what we become follows from what Presidency.

we have been and done and thought before. And as we pause to appraise President Sharp continued as

our accomplishments, actions, acquisitions, attitudes, the summation of president of the Andes Mission. The

the past is sobering; yet the hope and promise of the future is before following year he was released, and

us. In business, with good bookkeeping, we can tell with fair accuracy President Stirling Nicholaysen was

in mission. preside the called to this life side. In or plus the minus out on or not have comewhether we feelings towards are good There our involved, are feelings emotions and easy.isn't altogether Our always

in of the lands the Andes the Church all factors, the all the perspectives, human prejudices and andjudgment missions. Both Chilean the and selfof in the problem standards without are notintangibles. But we in rich challenges and are is missions conscience of measuring. While without meansappraisal—not some are countries opportunities. Here one yet of convenience, lengths when varying stretched tosometimes to so history dear in rich Book

sense, in himself, of some knows searching hesits honest to an down students. Wherever of Mormon fairly, facts represented is has or not honest, he whether or not hewhether living proof sees travels, he one

whether or not he has cheated or overcharged, whether or not he has been of the great civilizations that flourclean, faithful, honorable in thought and act and utterance, whether or not ished here before the coming of he has tried to be his best, or withheld himself grudgingly from full the Europeans.

performance, whether or not he has honestly tried to keep the commandBut The Church of Jesus Christ ments. And if he has peace in his heart the chances are that the answers of Latterday Saints is a church of

to these questions are fairly affirmative. We are all likely to have made individual members. To see an inmistakes. Few of us are likely to be free from all regrets. And, for some, vestigator gain a testimony, be

life may have been as someone has said it "... a succession of surrenders,"baptized, and then grow in the sure

with things done and things left undone. But "Let a man try faithfully, knowledge that he is an offspring of

will daily and Carlyle, right,"more said grow "and he tomanfully be eternal journeyin an engaged God, 1 is in order, appraisal always searching honest, thoughtful,more right."A is and great purposes that one of the

and blessedly there is in force and effect the principle of repentance. blessings of missionary work. And

Basically what is required is an honest attitude, an honest effort. Thank it is the same the world over. But

God that he has given us a time, when, if honestly we want to, we can here, in the South American lands, in a sense, not for the past, but for the future, begin again—or at least it may be just a little sweeter when

begin to be what surely we should. it is realized that many of the humble people now accepting the gospel

1Thomas Carlyle. are truly Father Lehi's children

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and the Columbia whose ancestors are the concern of

Broadcasting System, December 30, 1962. Copyright 1962. the Book of Mormon story.

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The lowestpriced Hammond Spinet Organ ever. Just $995, F.O.B. Factory; bench extra. Price subject to change without notice.

A HAMMOND ORGAN KEEPS THE CHURCH IN THE HOME

SEVEN DAYS A WEEK

Just as it unites a congregation in song, voices of woodwinds, cello, violins or i 1

Hammond Organ Company a Hammond Organ strengthens family any orchestral instrument. Patented 4206 W. Diversey Ave., Chicago 39, Illinois

bonds and, through the unprofaned lanReverberation for a rich, cathedrallike [l Please send free brochure describing guage of music, restates your convictone. TouchResponse Percussion. other Hammond Organs for

tion that Faith is a daily gift. Makes possible the sound of bells, |1 homePleaseandsendchurch.free booklet describing

And there's an added reward with marimbas, harps by a slight change of ways to raise money for a Church organ.

music you create yourself. A Hammond touch. No tuning expense ever. |l Please send information on a norisk

Organ offers great musical resources All it takes to bring a Hammond 30day home trial plan.

and endless variety yet, strangely, it is Spinet Organ, or any other Hammond Na one of the simplest instruments to masmodel, into your home or church is a Address..

ter. You play startlingly good music small down payment. For a free demonafter only a few lessons. stration, just call your Hammond City Zone State

A Hammond Spinet Organ has priceDealer. He's listed in the Yellow Pages

less features that give it more versatility under "Organs."You'll also want to HAMMOND ORGAN

than any other instrument. Harmonic send the coupon for three helpful free... music's most glorious voice

Drawbars. A simple way to simulate the booklets. pi 962, HAMMOND ORGAN COMPANY

MAY 1963 393 The Church in South America and others will undoubtedly be are concerned.

created in the future. Of this numFrom October 1960 to January of

( Continued from page 359 ber, two are Portuguesespeaking, 1961 the South American missions the Brazilian and the Brazilian South were favored with an extensive tour fulfilment came in 1947 when the missions, and five are Spanishby President Joseph Fielding Smith third and smallest mission in South speaking: the Argentine, Uruguayan, of the Council of the Twelve and

America, the Uruguayan, was creAndean, Chilean, and the newly Sister Smith. [Editor's Note: Presiated. Total membership at this time created North Argentine. More than dent and Sister Smith were accomreached approximately 1300, with a thousand missionaries are now panied on this tour by President A.

159 missionaries serving in these carrying forth the gospel in those Theodore Tuttle of the First Council three missions. countries at an amazing rate. The of the Seventy. This was the first

In the last fifteen years Elder time of the great "hastening"of the time in thirtyfive years that two

Ballard's prophecy has seen conLord's work which was to take place General Authorities of the Church tinued fulfilment. Seven missions in the latter days is here as far had been on this continent at the

are now organized in South America, as the South American missions same time. The reason for this

extraordinary tour was seen four months later when it was announced that President Tuttle had been called to preside over the entire

South American Mission. Montevideo, Uruguay, was chosen as his CHARACTER AND SELFCONTROL headquarters, being the most centrally located spot among the several

missions. Since President Tuttle

arrived in Montevideo with his family on August 25, 1961, his work has

RICHARD L. EVANS taken him thousands of miles around

South America, making possible a

Last week we closed with these words from Carlyle: "Over the times thou close supervision and coordinatiop

hast no power.... Solely over one man... thou hast quite absolute... of efforts among the various missions

power—Him redeem and make honest."1 This puts repentance and imwhich was never before attainable.]

provement, and indeed all the choices and decisions of life, right back Other General Authorities who where basically they have to be—with each of us, inside ourselves, and have visited South America in t\\e

faces us with the fact that the direction of life comes down, largely, to a interest of missionary work are question of character, which, in essence, is a question of selfcontrol. It is President Stephen L Richards, 1948

true that there are adverse influences, adverse examples; that there are President David O. McKay, 1954

pressures that come to play upon us, appetites, desires, inducements that Elder Mark E. Petersen, 195455

pull us in different directions; but out of all this we have to select, we President Henry D. Moyle, 1956

have to decide. "A thousand ills come in through the open door of Elder Spencer W. Kimball, 1958

unresisted temptation,"2 said David Starr Jordan. And out of all that is Elder Harold B. Lee, 1959; and

offered, a man has to choose, to make up his mind; and he who can't President Hugh B. Brown, January

differentiate or who cannot resolutely choose right, or he who hasn't and February 1963. On his return,

selfcontrol has no assuredly sound future, for he cannot be counted on to President Brown reported "the South make sound decisions. Sometimes men make foolish decisions by being American missions are in good

headstrong, by not seeking or accepting counsel, by being too conceitedly condition, under good leadership, sure of themselves. There is safety in seeking counsel, with honest humility, and all seem to be in the best

from sincere and wholesome sources, and seeking it also from the Highest of spirits."

of missuccess the Emphasizing said "Selfcontrol,"problem. to every a prayerful with approachSource

there, President Brown sionary work. that "is humility. temptation. "3 "Every Sigourney, prompted byLydia missions of that the 71 out pointed

is that encouraged, Fiske, aspiration is "every resisted,"noble added John there were the world throughout is bitter withheld, that is repressed, that sinful every word thoughtevery conbaptized more only which 19 its is [tending us] [to] that toward great which movement... impetusadds missionary for in each verts 1962

a richer life and higher character."4 This recalls another seldom quoted than the average of the seven South most against the to havequote: you want you know "Do man whom missions. an averFrom American

fair will lookingglass give a yourself? very Your to you guardreason in baptisms convert of 1,000 age 3 to of all is to success secret his of face."likeness know "The how of the 1959, number 1958, 1957, and 6deny yourself."to swelled joining the Church people

2,000 in 1960, 6,000 in 1961, and to

Carlyle.'Thomas Jordan, The Quest for Unearned Happiness. 8,861 in 1962. There are now some2David Starr

American (17911865),3Lydia H. Sigourney author. 29,300 members, with one half of author. American (18421901),John Fiske

Richard Whately (17871863), English clergy. this number having been baptized

"Roswell D. Hitchcock (181787), American actor. in the last two years.

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square presented over KSL and die Columbia The year 1961 witnessed at least

Broadcasting System, February 3, 1963. Copyright 1963. one other significant milestone in

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *..; mmmm i innh at s fust the

Recently 50 men started removing a 1967 increased copper production will million tons of rock and earth near make Kennecott a sounder Utah busiKennecott's Bingham Canyon Mine. ness than ever.

These temporary jobs are the result of the first step in Kennecott's $100mil- Continued Kennecott operations mean lion program to increase the production a lot to Utah: jobs in copper production,

of copper in Utah. jobs with companies that do business

with Kennecott's employees, jobs with

As the program moves forward, there companies that sell Kennecott millions will be many similar jobs in such projects of dollars worth of supplies and services as the construction of miles of truck every year, plus substantial state and roads, a new precipitation plant, a new local taxes paid by Kennecott.

crushing plant and a maintenance shop.

Starting with the birth of 50 new jobs,

Kennecott's expansion program will produce benefits for all Utahns.

Utah Copper DivisionKennecott Copper Corporation

MAY 1963 39S tone South American mission history. On auxiliaries in the missions, the burin the FebruaryBuenos Aires,2nd allof Souththat Americanyear, in todensbe ofturnedmaintaininginto a meetinghousea home readyat

finest mission presidents met with Brothers a moment's notice, a kitchen ready

Wendell Mendenhall, H. Dyke Walto assume the requirements of a

tradition ton, and William Jackson of the restaurant at any time of the day central building committee of the or night, and bedrooms ready to

Church. Here it was announced accommodate two to three times the

that the church building committee standard number of occupants. In

missionary program which had addition, they have been prepared brought about the construction of at a second's warning to accompany hundreds of chapels and district their husbands on quick trips.

centers in the Pacific and other areas All these things—and more—they

of the Church would now be inauguhave been willing to 1 do, always in rated in South America. Building the background, but with a testisupervisors would be brought from mony which has given of its quiet

the United States, and building misstrength to the mission presidents.

sionaries would be called from Otherwise they couldn't have carried among the local members to serve on their work so satisfactorily. The

Worshipful, inspiring tone in for periods of two years each, Church itself could not have prothe tradition of the world's donating their time exclusively to gressed so spectacularly without the great organs for every requirebuilding chapels. In addition, much quiet, unassuming faith and the

ment.. in every price range. would be expected from the rest of painstaking diligence of these wives

Visit our studio for a tonal the local members, both in labor and of the mission presidents.

demonstration of the Allen in contributions to the support of the And yet, all that has thus far been... "the organ that sounds building missionaries. Montevideo, accomplished in proselyting and

like an organ"Uruguay, was named as the location construction is but a beginning. Up

for headquarters of the members of till now, as was predicted, the mabuilding comSouth American jority of the converts have come MUSIC the SUMMERHAYS chosen later. mittee would be countries of predominantly the who from 3719 South State

of Brazil, 1963, construction 15, As March stock, Argentina, European

Salt Lake City, Utah is differin progress twentyone on since the opening but and Uruguay;

ent chapels in South America and of the Andean and Chilean missions, plans for others are approved and the South American Indians are awaiting the call of a supervisor finally hearing the gospel preached and building missionaries to beto them in force, and are being gin construction. "restored unto the knowledge of

their fathers, and also to the knowlRAIN BIRD A word of tribute should be given for EVERY sprinkling need the valiant wives of the mission edge of Jesus Christ, which was had among their fathers."Just as many

presidents. These women have stood prophecies have already been fulfilled in this land, so can we expect 'a. besideof the gospeltheir husbandsin these inSouththe Amerispread true, as the rest that the will come

can countries. Unsung, largely unChurch in South America continues

honored, they have shouldered the to grow from the tiny acorn of 1925

Whatever requirements your—sprinklinglarge duty of directing the women's into the massive oak of the future.

area, small area, along walks, under trees, hillsides on—there's a THE BUILDERS

Rain Bird model to do the job efficiently without BY ELOISE WADE HACKETT water waste. There are

Bird Rain Sprinklers which They came to wrestle with the wilderness can be adjusted for any part of circle, or full And tame its mighty forces to their will.

circle, and distance of Today the aftermath of their success throw. Allwater give Is richly evident on field and hill.

slow, uniform coverage with maximum watering benefits. With cruder tools than ours they made their way,

And tallied by the fire, these plans fulfilled,

The same high quality and Those yet to be—new meadows put to hay,

advancement,... an ell... another forty tilled. which has New barns

distinguished Rain Bird throughout world years, is for 26 the To those wJw made a neighbor of the earth inherent in every Rain Bird Nature was sometimes foe, but often friend.sprinkler today. you buy

Despite the decades we discern their worthLiterature gladly sent free on request. Work was their precept, peace their dividend.

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

627 N. San Gabriel Avenue, Azusa 4, California

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Do you think Charlie can win a ribbon?

That's what Joan Anderson, 4-H girl, is striving for: FFA to award to deserving members in the West,

a blue ribbon for Charlie at the County Fair. Alaska and Hawaii.

Working for excellence is one of many fine principles Joan Anderson plans to apply for one of these.

which 4-H and Future Farmers of America inspire in

This is part of the nearly $1 million we contribute their youthful members.

annually for scholarships, fellowships, grants, services

Honoring their purposes, our Company annually and materials for schools. We deem

provides 74 firstyear college scholarships for 4-H and it a privilege to give this support.

Planning ahead to serve you better

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

MAY 1963 397 The Church Moves On The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder Frank (Continued from page 342) H. Brown, former president of the...Exclusively known East Central States Mission, as

Kampen of the Riverdale Stake. His associate director of the Missionary

Salt Lake City. as the counselors now are Elder Ernest KelHome in

lerstrass, who had been his second The appointments of Miss Vanja baking powder counselor, and Elder Millen D. AtLouise Yorgason, Miss Trilba Janet

wood. Washington Terrace, origiLindsay, and Mrs. Grace P. Swinwith the nally a housing development during yard as members of the general

World War II, is the 371st stake of board of the Primary Association the Church. It was organized under were announced.

the direction of Elder Harold B. Lee

of the Council of the Twelve and Potomac Stake, the 372nd stake

Elder Alma Sonne, Assistant to the now functioning, was organized

Twelve. from parts of Washington (DC)

Stake by Elder Spencer W. Kimball

DOUBLE ACTION / beganTheMatManseveralfortiethbasketballgymnasiumsannual tournamentallChurchin the ofElderCouncilthe S.CouncilDilworthof the Seventy.ofYoungthe TwelveofElderthe FirstMiland

Salt Lake City area. It was recalled ler F. Shurtleff, formerly second

that the first allChurch tournament counselor to President Milan D.

in 1923 drew teams from four Salt Smith of the Washington Stake, was

CLABBER playedLake Cityat Deseretstakes. GamesGym. were then sustainedStake with asElderspresidentH. Laurenceof PotomacManas F. Dixon

Smith's new GIRL The First Presidency issued a waringcounselors.and PresidentByron

statement commending Church second counselor is Elder June B.

members to support the current Red Thayn. Elder Robert W. Barker

'm Cross fund drive. The statement was continues as his first counselor.

similar to those made by the First Church history was first made in the

J>>* DOUBLE ACTING Presidency for other national fund Washington area when the Prophet drives in the interest of health Joseph Smith came in 1839 with and safety. others for the purpose of laying before the President and the national

MARCH 1963 representatives a recital of the wrongs then being suffered by Workmen finished razing the the Saints.

old Salt Lake Temple annex Elder Howard B. Stone sustained

building. as president of Oahu (Hawaii) Stake

Murray Eighth Ward (Utah) won succeeding President Edward L.

the allChurch M Man senior basClissold who has recently been ketball tournament by defeating Las called as president of the Hawaii

Vegas Eighth (Nevada) by a 7163 Temple. Elders Clinton J. Kanahele

score. Lake View (Roy, Utah) and Kay J. Andersen, who served as

placed third, Sugar City (Idaho) counselors to President Clissold, fourth, Whittier Fourth (Southern were retained as counselors to PresiCalifornia) fifth, and Oakland Third dent Stone.

Bridal Gowns Suitable (California) sixth. In junior play, Elder Richard I. Palmer sustained

Centinela won over its fellow Calias president of San Mateo (Califor Temple Marriages fornia Glendale West Ward with a fornia) Stake succeeding President score of 49 to 46 in an overtime William L. Stoker. Edward L.

nelal third,game. LasLoganVegasEighthSixth(Utah)(Nevada)placed Howarding as counselorsand Frankto PresidentA. Martin,Stoker,servfourth, Valley View Second and were retained as counselors to

Midvale Fourth, both from the Salt President Palmer.

Lake City area, placed fifth and 38 South Main Salt Lake City sixth. Final games were played at President David O. McKay

the University of Utah field house. dedicated the new Bureau of

Some ninetyfour games were played Information building on Temple bv the sixtyfour participating teams. Square as a temporary temple annex

HUNT WYOMING MULE DEER, MOOSE & ELK This year's registered teams in M for the Salt Lake Temple.

from established camp's trophy bucks from Man play were nearly four thousand

September shooting guaranteedpack in camp,

Trail rides June, July and with nearly fortyfive thousand It was announced that PresidDecember.through

August. Good fishing in lakes and streams. players. ing Bishop John H. VandenWrite, Wire or Phone to

GRANT M. BARRUS HUNTING CAMPS

Licensed Afton, Wyo. Guide

Bonded Phone 016M1 Outfitter

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the

Herb Jepko Show

Herb Jepko, host of KSL Radio's new morning shows, 7:15 & 8:00 weekdays

...Now, a new exciting, informal and hilarious program concept

heard each weekday morning on KSL Radio at 7:15 and 8:00

You'll receive news about traffic situations from "The Road runner,"upto-date weather and highway information from

KSL's new Weather Wire, good music, and of course, the inimitable BOB and RAY.

AM INVITATION FROM ALL OF US...

SONG SAYERATTIRED HOMELY,POET BURNSSPORTSBIFF FAMOUSMcLEADERSTWINSBEEORCHESTRABEE PHILOSOPHERCHARLES, *EDDIEPMMER METEOROLOGISTflemmTngCI IFFORn &NATALIEHE IdSTEADCULTURE ARCHER CAMPBELLBELOVEDBARRYSTAR QDIRECTOR

Join the new HERB JEPKO SHOW on

j ALS SHOESIoreJ

berg had succeeded Elder Marion

G. Romney as chairman of the

church welfare general committee.

It was announced that Freda J.

Jensen had been appointed to the general board of the Primary

Association.

DMM Maconganized from(Georgia)parts ofStakeAtlantaorStake with Elder Rayford L. Henderson sustained as president and

Elders Clifford E. Carroll and James

C. Armstrong, Sr., sustained as counselors. The stake, the 373rd now

functioning was organized under the direction of Elders Gordon B. Hinckley and Nathan Eldon Tanner of the

Council of the Twelve. As early as

1843 the state of Georgia was a missionary field. At that time Elder

John U. Eldredge was preaching

there and "many rejoiced."

Elder Lloyd A. Hamilton sustained as president of Twin Falls

A title on the door... rates a Bigelow on the floor Joel(Idaho)A. TateStake,whosucceedinghas been Presidentcalled as

P. S. Are you a barefoot boy, up to your ankles in success? Then share your pride president of the Berlin Mission.

with your clientele. Lay down a lush, lavish Bigelow and luxuriate in quiet and disCounselors to President Hamilton

tinction. Bigelow Carpets are available in special designs, colors and textures. are Elders Rex P. Hall and E. J.

Write for our colorful free brochure on Bigelow commercial carpets to Dept. A, Morgan. President Hamilton and

140 Madison Avenue, New York, N. Y. People who know... buy BIGELOW. Elder Robert W. Ballou had been

serving as counselors to President

Tate. n The First Presidency announced "the appointment of Elder McKay Allphin as president of the

North Central States Mission, succeeding President Clement P. Hilton. President Allphin is president

of the Big Horn (Wyoming) Stake mission and is a contractor in Lovell, Wyoming. He has served in

seventies and elders quorum presidencies and as ward YMMIA superintendent, scoutmaster, and ward teaching supervisor. His wife, Doris

Asay Allphin, will accompany him to the mission assignment. The couple have a married daughter.

The First Presidency announced the appointment of

Elder Rudger C. Atkin as president

of the St. George (Utah) Temple,

succeeding President Harold S.

Snow who has served since 1937.

President Atkin who is president of the St. George East Stake will serve

in the dual capacity as stake and temple president.

RIVER TOURS '63 in tours 31 5 or—6 day—No Sundays

rivers S., U. of Run Mexico, Canada, Alaska BIND YOUR ERAS Sunderland Stake, the sixth

L.D.S.with Guides. rates. Group Explorers, Heavy functioning in England, theScouts, Girls, MIA's, Seminaries, Dads and

Sons, Aaronic Priesthood groups. Individuals Red Fabricated Binders (Continued on page 414) also.or families Travel with originators of popular river boating. Details: CROSS TOURS & only $2.00

EXPLORATIONS INC., 860 So. 1000 E., Orem,

Utah. Start your own home library

400 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Have you ever given thought to the lowly little cardboard tube inside a roll of toilet tissue?

We at Zee do. In fact, we have several grown men who should see what goes on with our tissue. We have an

think about it constantly. And they take that little even larger group of grown men who think Zee, Zee,

cardboard tube very seriously indeed. ("Gentlemen, Zee 24 hours a day. They put Zee tissue through 115

this tube is the backbone of our product.") To make tests. They check the softness. They check the quiltsure of its tubular perfection, they check it, double ing. They check the dotted line that you tear along.

check it, triple check it, even quadruple and quinThey check the strength. They even check the colors

tuple check it. (One of our most important checks is (of special interest to our decorator friends). When

for roundness. It wouldn't do to have all the Zee tissue thinkers and the Zee

the tube flatten out so that small boys tube thinkers have finished their work, couldn't use it for a telescope.) But if what results is one of the best darn rolls

you think we check our tubes a lot, you of toilet tissue that anybody could want.

MAY 1863 401 WHEAT MILL ONLY POSTPAID ANYWHERE Letters IN THE UNITED STATES grind: or Cracks

corn and and wheat, all kinds of hard or soft grains, ORDER V/i lbs. per min. Reports

BY MAIL GUARANTEED SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS PEHRSON HARDWARE 21 15 So, 1 lth East, Salt Lake City

NEW, EASY GUITAR COURSE ON RECORDS.

"I will teach you to play the guitar at parties or perform in public for a hobby or a career. And if you can't learn to play 3 or 4

tunes in a few weeks, I'll refund every penny!"

Here's what you get: TEN big LP records (12",

33V3 RPM, 2 sides) plus books and charts with MISSION SEMINAR Argentine Mission. Included in the pro-

1,000 actual photos PLUS 1846 chord positions gram to strengthen branch administration accompanying songs. Complete course. $34.95 Presidencies and other officials of twentywas the placing of the cornerstone for the

ppd. Write for free literature. GENE LEIS two branches and four districts representnew North Argentine mission home. MisBoulevard, INC., Beach 320 Manhattan STUDIO

2, California. Order Beach Manhattan today! ingrecentlysixteenin a provincesspecial seminarof Argentinafor the Northmet dedicatorysion Presidentprayer.Ronald V. Stone gave the

ERA FOR ALL AGES FROM A WRITER

It's Sno Kone... Cotton Candy.. IIt haveis a greatenjoyedhelptheinEraansweringthrough life'sthe years.problayoutJust a ofnote"Garnishto expressfor pleasurethe Mind,"withespethe

Popcorn time. We have the equiplems, and has so much to offer the very cially the illustration. Thanks for buying

ment... for rent or sale. We have young, the adults, those in the sunset of the article and boosting writing confidence

points. a thousand Thanks also for the teacher. the the supplies for your every need life—and

the Era. copy of to Thanks you all for a fine magazine. extra

to make that extra buck every Sincerely yours, Sincerely, ward, stake, mutual or Boy Scout Johannah Dunn Helen Lemmon troop needs. Scranton, Pennsylvania Darrington, Washington

Write or call

THEATRE CANDY DISTRIBUTING CO.

1 232 South State Street SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH EMpire 4-3669

Member of National Association of Concessionaires and can take care of your needs through associates ANYWHERE IN THE UNITED STATES.

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS SIXTEEN EAGLES in the Cedar Breaks Scouting District.

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple Twelve of the Scouts honored are less years of age. fourteen City Scout 347, Seventh than Cedar Troopsore throat and other minor mouth Boy sixteen boys represented ) Stake, achieved The Cedar ( Utah West Ward,and throat irritations. a new record in scouting advancement percent of the currently registeredover troopforty

recently when sixteen boys received the membership. Five more boys will soon

Eagle Scout award at special ceremonies qualify for the award. HALL'S REMEDY

Salt Lake City. Utah

k -*< >ao-m-n-aw* <>- n NHBKHIll(l'l)<rlH'l'402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HISTORICAL IMPORTANCE AUTHOR WRITES AWARD WINNERS

The Era is a welcome guest in our home, Thank you so much for including my little Seven members of the Vineyard Ward, and we always enjoy the outstanding artistory, "The Pride of Red Eagle,"in your Orem West (Utah) Stake, recently recles. We were particularly interested in special November issue. It is indeed ceived individual awards for their work

Carter E. Grant's article about the iman honor. in the YWMIA program. They are (1-r),

portant historical events of the Prophet Will you, also, convey my appreciation front row, Glee Bunnell, Mary Ellen SornJoseph Smith's home, as well as the outto the artist for his illustration of it. That sen, Joyce Anderson; second row, Myrna

standing pictures in the March number. is exactly how I would have drawn Red Gammon, Sharon Morrell, Pauline SornWe appreciate the many, many hours Eagle—if I could. sen; back row, ward leaders Verda Jenkins,

of research he has made to give us this Thank you. Sincerely, Ella May Smith, and Bernice Rawlings.

fine article and many others he has H. Joan Owen Not pictured is Emily Ann Clegg, now

written for the Era. Ogden, Utah serving a mission to Hawaii.

Respectfully, Mr. and Mrs. E. D. Mann MISSIONARY TOOL

Bountiful, Utah Here in Scotland, as in all other missions,

NEW APPOINTMENT ourjust greatestwhat ourtoolpeople,in showingleaders, investigatorsand teachings are like is The Improvement Era.

Rex Lee, 1960 stuAfter leaving an issue in someone's home dent body president for a couple of days, the person will reat BYU, is one of turn it with such comments as, "Well, your two seniors in the church certainly is well organized,"or "I law school of the can see your youth have excellent training

University of Chiand counsel; I wish we had as much in

cago, receiving apour church,"or "That's where our church pointments as clerks falls down, not providing enough activity."

to two United States We are firmly convinced that a family

Supreme Court juscan be stirred and touched just by reading tices. He will serve an Era.

with Justice Byron In short, the Era is next to the Book

White. The new appointee is a member of Mormon for a missionary tool. There

of the editorial board of the Law Review should be an Era in every investigator's published by the university and has had home.

the highest scholastic average in his class Sincerely, for the past three years. He is a native Elder J. A. Gaines

of St. Johns, Arizona. Elder D. N. Olsen

Save $30.00 Now!

KEYSTONE 8mm K-717AH ZOOM MOVIE CAMERA Fully Automatic, Electric Eye Smooth zoom control—coupled with

viewfinder. Manual control for special

effects. Builtin "A"filter. Film speeds

from ASA 1040. Fast fl.8 sets itself

... indoors or out. Try it!

Was $9995 95 NOW ONLY *69

Lake City: 273 S. Main - 155 S. Main - 2190 Highland Dr.

en: 2443 Washington Blvd.; Provo: 161 W. Center Street

Idaho Falls: 446 Park Avenue

MAY 1963 403 The principles of the gospel are eternal in their nature and are timely in all ages. At any moment in history

they may be applied and will be found appropriate and completely applicable. This is true of the home

teaching program, old itself, but newly applied in our day. \* Those of us who were of sufficient years in age sat

MflCHIZEDEK in the conference session of the priesthood of the

Church (whether in the Tabernacle or by closedPRIESTHOOD circuit radio) and witnessed once more the flexibility of one of these eternal principles; for we had seen in

our span of years the changes which have come about in the application of the teaching program of the '

Church. In our youth, because Salt Lake City was a M

center, and the pioneer families built their towns and homes using the city as a model, it was called the "Block Teaching"program. To the uninitiated

it would have needed to be explained that the word THE "block"meant a city block, a square section of the city enclosed by four streets, containing ten acres, and homes numbering from one to twenty. Those

living away from the towns on the farm were visited HOME by the block teachers even though the term did not quite apply. In those days when the call rang through

TEACHER

the house, "The block teachers are here,"one did not one hundred thirty three years ago:

ignore the call with impunity. The family gathered "The teacher's duty is to watch over the church

together, and the head of the house placed himself, always, and be with and strengthen them;

his wife, and his offspring in the hands of the teachers "And see that there is no iniquity in the church, during their visit. One, as a child, might not have neither hardness with each other, neither lying, backbeen entertained during the visit, but he could not biting, or evil speaking;

have failed to be impressed that it was an important "And see that the church meet together often, and part of his life. Even as we listened to the word of also see that all the members do their duty."

warning and instruction of those humble men, so on (D&C 20:5355.)

that Saturday night last April 1963, we listened to the But how do we do it in 1963? The bishop is the

plain, humble instructions of the brethren. For, in a active head of the new approach, with the close

sense, we were gathered together by the head of the support of the quorum leaders. He will direct the

household of God to listen to the message of the assignments and the calls to teach, but he will call teachers. They were not "block"teachers, we disupon the presidencies of the quorums of the priestcovered, but were "home"teachers. The name had hood to direct the effort as it applies to their quorum

been changed to match the age of our mode of life. members. There will be a close coordination of

Were there changes in emphasis? Decidedly yes. this effort.

The priesthood is being marshalled to give its full And what is the responsibility of the quorum presistrength to the project. Where formerly the teachers dency? To visit and work with quorum members

were an island in a sea of organization having no and their families. This work has also had special

apparent connection to anyone except the bishop, to emphasis during the past decades. Presidencies and

whom they were to report monthly in a meeting to quorums have been preparing for this new unified which few appeared to report, now the heavily overprogram in the same manner and at the same time worked bishop is to have the backing of the full as have the welfare leaders.

strength of the priesthood quorum. Under the direction of this unified leadership, the

As a preliminary to this new approach, the Lord "home teachers"will be given responsibility for the in his wisdom inspired the welfare program back in families in their care. This responsibility will cover

1936. Here, one learned, that the welfare (and it was the whole range of their spiritual, physical, and mental

at that time interpreted as physical welfare) of a man wellbeing. This pair of home teachers carries the

rested with the bishop as it concerned his immediate aweinspiring task now to "watch over the church...

needs. The immediate relief of the need for food, and he with and strengthen them."In their hands is

shelter, and clothing of. a man and his family was the complete program.

the bishop's concern. He in turn, if necessary, was In the past there have been many "watchers."And

expected to call in the man's quorum president to help because there were many watching, being everysolve the longterm needs. These had to do with body's business, became nobody's business. If the

employment, improvement in economic earning members of a whole community are appointed to power, and help toward better living standards. As waich out to sea for storms and wrecks, they soon

the quorums learned to take this physical responsigrow tired. But place the safety of those at sea on

bility, the emphasis began to be placed on prevention the lone guardsman, tramping his lonely beat and of the physical need, and the improvement of the knowing that lives are in his hands, he faithfully spiritual quality of the man being helped. We have performs his task. Because he is ever alert, he is on

reached the condition where we see that the welfare hand the moment danger threatens, or need of a man, his family, and their salvation, both physical is manifest.

and spiritual, is the joint responsibility of the bishop Such a one is the home teacher. To him and his

and the quorum of the priesthood. It may come as a companion is assigned the guardianship of the family

considerable surprise to many that young Jim Doe on the sea of life, attempting to find safe entrance and his lack of interest in Church or school is a welinto the harbor. Let him not fail to keep his vigil.

fare problem as much as his father's lack of employAs for us, this coming season, detail of how to ment or illness. proceed and when to start will be taught and demonSo on that Saturday we heard an emphasis given strated by the authorities at conferences to be held.

to the commandment of the Lord to the Church. The Every presidency of the priesthood will want to be

commandment is as new, invigorating, and as fresh present at these meetings to learn the new applicaas it was when given in that day back in April 1830, tion of the revelation given in 1830.

MAY 1963 405 THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC'S PAGE

ADVICE FROM PRESIDENT A. RAY OLPIN

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Through all of recorded history men have sought to extend the range of their understanding and to push back the limits of the unknown. Man's insatiable

desire to know what lies beyond the horizon has led him to explore the four corners of the globe, to probe deep beneath the surface of the sea, to drill far into the crust of the earth, to peer intently into the heavens, to collect and classify all kinds of living and nonliving things, to study the wonderful workings of the human mind and body.

The study of man's steady accumulation of knowledge through the march of the centuries is a fascinating tale of adventure, of triumph, and of occasional failure. It is a tale that many of you already know

much about, and you know also that man's knowledge of his surroundings and of himself is increasing at a rapidly accelerating rate. The day when a great

intellect like Aristotle or a veritable genius like

Leonardo da Vinci could comprehend most, if not all, 99 of what was known to man has long since passed.

Now, after a lifetime of work and study, it is possible YOU for a single individual to encompass intellectually only a limited part of the known universe.

During the past one hundred and thirtythree years the applications of man's accumulated knowledge have literally transformed the world and have, for rising millions of people, reduced drudgery, prolonged life, improved health, and vastly extended the possibilities ADVICE for their enjoyment of the natural wonders of the world and the rich cultural heritage of the human race. TO Now, as never before, it is important that a young

man decide, while he is in his teens, upon an area YOUNG of knowledge which he will master, and thus prepare himself to make a valuable contribution in a society MEN where muscle and brawn have long since been replaced by specific, technical skills and highly developed brain power. It is true, of course, that much

406 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of this specialized capacity is the result of experience A. Ray Olpin has been the president of the University of

and development "on the job"; but if you expect to degreeUtah sincein physicsJanuaryand mathematics1946. He fromreceivedColumbiahis doctorateUniverget a job of consequence in the highly complex world sity. He has taught or directed research at BYU, Columbia University, Brooklyn Polytechnical Institute, Ohio

of today, you must prepare yourself by study and State University, and Bell Telephone Laboratories. Since

practice during your years in school. serving as a missionary in Japan, Dr. Olpin has received

By now, all of you have completed the elementary assignmentsrently on a threemonthfrom the USassignmentState Department.for the FordHeFoundais curgrades. You have mastered, I hope, the basic tools tion to Japan.

of learning and communication: reading, writing,

speaking, and elementary mathematical calculations.

Many of you have made a beginning in the study of THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD RESTORED science. You have become acquainted, through the While Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery were

study of history, with many of the great men and laboring in the work of translating the Book of women who have contributed to human progress. Mormon from the ancient metal plates, they came

Some of you know already, or are learning, a second upon a passage about "baptism for the remission language. Some of you have developed proficiency of sins."After discussing the subject they decided

in an appreciation for music and other fine arts. Many to seek additional information regarding this

of you have already acquired a high degree of techordinance. To receive an answer to their query,

nical ability in particular trades. You have experithey went southward to a nearby wood on the

enced the satisfaction and realized the benefits of banks of the Susquehanna River in Harmony, vigorous participation in sports. You are on the Pennsylvania, and sought direction from the Lord

threshold of manhood; you are discovering that in prayer. They had not prayed long when a

young ladies are charming, and some of you are personage appeared, addressing them as his falling in love. "fellow servants."This divine messenger anThrough your church activity you have learned of nounced himself to be John the Baptist who had

the importance of religion in giving meaning to life, baptized Jesus Christ in the River Jordan. Laying

and you have been taught gospel principles that will his hands upon the heads of Joseph and Oliver, enrich your lives and give you strength to meet diffiJohn the Baptist declared:

culty and sorrow as well as success and acclaim. "Upon you my fellow servants, in the name of

If I may offer just one piece of advice to each of Messiah I confer the Priesthood of Aaron, which you, it is this: Take advantage of every opportunity holds the keys of the ministering of angels, and

to increase your fund of knowledge. Decide upon of the gospel of repentance, and of baptism by

your vocational goal and work steadily to achieve it. immersion for the remission of sins; and this

The better your education, the greater your initial shall never be taken again from the earth, until opportunities in your vocation will be. the sons of Levi do offer again an offering unto

There is excitement and satisfaction in learning, the Lord in righteousness."(D&C 13.)

both in your chosen area of specialization and in other After this ordination, he gave them direction realms of knowledge. Whether you become a busito baptize each other. "Accordingly we went and

nessman or an engineer, a cattleman or a dentist, a were baptized. I baptized him first, and afterplumber or an architect, you can find lifelong pleasure wards he baptized me, after which I laid my

in exploring the works of great poets and playwrights, hands upon his head and ordained him to the novelists and philosophers, scientists and historians. Aaronic Priesthood, and afterwards he laid his

Finally, because I have been associated with educahands on me and ordained me to the same Priesttional enterprises during the major part of my life, hood—for so we were commanded."(DHC,

may I urge you seriously to consider teaching as a Vol. 1, p. 39.)

career. In no other occupation is there greater opporThis important and significant event occurred

tunity than to be constantly involved in the excitement Friday, May 15, 1829. It is a date that every

of learning. In no other occupation is there greater member of the Aaronic Priesthood should know

opportunity for service to one's fellow men. In no and remember. Every holder of the Aaronic

other occupation is there greater need for people of Priesthood should remember that he, as a bearer talent and imagination. To a very large degree, the of the priesthood, is a representative and ambassastrength of our country and the fate of freedom dor of God. This places upon him great responsithroughout the world will ultimately be determined bility and requires clean hands and a pure heart

by the quality of our education. to properly magnify this sacred trust.

MAY 1963 407 Little girls, With pony tails, Hovering over dolls Will soon be Mothers Tall and mature with

Little girls, Cooing over dolls.

It's an endless chain, Linking together Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow.

Mothers are Very much like Their mothers, and Mothers are Very much like Their daughters.

The chain continues.

Each link As strong as The preceding link, and tzz Each link As strong as **; '

The succeeding link.

Mothers make Able their Daughters By their being Mature and Understanding and By loving Those little girls Each minute of each Day. "Thank heaven

for little girls.

They grow up In the most delightful Way."

:-::..:....:::-.:'. '

\*m

lltnn

wi Hj|*

Hull ill* mt% mtw

h-lpsP

tiS.iVi'V: -''

TODAY'S FAMILY FLORENCE B. PINNOCK, EDITOR

What will little girls learn about cooking if everyBasic Butter Rolls thing they make comes out of a package? All they

will really learn is how to open packages. And that Basic Bread

won't do, because soon they will be mothers, and mothers should know the basic steps in making cakes, Baking Powder Biscuits cookies, bread, rolls, soups, and whole dinners. Little

girls, on tall stools, can learn to mix ingredients Walnut Dream Bar together and have a delicious something be the result. Then the day will soon come when they can Sponge Cake

keep on mixing ingredients together so as to feed their husbands and children. This good, nutritious Kuick Kake

home cooking results in happy families.

Mothers, with your patience and working at top Best Fudge Cake speed, try to teach these little "tall stool sitters"some good basic recipes. (Continued next page) Chocolate Frosting

MAY 1S6S 409 Combine all dry ingredients in a Mix thoroughly. Press into a pan

large bowl or pan. Stir in the warm 11 by 17 inches. Cover the entire

water and the dissolved yeast. bottom of the pan. Bake at 350

Knead (adding flour if needed) for degrees F. until a very light brown,

about 10 minutes. Place in a wellabout 10 minutes. In the meangreased pan and cover. Let rise in time mix:

a warm place (82 degrees) until double in bulk. Knead again for 2 wellbeaten eggs

about 2 minutes, put back in pan, 2 cups brown sugar and let it double in bulk again. 3 cups coconut

Divide into 4 parts for loaves. Let P/3 cups coarsely chopped walnuts

rest for 10 minutes. Form into Vz teaspoon salt

loaves in loaf pans and let rise 1 teaspoon baking powder covered with a cloth in a warm 4 tablespoons flour place until doubled in bulk. Bake 1 teaspoon vanilla

at 400 degrees F. for 10 minutes

and continue baking at 350 degrees Add the brown sugar to the beaten

F. for about 40 more minutes. eggs and beat well to dissolve the

To make really good bread use sugar. Add the rest of the inthe finest ingredients and don't try gredients and mix thoroughly. Spoon

to hurry the process along. Let it over the warm baked crust. Bake

rise in a warm room. Kneading the about 15 minutes at 350 degrees F.

bread can be fun. Don't stop until When cool, frost thinly with a

your hands are entirely free from powdered sugar, milk, and butter the dough, and the dough is satin frosting. Cut into squares, serve,

smooth with air bubbles just under and enjoy.

the surface. This bread may be

Basic Butter Rolls baked in many different ways. Basic Economical Sponge

Bread biscuits are delicious—soft in Cake

2 yeast cakes the center and crisp on the outside.

IV2 cups scalded milk Break off rounds of dough as big as 2 eggs, separated 2 eggs an egg, form into a ball, place in IV2 cups sugar

Va pound butter wellbuttered muffin tins, and let 2V4 cups sifted cake flour

V2 cup water rise at least two hours, or until 3 teaspoons baking powder 1 teaspoon salt very light. 1 teaspoon salt

2 tablespoons sugar V3 cup cooking oil

Basic Baking Powder 1 cup milk

Scald the milk, add the cold water, Biscuits (makes 20 biscuits) P/2 teaspoons vanilla salt, and sugar. Beat the eggs and

add the scalded milk mixture. Break 2 cups flour (not sifted) Beat the egg whites until frothy.

the yeast into the mixture. Beat and 3 teaspoons baking powder Slowly beat in V2 cup of the sugar.

add the flour, and beat well. Let 1 teaspoon salt Beat until stiff. Sift the remaining

stand covered in a warm place until 4 tablespoons chilled shortening sugar, with the baking powder, flour, and salt into another bowl.double in bulk. Roll out to 18 by % cup milk

oil, of milk, half the cooking Add softened the with spread12 inches, in the ingredients, cut dry Mix vanilla. 1 minute Beat and medium strips, V-k intobutter. inch Cut until looks mixture the shortening or the mixer on speed hand by strips lengths inch into andcut 1% milk. in Stir like the cornmeal. sides the beater. Scrape bottom and threestack together stand and on lightly lightly times 10 on Knead constantly. of the the bowl Add tins. in muffin Let greasedend Vz to inch out Roll floured board. milk, yolks, beat remaining egg and in bulk until doublestand covered cutter. biscuit thick, floured with cut in 1 the more. minute Fold until F. at degreesagain. 425 Bake greased well sheet Place baking on into greased oblong meringue. Pourgolden brown. butter. with Brush with melted at F. degrees 350 and bake pan

butter and bake in a 450 degree F. about 40 minutes. Cool and remove

Basic Bread oven about 10 minutes or until from pan. Delicious with butter

(from mothers'files) golden brown. frosting or frosted with sweetened

If you are interested in one of whipped cream.

4 tablespoons sugar the most delicious cookies ever 4 tablespoons melted shortening made, try this unusual Walnut Kuick Kake (one bowl cake) 4 teaspoons salt Dream Bar.

4 cups warm water 4 eggs 1 cup powdered milk Walnut Dream Bar 21 cupscup milk,sugar,scaldedscant to10 12 cups flour 1 yeast cake or 1 package of granuV2 cup butter 1 tablespoon butter melted in lar yeast dissolved in xk cup 1 cup flour scalded milk lukewarm water V2 cup brown sugar 2 cups cake flour

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA teaspoons 2 baking powder hed Moment V2 salt teaspoon 1 teaspoon vanilla

Beat the whole eggs, add 1 cup edding announcesugar and continue beating. Add wVV

the other cup of sugar then the ments for that important scalded milk to which has been added the butter. Beat. Add dry event. A wide selection of

ingredients all at once and beat with mixer turned slow. Bake in three styles and cards that would

layers in greased pans at 350 degrees please the most discrim-

F. Frost with a brown sugar 7

minute frosting. inating bride.

A chocolate cake is always a favorite in any group, and this special one is unusual in its velvety The West's Finest richness. It makes a party of any Printers and Binders

dinner. It also has excellent keeping qualities, that is if you have a

good hiding place! Deseret

Basic Best Fudge Cake % cup soft butterFA cups sugar News 2 eggs 1 teaspoon vanilla 2V2 1-ounce squares unsweetened 33 RICHARDS ST. Press

chocolate, melted P EM4258l|[ IV4 cups ice water W* SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 2V2 cups sifted cake flour VA teaspoons soda V2 teaspoon salt

Cream the butter, sugar, eggs, and vanilla together and beat for 5 minutes at high mixer or with speed on SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTEL in beater.a rotary the Blend

cooled chocolate. Add the sifted... The Place To Stay... While you're away

dry ingredients to the creamed mixture alternately with the ice water, Ideal for Conference Visitors. Se Rancho features a lovely, large

beating well after each addition. heatedtennis courts,tile pool3 restaurantsand sun anddeck,is fencedadjacentchildren'sto Ranchoplayground,Lanes RecLine two 9-inch layer cake pans with reation Center. Every room boasts NEW radios and TV, with

wax paper, grease and pour in cake power antenna, hi fi tape music, phones with 24 hour switchboard mixture. Bake at 350 degrees F. service, 24 hour message service and offstreet parking. For your

next visit to Salt Lake... Make Se Rancho your home away until or 30 minutesfor about from home. done. 3 with chococake cool, then frostLet

late frosting and trim with walnuts. RESTAURANTS

TEMPLE SQUARE Chocolate Frosting

2 one ounce squares unsweetened chocolate 42 LANE 3 tablespoons hot water 2 cups sifted powdered sugar BOWLING 1 egg AND V& cup butter 1 teaspoon vanilla RECREATION CENTER Melt chocolate in bowl over hot SE RANCHO MOTOR HOTELwater. Remove from heat and blend

in sugar and water. Beat well with 640 WEST NO. TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

electric mixer. Beat in egg, butter,

and vanilla. Beat at top speed for

5 minutes.

MAY 1963 411 Use BASIC-H THE ALLPURPOSE SURFACE CLEANER

Unlike detergents and soaps, Basic-

H contains no harsh solvents or alkalis, so safe, so gentle it will not irritate skin or deteriorate fabrics.

Yet, because it is a chemically balanced, completely organic combination of oils, Basic-H is powerful enough for the toughest cleaning jobs.

Use BASIC-H for FundRaising Your Church group can earn from $100 to $400 a month regularly because Basic-H is a highquality product which sells easily.

Use BASIC-H for Extra Money Supplement your income selling Basic-H. It's easy to earn from $20 to

$100 a month in your spare time. Or,

build a real career with Basic-H sales. Enjoy good returns now and

retirement income later. Ideal for

husband and wife selling teams.

Send coupon for sample and details. LIKE KNITTING

BY GENEVIEVE VAN WAGENEN Reduce with SURE MEAL Now is the time to start trimming and slimming down for spring and My little daughter Shauna had a colors. Grandmothers were knitting

summer. You can do it with the dedesire to learn to knit. Together for precious grandchildren. Several

licious, safe dietary, SURE MEAL. we went to the needlework departyoung women were knitting sweaters

ment in one of the large department for that special boy in their life.

there their goal; instructor, Perfection stores. was the Mrs. McKean,LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY

for him. select mistakes—not for could a pattern be no helped Shauna

TABLETS for New Pep some houseslippers, a pattern not Some patrons knit many hours under too difficult for a beginner. She the watchful eye of the instructor.

in only long enough of Others dropped the kind yarn and& Vigor recommended or instruction additional to to receive purchase. the size of needles

We believe these to be the very Then with patience and kindness she to correct a mistake. As they came

finest natural vitamin and mineral taught Shauna the fundamentals of and went, I became increasingly tablets obtainable anywhere. knitting—how to hold the needles aware of the many mistakes even

and the yarn, how to cast on, to experienced knitters made. "I don't

DON LYMAN & ASSOCIATES purl, and to knit. Shauna's little know what I've done wrong, Mrs.

9th South East 1087 City Salt 5, Utah hands were awkward at first, but McKean, but I need your help,"Lake

Please send me the following: with each practice row, her task was a phrase repeated time and

BASIC-H became easier. When we were time again.

1 -Quart Sample—2 Squeeze Botttles $2.00 ready to leave, Mrs. McKean wrote The welltrained and experienced

to Reduce SURE MEAL mistake a spot could could Mrs. instructions, so Shauna McKean some

Chocolate Size $4.75 20Meal tell in a could them hurry. She at practise home. Size 9.00 Vanilla 40Meal P wrong. "You done they had what trip to the needlesecond our Size 45.00 Maple 240Meal On D

Butterscotch work department, Mrs. McKean forgot to cast off here,"she would

LYMAN'S DAILY SUPPLY TABLETS started Shauna on the slippers. I say, pointing to the mistake, or "you VITAMINMINERAL

D 500 Tablets (1 Bottle) $8.95 took my needle point along and should have purled instead of knit

D 100 Tablets (1 Bottle) 1.95 worked while she knit. The room when you came to this point."Some

I am interested in Q FundRaising was full of women and girls of all errors she could quickly remedy;

G Supplementing My Income ages, all busily knitting. Most of and with a crochet hook, "know

A Real Career them were knitting sweaters; there how,"and clever manipulation, she

My Name was a wide variety of styles and could right a wrong and start the

My Address

City Zone State

412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA knitters happily on their way again.

More serious errors called for the /1 JU, NEW AMERICA Cooec/4 MOTELwork to be completely undone or "pulled out"to the point of error.

"You will have to unravel it clear down to this point,"Mrs. McKean

told one woman sympathetically. A

wail of woe escaped the woman's lips, and discouragement darkened said the salt lake cityher face. "I can't do it,"

woman. "Why, that is two whole

days work... wasted!"But

even as she spoke she began the unraveling.

"I know how you feel,"consoled

Mrs. McKean, "but this mistake

all your measurements throwwould never be happy GRADUATION OR WEDDING GIFT? wouldout. You

with your sweater, it would never Nothing finer than a twelvetime-a-year gift. Give

fit or look right."

I looked at the unhappy woman, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA unraveling her mistake. I thought, Only $3.00 We send the gift card

regardless of how painful it is—

wouldn't it be wonderful if we could unravel or undo some of life's mistakes as quickly, as easily, and as 1st completely. I thought of some $MiaiccMS raismh in childof the CHOICE mistakes made

To Compliment IN OVER tragic Iing. recalled recent some Folding Pedestal

Temple Your 40,000 juvenile delininvolvingheadlines TABLES

Marriage CHURCHES the onquents pondered some of and mistakes which must have thrown Replica of actual their measurements or values out Temple is relief of line and caused them to be embossedreception folder.on the

such misfits.

Leader Over For wish escaped my heart, A silent

Century! Half A II 'I 100 only lives in people'sthat the mistakes

Every year more churches buy knitting, andcould be undone—like Tables! Real Monroe proof you $8.95 save direct buying money from starta fresh and made. a new Then Folding Oban's Monroe. Many models and Thermographed

sizes. Also direct savfactory it can! to thought camehappy me—Lettering Raised ings to churches, schools and

It can! other organizations on folding

chairs, table chair and storage Also for $5.95. as as styles 100 low is Other like knitting. Life very much trucks, portable partitions, $ catalog for FREE Write Albums. Marriage Temple choral risers, stages. Tested h first practice eight are yearsThe i:: "DONOR PLAN"and color desired.) new (state temple invitation samples and

catalog the Writeyears, of accounttoday! before "age

Table and Chair Idaho Rexburg,ability."precious these REXCRAFTStorage During Trucks THE CO. MONROEFREE!

for airmail sent 25#) (Catalog St., Church 249 Colfax, Iowa practise learnyears should and we

the fundamentals of life. And what

are the fundamentals? The Lord

IT!clearly stated them and commanded YOU CAN RENT

parents to teach them to their children. The Doctrine and Covenants declares: "And again, inasHOWE RENTS

much as parents have children in SALES AND RENTALS

Zion, or in any of her stakes which are organized, that teach them not Beds—Wheel Chairs

to understand the doctrine of reCommodes—Crutches

pentance, faith in Christ the Son

Dishes Tables Chairs——

of baptism livingof the God, and

Grills—Bowls Punch

the gift of Ghost the by Holyand Silverwarethe laying on of the hands, when eight years old, the sin be upon the Tractors—Forklffts

heads of the parents. Trucks—Air Compressors

"For this shall be a law unto the All Types Tools inhabitants of Zion, or in any of her Salt Lake City stakes which are organized. 2375 South State 4860055

Ogden 1627 Washington Blvd EX 4-9414

MAY 1963 413 "And their children shall be bapciate the advantage and help it can for us—it would if we. understood

tized for the remission of their sins be to them. In the Doctrine and the value of it. Repentance is a

when eight years old, and receive Covenants we read: "For what doth privilege! It is an opportunity to

the laying on of the hands. it profit a man if a gift is bestowed right a wrong. But, like the woman

"And they shall also teach their upon him, and he receive not the knitter who hesitates to unravel children to pray, and to walk upgift? Behold, he rejoices not in that hundreds of yards of yarn and sevrightly before the Lord."(D&C which is given unto him, neither eral days'labor—we too find it diffi68:2528.) rejoices in him who is the giver of cult to repent and undo our mistakes.

Having practised and learned the the gift."(/bid, 88:33.) "Decrease"and "cast off"are fafundamentals, having selected the We must treasure this most pricemiliar terms to the experienced

pattern we desire to follow, that of less gift of the Holy Ghost. We knitter. They are necessary steps

eternal life and exaltation, we are must live worthy of his companionone must take to achieve perfection:

baptized, and all our past mistakes ship and help. Like the knitters to give shape, proper fit, and beauty

are forgiven. We are confirmed who seek the help of their instructo the garment. Speaking in terms

members of the Church and are tor, we too must ask and seek the of knitting and repentance, there given the gift of the Holy Ghost. help of the Holy Ghost. are many things in life we should

Oh, priceless gift! A gift from our Our instructions for eternal life "cast off"and eliminate, such as

Heavenly Father! Given at a most are contained in the gospel. If we selfishness, faultfinding, jealousy,

crucial time in our life—for we have follow them closely, we will avoid intolerance, hatreds, dishonesty, and

now reached the "age of accounterrors. Should we make an error—envy, to mention just a few.

ability."And why is this gift so we must correct it immediately. We As Latterday Saints we have

important? Because the Holy Ghost must not continue on, for like chosen a most exquisite pattern: the

is our instructor. He will guide us in knitting, nothing is to be gained or pattern of eternal life and exaltation.

following the pattern. He underprogress made as long as the error The work is most exacting, it

stands all things; his wisdom can remains. But how do we correct requires perfection. Jesus admonnot be measured. His mission is to it? By repenting! ished us: "Be ye therefore perfect,

testify of all truth, to bring light The Lord has declared: "Behold, even as your Father which is in

and knowledge, to guide and direct he who has repented of his sins, the heaven is perfect."(Matt. 5:48.)

us, to guard and protect us. We, same is forgiven, and I, the Lord, Perfection is our aim—our goal.

who are so inexperienced in the art remember them no more."(Ibid., There is an axiom which says:

of living, need the guidance and 58:42.) "To err is human, to forgive, divine."

direction of the Holy Ghost. The doctrine of repentance is one We could paraphrase this to read:

Manv Latterday Saints who have'we all need to practise more. We To err is human, to repent is tohad this great gift given to them should more readily recognize our ward perfection.

do not comprehend its purpose, mistakes and be willing to correct We can attain perfection through neither do they understand or apprethem. Repentance should come easy repentance.

The Church Moves On as counselors. They succeed Presica. He will succeed D. L. Roberts

dent Lloyd Sorensen and his counwho has been director since 1950, retire will 1. Elder August Elders Emerson C. Neff and and who ( Continued from page 400) selors,

is Scout Executive Peterson. Brown, Louis E. who now

at Fresno, California, is a native of 374th in the Church was organized Elder Ernest J. Whiting, Jr., Ogden and attended both Weber

by Elder Mark E. Petersen of the sustained as president of FlagCollege and Utah State University.

Council of the Twelve, Elder Bernstaff (Arizona) Stake succeeding As a young man he filled a mission ard P. Brockbank, Assistant to the President Burton R. Smith. Counin the Central States. He is a former

Council of the Twelve, and Elder selors to President Whiting are Elbishop of a ward in Stockton, CaliMarion D. Hanks of the First Counder Frank J. Randall, who held this fornia. Elder Brown and his family

cil of the Seventy. These three Genposition with President Smith, and are expected to make their home in

eral Authorities are in the British Elder Frank L. Jackson. Elder Richthe Salt Lake City area. BeginIsles as mission presidents. Elder ard M. Allen was released as second ning June 1 Elder Brown will serve

Frederick W. Oates was sustained counselor. as associate director with Elder

as stake president with Elders James Roberts.

Laurie and Keith Taylor sustained as his counselors. The stake was APRIL 1963 The annual conference of the

organized from parts of the SunderPrimary Association opened its land and Hartlepool districts of the Joseph A. Brunton, Jr., Chief twoday sessions in the Tabernacle.

Northeast British Mission. Scout Executive, Boy Scouts of This year, for the first time, attendElder Roscoe P. Eardley sustained America, announced the appointance was limited to stake and misas president of Humboldt (Nevada) ment of Folkman D. Brown as direcsion leaders. These workers will, in

Stake with Elders Homer W. Jaynes, tor of the "Mormon"Relationships turn, instruct the ward and branch

Jr., and Bryce S. Ballard sustained Service of the Boy Scouts of AmeriPrimary people at a later date.

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUMMER

BY G. MORRIS ROWLEY

FIRST COUNSELOR, MURRAY SOUTH STAKE PRESIDENCY

Marion D. Hanks

Editor Elaine Cannon Associate Editor

vere falling in love. At least this

,JUI1 Wda becoming common in the com- m"f the kids laround Browning High School, evidence seemed to justify the comments, hance arrangement of registration placed in fourth period geometry and Bill in ry in rooms which were across the hall

Lch other. Shortly after the lunch bell,

d be found stationed conveniently just outdoor of Geometry II. As Nancy emerged

ass, she would saunter out to meet Bill in ter of the hall, and together they would ith the hunsrrv crowd toward the cafeteria.

Of course, the cafeteria was only one of many "Do I know your father?"

happy opportunities to be together. There were "I imagine so,"said Bill. "We live in the Ninth

the athletic events with Bill playing trombone in Ward now. The bishop just asked my dad to be

the pep band and Nancy leading the cheering the chairman of the genealogical committee."

section. There were the special datedances, the "What did he do in the ward where you

parties, the prom, the senior hop, and the lived before?"

traveling assembly. "He was second counselor in the bishopric. He

It was during the traveling assembly practices was released when we moved."

that their "togetherness"began to seem natural. "Nancy tells me that your mother works in

Bill won the right to represent Browning High the Primary."

with the baritone solo, "Camelot,"and persuaded "Yes,"answered Bill. "She teaches a boys'

Nancy to be his accompanist. They were together class, I think."

practising the solo. They were together practising "Where does your father work?"

for the assembly in which Mr. Saunders (English "He has his own accounting firm. His offices

teacher, speech hobbyist, and general taskmaster) are in the Wilden Building."

insisted upon perfection. They were together as By this time Nancy had entered the room, and

they traveled to Central, Lincoln, North, and Lake while Bill was helping her with her coat, Mr.

View high schools. Together they enjoyed the Sheffield concluded his examination.

thrill of footlights, enthusiastic audiences, and a "Bill, I'd like you to write on this sheet of delightful taste of show business. It wasn't surpaper your address and phone number and the

prising that being together seemed more and address of the place where you are going."

more natural and comfortable. Bill complied.

It is never without some uncertainty, and This episode resulted in a rather unusual entry always with fear and trembling, that conscientious in Nancy's dairy which began parents face the fact that their children are grow- "Dear Diary, Last night I had the most embaring up and that dating and the accompanying rassing experience of my life."

activities are not only acceptable but also an It also resulted in a conversation between Bill integral part of the process. and Claude (Bill's best buddy) in which Bill said,

Frank Bailey, Bill's father, put it this way: "Do you know what Nancy's father did to me?

"What kind of girl is that Nancy Sheffield anyHe made me sign for her like you would a way?"This was on the way home from Sacralibrary book."

ment meeting. Mrs. Bailey had assured Frank But the compelling interest which these two

that Nancy was a fine young woman. She had young people had in each other plus their genuine

helped with the smaller children many times at willingness to try to understand the older generaPrimary where Sister Bailey was a teacher, and tion made it possible to overlook the incident, and she had substituted as a chorister. their "going places"continued—uninterrupted.

"Her parents, you know, are fine people,"conAlmost too suddenly Bill found himself in the tinued Mrs. Bailey. "Jack Sheffield was United throes of planning for his graduation and the

States District Attorney and found time to be a realization that many important decisions must bishop at the same time. I think he is on the be made. As this event approached, he and Nancy

stake high council now, and Sister Sheffield is a found themselves in many long, serious discuscounselor in the YWMIA. I see her often at Relief sions—mostly about Bill's future, of which Nancy

Society. She is a very lovely person to talk to."was becoming a very important part. There was

Jack Sheffield has expressed his concern in the choice of a college to be made. This involved

another way. Shortly after Bill and his family deciding whether he should stay in the city and

had moved into the Ninth Ward, Bill had come take a less satisfactory music course or go to the to call for Nancy. After the introductions, Mr. university forty miles distant where he felt he

Sheffield had approached Bill in somewhat could get exactly what he wanted. If he went to

the same manner as he would a witness in any university, he would have to get a job—first

cross examination. of all because he knew it would put a real strain

"Young man,"he began, "I understand that on his parents to support him in college, and secyou intend to take my daughter out this evening."ond because he was the sort of a chap who had a

"Yes, sir, I had hoped to."Bill swallowed. real desire to do things with as little help from his

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

parents as possible. Then, always in the

background of all his planning was the promise which he had made to himself and the Lord that one day he would go on a mission. This didn't seem so remote any more. He was eighteen now.

Another year and the decision would not wait. Of significant importance in

all that was said was the fact that

Nancy had her last year of high school to finish. If Bill went to college in another town it would really change things

for both of them.

But decisions are easier postponed than made, especially for young people. The summer was upon them inviting them on a hundred escapades of

swimming, water skiing, picnics, and dances. Bill worked down town during the day, but his evenings and

weekends were always free, and the summer passed in a gay circle of fun and excitement.

A substantial part of this activity was under church sponsorship. These

events represented affairs of genuine interest. The roadshow was the high

light. By now Nancy had become Bill's

dependedupon and very accomplished accompanist. He sang in the roadshow.

All wonderful experiences have a way of ending so very soon. August 15

brought the realization that preparation for school must be made. By now Bill

had made his decision to go away to the university where he could pursue his music training. He had promised himself that he would come home on weekends whenever possible, and that he

would write to Nancy as often as he could. In short, he was going to make

a real stand to keep her interest from a distance of forty miles. He had faced

the realization that she now meant more to him than anyone else he knew.

He wanted to be sure, too, that she knew how he felt. So—on the last night of

the roadshow he asked Nancy to wear his class ring and was greatly pleased when she accepted.

Adjustment to university life was confusing to put it mildly. As Bill put

it, "Registration alone is enough to turn most from his sociology class. These young men inhardy young Americans away from the pursuit of trigued Bill because they seemed to have settled

higher learning."But in addition to that, Bill many issues in their own minds. They were indeneeded a job. He wanted to find a place where pendent thinkers. They discussed world problems

he could cook his own meals and save as much with ease and intelligence. They talked about

as possible. The business of making resources things of the world that high school kids did not

and desires coincide was rougher than he even mention. They questioned many things

had anticipated. things that had been sort of taken for granted by

Housing secured, job located, and registration Bill for as long as he could remember. Some of

completed, Bill found university life very differthe ideas were downright shocking to him, but he ent, interesting, fast, and wonderful. He found was intrigued by the boldness and abandon with

himself in a society of young adults. These young which his new friends could approach them.

people were making all of their own decisions. They impressed the professor also. Dr. GoldBill had to rely upon himself to get up on time stein was a young agnostic from New York. He

in the morning. He could go to school or stay had come out West, in his own words, "to broaden

home as he chose. He could study in the evenings, his experience and to study the Mormons and

go to the gym to work out, or practise his music. their culture."He was twentynine and didn't

He could stay out as late as he wanted to, and no look that old. He was friendly, suave, brilliant,

one would check on him. There was a certain goodlooking, and a penetrating, ruthless analyst

unexplainable exhilaration in the sensation of of people. He was a fanatical social scientist.

being completely independent for the first time Being single, he made a frequent practice of inin his life. viting his more interesting students to his apartBill. found himself always faced with many ment. Bill was flattered to think the professor

alternatives to choose from. In the matter of would so honor him. In keeping with the best

housekeeping, he could straighten up the apartsocial practices known to Dr. Goldstein, refreshment or live in a mess. He could eat regularly ments (coffee, cigarets, beer, and hard liquor)

or he could satisfy his appetite with candy and were freely available. Bill's friends, having

snacks from the lunch bar. settled many of the "old folk's notions"in regard

There were the weekends in which Bill was not to these things, accepted the professor's hospitalable to go home. The reason for this was usually ity without hesitation. Bill had excused himself

one of two: no money or he had to work. It was many times only to have to endure the barbed

on these weekends that Bill had other choices to comments and innuendos labeling him a novice make. He could either get up and go to priestand something less than a man among men. He

hood meeting or he could sleep in. He could atfinally gave in and joined by accepting coffee

tend Sunday School or rest, study or go somewhere when it was offered. This was something less

with the guys. In all these and dozens of other than could be considered fullfledged membership

choices, Bill found his independence taxing. He in the group, yet it seemed to be satisfactory as

was the sole judge. an initial step.

And for the most part his judgment was good. Under the intellectual leadership of the proNancy was his only real feminine interest. He fessor these young men involved themselves in

usually attended his meetings on Sunday and in long, searching discussions upon many subjects.

the main found appropriate activities for the rest Politics, world affairs, international relations, of the day. Usually he kept his apartment in philosophy, evolution were only a few of the topics

order, although he was the first to admit that explored. Inevitably, before the fellows went

housekeeping was neither to his liking nor was home the conversation would drift to some facet he good at it. of "Mormon culture."There were many things

Bill's outgoing, friendly personality brought that Dr. Goldstein did not understand about the

him a variety of friends among the fellows. In Mormon people. In the first place he could not

his notes to Nancy he would often conclude with understand the connection between religious bethe phrase, "There is never a dull moment lief and regulation of eating and drinking habits around here."He and his newly acquired friends of people. The body was to enjoy. The archaic

were busy seeing to that. Among these new idea that a man must restrain himself from the

acquaintances were three or four capable students pleasures of food and drink, the relaxing effects

MAY 1963 419 of alcohol (in moderation, of course), the pleasure He was always invigorated by the atmosphere of of cigarettes, etc., was not all clear to him. Of freedom and fascinated by the rationale which

course, he knew many Mormons who had abanmade satisfying his own appetite demands more doned these ideas, and surely the Church would acceptable, but his loyalty to the Church was still modify its stand eventually. It would have to. strong. Why were the other fellows always in

The people would demand it. such ready agreement? Some of them were memThe idea of the Church encouraging all of its bers of the Church. Could it be that the teachings

young men to go into other parts of the world to of his parents were mere fables after all? Was

teach their religion to people who already had a there really anything to it? He had made a feeble

religion of their own was another mystery. It attempt or two to defend his faith, but the whole

would be somewhat more understandable if the group made him feel so uninformed, so local,

Church would pay these young preachers. It so naive.

would also be easier to understand if they would Many of the weekends found him home. He

go among the heathen. But for them to give still looked forward to being with Nancy. He

two years of their time when they should be attended Sacrament meeting and Sunday School in college, and in addition for them to use with her, but she, more than his faith, was now their own funds was an interesting phenomenon becoming his reason for attending.

not easily understood. Bill was nineteen in November. On ThanksgivThen, too, how was one to explain adequately ing weekend he was invited into the bishop's office.

the fact that a people as intelligent as the MorBishop Scott had decided to recommend him for mons seemed to be, were willing to be duped into ordination to the office of an elder. He was deeply

donating more than ten percent of their income concerned that Bill had changed his attitude to the Church. He could understand why many toward some of the standards of the Church. He

of them rebelled against these demands. Why had stopped paying his tithing for the first time

only a relatively few of the people were consince he had earned money. He also admitted

scientious in their payment. And so it went. accepting a cup of coffee for social reasons on

It goes without saying that Bill was thrown frequent occasions. In his kindly way, Bishop

into a torrential conflict during these discussions. Scott admonished Bill to correct his thinking,

420 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA refrain from breaking the Word of Wisdom, and quiet of the neighborhood in which Nancy's home start again to pay his tithing. He made an apwas located. The car came to a stop. Bill slipped

pointment with Bill to see him again in the spring his arm around her shoulders, and for a long time and discuss the matter of his advancement thoughts and understandings passed between further. They parted with a warm handclasp. Bill them without need for words. Here was satisfachad always loved Bishop Scott. tion beyond words: just the two of them together,

"Now, Bill,"the bishop was saying, "keep in close together—tired, relaxed, supremely happy.

mind what I have said to you. And Bill, don't Why couldn't it go on forever? Why did they

forget that you and I and your parents have been have to say goodnight? Bill's heart was turning

planning on your going on a mission."Bill just over and over inside his ribs. It was making his

waved his hand in a gesture of indecision as he head pound. He was trying to breathe softly

turned and walked away. without sounding like he had been in a relay race.

Late May found Bill in the throes of preparation This was difficult. Suddenly he turned, his hands

for finals and Nancy in the maze known now on Nancy's shoulders. Turning her to face

as graduation—invitations, dresses, rehearsals, him and looking deep into her beautiful blue eyes,

and participation. he began with impetuous awkwardness to try to

Graduations have a way cf creating crises, and say what his heart was trying to feel.

this one was no exception. Nancy was radiant that "Nancy, there's something I'd like to try to

graduation night. If there were others on the tell you."

platform or at the dance, B 1 would never have She may have known what it was, but no girl known it. She was all he could see. The exercises wants to miss being told. "You're usually pretty

were brief and inspiring. The dance was over good at saying what you think,"she smiled. "Go

too soon, and Bill and Nancy were together on ahead, I'll listen."

their way home. "Nancy,"Bill began. His head was down now.

Bill drove slowly. The car windows were open, "I've missed you while I've been away—more than

and the fresh, early June air was heavy with the I've let you know."

smell of blossoms and new tree foliage. Only an "I've missed you, too, Bill."

occasional car or a barking dog interrupted the "I don't think I want to do it again."

MAY 1963 421 "You mean you're going to stay here to attend series of nonsequential, previously dreamed about the university next winter?"ideas which began to take the shape of plans.

"I think you know what I mean, Nancy."Now They would be married in the fall before school

he was fumbling with his words and also twisting started. They would have their reception in the

Nancy's locket. "It begins with I love you, Nancy. ward house. What would Nancy wear? Bill

I want to be with you. I don't want to be with would get her a ring for her birthday. What

anyone else. I can't be happy without you."would the folks say? How would they tell them?

There was a long silence. It was now Nancy's What would old Claude think? Carol would say,

turn to feel for words. All she could find were, "I told you so."How would Bill approach Nancy's

"I think you did real well, Bill Bailey,"and she father? It was Nancy who brought the conslipped into his arms. versation to a cold standstill. She was saying,

Bill was not one to take for granted under- "I've always wanted to be married on the same standings of this dimension, so he pressed the day we go through the temple."

issue. "This means that you will marry me?"Bill was dreading this moment. He had not

he said simply. rehearsed what he was to say. This time the

"Yes, that's what it means,"she whispered. thrill and animation were gone as he felt for

There followed in starryeyed succession a words. "I thought we might not go to the temple

just yet, Nancy,"he heard himself saying-. get dressed."

"Not go to the temple! Bill, what are It didn't take long. He was there in a jiffy.

you saying?"Nancy was now her composed, sweet self. She

Bill had expected to hear words like this, but had things all worked out. They wouldn't wait

he had not expected to see the expression that now until fall. They would be married now—today if

permeated her whole being. Shock, surprise, dishe wanted. She was not willing to tell her folks

appointment were all combined in one look. Bill and go through the business of explaining. She

looked away. "I'm not sure any more,"he conhad enough faith in Bill to know that he would

tinued. "Before I go to the temple there are a lot take her to the temple soon. She was sure that

of questions that I need someone to answer. I everything would be all right.

don't want to make all those promises if I "This is not like Nancy,"Bill tried to tell himdon't believe."self. But there she was—there in front of him,

Now she was in tears. "Don't believe?"she and she was saying it. All he could say was,

echoed astonished. "When shall we go?"

"I didn't mean that exactly. I've always be- "Whenever you want, Bill dear. The sooner

lieved in the Church, but while I've been away to the better."

school I've done a lot of thinking, independent "Where shall we be married?"

thinking. Now, I'm just not sure. Can't we get "We'll elope and go to Nevada,"was her almost

married and go to the temple later on? Lots of flippant reply.

people do. They wait to go to the temple until "Are ycu serious? You're kidding."

they are more sure.""I am serious, and I can be ready in an hour."

Nancy's reply was written in her expression. Bill didn't let this turn of events straighten

She was confused, deeply disillusioned, and hurt. out in his mind. He had asked Nancy to marry

To give a responsible answer was next to imposhim, and she had accepted. He would go through

sible. She had to think. She didn't want to burst with it. Things would work out somehow. He

into open weeping in front of Bill. He could see said he would call for her in an hour, and he did.

all this. She would tell him tomorrow she said In fact they were on their way in Bill's 1952

as she closed the car door and ran into the house. Plymouth in a little less than an hour. By late

In spite of the late hour, Bill did not drive afternoon they were in the little Nevada town straight home. He just drove. If someone had where Bill and his dad had the flat tire repaired

asked him where he had been, he would not have on their trip to Los Angeles. They stopped at the

been able to tell them. It was very late when he same station and talked to the same attendant.

reached his home. The thoughts of their dialogue They told him they were looking for a Mormon

were still following each other through his mind bishop. He directed them to a large white stucco

in disorganized sequence. A thousand unanhouse just a block and a half from the station.

swered questions were taunting him. What would The bishop was a young man. He somehow

his folks think? What would he say to the Shef - reminded Bill of Bishop Scott. He invited them in

fields? What could he say to Nancy to help her and learned of their desires. He counseled them

see how he felt, and that he was trying to unravel in kindness to give up their plan of being married and reweave his feelings into an acceptable patwithout the knowledge of their parents and to go tern of belief and faith? But the numb, cold back home. "Whether you are married in the

feeling that could not shape itself into words, and temple or not, you should bring your parents into of which he could not rid himself, came from the your confidence; they should be with you; they

look on Nancy's face as she left the car. It was should be part of your marriage,"he told them.

in this emotional state that Bill finally slept. "I would not like to participate in a marriage that

What was left of the night passed quickly, and is this spontaneous and this quickly planned."

the persistent ringing of the telephone urged Bill This was the context of a long conversation in into consciousness. He fumbled himself into his which the bishop did all in his power to dissuade

bathrobe and made it to the phone before it this young couple from their planned marriage.

stopped ringing. It was Nancy. She sounded On the other hand Bill and Nancy were detersurprisingly cheerful. She wanted to talk to him. mined and persisted in their request. Finally

Would he come over? Bill said, "Bishop, if you refuse to marry us. will

"OK,"he was saying. "Just give me time to you please tell us where we can find a justice of

MAY 1963 423 the peace?"to the other side, he found his bride—her face

The bishop considered a moment and then said, buried in the sand, her beautiful red hair satu- "Well, if you are still determined, I suppose it's rated with gray sand and blood. There were no

better for me to perform the ceremony than have words or outbursts of expression that could give you fine kids married by a justice of the peace."vent to his feelings as he surveyed this spectacle.

Arrangements were made, the bishop's wife and a He only groaned inwardly as he knelt beside her.

neighbor from across the street were called to Then he felt a familiar sensation. Someone

be witnesses, and the marriage was performed. was slipping a hand into his, the way Nancy had

Bill and Nancy were pronounced man and wife. done. He turned. There she was standing beside

They were soon in the car. Bill turned to his him, her hand in his. His eyes followed the conbride to say, "Where to, Mrs. Bailey?"and the tour of the car, and there in front, pinned between

words froze on his lips. He saw the look on her the car and the wash bank, was his own body.

face which he remembered so well from the night The realization of what had happened was now before. Nancy was ready to cry. Bill now found beginning to filter into his awareness.

his words and said them with a real effort to be As this reality evolved, he was conscious that cheerful. "Where to, Mrs. Bailey?"whereupon a strange, irresistible force seemed to be lifting

Mrs. Bailey began to cry. them upward. The wreckage of the car and its

There is probably not a man in the world who occupants, the steelrailed bridge, the waste of the knows what to do when a woman cries—especially desert, the misty blue hills, the puffs of cloud

the woman he loves. He put his arm around her mist, the blue arched sky passed before them,

and tried to comfort her. Now she was sobbing, and they found themselves in a strange and

"I want to tell my mother. I want to go home."beautiful land.

Bill tried to say, "But this is supposed to be This land was carpeted with soft green grass our honeymoon, darling. We were going to Las and bordered by green trees with feathery foliage.

Vegas."Her only response was more weeping. Shrubs and flowers were spotted throughout the

Without further comment, Bill turned the car landscape as far as the eye could see. There was

around and nosed her homeward. If he was a gently meandering path which led far ahead

angry, it was at himself for being such a fool. and disappeared at the horizon between two

If he was frustrated, it was because he could stately trees. A brilliant, pure, white light

think of nothing logical to say that could comfort blazed from beyond the horizon and made the

Nancy. Whatever it was, he was not watching leaves of the trees glow like a million crystals. A

the traffic as he should, nor was he thinking faint, warm breeze which caressed their cheeks very well. was the only break in the absolute silence. Here

Just outside this little Nevada town, there is a was pure peace. Breathless and aweinspired Bill

winding road which follows the bed of a river. encompassed the vista with incredulous delight

There are sharp curves and a series of dips which and amazement.

lead to a high, narrow bridge that spans a deep, But now Bill felt Nancy's handclasp relax and dry wash. Bill's mind was a thousand miles from her hand slip from his. She was moving on along

his driving, the road, or the car. There may have the path. He made an effort to follow her, but

been too much speed. They may have struck a seemingly the force which had lifted them now

chuckhole. The cause makes little difference. held him fast. He put out his hand toward her as

Whatever it was, the right front wheel struck if to say, "Wait for me,"but she did not turn to the concrete abutment on the right side of the see. At length she reached the point in the path

bridge entrance. The car flipped over endways, between the two great trees. She lifted her

almost balanced on its top on the rail, spun over hand in a farewell gesture, then she turned once more, and crashed into the dry wash thirty again and was gone. Bill, struggling against

feet below. the force which held him, now found his voice.

The car was upright when it came to rest. Bill All he could think, all he could say was, "Nancy!

was still at the steering wheel. Nancy was not Nancy! Nancy!"

beside him. He was dazed. It took time to collect He was still repeating these words over and

his thoughts. Once out of the car he looked quickly over again as he sat up abruptly in his bed. The

about him. Moving around the rear of the car sun was shining through his window. It was late

424 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

morning. He was home. Then gradually there came into his consciousness

the wonderful sensation which all of us experience at one time or another, when we have had a reprieve from a bad dream. It is like a second chance.

Bill grabbed his house shoes, crammed himself into his bathrobe, and dashed to the telephone in the kitchen. With unsteady fingers he dialed Nancy's number. It was Mr. Sheffield's calm, legal

voice that answered.

"Hello.""Mr. Sheffield?"

"Yes, Bill. How are you? How was

the graduation dance?"

"Real fine, Mr. Sheffield. Is Nancy

there?""Yes, I think she is just getting up,"said Mr. Sheffield. Then jokingly, "You

kept her up pretty late last night."

"It's sometimes easy to do, Sir,"Bill replied. "May I speak to her, please?"

"Of course, Bill. I'll call her."

In a matter of moments Nancy was on the phone, her voice steady now.

"Good morning, Bill,"she was saying.

"You o k?""Yes,"she said. "Is something wrong

with you?""No, guess not. Nancy, can I come

over and see you?"

"Of course,"she said.

It didn't take long. Bill was in his

car before he had his second shoe tied.

She met him at the gate. Only a few

sentences of small talk led them to their major problem. Nancy had not slept

much. She knew what she wanted to do.

"I think I prayed more than I slept last night,"she confessed. Her face was

very serious. "I don't know the exact

answer, but I think I know how to get help to find it."

"How?""Bill,"Nancy began, her face tense as if she was expecting strenuous objections, "let's go and talk to Bishop Scott."

Bill hesitated. His mind was reviewing his dream. His face was also serious.

"I think you have the right idea,"he said simply.

Bishop Scott met them at the chapel

door an hour later. As they walked to his office, would include his knowledge, his power, his unthere was the usual exchange of visiting. They derstanding, his ability to organize and people

sat, Bill and Nancy on one side of the large table worlds, which in turn gives us power, dominion, and Bishop Scott on the other. exhaltation, and eternal lives."

''Now,"said the bishop, "what can I do for you Bill was listening intently, his eyes now fixed fine kids?"on the bishop's kind but serious face.

Bill looked at Nancy as if he hoped she would "Now,"continued the bishop, "if the being who speak. She didn't. "Bishop,"he began, "Nancy is the controlling source of power in this universe,

and I want to be married."who is the supreme authority, proffers to give to

"Well, that's not such a shock,"said the bishop. some of his children all that he has, all that he

His eyes were twinkling. "When are you planowns, these children should be prepared to receive

ning this event?"these gifts. Right?"Bill nodded slowly. The

"Real soon,"Bill continued. "I want Nancy to bishop continued. "They should be prepared to

go back to school with me."give in return anything the Lord may require. In

"Well now, is there a problem involved here reality the basic requirements are not even comsomewhere?"inquired Bishop Scott. parable in magnitude to the blessings we have

Although Bill knew the bishop's understanding just mentioned. He expects only that we have

of the problems of his young people, he found faith in him as the Supreme Creator of the unidifficulty in phrasing his reply. "Temple marverse, in his Son as the Savior and Redeemer, in

riage is the problem,"Bill continued. "I feel that the prophets past and present, and in his gospel

people should make those promises only when as a way of life. He requires that we sustain his

they are sure. You know what I mean. So many authority; that we be clean and honorable with

people go to the temple and then don't live up to ourselves and others; that we are sexually clean

it. I think people should be know."that we observe the Word of Wisdom, which sure—you

"And so they should,"said Bishop Scott. "Supmeans that we do not use tea, coffee, tobacco, or

pose you wait out there for a few minutes,"he liquor, and that we observe the other principles continued, pointing to the foyer of the chapel, of the Word of Wisdom. It means that we pay a

"while I talk with Nancy, and then I'll need to full and honest tithing, attend to our other duties talk to you."in the Church, and are loyal and true to its prinBill fidgeted in the foyer for a long few mociples. In other words, we must be good Latterments while the bishop talked with Nancy. Before day Saints. Now, Bill, how well prepared are you

long the door opened, and Bill was invited in. He for these blessings?"

felt uneasy. He did not stop to decide the reason. Bill was thoughtful. His eyes were on the

He had never felt uneasy in the presence of the table now. He didn't look up as he spoke. "I got

bishop before. along pretty well until you mentioned coffee and

The bishop began: "Now, Bill, before we con- a full and honest tithing. I am sure you know

sider the answer to your question, we have to that I haven't paid any tithing for about five explore another question. Are you prepared for months, and I have taken a cup of coffee with

temple marriage?"the fellows a few times."The bishop's voice was

A little surprised, Bill said, "I'm not sure I know level and reassuring as he spoke. "Then we have

what you mean."some work to do."

"Just this,"began Bishop Scott. "Temple "What do you mean?"Bill asked.

privileges and blessings are given to us by our "The Lord expects you to demonstrate that you

Father in heaven. They are intended to unlock can keep his commandments, all of them. This

the door to the richest and highest inheritance means that you will need a little time to prove which he has in store for his children. Most of that you can master the cup of coffee and pay

us cannot even imagine the implications of that your tithing regularly."

simple statement. It helps our understanding "This sort of sounds like buying a temple recomwhen we quote the phrase from the Doctrine and mend."Bill was sorry for the statement before

Covenants, '... all that the Father hath.'To me he finished the last word.

this means that because of our worthiness, our The bishop was still kind but now firm and faith, our repentance, our obedience, we may bedirect as he said, "You know better than that! No

come heirs to all that belongs to the Father. This one buys blessings from the Lord. He created the

MAY 1963 427 earth. He knows where its treasures are. Don't I'd give anything in this world if I could bear

you suppose that he could inspire his servants to that testimony!"

go to these treasures and take of them as they "If you really mean that, you'll do something need for the building of his kingdom? No, Bill, about it!"

the Lord doesn't need your money nor mine. We "What do you mean? What can I do?"

need the opportunity to give it. We need to demThe bishop leaned forward. "First, you'll live

onstrate our loyalty to him by being willing to the principles of the gospel as if you were sure pay tithing or give whatever else he may ask that they are true. This means that you will never

of us."let a drop of coffee pass your lips. You'll pay a

"That's a very logical explanation."Bill was full and honest tithing, and you'll strive to live

honestly pleased. He was remembering some of all of the other principles. Second, you'll pray

the conversations with Professor Goldstein. and fast and ask your Father in heaven to forgive

"All of the principles of the gospel are logical,"you for doubting and give you a testimony of the said the bishop. truth. Next, you need to study and discuss the

Bill shifted the subject. "Coffee was never more gospel with Nancy, your parents, and others with

than a social thing with me."a real desire to get answers to your questions.

Now the bishop became very serious. He folded You should never let a semester pass at the unihis hands on the table in front of him. He looked versity in which you don't take institute classes.

at his young visitor full in the face. There was Those teachers are trained to give students like

no escaping his glance. Bill faced it. The bishop's you the answers they need. I'm sure you know

voice seemed steady and sincere. "I'd like you to that you can come to me whenever you think I can

answer an important question and be very honest. help, but you must remember, Bill, that a testiWill you?"mony is an individual, personal thing. It must be

"Of course."sought, and earned, and cultivated by the indi-

"Do you know that the gospel is true?"vidual himself. No one can get your testimony

There was a long silence before Bill answered. for you. Can you do these things?"

There was considerable emotion on his face when Bill responded slowly. "Yes, I think I can."

with a half sob he said, "I don't know. I'm all Seemingly dissatisfied with Bill's hesitation, the

mixed up! I think I was sure once, but lately—bishop pressed the issue. "Will you?"he asked.

He stopped and then continued earnestly, "Bishop, This time Bill's answer was resolute, "Yes, I

428 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA will,"he promised. arrived at a very important decision. He clapped

"Good!"the bishop slapped the table. "Now the Book of Mormon closed which he held in his

you'd better get Nancy. She's been waiting quite hand, turned to his father and announced, "Dad,

a while."I've got to go on that mission."

There was still an expression of apprehension It isn't easy for a mature man to cry in the on Nancy's face as she came to resume her seat presence of his grown son. Frank Bailey turned,

beside Bill. Instead of being hesitant to tell her, placed his hand on his son's shoulder, and finally

Bill was anxious to put her at her ease. gained the composure to say, "Son, I've waited a

"Nancy,"he said simply, "I hope you won't long time to hear you say that!"

be too disappointed, but Bishop Scott has helped Nancy's maturity and levelheadedness continume to see that I have a few things to straighten ally amazed her fiance. She was poised and in

out before I am prepared to take you to the temcomplete control of her emotions as she received ple. I hope you can be patient with me while I Bill's announcement. Of course she would wait

patch up my testimony and prove to the Lord and for him. She was proud of him for making this

Bishop Scott that I am ready."decision. She had known for a long time that he

Nancy seemed relieved, and when Bill said, "I would never be satisfied until he had kept his hope you won't mind waiting,"she smiled, and he promise to himself and to his Father in heaven.

knew things were all right. The excitement which followed was shared alNow they were standing. They shook hands most equally. The interview with the bishop and

with Bishop Scott, who followed them to the door. the stake president; the anticipation of awaiting

Here he put his arms around them both. His grip the call from the Prophet himself; the suspense

grew tight as he spoke. of wondering where it would take him, and the

"Now, kids, I think you know that I know the joy of receiving the envelope (return address 4% gospel is true. I know that our Heavenly Father East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah) which

is real and that he lives. I know that his Son, was the official call from the Lord were each ample

Jesus Christ, is the Savior and Redeemer of the compensation for the feeling of sadness which is world. I also know that Joseph Smith is a prophet an indisputable part of separation.

of God, and that the ordinances of temple marThe morning the letter from President McKay riage and sealings were revealed to him for this came, Bill was jubilant. He was on the front

dispensation by the Lord. If you truly love each porch before he opened it. He skimmed it hurother there is only one kind of marriage for you, riedly until his eyes focused on the sentence,

and that is temple marriage. If you are not sure "You are called to serve as a missionary in the

of that, marriage of any kind should be the farthNorth Central States."A little farther down he

est thing from your mind."The bishop then added read the words, "You will enter the mission home

a postscript to his testimony. "And Bill, when on Monday, August 31."This startled him. It

you decide to go on that mission, get in touch gave him less than a month. He hurdled over

with me."the front planter and into the kitchen where his

The summer which followed was different from mother was rolling out cookie dough. Throwing

the previous one in one very significant respect. his arms around her waist, he picked her up

Along with many wonderful, happy times there bodily, danced her a halfturn, and set her down were periods of serious conversation about life lightly. She protested his behavior playfully,

and about the gospel and its meanings. Bill disstraightened her apron, and brushed her hair

covered a deeper satisfaction in these discussions back, and then her glance traveled from Bill's than in most of the other activities. He also reexcited face to the opened envelope he held in

discovered his father. Now he saw him as an his hand. Her expression softened, her eyes

understanding and surprisingly wise friend in moistened, and her voice trembled a little as she whom he could confide. He and his father dissaid, "Bill, it's your call!"Cookies were forgotten

cussed many phases of the gospel. One by one while mother and son shared the emotion and

his questions were answered. Piece by piece the excitement of Bill's call to the service of the Lord.

pattern of eternal life began to fit together. He As soon as Bill had called his dad, he drove

had fasted and prayed earnestly to know the truth. straight to Nancy's. The telephone would not do

It was during one of these discussions which had for the delivery of this message. When he met

continued into the early morning hours that Bill her on the walk in front of her house, he simply

MAY 1963 429 held out the letter. She took it and hurriedly It goes without saying that plans for marriage

read the essentials, then she looked up into his were rapidly completed. Here now was a young

eyes. Her expression was one of unrestrained couple who were ready and equipped to join hands

admiration. There was resolution, too. She put and face life, to drink deep of its goodness, and to

her arms around his neck, and he drew her to meet its problems with confidence born of faith him. There was unsteadiness in her voice as she in God. While there were still problems to face,

said, "Bill, I'm so very proud of you."they wanted to join hands and face them now.

Bill found enough voice to say, "Come on now, So, late in December the date arrived, and in the

Nan. You promised you wouldn't come unglued!"sacred surroundings of the temple of God the

They both laughed now, and the tension was ordinances were performed, and Bill Bailey took over. It was now settled. He would leave in less Nancy Sheffield to be his lawfully wedded wife

than a month. There was time for just one for time and for all eternity. The ceremony in its

thing: preparation. simple purity, its dignity, its beauty was all Bill

Parting was as difficult as they had anticipated. expected and more. They met in the foyer of the

Nancy had promised Bill that she wouldn't "come temple annex, and as they walked to the door, unglued."She kept this promise. As the conNancy expressed her deep satisfaction in this

ductor called "'Board,"her arms were around his simple sentence, "Wasn't it beautiful?"She

neck, and all she could say was, "Happy journey slipped her hand in his as they stepped outside.

and good hunting, Elder Bailey."Bill, for lack It was just noon. It had been snowing most of the

of anything more appropriate said, "Don't forget morning, and the temple grounds were covered to write."By now the train was in motion. with a rich blanket of fresh snow. The scene was

Nancy's letters proved to be a great strength breathtakingly beautiful. Over the walls of the

to Elder Bailey. The first he received read in part temple grounds came the strains of "Silent Night,

"It would be foolish for me to say that I won't be Holy Night."They didn't need to put their

lonely. I know that I will, but if I keep up with thoughts into words. Words would cheapen their

you so that I am worthy of you when you get feelings. It was their holy day, and it would live

home, I'll need to be as busy as you are. I am very in memory always.

proud of you. The most important thing I want

now is for you to be the best missionary in the

North Central States."For storytelling purposes this is the place to

Bill made an excellent, devoted elder. His misleave Bill and Nancy, but for another equally

sion president so stated upon his release, and as valued purpose, let us take a quick look into their the train again pulled into the old home town, he future. Bill will appreciate the help Nancy can

found standing on the platform, not the young give him in finishing his college training. His

high school graduate that he left two years before, music training is put to good use in the ward and but a mature, young Latterday Saint girl who stake. His accounting makes it possible for him

had two years of college behind her; who had to take over his father's accounting firm. He

served on the stake board of the Primary; who becomes the president of his elders quorum; a

had been a Sunday School teacher; who had member of the stake Sunday School board; a

learned the meaning of faith and prayer; who counselor in the bishopric; a member of the high

was every inch a poised, young woman, and the council; a member of the schoolboard and othermost beautiful he had ever seen. wise a civic leader, community builder, and an

As Bill made his report in the ward two weeks influence for good wherever he goes.

later, he felt the power of the Lord as he had Nancy is not a whit behind in service to the done so many times in the mission field. He loved Church. Her service takes her into the presidency

the gospel. He was so grateful for his parents, of the Primary; work on the genealogical comfor the bishop, for Nancy, and for others who mittee; and in her later years, president of the

had helped him realize the importance of a misRelief Society. But of more importance still is

sion. He had a testimony of the gospel; he had the calling of mother. There is added to the famsettled questions pertaining to life's meaning; he ily in time a boy, a girl, another girl, and another

knew what he wanted to give to life and what he boy. She is a devoted, capable, lovely wife

could expect from it. He now saw himself in the and mother.

perspective of eternity. So they pass their days in service to each other,

430 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to their children, and to their Church and comso often relaxes in his, and Nancy slips away.

munity. How can one say that they are not The world takes on a bleakness that Bill Bailey

happy? How can one suppose that life has offered has never known. Now at her graveside watching

them less than its dearest treasures? Hand in attendants lower her body into mother earth, he

hand they have sustained and supported each knows that most of what life has meant to him other in the bright days and in the gray days. is going into the grave with her. He is standing

They have tasted together the bitterness of disapbetween two stalwart sons. His daughters are

pointment which makes one strong. They have close by. He bows his head in silent prayer as he

shared together anxiety in sickness, the exhilarahas done hundreds of times before when he has tion of health, the pain of sorrow and disappointfaced crises which for him have been too much ment, the ecstasy of success, the blessing of waitto bear alone, and at that moment there comes ing, the reward of faith, and the strength of into his breast a burning reassurance and into his prayer. They have known again and again the mind an absolute knowledge that he will see his

willpower of God in answer to prayer—flashes of Nancy again. He knows that not many years

revelation as they do his will and serve in his pass until he will feel her hand in his again, that 'cause. "Men are, that they might have joy."they will meet in a time when sorrow is not

Here is joy. known, where parting will not have to be dreaded,

Finally Sister Bailey becomes ill. It begins with where they can walk down the path together in a

a cold. Complications develop rapidly. Doctors place perhaps more beautiful than the one he saw

are summoned, then specialists. The elders are in his dream so long ago.

called. Bill does everything in his power, but William Bailey lifts his bowed head, squares his

nothing seems to work. Then in the quiet hours shoulders, pulls his overcoat more closely around

of a December night, the hand that he has held him, and without assistance walks away.

The Last Word

The wise man reads both books If you cannot be a star, you Great hopes make great and life itself.—Lin Yutang need not be a cloud.—J.J. men.—Thomas Fuller

Chinese Proverbs: The dawn does not

come twice to awaken a man.... Think

of your own faults when you are awake, and of the faults of others when you are asleep.... One more good man on earth

is better than an extra angel in heaven.

Does anyone know where "Sam Hill"is? Many people who stand up The only thing some

Or how many feet there are in a far cry? vigorously for their rights fall people will lend withOr the altitude of "It's high time"? down miserably on their duties. out interest is an ear.

Some men have hundreds of reaTeen to the vocational counselor: "How

sons why they cannot do what do I know what I want to be when they want to, when all they need I get out of school? Maybe they

is just one reason why they can. haven't even invented my job yet."

A fouryear-old was curiously eyeing the Yielding to unworthy impulses invites honey jar while eating a slice of homemade more and easier yielding. Giving way

bread. "Mamma,"she said, "I can think to appetites intensifies them. A defiof how the bees got the honey in the jar, nite "No"is the only answer to a

but how did they screw the lid on?"wrong impulse.—Delbert F. Wright

No man ever impaired his eyesight by The smallest good deed is better looking on the bright side of things. than the grandest good intention.

m Summarizing the family budget -problem neatly, the housewife said: "Our

problem is—there's too much month

left over at the end of the money."

oil to meet TropArtie- first allseason tougher requirements of

for oils used in aN types of ground equipment under aN conditions

wllli

is the first allseason (S.A.E. 10W30) motor oil to TROPARTIC

meet and exceed the rugged requirements set up by U.S. Army experts

... MILL2104B.

To Phillips 66 Jobbers and Dealers, this means another topquality product for their customers, and one more advantage over competition.

In addition, they get highquality products, effective advertising, expert business counseling, construction and improvement guidance, attractive credit policies, hardselling promotion aids. These are the

JOBBERS and lifetime.extras thatFindmakeoutahowPhillipsyou canFranchiseget onethebydealwritingof a

DEALERS: to: Sales Department, Phillips Petroleum ComHere is the hardworking pany, Bartlesville, Oklahoma.

*A trademark oil with the famous name that makes new customers the year around! THE BRAND THAT MEANS BUS/NESS

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

how much life insurance is enough to keep pace with your growing family?

The answer grows each year with your growingfamily. But ask the man

who really knows:

your Beneficial Life man.

Call him soon...

or mail the coupon below.

Dept. E-5-63

Beneficial Life Insurance Company

Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City, Utah Please tell me more about estimating the life BENEFICIAL TIEE insurance needs of my growing family. wMtezmeName

Street or RFD... Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

City... Zone State