"."'Jw.:

:.-. ':.:':'

rt.***$&

FEBRUARY 1955

Homemade Goodness

FRESH APPLE LOAF

All measurements are level. Sift flout

before measuring.

1 cup sugar Vi cup left shorteningMhAffleM 2 eggt 3 cups sifted Drifted Snow Flour baking powder baking soda jrom ijour oum oven IVi1 teaspoonteaspoons doubleaction 1 Vi teaspoons salt You'll love this new loaf! And it takes no special skill to bake. But 3Vi cupscup nuts,coarse/choppedgrated, peeled apple

it does take good flour. Sperry Drifted Snow Flour gives a higher, Cream sugar, shortening and eggs unsift flour, fluffy. Sift and measure of til bakings helps you produce and rolls... to breads texture better and soda baking powder, again with family your Treat wonderful. taste longer, fresh stay that all kinds with salt. mixture to creamed Add Drifted with baking from comes that goodness stiff batter. the to Turn homemade Stir to often nuts. apple and

Snow... the flour that's "homeperfected". Martha into greased and floured loaf pan,

in preheated inches. Bake pattern 9x5x3 Bess Queen and Meade recipes 6070 for 325, oven, slowmoderate sack. in every coupon silverware slicing. before minutes. Cool

*HOME.PERFCTED"ENRICHED

SPERRY division of GENERAL MILLS WORLD'S LARGEST FLOUR MILLERSDRIFTED SNOW FLOUR

Soup's Best Friend!

A delicious bowl of steamby Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. ing hot soup and crisp,

flavorful Town House jrjiE improvement of a German development has resulted in the proCrackers—what a

duction by Rubber Company US of wonderful combination cellular consisting rubber of 250,000 cells to a cubic inch filled with nitrogen on cold, wintry days gas. Its shockprotecting qualities have

been dramatized by dropping an egg from 100 feet high onto a 3-inch mat Serve your family this resulting in a safe rebound 25 feet in the air. nourishing, appetizing

treat often!

About fifty million dollars damage is done every year to wooden structures in the sea by the teredos, the boring mollusks with termite habits.

Dr. Frederick William Clapp has found

them in harbors from the Arctic to the tropics. A single teredo may have up

to a halfmillion offspring in one season. Teredos vary in size in somespecies from less than an inch to up to ToamHouse

six feet in others. Prevention consists checkers

of shielding the wood with concrete or metal or treating the wood with creosote preparations to discourage the hundreds of sharp teeth in the teredo's shelllike head from boring into the wood, someplace below the water line. JUST

drug, is aiding a newfONiAzm, cases RIGHT tuberculosis of pulmonary by making previously inoperable cases curable by surgery. The physicians at the National Jewish Hospital, Denver, Colorado, have found that with the drug TWO

the tubercle bacilli lose their ability to tissue, uninfectedinvade making posBITESsible the of diseased removal lung hPURlTY areas.

—-...77.? '"—.r

riE male bowerbirds of Australia and New Guinea during the breeding season build tiny ceremonial housings in clearings covering several square feet CRUMBS and furnished with a variety of objects. One species even paints the inAt ftout*

ofside a paint with the bower made Tavorih or fruit charcoal pulpout of with mixed a secretion from the mouth applied with ToodShrej a wad of soft bark fiber. Some bowers

look almost like native huts with beaulittletifully heaps of produce arranged Crackers in front. (flowers) lawn PURITY TOM HoUSe The on a

bowers have nothing to do with the nests which are built by the female PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix some distance away from the bower.

FEBRUARY 1955 65.

a COEXISTENCE"

by Dr. G. Homer Durham

VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

6)eaceful coexistence"may well be munist doctrine and authority. Soviet

-1 only a euphemism for "piecemeal doctrine today, furthermore, proclaims conquest"of the world by the Russians. that all ideas, states, systems organized

The later phrase was suggested by Dr. contrary to "scientific socialism"and

O. Preston Robinson, editor of the "dialectical materialism"are essentially

Deseret NewsTelegram, in a brilliant wicked, perverse, corrupt, and bound to essay which appeared in that paper fail and fall before Communism, allDecember 11, 1954. "Peaceful coexistvictorious. As Toynbee has said, Comence"is the political cry heard most in munism is a page torn from the book

Europe these days. The real possibility of historic Christian development,, torn

inherent in it for further Soviet expanout and misread.

sion is a formidable problem. What 5. What does the Voice of America

are the prospects? We will set forth say in contrast? Many think the

the following as factors in analyzing strongest weapon of the west is to be the situation. found in Christian belief and doctrine.

1. Let us assume that Soviet policy But the very western freedom we seek

Christian, conquest, that the to protect permits not only world is fixed on will use every INSTALL YOUR OWNA: Russians pluralism, sectarian but

.., -,, possible tool and means also for the secularization

towards this end from of politics. Thus the

CViovMertT flatteryfriendship andto thermonudeceptive Voicein secularof Americaterms. speaksThe p clear weapons and war, fundamental metaphysiPLASTIC WALL TILE that socalled shifts in cal buttress of religious

are belief, Soviet of policy of faith merely in God, have colorful can walls You

.. utility kitchen or bathroom shifts in that divine the the nature means, and very..inexpensively,. and too...roomnothingin your

like color possibilisuch you of constant. origin remains end seems too man,

ties a brilliant alongtile giveswith easyto- and 2. difficult in Soviet policy to... has the be phrased keepclean surface always lustrous

,. the through years Plastic Coronet in of successful to acceptable being terms appearance and Jews, more Roman has Tile Wall beveled. deep to edges

.. tile accentuate beauty. colors, too, Protestants, Catholics, Triniisland"Eastern where dw7ell to Asia—the

, suit taste any. even the new, modern

is of ours. theists, atheists, tarians, Unitarians, most This and pastel all shades plain in or mar-.... mankind—than"world

finish. bleized

is to local a in nationalappeal they all groups. the This handicap because

Let ui help you to select your Plastic isms and the yearning for independence. war of ideas we have not yet successWall Tile.. the very

refinishing the. Forwallsa newin yourhomepresentor for We, on the other hand, are seen (by fully surmounted—although

home... The cost is low... We will.Asiatics) in the position of supporting fact of our pluralistic freedom beckons

quote on a complete installation, or French, British, Dutch, and other "white and fits the aspirations of most men you can install it yourself. European"colonialisms. everywhere. Perhaps we should have

tXKUHvfc"has positive waterseal flange. 3. Soviet moves in Africa might well less folk music and other welldesigned

follow the Asiatic pattern, with Ameri- "cultural programs"and make a little canBritish-Western efforts similarly more room for preachers of the gospel, handicapped in that area. for rabbis, and for other religious

4. Soviet propaganda is unified around teachers to speak, in turn, in demonTHESE FEATURES simple doctrines that "guarantee"as stration of our freedom "to worship God

J Rich worm colors "scientific"salvation."fact"Thematerialposition andof Orthodoxcultural conscience."according to the dictates of our own

/ beveled Deep 6. as edges Christian shall the "Third forces the more material Rome"Moscow How

v7 to stains Resistant prior to years for eight 1917 of hundred are west the deployed? be We

/ Easier installation supports this within Russia in a peculiar stronger than most of us appreciate.

<J Faster and easier way. Prior to the revolution of 1917 American airarms and warmachines

cleaning that orthodoxy Russian claimed in surround Korea, in Japan, Russia—in Inexpensive luxury Christhe true to be found Pakisin Alaska in Moscow was and the Aleutians,

for a lifetime tian dispensation, with authority and tan, in the Philippines, in Turkey and responsibility for saving all mankind! the Middle East. The mighty Sixth

No doctrine in the Roman Catholic Fleet rides the Mediterranean, unlimited

AT YOUR LOCAL west, in Islam, or elsewhere, was more by NATO. NATO itself stands in

LUMBER certain of itself than that of the "Third Europe, including the Mediterranean,

Rome."Too few people in the west to the North Cape of Norway. Viewed

DEALER know enough Russian history to underon a globe Greenland and Canada stand this, and appreciate the simplicity complete the circle of American bases

MORRISON -MERRILL & CO. with which the Kremlin served first, surrounding Russia. There are no

Building Material Distributors the patriarchate as seat of this professed similar Russian arms and bases in

Christian authority, and since.1917 British Columbia, Nova Scotia, Cuba,

serves as the seat of an inverted Comand Lower California! British and

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA French observers, aware of these facts, ponder the "fear"and "hysteria"of

Americans. 7. Rather than overfear, how shall KJenecLioau

our spiritual and moral strength be kept strong and alert, to lend courage and faith to our material position and intellectual knowhow? Perhaps some Work id

fear is good, for when Americans relax and "let down,"we often let down all the way! This is the real danger in

contemplating the Russian drive for "coexistence."when you have proper tools

Is it worth while to cast the problem in theological terms for a moment?

Record binders hold precious inIs coexistence possible? As President formation securely and convenEisenhower and Secretary of Defense iently. Greatest variety of

Wilson have said, coexistence seems expandable record binders anyessential because we are all on the same where... from inexpensive

planet! But how? starter binders at $1.00 to deluxe

In theology, as in life, good and evil gold embossed binders at $5.00.

coexist. In no theological system that

can be recalled at this writing, has God TEMPLE BINDERS. Five temples from

yet "killed"and eliminated Satan; nor TEMPLE BINDER which to choose: Salt Lake, Idaho

has Satan "killed"and eliminated God. Fails, Los Angeles, Arizona, Logan.

Is there any basis, theologically, then for In black, brown or white...

any effort to destroy all the Russians, embossed with gold $3.00

or vice versa, and thus solve all problems? Other problems in new form DELUXE BINDERS. Rich leatherette

would, of course, emerge. The issue of embossed with gold. In black, rust,

good and evil would continue in new blue, white, and green. $5.00

form. Good and evil appear to "coexist"in both time and eternity so far LEATHERETTE. Durable and attracas either past knowledge or future tive for those just starting. Black,

theological insight denote. How then brown, and green. $1.00

or or group onedoes another, one man

DELUXE BINDER "coexist"? to learn another, probThe

lem, especially in theology, rests heavily on men and their power of choice;

on individual behavior, including soOR BUYCLIPFROMCOUPONYOURANDLOCALMAILBOOKCRAFTTODAY...DEALER

cial, foreign, and military policy.

In the present millieu, the west is J seemingly handicapped by the influence BINDERS: PACKETS: $1.00

of gospel of love, the has a gospel which Leatherette Includes Family $1.00... #1—35

in counting, the Bolshevik meaningno Pedigree, 10 Group, 5 1 Regular $3.00

equipping, and deploying of Russian Black Brown White Family History, 5 Perpropaganda and Russian force. Yet, Salt Lake ( ) ( ) ( ) sonal Records, 3 Picture ( Pedigree ) ( Idaho ( ) ) is real the ideal the inof lovebehind

( ( ) ( ) Family Arizona Group, 15 )... #2—50

of strength, if any, the the west,ner ( California Pedigree ( ( ) ) ) conviction and the belief in a real perLogan ( ) ( ) ( )... #3—65 Pedigree

sonal God of love—a belief that finds Deluxe Binders $5.00... #4—65 Family Group

scientific fortification in the ways and ( ) Black ( ) Blue ( ) Rust attitudes of religious men everywhere. ( ) White ( ) Green OTHER SUPPLIES:

Genealogical Index Record a single unite If the on cannot west SHEETS:

Set) Cards (30c.... 1.40 per Family hundred Group "scientific to battle the ofcreed appeal Sheets Acetate (35c each)

.. per 1.40 hundred Charts Pedigree

it- (associalism"knows Communism.. Lineage Charts 1.40 per ($1.50) hundred... History Family—

self), we should reactivate our fundaPersonal Record.. 1.40 per hundred Includes set of 16 charts

mental belief by reference to something Plain Bond (light) 1.25 per hundred... Book of Remembrance

in which all Americans—and much of OTHER SHEETS: Guide Sheets ($1.00)

the west—can unite. Some fear the docPicture Pedigree (35c per... Large Pedigree Chart for

trine of the Declaration of Independdozen) displaying eight generaence. But is there a better current Heavyper dozen)Bond Mounting (25c tionsity, 255of namesancestors.(25c)Capaccreed upon which Jews, Christians, all

others can unite than the following:

"We hold these truths to be selfevident: that all men are created equal;

that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights; that BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4. UTAH (Concluded on page 102)

FEBRUARY 1955 67

Ksfficial \Jrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, 'The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

*Jhe Church of

/4e&u,6 ihnit

of oLatterdau Saintd r r n> VOLUME 58 n-J NUMBER 2 n jrebruan 1955 <*>

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Editor: C. Managing JOSEPHSON MARBA

J. Production Editor: - Research L. ELIZABETH MOFFITT ALBERT

- Editor: Manuscript IRIS Editor:ZOBELL, PARKER

- Editors: G. JR.ARCHIBALD BENNETT HOMER DURHAM

- - JR. S. HARRIS, ContributingFRANKLIN NIBLEY LEE A. PALMER HUGHF.

- B. B. SIDNEY SPERRY PETERSEN CLAUDE

- General Manager: R. Associate Manager: CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA

- Advertising Business F. D. Manager: GILES S. SCOTTREEDER VERL JOHN Jhe C-over Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARRDirector:

The cover by Monkmeyer indicates the joy of winter sports, especially skiing as it is enjoyed in the invigorating atmosphere of Mt. Ranier, Washington.

The Editor's Page

Let There Be Reverence President David O. McKay 77

Church Features

EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Your Question: The Prophet's Vision of Salvation for the Dead Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Joseph Fielding Smith 79 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Building Named for President David O. McKay 82 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Way of the Church—Controlling the Past—II.Hugh Nibley 86 Copyright 1955 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a CorpoImprove- of the Men's Young Mutual ration 70 Melchizedek Priesthood Church Moves The 112 On Christ of Association of the Jesus Church ment Early Records Genealogy: Presiding Bishopric's in EngPage All reserved. Saints. rights Latterday Sub114 of

land, Stanley Kimball 96 scription price, $2.50 a year, in advance

foreign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance

25c single copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City,

Special Features mailingUtah, as atsecondclassspecial ratematter.of postageAcceptanceprovidedfor

for in section 1103. Act of October 1917. auHave Faith in the Future...Rex A. Skidmore and C. Jay Skidmore 80 thorizedThe ImprovementJuly 2, 1918.Era is not responsible for

Scouting in Thailand.Virginia F. Cutler 84 unsolicitedtributions. manuscripts,All manuscriptsbut mustwelcomesbe accomcon-

Turning Tides John Sherman Walker 91 panied by sufficient postage for delivery and "Why Advertising?"92 return.

Damming the Little Colorado...Ruth Savage Hilton 94 Change of Address

The Spoken Word from Temple Square..Richard L. Evans 102, 104, 108 Thirtyaddress. days'Whennoticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease inof

clude address slip from a recent issue of

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Homer Durham 66 the magazine. Address changes cannot be

unless made the old address as well as the new Harris, of the 121 65 Cancer Jr Mouth is included.

Times: "Coexistence,"G. These Your Page Ours 128 one and

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Mrs. Maurice Anderson Suggests If I Were in My Teens, A. Walter

TOWNSEND COMPANY Fare for February 116 Stevenson 118 EDWARD S.

110 Sutter St.

San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry 672 Lafayette Park Place

Los Angeles 57, California The Journey. Dorothy Clapp Robinson 88 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Someone to Lean On Irma F. Schaefer 93 New York 17, N. Y.

DAVIS & SONS Frontispiece: The Morning MounPoetry Page 76 30 N. LaSalle St.

tains, Maryhale Woolsey 75 Chicago, Illinois

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

nic * z

Peehd C,OVel"ve * tea*Poon gar; f salt <c %ew\>4fc stfip/uot Chf> and ma oh with l '* With b 3 "tter tab/esn oror * D,esPoons mmarganrre. soft. rw 4 *,ron corn ears n erC00k ftf; erus/y - 'y withwith Sor.Pread (don't1the fresh? u, ix oar/;r "gen-g

.PBW". -nd,,?;'. dash. NAPKINS PPer Napkins; '3nd

sebig2EE

Corn on the cob is twice the fun with

ZEE Napkins. See how they soak up butter spills

without shredding. New ZEE Napkins are so

soft, yet so much more absorbent you rarely need more than one per meal. They're strong when wet.

No washing, no ironing for you! In colors, too!

( ZEE pUu,lM) Crown Zellerbach Corporation Jrj*f.

The Church moves on 24 Hour service To Day Chronology Of Church Events 365 days a year A Day

n o Elder Reed Blatter, formerly secNovember 1954 w O ond counselor to President Cecil

Falls (Idaho) Idaho of South Hart the E. President D. Marion Hanks of

sucElectric 8 first counselor, as sustained Stake, Seventy dediof the First Council cated the chapels of the Pensacola ceeding Elder La Rue H. Merrill. Elder

Scott sustained as second WATER Branch and of the Crestview Branch in R. Jennings

Florida during his tour of the Southern counselor.

States Mission. Earlier in the tour he HEATING had dedicated the chapels of the Mont- O Q President David O. McKay re-

""ceived from King Paul of Greece, gomery (Alabama) Branch and of the

Lodi (Alabama) Branch. During his through that nation's consul in San

costs the tour he also dedicated the new mission Francisco, the Cross of the Commander average home in Atlanta, Georgia. of the Order of Phoenix. In presenting

family the award to President McKay, Mr. John

the consul, termed the Greek of Tzounis, S. Dilworth President Young only 9 clothing foodstuffs of and six carloads First Seventy of the the Council about

sent Church and Utah by the LDS of the Turkey chapel the dedicated 10c II Creek (Louisiana) Branch, Texasto Greece at the end of World War a day

Buy From Your Dtaltr /cj\ Or Plumt.tr Louisianaof the missionMission.he hadEarlierdedicatedin thischapelstour year,and during"the greatestthe earthquakessingle contributionthere last

at Barger, Amarillo, Plainview, and to the relief fund for Greece."Mr.

Be Modern Abilene, Texas. Tzounis came to Salt Lake City for the

two presentations. The second, the

Live Electrically President Marion D. Hanks of the Gold Cross of the Order of Phoenix,

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. 10 First Council of the Seventy dediwas given to Christopher E. Athas,

cated the chapel of the Biloxi (Missisowner of a Salt Lake City pharmacy.

sippi) Branch, Southern States Mission.

IT'S NOT 1-| President Marion D. Hanks of December 1954

J- the First Council of the Seventy that Elder Paul announced was of the Ft. Myers chapel the 4 ItTOO dedicated appointed B. Tanner had been States MisSouthern Branch, (Florida)

.. sion. the general board of the Deseret SunEARLY to

day School.

-j r-i President Marion D. Hanks of

1 'the First Council of the Seventy 5 A solemn assembly was held in dedicated the chapel of the Beaufort the St. George Temple for the

(South Carolina) Branch, Southern Church leadership of that area. Most

States Mission. of the General Authorities of the Church

were in attendance.

President Marion D. Hanks of the

President Clark, n Reuben Jr., J. dedi- -j of the Seventy Council 18 First

dedicated J- 6 the of chapel the Everof the Empire chapel c'ated the (Georgia) Branch, Southern States Misgreen Ward, East Mill Creek Stake.

Make arrangements now for the Unision. North Sacramento Stake—219 in the

versity of Utah study tour, visiting Church's current roll call of stakes

England, France, Italy, Switzerland, President Marion D. Hanks of the was organized from parts of the SacGermany, Holland, and Belgium. U. of 20 First Council of the Seventy dediramento (California) Stake, with Elder

U. credits obtainable; tour lasts apcated the chapel of the Ft. Lauderdale Austin G. Hunt, formerly first counproximately 60 days. Cost (New York (Florida) Branch, Southern States Misselor in the Sacramento Stake, as presito New York) $1075.00. For complete sion. dent. His counselors are Elders George

tour and trip arrangements, any place Edward Leavitt and Ralph B. Hutchin the world at no additional cost to It was announced that Elder Parings. With a membership of approxiyou. Call 5-6552 or 5-5924 now, for 27 ley H. Liddle had been appointed mately 3980, the new stake is composed

further information. to the general board of the YMMIA and of the following wards: Arcade, Arden,

that Carolyn Dunn and Virginia HarCarmichael, Del Paso, Fair Oaks, and

UNIVERSAL risboardhadofbeenthe appointedYWMIA. to the general Branch.Roseville Wardswards,comprisingand thetheAuburnSacraTRAVEL SERVICE E. ItAndersonwas announcedhad beenthatappointedElder Leito andthe mentoFirst, SacramentoStake now Second,are the SacramentoSacramento

HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE general board of the Deseret Sunday Third, Sacramento Fourth, and WoodSalt Lake City 5-6552-5-5924 School Union. (Concluded on page 73)

70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. Gospel Ideals president david o. m ckay

This volume presents important gospel principles as revealed in selections from the discourses of the ninth President of the L.D.S. Church. Some of the subjects discussed are:

The Prophet Joseph Smith, Priesthood and Its Work, The Church As A WorldWide Institution, Ward Teaching. $4.00

2. Our Lord of the Gospels j. reuben clark, jr.

A detailed comparison and harmony of Gospel scriptures on the life and mission of Jesus

Ctirist as found in the Four Gospels of the King James version and the Third Nephi in the

Book of Mormon. $5.00

3. The World and the Prophets hugh nibley

This outstanding book relates how the prophets have fared from the time of Christ to the present, including the Prophet Joseph Smith. Hugh Nibley's original research makes

this book invaluable for the student of church history and a great experience for even the most casual reader. $2.50

4. Matthew Cowley Speaks

This book embodies the many heartstirring sermons of the beloved Apostle Matthew Cowley.

His words of encouragement and faith reveal a true understanding of the principles of the

Gospel and of human nature. $4.00

5. Man, His Origin and Destiny joseph fielding smith

Within its pages you'll find an authoritative and convincing analysis of the theories of Organic Evolution and a concise statement of the doctrines of the Church concerning man's true origin and destiny. $4.00

i Deseret Booh Co.

44 Fast South Temple - Salt Lake City. Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah MmiMm Gentlemen:Enclosed you will find ( ) money order ( ) check ( ) charge

to my account the following amount $ for the (rVi/tff encircled (numbered) book(s):

Name

Address

City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax

FEBRUARY 1955 71 AS GENERAL ELECTRIC SEES IT..,

Here s a new way ofgiving cofleges

the financial help they need

The G-E Educational Fund announces a

HALF OF ALL plan to match an employee's gifts to his college, up to $1000 in one year

out of every two colleges and univer-U.S. COLLEGES One

sities in the U.S. is today operating in the red

... and rapidly increasing enrollments mean

they face a mounting deficit every year. OPERATE

To American industry, which depends on healthy schools for its trained man power, the question is, "How can we help—and enATA LOSS

courage others to help?"

A "Corporate Alumnus Program"is now announced for 1955 by the Trustees of the

General Electric Educational and Charitable

Fund. Here is the plan:

For every gift made by a G-E employee to an accredited fouryear U.S. college or university at which he has earned a degree, the

Fund will make a gift to the same school.

Within the limits of the plan, it is the intent to match each employee's contributions, up to $1000 in one year, on a dollarfor-dollar basis.

This is in addition to the scholarships, fellowships and grantsin-aid provided by the Fund.

The Corporate Alumnus Program will not itself lift the colleges'sizable dollar burden, but it will be a good start in stimulating increased alumni and industry support—and,

as we see it, a good example of progress in the American way.

When an employee gives to his college, his gift is backed up with a second check. For more information on the

Program write to:

General Electric Educational and Charitable

Fund, DepartmentX -2-123, Schenectady, N. Y.

The Church Moves On

(Concluded from page 70) land, and the Placerville and Spanish branches. Membership totals 3821.

Elder Albert B. Crandall was sustained

as president of the Sacramento Stake, succeeding President Perry E. Tingey.

Elder John Henry Huber, formerly second counselor to President Tingey, was sustained as first counselor, and Elder

Maurice J. Graham as second counselor. Elder LeGrand Richards of the

Council of the Twelve and Elder Alma

Sonne, Assistant to the Council of the

Twelve, directed the proceedings.

Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to

the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Torrance and the

Gardena wards, Inglewood (California)

Stake.

Elder Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to

the Council of the Twelve, dedicated the chapel of the Archer Ward, Rexburg (Idaho) Stake.

President Marion D. Hanks of the

First Council of the Seventy dedicated the recently remodeled chapel and recreation hall, with a new classroom wing, of the Bear River Ward, Bear

River (Utah) Stake.

Inw ElderCouncilMarkof theE. TwelvePetersendedicatedof the

the chapel in Montevideo, Uruguay,

About America. South six hundred perIt's the grapes! services. at the sons were

President Stephen L Richards of The world's finest grapes are grown in Joaquin sundrenched the San the dedicated Presidency the FirstH Valley California the on of Western the on O. David McKay building new the From of High Sierras. Slope

campus of Brigham Young University, wellcared-for vineyards, stretchingthese

Provo, Utah. mile after mile, only the best of each

Elder Oscar A. Kirkham of the First year's crop is selected and dried in

Council of the Seventy dedicated the the sun to make Plump and Meaty chapel of the Compton Second Ward, Brand raisins. That's why Plump and

Long Beach (California) Stake. est,Meatymeatiest,Brand aremostthe tastiest,luscious plumpraisins

you ever ate!

1 Q Elder Hugh B. Brown, Assistant

to the Council of the Twelve, was Make all your foods RICH with the speaker on the "Church of the Air"Plump and Meaty Brand raisins.

program of the Columbia Broadcasting Plump and Meaty Brand Natural

System's radio network. Music was Seedless Raisins are:

furnished by the Salt Lake Tabernacle PURE

Choir and Organ. UNADULTERATED

Elder Sterling W. Sill, Assistant to the ORCONTAINARTIFICIALNO CHEMICALS

Council of the Twelve, spoke on the PRESERVATIVES "Faith in Action"radio program of the

National Broadcasting Company. Music

for this radio program was furnished by the Mormon Choir of Southern CaliLuscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to fornia. you as fresh as the day they were packed

twicesealed in Flavotite cartons or bags.

O j It was announced that President They stay fresh and hold their natural goodand Sister David O. McKay would ness and taste. Try them today!

make a fortyfive thousand mile tour of the Pacific Missions of the Church. SAVE! Buy the economical two and four

Leaving early in January, they would be pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite.

accompanied by Elder Franklin J. MurThey keep!

dock, Church transportation agent, who will act as secretary during the trip. VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA

FEBRUARY 1955 73

Buy Nature's Best—

NABISOOGRAHAMS!

—Honey sweet,

Graham Good Only Nature could supply graham flour this wholesome... honey this

pure! And only Nabisco bakes

grahams this tender and golden brown. Now "scored"to break into

the perfect size for convenient eating and less crumbs. Make naturally

delicious Nabisco Sugar Honey Grahams a daily snack habit—

remember, they don't spoil appetites

IN 6 HANDY NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY INER-SEAL PACKETS

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA viiliP

-Southern Pacific Photo Morning Mountains

It is good to look at mountains

In the morning as they rise Tall to capture earliest sunshine

Climbing up the radiant skies.

On their topmost peaks they wear it

Like a monarch's crown of gold

Luminous against the heavens Where day's swift advance is scrolled.

One who looks at morning mountains

Knows a sense of taller height;

Breath is deeper; mind grows clearer;

Limbs stretch free from frets of night.

And the heart is lifted, strengthened;

Faith experiences rebirth, Seeing on the morning mountains

God's bright seal affixed to earth.

Maryhale Woolsey

FEBRUARY 1955 75 LINCOLN WALK IN THE SNOW ORCHARD OWNERSHIP

By Christie Jeffries v By Ila Lewis Funderhurgh By Anobel Armour en have called him a pine on a mountain When Thea and I walk in the snow, /hen branches were leafstripped and bare, "know. see a crag, world we scarcely We his surely as orchard was TheFirmrooted, rugged, ready and to where looked in spring he As when bright lately shelter or summer garden the storm the stag, TheTo battle

is. there all world the were Blossoms drifting white; Is in steady. blanketed strongLonely and and

post, each paling each and crowns Snow thick snow trees with the were But when ghost. sheeted shrub's deliverer, a every have added tne him named AndThey ground, to the ghostbent branches And sum

all to at know no way There was trees his until towers virtue green the In stand bare; he woods onceOf found. or held rights were owner's Where leaf flutters there, pedestal,Aloft a here ages drum, on and and brown A

is bit ours."of of green see only the bestloved the But"He we mystery with strange earth was Then Is of tree. cedar muffled the a branch

it kin, his on was nothing And is life his love a sign symbol; is aHis

tree leafgreen of any branch No to in all leadenbowed. snowsuit red hood freedom Small Thea andOf in. apples gathered he which From tree to pine, Flits silent from the palm laughing through wood; honor himAs we

pifion chickaree, jay a titmouse, aOur nation is humble and proud. A deed took an orchard's gay. Wintertime grow with her, woods Laugh and the seedl every planted From him who

CITY PIGEONS WINTER PEDDLER BRIEF MOON

By Lalia Mitchell Thornton By Grace Barker Wilson By Catherine E. Berry

feet, tread, pinkslippered shy withV/u swept winter wind northfrom down Te is tonight blur a golden TtoE moon windowsill. dusty My skies ern sky; the of far rim the On I for to scatter eat you crumbs of coldness, build a bridge and enshroud To across its It shadow thrusts beam

fill; feast your stay andSo forest pines of fur, in robes The ermine drifting by. clouds dark The I country a onceFor knew home thick, a all spread white carpet over And rain, foretelling clouds, heavy The hill, a rugged toppedThat of the scars industry. hide To manmade blows that restless wind The shingles a there gray with barnAnd icicles the grew eaves Long from downward the to from sight, tried push moon Have sagging beams, strong, butAnd lighted tall posts fence homes, wore and Of it goes slowly as But pigeons day: each came, hungryAnd caps far faint, between It path a cuts seems. the good memoryHow clotheslines long eiderdown. beOf The sky, land, the brooding The best as you guests, bring back may Shy came it view, from drops Till suddenly dreams. vanished boyhood littleMy for pins ropes diamondstudded Tight storm's dark hand. the Swept by

To dance upon. And late into the night,

THE MUSIC FESTIVAL AcrossThe winterthe still,windsnowcoveredcalled out countryside,his frozen TEACHER GRAHAM

June 1954 wares. By Beryl Stewart

By S. Dilworth Young WINTERBOUND /\neV Dam,day a flatboat snagged on Rutledge

Attention, Evan Stephens, By Eunice /. Miles AndBy givingTeacherhelpGrahamthat daywentto toAbraham,take a look;

John McClellan, Squire Goop3 'The night is fanged with frost; The teacher met a lad who loved a book.

Cecil Gates, teacher knew some men of circumcreek onceglad is dead; Though The Anthony stance as milk; is white pond Lund! The

success ax and gained by wielding Had unfed. deer roam

as vision, you Did hammer, fir trees branched with beauty you WildSlim part, your numbering Played that adshould help Abraham He claimed throw, Longfingered shadows

Musicians vance footprints rabbit twos By The human race by using tools of gramsnow. thincrusted or threes, TinyEtch

magnificent Such mar. sputters, the pinelog where Here,

Sound? winter's Unminding taught young Abe to chill, He plan each spoken seedlings as safe snuggle Such throbbing We word, Harmonies? hill. a on Snowhavened

say exactly To make it what was meant,

Did others of your band And then one day in Washington he heard (All too few), Abe Lincoln take the oath of President.

Hearing in their souls Regarding Abe with pedagogic pride,

Celestial music, He knew his years of faith were justified.

Hope?

PAGES This, Then, begins to be By Shirley Larsen

Fruition, Fulfilment: A simple piece of paper, unadorned,

Devoid of any meaning or a mark,

Pure youth sing praise Becomes, at length, when pen and ink are

To Israel's God; used,

Not hundreds, A picture of a winter, cold and dark,

But thousands send A peaceful evening, notes sung by a lark,

Symphonies of sound A fairytale to add some childish fun,

Lifting from the Tabernacle, Some mighty statesman's valuable remark,

As our children Or lovely words to paint a setting sun.

And our grandchildren A page becomes a masterpiece when it is

Sing our gratitude. done.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA K3N>vx9:3s5;3\5wJ>S5g;'5vr5&5?5xSS\?5s

Let There Be Reverence by President David O. McKay

look upon reverence as one of the highest take his name in vain. There is no provocation

qualities of the soul. An irreverent man is not that will justify it.

I a believing man. I think a man cannot testify * * * *

of his knowledge of the existence of God and take Whenever you go into the presence of a digniGod's name in vain. He can do it by words, but, tary, an earthly dignitary, you make preparation.

as the king in Hamlet, his words will fly up, but That is one fundamental reason why you put on his thoughts remain below. your Sunday best to go to the house of God, to

come into his presence. Such preparation is in

and of itself a virtue. It has a psychological ef-

"Reverence,"wrote Ruskin, "is the noblest fect; and that father who, in his eagerness to

state in which a man can live in the world. make money, will take his son out in the field to

Reverence is one of the signs of strength; irreverwork on Sunday without giving that son an opence one of the surest indications of weakness. portunity to take a rest, change his clothes, and

No man will rise high who jeers at sacred things. come in cleanliness of body and of mind into the

The fine loyalties of life must be reverenced or presence of his heavenly Father, deprives his son they will be foresworn in the day of trial."of a blessing, whether he is in the Church or out

of it.

The irreverent man has a crudeness about him that is repellent. He is cynical, often sneering, Children should be impressed with the inapand nearly always iconoclastic. propriateness of confusion and disorder in a worste sk sff Hz tk shiping assembly and should be made to realize

that it is the height of rudeness to leave services

Charles Jefferson, the author of The Character before dismissal. Young people who ignore such

of Jesus, writes: "Men in many circles are clever, proprieties are two hundred and fifty years behind

interesting, brilliant, but they lack one of the three the times. They should have lived in colonial

dimensions of life. They have no reach upward. days when just to make sure they stayed through

Their conversation sparkles, but it is frivolous and the service, young men were locked in their pews often flippant. Their talk is witty, but the wit by their superiors.

is often at the expense of high and sacred things."

The principle of selfcontrol lies at the basis of

A great man is reverent. He reverences Deity; he reverence and good order in classrooms. I do not

reverences all things associated with Deity and the know how to define reverence, but I do know how great problem that is facing the world today is to classify or place it as one of the objectives of the attitude toward God, his Son, and the gospel nobility, indeed, one of the attributes of Deity.

of Jesus Christ. Love is the divinest attribute of the human soul.

I am not so sure but sympathy is next to it * * * * * sympathy for the afflicted, for suffering animals,

Reverence for God's name should be dominant for our brethren and sisters. That is a Godlike

in every home. It is wrong, it is irreverent, to Virtue. {Concluded on following page)

FEBRUARY 1955 77 THE EDITORS PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) flipping papers, paying no attention, stumbling, kicking

Kindness is also a sublime virtue. The first sentence one another, he or she may know that the lesson is not

in what is now known as the Psalm of Love is this: "Love being properly presented; perhaps it was not even prosuffereth long and is kind."perly prepared.

However, I am prompted to place reverence next to love. Jesus mentioned it first in the Lord's prayer: "Our There is a great need in the Church which presidencies

Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name."of stakes, bishoprics of wards, presidencies of quorums,

(Matt. 6:9.) Hallow—to make holy—to hold in reverand officers in auxiliaries, can provide. I have in mind

ence! the need for more reverence in our houses of worship,

When Jesus cleansed the temple, he was filled with better order and discipline in our classrooms, in quorum reverent indignation because men were desecrating his meetings, and in auxiliary groups.

Father's house, selling doves and lambs to be offered as sacrifice. Moneychangers were there for the convenfor classwork, let a class rise andience of those who came from other countries, so they When you separate

could give in local currency their temple contributions. pass out of the room, and then another class follow,

Seemingly, in their own eyes, they were justified, but without this careless, sometimes boisterous attitude of they were doing these things in the house of God. We everybody's mingling and talking as he goes to his class.

are told that he overturned the moneychangers'tables and said to the sellers of doves, "Take these things hence; In the classrooms children should be taught, should

make not my Father's house an house of merchandise."be free to discuss, free to speak, free to participate in

(John 2:16.) classwork, but no member of the class has the right to

distract another student by jostling or making light and

Reverence and obedience to law should begin at home. frivolous remarks. And I think in this Church, in the

Indeed, too much emphasis cannot be laid upon the priesthood quorums and classes and in auxiliaries, teachresponsibility of parents to teach their children reverence ers and superintendents ought not to permit it. Disorder

it. He should learn thatfor God in all things sacred and to honor and uphold injures the child who makes

the law. when he is in society there are certain things which he

with cannot do impunity. He cannot trespass upon the

associates. of his The true expression of reverence is found in the rights

Savior's admonition to love the Lord thy God with all Let children learn this lesson in youth because when thy might, mind, and, strength, and thy neighbor as thythey get out in society and try to trespass against the self. (See Matt. 22:3739.) law, they will feel the restraining hand and probably

suffer punishment.

Stake officers, bishops, quorum presidents, auxiliary Good order in the classroom is essential to instil into leaders should make a special effort to maintain more the hearts and lives of young men and young women reverence during hours of worship. the principle of selfcontrol. They want to talk, and

they want to whisper, but they should not do it because it will disturb somebody else. Learn the power and lesson

One of our mothers recently went to a Sunday School of selfmastery.

class to try to find out why her son was losing interest. Reverence should be manifest in all our meetings....

There was so much boisterousness, so much confusion, People come to church for light and knowledge, for inso much noise, that she felt heartsick. struction, and they have a right to find it when they

come.

Here is where we need good teachers. A teacher who

can present a lesson interestingly will have good order, Reverence indicates high culture and true faith in and when he or she finds students who are rebellious, Deity and in his righteousness.

m 111 4T J The Twelve Chosen—H. S. Sicmiradzki, Artist

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Prophet's Vision

of Salvation

by Joseph Fielding Smith for the Dead

PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

"I have a question concerning the vision gospel, if they had been privileged with hearing it, and of the celestial kingdom given to Joseph who have received the gospel in the spirit, through the

Smith as recorded in volume two of the D.H.C., page instrumentality of those who have been commissioned

380, which is as follows: to preach to them while in prison.

"'All who have died without a knowledge of this gos- "Without enlarging the subject, you will undoubtedly pel, who would have received it if they had been persee its consistency and reasonableness; and it presents

mitted to tarry, shall be heirs of the celestial kingdom of the gospel of Christ in probably a more enlarged scale

God; also all that shall die henceforth without a knowlthan some have imagined it."(D.H.C. Vol. 4:231.)

edge of it, who would have received it with all their From that time on, the subject of baptism and salvahearts, shall be heirs of that kingdom, for I, the Lord, tion for the dead was a favored theme by the Prophet will judge all men according to their works, according in which he declared that only through baptism could to the desire of their hearts.'either the living or the dead obtain salvation in the

"Knowing that baptism is essential for entering the celestial kingdom. In September 1842 he wrote by

kingdom of heaven, I assume that it is understood that revelation the two important letters on salvation for the those who die without a knowledge of the gospel will dead and the need for a recorder making a complete have to receive baptism, vicariously, before they can inrecord of every ordinance thus performed. These apherit the kingdom; but will not those who died in igpear as sections 127 and 128, in the Doctrine and Covenorance have to have the gospel taught to them and nants.

receive their reward according to how wholeheartedly The Savior said to Nicodemus, "Except a man be born they accept Christ and his teachings, or will they be reagain, he cannot see the kingdom of God."Nicodemus

warded in accordance to the things they would have done did not understand this; so the Lord repeated: "Verily,

on earth, had they had the chance to do them? It seems verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water

that the latter is implied in the revelation."and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of

God."(John 3:3, 5.)

Baptism, therefore both by the water and by conThis revelation is one of the earliest firmation, under the hands of one who holds divine auAnswer: foreshadowing the salvation for the dead. thority to officiate in these ordinances, is a requirement

It was given in the Kirtland Temple, under the folmade of every person old enough to be accountable before lowing circumstances: The First Presidency and a few the Lord. The vision given to the Prophet in the Kirtothers met in the Kirtland Temple to attend to some land Temple in 1836, was one portraying what would

ordinances when the heavens were opened to them and be, not that had taken place, for his father and mother the Prophet beheld the celestial kingdom and saw his were still living. Because Alvin had accepted and apfather, mother, and his brother Alvin, who had died proved the mission given to his younger brother Joseph

before the restoration of the gospel, in that kingdom. He but was cut off before there was an opportunity for him

marveled over this, since Alvin had died before the to be baptized, the Lord indicated that he was, through priesthood was restored and the Church was organized the vicarious ordinances of the gospel when performed and, therefore, had not been baptized. Then came the for him, entitled to all the blessings of the exaltation

voice declaring the words previously quoted. This was which he would have received had he lived to obtain

January 21, 1836. them in person.

Later, in October 1840, the Prophet wrote an epistle In his justice our eternal Father grants to all those to the Twelve who were in Great Britain, in which he who would have received the gospel had that privilege preached to them baptism for the dead. In this epistle come to them, the same blessings which are received

he said: "I first mentioned this doctrine in public when by the faithful who are living. This is done by vicarious

preaching the funeral sermon of Brother Seymour Brunwork in the temples of the Lord.

son; and have since then given general instructions in

the Church on the subject. The Saints have the privilege of being baptized for those of their relatives who XiyC i Cj-.

are dead, whom they believe would have embraced the

FEBRUARY 1955 79 today, and that we need and shall need

YOUNG PEOPLE OF THIS GENERATION in SotheI saynext togeneration.these youth of ours: go forth

and live your lives with humility, with gratitude, with repentance, keeping the commandments of God and having faith in the future and preparing yourselves for the future.* Have Faith in the Future

In other words, faith in the future and preparation for the times ahead by Dr. Rex A. Skidmore are imperative for joyful living in the

f. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH present. The importance of faith is

illustrated by the account of the fiveand Dr. C. Jay Skidmore year old girl, who, in 1885, took her

UTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE first trip from Huntsville—a small

farming village—by horse and buggy.

She was accompanied by her father who told her they would follow the

Betty and Joe are in love. After or nothing; most marriages fall somepicturesque canyon road to the "big

of courtship an eventful extremes between nearly where the two and city"of miles away. Ogden—thirteen satisfactions so provide years, they engaged are two became which narthe As the buggy bumped along

and planned to marry within a few needed during perilous times. To row road, hugging the splashing

months. Then came "Uncle Sam's know that someone really cares is so stream in many places, the girl nogreetings"for military service. Should important! ticed the walls of the canyon were

they go ahead and get married? Elder Richard L. Evans, in general narrowing. Fear began to rise withWhat about the hydrogen bomb, conference, advised as follows: in her. Soon, as she looked ahead,

and the Russians? Would marriage she could see only massive rocks and

complicate matters or bring happi- I should like to say to the young people huge cliffs which appeared to block this that generation they too have mustness? about children born durof What arose, the rainstorm the way. and A... faith in the future. times?ing critical girl to cry, "We'll never began make lived ever generation has without No

Thousands of young couples face facing uncertainty. If those who faced the it. I want to go home."Her daddy

similar questions, as did Betty and uncertainties of ten or twentyfive or fifty put his arm around her, and assursaid, "Honey, we'll make it allJoe. We live in a world of unceryearsseemedagoto hadthemsatto bybe andimminentwaitedcalamities,for what ingly

tainty which affects the lives of all we should not have had the able and right. We'll just follow the road."

people, directly or indirectly. Can ready and wellqualified men that we have 'General Conference, Saturday, April 8, 1950.

successful family life bring peace of mind in a troubled world?

History reflects that one of the certainties of life is that it includes some uncertainties. Each generation

has had to face perilous times and difficulties. Young men and women

today face the danger of global war and the hydrogen bomb; early settlers on the western frontiers went to

sleep at night wondering if they would awaken with their scalps intact.

Young couples living in the Utah valleys in the 1850's might well have asked, "Should we get married?

Maybe Indians will attack tomorrow."

In 1919, some prospective mates probably wondered, "Should we postpone the wedding? Maybe neither will

survive the flu."

In times of stress, marriage may either enrich living or complicate it, depending on the maturity of the persons involved and the degree of family unity. Successful family life provides love, affection, recognition,

understanding, and companionship which are so needed; an unsuccessful marriage adds fuel to the fires of

uncertainty. Of course; it is not all—Monkmeyer Photo

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

And follow the road they did. Just as important as the

Soon the dark clouds disaplength of courtship is the qualpeared; the canyon walls widity of association. This means

ened; and before long the that the couple have a chance

"big"city was before them. to get acquainted with their

Somewhat similarly, as youth, "aprons and overalls"selves.

and older people, have faith The glamorous veneer is really and follow the gospel road, of little importance over the they realize that come what years; the part behind the

may, everything will work out shining armor is what counts.

all right. This means that courting couIn addition to having faith ples not only need to play

in the future, preparation for together, but also to work tomarriage is essential in these gether, pray together, and talk uncertain times. together, often and seriously.

They need to discuss what To Marry or Not to Marry each really wants out of life

Studies during World War and how each hopes to attain

II show that couples who were these goals.

well prepared for marriage Getting acquainted in a achieved success while those spiritual way is particularly who married in a hurry and important. Spiritual oneness

were not ready ran into seriand harmony provide a founous trouble. Thousands of dation for marriage that can

such marriages ended disasweather violent storms. Studies

trously. show that marrying within

The decision to marry is often made pointed if you do not reach your one's own church is important. The

in the moonlit atmosphere of romantic academic goals? Can you be indecloser a couple come on spiritual

bliss, with little thought of the rependent economically? Does your matters, the better the chances for

sponsibilities involved. It seems apvocation give you the security and successful marriage.

propriate for couples on the verge of satisfaction that you and your family 3. Do You Have Enough Love to

marriage to spend many hours diswill demand? Can you think for Marry?

cussing or even put in writing what yourself? Are you growing wise in Being in love is of great importance

marriage may mean, and bring, in spiritual knowledge? Does your for a happy marriage. Answers to

meeting their basic needs and values. philosophy of life encompass worththe following questions may help one

As they explore the complexities and while values? Are you able to keep understand the strength of love that

joys of marriage and anticipate their selflove at a minimum and give love exists problems and plans, they may well and service for the joy and welfare of (a) Do you enjoy being together seek information from printed sources others? One must be realistic in and miss each other greatly when

and especially from wise persons appraising himself, his prospective separated?

parents, teachers, counselors, and mate, and the factors neczssary for (b) Have you had enough time bishops—so they will gain undersuccessful marriage. It tikes effort together so that you know the real

standing and insight to help make inas well as wisdom to create a famtraits of each other?

telligent decisions. The following ily that meets adequately the crises (c) Are you spiritually in tune?

questions and discussions are used as and problems of the times. (d) Are you able to think often

examples to show how persons should 2. Have you had an adequate of the other person's needs and feelinvestigate their readiness for marcourtship? ings in preference to your own?

riage. One couple boasted that they mar- (e) Are you attracted to each

I. Are You Mature Enough for ried within two weeks after they first other?

Marriage? met, and that their family life was (f) Are you willing to accept each

Physically, you are ready for marwonderful. What they claim may be other's limitations?

riage at an early age. However, only true, but their situation is a rare ex- (g) Do you have a desire to

a few persons are mature enough for ception; many couples who marry on complement and strengthen each

marriage as young as the law permits. short acquaintance, too often get unother?

More important than physical mamarried later. (h) Are you proud of and do you

turity is your ability to adjust to the Successful courtship involves both respect your fiance (e)?

responsibilities of marriage and the quantitative and qualitative aspects. (i) Are you willing to meet toadult world. Have you grown up Sociological studies show that those gether whatever problems the future

emotionally or do you cry excessively, who go together for two to three years brings?

get upset easily, or become depressed usually get along better in marriage (j) Can you make life more meanreadily when life isn't as rosy as you than those who have dated for shorter ingful and beautiful together than would like it to be? Are you able to periods of time. The better a couple with someone else or alone?

make friends and have fun in groups? are acquainted before marriage, usualLove in marriage should continue

Have you completed your education ly the less difficulties after the cereto grow and develop, but it must start and training, or will you be disapmony is over. (Concluded on page 121)

FEBRUARY 1955 81 of the university that in our estimate and concept of the great art of teaching there is available to us an outstanding, living exemplar in this noble profession. It is in recognition

of his distinctive contribution to this profession, that the newly erected educational building is being given its name. How appropriate and fitting

and stimulating is the naming of this building by action of the board of trustees honoring this man, his capable and charming wife and family.

"Here is a great teacher, one of whose fundamental concepts in pedagogy is that there can be no adequate teaching of youth without personality, without making every truth and principle taught a motivating factor in the life and living of the individual. The very naming of

this building will bring personality to it, if that is possible with inanimate things. The name will connote high

principles and effective methods which will characterize the teaching processes carried forward in the structure. It will be a constant reminder

to both instructors and students.

"And the name will serve these purposes because of the man who bears the name. Here is a teacher

distinctive, set apart from other

President and Sister McKay cutting ribbon at dedication ceremonies. teachers of the world. In his younger

days he carried on his profession in the classroom and in the administration of a school. Through native endowment, industry, and study, he BUILDING NAMED

acquired great proficiency in the educational processes. Those who were

half FOR PRESIDENT in his classes, in his school, a century ago remember him with great affection and gratitude, and their DAVID O. McKAY children have been told of the influence of his personality on the lives

all, theSignal honor was accorded Presiham Young University as he reof their parents. But, after

dent David O. McKay, devoted minded those assembled: lives of those touched immediately by

teacher and friend and adviser "In this university the teaching his classroom work are relatively few of youth, on December 14, 1954, as profession is impressed with a special in number. In young manhood he

the David O. McKay building, the trust. Not only must they who folwas called from his principalship of an

latest addition to the expanding low it be devoted to the cultivation of academy to be a teacher in the kingcampus of Brigham Young University, the mind and the impartation of dom of our Lord. He never deserted

was dedicated and named in the knowledge, but also they must be his profession. He expanded it. He

President's honor. largely, if not chiefly, concerned with dignified it, and he glorified it.

The dedicatory service itself was the things of the spirit, with the "The Sunday Schools of the Church a wellpaid tribute to President prime purpose of preparing the stuwere the first beneficiaries of his art.

McKay and his family. In services dent for the acceptance of divine He did much to bring order into their

held in the George Albert Smith revelation. This latter objective may teaching. Uniform courses of study

Fieldhouse, President Ernest L. Wilkbe realized only through intercom- were established. The aims and obinson of Brigham Young University munion of soul with soul, and the jectives of lessons were clarified, and

spoke of the early life of President sharing of testimony and spiritual inimmeasurable inspiration given to the

McKay, and President Stephen L fluence."teachers of this great organization for

Richards of the First Presidency gave Later he voiced this tribute to the application of gospel principles the dedicatory address and prayer. President McKay: in making Latterday Saints. The

In his address President Richards "It is also fortunate, most fortunprocedures fostered by him had inspoke of the unique position of Brigate, for the sponsor and the patrons fluence in all the organizations of the 82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Church. He brought untold improveradiating truth in their lives. That is ments of English, psychology, modem

ment in their teaching procedure. His my responsibility to the thousands of languages, and history and political

constant advocacy of personality as a these students who study in this buildsciences.

potent factor in education has proved ing we dedicate today."Construction of the building was

to be of inestimable value throughout Music for the services was furnished begun on March 8, 1954. Elder Mark

the years. by the combined university choruses E. Petersen of the Council of the

"His attitude toward teachinghas and the university concert band. Twelve and member of the board of

come about naturally from his abidElders David Lawrence McKay and trustees of Brigham Young Univering interest and faith in the indiLlewellyn R. McKay, sons of Presisity, officiated at the official groundvidual. Every little boy and girl and dent McKay, offered the invocation breaking ceremonies. The building

grown ones, too, who have heard him and the benediction. Sister McKay was completed by November 30, 1954

speak to them have been made to feel had the pleasure of cutting the riband was turned over to the university that their individual welfare was the bon to open the new McKay Building for installation of furnishings.

intimate concern of this great teacher. officially. The main portion of the building

I am thinking of the hosts of boys The David O. McKay Building is 280 feet long and 61 feet wide, with

who have been touched and impressed will house facilities of the college of a wing at the south which extends by his simple illustration of ejecting education with its departments of the width an additional 62 feet. It

a drop of ink from his fountain pen elementary education, secondary eduis a threestory building. The buildinto a glass of clear water to indicate cation, and educational administraing contains 104 offices and 31 classthe pollution of sin on the innate tion; and the college of humanities rooms, conference rooms, and laboravirtue of a human soul. So all who and social sciences, with its departtories.

have come within the radiation of his teaching have been made to feel, not only that they have been enlightened by his exposition of truth, but they have also a friend deeply concerned in their individual welfare.

May this not be—I direct the question

to members of the profession far better equipped to answer better than I may this not be the very epitome of the teaching art—to enlighten and

befriend?"In responding President McKay said: '"This is a soulstirring hour—in my

educational career the most significant in my life.... I sense a feeling of

expanding gratitude and an increased sense of responsibility such as I have never before experienced....

"I rejoice with you in the fact that the facilities of the Brigham Young

University are this day enhanced by the addition of another new building.

... With this feeling of satisfaction

I share with you a feeling of pride of our membership in the Church that so munificently supports an institution that now has taken its place among the leading institutions and universities of our land and which is destined to become the greatest

Church university in the world.

"In naming this new addition, you bestow upon Sister McKay, our children, and our brothers and sisters, a great honor for which I now, in their behalf, extend to you our heartfelt thanks. Your tributes have awakened many cherished thoughts and

have stirred my emotions deeply....

"Thousands of students will enter this building seeking truth and those whose name that building bears carry the responsibility of exemplifying, President McKay in front of the new David O. McKay building.

FEBRUARY 1955 83 Onefirstof threethe greatestweeks thrillsin Thailandof my nutCreativeoil usedplanningfor lightingand workingthe wicks.out

[Siam] was to witness the Nadetails was evident in each structure. booI. Onebridge.of the3. cottages.Scout bands2. Buildingin fronta bamof

tional Scout Jamboree. More than Not a single nail was used in putting monument of King Roma VI who organized

six thousand handsome young men these cottages together. They were first Scout group. 4. Scout leaders inspect

dressed in the finest Boy Scout style solidly constructed, with roofs that tages.construction.6. Frame5. Compoundwork for thatchof severalcottagescotand representing all seventytwo would not leak. The workmanship made of bamboo and reeds. 7. Umbrellas

provinces participated. Their march was excellent in every detail. made by one of the troops. 8. Mess time.

before the king was breathtaking. Exhibits of work done during the

King Phumiphon Aduldet who is in past year were most enlightening.

his early twenties is in charge of the entire Boy Scout program.

Setting up the encampment gave the boys an opportunity to show what scouting had taught them. Their first problem was to

provide a shelter for their sixdays stay in Bangkok. They weregiven bamboo, reed, and palm SCOUTING IN TH

leaves and instructed to plan for by Virginia F. Cutler

sleeping quarters, separate kitchen, and dining areas, and in two days construct and complete their shelter. They started making

plans at nine in the morning, and all Since fishing is of great importance, EDITOR'S NOTE work was finished by nine in the every Scout learns to make all sorts Dr. Virginia F. Cutler, head of the Deevening of the next day. The great of fish traps. These are works of art partment of Home Economics at the Unidexterity of these young men was as well as being useful. Every Scout versitythat institutionof Utah, issinceon leaveshe ofhasabsenceacceptedfroma

truly amazing. Some of the troops learns to make various types of bascall from the government of Thailand to

worked together to provide a comkets that are needed in this country. help that country establish a home ecopound of several thatched cottages Nearly everything is carried in a basnomics program. En route to Thailand,

with a fence around all of them, and ket, and the variety of types needed missionsSister Cutlerof the visitedChurch,manyincludingcountriesthe Swissand others worked out a plan for their is almost endless. Great skill is develAustrian Mission where her son Garth is

own group. Every shelter had some oped in creating these beautiful basnow serving.

unique aspects that made it different kets. Reed mats have many daily Dr. Cutler, a member of the general

from the others; for example, the boys uses. Scouts learn to make these board of the YWMIA since March 19, 1947,

from the northern province of Chiengwith considerable variety of pattern. hasterest,servedGleaner,as chairmanand Bee ofHivethe committees,Special Inmai mounted a tiger and used that as On display, too, were various handas well as chairman of the Special Projects

the center around which their shelters made tools used in cultivation and and the EducationCorrelation committees.

were built. There was considerable harvesting rice, the principal crop of She was serving as chairman of the Bee

variation in kitchen and dining arThailand. Mounted birds, animals, Hiveleave ofcommitteeabsence fromwhentheshegeneralwas boardgiven ina

rangements. One troop had lamps at and insects of the region told their order to assume her present challenging

the entry made of bamboo with coco- (Concluded on page 111) position.

King Phumiphon Aduldet, who is in charge of the Boy Exhibits of mounted birds, animals, and insects plus all sorts of fish

Scout program in Thailand. traps and basketry.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

everything which redounded to the credit of the heroes of the past...

to explain away the unworthy and to emphasize the pious motive which guided their conduct."14 These learnControlling fhe fkf ed men felt it their duty in presenting the message of an ancient prophet

to the unlearned, to restate it in such by Dr. Hugh Nibley a way as "to draw out its implicit

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY teaching; to harmonize the teaching

of the prophet with the current in- 4. All for the Party the state for any piece of news, no terpretation of the Jewish schools...

matter how old, that might embarrass to modify the language of the prophGeorge Orwell's much cited and the government if brought to light et where it seemed inconsistent with

Eightynovel, NineteenIndisturbing of traditional the the nation's view promises prophecies that and of—old tyrannical superstate Four, the history cases, even, in certain and failed, glorious of have deeds men

its is masters operated future bythe to the reverse of the plain meaning of rulers, favor the with now out 15 conproposition that theon "who text."friendly alliances with governments

trols the past controls the present, restate, all this to forth. or odious not the busy Whether now and so controls controls present theand who

of is to the record be deitem, vamping he comes such upon an When is of the secret future."the That

power: If you can control people's our hero immediately cuts it out and plored as dishonest and unscientific

does not concern us at the moment. in its burns it, substituting a place past, of control their the ideas you

is does concern us the fact What version of the story same the revamped ideas of the present hence and records the been have manipuof exactly the rethat so same length butfuture. of the hero The unhappy

lated in deliberate a attempt to conas written that the it seem to make relations in public astory works past. trol the scholars years For many present has government always been is controlled.office the past where

His task is to check all back newsright, infallibly vindicated in the unwere convinced that Ramses II was papers kept in the official files of folding of events. It is a careful, just about the greatest builder and

deliberate controlling of the past, a warrior king that ever lived. Ramses

rewriting of history in retrospect to planned it that way. While his stonesuit the present interests and support cutters conscientiously effaced from

the present policies of the Party, buildings and monuments the names whose authority is thus confirmed of their real builder (that is, where by the verdict of history. other enterprising monarchs had

All this seems to us very cynical not already beaten him to it) and and sordid, and yet, appalling as it substituted in their place the name seems, Mr. Orwell has given a very of the ruling Ramses, his historians

fair description of what has been were busy writing up the accounts going on for thousands of years in of battles that had turned out badly the learned world! Except in its for the king in such a way as to transform them into glorious victories. That coldblooded mechanics, wherein does

was controlling the past in the grand the operation described differ from manner, a practice as old as Egypt that of the learned Hebrew Metfor The Fifth Dynasty, examurgemen? In his business of renitself.

ple, its based authority on an historidering ancient into conHebrew cal of account three brothers, which diffitemporary Aramaic "the most is a forgery. most palpable

cult passages were simplified, or explained, the incidents of the past By now some American college conformed to the ideas of the present professors know that conventional is largely a pious... and, finally, the laws expanded Roman history

in accordance with the practice and party fiction, madeto-order history teaching of later times... the that bucks the evidence at every turn.

Meturgeman did not scruple to transLikewise the whole body of Greek form the text before him in the literature that has come down to us boldest fashion...,"13 has had to pass the scrutiny of genHis motive in this, we are told, was erations of narrow and opinionated

"to gloss over or to modify everything men: it is not the literature of the

Ramses II. For many years scholars were which seemed inconsistent with the Greeks that we have inherited but

the greatabout thatconvinced he was just lived. accepted view of the history of the a puree made from that fraction that everest builder warrior king and

He planned it that way. nation, to magnify and expound of their writings which the doctors

sostom all recommend and use the kale apate ("fair deception"), and justify it by Jeremiah 4:10 1!) "—Ah,

Lord God! surely thou hast greatly

deceived this people."

Just as physicians must sometimes tell fibs to patients to help them along, and as those tending small children or the feebleminded can handle them and help them more effectively by making up stories as they go, so the Christian priest was to cultivate a useful deception as an essential tool in dealing with the laity according to John Chrysostom. 20

"When Jacob deceived his father,"he explains, "that was not deception but oeconomia."20

Jerome admits to employing "a sometimes useful deception,"and admires others for the same practice:

"how cunning, how shrewd, what a dissimulator!"21 And he cites Origen

as teaching that "lying is improper and unnecessary for God, but is to be esteemed sometimes useful for men, provided it is intended that some good should come of it."22 But

whoever lied with any other intent?

In support of his contention, Origen appeals to Plato's doctrine of deception in thing which the Republic—a

23 even the pagans. shocked had

It was common practice for Christian scholars in the Middle Ages both "without scruple to put forward older texts, with slight alteration, as their own compositions,"24 and to put forth their own composi- -Photo by Camera Clix tions without scruple as ancient texts.

THE CHRIST by Klinke For centuries the Medieval Church rested its claims to temporal power have felt proper to place in the hands love for the Apostle"composed a on the false Isidorian Decretals, of students after much abridgment fantastic miracle and adventure tale though recognized from the first as and revisal. In compiling their colcalled "The Acts of Paul,"which a forgery, and its doctrinal and ritual

lege omnibuses of "standard"plays, did great damage to the church. 17 structure on the PseudoDionysius

orations, and poems, and in preparHe meant well. "We write these Areopagiticus, a most obvious fake.

ing their College Outline Series of things,"the Apostles are represented "Whoever knows and understands humanities and science, the profesas protesting in the Apostolic Conthe men of the Middle Ages,"Bohmsors of Alexandria effectively constitutions, "that you might get things er writes, "how many of them, though signed to oblivion any writings not straight, and not receive books which excellent bishops, abbots, clerics, and on the approved list: the Greek are falsely circulated in our name. monks by the standards of the time,

schoolmen destroyed the Greek herit-... Simon and Cleobus have pubpractised falsification of documents,

age. 10 lished books in the name of Christ (here follows a list of important

Wherever we look in the ancient and the Apostles, and there are all names)... will answer with an

world the past has been controlled, sorts of forgeries circulating in the unqualified affirmative"the question, but nowhere more rigorously than names of the prophets and patri- "could Lanfranc have been a comin the history of the Christian church. archs."18 But the practice continued mon forger?"25 The common purThe methods of control, wherever and grew: "Forgery was viewed by pose of such forgeries was to control

we find them, fall under three generwide circles of the ancient Church the past, specifically to make it apal heads which might be described as not merely as an excusable fraud, pear that certain episcopal sees, es- (a) the invention, (b) the destrucbut a thoroughly legitimate oeconopecially that of Rome, had from the tion, and (c) the alteration of documia (operation, administrative measearliest times enjoyed more powers ments. Thev deserve some attention. ure) in the war against the enemies and prerogatives for which in fact

a. Fabrication: Tertullian tells of of the faith. Origen, Clement of no real evidence existed. 26

a scholar in Asia Minor who "out of Alexandria, Hilary, and John Chry- (Continued on page 104)

FEBRUARY 1955 87 'WmmW''The Journey

by Dorothy Clapp Robinson

protest a loud delost the truck to distance. in the Mountains Over

to start. cided the north Greg Swanson west etched ragged and

punished his chin with a hard peaks against a cobalt sky.

knuckle and scowled at the elderly "Kinda purty,"Greg, Senior, said.

man in the seat beside him. "What's pretty?"Greg came back

"Sure you want to go, Granddad? from his private treadmill. Then,

It will be a rough trip in this old bone after his grandfather's inclusive wave, shaker. Why don't you wait until "It's not bad if you have nothing on

someone comes up in a car?'-'your mind but the morning."

"I've ridden in worse than this, The old man's still keen eyes and"But-—"over worseGregroads.wantedI don'tto saymind."he jawsearchedwas sethis andgrandson'stense. Heprofile.chuckled.The

minded, plenty. The scene with "What's so funny?"Greg debe—well,Pauline atrugged.the end Itof wouldthe tripnotwouldease manded."Jest remembering. Nothing you'd

matters to have one of the family in be interested in."

on it. Why did he have to tag along? Greg bristled. That sounded like

Take one guess; but he's not going to a dismissal, but he did not press the

flip me, he thought. My mind is question. He was no more interested

made up. in reminiscences than he was in lec-

"I promise I'll be good."tures. He had too many real probGreg came to with a jerk. The lems to get settled, and the trouble

twinkle in his grandfather's eyes with old people was that they lived made him feel guilty, so he spoke in the past and completely ignored harshly. present situations. If Pauline would

"Okay. It's you for it."He reco-operate, they could pull out of

leased the clutch and whirled a cloud this—situation with not too much

"Huh."Greg sniffed, and the of dust about them as the car swung loss. If she didn't, well—his jaw

onto the highway. The grandfather, tightened. scent of sage and dry air was not bad.

who was Greg, Senior, twisted until At the noncommittal grunt, Greg, he found a semblance of comfort for Senior, stole another look at the unhis body. The truck putputted along, relenting jaw. The boy had good

skirting the town and heading north leather in him, if only a way could and west into the desert. be found to make it usable.

The morning was crisp and clear "Taking seed out?"he asked.

but with more than a hint of the heat "Yeh, spuds."Suddenly Greg

wanted to get this thing in the open. to come. There were low hanging

clouds in the extreme southwest. They Just to let his grandfather know where

might, with luck, mean rain. If they he stood. "But I don't know why.

followed this spring's pattern they I'm not going to be there another would mean nothing but dust and year. I have a buyer for the place."

For some minutes the old man disappointment.

Town fell behind, and then the theredid notwas answer.a note of regretWhen inhehis spoke,voice.

farms, and presently they were travel- "That so? I hadn't heard, or maying through a dry and desolate rebe I jest forgot. Seems I recollect

gion where only the surfaced road you bought my homestead."

and an occasional testified car to the the bank. and I sank "I did—mepresence of man. The truck topped I got for They dipped into a swale, and the what the service in station

a gentle rise. To the left two soliair in the cab grew hot, even with it. And all the talking in the world

tary buttes raised their sentinel heads the windows down. rose they isn't As going to make me change my theabove desert; encompassing a again, a breeze off stiff coming the mind."

desert that was broken only by bare sage made a pretense of cooling them. "No. No, I'm certain of that."

lava boulders and graygreen sage. "Sure smells good. It is hard to The accelerator hit the floor. The

Ahead the road ran smoothly, unget used to air that is full of soot truck leaped to obey. Waves of land

dulating with the land, until it was and fumes."approached rapidly and receded just

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA w::,:- -:*":........,.,,,.,....

ing nearer. Well, after a lifetime of

it a man might get to liking this kind of scenery. Granddad had been

lucky. He had taken up land in the

valley they were approaching when farming had not been tied up with, well, just everything but farming.

"Kinda depressing, ain't it?"

Greg looked about briefly, surprised that his grandfather would admit the fact. They were in a

roughly gouged valley, and there was nothing to be seen in any direction but rocks and more rocks with patches of brush here and there. A jackrabbit came out of the brush and

leaped crazily back and forth before it reached the safety of the brush again. "You mean this shutin-can't-seeout business? When can you ever see

farther than the end of your nose?

All rocks and never an end in sight."

"Well,"Greg, Senior, chose his words carefully, "I wouldn't go so far as to say that, but life does have its ups and downs. Like this desert,

rough in spots."

"I'm still looking for an up. My

downs get deeper all the time."

The truck climbed from the gully.

The mountains were hidden by a higher rise ahead, but the interminable gray stretched in all directions.

Greg took up the conversation.

Senior, Greg, "Well,"chose carefully, his words does but life have its downs. Like ups and this desert—rough"I wouldn'tin spots."go so tar as to say that, in "You'da while.thinkInsteadyou'd getyoua breakget this,"once

he waved his arm, "and this,"as as fast. The two buttes were left in the cab broken only by the whinthey dipped into another gully. Hot

behind, and the mountains to the ing of the motor and the whipping of shadows lay deep, half concealing north took on majesty and color, the wind. The swales deepened into broken boulders that gave menace

while the vanguards of clouds hovered troughs caused by the cooling and to careless drivers. The gully ran on

above the snowy peaks to the west. pulling back of the lava crust. Around for miles. The climb out from this

The truck labored hard to keep up the brush and in the breaks of the distance looked impossible.

with its driver. rocks cheat grass and a few hardy "Kinda reminds me,"Granddad

"You're losing the farm, I take it."flowers made shift to soften the harsh began, but his voice dwindled unThe truck almost reared on its picture. The wheels struck a rough certainly. Presently he began again,

hind the wheels with sudden release place, the old and was thrown man of "Kinda reminds me once—everyof pressure. glance, Greg's turned violently against the handle of the direction there was no out. That way

on his grandfather, held glints of door. was the time Sarah left me."

fire. "I'm sorry, Granddad. Are you

fooling?"suspilooked Greg "No

it. "No. I losing not hurt?"I am am

ciously at his granddad, but he was it.sick of it. sick Plenty of First "Takes more to hurt than that

serious. deadly it."can't "I believebugs, falling then markets, then no me."

rain. Next year something else."Greg wasn't sure. From the cor- "Yep. She up and took the chil-

"Can't say as I blame you. Going ner of his eye he noticed a bluedren and left."

back to the service station, are you?"veined hand go up and rub the Greg's interest quickened. This

"No, I think not."He waited for shoulder. Too bad he had come. Yet sounded like a story. "Where did

more questions, but there were none. he showed no signs of weariness exshe go?"

No questions could be as much of a cept in the lines time had etched in Greg's suspicion returned. How

nuisance as too many. You'd exhis face. He did seem to be uncome he hadn't heard this story bepect Gramp to be interested since usually quiet today; as a matter of fore. "You wouldn't be jabbing me,

he'd taken the place up as a homefact he seemed to be getting a kick would you?"

stead. out of the desert, the sky, the moun- "If you mean am I fooling you,

For several miles there was silence tains, and the clouds that were com- (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1955 THE JOURNEY (Continued from preceding page) was not much of a road. I rememaction. Your memory isn't failing,

no. It's family history. Ask your ber a place where it went over naked is it?"

dad."rock. Never knew if we'd get by "On some points, maybe. Yes, on

Well, well. This would bear inwithout a broken spring or spoke, some minor points. No, I reckon it

vestigating. His sigh was a little and once I lost a rim from a back wasn't anything big or I would have

smug. "That's women for you,"he wheel. I made dry camp that night."remembered. Just little things."

remarked, wise in his knowledge after "You didn't make many trips out "It doesn't add up."

four years of married life. "But I those days, did you?""Little things can add up pretty

can't believe that about Grandmother. "Once or twice a year. Sometimes fast sometimes. She likely got fed

Why did she leave you?"Sarah went along, but mostly she had up, as you say, and moved out."

Granddad's eyes searched the skyto stay and do chores and watch the Greg was maneuvering the truck line. "That was a long time ago, place."up a grade and over a road that was

Son. I don't seem to remember.""That reminds me,"Greg was havhard on tires and engine. The grandHe sighed. ing trouble with the truck but under father smiled to himself again at the

There was a quaver in the sigh his urging it decided to keep going. way it was made to keep going until

that brought an unaccountable sting "You didn't finish telling me about they steamed to a stop at the sumto Greg's eyes. Lovable old guy, even Grandmother. How old were the mit. Greg turned the key and sat

if he was as stubborn as a mule. At kids?"back.

least he wasn't lecturing. They "Well—let's see."Greg, Senior, Earth moved back, ridge upon

went up the grade that turned out to wiped his hand across his eyes as if ridge, preening before the grandeur be not so bad when they reached it. to clear his vision. "Your dad was of farflung mountains and shadowed

An hour later they came to an interthe oldest. He had just started helpcanyons. The canyons were real now

section of four roads, each seeming to ing me with the chores—about six, and not so much snow on the peaks,

go nowhere. Greg turned the truck I'd say. All three of them she took either, since they were close enough

aside and stopped before a nondeand left me in that empty house."to spot the bare places. There were

script service station. There was nothing like the feel of occasional mirages that meant trees

"Would you like a drink of water?"an empty house. and green acres.

he asked. "But, Granddad, it doesn't make "It is good to be out of that swale

"Don't mind if I do."Greg, Sensense. As I remember Grandmother so we can see ahead."

ior, stepped stiffly from the cab and she was a very sweet, mildtempered "Yes, it's always encouraging to be swung one leg to take out the cramp. woman. I was about nineteen when able to see ahead. You handle that

Greg handed him a cup, and the she passed away. That was about truck pretty well, don't you?"hand that raised it to his lips was six years ago—"Have to. I'd never keep the thing

shaking. Greg pretended not to see. "Six years, eight months, and going if I couldn't."A sudden

He must have got a bad bruise. Next twentytwo days."thought came to him. "Are you trytime he would insist—then he re- "But—"there was a loud exploing to tell me something, Granddad?"

minded himself that there would be sion, and Greg jerked savagely at the "What about? Oh, you mean

no next time. When he crossed this wheel, but soon brought the truck to Sarah? Honestly, I don't rememroad again, it would be a oneway a stop at the side of the road. ber."

journey; that is, if Pauline could be "Whew,"he whistled, "that was close. "No, I didn't mean Sarah, but since

persuaded. I have been afraid of that tire all you have mentioned her why don't

Their stop was brief. Once again day."you come clean? You are hiding

they were on their way, and once Greg, Senior, watched the quick something. She wasn't the kind to

again the road alternated between decisive movements of his grandson's let little things get her down."

sloping up and sloping down. In hands, and he liked what he saw. "But we never had trouble over

spite of the spreading clouds the heat Too, he watched the dust spirals and big things. Now the year we had was oppressive. Several miles to the the indecisive movements of the the fire—

left a lone butte, whose top they had clouds. A good rain would do a lot "I remember about that. Dad was

seen all morning, was suddenly there to fight discouragement. about ten or eleven and went into

before them, and its steep blue slopes Once again they were on their the granary or stable or some place broke the eternal grayness. way. Greg explained in detail and for his saddle. He loves to tell about

"Used to stay there overnight,"with emphasis why he had to get by that."

Greg, Senior, said, a lilt of happy rewith such lousy equipment. It was "That's the time. The saddle was

membrance in his voice. "Water some time before his temper had about the only thing we saved. The

was piped down from the top of the cooled enough to return to their confire took everything—house, furnibutte. Cost me twobits a head to versation. ture, barns, and about fifty acres of

water my horses.""As I started to say, when this grain. Took us ten years to get an-

"How long did it take you to come thing popped, I was old enough at other house. A decent one I mean."

this far?"the time of Grandmother's death to "And how did Grandmother take

"Driving in we always stayed at have formed an opinion of her and that?"

the butte all night. Some French- I can't imagine her doing such a "Never batted an eye. Cooked in

man had a way station there. We thing. It must have been something a tent all the first summer. Then

got home the next afternoon. That plenty rough to bring such drastic (Continued on page 124)

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA There was a pious man of ancient times, who, though he was burdened during his lifetime with a load of woes and tribulations which seemed wellnigh unendurable for mortal to bear, nevertheless faithfully adhered to his belief in the ultimate good of all things.

During all the vicissitudes through which he passed, he did not blaspheme nor blame anyone but himself for the afflictions and griefs which beset him, though he could not understand why such calamities should fall upon him, who had been diligent in his duties and faithful in his prayers.

When he was stricken with a terrible malady, he did not complain that fate was against him; he accepted the fact

as a test of his faith. He did not spend his time lamenting

the unexplainable contingencies which were continually arising to thwart his endeavors. He looked upon these

occurrences as inevitable and necessary trials to endure and overcome for the strengthening of his character.

When he, the kindliest of fathers, was bereft of all his children, he did not berate God for depriving him of his loved ones. Even as he grieved for them—wondering why

such multiple miseries should be heaped upon him—he

continued to offer up his prayers, firm in the faith that eventually all of these misfortunes must, somehow, be for the best.

His steadfast convictions-—that all of his sufferings were

for the benefit of his unworthy soul—are memorably recorded in sacred script, in his conversation with three old

friends, wherein he stoutly maintains that it is because of his own ignorance that he cannot fathom the divine plans of

Jehovah; but surely those designs are right; and it is his

duty to conform to the pattern of life laid out for his eternal salvation.

There is a satisfying ending to this biblical story—for at

last the man's overflowing measure of misfortune and misery trickles out; and the days of his great trial come to an end.

Seven sturdy sons and three beautiful daughters bless his new marriage. He sees his hopes realized, and his

former wealth is restored to him. He lives to the exceeding

old age of onehundred-andforty years; and dies, prosperous, contented—the most important man in his country.

You will find that inspiring story, in its classic completeness, in the book of Job.

Counterparts of character, similar chains of circumstance recur through the centuries, as though to impress upon succeeding generations certain basic truths concerning human lives.

sorrows"—notIn his historicas timewell thereoff as wasJob, a tomoderndaybegin with—for"man heof

was born poor, homely, and of very humble parentage.

Worthy, Godfearing man that he was, he was plagued through his days with a series of heartbreaking struggles and setbacks that would have sealed the fate of an ordinary man. He was an extraordinary man, but from the first he

seemed destined to defeat.

Yet, in his darkest moments, he did not revile the powers that be for his predicament; nor censure his fellow man for

his failures.

His first lesson of how elusive success is and how bitter is the first taste of failure came to this young man at the age of twentytwo, when he invested seven years'hard

it, when his partner was savingsmidwest—andin partnershiplost everyin pennya crossroadsof country store in the

forced into bankruptcy through mismanagement and costly mistakes in merchandising.

(Continued on page 98) FEBRUARY 1955 91 "Why Advertising?"

There's no question about it. Ad- a price hike to 35 cents. The record

vertising makes a magazine more indicates that the other 20 percent of interesting, more colorful, and the readers have accepted advertising.

more attractively priced: "Canadian circulation,"Mr. Maloney

Today, after thirtythree years of continued, 'increased at a slightly publishing and adless domestic edigreater rate than US circulation durtion, Reader's Digest officials share ing the past seven years. Both

this opinion. That's why the Digest countries had practically the same dewill open its pages to a limited volume gree of penetration to start with."

'would US readers react? of advertising (32 pages) starting How

with its April issue. Here's how Mr. Maloney describes

For some years now Digest executhe research leading up to the decitives have kept close tabs on the sion:

progress of their twentynine inter- "National Research Services international editions which carry adverviewed a representative sample of tising. They have seen these editions readers in August. They left with

grow with a sparkle not associated the readers specially prepared masked with the textdominated domestic copies of the current Canadian issue edition. There has been high reader containing advertisements and the

approval of advertising around the adless US issue. Next day they reworld. And circulation of some of turned and asked the readers which

editions has these one increased slightly magazine they preferred—the distribution. faster than US at 25 cents with the advertisements

This is the pattern that helped or the other one without ads at 35

Digest officials make their decision. cents; 81 percent preferred the 25The decision was hastened along last cent magazine with advertisements.

August when it became clear that the publication faced a deficit because "At the same time Canadian Facts sought out 120 subscribers who had of the alltoo-familiar bugaboo—rising costs. DeWitt Wallace, founder moved from the US to Canada during

and owner (along with Mrs. Walthe past 12 months. Their US sublace), explains: scriptions were now being serviced

"Although the Digest's circulation with Canadian copies. While almost

is the largest in its history, over all these subscribers had no foreten million in US alone, costs have knowledge when they came to Canada reached the point where a deficit is of the differencein the two editions, faced in the magazine's operation four out of five said they preferred unless new revenue is found. the Canadian magazine at the $3.00

"Everything else has risen in price, a year rate to paying $4.00 a year for

but the Digest still sells for 25 cents the Digest without advertising.

as it did 33 years ago. It contained "Another group of longtime Canoriginally about onethird as many adian readers was then interviewed in

pages as at present. four cities across Canada. They were

"A poll of readers indicated an asked, 'Would you rather pay 35 overwhelming preference for the incents a copy for the Reader's Digest, clusion of advertising rather than an or would you prefer the Digest to increase in the price of the magacontinue with ads in it at 25 cents a zine."copy?'The answers came back 78.6

The Digest research director, John percent in favor of ads at the 25cent

F. Maloney, told Printers'Ink the price."

poll was made because the editors Mr. Maloney emphasized to Printwere concerned about how the readers ers'Ink that the Digest's successful

might react. Seven years ago the experience in its twentyheight other

Digest was faced with the same deforeign editions indicates high reader cision in Canada. approval. All but one of these ediMr. Maloney said a personalinter- tions carried advertising from the

from *Taken an article, "why Is Digest Taking view,. surveyi by, Canadian.1 1, Facts at start. The British edition carried no Ads,"The

Printers'ink, November 12, that time showed that eighty percent ads from 1938 till April 1950. Since

1954. Used by permission. Qf magft advertising got under way in Great wQuld prefer

zine with ads at its regular price Britain, circulation has climbed from (25 cents) rather than no ads and 370,000 to 1,050,000.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Days when Mother Taylor was fretful and sorry for herself, missing her husband, berating her widowed state. Days that tried your patience

to the breaking point, when you knew your motherin-law wasn't the sweet, oldfashioned person you usually thought her.

And you thought of airconditioned movies and dances on roof gardens and swimming at the beach and most of all, nice, fat, reliable pay checks!

It was hard to make money on a small farm—hard for Jack, at any

rate. He wasn't cut out to be a

city farmer—he'd fitted too well into

life her life!

She turned on the radio now, and the music lifted her spirits a little next Christmas maybe they could get a TV set. She saw Jack at the barn

working on a torn saddle strap. Impulsively, she pulled off her apron

and ran out to the barn.

Jack, Jack, she wanted to cry, take

is gone, and late—beforeme away fromall ourherelovebefore it's too

we're old and cross like your mom!

"Hi!""Hi, yourself—what've you been

doing?""Making pies. Jack—do you ever

get lonesome, oh, not for people exactly—for things?"

He grinned at her indulgently.

"What kind of things?"

"Oh, I don't know—silly hats, a new frilly blouse—

She saw Jack at the barn working on a torn saddle strap. He laughed. "Hardly—I'd look

pretty silly in a blouse—don't you

think?"She laughed, too, a bit ruefully.

"Oh, you know what I mean."

I know. And I been thinkSomeone to JCean on> "Sure, ing, too—we'll have a couple of days

by Irma F. Schaefer in town soon. Mrs. Cary can stay with Mom—do us both good, a kind

of second honeymoon."

not kidding—wanting yet refuse, afraid she would pies "Darling—you're cherry the just taken had it?"were Trips to town mean youJanet her. all, especially please to them the sound of oven the when out real affairs, no hurried such usually and back his hand squeezed She'd wail long, mournful The came.

all. at fun said, "Whateyes his and into smiled junction. She at the trainof the down her. kissed to her and him drew He is me."all right with decide ever you it but when anymore,rarely heard

of honor.""Word it. meant married, And had newly Jack, andshe

come here, it had mocked her. "You're sure?"Already the relief

Jack had come to her one day only was beginning to soften the tenseness week later they were on their wayfour months after their wedding and in his face. A back to the farm. Janet had

taken her hand in his and squeezed "Sure."on a new flannel suit, gray, with a

it and said, "Honey, Dad's after me After three years you grow acpink blouse and a frivolous pink hat.

things. UnHer cheeks were pink, too, and heragain to take over the farm—I've got customed to many

to tell him one way or the other tomodern, highceilinged, drafty rooms, eyes sort of danced.

day. Doc says the next attack will cold mornings when snow isolated Jack kept casting anxious glancestake him, sure."you, hot mornings when heat sapped at her. She was too gay—it wasn't

His blue eyes had been anxiousyour strength and all of them when natural.

worried about his father and mother, there were a million chores to do. (Concluded on page 111)

FEBRUARY 1955 93 Map of Arizona, showing the location of Woodruff.

Damming the Little Colorado

by Ruth Savage Hilton

no, for in very deed our childhood just found while on a reconnoitering of flume The washout river. trip determinaup the one with the obsessed number three was

1918. during

piece discovered a site with special have that of reclaiming "We tion since the late Ammon Tenney of the great southwest, "that it might most marvelous possibilities,"BrotherEver discovered the picturesque little blossom as the rose."Tenney declared, "a real little Eden."

valley of Woodruff on the banks It was in the early spring of that The townsite thus referred to is a of the Little Colorado in Arizona in eventful year when Ammon Tenney, small valley which nestles at the base 1876, that particular place has been an LDS scout of pioneer days in of a huge volcanic neck known as in a constant stage of pioneering. Arizona, came riding into Sunset* to the "Butte."This mass of black rock

tell with enthusiasm of the wonderful makes a conicalshaped mountainWill it always be so?—is the common

question. location for a settlement which he had rising about four hundred feet from

The ordinary observer would un- *Sunset was located very near to the present site the valley floor. Two smaller buttes,

doubtedly answer yes. However, if ofof Winslow.colonizers whoLot Smithmade wasthe captaincamp. ofTheythe immegroup forming the basin for a clear, small

into was themselves what its known organized side diately while eastern lake, bound childfrom one whose replythe came to according Young's Brigham Order,"as the "United skirts the River years, Little for seven with Colorado the lasted order instructions. This valley, in the spent been hadhood sustained bishop. as was Lot Smith Savage Levi M. point line. the At entire western Zion. of Stake Little of sigh, Colorado the president as but a smothered hear mightwe

settlefour of new composed some stake was The swirling river this a makes where sure clear a and be Sunset. reply including wouldthe ments

Flume number one as it appeared in 1917.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Many a pleasant day was spent fishing below the old dam.

crook and passes from rocky canyon the ferocious river. This flood cardetermination written on every face

walls to high, concave banks of red ried that first dam away as if it were as all eatables and grain were stored clay was the most wonderful dam site a single log. in the second story of granaries. Our

that anyone could possibly ask for, This catastrophe changed the river rugs, furniture, and the like were according to the pioneer, Brother bed, leaving the dam site widened raised, onto boxes. Then at last the

Tenney. and enlarged many times. Then beyoungsters, bedding, and provisions

The old scout declared with animagan that long struggle with rain, were loaded into the old farm wagon, tion, a bit of brush and wind, and rock which makes the and away to the hills. Still it rained "Why—just

a few scrapers of dirt placed at that history of Woodruff. I was about more and more.

sharp in the bend twelve years old told they when me river—about Morning showed a rather dampof mile south the of rock, that the timber, mass and Butte—and onethe ened community camping the on

is thing done."earth served which as our was dam heights. gloriThe sun came out

The inhabitants of Sunset were the thirteenth one put at or near ously. We children laughed. The

among those called by President that particular site by a mere handmen and women looked grave. Water

Brigham Young to what was known ful of people who must wrest their was running down the narrow, beaten as the Arizona Mission. Their speliving from the soil as they struggled streets. Cellars were full of the redcific assignment was to colonize the with irrigation's problems. At no dish flood. Then came the reeking,

Little Colorado district. To the end time did our population exceed twenty swaying crash; the dam gave way.

that this task might be accomplished families, and there was no federal Everyone, young and old, stood on became the life of these pioneers. It aid for reclamation projects in those the river bank watching slide after

represented their hope, their faith, days. This thirteenth dam had slide our dam washed downstream by

the future of their children. Hence withstood so many floods and had angry waters. Great rock boulders

previous cost so any more than little it required much very persuasion to rolled, lunged, sank. and The mass

feeling I recall a that having one, induce about families a dozen to move of logs fastened together which we up the river to Ammon Tenney's new of its stability which sensation no called the "apron"was tossed aside project. Cedars were cut from the doubt was reflected from the adult as a plaything. The waters receded

surrounding hills and dragged to the folk of our town. from town to the now deepened river

river, dirt pulled in by the scraper However, the crash had only been bed. That night we slept in the good

method, and by fall late June water was postponed. very That a rider, old rock house—at home.

soil. the fertileon dusty, hurriedly breathless and came Undaunted, the assembled cominto listened as he warned proved town. We This dam to be only the vowed to rebuild quickly and parents our danger. of imminentbeginning. The munity thrifty, These Godfear-

ever before. "We areing pioneers were entirely unacLyman Reservoir—located above us stronger than

going to build of solid rock and conquainted with the treacherous, turbuon the same river—swollen for days

lent, stream which they presumed to beyond capacity, had broken. Shrilly crete,"I heard my father say; howharness. The rains came in early he cried, frightening us most to death, ever, no rock bottom could be found

August changing their clear, small "It isn't a flood that's a comin'—it's to tie to, hence a huge rock pier was

stream into a raging torrent of redan ocean."built on each side of the stream

dish billows. The Zuni Wash joined That night with its blackness and proper. The men blasted out the ledge

both Showlow and Silver creeks, and drenching rain will never be forgotto make a rock floor for them to stand all combined to swell the waters of ten. It is easy still to vision the grim (Concluded on page 98)

FEBRUARY 1955 Genealogy

To fl%Msy'ty't.tastsees of the Peace for the Cmmiy PMlm EARLY

m RECORDS 4(i liewbi certify

SP* in L V. w* ENGLAND

4&<tfc4. to the ssM *%> by Stanley Kimball

WMWtHwdg ji fortiiwkk to! isJ s&

!>!'! 'ileligksuss Worship of or satsoa by sws AmlV Co which they continued to do as long as we

Protestant Dtsseoterss, rfilie lksoamiiti 0I < stayed in that land.

and sX do horebj request y to register mi r&eor l:fa mmt

according to tlw rsromioM f mi Act fsswed in the Wstrj Year tf tie The same source also informs us

Reigtiof Ilts late Majesty Kisg Oorge the TII, iatitaled "Ar Act to that Arthur Burrows became a close repeal certain Acts relating to Rdigiow8 Worship ami friend of William Clayton, the author parsons tocbysg or pmsdawg therein,"of "Come, Come Ye Saints"and was hereby reqyest a Certificate, thereof. ordained a deacon in the Preston

Branch. (Page 197.)

Preston, England, was the first place, outside of the USA and Canada, to hear the restored gospel. In

June of 1837 my greatgrandfather,

Heber C. Kimball, was called by the

Prophet Joseph Smith to go to Great

Britain with the gospel. Grandfather

and six others docked at Liverpool,

England. In compliance with "the

direction of the Spirit"they took coach to Preston—thirty miles to the

north. The following Sabbath, July

23, 1837, ten years and a day before the Pioneers entered the Salt Lake

Valley, Heber C. Kimball preached

the first sermon of the restored gospel outside of North America.

hat may prove to be the Majesty King George the Third, intituled The rapid growth of the Church oldest document pertain- [sic] "An Act to repeal certain Acts relating necessitated the engagement of a large for meetings. They seing to the restored gostopersonsReligiousteachingWorshipor preachingand Assemblies,therein."and regular place

pel in Europe and And I hereby request a Certificate therecured the "Cock Pit"mentioned in certainly one of the of. the above document. As its name

earliest records referring to the Church Witness my hand, this fourth day of indicates, it was generally used for in the latter days came to light in January in the Year of our Lord 1838 sports. The first meeting was held

the following manner: Witness there Sunday, September 3, 1837, and

While working as a missionary in Proctor Walker Arthur Burrows this building w7as used at least until

Preston, Lancashire County, England, One of the Trustees of the April conference of 1840. At this

I had access to the Lancashire County said Chapel or Building session the majority of the Twelve

Record office and was able to unearth Research regarding Arthur Burrows Apostles met in general conference in this document among the court rechas not yielded much. As the docuthis building.

ords of Her Majesty's (Queen VicThe date of the above document is ment reads, he was a shopkeeper in toria) Justices of the Peace. It reads Preston, England, and one of the less than six months from the date

as follows: trustees of our chapel. On page 159 that the missionaries docked at LiverTo Her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for in The Life of Heber C. Kimhall by pool (July 20, 1837). Heber C. Kimthe County Palatine of Lancaster. I Arthur Orson F. Whitney, 1945 edition, we ball's Journal, the chief record for

of first nine months the Church find this mention: the

earlier hints docuin England,Burrowskeeper—doof Prestonhereby incertifythe saidthat countya Buildingshopof no

situated at the bottom of Graystock Yard and The effect of the gospel of Jesus Christ ments pertaining to the Church save to only not in be apparent, the began the now the byknown Cock name Pit—in lihis license to preach. This own believers, in the hearts of but likewise hearts saidsaid forthCounty, which of theBuilding—is

cense 1837, taken out October 28, was of in rejected those meetings to it. Our of who place Religious be as a usedwith Worship by an Assembly or Congregation of Preston being disturbed by the Methodist but the Church is not mentioned at

Protestant Dissenters, of the Denomination ministers, we got our hall licensed and two all. It is not without good evidence

I regentlemen Joseph Brown and namedof Latterday do hereby Saints and Arthur that the first document pertaining to proffered policemen, were record Burrows, whoquest and the same you to register according to the provisions of an Act passed their services to preserve the peace and the Church in England and Europe, in the 52nd Year of the Reign of His late protect us from any further disturbance; we believe, has been found.

96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ore of Your Fuel Dollars M ecome PROFIT DOLLARS

WITH THE

IT'S a brandnew, valuepacked John starting engine. A single lever controls the Diesel will put you on top of your job and

Deere Tractor that promises you greater entire starting cycle. Three heavyduty save you money every step of the way.

profit en every job—with husky 4-5 plow bearings add strength and rigidity to the

power, rowcrop tractor utility, the rocksturdily built, forged steel crankshaft...

bottom maintenance costs of exclusive ample strength to withstand the highJohn Deere twocylinder design... and pressures found in Diesel engines. JOHN DEERE MOLINE, ILLINOISmost important, fuel economy that is out'Truly, the new "70"is a born leader

standing even for a Diesel! among Diesels. It will help you widen the

The new "70"Diesel is available with profit spread between farm prices andall the timeand laborsaving features of operating costs. Make a date now with your ZE*Hrafure

the regular '70,"including Power SteerJohn Deere dealer to drive this new tractor.

"live"PowrTrol, "live"power shaft, Trying, Moline, III. Depf. ESO

You'll hitch.and 3-point its agree—apower...Johnits betterDeereworkModelfeatures."70"JOHN DEERE

Please send me full information on mystery There's no to this AVAILABLE WITH theDieselhewRowCropJohn Tractor.Deere Model "70"It's twocylinderDiesel. a

tractor with practically halfName-asmany, twiceas-husky rowerSfeer/nff

R. R—-Box assurengine parts—your or> "first"Deere John It's another

of longer, lowercostance Towntractors. can tell one rowcrop No

service. this can feature alone

You'll exState- to havein cold weather—thanksStarting is easy, evento a youmeanhowto muchyou.

new John Deere auxiliary perience it for yourself.

FEBRUARY 1955 97 DAMMING THE LITTLE COLORADO (Concluded from page 95) of people already reduced to bare called her home, in June 1916, and on. The dam itself was dovetailed living it seemed a gigantic task; howsoon that bit of lawn had perished.

into these piers. ever, work began, and Community At last—the great day in 1918

That entire winter saw every man Day was celebrated at the new dam water was in town again! The long

and boy of our little town on the site. We children played hideand- years were over. We had grown

job. We youngsters rathered enjoyed seek among the rocks. Men looked from boys and girls to men and

it. When school was out, we would grave and tired. Some of the women women. Our schooling had suffered,

run to the dam. Sunday afternoons sang while others wept. Then the more or less, but our faith in life, in

we would walk to the dam. Moonentire group joined in united hymns persistent endeavor, in the virtue of

light nights we held parties on its and prayers—and the work started hope, in the glory of the future was

rock quarries, and had "Hard Time off with the first blast as giant sticks immeasurably heightened. We were

Dances."Thus we grew to know of powder were exploded at the rock married; many of us had moved to

much of the handling and working of quarry. distant parts; but all heard the news

rock derricks, cables, and pulleys, The men chiseled the great ditch and joined in the glad "Hurrah!"

giant powder and blasting, as well as through solid rock after the dam was or was it a shout of "Hosanna"?

the use of Portland cement. completed. Then when they met the "A stable water supply was availSpring came; the dam was not canyon walls, two siphons were laid able for Woodruff."

completed, but far enough along that beneath the river, while in other "Does it pay, such persistence?"I

is to pointeveryone felt reasonably safe. In an places great flumes were strapped to hear you ask. My answer

ordinary river it might have been, canyon walls that the precious stream to the beautiful, contented old age but not in the Little Colorado. The might be guarded and guided on its which came to my father, Levi M.

melting snows of early May came precarious way from dam to town. Savage. He lived to enjoy his eightydown the mountainsides in splashing, Some days nine ablebodied men, fifth year, still straight and swift of

gnashing glee. They dug under our assisted by a few boys, would comprise movement, exemplifying that type of

dam and tumbled it away. It was the working force. Another day man that has ever pioneered our great

Sunday morning. The entire comthere might be fourteen or even fifWest. For almost thirty years he was

munity stood on the bank gazing at teen; and on still another day, no one bishop of Woodruff. His release came

the great new gap in the river. Both would be there, for the settler must shortly after the Big Ditch was comrock piers stood alone, erect, and unfind the wherewithal to feed and pleted.

impaired, as if to remind us of what clothe the familvJ from somewhere He makes one of the most glorious had been. There was little said, no while his valley home waited for pictures of my memory as I recall the

call for noise; silent tears slid down water to make it "blossom as the last year of his life—full of hope,

more than one swarthy face. rose. joyous as youth knows how to be, and

The townspeople were now thorOften the weary worker lingered to ever whistling as he milked his cows oughly discouraged, but any thought fish that he might literally take home or went his nightly round, lantern of giving up the project was never his supper. And if the day chanced in hand, to make sure that all was

voiced. The fact is, many grimly set to afford a long summer twilight, he well on the premises.

their lips and said, "I reckon it'll might meet his wife and the children, Ask him that question, "Does it prove a blessin'."his friends with their wives and chilpay?"and he would surely answer,

When and how to rebuild became dren, at the old "Fishin'Hole"where "Pshaw, folks, it doesn't matter so what you do or where you live, picnic supper be served and much would everthe constant question. Many

it."you do it's how his laughfaith be renewed, would went the his to obtain off for workmen

ordinary necessities. So time dragged ter become sweeter, and his friendon, and it was some fifteen months ships stronger.

before any new plans were matured. It required six years to complete Turning Tides

These plans called for a solid rock this last project. The first year we (Continued from page 91)

and concrete dam four miles above the hauled water in barrels to our trees, A second partnership, entered into old one. Even here, rock bottom then one by one this was given up. after two years'struggle to accumulate

was out of the question, but the LitFirst the shade trees (poplars), then another stake, was more disastrous tle Colorado could be left out; in fact vineyards and shrubs, lastly the fruit than his first illstarred venture. His

the only way to succeed was to let it trees became dry. Finally there reintemperate new partner frittered

go its unconquered way, carrying mained but one green spot in the enaway the profits in a short time, away the heartaches and backbreaktire valley, a small portion of our own plunging them both into a deep pool ing tasks of many years. Yes, we front lawn. Nothing could induce of indebtedness.

would dam the river by damming its my mother to give up this loved spot. Seeking to keep afloat, the partners,

tributary, the Silver Creek, whose She would line us—the little chilin desperation agreed to sell out, andjunction was more than four miles dren—up in a sort of bucket parade accepted terms from a purchaser,

above the old dam. from barrel to lawn. Here daily we whose unscrupulous dealings entirely

To get water from Silver Creek passed the priceless liquid from hand finished them.

would necessitate the construction of to hand that this precious bit of verThe purchaser failed to make his a Big Ditch the entire four miles, most dure might not choke to death. payment at the year's end, sold the

of the way through solid rock. It Mother's effort seems almost heroic entire stock of goods, took the receipts,

was possible, but to a mere handful now as I recall that the grim reaper (Concluded on page 100) 98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

KSL Radio PRESENT

Maurice Abravanel and the Utah Symphony Orchestra

. Each Tuesday Night.

8:30-9:30

FEBRUARY 1955 99 Turning Tides

{Concluded from page 98) BSHEBMT WHW$ and vanished. Shortly afterward, the

partner died, leaving the young man saddled with the debts of both.

Now, his savings swept away a sectime, facing obligations that (Ojurcl) ond %ws seemed insurmountable, the young man could only grit his teeth and, through many miserable years, slave for needed cent not every save Weekly Report to You and the liquidating survival toward actual

Church Activities Throughout the World debt—for he refused to go into bankruptcy. He was thirtynine years old

Every LDS home should have this instructive reading on all when he had paid off the last dollar phases of the Church. Every week it brings you official instrucof that indebtedness.

tion from the general authorities, conference reports, welfare activities, inspirational editorial messages and news from all of Through it all friends remembered the wards, branches and auxiliaries throughout the world. The this fine principled "failure,"and,

Presiding Bishopric's Page gives important reports for officers. hoping to turn his true talents and

Bring the "Church News"and its influence into your home. unquestioned integrity to purpose,

Mail the coupon below now for information. secured his election to Congress. But

his two short sessions there were not satisfactory. His constituents did not "Cljurcl) %ws"return him to office.

143 South Main St. Salt Lake City T, Utah Those determined to help him were

Please send me subscription information on the instrumental, nine years later, in "Church News."

placing him directly in line for nomiName nation to the United States Senate.

Address His victory was conceded—-but at the

City State last moment a party split forced him to yield to a friendly opponent.

In a second attempt to gain the senatorship, two years later, he fell ignobly under the suave assault of

Oxthe years, candibelittled the lanky, illclad hrough who the to has responded the NEWEST Tford his opponent, a silvertongued orator defeat. into overwhelming date

needs of Scofield Bible users Admittedly now, he was a politiby creating new styles—the cal outcast, a total failure at fifty

Pocket edition, the Looseleaf edition, inexpensive years of age, who, in thirty unrewardstudy editions, and the finest ing years had been unable to gain

Morocco and Sealskin gift a lasting personal victory.

editions. Now, for those who Or had the cumulative outflow of REFERENCE seek a truly fine edition at a the years of his hapless life been

moderate price, Oxford has building up for one tremendous sweep'RIRLE created the newest Scofield back to the shores of success?

ediConcordance—a

History answers the question. a truly fine edition / Bibletion that offers the quality

at a moderate price features of a leather lined Two years after that last and disbinding, Ultrathin Oxford astrous defeat, this man of many failIndia paper, and a decoraures came into his right—elected by

tive gold roll, all in a modhis countrymen to the highest office erately priced Bible availPresident the bestow—as able in both Handy was States. His name and oftheythecouldUnited

sizes. Large

Abraham Lincoln.

T58X French Morocco, limp, It matters not if the man be rich leather lined, round corners, or poor, of noble birth or lowly; if

edges, gold gold roll, Family size $15.00 the fundamental virtues of faith, hope,, Record, Handy

charity, and love are earnestly prac178X As above, Large size of the multised by him—regardless $17.50 him misuse misfortunes that of titude

At your booksellers—he will sometime see a turning

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS, Inc. tide in the turbulent flow of life

1 14 Fifth Avenue, New York 1 which will carry him on to final 1 L triumph.

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

He helps teachers in 54,000 classrooms

Radio was barely out of the earphone stage 26 years ago when a new program was beamed from a San Francisco studio. It featured a string trio and was based on the idea

that good music, when clearly understood, could entertain and teach, too. Actually, only 72 Western schools had radio

sets then, but with that performance the Standard School

Broadcast was "on the air."

Today, when Conductor Carmen Dragon lifts his baton, plied to teachers by Standard to serve as a guide in it's "time for the Standard School Broadcast"in over blending musicenjoyment with subjects like art, litera54,000 classrooms through the West, Alaska and Hawaii. ture, social studies. Now in its 27th year, the Standard

Counting children, teachers and home listeners, the proSchool Broadcast is radio's oldest education program, gram reaches a weekly audience of nearly 1% million. heard today over more than 100 stations. Its goal is to

That string trio has grown to a symphonic orchestra help Western children gain an absorbing new interest in with a dramatic cast, choral group and guest vocal and the world's good music, and—through music—a broader

instrumental artists. Selections range the musical alphaknowledge and understanding of the world around them.

bet from symphony to jazz. Each year's course follows Listen to the Standard School Broadcast every Thursday.

a carefully planned outline published in a manual supCheck your newspaper radio log for the time and station.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

FEBRUARY 1955 101..

THESE TIMES

(Concluded from page 67) condition for "coexistence"is the same among these are life, liberty, and the as the basic condition for existence. It

pursuit of happiness."is faith. Faith has to be stronger than

provide a rare combination If there is such a better creed, its fear or love of peace, and lead to intelliformulation is the need of the hour. gent action.

HIGH quality fundamentalUnless politicalreligiousfaith expressesstrength,ourwe deep,may hoped"Nowfor,faiththeis evidencethe substanceof thingsof thingsnot well lack conviction and either show seen.

hysteria, prove to be fearful, or relax in- "For by it the elders obtained a good to "piecemeal conquest."The basic report."(Hebrews 11:1-2.)

X9xX2s3\3\?>03\9v>>5<i?

em i$ toLnow..

Richard L. Evans

at cost TV/Tore and more plants, offices, T\espite the misuse men have made of many things, the aV-|- schools, restaurants and hospitals are cutting towel waste and towel costs -* past century or so has been one of profound unfoldment

TurnTowls. with Mosinee Quality proof truth. The mind of man has been permitted by the highabsorbent duced, TurnTowls

cost less because one sheet, instead of Almighty to penetrate what to us have heretofore been unmany, dries soakingwet hands. Turnknown realms. And because we have learned a little of

button"with Towl dispenser, "push control, it will has proved cut towel what happens, and a little of why, we may make the mistake consumption in half. of supposing that we know much more than we know.

BAY WEST PAPER CO. Having learned a little of the laws of nature, having learned

1124 West Mason Street a little of the infinite forces of the universe, we would well

BAY, GREEN WISCONSIN remember always that we are but the discoverers, we are but of Mosinee Paper Mi'.ls Co. A Division

the users, and not the creators of all that we consider to be ours. We may, for example, prescribe specific remedies,

but the actual healing process is in hands higher than ours.

We may plow and plant and nourish, but the growing process is in hands higher than ours—and the ultimate answers are still beyond us. Actually it would seem that we

are little better able, if at all, to answer some of the compelling questions that the Lord God asked of Job so many centuries ago, when he spake to him out of the whirlwind and said:

"Where wast thou when I laid the foundations of the earth?

declare, if thou hast understanding.... When the morning

Enjoy stars sang together, and all the sons of God shouted for finer flavor and greater joy?... Hast thou entered into the springs of the sea?

nutrition of... Have the gates of death been opened unto thee?... Hast

whole wheat. thou perceived the breadth of the earth? declare if thou. grain

freshly ground! knowest it all.... Who hath put wisdom in the inward

parts? or who hath given understanding to the heart?...

is every food element. Everincreasing.. for his the food? the raven Gavest provideth thou Who retained! TOWRITE

in popularity for prices—FREE... give peacocks? the the thou goodly Hast unto wings that knows Everyone

I facts DAYrecipes—food cereal other bread and

... fly thy the strength? horse wisdom, by and Doth hawk with foods whole made

freshly grain ground... FLOUR the eagle the stretch south? her toward wings Doth mount SPECIALOFFER—

is tastier richer far and for intro- 1 Send coupon in healthgiving nutriat greater our knowledge the thy more The command?"up of 5-lb. offer ductory

it's ments. the And—pkg., Deaf Smith wheat is little all of realize there to must know; know wise how where we somewe home flour, richAmerica's

it. is thing about done in est elements, food all faith in greater the the our be should "unseen"and select or Wis. -Minn., efficient, the Rapid—flour stone wheat realities, humility the before Electric greater our holds Household Lee and him who ground it's the—day reduces FlourMill whole

shipped. all else in his hands.* us and fluffy for flour grain to

penny fraction of a a CO. ENGINEERING all, LEE of pound. a

Milwaukee 3, Wis. it's STONE BestGROUND—

LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, Dept., O.G. Jke Spohen Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

2023 W. Wisconsin Ave., Milwaukee 3, Wis. PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

DEAF SMITH FLOUR, 5-lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.50 SYSTEM, DECEMBER 5, 1954

WIS. -MINN. FLOUR, 5- lb. pkg. Postpaid. Only $1.00 Copyright, 1954

Name Mob"Revised.38:4, 7, 16, 17, 18, 36, 41; 39:13, 19, 26, 27.

Street

City State THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 102 Progress Report

Your Gas Company, continuing its accelerated program during 1954, brought natural gas to approximately 11,000 additional resident customers. This increased the total customers we serve as of January 1,

1955 to about 115,000.

Entering its twentysixth year, Mountain Fuel Supply Company is steadily increasing its scope of operation in the intermountain west.

Acceleration is occurring all along the line—in exploration, in

number of wells drilled, in new construction, in increased taxes and payroll, all of which is contributing toward community and state advancement.

Ours is a longrange program, the everincreasing objective of which is to continue to meet the needs of the area we serve.

The Company's proved gas reserves are more than five times as great as the gas reserves in 1929 although since that time, the number of customers has increased more than six times. In 1929,

customers served totaled approximately 18,000 as compared with today's total of 115,000. All residence requirements in the area

have been met and in addition, the Company has supplied substantial amounts of gas to industrial users and others.

In this fastgrowing area our constant aim is to fully satisfy all demands for our service as soon as possible.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

Serving 53 Utah and Wyoming Communities

FEBRUARY 1955 103.

WHY A BREAKFAST OF CONTROLLING THE PAST

(Continued from page 87) the Notes, that a Judicious Reader

The zealous Thomas Comber finds will soon perceive these Venerable that in the official editions of the Records... do not favor them. But

Councils as in Baronius "there is these Corruptions are carried on with such adding and expunging, such such Confidence and Cunning, that altering and disguising things in the an unexperienced and unwary StuBody of the Councils, and such exdent, may be imposed on by this

PROVIDES LASTING ENERGY cusing, falsifying, and shuffling in (Continued on page 106)

FOR ACTIVE BODIES! y'

Jke faith wlthiin u5..

Richard L. Evans

jl/fAY we look further for a moment at a conclusion already -1 arrived at: that every man has more faith within himself than he sometimes supposes—not only faith in tangible

and touchable factors and forces, but faith also in the unseen, untouchable intangibles, and in the eternal future. It was

meant that men should live in part by faith; and even the

cynic has more faith than he himself sometimes supposes.

One evidence of our faith is that all of us do some planning, for the future. We do not, not any of us, do all our living

altogether in the present or the past; and any thought for the

NO COAXING WITH FLAVORFUL futureis the carriesinherentwithawarenessit an elementwithinofusfaith.of ourAnotherown enduringevidence

CARNATION INSTANT WHEAT! identity, of the perpetuation of personality by which we are

Here's a tempting and hearty breakfast and always shall be distinguishable from all others. The

dish that's just active for youngmade evidence is within and all around cannot imagine us: We

allsters as it—rich is with the natural as ourselves being nothing. imagine ourselves We cannot

valueswhole as wheat of thiamine, niacin, being anything ourselves. except All the yearnings have, we iron!phosphorus and

all the awareness within, all the reason, law, and order—

doesNot only Carnation Instant new intelligence, our talents, personality, all the and provide extra asWheat the energy day intimations of immortality within give evidence, asus—allcharacter, thewears on—but rich goodness of surance, certainty, of the eternal plan of purpose and Himgenuine Northwest is premium wheat

wonderful for tempting sleepy morning who made us in his image. And this faith inborn within

appetites! us was placed there for a purpose: to help to give us an

YOU'LL LIKE the way Carnation Instant awareness of whence we came, and why we're here, and

Wheat saves you time, too—for part of what we can become. And all the unessential things with

the cooking has been done for you! So which we sometimes so much load our lives, the fineries

start with a temptingly different breakand fashions, the elaborate equipment of comfort and confast—tomorrow! venience, the many things which most men have never

known, could all be missing, and still life would be meaningful beyond measure because the things that matter most, our lives, our loved ones, continue always and forever. It is

is faith in fact, which of "the substance things hoped IN this COOKS for, the evidence of things seen"; not faith 1 it is this susthat HO TIME"

tains us in our failures and frustrations, in discouragement, in sorrow and sickness; it is this faith that assures us of the nation love and wisdom and fairness and justice of a loving Father,

whose purpose is to bring to pass our happiness and peace MSTAHT

WHSAT toandwaiteverlastingfor the progress.ultimate, Itunseenis this answers.faith that givesThankus patienceGod for

faith which grows to greater faith, for faith by which men can and do endure in faithfulness and faith.

Jke Spoken, i/l/ora from temple SQUARE

PARENTS)l MAGAZINE PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, DECEMBER 12, 1954 Copyright, 1954

Milk i Same famous family as Carnation Milk 1Hebrews 11:1.

104 THE IMPROVEMENT'ERA ENJOY THIS

What a wonderful way to view the everchanging scenic beauty of the romantic West—in a restful, luxurious Union Pacific

Domeliner! AstraDome Coaches are on the rails now—and soon,

AstraDome Diners and Observation Lounge cars... the very latest,

very finest, in modern design with smart, colorful decor and appointments. Union Pacific is the only railroad to provide dometype dining cars.

All Union Pacific Dome cars will have double air conditioning whenever required. The Coach divantype seats are placed at an

angle so that all occupants will have a clear outside view. The

"downstairs"Coach seats have adjustable type head rests, another

Union Pacific innovation, in addition to full length leg rests.

As to other conveniences, furnishings and decorations—they're

really terrific. All add up to greater travel comfort, luxury and

enjoyment for you.

Better start planning your next train trip now. For the finest

in rail travel, ride the "U.P."Domeliners—"City of Portland,"

"City of Los Angeles"and "The Challenger."And,

there's No Extra Fare on Union Pacific. Ask about

the Family Travel Plan, too—it can save you money!

a for full information, reservations and tickets, contact

R. T. Griffin, General Agent, Passenger Department,

City Ticket Office, Hotel Utah Building, Salt Lake City,

Phone 3-1544—or your nearest Union Pacific ticket agent.

UNIO PACIFIC RAILROAD 1955FEBRUARY Controlling the Past

(Continued from page 104) Your Church University specious show of Venerable Antiquity."27

Now in such matters the general public shows no inclination to be either experienced or wary; even so,

any faint stirrings of a critical spirit have been anticipated and forestalled by ample professional restrictions and taboos. On the whole the controlling

of the past with the most reliable of all human traits, mental inertia, as its chief ally has been a strangely easy business. There is, as we have

pointed out elsewhere, no such thing as a clever forgery—and there does

not need to be, for while no forgery can succeed without public approval,

Is As Close no forgery (as the clumsy Piltdown hoax has proved) can fail if it has approval public approval. that And As Your Mailbox ignoas the mass is as sure a thing

Yes, you can take college work right in rance and laziness that guarantee it.

your home. Brigham Young University's A famous letter written by InnoHome Study Bureau offers more than 225 cent I of Rome to the Bishop of Gubcourses by mail, each one carrying full Unibio in 416 provides a commentary

versity credit, from Accounting to Zoology, on this theme, which is all the more including L.D.S. religious courses. Enroll enlightening for being unintentional.

NOW. Clip and mail this coupon. The pope is deploring the fact that

the church of Gubbio (actually within the metropolitan authority of

Mail To Rome) observes different rites for

BUREAU OF HOME STUDY the mass from those found at Rome:

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY "Where everyone feels free to obPROVO, UTAH serve not what comes by tradition,

Name but whatever seems good to him,"

Street writes the Bishop of Rome, "we see

City & State established observances and ways of

Please cost without send me Brigham Young Univercelebrating of diverse nature, dependsity's Bureau catalog. Study of Home

ing on the location of the churches.

The result is a scandal for the people

Brigham Young University who,have notbeenknowingaltered thatby thehumantraditionsprethe either that think PROVO, UTAH sumption, with agreement not in Churches are each other, or that the Apostles established contradictory things."28

Whatever usage they find, the peoFrench Style Skillets ple naturally attribute to the AposSensationally Different inthey not Why not?—are Superbly Styled tles.structed they to do can so? How

Warp Resistant be expected to know "that the ancient Super Durable traditions have been altered by huEfficient Incorporate man presumption"? On the ignoon any every feature rance and complacency of the general

type range. homemakers

desire. public the religious innovator can Save on fuel.

always rely. Sometimes, however, the

public itself forces the scholars to go simplify corners rounded Gently flavors, the waterless food prepare way.stirring,Availableremoval inof 4contentssizes—and7 tocleaning;1 1 inchsealwithin polisheddelicate farther than they want to. This is

covers. aluminum or anodized bright coppercolored aluminum Reasonably priced. especially so in the case of church or write: Ask your local dealer

mediate and definite answers is conREGAL2511 East 3080 WARE,South, Salt Lake City,INC.Utah history, where the demand for imstant and pressing. What is the poor

106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

researcher to do? "The sources were

very scarce and fragmentary,"writes

Linton of the great days of "scientific"scholarship in the field, "in order.to derive any definite information at ChopsAnyCrop

all from them, it was necessary to interpret these sources and to fill

.. out. very nature thethem. From generally farmers matter you go, where

readof passages were the the thing of running the Case the light on comment 29 America's No public eyes."with The modern Harvester. Forage

could only be satisfied at the price There's M. M. Doon, Jr. of Iowa who

of controlling the past. Lightest says "Case has lighter draft than any other

b. Censorship: But forgery is a machine."Florry Harrington, Idaho,

risky business. Much more safe and points out *'It is light running and accessidignified, and equally effective, is ble."Caspar Danto, Wisconsin, states "It's Running got everything I need... I start in secondthe office of the censor. When the

Septuagint was accepted by the Jews gear wide open, and my tractor doesn't have officialas Testathe text of the Old Forage to And—here'swork at all."what makes Case so light it to been have was declaredment

efficient knife wheel lowspeed

... partsrevealed from heaven, and all comrunning—an... oilbath gears few movingpeting texts were officially destroyed. Harvester and antifriction bearings....

But later when "the Hebrew text was fixed again from old manuscripts rescued from the temple of Jerusalem,"the Septuagint was found to...with today's widest

disagree with this miraculous discovery and accordingly "was de- 1 choice of attachments clared to be the work of Satan."So n

carefully was the order for its deJust one man quickly and easily restruction carried out that "with the movesshortcornor attachesrowcrop,regularcorn rowcrop,harvester, exception of... two little bits of windrow pickup, regular draperheavy-duty cutterbar clipper orpapyrus with fragments of a few type

.. units into cutterbar. each rolling

verses of Deuteronomy,"to this day place on base machine or storage on its own dolly. Permits fast harvesting

of different crops for green feed, silage and hay.

Ramses II returning in triumph from

Syria. (From the monuments of Karnak.)

"not a single line, neither of the 'Septuagint'nor of any other parts of the Greek Bible, written by a Jew, is so far known to be preserved."30

But with the passing of time grave differences arose regarding the correct readings of this Hebrew Bible Standard and FullRange Cut as those readings underwent constant

Every crop from grasses to legumes or corn can be change at the hands of copyists and chopped economically with a new Case Forage Harvestemendators, and so it became necer model to fit your feeding preference, whether short essary to restore the text to its ancient or long cut. The new lowcost "210"base machine has

purity. This was the work of Maso- a fourknife cutter wheel... the "220"and "225"have

retes, and since they "had no model a sixknife cutting wheel that takes less power. All have

of classical Hebrew to which they a new, heavyduty axle, new pressed steel wheels with could adapt the pronunciation of roller bearings and new springcushion tilt lever. See

Hebrew... they tried to create an your Case Dealer for information and a demonstration.

ideal pronunciation which they be- J. I. Case Co., Dept. B-445, Racine, Wis.

(Continued on page 110) FEBRUARY 1955 107.

X3s9;&\3\3V>S2?\3v>i>i

AT DAYNES MUSIC - - "1 nasmvicn:k asas vievie hinaue done a tyott yet mote

..

Ctfcut fan vtn to the least of these

Richard L. Evans

Vf ay we turn a moment or two to these words of Him whose birth Christmas commemorates. "Then shall the King

say unto them on his right hand, Come ye blessed of my

Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world: jjFor I was an hungred, and ye gave me

meat: I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink: I was a stranger,

and ye took me in: JJNaked, and ye clothed me: I was sick,

and ye visited me: I was in prison, and ye came unto me.

fThen shall the righteous answer him, saying, Lord, when saw we thee an hungred, and fed thee? or thirsty, and gave

thee drink? JjWhen saw we thee a stranger, and took thee in?

or naked, and clothed thee? flOr when saw we thee sick, or

in prison, and came unto thee? JJAnd the King shall answer

and say unto them, Verily I say unto you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me"1 In the midst of many things, in the midst of many wonderful and elaborate unessentials, ChristAMERICA'S FINEST mas is still a season in which essentials should be considered

ELECTRONIC ORGAN such essentials as suggested by our Savior concerning the imprisoned, the sorrowing, sick, the the lonely, the hungry, for offers more Connsonata it unto one of done have as ye "Inasmuch impoverished. the single and In both money. your Christmas me."it unto done ye have least... the of these will the find you manual; double

same authentic, real organ tone is also a time for considering some of the essentials as conquality; faultless performance cerning the Savior himself. Many if not most men will conand beauty of style... qualities cede that he had no peer among the prophets, no peer among

which make the Connsonata the teachers, no peer among the great men and great minds electronic organ a favorite for of all time. All this he was, but all this is not enough. He

homes, churches, funeral homes. was more than this according to the witness of the prophets

for a there's Connsonata And to this according than more Apostles. was much and He hear it and See budget. every that this day witness also would account. we And own in at his it yourself! Stop for

is Jesus commemorates this Christmastide birth whose he Music. Daynes

of the Begotten the of Only God, very the Son Christ, the 9-7633 PHONE testimonies after the many flesh. now, "And the in Father

of last is testimony, this the of him, given been have which 2 born that he was he lives!"of him: That give all, which we ItIiisic aijnes that he day; third the again rose died and—W and lived and

and he sits; right hand at whose Father the to ascendedITrrrfTrfTrrrMfiHiknS as conourselves, do for not could for us what we that he did

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVCW'2260a WASHINGTON5a/tateC/fyBlVD.,OGt>EN certainty of the testimony is the This salvation. our cerning

of our souls. And as this Christmas comes, let it be a new

witness to the world of the mission and message of Jesus the

Christ, the Son of God, our Savior, the Messiah, the Prince of peace. Let it be a time for reexamining ourselves and

"Courtesy giving more consideration to some of the essentials. "And

goes beyond the King shall answer and say unto them, Verily I say unto >-> you, Inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of 1 dependability these... ye have done it unto me."

Uhe JpokenSpoken l/l/ofdWord FROM temple SQUARE

BUY YOUR NEXT CAR FROM PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, DECEMBER 19, 1954 Copyright, 1954 Gomrtesi<tLy iMatthew 25:3440.

PLYMOUTH (6 DODGE 2Doctrine and Covenants 76:22.

1000 So. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah

I WD OR WD45 11run drill holds 5 bushels of grain and 400 pounds III of fertilizer. Grass seed

11 attachment (extra equipment) holds 18 pounds.

New MICRO -FEED assures maximum seeding ANOTHER ALUS CHALMERS FIRST accuracy at higher in the both speeds, drill QuickHitch, TractorMounted acre. in rate per and row

Grass seed attachment has fluted feed. ALLCROP drill

This is the new quickhitch, tractormounted ALLCROP

Drill... another historymaking contribution to better farmNew FORCEFLO fertiliing by AllisChalmers!

zer assembly has spiralHere is new precision that enables you to seed and apply ed spring agitators to fertilizer accurately, uniformly... at higher than average

break lumps and auger speeds! Mounted on your CA, WD or WD45 Tractor, the

fertilizer uniformly. The ALLCROP Drill becomes an integrated unit, with quick

assembly is easily reSNAP-COUPLER hitching, hydraulic lifting and lowering, moved for thorough plus all the other superior operating features which only cleaning. these AllisChalmers tractors and mounted equipment possess.

Seed and fertilizer are deposited in separate bands, eliminating possibility of losses from "burning"of seed or tender young roots. Depth uniformity is assured by new torsion

pressure springs. Seeds are released evenly... never cupped

New TWINBOOT disout in wasteful bunches. Fertilizer is metered in the exact

pensers are used with amount desired per acre.

either single or doubleWith the lowcost ALLCROP Drill, you can drill grain, disc openers to place seed grasses, and apply fertilizer... singly, or in any comseed and fertilizer in bination. It's new... it's fast... it's different! See your

separate bands for quick AllisChalmers dealer today... or write us for free illuscrop response... no intrated catalog.

jury to seedlings.

ALLCROP and SNAPCOUPLER are AllisChalmers trademarks.

Uniform depth of seeding and fertilizing over uneven ground is assured by TorsionSpring design working with new "bellows - type"spouts allow which—drill holds 4 9- run CA greater freedom to bushels of grain 320 and rig movement. ground

fertilizer. of pounds Grass "bellowsseed Grass

type"spouts broadcast seed attachment (extra or bandseed. equipment) holdslS pounds.

0LLIS TRACTOR DIVISIONMILWAUKEECHALMERSi, U. S. A. mm

FEBRUARY 1955 109 Controlling the Past

(Continued from page 107) lieved to be correct. 31 To establish

this new text all other—and olderBibles were ordered destroyed, and

before many years the fact that the

Masorete text stood unchallenged was taken as clear proof that it must be the true and original version of the

Bible, for people naturally forgot UTOCO that the reason why it stood alone through the centuries was that its competitors had all been deliberately and systematically extirpated. Kahle

compares this to the claims of the

Roman church to pristine purity of

Finest gasoline, doctrineor appearedin theto Middlebe, theAges:oldestit was,surviving doctrine only because the othed. 32 motor oil, fuel oil and ers had been suppressed or destroy-

{To be continued) other petroleum products BIBLIOGRAPHY

J. F. Stcnning, The Targum of Isaiah

(Oxford, 1949), p. x. in 46 years. 14Ibid., p. xi.

1BIbid., p. xiv.

1GWilhelm Schmid, Geschichte der griechischen Liter atur (Munich, 1929, in W.

Otto's Handb. der Altertumswissenschaft,

VII, i, 1), I, i, 2-8.

"Tertullian, De Bapt., c. 17. You expect more

18Apostolic Constitutions, VI, 16.

I, berg, 44f; 1929), Harnack, Von DogII, gives mengesch. 63, other of examples from Utoco.. and get it! 10Robt. Eisler, Iesous Basileus, etc. (Heidelapproved deception.

John Chrysostom, De Sacerdotio, I, 5, 63; 6668, 71, 7577; cf. his Homilia LXI in

Act. Apost.

Jerome, Apolog. pro Lib. adv. ]ov., II, UTAH Oil REFINING COMPANY 73.

Apol. adv. Lib. Ruf. in Migne, Patrol.

Latinae, XXIII, 412. Epist. ad Theophil.,

in Patrol. Lat. XXII, 740.

According to Jerome, in Patrol. Lat.

XXIII, 412.

24Paul E. Kahle, The Cairo Geniza (LonEver think what would happen if *\ don:2 'H.OxfordBohmer,Press,DieBrit.FalschungenAcad., 1947),Erzbischofsp. 221.

Lanfrancs von Canterbury (Leipzig, 1902), i, in VII, zer Studien u. der Theol. Gesch. fire were to lay waste your home J a Kirche, p. fuller discussion 126. For see

See the friendly Agent of the my(Dec.article1953),in pp.The919ff.Improvement Era 56

cit., Intd. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. 2CT. Comber, op.

in your locality. He will he glad to help you check your 27In The Improvement Era for Novem1953. ber and December

. # # policies. Qr see I, Epist., 2SInnocent in Patrol. Lat. XX,

HEBER J. GRANT & CO. 551f.fflO. Linton, Problem der Urkirche, p. 10.

General Agents MP. Kahle, op. cit., p. 139.

20 South Main—Salt Lake City '"Ibid., pp. 86, 108, 118, 127.

Ibid., p. 85.

no THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Scouting in Thailand (Concluded from page 84) own story of the boys'interest and study of the outof-doors. Pottery,

carpentry work, and graphic arts displays added further to the picture of work being done by Scouts of Thailand.

Programs during the jamboree featured music, games, and dramatics. Wicks Pipe Organ

King Phra Mongkut Kloa Chowyooin the

L.D.S. First Union program imthe scouting startedhua

Church, Ward in his coronation aftermediately City Salt Lake 1910. The beginning was in the

king's private school, but very soon it became a national program and has had strong support of each ruling select a {jJwM (Qsrijfin and be sure

Phra Mongkut since. Kingmonarch of the FINEST in every price range died on NovemberKloa Chowvoohua

26, 1927. The anniversary of this date Wicks Organs are skillfully fashioned by

was selected for the nation's third craftsmen who combine a deep ofjamboree in honor the first leader. understanding of pipe organ traditions with.. 1

the newest technical advantages. Let us

Someone to Lean On show you how an incomparable Wicks (Concluded from page 93) Organ can be built to suit your exact don't think we "You were wrong, musical needs—and your budget, too.

all that money?"to spendJack,

He shook his head. "Nope—best RECENT WICKS INSTALLATIONS IN L.D.S. CHURCHES INCLUDE THE FOLLOWING:

investment I ever made. Happy?"Chandler, Arizona... Gilbert Ward Chapel II

"Ah, yes."Edgar, Arizona...Glendale Ward, Phoenix Stake

... Phoenix Stake 6th Arizona Laveen, Ward, "Not,"hesitatingly, "sorry—to be. Stake.7th Mesa Ward, Mesa, Arizona.

going back?"American Fork, Utah... 6th and 8th Ward, Alpine Stake

Jordan Stake East 1st L.D.S. Ward, City, Salt Utah. Union Lake shook She "No—and Stake Ensign Ward, City,. East Ensign Utah.. Lake this time Salt that's so what's L.D.S. herfunny—allhead. Bountiful Ward..South. Utah. Cross, Woods

I never dared suggest a trip for fear Evanston, Wyoming...3rd Ward. Woodruff Stake ffl

I could never make myself go back!"

"Why do you feel differently now?"

"Because I'm three years older, I guess, mostly. I can see now that

life isn't all dances and movies and pretty clothes."WICKS ORGAN COMPANY HIGHLAND, ILLINOIS

"Or even monev?"he teased. Western Representatives of The House of V/icks

Calif. 11, Ave., Oakland 17 Gleneden GROVES even RICHARD.... She flushed. "No—nor Seattle Wash. First Northwest, 33, 10708 CHARLES,W.ALLEN.... your folkIt's not failing money. Calif. St., Van Nuys, B altar 17155 J. PLOG. MAURICE

City, Utah Salt Lake Ave., - 8th 603 DUNN W. each other—or Arizona 4th Ave., Mesa, East 1125 HANSEN; LYNN H.......

Jack I've been weak—ifyourself, Ireally.hadn't Oh,had MilVIN

you to lean on—I'd have made an

awful hash of everything long ago!"

"And whom do you think I've been leaning on?"he asked quietly, "how

many times do you think you've saved my reason, being there in the old house when I came in tired and disgusted—reading to Mom, setting

the table, cooking something good?

Looking up at me and smiling?"

Two pairs of startled eyes met and crinkled in laughter. Mom heard

them and looked out the window as FOR ACTION they drove in. A sigh of thankfulness escaped her. They were back

and in good spirits. Her own heart

OVERALL FINEST LEVI?AMERICA'S lightened. She was old, she admitted 1850 SINCE

a bit shamefully to herself, and needed someone to lean on.

FEBRUARY 1955 111 charge of meetings of the organizaFurther Instructions on Duties of High tions in the ward when they have been appointed to be the visitors to a

Councilors and Special Items ward; in this they exceeded their jurisdiction.

Another matter that requires clariDuties of High Councilors The bishop of a ward holds a dual fication is the growing custom in some authority. He, by virtue of his bishstakes that members of high councils

the February 1954 issue of The opric, presides over the Aaronic have authority, or rank, according to

InImprovement Era there appeared Priesthood of his ward and is to see their numeral standing as members a detailed article on the responsithat all the quorums of that priestof the high council and that the bilities of high councilors. In this hood are thoroughly organized and senior member of the council is their

article many of the duties of stake active. He, with his counselors, has president; that is, that the high counhigh councilors were stated clearly. charge of all the temporal affairs of cil is built upon the same plan as

Since that time a number of questhe ward. He presides at the sacrafound in the Council of the Twelve

tions have arisen and requests made ment meetings and over the auxiliary Apostles. This is an error. The

for further clarification on certain organization. He is also the presenior member of the high council

points related to the duties and presiding high priest in the ward and has no authority of presidency over rogatives of the members of such many of the duties that he performs the other members. The difference

councils. Among these queries are are by virtue of his priesthood as a between the high council and the

these: Does the senior member of the high priest. All the members of the Council of the Twelve Apostles is this:

high council have the jurisdiction of ward are subject to their bishop as Members of the high council are high presidency over the other members? members of the ward, but he does not priests who are chosen to act in the

Does he have authority to make appreside over the quorums of the Meloffice as assistant counselors, or adpointments and assign the members chizedek Priesthood or direct them visers, to the stake presidency under to certain specific duties? Does he in their quorum meetings. It is the certain conditions. They do not conpass on their reports? Moreover, do duty of the bishopric to appoint stitute a quorum of priesthood; each

members of high councils when apspeakers for the sacrament meetings is a member of the quorum of high pointed to represent the stake presiin the ward; appoint and regulate the priests and when they are released

dency in the wards have the power priests or elders who administer the from the high council they still reof presidency over bishops, and sacrament, and conduct the exertain their priesthood and standing in should they conduct or supervise the cises of ward meetings; also superthe quorum of high priests.

sacrament meetings; direct the bishvise and direct the ward teachers. He The twelve traveling high counops in the selection of priests to adhas a perfect right to appoint memcilors or Apostles form a quorum of

minister the sacrament; choose the bers of his ward who hold the Melthe priesthood and according to the

speakers and take charge of other chizedek Priesthood to perform duties revelations given through the Prophet activities in relation to the conduct as ward teachers, to conduct classes Joseph Smith, each holds all the keys of such meetings? Likewise when in the auxiliary organizations, and to and authorities of the Melchizedek

they meet with any of the auxiliary choose the officers who preside in Priesthood and apostleship. This

organizations, have they the right to such organizations. great power and authority can be

arrange programs, assume to direct No visiting member of a high counexercised only by one man at a time, the meetings, or to choose or intercil has the authority to appoint the President of the Church.

view auxiliary officers? speakers for the sacrament meetings It is not the prerogative of the

To each of these questions the anof the ward or to take a portion of senior member of the high council swer is no! When two members of the time without the invitation of the in a stake to appoint on committees

the high council are assigned to a bishop. Should the stake presidency the members of the high council.

ward for a period of three or four send two members of the high counThis is the responsibility of the presimonths, they go as representatives of cil to set in order a quorum of the dency of the stake, and they should the stake presidency. Their assignMelchizedek Priesthood, ordain and guard this privilege sacredly.

ment is for the purpose of observing set apart a presidency of such a quoAt the sacrament meetings of the and offering suggestions that may be rum, then these two members have Church, members of the high council sithelpful, and if they discover someauthority to take charge and would who reside in the ward should thing that needs attention and should preside at the meeting of the quorum with the congregation as any other the officers; they priest but and install high within the ward. If he

responsiis any suchbe remedied, they should take their would officially not assume in the meeting appointed, report to the stake presidency and bility without the appointment of the he will take a place on the stand, but high council where it is to be disstake presidency. They do not prenot to preside. - He should state to

cussed. After a conclusion has been side when visiting a quorum of elders. the bishop the nature of his appointreached the stake presidency is to see There have been instances where high ment and ask for time to present his

that the needed change is made. councilors have stepped in and taken message if it is for the members of

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Priesthood

the ward. If he so desires, the bishop a complete high council for the stake ties for husbands and wives to get

may invite a member of the high appointed. The following excerpt together once each week and study

council to sit on the stand at the from the History of the Church, Vol. the gospel, and the priesthood prosacrament service as he may do in 4:154, in relation to the duty of the gram provides occasional socials for

regard to any other member of the high council in trials is important husbands and wives. Thus these

ward. enough to be repeated here: needs are met in the regular church

The first high council in the Saturday, [July] 11, [1840]—The high program.

Church in this dispensation was orcouncil [of the Nauvoo Stake] met at my Question Number Three: "Is it

ganized in Kirtland, Ohio, February office, when I taught them principles relatproper for wives who live out of town to their ing as council, a duty that they and 17, 1834. This high council in was to attend the priesthood leadership

I might be guided the in future, by same particulars some different from the meeting their with husbands at stake it to ordered as follows: be recorded "That high councils in stakes as of Zion they quarterly conferences?"the council try should case no without both

are constituted today. While all that parties being present, or having had an opAnswer: In most cases it would be

is written in that revelation (D. & C. portunity to be present; neither should they advisable for the women to be properson's hear his one before complaint case in relation still trials 102) to apvided their with in meetings own

trial; for is brought neither they should up plies it today, should be rememstakes where they have to wait of to the character exsuch one be any that bered First the of Presidency for their husbands for transportation before the council high without the the sufferposed

Church constituted the presidency of person being present and ready to defend to return home. On certain occathat high council. From this it him or herself; that the minds of the counsions, welfare representatives have

for or against prejudiced any be not should 36cilors be that understood verses held meetings the with while women to possibly case have whose one they may of section Ibid., 37 107, not apply do priesthood leadership meetings were act upon."

to stake councils. high the Moreover in session. It be that Relief may

revelation states that this "council was SPECIAL ITEMS Society matters could be discussed to appointed for by revelation advantage during that period. the purITEM NUMBER ONE: good

of settling pose difficulties important If, however, such for meetings the which might arise in the church, Women Attending Priesthood wives cannot be arranged, they should which could not be settled by the Meetings attend the priesthood leadership church in the bishop's council to the Occasionally letters are received meeting only after receiving the apsatisfaction of the parties."(Ibid., 102: by the General Authorities asking proval of the General Authority who

2.) This council had wide jurisdiction questions regarding wives attending is presiding at the conference.

and was not confined to the borders of priesthood meetings with their hus- a stake. It was not until high councils bands. As a general rule, the instrucITEM NUMBER TWO:

were organized in stakes as we find tions have been that it is not proper them today that stake presidencies for women to attend the various types Regulations Regarding Passing the Sacrament presided in their deliberations. It is of priesthood meetings with their

desirable that all members of high husbands. Priesthood meetings are Occasionally the General Authoricouncils and other officers in the to be conducted on a priesthood basis ties are asked such questions as:

Church read this revelation careand that does not provide for the atQuestion Number One: "Is it abfully. Attention is called especially to tendance of women. solutely necessary for people always

verses 9 and 10, of section 102, which Question Number One: "When to take the sacrament with their

are as follows: husbands and wives drive considerright hands?"

able distances to the stake center for It Answer: is certainly addeemed president The of the church, who is also it meetings, be permissible would for visable for Latterday Saints to parthe president of the council, is appointed by

revelation, and acknowledged in his adthe wives to attend the monthly stake take of the sacrament with their right ministration by the voice of the church. priesthood leadership meetings with hands. This practice avoids confuit is according And to the dignity of his their husbands?"sion in passing is the sacrament a and office that he should preside over the counIt for Answer: be advisable would thoroughly established the in system cil of the it church; is his and privilege

to to the wives of their hold a meeting Church. However, certain people assisted be do by two other presidents, appointed after the same manner that he himown while their husbands are in not have right hands, and others may

self was appointed. stake priesthood leadership meetings. be paralyzed in the right arm, and so

They could discuss Relief Society those unable to use their right hands

We see from this that the first high problems, or other problems relative should use the left.

council had general jurisdiction to women's work. Question Number Two: "Should

throughout the Church. Later anQuestion Number Two: "Is it deacons who pass the sacrament atother high council was organized in proper for women to attend the tempt to dress alike and wear someMissouri to take care of the problems monthly Melchizedek Priesthood quowhat formal attire?"

arising in that distant part of the rum business meetings or the weekly Answer: No, it is not necessary for

vineyard. Later when stakes were quorum or group study classes?"deacons to dress alike; nor should

organized as we have them today a Answer: The answer is no. The they march like soldiers or stand with

stake presidency was appointed and Sunday School provides opportuni- (Continued on page 120)FEBRUARY 1955

V*Presiding

Priests to Inform Deacons Bishops to Welcome New Ward Members of Highest Authority Who Is WE madeare awareupon ofa bishop'sthe manytime.demandsBut sible,Relief makeSocietya personalwho should,visit towhenthe fampos-

to Receive Sacrament First we wonder whether we are not overily and tactfully determine whether the service is which needed there any bishop's of vital part a looking one the at sacrament officiatingPriests cases Often, render. Society Relief may i.e., responsibilities, new welcoming full responsito are given table be of because neglected sadly are of need ward. the into members of the in for advancebility determining, contact. this in delay long the for is substitute satisfactory no There present, authority highest themeeting, his notify also 3. should bishop The his counselors visit of bishop the and the so to is stand, sitting the and onwho teachof the ward in charge counselor of immedithe ward to members new the will pass the deaconinform who the into division which memnew ing their of receipt the following ately first. person to suchsacrament will, counselor moved. The ber has leaders records. Other membership is suggesthe departure a from This supervisor division his notify turn, in call should, memnew upon and may, of secretary that the past thetions in imvisit members the new should for the who substitute as a bers, never but charged with be committeethe ward teachof the ward behalf on mediately bishopric. visit of the personal responsibility.this ward. of the organization Ward ing to as suggestions offer few a We this priests assigned duty the With assigned promptly be should teachers the bishop and done be by what may is will that the deaconsthere chance no to responsibilities full their to assume sure members to be his counselors new this assistance in matter given benot members. the welnew are into the made ward moving secretary. of of the absence thebecause the into move members realize, new plans, other are When There we come.

but at least the following ideas should bishop's ward teaching division, he will

Ward Teachers Should Not not1. beTheoverlooked:bishop and his counselors take4. Enlistmentcare of this detail.committees of the

to organizations will want auxiliary visit immemember each newDiscuss the Mysteries should be welvisit receipt who should new members the bishop's following diately

Ward teachers are, on occasion, conof the record of membership, not weeks comed into their respective organizafronted with some baffling quesor months later. In fact, this visit from tions. The bishop should notify the

tions pertaining to mysteries. The anthe bishopric would be most appropriheads of the auxiliaries who will notify

swers to many of these queries are not ate if made, wherever possible, before their respective enlistment or class comcontained in the scriptures. Ward the sacrament meeting in which the mittees interested in the new members.

teachers are cautioned, therefore, to renames of the new members are pre- A concerted effort to place these sugfrain from becoming involved in dissented to the Saints for membership gestions in full operation will insure cussions of this nature. It should be in the ward. against many of the unhappy experiexplained that if the Lord wanted 2. Immediately, when the bishop reences of persons who are not officially

mysteries to become common knowlceives the membership records, he visited and made welcome in their new edge he would have revealed them long should notify the president of the ward wards.

ago. The Lord has revealed those principles of the gospel necessary to save

and exalt man in the kingdom of God, of eternity wonders the Yea, even live in obedience to expects he him and Leave Meeting Not to shall Deacons to things will I show come they know, and this task laws. these to To accomplish

generations. of things them, even many of require knowledge any does not

76:5-8.) C. (D. & after Passing Sacrament mysteries.

plain the teach be ultimately will teachers should All mysteries Ward is as gospel reserving this of the truths revealed, simple but the Lord and outIt is an act of discourtesy and irreverknowledge for those who prove faithful lined in the study guide and encourage ence for deacons to leave the meeting to the end. The Lord points up that all members to participate in the discuswhen they have finished passing the

many of the mysteries of his kingdom sion. sacrament unless they are excused by

are not to be, made known in this life. the bishop.

We should not attempt to explain that Where deacons are not willing to upon which the Lord is silent. This is First Applications for remain for the entire sacrament meethis promise,

ing, we suggest they be excused from

For thus saith the Lord—I, the Lord, am Awards Received passing the sacrament and that the asfear gracious those unto merciful who and first oneand one the During are willthose who be given signment serve those delight to honor who and me, office opened, after our half hours

as meeting for the full ing to remain in truth unto righteousness and me in press, to 3, go we as we the January end. Lord has commanded. eight the applications from received

shall be their reward and eternal Great earned six there are not too many Fortunately, wards, of which (75%) their glory. shall be

And to them will I reveal all mysteries, the ward Aaronic Priesthood instances of this infraction. Where it

yea, all the hidden mysteries of my kingdom award. does exist, leaders are urged to move

from days of old, and for ages to come, will The applications were for 189 inquickly and effectively to teach our pleasgood awards I Priesthood unto them the dividual Aaronic make known Priesthood boys away from such Aaronic all perthings will concerning ure pins. Priesthood of my Aaronic and for 89 practice. an unbecoming to kingdom. taining my

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishoprics Page Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Ward Should Keep Copies No Exceptions Presentation of Pin Award of Award Applications to 100% Seal Bishopricstunity tohavereallyan excellentmake theoppornew sigof thing a pin Priesthood is that each ward recommended seal Aaronic attendance the receive 100% IT its of meaning to boys. nificance Much keep To applications each of a copy award must a boy award, his individual on

in which manner upon the will depend for reference. file future year and them the exactly number same attended have

presented. are pins the helpful will prove most a system Such meetings sacrament of priesthood and

the that be overlooked It not should for qualify to the in assisting boys residence of his in as ward held were four is least at pin of the achievement pin have Priesthood Aaronic may who or all If 1954. attended some he during individual of the achievement the lost their over individual awards or times other in wards the of these meetings

award. It transalso will the expedite years. credit therefor is to receive he branches,

of presentation let the event, In any to of information requested mission roll. quorum in his own It is a special. something pin be the for qualify to boys attempting bishops

Makeup meetings will not be allowed real and its presentation achievement awards have only recently the who for any reason. in with the not be just "lumped"should into their wards. moved

Please do not ask for any exception presentation of the individual awards.

to this rule no matter what the reason

Senior Members for one or more times absent may have been. No exceptions are allowed.

Group Advisers Prepare We do not want either our leaders or Awards Made in our boys to think this is unfair. It is Highest Priesthood Office

Blueprints of Salvation the only way we know which is fair to all of Priesthood either attends Aaronic office in the boy A of everyone. senior our work with members his The

not, In doesn't. If he does meetings or he 31 as of December held boy by the it Priesthood, the should be Aaronic

award would be a is to receive the seal on his he office in which is the of then that excellence in any remembered facts. of the misrepresentation a Therefore, award. individual his is like life's performances without God

the plucked flower, momentarily beauIt is our opinion that our young men teacher ordained a priest in December, tiful and desirable but soon to fade would not want a 100% seal which they for example, would receive the award and wither away. Faith in God gives had not really earned. as a priest.

purpose and stability to our efforts and accomplishments. It adds both luster

and depth to life. It is the only foundation upon which true happiness or salvation, which is the purpose of life, Challenging Records of Youth

can possibly be built.

Man, apart from God, is limited, both as to the true values he is able to acquire in life and as to his lasting abilities, powers, and influence.

To attempt to build our temples of life without the solicited help of our

Father in heaven is to discard the blueprints, plans, and tools with which to build. It is to give no thought to

foundation stones or quality material.

It is to build upon the sand.

Faith in God and activity in the

Church will make of any successful man a greater success and a happier man. To

the blessings of success whicn God has given him will be added the blessings of the abundant life. Merlin Magnusson Steven Jensen Leroy Richins

The mission of group advisers is to carry to the homes and hearts of senior members the blueprints of salvation Merlin is among the very few young Steven and Leroy come up with a the gospel of Jesus Christ. It is to immen in the Church who span their record of seven individual Aaronic

press them that the most important full seven years in the Aaronic PriestPriesthood awards each before being thing in life is to find what the will hood program with a perfect record of ordained to the Melchizedek Priesthood.

of God is and to live in accordance attendance at priesthood and sacrament They are members of record in the therewith. Their message is the message meeting, Sunday School, and YMMIA. Gridley Second Ward, Gridley (Caliof the Savior when he said, "But seek ye He is a member of the South Gate

first the kingdom of God, and his Ward, South Los Angeles (California) fornia) Stake and are currently attendrighteousness; and all these things shall Stake and is the son of Bishop Ivan and ing Brigham Young University in

be added unto you."(Matt. 6:33.) Sister Cula Magnusson. Provo, Utah.

FEBRUARY 1955 115 IRIS PARKER Editorloa avs y

Vivacious, redhaired Vesta E. Anderson cooks the easy way. She

all has life Mrs Maurice Anderson her to, because had she has been so busy with Church civic activities and that she has had Suggests Fare for February to take shortcuts. four children Her

(and now seven grandchildren) have always claimed a good share of her attention, too, so it has been imperagradually water and let it come to a tive that she prepare "oven"meals boil, stirring constantly.

and casseroles, but perhaps the all- (Note: When using venison as a pot

time favorite meal at the Andersons roast, remove all fat from roast and centers around Mother's pot roast. soak in water about room temperature

She has included it in a suggested dinfor an hour. Dry and cook same as

ner menu for February: beef roast.)

Hot Tomato Bouillon Cannelon of Beef

Pot Roast and Vegetables or Cannelon of Beef 2 poundsGrated rindlean ofbeef,onehalfgroundlemon

Cinnamon Apple Salad 1 tablespoon chopped parsley

Valentine Raspberry Tapioca 1 egg Vesta E. Anderson

1 teaspoon onion juice Hot Tomato Bouillon 2 grains nutmeg

1 teaspoon granulated sugar cup salt J/2 the Heat following and serve hot teaspoon pepper J/4 salt teaspoon 1 No. 2 can tomato juice Y4

1 can bouillon (if you wish it diluted, Combine above ingredients. Shape 1 cup canned red raspberries

add of one can water) juice 1 tablespoon lemon loaf. into in of Roll sheet heavy brown

Salt, salt, celery and onion salt to cup cream, whipped paper, buttered. has been which Baste l/2

taste if little a butter water, with necesand

juice raspberry water, and Beef or Venison Pot Roast 375sary, tofor keepaboutfromone burning.hour. ServeBakewithat quickcookingCombine tapioca, sugar, and

Ask your butcher for a round bone tomato sauce. in saucepan and mix well. Bring mixsalt

pot roast and a piece of suet. Heat ture quickly to a full boil over direct

heavy pan and render suet until pan Cinnamon Apple Salad heat, stirring constantly. Remove from

is well greased. meat. Add When

salt brown on one side, it, but do not Jonathan or Delicious apples, peeled fire.over cook.)(MixtureAddwillfruitbeandthin.lemonDojuice.not

add salt to meat before it has been and cored Cool, stirring occasionally. (The mixbrowned or juice will come out. Turn Small package of red cinnamon ture thickens as it cools.) Chill. Fill

several times until meat is a good even candies parfait glasses twothirds full. Add a

sides. brown on both Cover and let

it After simmer. cooking for about a 2 cups water tablespoonto each glass.of sweetenedFinish fillingwhippedglassescreamwith

half hour, several of tablespoons add mixture. tapioca addiGarnish with Boil disuntil candies cinnamon to hot burning. keep water meat from tional cream. whipped with Top solved. let apples cook until Add and cooking, allow Continue about an and candy hearts. red. to apples. turn need You Let may for achour the meat. a pound Judge

cording to tenderness of meat. Put cool. Fill cavities with chopped nuts

onion and celery slices on top when it and dates. Top with whipped cream The following is perhaps the very

is half cooked. Add carrots about oneto which chopped maraschino cherries favorite specialty at the Maurice Anhalf hour before meat is done, and poand marshmallows have been added. derson home. It's a recipe Vesta actatoes and parsley the last twenty minquired back in high school cooking

utes. Valentine Raspberry Tapioca class. The family eat it for breakfast

If you don't want to cook vegetables or for lunch or even as a late evening with roast, you can'make a delicious 2]/2 cups canned raspberry juice and snack. Sister Anderson says, "It

brown gravy. Add flour to juices in water doesn't sound very good—but it is!"

bottom of pan. Brown slightly. Add 3 tablespoons quickcooking tapioca (Concluded on page 127)

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Its the sourcream buttermilk in the mix that makes Sperry pancakes taste so good!"

OF GENERAL MILLS

Good oldfashioned sourcream

buttermilk pancakes—light, tender, delicious.

That's what you get with Sperry Pancake and Waffle Mix. It's a simple new Betty Crocker

method. Try a package. You'll get lighter,

better tasting pancakes than ever before.

Xberr.v PANCAKE MIX WAFFLE AND TRADEMARKS CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED "SPERRY"AWD "BETTY

OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

FEBRUARY 1955 117

flow to make

by A. Walter Stevenson

ASSISTANT SUPERINTENDENT, Y M M I A

"WINDS OF FATE"* Realizing that I belong to the true

Church and that its purpose is to

One ship drives east and another provide opportunities and the ordidrives west nances necessary for my advanceWith the selfsame winds that blow. ment, I would seek occasions to work

'Tis the set of the sails in it, and I would honor my priestAnd not the gales hood and help to build up the

Which tells us the way to go. kingdom of God. I would be a good

Scout and Explorer and earn the

White as white, light as light Like the winds of the sea are the ways "Eagle Scout Award,"the "Explorer—with tender texture and delof fate, Silver Award,"and the new Church

that's flavor: icate Clabber

prettyAs we voyage along through life. "Duty to God Award."Girl's Snow Cake. A

picture when finished and a 'Tis the set of a soul If I were a teenager, I would seek cake really to be proud of havThat decides its goal, the company of friends who have the ing baked yourself. And not the calm or the strife. same ideals. Then I wouldn't be in

SNOW CAKE as great danger of doing things I

Yield: 2 8-inch layers—Ella Wheeler Wilcox knew were wrong just to be called

2 XA cups sifted cake 1 M. cups beet or "a good sport."

flour cane sugar shortening Clabber teaspoons cup 1Yi welltry to XA live a full and I would re- I would 1 teaspoon Girl Powder Baking life, cultivating good the 1 I balanced salt milk poet. cup teaspoon Vi vanilla If memberI were thein mywordsteens,of the

94 finely teaspoon 3 egg whites would avoid drifting and chart and pushing aside the evil. rind grated lemon

Sift together flour, baking powder, and my course straight ahead for an exalRemembering that my earthly the with fork together Crush of of offspring the celestial God, houses in the tation kingdom body sugar; the rind of cup and lemonsalt. M

until together beat shortening; to add I health guard and would my God. my sugar in gradually cup Beat

in vanilla. 34 lAgradually the Beat fluffy.and suffigetting properly, patriarchal habits, eating receive I would my Vz remaining in milk. cup Beat cup

lowest or at Stir sugar. hand in by blessing and would study it carefully cient sleep and rest, exercising consifted electric the mixer, dry with speed

ingredients and remaining 3A cup milk, to determine what was expected of sistently, and avoiding all harmful alternately, blending by fourths, egg whites Beat after each addition. well me in mortality and where my things. I would relax by participatuntil

batter. stiffBakebut notin twodry. oiledStir quicklyor greasedinto strengths and weaknesses lie. I ing in sports and enjoying the beauat 350 F. (mod- 8-inch layer cake pans

Fill 30 minutes. and would decide which are the important ties of nature. erate about oven)

Frosting frost Seven with Minute and things in life and work accordingly. I would keep unclean thoughts between coconut garnish with shredded

layers and on top. The Lord said: "Seek not for from my mind and would guard my

(D. riches for wisdom"but & C. 6:7) virtue virtue girl comthe and of my REMEMBER: of.. seek ye first the kingdom and ". life, if necessary. panions with my It's the fresh

ingredients CLABBl God"(Matt. 6:33) so I would accept Knowing that Satan is constantly on

in your homebaked that as the answer. the alert to tempt us to lose this

that recipe make of the fact that "The aware Being thing, precious keep I would on the taste things is intelligence"(D. better; glory & C. of God alof the Lord's side line and would longer stay fresh

93:36) I would study the gospel and ways be found in holy places. VisitGuaranteed ($

Housekeeping Good by CJJ*1|H(J>pommj gowouldall outchoosefor aa vocationgood education.and striveI ingis extremelyevil places,dangerous,merely outforof curiosity,one goes

to be one of the best in it. I would alone—without the Spirit of the Lord.

I would cultivate a love for the CLABBER GIRL way.really studyI wouldandpraynot forseekstrengththe easyto

arts derive entertainment and AS is KNOWN now a day's fine do a full day's work for WITH POWDER BAKINGExclusively THE fields activiof good, wholesome from action t double h e Balanced pay.

ties. read at least one good I would HULMAN Masterpieces *From every week. T ER Harper & Brothers, of1948.ReligiousBy permission.Verse, copyright book R E HAUTE& COMPANY.INDIANA by

118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Knowing that in life we are strengthened by overcoming hardships and difficulties, I would always work and play to win but praying if llllllh that I could achieve victory humbly 111 111 111 slssis:111 Musimand accept defeat graciously when it 0Min11 in

comes, and that I could take the ill II 111 blame for failures and not try to pass the "buck."My desire would

be to be a good sport both on and off the field and especially when no looking. to learnone was I would

erect.smile and keep my head choose a breakfast Why

not, for it takes sixtyfive muscles to frown and only twelve to smile.

Were I a teenager, I would pray for help to honor my parents and to follow their counsel and advice.

Aware of the two greatest commandments as the Master gave them,

I would prove my love for God by keeping his commandments and would really try to love my neighbors as myself. That should not be

too difficult when I remember how

President George Albert Smith reminded us so many times that they are all the children of our heavenly

Father and therefore our own brothers and sisters. If I could look for

the good in all people, avoid criticizing and faultfinding, overlook their weaknesses, forgive their trespasses, and give them pats on the backs and words of encouragement as they struggle along, it would show my love for them. It would also show 1F/WHEAT HEARTS

that I am not a pessimist, for the gets snakebee its honey and the flower.poison from the same Wcits the -cereal

can find what we seek.

often pray say and I would "I recommended by "give a little thee"thank and more me"a little less.

If I were in my teens, I would prepare for a mission. Realizing the

great responsibility of the Church in preaching the gospel to "every nation, kindred, tongue, and people"B of GENERAL MILLS

I would get ready so that when the call came I wouldn't have to prepare "I think you'll like Wheat Hearts,"says after I arrived in the field. Betty Crocker of General Mills. "It's

I would try to carry my load in easy to fix and tastes delicious. Really

making my community, my state, and hits the spot on these raw, blustery my nation a better place in which to mornings."

live. 6 times richer. Contains wheat germ—

Believing the words of the Psalmricher thanwhole in Vitamin B-l 6 times ist: earth Lord's is the and the "The

itself. energy build and Helps wheat

Ifulness thereof"(Psalms 24:1),

in Serve 3 minutes. vigor. Cooks

it feel to an pay honorwould my good! It's Sperry day. every

for partial as atithing recompense privilege here. of livingthe Out of dollar theevery go first dime would

to the Lord.

AMERICA'S FIRST LADY OF FOOD If I were a teenager, no other "SPERRY."BETTY CROCKER,""WHEAT HEARTS,"ARE REG. TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS, INC.

(Concluded on following page) FEBRUARY 1955 119 If I Were in My Teens Ail-O-Wheat ''I really go AIIOWheat form (Concludedof marriagefrom precedingthan thatpage)estabwith applesauce for All -O-Wheat lished by our Father in heaven would qnd cinnamon is served on top of satisfypanionshipme. ofI wouldgood girlsseek thewith comthe

my favorite breakmy favorite cold same ideal, and find one who loves cereal."the gospel and would support me in fast dish."

filling Church assignments and who looked as if she would be a good mother for our children. I would

pray that I could be a good father. "I like to find

it all up, if in I were my I strive to a would be "Add chopped a hidden chocoBreakfast teensTo sumagain, prunes, raisins, or late mint or real Latterday Saint every day of life. I would endeavor not to dates with All-O- marshmallow in my

become a part of the world but to keep my identity as one of a "peWheat for a demy bowl of AllTheme licious treat."O-Wheat."culiar people."In short I would ask

for strength to "do what is right and let the consequence follow."

All-O-Wheat Cereal "dressups"delight My aim would be, while a teenthe whole family... with ever pleasing ager, so to ground myself that when

variety. Whether it's All - - Wheat's this life was over I could face my

"Chopped Wheat"or the new type "Rolled Maker and truthfully proclaim, as

Wheat Flakes"... it's nutritious, dePaul did to Timothy: "I have fought

licious. Try All-O-Wheat today. a good fight, I have finished my

course, I have kept the faith."(II

All-O-Wheat Cereal Co. Tim. 4:7.)

OGDEN, UTAH Melchizedek Priesthood (Continued from page 113) one arm behind them. This is not

Nothing like this ever happened the natural way of passing the sacto meat loaf before rament. The handbook of instructions to bishops and stake presidents

advises as follows:

While the clothing and general appearance of those who administer and pass the sacrament should be neat, clean, and appropriate, it is not desirable to require such uniformity in dress and action as to smack of formalism. Although white shirts and black ties

for young men are proper, it should not be required that all be exactly alike in dress and general appearance. Furthermore, the

boys who pass the sacrament should not be required to assume any particular posture or action, such as holding the left hand behind the back, or maintaining stiffness in walking, or any tendency toward military order in action. The passing of the sacrament should be natural and unobtrusive.

The sacredness of this ordinance justifies the greatest care and preparation to insure order, appropriateness, and reverence for that which typifies, the without having ordinance IT'S NEW! the

detract the thought and from performance

A wonderfully richflavored loaf of purpose.

beef and cheese... made extra juicy ITEM NUMBER THREE:

and delicious by Morning Milk. Proper Apparel for Women in

Church FT TAKES MORNING MILKNO Question Number One: "Is it

proper for women to wear earrings or

OTHER. FORM OF MILK WILL 00 specified types of clothing or jewelry

Your free recipe is at your grocer's while attending Latterday Saint

Morning Milk display church services?"

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Answer: No instructions have been

issued against wearing earrings or jewelry to Church, nor have instructions been given to specify the type of clothing that women should wear.

However, for the sake of propriety, The satisfying clothing should not be worn which is in any way immodest. It is recommended that Latterday Saint women should dress in a manner as will conall-family drink

form to good taste, modesty, and decency.

Cancer of the Mouth ANtobaccoannouncementand snuff havethatbeenchewingfound Postiim by one group of scientists to be associated with cancers of the mouth is made by the American Cancer Society. The finding is by George E.

Moore, M.D., Buffalo; Lester L. Bissinger, M.D., and Elsa C. Prochl,

M.D., Minneapolis.

All men over fifty who registered PfutoaC at the University of Minnesota Hospital Tumor Clinic since 1951 and who had chewed tobacco twenty or ThOffe* more years were interviewed about their tobacco habits.

The studies showed that mouth cancers usually developed only after fifteen years or more of continuous exposure of the mouth lining. Many

who had chewed tobacco less than this time had developed thickening and leucoplakia which the scientists This large 8-ounce jar of instant Postum makes up to 100 cups!

felt might become cancerous unless the tobacco users discontinued their habits. percentage of those A high

with cancer mouth reported that they Instant Postum contains had developed sores early in their habituation at the site where they no catTein or other drug held their quid.

In a study made at Roswell Park

Memorial Institute, Buffalo, the perEveryone from Granddad to your youngest toddler can enjoy centage of patients developing cancer Instant Postum. It's harmless because it's caffeinfree—with no

of the buccal mucosa was 8.4 times drugs or stimulants of any kind

as great among those who chewed a hearty goodness that's as among nonusers of tobacco. The Postum has plenty of flavor though—

percentage diagnosed as having canwonderfully warm and satisfying.

cer of the palate was 13.4 times as It's ready to drink in an instant, too, made right in the cup by

great among pipe smokers as among adding hot water or—for growing youngsters—hot milk.

nonusers. serve Instant Postum to your family at mealtimes? From X-Ray News Bulletin, Why not

It's familypriced—less than a penny a cup! Another wonderful

product of General Foods.

Faith in the Future

(Continued from page 81) on a firm foundation. Many young

people marry on the basis of physical attraction alone and then wonder Instant Postum their marriages break up. why RoNo caffein

love mantic is important, but a deeper conjugal love, based on companion- (Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1955 121 Faith in the Future

(Continued from preceding page) ship, sharing, and giving is essential for marital happiness.

It is as much a mistake to say that VITAMINS all couples contemplating marriage AND should marry now as it would be to say that all persons should wait. If MINERALS

after careful and prayerful consideraDrink them in tion a couple find themselves really delicious juice form—Use a

in love—not just infatuated—mature SWEDEN Speed JUICER

in most respects, wellacquainted, Give your family the natural and ready to accept the new responsinutrients of carrots, celery, bilities of marriage, then marriage apples, cabbage, etc. in delicious juices. Sweden process

with an optimistic and prayerful for true natural flavor. Even

viewpoint is probably desirable. Such those who balk at cooked vegwill want "seconds."etables will provide a marriage undoubtedly

love, serenity so Samsonite security, seconds, Juice in much and folding chairs are needed in an uncertain world. HowEasyEasy toto clean.operate

strongest... last longest! ever, if a couple have serious doubts,

feel there are too many risks, or that

Samsonite folding furniture is smart, sturdy, and wonderfully they are not mature enough, addicomfortable. It lasts longest—tional time with constructive experisaves over the money years. well prepare them ences may leading departfor a At Groupseating experts choose appliance ment, date. at a future marriage successful first. Samsonite healthfood and

are maturely couples Many confreestores,folder.or write for for thisLook seal Write us or ask your

everyon chair. rushall factors are not Only and free booklet: SamsoniteFOLDING CHAIR for "Howdistributorto Save sidering

genuine Samsonite on Money Public Seating". usually it. marriage. into ing has Time

INC., Public EROS., SeatSHWAYDER a brings and understanding more i-7, PENDING Division, OTHERS ing Detroit Dept. 29, JUICER

of Also Samsonite makers Mich. famous CWCDCIMSPEED parbetter perspective. Continued

. Tables Card Chairs Luggage and CO. MFG. FREEZER SWEDEN

... for the Furniture I Classroom Home.. activities usually in social ticipation

99, DIVISION SEATTLE WASH. DEPT. Jl -3 JUICER

keeps the personality growing. As

one becomes older, he is generally desired surer of DRIPLESS he wants. The what NEW at KITCHEI1 CHARITI of qualities a mate and PLASTIC SET values SACRAMENT twentytwo may differ greatly from WAXED PAPER

Since of seventeen. at the age those and KEEPS FOOD ordinance is a sacred marriage

involves one of the most important FRESHER LONGER!

decisions in life, it is evident that great care in the choice of a mate is necessary to prevent family breakup.

Enhancing Family Solidarity In addition to the problems facing young people, uncertainties likewise confront the 40,000,000 already established American families. Can sucSet consists of 2 pieces, a bread and water cessful family living help in meeting

in tray, plastic. beautiful milk white appearing

(all the Note large sturdy are world conditions? What can be done handles handles

Crystal) that automatically lock in place. Hanto strengthen the family in these

dles fold down, out of the way, when not in troubled times?

use; requiring only V3 the space of old type Mrs. Smith illustrated some of the sets.

Water trays feature a special rim around values of successful marriage when each individual cup opening as well as around she penned the following: "Instead

tray. outer This practically edge of eliminates of facing an uncertain world alone, inconvenience of dripping water.

my husband and I face it together,

ORDER FOR YOUR WARD TODAY which has resulted in optimism and

Sets available at Presiding Bishopric's Office, faith in the present and future."The

Salt Lake City, Utah family is one of the few places toor day where the vital human inOrder Direct From gredients of love, companionship, unWITH MILLIONS POPULAR THE PLASTICAL COMPANY derstanding, and sympathy can be OF HOUSEWIVES... Blvd. 3575 Manchester

IngTewood 4, California supplied and nurtured. Particularly AT ALL LEADING GROCERS

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in times of stress, we need these psychological and spiritual vitamins.

Numerous suggestions are available to assist families to meet the exigencies of the times and to become wellsprings of love and security. A

few of the more important are:

1. Confide in Each Other.

concerns—andAs husbands andwe allwiveshavesharethemtheir

fears and worries tend to disappear or diminish. Confiding in each other

means the sharing of both positive and negative feelings, worries as well as aspirations. The husband who

has a difficult day at the office may well "let off steam"to his wife; the

wife who is distraught from a series of household failures may well express her exasperations to her mate. As

each becomes an attentive listener, I Bought MY AUTO INSURANCE at 25% Off tensions are relieved, and the relafrom tionship is strengthened. During America's Oldest Total Abstainers Auto Insurance Co.

perit II that found wasWorld War

I I abstainer driving a total a with was good difficulof all kinds face couldsons record Risk protect that proved they could me proved—and thatPreferred

fears their shareties if could they at of insurance standard automobile with form a cost below 25% and worries with others. what I had been paying... That was five years ago!

2. Participate in Recreation, IndiBut this was only the beginning... I found the initial 25%

vidually and as a Family. saving was followed by progressive rate reductions based on my

record. driving Since I safe no accidents had went own my rate Energy builds up within us, and saving insurance lower even on auto... Today down my

wholesome activities are among the is 44%!

best means of releasing these ener- I was surprised that I could save so much—but I shouldn't

gies. Church leaders from Joseph have been. I know that drinking drivers are responsible for

Smith onward have stressed the thousands of costly accidents and cause other insurance comvalues derived through recreation. panies to pay out millions of dollars in claims... Preferred

Psychiatrists strongly encourage all Risk pays out on none of these "drinking"losses because it has people to take time to relax and play. none. It has none because it insures nondrinkers* only.

This applies to adults as well as to No wonder Preferred Risk has 60,000 satisfied policyholders children. and over $2,000,000 in assets—and issues America's only non

total abstainers assessable policy. No wonder I smile when I Some of the best play activity possay I'm a P. R.""No thanks,

sible is family recreation. Many fam- *Nondrinker means TOTAL abstainer. The occasional "social"drinker

ilies get to know each other for the is NOT eligible. If you qualify, return this coupon for an immediate

first time when they go on a picnic quotation.

of music, eveningtogether, have an in other fun participate some toACT NOW—USE THIS COUPONor

gether. Family recreation, long enPlease send me complete information about your auto insurance for total abcouraged by the Church, does much stainers. I understand there is no obligation.

to strengthen family solidarity and to Name Myexpires:auto insurance

reduce tension and worry. Address Month

City -State. Day

3. Participate in Activities ToOccupation- Year

gether.

Husbands and wives who plan toAge Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driver.

gether and share many experiences Make of Car Year.—.No. Cylinders

usually get better acquainted and Body type 8b Model (Series) strengthen their marriage. Parents Use of Car: Pleasure Business To and from work miles one way

who bring their children into their Marital Status of Principal Driver: Married with children

confidence and plan and work with Single, living at home Single Brink"them likewise come closer to each Qotit other. Attending church as a famACCIDENTS"PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL

ily is an enriching experience which INSURANCE COMPANY adds meaning to living. Family coun501 JUDGE BLDG., DEPT. 255, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

cils are excellent for welding the PHONE 4-1931 family together, increasing love and 'America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President

(Concluded on following page) FEBRUARY 1955 123 Faith in the Future (Concluded from preceding page)

infor providing well as as security, uour IMPROVEMENT ERAS and father needs. One dividual

mother sent postcards to each of their l/i/lll be dound five children, inviting them to join in a family council. Each child felt

at the apthere and was important JrcinclSowielu /or the established hour. They pointed

00 practicea week. of Theymeetingdiscussedas a familyfinancialonce 4 *3 matters, social activities, religious

and enjoyed themselves in Deseret questions, at the bindery finest in West's the... numerous ways. excellent the use for permanent Retain Press. News

of lasting interarticles instruction and outstanding Era. 4. Live Mainly in the Present. your Improvement monthly in est that appear

You may have editions of the Era handsomely Mental hygienists have found that gold with form book clothcovered in bound now the reflect upon who and women men necesplus is just $3 (prepaid), Cost stamping. plan perspective, their to enhance the past issues. year's, Use entire for an sary postage,

following rate guide to determine postage costs. for the future to achieve worthwhile

goals, but who, in the main, live and

Salt Lake City, Utah Rate Distance from get ones are the who present the enjoy 43 miles to 150 Up peoof life. many Too out most 49 the miles to 300 150

300 to 600 miles - -59 ple are putting off until tomorrow miles 1000 600 to 73 the enjoyment of living which exists miles - - -88 to 1400 1000 1400 to 1800 miles 1-06 only in the today.

Over 1800 miles 1-23 5. Do Things for Each Other.

As husbands, wives, and children

direction of practiDeseret News Press learnthey moveto doin thingsthe for each other,

THE WEST'S FINEST PRINTERS AND BINDERS cal spirituality and mature living.

31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Particularly in times of uncertainty is this important. Giving benefits both

the giver and the receiver as well as strengthens the bond between them.

As outgoing love and service replace specially for your selflove in the family relationship, serenity and peace of mind tend to E increase—regardless of distracting

conditions.

By way of summary, world conditions are uncertain and cause worry and concern for those contemplating marriage, as well as for those in established families. Nevertheless, history reflects that all generations have faced uncertainties and

have successfully weathered perilous times. The important thing is for

young people intelligently to consider their own readiness for marriage before "tying the knot."All

who are married may reduce worry iffe* and uncertainty through daily living focused on the welfare of others. Tenin melt away fear, and worry menu* sion,

special souven, love, understanding, of faith, the face * -M; sPec.oJ cment(.en and service in family living.

COFFEE The Journey (Continued from page 90) SHOP there was the time I was sick. I

Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Manager didn't work for a year. Never a

word of blame."

They dipped into a shallow de- -to buy yeast?pression. Greg noticed that the A new way

other's face had fallen into tired lines, and his thoughts turned to his own troubles. But he couldn't concenyes,iliree in a shrip,

trate on them. Granddad's—Grandfather's words had stirred something. -handier and thriftier!''

He hadn't realized he had had such a hard time. Oh, he'd heard about

those things. His own dad was always telling about how hard he had

to work and how little he had to spend. He, Greg, had just taken

that for old folk's talk. He hadn't

connected it with actual.living, and

come to think of it he'd heard Grandmother had lost two children in one night with diphtheria. There hadn't

been a doctor in the valley then. Jtjsum,

Rugged! That one week when little IfUISCHHSnjFlIISCHMAIIIlS 1 FUlSCHpg:

Pudge had been ill with pneumonia [3wSj*filf>jS*p'p had aged him forty years. He sent a sJv'v'vwiJ -Llp/vv'

quick glance at his grandfather.

"What started the fire, Grandfather?"

The old man wasslow to answer. Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast

He actually had a silly grin on hisface, Greg thought. in New "Thrifty Three's"

it's fresher guaranteed and faster get the yeast money, tree I was old stump Now—save an hadI—I"Well, I sort of hate to tell you.

rising back. or double on! your money cooks depend prize -winning to of, I decided rid to gettrying and

burn it. I reckon I had more than Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast When you bake at home, use

my share of cussedness them days. keeps for months on your shelf—Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

It wouldn't split, and I was deterliiillllliiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiimimimmiimmmiimiiiiim inn mil null iiiiiuiiiiiiillliiu.

THE MISSIONARY, FOR there was a stiff mottooemined—and—and STAKE OR MISSION blowing."wind. FOLDING IN

"Yowee! Did Grandmother ever BANQUET TWO BOOKS

it you?"up tothrow

afterward. not "No, I remember TABLES Especially"THE A.writtenB. C.withOFthe MORMONISM"missionary in mind

at the time she called me a dumb ox Direct Prices & and and said to go ahead."He stopped Discounts to "THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S

abruptly. He did not want Greg to Churches, Schools, MESSAGE"

think his grandmother made a habit and all Institutions by AUBREY J. PARKER

of saying such things. But Greg was (Onetime Methodist Minister)

cloth gold in green and—Beautifully died laughter chuckling. down The size for pocket popular in the back hard—bound

each, $1.00 for to Sent convenience. you greater again. roseand

in world. the anywhere postpaid, TRUCKS MONROEsvinn,; set your back on that a*?'guess you "I T p J. Parker Elder Aubrey Address u;iy"Tit'lrs Chir-;[ruck thi <uv,-

Carrillo EachnniiConstrue modernFoldingtables 616 on West handles V"-'-..;>'"calling a pins. her you Imagine storags chairs.permits No. <'n < TSCor California Barbara, Santa Storage TrortSPOrf citherTruckspact l,m,ted imiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiini No. mi muni Truck m of sort It huox. her makesdumb inquiries the to their Units 7Smay direct Church

47 East Department, Purchasingman."He chuckled again. Church

City 1, Utah. South Temple, Salt Lake

sheepishly. Senior, grinned Greg,

MCWU> THE COMPANY It but anything had been funny at 249 STREET. COLFAX. IOWA DRINK CHURCH

the time, but he liked the laughter.

You never can tell, he thought, just fic<3 A delightful for those hot beverage to through break word is goingwhat spiritual, faithpro- A strongly coffee. drink don't who stage resistance, or at that what book. of moting

GROCERS AT YOUR the journey.

old engine the pushing was Greg all it take. in "In The Jfnbreakable... moulded once Every for would

Lightglass.,: look like to

raise to stop a while and he had free. Econoise weight, the Gospel Net"

height. Standard nomical. its innards, tinker with andhood

and occasionally he broke into fresh By Dr. John A. Widtsoe OrderSPECIALfrom yourOFFERdealer.

chuckles. They were approaching the Mail $1.00 for trial lot of

end'of their journey. The road ran = At all bookstores $1.75 1 one dozen sent postpaid.

(Continued on following page) 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

FEBRUARY 1955 125 The Journey

{Continued \rom preceding page) in gentle dips, and each summit opened a wider vista. Perhaps, Greg

of succession that thought, Liberty Ward is life—a

Ogden Stake with enough downs and shallow ups 29, 1954 November

Bishop D. Dredge Thomas frightening depths and heartlifting Malad, Idaho

Bishop Dear Thomas:

I the Dunkley Music Store of Ogden today and Mr. Dunkley asked me to heights to keep the way from being was in

write you a note commenting on how we like the Allen Electronic Organ for our monotonous, and always the end

Liberty Ward.

the S-10, the Paradise as in Model the Allen Organ Ward, same purchased shadowed from view. This business We

in nicest outside organ the state, the of the large last and I think we have March pipe organs. of the end

several demonstrations of other organ makes that time we had had At and we "One more dip, Grandfather, and the Allen. another organ until buying contemplating seriously we heard were

those on our comments new organ. Among many wonderful had have We have then it is straightaway until we enter council. president of our stake and high favorable comments They highly the been

sat have I will inrecommendour audiencethe andAllentrulyto anymarvelledward inatthetheChurch.wonderfulAt tone.the time we thought the valley."

that we could not go that high in price, but now we are surely glad we did. "And that,"the old man said, "is Sincerely,

Former(s) LYLEBishopJ. CHARDLiberty Ward the longest of all, the stretch you have

Allen Organs recently installed or approved in Malad 1st Ward. Malad Idaho; to travel alone."

Park Valley, Utah; Valley Ward, Park Utah; Lewiston, Lewiston Bloomington 2nd Ward,

1st, 3rd, 2nd, Grove Pioneer Idaho; Poplar Ward, Bloomington, and 4th Stake, Greg looked around. The old Wards,

Salt Lake City, Utah. man's mind must be wandering a

CHURCH APPROVED PRICES START AT $1960 little, or maybe, he was thinking of

Sarah. Come it—yes,

a of to think OGDEN DUNKLEYSALT LAKE CITY MUSICLOGAN CO.PROVO come to it—thethink memoriesof

man carried onto that last stretch, could mean about everything.

They went abruptly into the $35,000 swale. In spite of the grading the

of steep and much and deep, loped shadow. REWARD wayit waswasin A coyote

overthe road, across and aimlessly pinned between was head a buzzard Vi URANIUM earth and sky. Night was more than

Here's your chance to "cash in!"Over $2,500,000 a threat. As they pulled up into the

in Government Bonuses have been paid for light again, Greg, Senior, touched the discoveries in the Currently past 2 years. URANIUM

just to $150,000 a month is paid people like you. other's arm.

Counters Geiger and are "Let's look a minute."

finest instruments for prospectmade URANIUMScintillatorsProtection From Water Damage theing.Precision sensitive highly instruments These are compact, the key. The old Greg turned

Thompson's Water Seal locks out moisture from lightweightstart at $29.95.and ruggedly built for field use. Prices shoulders beside him straightened,

brick, concrete, stucco, surfaces—wood,porous canCONTACT NEAREST YOUR DEALER and the face shed its lines. The keen

etc. transparent, leaves It is deeppenetrating,vas, direct to factory or write

no film. Use brush, spray or mop. Helps lock for FREE 12PAGE CATAeyes searched eagerly for what lay

LOG, It to surface. walls,paint water. on sheds Use and ahead. URANIUMdescribingfloors, indoors, outdoors. foundations, Covers detectors. up Metal From that point the desert fell paint, gal. sq. ft. per buildingto At 400 hdwe,

qt., direct. stores, or 51.55 persupply $4.78 per them, Before behind. away and INC. RECISION RADIATION INSTRUMENTS,

E.gal., please.) ppd. C.O.D.s (No A. Thompson

IE So. La Brea, Los 2235 nestling mountain Angeles 16, California between two

Inc., 3.Co., Francisco Mart, Merchandise San VORID'S LARGEST MANUFACTURER PORTABLE INSTRUMENTS RADIATION OF ranges, was a valley smooth with

greening fields and rich in promise.

kk BANQUETMASTER"The cloud bank that, seen from the all TABLES desert FOLDING but a hope been day, had Your Bookclectler has.. for softly surely but wrapping was now Schools Churches

Cafes Private Homes that hope with a curtain of certainty.

"Rain,"Greg exploded. "Rain at

last."Beside him his grandfather Gospel spoke.

"Good. That means the desert is

really behind. Still, I have always Ideals enjoyed the desert."

"Banquetmaster"Compare with any table ity and price tablesmadefor inqualthe Selections from the Greg grinned. "You are plenty

description, full nation. For prices, etc., Discourses of sharp. Don't tell me you hadn't fill in the mail today. coupon and

planned this when you insisted on

D. H. LOOSL1 COMPANY, INC. PRESIDENT coming."Falls, Idaho Idaho

full information Please send to tables quetmaster"on your "BanDAVID O. McKAY "This?"The old eyes were wide

with innocence, then the innocence

Name turned to mischief. "Yes, I see what

Address $4.00 you mean. In a way I planned it.

( City State You see,"he hesitated, then with a 126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gnarled knuckle he rubbed the line of his chin as the boy had done at the beginning of the journey, "you see—ever strike you, I mean, how There is a Difference in Bread

much the same they are?"

the the—"then "Why sudden Table Queen is softened. eyes glints in Greg'sangry Also Enriched

He squinted at his grandfather, then Rich in Milk with Vitamins at himself in the rearview mirror. Each pound contains and IronHe rubbed his chin. Presently he the nonfat solids of

laid his arms across the wheel and searched the wide vista as if it belonged to him alone. His eyes sought 7 OUNCES OF MILK

the clouds again. If he didn't get a

move on, they were going to be this gives you the * * caught in the storm. Still—

"Tell me one more thing, Grandfather,"he said. "Tell me how you

got Grandmother back. How did you calcium in milk.

back down? What did you say?"

Greg, Senior, considered. The jaw Fresh at

ROYAL BAKING COMPANY your grocer'swas still there, but that was the Salt Lake City Ogden leather showing.

"Say? Why I just went after her.

We were so glad to see each other we didn't need words."ENROLL AT

hard, Greg swallowed then he reDo you want YOUR CHURCH SCHOOL laxed key. the reached for and

L. COLLEGE S. D. BUSINESS

L.D.S. Busilate to enroll at the "You are a wise old man,"he said, to make It's too not

can Quarter. You hat. for Winter hold "and your College ness now We

at L.D.S. learn more you earn more when

fast; of going but an home, Pauline advantage and the enjoy only you money do are more Not

- - minute to - the faculty and up outstanding better set."the table have had assolearn and you but equipment, business

seek students who friendlier L.D.S. in ciate with 1955? at only offered environment pleasant this \

Fare for February L.D.S.Clip thisBusinesscoupon College.for more information about

classes and costs.

(Concluded from page 116)

Peaches on French Toast BUSKS COLLEGE

White Sauce of Brigham Young University tablespoons 3 butter 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY tablespoons flour 2 1 cup milk 70L.D.S.NorthBUSINESSMain, SaltCOLLEGELake City,OF UtahB.Y.U.

Salt to taste Please send me further information a bout the L.D.S. Business College.

I would like to know:

French Toast

Beat whole egg. Dip slice in egg and

fry to golden brown on both sides. Name

Address Place slice of a half peach French on

City State, toast. serve. Cover sauce white with and

Sister Anderson is presently a member of the Primary general board and a IN USE lor SEVENTYFIVE YEARS OFFER... of the of trustees the of board WE member simple of Canker, in treatment Aids COMPLETE A to Prior Hospital. Children's Primary

throat mouth minor SERVICE sore and other ENGRAVING of ward a president that was irritations. Portraits to the Largest Missionary and throat From stake in a counselor a and Y A Catalogues. W MsheI

Mutual presidency. She has also been Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

a member, board School stake a Sunday CO. ENGRAVING REMEDY UTAH HALLS

teacher, and executive and Primary St. City, Utah City, Utah Salt Lake Salt Lake a 113 Regent

religion class principal. niw*-L)n-(m

Brother and Sister Anderson spend the spare time in of their much FOR HEADQUARTERS YOU M-M-M-BOY! L.D.S. f summer

of consisting an orchard, farm, on their NEVADA IN LAS VEGAS, fc SAID A MOUTHFUL! j

garden. a vegetable and shade trees,

faithYE KINGS REST MOTEL has been a Anderson, Brother who STREET 5TH SOUTH TIME JOLLY his life, is ful worker all Church B. Foutz, a Dr.526 Harold POP CORN (Maurice Anbusinessman successful H. Foutz, Owner \&> Manager Edgar

derson Men's Shop). Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout St* Super fating!

FEBRUARY 1955 127 WburPdi

i

MAGNA WARD HOMECOMING PROGRAM

A Magna Ward homecoming program was recently presented by the Junior M Men and Junior Gleaners. Bishops, except

one who had died, were in attendance and were honored by the reading of a brief resume of the advancement of the ward during each of their administrations. Their counselors were honored, also. Magna, now part of Oquirrh Stake, was organized as a branch in 1913

and became a ward in 1916. It was recently made into two wards. The program was arranged by Rhoda Mitchell, Junior Gleaner

teacher, and the two speech directors, Merral Bolton and Elinor Coon.

Wonju, Korea Denver, Colorado Dear Editors: Dear Editor:

closed is my renewal, and I would like to say that I certainly,ou may like to know how much one of your readers liked the clean, this to receive upstanding look forward each month tree trees beautiful this I love so of the Era. September \ cover

to us GI's occupy in Korea It surely helps magazine.r is features of the I enjoy delighted our time group me. also one The poetry

with good, clean and interesting reading. Being so far away from in the Era, so "Poplars,"by Pansye Powell [p. 619] was to me a

the headquarters of the Church, it is a good aid to keep us most commendable piece of writing. It recalled to me the first

on the right track and also is very efficient in expounding all this trip west for me. Traveling north from across Colorado to Ogden,

"Good News,"or in other words the gospel of Jesus Christ all I was especially impressed by the great use of poplar trees. I like

over the earth. poplars and to see them in rows, groups, corners, etc., was a real

/s/ Cpl. Gordon E. Drake feast to my soul. Small wonder then that the poem, "Poplars,"

appealed to me.

c/o P.M. San Francisco L. AnotherEvans'Sundaything I talks.appreciateI shallin thebe Erawatchingis the forreprintsthe copyof Richardof his

Editors: Dear I to last of subscription talk though Sunday, have even renew my

to to to able is big help inspiration a be and an certainly me it. to get

all of to the wonderful partake regularly It receive the and Era

I all of in features the the As are enjoy Era. by no means These

I it Authorities see are the General that things imparts. can why

I interest inspiration read the with and much nonMormon, a see that every should that so the quorums wards and anxious to Authorities. ministers articles have and your They much by

I it. policy is this one endorse certainly receiving serviceman

I inspiration. like spiritual not should in help to miss give and all bless of the in percent. our Father Era heaven hundred May of David messages O. McKay. wonderful the this of magazine. wonderful staff production the in continued

Sincerely Gratefully yours, /s/ Cpl. Paul R. Peel /s/ Mrs. Daniel E. Adler

East Mill Creek Stake MIA held a music festival recently featuring quartets, trios, and double trios. Participants were the Bee

Hive Girls, Mia Maids, Scouts, and Explorers of the Rosecrest, Highland View West, Canyon Rim, East Mill Creek, and East Mill Creek

Second wards. The winning group was the girls'trio from East Mill Creek. Canyon Rim mixed, and East Mill Creek mixed tied for

second. The festival was planned by a committee consisting of one young person from each ward in the stake. The festival was

under the direction of Mrs. Winnie Erickson, YWMIA stake music director. The photograph is by Paul Swensen of the YMMIA

stake superintendency.

mm

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

-for Ange\ ahd you...

bathroom -tissue -that Is -facial -tissue IPS

C3f

Chiffon Tissue is actually facial

tissue in rolls for bathroom use!

And because it is a twinply

facial tissue it's doublesoft.

So very, very gentle.

Bathroom tissue ro//s in these 5 soft co/ors.

New wetstrength white facia/ tissues in boxes. -Jgj'* sSfc

C5 Crown Zellerboch Corporation Ec"e/ieM'm # ww When Beneficial Life was founded, near the turn of the century, the empirebuilding engineers had already bound the West to the East with iron rails, and were spanning gorges and tunneling mountains to Our General Agents bring American cities still closer together. The West was built by

stalwart men... willing to endure hardships for the growth and

Clayton, David W.

progress they could envision. Billings, Montana,

The West was also built with dollars... including Beneficial heads Beneficial

Life dollars. Since 1905, Beneficial has financed countless thousands Life's newest Genof homes and important commercial, civic and industrial enterprises. eralganizedAgencylate (orin

From the $754,500 worth of insurance written the first year, Beneficial 1952) which serves

Life has grown with the West until it now has over 300 million dollars alltana.of Central Monworth of life insurance in force... a consistent, sound growth over

fifty Beneficial years. Verd W. Edwards,

Spokane, Washington, heads the agency which has been serving EastBENEFICIAL LIFE ern Washington and Northern Idaho

cial Life are agents in 'mumme owpanu locatedsince 1947. BenefiSpokane,

Washington and David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City, Utah 4r. CoeurIdaho. d* Alene,