k

. pi?

JULY, 1935 Return Postage Guaranteed SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 5>?u Reading maketh a fullman RANCIS BACON made that statement three hundred years ago

HirHi when books were young and few. What would he say today?

The Sage would likely make the statement that in a land of so

L*l many magazines and books of various kinds a reader must choose carefully or find himself "full"of the wrong commodity.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SUPPLIES THE FAMILY WITH

CHOICE READING IN A WIDE FIELD. It is designed to increase

spirituality in the reader and aims to give every member of the family something worth while to read.

During the Coming Months It Will Carry To Its Readers Some Splendid

Articles and Stories. No Home, Especially Latterday Saint Home,

Can Afford To Be Without It

Articles of the immediate future will include: "Plans and Objectives,"by

Albert E. Bowen, general superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A., in which

Superintendent Bowen points the way to better M. I. A. work; an article

about Governor Henry H. Blood in which the author gives intimate glimpses

of the man who sits in the Governor's chair in Utah; "Christ on Postage

—boyStamps,"anda man—onmost interestingpostagearticlestamps;reviewing"FatherstheanduseSons,"of the anotherMaster'sofpicturethose

stimulating articles by Earl J. Glade, manager of KSL; "The Articles of

Faith,"another of the series now being prepared by Dr. John A. Widtsoe;

a complete story of the Silver Jubilee, Boy Scouts of America, by the Era's own reporter; a memorial to Samuel P. Cowley; and many other things

which no one can afford to miss.

In addition there will be the regular number of stories and poems, all fully

illustrated.

Remember Your Subscription Now Counts

On Your Ward, Stake, or Mission Quota

Address Your Subscription Letter To

The Improvement Era 50 North Main Street Salt Lake City, Utah

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

,IKJft '.

WJi v

gsa

tvjy

f. /*

The Covered Wagon y C. AT. Lund

AtttirirmtifcaT INTO the West the covered wagon went

In quest of all humanity had dreamed.

Across uncharted wilds it stately rolled tfyt Jteople of And pushed to sunset seas the last frontier,—% A modern Argo sailing desert sands

3lmtpb States, ttt Wthtt to And searching for a harvest fleece of gold;

A guiding Salus cleaving the unknown form a more pnfnt Hutou, And bravely fronting Time's new burst of daws.

Btabltfilj 3lu0tt*rMu0urr froItThewasundefileda bearer Americanof the covenant,ideal.

mtBtxt rauqutlttg, promto AndIt carriedlightedfreedomcivilization'sacross theholynewfires.world

It was a lone voice crying a New Day for tfj? common S?fro0?, To sterile wastes of sage and savage men.

promote tiff grnrral UfITheIt wasforegleama herald ofof thegreatempirethingsoftothecome,West.

fare, anfc aprur? ilj? BtesIt was torchbearer to the wilderness,

And it carved new stars for a stainless flag.

ingB of IGtbertg to ourIt lifted high the beaconlight of hope

For common men with common purposes.

0?lm>0 anfr our fo0tmtjj,o UnlockerIt was a lifegiverof the secretsto theof parchedthe hills.plains,

straight to the Golden Gate furrows It plowed faith. for a nation's anchors wrought neworimitt ani> tBtMw tJjts And

(!Iou0fUuttott for t\\t Muttri It showered the prairies with deathless dreams

And mountaintops with prophecy fulfilled.g>tat?0 of Ammra."Its Midas touch brought gold from seams and sands

And forged the key for peoples yet unborn.

It was the Ark of plodding pioneers,

A shrine for Argonauts of destiny,

A cradle rocking with creative life,

Pilgrim of dust and migrant of the stars.

A nursling of the storms that make the oak 'Twas forbear of the wonder things to be,

A poem of man's passion to be free

And high desire to make great dreams come true.

In museums of the ages shrined should be

The covered wagon of heroic days

Whose onward sweep brought man into his own,

And on whose pathway God was marching on

"SPRING GREEN,"BY OLAF MOLLER "SPRING GREEN"r\LAF MOLLER, painter of the exquisite picture Since 1930 the artist has been painting in the West:

presented here, lives in Rupert, Idaho. He was particularly in the Jackson Hole country of Wyoming.

born in Copenhagen, Denmark, May 21, 1903, but While in the East studying he carved and designed came to New York City at the age of four months and, picture frames and has furnished frames for some of later, with his parents, moved to Salt Lake City, the leading artists of America.

where he attended the city schools. From Salt Lake Mr. Moller expects to spend this summer painting

states. typical scene at a high elevation City the family moved to Boise, Idaho, and later Olaf in "Springthe New Green"Englandis a went to Rupert, Idaho, to make his home. in the West. The tender green, verging on to yellow

Mr. Moller has studied at the Pennsylvania Acadlends to the painting a delightful freshness that makes

emy of Fine Art and with a number of prominent it one of the most charming paintings in the recent private teachers including N. C. Wyeth, George Hardexhibition of national art at the Springville High

ing, Philip Hale, and John Harkeson. His paintings School. It is the sort of picture one can enjoy repeathave won a number of prizes including second prize edly, for it is a bit of the sunbrightened outof-doors

in the exhibit at the Academy. brought inside to refresh and stimulate.

sjhee<$mprovernentfera

EDITORIALS

Today I Have Seen Shadows E. T. B. 432

July 24—A Church Holiday H. R. M. 433

June Conference. 433

BeeHive House and Lion House Marked H. R. M. 433

Heber J. Grant

John A. Widtsoe Editors ARTICLES

Harrison R. Merrill, Frontispiece 402

Brandley, Elsie Talmage Editors The Articles of Faith Dr. John A. Widtsoe 404 Associate

From England to Salt Lake Valley in 1867 Ruth May Fox 406 the Priesthood QuoOrgan of The Latterday Saint Institutes J. Wyley Sessions 412 rums, Improvement Mutual

Associations and Department The Word of Wisdom from the Standpoint of Science.—P. K. Edmunds, M. D. 418

of Education A Builder of Boys and Girls George S. Dibble 420

George Q. Morris, General Mgr. The Abundant Life Nephi Jensen 422

Clarissa Associate A. Beesley, Mgr. The Covered Wagon Crosses the Sea 423 K. OrtQn, Business Mgr. J.

EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL I Came to Zion Frank C. Robertson 426 OFFICES:

SO North Main Street, Salt Lake That Wrappedin-Cellophane Look: Virginia Cannon Nelson 428

City, Utah The Challenge of Charm.Katie C. Jensen 434

Copyright, Mutual Improvement1932, by the YoungAssociationMen's Jane Addams—World Citizen Mary Beetey 436

Corporation of Jesus of the Church - 440

Saints. All Are You a Pacifist? Christ of Latterday

rights reserved. Subscription Basketball Les Goates 443 Tournament Great price, The M Men

$2.00 year, in a 20c Single advance;

, 445 Championships Vanball Fourth Annual Copy.

Entered at the Post Office, Salt

Lake City, Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for FICTION

in section 1103, Act of October, 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Satisfactorily Serviceable Irene Dunlap 410

One Month on Approval Ann Andrews 416

A Romance of Two Cities (A Serial) Dorothy Clapp Robinson 424

July—A. Month of Pioneer George A. Muir 430

Rededication POETRY C. 401 N. Lund The Covered Wagon to of July an American monthTHE, Grace Kaye 430 is rededication to Memories of a month Mormon

his country and to his Church. To MorWorth Lalia Mitchell Thornton 431

mons living under other flags, it is a month Not Alone Margaret Jane Cole 431 of rededication to the Church, only,"but Tradition T Edgar Daniel Kramer 431 of nathat the brotherhood hopewe friendliness thattions such will develop we Prayer for the Bridegroom Alberta H. Christensen 431

of one nation may celebrate the birthday Companioned Vesfa Pierce Crawford 431 of another in perfect good will praying Lamplighter Florence Hartman Townsend 431 that all may grow stronger in righteousLast Straw Ardyth Kennelly 431 ness. Sabbath Margaret Wheeler Ross 431

a this to sort of preamble As July numlines hereber quote a few from we "The Moroni Nephi Jensen 44 7

Exiles,"by Professor Alfred Osmond: Longing Lavenia B. Horsley 450

My Babies Mary B. Watkins 453

"Sing I not of myths and monsters, 'MillHand's'Vacation Alberta H. Christensen 463

But I sing of human beings....

"Sing I not of ancient legends,... DEPARTMENTS

No, I sing of men and women Priesthood 437 to adventure Melchizedek out meet moved Who - 438 Aaronic Priesthood prairies, deserts the and On the

In the valleys on the mountains... Ward Teachers'Message 440

Mutual Messages:

"If you love to read of hazards To Stake Superintendents and Presidents 441

In the struggle for existence... Flashes from the Fortieth Annual June ConferenceConvention 441

Read the stories of the exiles...."Your Page and Ours Inside Back Cover

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

of FaithThe Articles By This is the third in this series upon "The

Articles of Faith."Those who do not bind

DR. JOHN H. WIDTSOE their "Eras"might do well to clip these

A Member of the Council of the articles and keep them for future reference Twelve Apostles and study.

III. The Supremacy of the versions of truth appear to have Poets have sung of it, as the poet

Will succeeded in eliminating preex- Vaughan, in "The Retreat,"istence from early days, those when I most Christian phil- "Happy (Read the Second Article of Faith) of life. osophies infancy! angel Shined in my

Before this place I understood story, meaning, and race."ages thinkers second of all Appointed have for my con- "KANY

socalled theTHEsequences of the doctrines to accept been led in the Traherne, of words it 'Or often transgression of example, of preexistence. Adam, For

known as "The Fall,"can be read appears again and again in the phil- "How like an angel came I down!

all are bright here! things How in terms only understood and four hundred of Plato, of osophy

first I did appear His among works When origin nature of the man. and years before Christ.

their glory did crown! how me O

is eternal. is, he That Man his Eternity resembled world The

has existed from the dim beginIn which my soul did walk;

ning, and he will continue to exist ARTICLES OF FAITH And everything that I did see forever into the future. In the Of the Church of Jesus Christ Did with me talk."

Saints of Latterday revelation, language of modern poet, the later The lines from in believe the Eternal God, the beginning man was "in Son, in His Jesus are better with Father,1. We and Christ, Wordsworth, known,

God,"and also, "he. shall be from and2. inWethebelieveHoly thatGhost.men will be pun- "Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting;

their for ished not sins, and everlasting."In everlasting to own that soul rises with us, our life's Star, for The transgression. Adam's unit its setting, short, he is elsewhere an indestructible Hath had that, believe the atonethrough 8. We

all Christ, of mankind ment may afar from cometb be And universe, the immortality of whose to saved, the obedience laws by and in entire forgetfulness, Not of Gospel. the forordinances as past into the extends back

in utter not first nakedness, 4. believe principles that the And We future. into the ward are of Gospel ordinances the and trailing But of glory clouds do we come

; Christ:second,First, in the Faith Jesus Lord that implies a view Such is man, our God, home."From who; third, by Repentance Baptism immeras an intelligent being, lived before sion for the remission of sins; fourth,

he came upon earth, that is, that HolylayingGhost.on of Hands for the Gift of the Poets of other nations have likehe has a preexistent history; and called6. Weof God,believeby that"prophecy,a manandmustby thebe wise sung of man's preexistence.

that life on earth must have a defiinlayingauthorityon of tohands,"preachbythethoseGospelwho andare TwfAN was an intelligent being in nite connection with preexistent in the thereof. administer ordinances preexistent could the life. He believe organization in the same 6. We life. Indeed, preexistence act, existed and the that in primitive think, the church, gather knowledge, and

continuity of life, unbroken teachers,namely, evangelists,apostles, prophets,etc. pastors, as in this life. He possessed also

the generations throughout of gift in of tongues, the of fundamental most human prophecy,7. We believerevelation, visions, healing, that time, are settled doctrines of the interpretation etc. qualities, of a tongues, could he will, by which

restored gospel of the Lord Jesus of 8.God,We asbelievefar asthe itBibleis translatedto be the wordcoruse his powers, accept or reject,

Christ. also believe the we of Book Moror move upward Then downward. be of God. the word rectlymon

all believe that reintelligence, The preexistence of man is true a has God com- 9. Weto; as now,

really an old but forgotten docvealed,we believeall thatthat HeHe doeswill yetnowrevealreveal,manyand pound of knowledge and the proper trine. Jesus, the Christ, confirmed togreatthe andKingdomimportantof God.things pertaining use of knowledge, was conditioned

belief 10. the reader to believe the openeyed literal in the gathering will. use the We by By the righteous

Israel of and in restoration the of in the his exalted prayer, of words preexistent his will the of Tribes. man moved will Ten be built Zion That upon

this continent. will Christ reign That "And now, O Father, glorify personally earth, upon the the forward, throughout long ages of that and

will self earth its be with receive renewed Thine me and time. Thou own his will the same use of By

paradisiacal glory. glory with the which with I had lifted the he along upward, was the privilege claim worshipof 11. We

it Thee before the world was."If tatesing Almightyof our conscience,God accordingand toallowthe dicall path of progression. Perhaps

one person, however great, may men the same privilege, let them worship may be said that in the last analyhave had a preexistent life, all the how,12. whereWe believeor whatin theybeingmay.subject to sis man and his will are synonyhosts of men may have lived before trates,kings, presidents,in obeying, rulershonoringandandmagissus- mous.

they came taining law. the upon earth. Moreover, preexistent beings did not The

believe true, in being honest, 13. We it baffles to believe that inthought their wills alike. the Some, chaste, benevolent, by virtuous, douse and in

all men the admonition; indeed we ofmayPaulsay better use of their powers, protelligent man, who is the increasing ingthat goodwe followto

all forces, universal all things, of commander hope has we gressed "We rapidly others. more than

things,"endured have things, believewe many existence, but transient while inanThere was not a dead monotony able all to be hope and to endure things.

imate nature has persisted and will ofIf theregood reportis anythingor praiseworthy,virtuous, lovely,we seekor among the hosts of heaven. The

persist forever. It makes the servafter these things.—Joseph Smith. words of Abraham give a picture

vant greater than the master. Perof preexistent conditions.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

the me, unto Lord "Now, had shown to underlearned and Eve and Eve. made They by Adam A DAM

intelligences the that wereAbraham, act, gladly, for their their mission orperformed of that out standganized the before was; world and among

it control, intheir their part wills and under error were whatever onall these there the of were noble and many great ones; and God saw these souls that ready to obey the good plans of volved, great good would come.

they were good, and He stood in the midst the Father for His children. Note the words of Moses:

said,of will he them, and These I make transgression socalled of The rulers; blessed for in that and those stood day Godmy among He "And Adam subjected his that he was that Adam filled, spirits to conwere prophesy that began and and they was were saw He

good; and He said unto me: Abraham, deathless spirit to the conditions of cerning all the families of the earth saythou art one of them; thou wast chosen a body that must of necessity suffer ing: Blessed be the name of God, for

before thou wast born."death. But, this subjection was because of my transgression my eyes are

I life shall joy, in this have opened, and that in Father, God, the moved spirits indispensable, if the waiting shall I see flesh the in again God. and spiritpreexistent His world among secure desired experiences the should all these his things wife, Eve, heard And

led,children. taught, opened He it for glad, saying: not earth, the Were plan and was with in harmony on

the view to progress, even as man of the Lord. The breaking of the our transgression we never should have had

seed, should have never good and known earth Lord. is guided theon by spirit the bonds world with was

evil, the redemption, our of joy and and intelligent progress of being anThe its Sin in of the "Sin Adam."life giveth eternal the unto and which Godis accelerated help the of some by is larger all the breaking of the meaning obedient."

one superior in knowledge and a law. In this instance, however,

power, who knows the path and a lesser law was broken that a This conception frees Adam and its problems. Such a teacher was greater law might be fulfilled. This Eve from the charge that they by

the Father to preexistent man. happens often in daily life. A sin brought upon man the miseries

Plans and programs for advancebeautiful crystal is broken and of life. Let it be remembered that

ment were no doubt formulated melted so that the iron, copper, or every person who comes into the and presented by the Great Teacher silver which forms part of its comworld from the preexistent state, to his children. position may be obtained. To accepted the plan proposed by the

of Father, including mission the a save another, has person many preexistent, time""THE came when all Indeed, Eve. and men Adam a into rushed house, burning someprogressive profit could by man parties sense in that became to to his death. times the Through earthcareer experiences thean and in are "transgression,"and Adam's all "transgression"of manAdam, life. this forof temporal plan The as part praise or to to blame much placed has the been kind road uponpurpose, Father, the formulated by as himself. our was He Adam eternal progression, of thereby and all accepted been,was by have who agent. serious be can There no first blessed. parhave been Ourare, shall earth. or be upon Only talk, therefore, being punished of ents the to pain endure dared who fittedthose themselves had by who for transgression. Adam's initiating eternal the of plan muststeady progression, a of product

the will, were eligible for the earthbe rated as the great hero and herosin-adventure. Only those who willine of all time. The human race DESIDES, though Adam had

ingly, without compulsion, accepthas descended from worthy parned, his children should not be ed the plan were permitted to come ents. The obloquy which has been punished therefor. Such procedure

justiceupon earth. This throws a clear cast upon Adam and Eve has been would violate the love and

unjust and prompted Since, by ignorance of even in God. manmade earthlife. haslight upon Man plan. is courts, of the Gospel the criminal punished,earned the right upon to come

earth, and is here because he desired not his children; how much larger

to come. He may well look the would be the justice administered

world in the face proudly and unby a divine Judge! An attempt

flinchingly. He desired to come, to punish the innocent for the

and he had earned the right to come crimes of the guilty is abhorrent, upon earth. and belongs to evil or barbaric peoSomeone had to come on earth, ple and conditions. True it is, that

first. Among the assembled hosts, one man's fault may injure others.

Adam and Eve were chosen. If That is too evident in our manis anAbraham were among "the noble made society. But there

and great ones"we may be sure eternity of difference between sufthat our First Parents stood with fering for the mistakes of others the greatest in that hopeful throng. and being punished for the sins of

They must have conquered their others.

wills for mighty righteousness! It The essence of God's law, as of

was a part of the plan of salvation man's, is that he who breaks the (to be discussed in another article) law must suffer the consequences that the eternal, deathless spirit of of the violation committed. That

man should inhabit, on earth, a is the fundamental principle of the body subject to disease and death. plan of salvation. The plan has

Adam and Eve undertook to begin been laid out for all persons; its

the earthprogram for the waitmetes and bounds, its regulations ing spirits, and to subject their own and requirements, have been estabeternal earth spirits to conditions. R. H. Photo by M. lished. and obey They who know ANCIENT AN OF only doAs a shadow salvation; the plan they rise toward CITY MEXICO we underDECORATIONPYRAMIDON OUTTHE FROMCORNER

stand the details of the sacrifice thus (Continued on pftge 450) toFrom ENGLAND SALT

said and been has the By RUTH MAY FOX crossing MUCHwritten about great Plains, but not so much about crossing the ocean, Cross the plains with Ruth May Fox, President which in itself was a real adventure in 1867. of the General Board of the Young Women's Mutual

As far back as I can remember Improvement Association, and you will find that the a vision of plowing the turbulent great trek was not all sorrow even though it might be waters, walking hundreds of miles all hardship. In those days, the author had that priceover mountain and plain, and finally reaching Zion was conless possession—Youth—to hold her up and rob the

stantly before me. I was too young way of bad memories.

to think about trials and hardships, but I am quite sure that travel and romance were appealing to my na- "O Babylon, O Babylon, We bid thee "O Zion, when I think of Thee, a like dove; for pinions long farewell, ture. conversations The

I be should to that think going to moan We're the mountains of EphAndI the heard and songs my fatherI oftenand I love,"the land distant from to So dwell."raim

others used to sing no doubt served to glint my dream of glory. The stirred my childish emotions greatthrilled my soul with ecstacy.

following lines: ly. Again, the hymn Perhaps even more romantic was

the following love song:

sSK (The man) Will you come along with me, Bonnie Lassie O, Far away across the sea, Bonnie Lassie O.

Though the ocean's far and wide,

Never fear in wind nor tide I shall have thee by my side, Bonnie Lassie O.

(The woman) We've our business and our home,

Bonnie Laddie O, Then whither wouldst thee roam?

Bonnie Laddie O.

Does thy country thee not please

Or some sorrow vex and tease, Or thine heart is not at ease?

Bonnie Laddie O?

(The Man) Yonder temple rising high, Bonnie Lassie O;

With its towers in the sky, Bonnie Lassie O;

Where the Lord hath said He'll bless Those that in humbleness Unto its porches press, Bonnie Lassie O.

(The Woman) Then I'll go along with thee, Bonnie Laddie O;

You've been always true to me,

Bonnie Laddie O.

So I'll not forsake thee now But to God's command we'll bow

And the wave we'll gladly plow,

Bonnie Laddie O.

WHATEVER the reason, when the time came for our departure, I was in the seventh heaven. The lady who was to be

my stepmother, and her daughter

RUTH MAY FOX

in 1867LAKE VALLEY

course, we were free I wish I were whoam! I wish I who was about my own age—and concerned. Of

myself left our home under cover to sit or walk, even lie down on the were whoam! I canna tarry here!

of darkness to avoid the curiosity deck if we were fortunate enough I canna tarry here!"Whereupon

of the neighbors. Could anything to be able to make the climb, so no her husband shouted: "Owd thee

be more thrilling? After a walk of dissatisfaction was voiced by our noise with thee; how canst thee be

four or five miles under the stars little family, we got what we paid whoam when thees in th'middle of we boarded the train to Liverpool. for. It happened that an old genth'ocean!"

Arriving there, some necessities, tleman from Lancashire and his The old ship rolled and tossed, peculiar to steerage passengers, had wife occupied berths next to ours. but I have no recollection of being

to be purchased and then came the They were going to join their son afraid. We had brought a bottle

novelty of climbing into a great in that Mecca of freedom and opof bitters with us which happened steamship. To stand on a floating portunity to which so many hopeto be under my pillow, so to avoid

city and gradually pull away from ful hearts turned to escape some of seasickness I occasionally took a the wharf with hundreds of people the miseries of the Old World. swig at the bottle. But fear—

waving their hats or handkerchiefs had none. We were Mormons,

in a fond adieu and hearty "GodTwfAN fashion, this passenger was our family at least, going to Zion, speed you,"is an event never to be very much interested in his and no ship would think of going forgotten. meals and every day for at least down with such a precious cargo.

We had secured berths in the After one gets over the usual steerage which meant that we must sickness there are many pleasant

v$. TIEL0FNC K.5fniT*t+--

descend through a trap door to our OUR ARTIST'S CONCEPTION OF THE "LOUISIANA"occasions to be enjoyed on board a quarters below deck. The sleeping ship. One makes friends and acaccommodations consisted of a half an hour before the soup was quaintances, takes walks with them

large shelf or platform on either served, he would entertain himself from end to end of the vessel if it side of the vessel which, by means and annoy the rest of us by hambe possible to keep one's equiof boards, could be divided into mering his hardtack into little bits librium. And then the wonder of

spaces just large enough to accomso that it would eventually absorb it all! The vast expanse of water,

modate one person. If a family sufficient soup to make its passage the mystery of the starry sky, waves

preferred to sleep closer together down the esophagus more easily. rolling mountains high and splashthe boards could be removed, thus Everybody used to have a storm ing over onto the deck, while pasgiving more room and perhaps at sea. Indeed, what would a sea sengers scrambled to avoid a wetmore comfort, if comfort could be voyage be without one? So one ting, and then to have a great calm

thought of under such conditions. night we had ours, which meant when the water is so still that not

As I remember, there was absothat steerage passengers were locked a ripple breaks on its surface and lutely no privacy, no provision even down and told to be comfortable, the great craft appears to be sailing to hang up a pair of hose for proeverything would be all right. This on a sea of glass and three long

tection from the eyes of the curious. same old gentleman resented this weeks are almost ended. What's

On the same level were great long kind of treatment and paced the that we hear? Oh Joy, "Land in

tables where we sat to eat our floor frantically, declaring that sight!"

meals, the usual menu being soup, "somebody ought to be up on rice, hardtack, and sour biscuits. deck."Meanwhile, his good wife T\JOW for thrills! Everybody

This, then, was to be our abode so sat up in her berth swaying to and must see land, and joyously far as eating and sleeping were fro crying out, "I canna tarry here! watch the vessel going nearer and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 >-

nearer to the shore. But things outfitting place for those who were the floor, and with gratitude let me

must be gathered up and packed. going West. It took us nine days say, we could hang up a protection

Trunks must be brought up from to reach our destination. Emifrom wandering eyes. My father,

the hold. Goodbyes must be grant trains did not travel very after deducting other expenses,

spoken. Everybody is busy and fast in those days; then, too, they found that he had only money

excited, each vieing with the other were switched off on every possible enough to buy one yoke of cattle in seeing who shall leave the old occasion. We had to change trains and two yoke were necessary to

ship first. At last we are landed at Niagara Falls and to our delight pull the heavily loaded wagons

at Castle Gardens and there we had a few hours'stay near that across the rough way.

must stay until friends or relatives aweinspiring torrent which is forlearn that the "Louisiana"is in ever dashing over the brink to the TT so happened that a certain port. Meanwhile, a dozen officers foaming depths below. brother had a wagon and one

are opening trunks, sometimes One night we spent on a cattle yoke of cattle, so the bargain was turning the contents out to be sure boat sailing up the Missouri River. made that father join his cattle to

that no smuggling is in evidence, The cattle, judging from their belthis outfit and drive all the way for while others are O. K'd. without lowing, seemed not to enjoy our his share in the wagon. The owner

opening them. All but one of our company any better than we enof the outfit had a wife and seven

trunks were thus passed. joyed theirs. children. Our little family conIt was late evening and quite Arriving at North Platte, which sisted of five, as father was bringing

dark save for the lamplight when was then a little railroad town, we a little girl across the plains to join through the crowd I heard my found that the company would be her relatives in Salt Lake City. So

father say, "There she is. Bless delayed one month. This situation you see there were fourteen perher dear little face."was a serious one: every day meant sons with all their worldly possesWe immediately boarded a train loss of time and means. Several sions in that one wagon. The ownfor Manayunk, a manufacturing excuses were given for the delay. ers of the wagon used it for a sleeptown a few miles out of PhiladelOne was that some of the brethren ing apartment and my father

phia, where father had provided were in the east on business. They bought a small tent, just large

five for the of us enough to lie down preceded detained, hadrooms been return us had must and for us—he side in like side sardines in a byfive there the marthis to the Valley with company. months—and can. unstrapped every This we settledriage and knot was tied we the that Indians Another was had

down to family life. My new burned a trainload of provisions night and fastened again to the

sister and I, though not yet twelve and more supplies must be purwagon each morning.

these Imagine can if you wouldfor Still small I was chased. that here another my was old—and drivers, perhaps, had, be never who mill in a cotton cattle grazing the to work was fine and mustage—wentyears steer seen before, a Texas go place sure, startwhich, was no condition. out in good I am

for good girls. Meanwhile, there we were with through the procedure for the first

However, we soon moved to our trunks and traps. The full time of yoking their cattle. Truly

Philadelphia and found employquota of wagons had not yet been no rodeo could match the scene.

ment, most of the time with fampurchased and the housing of men, The men had to be instructed in ilies. My wage was a dollar a week women, and children was a real this art and some did not learn

and board. Thus we began to save problem. Finally the railroad peovery quickly. The same was true

and prepare for the journey to the ple tendered us the use of a great of the use of firearms. Every man

Valley. barn of a building which happened was supposed to have his own gun

to be empty, and here we set up and ammunition though he had

TN July, 1867, we started for some kind of housekeeping for the never fired a shot in his life.

North Platte, which was then the coming weeks. Indeed there were many things

terminal of the railroad and the At night we made our beds on for an immigrant to learn. He

must be willing to understand and accept the discipline of the camp, become used to having his flour, potatoes and bacon measured out to him each day according to the number in his family.

"THE captain of a company must be a real dictator. What he

says must go. One crack of his

or his assistant's whip on the tent or wagon cover meant "Get up quickly!"which we did and made

hurried preparations to start. So

now everything is in readiness, the commandwagons—fiftyis givenof themand belongingour sixty to Scandinavian Saints—are on the

way, and we could sing:

Merrill, Melvin, Marilyn and Maxfield Taylor and Mary GreatGrand-Triplets—children of Grant W.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

'WESTWARD, HO"

"We've left the realms of Babylon and crossed the seas; mighty we were eating and offer to barter

left the old good We've ship where we walked about at ease. trinkets for food. So, Gee up! my lads, Gee whoa!

And now's the time for starting boys, One day we had an Indian scare. Push on my lads, Heigh Ho!

a life can lead like we none For there's if please. We'll jog on you a few he thought saw Someone

do."merry Mormons lads, gee up; Gee So Push whoa! my far Inctians the hills away. not on

lads, Heigh on Ho! my out take to ordered was man there's lead a life like can none For onehalf we Every not completed had "\A7"E

his left carry it on gun and merry Mormons do."his disjourney, of we our when his drove, with shoulder as he camp, shortness of food in a covered too, proved right This, hand. birth an one Other than and

it a government that happened to but alarm. I think a false be there wasaccidental bullet death when by a

I Fort post, think it named was in Ocdancing company. our sagehens, no our were shootingmen evacuate. to ordered Platte, been had evecalled to casionally were to across plainsjourney we the seems supable some were to buy So we of tune prayer the ning with perilous rather "Do lacking in beenhave soldiers. plies the from a played from is Right,"interadventure but always was What the to accustomed to be has One

the of Brother in bugleesting. hands before air atmosphere western and

We camped once more where Stephen Hales. he really can have any idea of disthere were trees and water. I do The Platte is a very winding tances. In our camp was a man

not remember the name of the river so we crossed it many times named San Givans who had crossplace, but I do remember this inwithout much inconvenience, as the ed the plains many times. Walkcident: It was quite late at night Scandinavian brothers would take ing along by his side one day as

when one of the brethren thought us girls on their backs and carry we were coming in view of Scot's he could hear someone stealthily us across the stream. Sometimes Bluffs, I asked how long before

moving among the bushes. You the distance traveled would be only we would reach them. His anmust know that everyone was a eight miles a day because of heavy swer was, "Oh, two or three

little watchful of Indians. So this sandy roads. One night we hours."But to my astonishment

brother took out his pistol and pitched our tent in this sand when it took us one day and a half bethree times he gave the warning, lo the wind blew and the rain fore we passed through the open- "Speak or I'll shoot! Speak or I'll descended and beat upon that tent ings between those bluffs.

shoot! Speak or I'll shoot!"and and great was the fall thereof. Fort Laramie was another place

then off went the gun. This, howMother was hurried to the wagon where some needed supplies could

ever, caused some merriment as it of a friend and we girls held up be bought, and oh, what a joy itwas discovered later—that it was the tent while father tried to drive was when we discovered wild bermerely the wind playing with the in the pins, which was an almost ries and ground cherries growing

task. situationleaves. hopeless This into gave there! we were getting Now

for the us sympathy man of Bible region, Mountain the RockyAFTER we left civilization the fame, but after all, situations are I remember that once at least andwe first place we came to was just the way you take them. If had to descend a hill so steep the

Julesburg, which was nothing more we had thought shower baths incattle had to be unhooked and the stead rain running of cold down it least at a tradingthan post but and by ropes wagons let down

, the occasion our backs and arms the jourthebroke of monotony and Chimney manpower. Rock

ney. would have been a delightful one. Independence Rock had both conOne of the diversions of the However, as we trudged along the tributed to our recreational activity

plains was picking up buffalo chips next day we sang lustily: but no one but those who have

for fuel. This task fell to the "We may get wet a little when we have a walked over prairies and deserts

women and girls who wore aprons shower of rain, for days, where water is so scarce in which to gather and carry them. The heat may skin our noses, but they'll that the creeks were reduced to little

Once in a while a few Indians And whensoon getwe thinkwell again.of Zion's land, we'll puddles of alkali water, can imagine

would come into camp when forget the wet and pain (Continued on page 450

Mother, it simply must"OHbe chiffon."

Janice's big blue eyes pleaded as eloquently at twenty as they had when she was a chubby child of three, and worked as much havoc with Mrs. Staitman's kind, motherly heart.

It is hard to refuse an only child anything, especially when one is a. widow and one's every thought of

every waking hour is for that child.

In this particular instance, however, Mrs. Staitman resolutely banished the pleading of the blue eyes

and assumed her most forbidding air. "Chiffon isn't serviceable, Janice. Now a nice crisp organdie

could be worn dozens of times and still launder to look like new."

"Oh, Mother!"

Janice's voice was bleak with protest, "Who ever heard of a wedding dress being serviceable!"SATISFACTORILY

Affectionately, she resorted to her littlegirl tactics. for Bill, Mom. I want to just Slipping onto her mother's ample take his breath away."By IRENE

lap and twining white arms about A tremulous smile played around her plump neck, she continued the the older woman's mouth and tears argument. She could almost see of happy remembrance that dated You know how I've had my heart

the maternal defenses fast crumback some twentytwo years before set on that. But now with Bill inpling about her. glistened in her eyes. She, too, had sisting, in October of all times, on

the rushing so I can go wedding be beautiful desire to first that same place, had never I never, the "In he is transferred with him when father. felt her for Janice's She dress expect to a need more wedding

than once. If anything happens to last defense crumpling. well, I just have to have chiffon,

Bill, I'll just fold up and be a nice "I only meant,"she put in a last that's all."

respectable widow the rest of my dignified effort to stand her ground, "I suppose every mother knows natural life.""that you could wear organdy to the joy of being wheedled out of

"Janice dear,"her mother exparties afterward."things by her tyrannical children,"

postulated in a scandalized tone, "I "But we won't be going to Mrs. Staitman sputtered as she

didn't mean that I expect you to be parties,"Janice discouraged dumped Janice unceremoniously on married in it more than once!"promptly. "If we were going to the floor and reached for a pile of

Janice burrowed her golden head live here, it would be different. But patterns. "Well, chiffon it is, then.

into the folds of the plump neck. Bill's being transferred to Chicago I wish we could buy a lovely dress

"I know you didn't Mom. But, makes matters altogether different. all ready made, Dear,"she added

some way, I don't like your term We won't know a soul to invite us yearningly.

'serviceable.'It isn't appropriate. to parties. Being married in chiffon "I wouldn't buy it for the

It sounds like blue serge or checked will sort of make up to me for not world. I'll love every stitch I put

gingham. I want to be beautiful having a June wedding, Mother. into it. And your part,"Janice

HE EYED HER DISINTERESTEDLY AND SAID COOLLY, "WELL?"

were wide and serious and Bill's young face was white and tense as they took their marriage vows.

Life was serious as the ageold words rang out, "I pronounce you man and wife."

Bill caught his breath as Janice turned the full glory of her golden beauty on him. She might have

stepped out of a storybook. A

a golden princess—her regal gown, cloud of white chiffon—her crown,

a coronet of rosebuds hung with tulle. "I'll keep her always like this,"he swore to himself fiercely. "She

shant work and lose her youth and loveliness."

The trip to Chicago was a revelation to Janice who had lived all her life in the West. As the Western mountains disappeared in the

distance behind her and they traversed mile after mile of level prairie country, she had her first premonition of the difference between the life she was leaving and the life she was entering upon. She knewSERVIC

a moment's feeling that was akin country, this strange to fear—this the dress than she was in him. life with Bill. unknownDUNLAP "I know you'll be a dream in it, But then Bill smiled at her and

Honey,"he reasoned one evening the world ceased to hold fear.

that she Janice pleaded must when of crossed border the they Soon lovingly, at "is to tyrannized make in or ready she be wouldn't sew the Illinois a track distance for and - least a very your cunning dozen of are time, to a "but you dream me parallel that glory a burst of to ran est clusters rosebuds. buds of Pink rather I'd in anything. you have call a Easterners She was woods! I can't Alice ribbon. blue with already have wear something you at seeing the very the middle West for dainty of more anything think to time spend with and have more year. loveliest the time of trimming."positively that jealous me. of I'm exclaimed, she Dear,""Look,

dress."gazing rapturously out of the win-

J.HE next two weeks "Oh, Bill darling, not have a dow, "did you ever see such a gorwent by on glamorous wings. Of new dress to be married in! Why, geous sight?"

course, once wheedled into the idea a lovely wedding dress is the dream Janice caught her breath in sheer of the filmy chiffon, Mrs. Staitman of every girl's life. But, Bill, every ecstasy at the wealth of beauty they

put her efficiency to the task with stitch I put in is twined about a were passing. Gnarled sprawling

characteristic energy. Her deft dream of our life together. You oaks with their yellowflecked

ringers fashioned clever trimmings wouldn't deprive me of happy leaves. Elms proud and stately

while Janice tucked tiny dainty dreams, would you?"bearing their golden burden aloft in

stitches among the soft folds of the "Of course not, Foolish,"Bill's superb defiance of the November material that seemed to leap into tone was very tender as he anwinds that must so soon come to loveliness like something alive. swered, "I'm going around in a rob them of their splendor. Slim,

Bill protestingly argued that dream myself."softbarked hickories. Sturdy walJanice was more interested in A week later Janice's blue eyes (Continued on page 453)

. rHE LATTERDAY SAINT INSTITUTES

By 1926 that the Church began its first experiment in religious educaIt estabat University. a State tionJ. WYLEY SESSIONS

is Latlished what now called the

Director Pocatello L. D. S. Institute terday Saint Institute.

The faculty of the University

the State standards under which THEChurchmotiveofof JesuseducationChristof theof of Idaho specified conditions and cooperate Institutions and could

Latterday Saints has been grant credit for college courses in responsible for the development of religious philosophy and Bible hisseveral definite efforts to provide tory given in schools of religion practical application of its familiar maintained by the various Chrisslogan, "The Glory of God is Intian denominations. The faculty

telligence."recommendations were approved by

In early Utah history, the the State Board of Education and

Church found it necessary to estabareas follows:

lish and maintain simple elementary schools. When the state beConditions

came sufficiently developed to as- 1. That courses in religious education subsume the responsibility of its first mitted for credit in the University of

public schools, the Church looked Idaho shall be offered in Moscow by an asincorporated organization which or ahead Academies and established selecresponsibility the full for sumes Junior Coland later High Schools its instructors the maintion of and leges throughout Utah and other tenance of its work in a physical plant states where there were large enough adequate for instruction of University

Latterday Saint communities to J. WYLEY SESSIONS grade.

offered University 2. for courses That justify them. to credit shall at all the times conform

schools were maintained religion is to be interpreted in terms These provision following constitutional unby the Church with the idea of of practical life and living, it must der which the University of Idaho meeting the standard requirements also grow in thought and experioperates: "No instruction either secin in politics tarian religion or partisan It of study. other lines with education, at the ence secondary of and

shall ever be allowed in any department in expressed be discussed and must religious time, providing the same the of University."

information, training, experience, terms which are otherwise full of 3. That University elective credit of not

and atmosphere it considered necesmeaning to the student. Religion to exceed eight semester hours may be

sary for the development and charis practical in life and living. It allowed for such courses.

acter of the young people. As is not theory, but is absolutely 4. Thatcoursesstudentsshall securedesiringthe creditconsentforof suchthe

other agencies adequately supplied, necessary to a complete and welldean of their college at the time of the secondary schools and made rounded education. There can be registration and that the number of

them available for all, the Church no complete education without recredits for which they are registered be was relieved of the responsibility ligious training. It must not, creditsreduced taken,so thatincludingthe totalthosenumberin reliof

of secular education. therefore, be crowded out, but a gious education, shall conform to the

With these developments a new place for it must be left or made in University standards.

problem appeared, and the Church an educational program and it must 5. That credit for these courses be granted

of the recommendation upon the be kept alive, healthy, and growonly necessity the confronted with was Standing. Committee on Advanced ing. of of providing means and ways

contacting the pupils and giving The Church Board of Education STANDARDS them daily religious instruction in recognizied this and accepted the 1 The instructor shall have a master's connection with their high school challenge. It acted upon the condegree or its equivalent and shall possess

curriculum. The solution of this viction that the principles and docsuch maturity of scholarship as is reproblem came in the establishment trines of religion were founded on quired for appointment to the position

of the now popular High School fundamental laws and could be ofIdaho.full professor in the University of

Seminaries. subjected to scientific investigation 2. The courses offered shall conform to

and studied with an exactness and University standards in library requireJ7DUCATION, however, does discipline comparable to those used ments and in method and rigor of their conduct. in other fields of human thought here; it is a continuous not stop enrolled in 3. students the UniNone but research. process and students on into and move to shall these versity be admitted

institutions of higher learning. If It was at Moscow, Idaho, in courses, or such other students as are

<- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY 9 3 5

S. GEORGE TANNER THOMAS C. ROMNEY L. BENNION LOWELL

L. Moscow Director of the Logan D. S. Institute Director Salt Lake City L. D. S. Institute L D. S. Institute Director

rated Registrar of the by the University THE Church accepted this proas entitled to standing. University plan posed a plot purchased and First Institute Class to be in religious4. Classes shall education conof stuthe of ground on one main the to University form and Calendar 26, 1935 dent thoroughfares convenient and to University to length of Graduated\M'ay as standards

first class period. the 26, to the campus. 1935, Here a beautiful

history the of L. D. S. building at a cost 5. was constructed Approval of courses in religious eduONinMaythe

collegiate rank was shall cation until they granted be not—Institutes—of sixty dollars. thousand The L. the Logan D. from are financed is a graduated adequately there and S. building to meet large enough was Institute of which C. Thomas their likelihood of permanency,

Romney, Ph. D., is director. Presithe particular requirements of the

6. shall courses of such be conApproval present, dent J. Grant Heber was religious educational project to and

to at tinued maintaining Foundations address, gave the conferred and upon activities the various accommodate least less instructor one devoting not their diplomas. Franklin them L. characteristic university of group half time than to such work. West, Assistant of Commissioner

7. The University reserves the right to asEducation of the Church, was preshouses.

sure itself from time to time that these ent at the exercises. The house has three stories. On

conditions and standards are being met. the main floor are two class rooms,

L. D. S. LOGAN SEMINARY GRADUATING CLASS

left row, Front Dr. L. to right: Clyde Hopkins, Sylvan Needham, Frank West, Mrs. Heher J. Grant, President Heber J. Grant, Mrs. Mary Judd, Director T. C.

Carlson. Horace C.Romney,

Second Row: Israel C. Heaton, Verena Adams, Asia H. Bergeson, Elizabeth Darley, Luella Ward Hathcock, Orville S. Lee, William W. Reeder, Ralph Stahle, Ralph.

T. Rex Lowe.Toleman,

Third row: D. Max Smith, Margaret Olson, Gaye Perry, Minette Carlson, Seth L. Stewart, Nephi Jorgenson, and Wallace Grandy.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 >-

was built, and the school year of 193435 marked the beginning of an Institute at the

University of Utah in Salt Lake City.

The buildings and programs at each of these four Institutes are built to meet the particular requirements and needs of the students in the respective schools. The buildings are, therefore, not exactly alike, neither is there entire

uniformity in the courses of study offered, nor in the programs of activity. The Moscow Institute is the only one that has the dormitory

feature. The Chapel at Moscow serves not

only the University students, but also the members of the Church living in that Branch of the North Western States Mission.

The population of Logan, Utah, is composed largely of Mormon people and ninety per cent of the studentbody belong to the

Church. It is assumed that students will participate in the activities in the various wards of

the city. The Institute, therefore, has large

Enrollment in weekday classes. These courses

and a Sunday School for students who prefer the

Institute to the Ward demand the major emphasis.

Pocatello again meets an entirely different condition.

Students are mostly of Junior College age. Only about

onethird of the studentbody belong to the Latterday Saint Church. Many of the students live on the

campus and are restricted and influenced by campus regulations, others work in town for room and board.

These conditions have brought about a development along three distinct lines: First, the weekday courses

of study in the field of religion. Second, the regular

ecclesiastical functions incident to worship and church practice. This includes a Sunday School, Sunday

evening Service of worship called Vesper, and an M

SALT LAKE L. D. S. Men and Gleaner Girl organization. Third, a social

UNIVERINSTITUTE SITY CHAPEL program designed to stimulate wholesome association WARD

LOGAN L. D. S. INand build friendships among Latterday Saint stuSTITUTE dents. The Institutes have made places for themselves

MOSCOW, IDAHO, L. in the community life of the schools, and their build-

D. S. INSTITUTE ings have become centers of campus activity. They

are used for receptions, balls, teas, recitals, lectures, a reception room, office, library, and chapel. In the debates and other University functions.

basement a ball room, rest rooms, serving kitchen, is given floor etc. second coal rooms, furnace, The this year Institute Salt commenced which Lake where rooms dormitory furnished nicely eleven to THE beautiful Chapel University in the is housed Ward archiaccommodated. The be can twentytwo men street University the the across directly from located in corresponds and is type Gothic tecture of Tudor consists of program Building. of The Union Utah buildings. nicer University style the with quality and seminars, instruction, weekly courses and of week day largely successful, at was experiment Moscow The religious problems. current discussion groups on A of part the sincere on cooperation was the because students University and for class especially organized honest Church. the University and An the both connection in is held Director the Institute taught by of grade program a to provide high effort made was School. Sunday University the with Ward institusupported level, at tax a college religion, on Institutes canat various the study courses of The the directing project and the developing tion. In

similar. are they yet exactly uniform, The be not that exercised care great Institute, was activities the of

is a list of some of the courses offered and following principle traditional violate the it would in no way is all: typical of State, or otherwise and of Church the separation of

the Univerits affiliation with of unworthy become estab- 1. An introduction to the History, Religion and since been Institutes have other sity. Three Literature of the Old Testament.

lished. 'THE Logan Latterday Saint Institute was built in 2. Prophecy and the Prophets.

1 1928. It is affiliated with the Utah State Agricul- 3. The History and Religion of the New Testatural College under a similar arrangement to that at ment.

Moscow. In 1929, the Pocatello Institute affiliated

with the University of Idaho Southern Branch 4. The Life of Paul, the Apostle.

<- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

5. Comparative Religion. responsible for the social and recreational life of its

students, may consider themselves fortunate in having 6. Religious Principles and Doctrines. on its campus such an Institute, where religious train-

7. Church Practice and Religious Leadership. ing can flower into gracious and fine living under the

careful supervision of its directors.

At the University of Idaho, University of Idaho "Marguerite P. Drew, Dean of Women,

Southern Branch, Utah State Agricultural College, "Southern Branch of the University of Idaho."

and University of Utah, full college credit is granted for courses in Bible study. Students register for T'HESE Institutes foster the idea that beauty is a good

Institute subjects in precisely the same manner as they environment for religious stimulation, association, register for University courses. The reports to the and general education. The buildings are artistic inregistrar are exactly the same for the Institute inside and outside and carefully planned lawns and garstructors as for the University faculty. dens surround them. They are furnished with carInstitute groups have organized and received campus pets, drapes and comfortable furniture. The buildings

status. They take part in the intermural activities are used daily, almost hourly, by the students who

and scholarship competitions. In these extracur- enjoy and respect the privilege. An atmosphere seems

ricular activities they have made most creditable to be cultivated which is often mentioned by even a records. casual visitor and which is often spoken of as "The

Spirit of the Institute."

T'HE following statements from some of the University officials indicate the pleasant and happy relationships between the Institute Directors and

University Faculties:

"I am glad to add my very cordial endorsement of TINTERIOREL L L.POCAD. S

the purposes and the effectiveness of the L. D. S. INSTITUTE

Collegiate Institute at the University of Idaho at

Moscow.

SAME INTERIOR "This splendid building on the campus of the FROM DIFFERENT

University is maintained as a dormitory, recreational ANGLE and religious center for the L. D. S. students of the

University. Its classrooms, library, and other facilCHAPEL, LOGAN L

ities for religious instruction make it a very distinct D. S. INSTITUTE

addition to the religious and recreational life of the

University.

"M. G. Neale, President,

"University of Idaho."

"A generally accepted tradition among American

State Universities is that religious education should be offered privately rather than by the State School itself. No such tradition can lessen the interest that

many faculty members in the State Universities feel in the religious life of their students.

"The establishment of the Latterday Saint Institute at the Southern Branch has proven of great value, not only to Latterday Saint students, but to the entire campus. While the religious instruction offered

has been largely confined to members of the Latterday

Saint Church, other students, faculty members and townspeople have made constant use of the social and recreational features of the building.

"I am glad to congratulate the Institute upon the service rendered to date. I am confident that the

entire school is the gainer in many ways because of the fine program of the Institute.

"John R. Dyer, Executive Dean,

"University of Idaho Southern Branch."

"It gives me real pleasure to have this opportunity of expressing my appreciation of what the Latterday

Saint Institute is doing for a large group of our young people here at the Southern Branch.

"The University, and particularly those who are

By ANN ANDREWS ONE

SOMETHING about Bill appealed to Susan. Everythings about Susan appealed to Bill. They

were young, sincere and in love. It was the fall of the

year, but the spring time of life. They were under a

red and yellow maple tree and the voice which was speaking was deep and earnest.

"But, Susan, you can't refuse me, you can't, be-!"cause—"Because why, Billy, dear?"The voice which answered was sweet and demure.

"Because I love you, Susan. Isn't that reason enough?"

Susan had to be firm with herself when he looked like that. "Yes, it is reason enough why I shouldn't refuse

you, but I have."

"But you love me, Susan."

"Yes.""Then why?"

"Listen, Bill. How many couples do we know that

Susan had are happy? Life changes, love changes—,"

heard someone say this, "look at all the failures in matrimony; everyone starts out the same and nearly everyone

ends the same—in the courts!"

"But, darling, we'll be different,"insisted the forlorn suitor.

"Yes, I know. Everyone thinks that, but I have

fully made up my mind never to marry. I want to do

something worth while, something noble!"

"Well, wouldn't it be noble to save me? Honest,

Susan, I can't live without you."

"Now, Billy, don't be a baby. I haven't heard of

any fatalities among rejected suitors so far."

"Then tell me what you consider noble, if saving lives isn't?"

iVlY plan,"Susan continued, "is to adopt two or three homeless babies and raise them. I've figured it all out. By careful planning and hard work I

can keep them with the money grandpa left me."

"Adopt me then. You say I am a baby."

"Oh, don't be silly. I am serious!"

"So am I serious, Susan. If you will marry me and

50 to Europe with me, when we return we'll adopt the whole orphan asylum, or anything else you want. I

promise we will."

MONTH ONAPPROVAL

"That's just it,"Susan interrupted, "you have to me and yet refuses me all because of this scheme of hers go to Europe for three years. Bill, can't you see what to help humanity."

I can do in that time?"Dr. Parks rubbed his chin and said, "She must

"I'll give up Europe!"raise them herself."

"You can't. It means your whole future.""Yes,"answered Bill pensively, "she thinks cradle

"I'll hire someone to raise them until we get back,"days are most important and she wouldn't be doing insisted Bill. her duty unless she took all the responsibility."

argue. decided, I've so don't no, no! "No,

trust inex- "And you want her to go to Europe with you?"I'd to an you think Do my children

perienced nursemaid? Why, the future of a child "Yes."

depends upon its cradle training; besides, Bill, if "We will have to work fast to bring her to our

you pay the money, and some one else raises them, point of view. You leave in October; what day?"

where do I come in?""About the fifteenth."

"But, Susan!""That gives us, let me see, about six weeks. Oh,

well, leave it to me, old fellow. I think I have a cure

IHIS was only a little of the pleading even for ambition."

which William Marquette put forth to win his suit. Susan Brooks was firm and steadfast and WHERE to get babies was Susan's real

when Susan made up her mind it took more than problem. It was to be solved much more quickly

a little obstacle to sway her; and Bill was only an than she expected. She had been taught to ask for

obstacle, bigger, perhaps, than she would admit to divine aid in weighty matters so she fervently prayed herself. She loved him, yes, she really did love him; that the Lord would guide her and help her find

butTwhat is love in this generation compared with homeless babies who needed care and a chance in life.

duty? She defied the saying, "Love to man is a One night shortly after her talk with Bill, as she

thing apart, 'tis woman's whole existence."Today was drifting into sweet oblivion, she heard a loud

woman is man's equal in every respect and ambition ringing at the door and a faint cry. She sat up,

and duty must come first. Susan had convinced listened for a moment, slid out of bed and hurried to

herself of this. the door. And there, actually there! A basket full

She had heard much about orphans and it seemed of babies. A double answer to her petition. They

a wonderful way to use Grandpa Brook's money. were heavenly twins.

She would spend it upon children who would otherSusan gave a cry of joy. She did not know why

wise have no chance in life. She would give them a the twins were crying but they cried and cried. Yes,

home and a real mother and raise them to be honorcried all through the night! Susan carried the basket

able men and women. Susan was a dreamer but she into the living room. Mrs. Brooks was awakened to

meant this dream to come true. help make food. Mellon's is supposed to make better

Bill was not easily daunted himself so he immebabies but it did not seem to improve the twins a bit.

diately set out to find a plan which would prove to Patty Brooks rocked one and Susan the other. Papa

Susan that he was as "much orphan"as she could Brooks fixed hot water bottles and shook up pillows;

handle. His first step consisted in calling upon Dr. and thus Susan began her career.

Parks for sage advice. Dr. Parks was the family Next day, in spite of a sleepless night, the family

physician and there was a strong bond of friendship began preparations for the newly arrived. Susan was

between the two men which had lasted from Billy's astonished at the amount of work two children can colic days through his college days. When Bill took make. Patty was kept busy sewing up flannel nighties

up the study of medicine they became great pals; and and flannel "didies"while mama converted the spare

now, as man to man, Bill related how he had been room into a nursery. Susan went into ecstasies over

rejected. the two blue baby beds Mr. Brooks had sent out on

"I'll never give her up, never! She admits she loves the morning delivery. (Continued on page 451)

of WISDOMTHE WORD FROM THE

The marvelous vital organs with which we are my opinion, and after due endowed are our only guarantee of life. In this reveal-

I mightINdeliberation and study, a ing discussion Dr. Edmunds tells why the Word of is nowhere state that there

code or document which contains Wisdom is really a word of wisdom.

more sound principles of correct living than are contained in the socalled Word of Wisdom as we man, and corn for the ox, and oats minute, and puts out about 2 galsingle find it recorded in the 89 th Section for the horse, and rye for the fowls lons of blood in that time. A

of the book of the Doctrine and and for swine, etc."Concerning drop of blood takes about 23 secCovenants of the "Mormon"these we will say more later on. onds to make a complete circuit

Church. And the marvel of it all Let us now digress and consider the of the body and requires from 26

is ours, that to 28 beats of the heart. It passes is that these principles were given human bocly, which

to the world in the fore part of the we may better understand the subtwice through the heart in making last century and by a young man sequent discussion. this circuit, but only once through

the day, under even body. Each toxisciences of in theunlearned is con- a to marvel neverending TT ejects resting conditions, heart the which nutrition with ofcology and and the template body human several pints blood, of thousand necesdeals; of this Wisdom Word part of interrelationship one the this as increased be and by may these that day in for so, sarily another, to another, organ to one severe as exduring much 1000% infancy. their in sciences were beautiful the which harmony and! ercise in expressed truths the ofMany a these in exists organs among a get better of understanding To been recently treatise only have this state other hand, the health. of On let this a us means, few what make experiscientific substantiated by albeit is it interesting, not also comparisons. of amount The investigated still be to are orment, sequence the pleasurably, to study in heart the one does which work greater in length, and further at disease of events follow of which is equivalent additional to the day a consider from us detail. Let orthese or parts or of one more a energy expended climbing by man socalled this scientific viewpoint its directly or extension gans, and Pike's shovelor halfway Peak up It more might of Wisdom.Word parts other indirectly involve to and threefoot tons coal a ing of 26 up of a Wisvolume termed beaptly discussion must organs. This incline. this average the For man,dom. brief, will so necessarily be and we will equal of an energy amount it said be to be might Roughly, consideration for our and choose lift sufficient to three ninety tons first parts. into Thedivided two interesting the of most one study feet liftor high; the equivalent of refrain from is to admonition an all in our organs marvelous of and forty half a ing inches high pound inare thingscertain which we its heart, the with namely, body, is beat! pulse each the with When or for are man,""notformed vessels; system, the at vascular blood per minute, approxiabout 72 into the body toleast taken be not its the allied organs, closely and eight pints mately of pass blood specificare theseof man. Among kidneys. through'the heart every minute. (exceptally Tobacco, Wine named is is It heart unique. unThe is exercise, this inmoderate With the of grape the of"pure Wine like in the other organ body. any to creased pints; about twenty and Hot Drinksvine"), Strong all It time, the even when works severe exercise, all during while the are these latterDrinks. Among sleep; eighttenths a second of we in the eight blood (about body beverages caffeinated theincluded cycle; are complete required to one pints) goes in the heart through

Tea and Coffee.. that is, the heart works fourtenths about twelve seconds.

The second part of this docuof a second and rests the other fourment is essentially the reverse of tenths. But even when it rests, the l\TOW let us consider it from anthe first, for it contains advice conblood vessels in its vascular system other angle: Assuming that

cerning what one shall take into his throughout the body keep workthe heart beats about 70 times per body. Included among these ing, by virtue of the natural elasminute, blood courses through the

(foods) are "All wholesome herbs ticity of their muscle and elastic vessels at the rate of 207 yards per.. every herb in the season theretissue fibers. minute, seven miles an hour, 168

of;... Flesh of beasts and of The heart weighs only ten miles a day, and 61,320 miles a

the fowls of the air... to be ounces. In comparison with the year, the heart beating about 50,-

used sparingly... in times of liver, the latter is five times as 000,000 times! Now multiply

winter, or of cold, or famine. All heavy, and in comparison with the that figure by the proverbial "fourgrain is ordained for the use of man body as a whole, the latter weighs scoreand-ten"(years) and the figand of beasts, to be the staff of life; 205 times as much. Yet the amount ures are staggering. A single cor-

... All grain is good for the of work the heart does is relatively puscle lives only'about three to

it dare not fail! It four weeks, but assuming that itfood of man; as also the fruit of the colossal—and

vine;... Nevertheless wheat for beats on an average of 72 times a were to live for the lifetime of the

By P. K. EDMUNDS, M.D.

STANDPOINT of SCIENCE

individual, and let us say the inconsider the part played by the and filling with blood, there still dividual reaches the ripe age of 84 blood vessels. Hardening of these exists a certain amount of pressure,

years; then this corpuscle would vessels almost always causes high the Diastolic pressure, which is norhave traveled in that time nearly blood pressure. Normal blood mally about twothirds of the

five and a quarter million miles. pressure varies with the individual, higher pressure. This is the presAnd may I reiterate that these figbut for general purposes, it might sure which the heart must overcome

ures deal with the heart that beats be said that a normal person of before the valves open and blood at the normal resting rate of about twenty years has a systolic (highcan be forced into the great vessels, 70 per minute; consider the differer) pressure of about 120 (milliwhile the difference between the

ence were the heart rate to be inmeters of mercury); and for each two readings represents the power

creased twenty to thirty percent by year increase in age, the pressure of the left ventricle of the heart in the simple ingestion of a few cups goes up half a millimeter, so that excess of the diastolic pressure. A

of coffee or other stimulant bever- a person forty years of age would high diastolic pressure is of serious age at regular intervals throughout have a pressure of about 130. There import to the heart, and causes the

the day. But more of this later. are two readings, a higher and a greater concern to the physician,

The foregoing comparisons are lower reading. When the blood since it indicates increased resistance

taken from the medical publication pressure is referred to ordinarily, in the vascular system somewhere "Hygeia."only the higher reading is men- (the branching tubes of our crude

And now a word about that tioned. While the heart is relaxing example), and throws an added

muchtalked-of thing, blood presburden on the heart. Naturally

sure. To more clearly understand we wish to know the reason for

if this latter, let us make a rather A Word of Wisdom this increase in resistance, and, homely comparison. Let us conpossible, eradicate the cause.

the for WISDOM, OF sider filled the ball heart a rubber is benefit blood pressure the of of High Council High common let water; to attach us with it a APriests,WORD Kirtland, in and assembled It is estiin States. the United

straight tube. It require will a saints also in Zion. the and church; that the adult of mated about 20% sent be by certain pressure "To ball force to the on greeting—not equals in figures which constraint, or by population, but commandment this tube. the water through Now it. five persons, million about have revelation the of wisdom, word and

tube, a second here add and if we will the order forth showing and 140,- that It is further estimated and there branching tubes; and if of God in the temporal salvation 000 die annually in this country

all last saints in of the days. at different these angles, we bend this as a result condition, about of principle for a promwith "Given several branches and on other add to half the deaths of being due ise, the to the capacity adapted of balls; if these for disextend and a failure as all a heart saints, the complication. weakest of and weak

tance of about 70 inches, and then who are or can be called saints. This condition therefore becomes

connect similar with verily, branching saith the "Behold, thus importance. of extreme one And

in you, of unto consequence Lord leading tubes the to back rubber if there prevention, of are ways we evils will designs and which and do it ball; infinitely will require are interested in about knowing exist in the hearts of conspiring men pressure ball the rubber more to on I last in days, the have you, warned them.

force the water throughout this and forewarn you, by giving unto closed circuit and back to the ball. you this word of wisdom by reveThere are many factors which

What we have amounts to a double lation. contribute toward raising the blood

as inasmuch "That any man pressure individual. in an Some of fluid about column 70 inches drinketh or strong wine drink are transitory, others more lasting; in height. this transform Let us it you, behold good, is not among

ball into the heart, the rigid tubes neither meet in the sight of your and the transitory causes, as emointo elastic blood vessels, and the Father, only in assembling yourtion, worry, etc., if frequently reselves offer together to sacup your peated, lead a to of permanency into blood. water balls other The

before raments him. It the situation. in be said may will replace mentioned orwith we this behold, be "And, should general factors are five that there liver, the the gans of the body, yea, wine, pure grape the of wine

lungs, kidneys, brain, etc.; and we of the vine, of your own make. which cause this condition of hardhave as a result a human power "And, again, strong drinks are ening of the blood vessels, with

belly, for the not the but for washsubsequent pressure: high blood its central staplant with pumping ing of bodies. your Infections, par- (1) Heredity; (2) tion (the heart) source as the of is again, tobacco for not "And

energy supply. the body, neither for the belly, and ticularly venereal infection; (-3)

is life, the stress is of and strain not for the good man, an but part does the heart play What cattle, bruises for all sick and socalled tear;""wear and (4). in pressure? maintaining blood skill. We herbto used be with judgment and as Personal overeating, Habits, discussed in that have conabove again, hot drinks are not "And

templating the amount of work for the body or belly...."overworking, worry, etc.; (5) Inperformed by this organ. Let us (Continued on page 448)

fl Builder of Boys and Girls

I wouldGENTLEMEN, S. DIBBLE rather rear better and By GEORGE boys

girls than raise better sheep and cattle."Here is a success story that ought to thrill every

The Board of Education of one hatterday Saint boy and girl who have set their feetof Utah's largest school districts was met in regular session. Facing upon the ladder which leads to great achievement.

them was a new superintendent;

a quietmannered, intelligent man, young in appearance, old in experihonorable, useful citizens who ence. The board was demanding know how to make a living. Every

further economies in school exone of you approves the plan of penditures. The new executive building up a superior strain of

was proposing a program which livestock. Shall we not do the

had it not required the appropriasame for our children? The

tion of additional moneys was in 'problem'youth of today is our itself so revolutionary as to immeproblem citizen of tomorrow."

diately earn a rebuff from the conservative members of the board. In

his quiet, forceful way the superTHE board granted the increase.

intendent was winning his case. At an annual expenditure of

He succeeded so admirably and $700.00, a childaccounting syseffectively in becoming a pioneer in tem was established in the entire

what has been characterized a district. A study was made of derenaissance in the field of education linquent cases. Under observation

that it was not at all remarkable for special study were: (1) Those

when the National Child Welfare who had attended school less than

Association selected Dr. Francis W. twenty weeks during the school

Kirkham as educational director. term; (2) those who had been

His creed has always been: absent the previous school year;

"The greatest opportunity for (3) those who had failed in two service to one's country is to do or more school subjects the previous something for its boys and girls."term. Teachers were engaged for

DR. FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM a twelve month term to aid in carrTHE name of Francis Kirkham is rying out the program. Pupils

not a new one in educational present time a large number of who were forced to remain away circles of the nation. All his life boys and girls of compulsory school from school for economic reasons

thehe has sought opportunity aided were in securing of worthto Weage whoare guiltyare notof direattendingneglectschool.if we ideal in educationpromote the new while superthe employment and

which would make of the student choose to ignore these individuals. vision of the school extended into

being sent from the school, not There are privileges which belong his working hours as well as his alone the product of the grinding very properly to these boys and leisure time. Juvenile delinquency

I girls. assume thaf propose we proficient threemill in the "R's,"in the District Granite reduced was

responsibility. this real For well a individualbut rounded this to in short the 20% or 25% addi- I for purpose an am asking living. art intrained the of period He of three years.

the to cover appropriationbelieves that citizenship is a tional good So successful that plan was the costs and a pupil accounting of character buildingmatter of and districts neighboring tried it with characterbuilding program."rests great responsibilitythat a

equally startling results. From a for advisthe the the schools nation of weighedupon board The superintendent this statement: came the a already increasing abilitythe promotion program. of such of

When Mr. Kirkham assumed overloaded budget. The superin- "Through a correlation of this

the leadership of the Granite School tendent was obdurate. With the work with the Boy Scout moveDistrict he wasted no time promethodical thoroughness of the atment, we have enlisted every availceeding to the traditional "brass torney that he is, he presented his able candidate for the tenderfoot

tack."case. rank in scouting in our entire dis-

"Gentlemen,"he addressed his 'The law requires us to spend trict."

board, "did you ever stop to conmoney on all children of this disIn this work Mr. Kirkham resider what your job is, what my trict up to the age of eighteen years ceived the hearty support of his cojob is? Do you know that it is and to do it on a twelve months workers, the Salt Lake Council,

our responsibility to guarantee basis. Our problem becomes one Boy Scouts of America, and ecclesiequal opportunities to every child of character building, of fitting the astic and civic organizations in his

in this district? There are at the youth under our supervision to be district.

4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 "DACK of the life story of this man clined to the teaching field, he rerapid and his homesickness never is a never ceasing struggle to atturned to school. A year later at recurred.

tain a goal he set for himself early the age of nineteen he accepted a At the end of six weeks the prein life. call to perform a mission to New siding elder returned to hold a conWhen Francis was thirteen, his Zealand. ference in the branch. At the conmother died in childbirth, leaving The trip to New Zealand conference the elder introduced a new

a large family. One week later his sumed twentyseven days. As soon missionary, announcing that he

father left to perform a church misas the young missionary arrived he would speak through his own sion. With his brother Jim who was sent among the Maoris withtranslation. Elder Kirkham imwas eighteen years of age (Oscar out companions and left in this mediately arose to his feet and to

A. was only ten) he worked to situation for six weeks. Not havthe great surprise of the other missupport the family and sent fifing a knowledge of the native tonsionaries present, spoke to the

teen dollars to his father monthly. gue he suffered acutely the pangs of Maoris in their own tongue. At

through the operation of a mercanhome-sickness. To counteract this this time the natives of the district

tile establishment. Two years later he applied himself diligently to the were opposing the government and

he entered the L. D. S. College, task of learning the Maori tongue. the new missionary was later inrenting a room and preparing his One day being especially lonely he strumental in bringing about a

own meals. Bread at that time had been praying fervently when reconciliation. He wrote and presold for thirty loaves for a dollar. he felt the comforting influence of pared a simplified grammar of the

Not being able to afford milk, he his mother's presence. From that Maori tongue which has been an

at times substituted hot water and time forward his progress was important factor in preserving the sugar when he had a craving for language as well as a practical bread and milk. jgg$||i WBtafo. aid for students of the tongue.

Having completed one year's Returning home he fulfilled work at the college, he decided a brief mission for the Mutual to continue scholastic work at Improvement Association in

Brigham Young University. Idaho. Then the newly returnTaking with him a campstove, ed missionary armed himself

some potatoes, salt pork, grawith sample products of a knitham mush and some quilts he ting mill and mounted a bicycle.

rented a room in an adobe house He decided to make his initial

, at American Bedollars venture per month.for four! canvassing

there in course but arrivingsides carrying a heavy Fork, bookkeeping and stenography his courage deserted him he studied the piano, practicing J (Continued on page 45 6) before classes in the morning.

Quite frequently the room was so cold that technique was ex- 'tremely difficult.

TN the usual time for acquiring a diploma Francis received two: one in

stenography and one in 1 bookkeeping. Realizing

that his natural bent in- /MA

.-

AS GEORGE S. DIBBLE SEES

THE GIRL AND BOY BUILDER

The LIFE ABUNDANT <U2 By NEPHI JENSEN

Who is there that would not like to find the true abundant life which brings a joy which passes underthe last half years dozen or standing? quest. eternal is the That Jensen, Judge

little theFORmore "the phrase article, in this brief presents or or points out defines abundant life"has met my what, in his opinion, constitutes that life.gaze in dozens of books, scores of

magazine articles, newspaper stories and editorials. I have heard it phrase has a very deep definite docdrama, written by a noted literary

flippantlyspoken in the Sunday trinal significance; that the discraftsman, a and being played by wasSchool class, lecture on the is plattortion responsible artists. of its meaning It real of company wasform pulpit. and from the for a great people's failing to many those strong one of wholesome It has to be come the name for seek this gift. precious most that plays depict the triumph

asabout of little as things the many is Divine the Master author truly the The charheroic in human "love,"word has been which made is the It of phrase. a of part acter. His curtain the went down Whenthe label for almost everything beautiful, terse explanation of last His for sat the the time man who afrom bodily mere the urge to saving mission. said, came,"to "I capitalist the next turned He andperfect altruism of the of God. Son life, "that they might have and asked

COME of the conceptions of the abundantly."that they might have it more "How"Oh, I diddon'tyouhaveliketoit?"pay for a

fuller life remind me of a The Savior was always talking Sunday School lesson,"he snorted.

friend, who after listening to a about life. "Eternal life,""everThe story furnishes a classical

discussion in a Sunday School class lasting life"and "life is more than illustration of the ordinary man's of a number of things as gospel, meat,"are phrases that were conidea of getting away from the that were not really gospel, restantly upon His lips. The enhumdrum of existence. He looks

marked laconically, "The gospel noblement of life was the very core to the object from which he gets embraces all truth except the gosof His philosophy. He spoke of his pleasure to furnish the excitepel."Paraphrasing this sally of "entering into life"as the highest ment. He seeks excitement rather

wit it might be said that, judging attainment of man. Fulness of than incitement. So if any object

from what is being said about it, living and fulness of giving might from which he is seeking pleasure the abundant life is all kinds of be regarded as His conception of does not really please, he either life except "the abundant life."real success. strives to have it spiced up in some

But it was just last night that I But we shall not catch His meanway, or he resorts to some other heard the first attempt to explain ing unless we keep in mind that life type of gratification. If plain food

how one can get this richer life by in its highest and best aspects, as does not tickle his palate, instead the mere psychological devices of Jesus understood it, is something of waiting for his appetite to be- "attention"and "imagination"and more than the mere work-a-day come keener, he resorts to richer the interplay of these two mental pleasureseeking existence. He spoke dishes. If a classical book seems

processes. It was in a class discusof Himself as "the life of the dull, he picks up a wild story. If

sion. real that in the art on tame, stage seems too He was world"—implying The instructor, who knew a few a special sense a giver goes to of life. he If a questionable play. That

psychological terms and seemed to He invested the word with deep clean sparkling wit does not evoke like the scholastic sound of them spiritual significance is evident his risibility he calls for smut. Or,

better than the simple spiritual from the fact that He says, "If ye in other words, he constantly seeks terminology of the Christ, ateat not of the flesh of the Son of to increase his pleasures through tempted to induct his hearers into God ye have not life in you."change and diversification instead

the joyous fulness of life by the The profoundest students of the of intensifying his powers to enjoy.

psychological route. Savior's spiritual philosophy unthe other story. The chill His observations led me to mediderstood that He was distinctively MOW

tate. Where did the phrase orig- a sensitizer of life. Paul very imof winter had just turned to the

inate? What is this fulness of life? pressively gives Him the appellation genial warmth of spring. The

Just how does one get it? "Quickening Spirit."ground was becoming dry. Three

But the Master's idea of the ensub-teen girls were out on the side- '"THESE are vital questions. The richment of life is quite different walk. Two of them were gleepersistent discussion of them is from that of the ordinary man. fully swinging a rope in the skipmy excuse for obtruding these paraTwo stories in contrast will aid us therope fashion, to the merry acgraphs upon the reader. I should in discovering this difference. companiment of a joyous spring

not have permitted myself to be song. The other girl, with heart

precipitated into print if I were not ONE night a man of wealth sat beating in tune with the lively profoundly convinced that the in a local theater while a swish of the rope, was doing a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 lively "salt, vinegar, mustard, pepwe did not have a drop to drink registers of experience. Colonel

per."The circumstance furnished all day. At about sunset we reached Robert G. Ingersol, he of the goldinspiration for a bit of homely the little fishing village of Hudson; en tongue, speaking at the funeral

meter. and walked eagerly, almost franof his brother said, "In the prestically, to the first home that came ence of flowers he was touched to

I haven't read the weather dope in sight and asked for a drink of tears."This is a rare tribute to a

But the swish, swish of skipping water. We were shown to the rare soul. The one to whom it

rope well; and commenced to draw the was paid was so intensely sensitive

Makes the girlies zip, zip and sing bucket. Presently to the beautiful that he was deeply

Surely it must be coming spring. "Dripping with coolness it rose moved by the mere sight of comfrom the well."monplace flowers. The possession

What is the difference between The homely words of the song of this keen sense of esthetic dethis man of the world and these had a real meaning for us that day light adds infinitely more to the eninnocent playful girls? The right not because of their rare suggestiverichment of life than enlarged opanswer to this question will aid us ness, nor yet because the water was portunities of seeing landscapes,

in differentiating the Master's idea exceptionally cool. It was not very pictures and statuary.

living the man's naturalof from clear. it cool. very not was And esthetic the pass from up As we of theconception. This man is a very water drinking Moreover,

level idea spiritual ento the the of get trying to more wasworld thing. were But life commonplace we its life finds purification riching by diversified gratification.through thirsty. intensely intensity The of finest ago, years expression. few A little quite girls three followedThe pleasure gave our thirst us unusual

a different plan of happiness. They in the ordinary experience of drink- a young girl from a home of some

got intense and interminable joy ing some water. little affluence joined the missionary

out of a mere skipping rope. Why? ranks of one of our missions in the

Simply because they were intensely T'HIS idea of enhancing life United States. She arrived at the

alive. Or, in other words, they through deepening it finds its headquarters of the mission attired

got their joy out of the intensity finest exemplification in the higher (Continued on page 459) of experience and not from newly -c<J5Vs—

invented excitements.

This is the Master's idea of increasing life. He holds that it is

the intensification of life, rather than diversification that gives zest to existence. His whole philosophy of man's ennoblement is based

upon the idea of the purification and sublimation of the human spirit.

That the Master was not talking about the ordinary aspects of the work-a-day and pleasureseek- ing activities, when He referred to the fuller life, is evident from the fact that He came to bring the richer life. The life of the average mortal

at the time of Christ was very much like it is today. People at that time

worked, played, wedded, danced and drank and made merry. If the

Savior had in mind these aspects of life, why did He say "I came that they might have life?"His contemporaries already diversified had The Covered Wagon Crosses the Sea lacked they was alife. What

deeper and purer life. rPHE Covered Wagon is actually to be enshrined in a park in Denmark

far from the trail over which a part of it came many years ago.

TT is this intensity of life that gives This wagon pictured here was reassembled and necessary new parts real meaning to our ordinary exbuilt in Utah and taken to Denmark by Andrew Jenson, veteran Assistperiences. Drinking a little cold ant Church Historian, where it is to be presented to a park in Copenwater is a very ordinary experience. hagen, where it will be put on display. The presentation ceremony

But I recall an occasion when it will occur July 4, 1935. It is interesting to note that Andrew Jenson,

was a most exhilarating event. It pictured with the wagon on the Temple Square in Salt Lake City, is

occurred in Florida. While my 84 years of age and that he walked all the way across the plains from

companion and I were on our way Wyoming, a small town on the banks of the Missouri River seven miles to the Gulf Coast we got lost in north of Nebraska City, to Salt Lake City. He began his hike on August

the dense woods. For over eight 8, 1866, and arrived in Salt Lake City on October 8. He and his wagon,

hours we wandered about in the accompanied by his wife and daughter, made the return trip to Denmark forest seeking for a road to the in May and early June by train and ship in luxury the boy, while on coast. It was extremely hot, and the long walk, could not even picture in his mind.

A ROMANCE OF By DOROTHY CLAPP ROBINSON CHAPTER 8

. IX days passed. Six slow, the twelfth drew near. Could Oc

days of suspense and joyful anticithey make it? Oh, dear God, could

pation for the Lamanite, suspense they make it? Hearts beat rapidly,

and work for the Nephites. They breath came unevenly and lips were

were days of weary waiting for set grimly, but determination stalkZenaDavid—andand hopefulthen cameplottingthe sevfor edTheundauntedtime was ripethroughand theythe wouldnight.

enth. escape or perish in the attempt.

A fateful day dedicated to secret Prayers that came so easily to some, preparation, crushing responsibilso hard to others, were on all lips ity, heartbreaking uncertainty. and in all hearts. Poverty, sickThe City's pulse was rapid, her ness and now dependency had at

voice taut, words short. Her years last humbled the most stubborn

of misery; of insecurity; of slavery

and starvation were pitted against the midnight hour. Which would

win? Could she in the time allotted get far enough away? Would

the Lamanites drink and stay drunk long enough. Would the

great Jehovah whom she had disregarded so flagrantly in the past, direct them aright?

The night was dark and uncertain. Great rumbling clouds hung

ominously low above the massive walls. Lightning, vivid and terrifying, cut through the blackness,

speeding careless ones into places of concealment. In the corrals herds

milled about and nervous herdsmen prayed fervently for the hastening of the hour. Jewels and family

records brought from crypts in walls and beneath houses kept tryst with robes of purple and finetwined linens; and everywhere

grain, baskets and bags of it, had mysteriously appeared to take honor place among the night's collections. People had not dreamed

there was so much grain, even their bountiful harvest could not have produced it. For every family

there was a generous allotment, enough to carry them to safety.

Fathers moved from one member of their family to another; assigning tasks here, giving a whisper of

encouragement or caution there.

Mothers clasped their little ones close in the tense dark, waiting, counted heads again and again that none might stray aside and be left.

eleventh hour 1 HE NANAAHA'S FACE DARKER. GREW "WOULD YOU INSULT breathlessly,came and passed; and ME MEN?"HE BEFORE MY CRIED ANGRILY. "NO BRIDE TTfiDiNc K Smithhopefully, fearfully, excruciatingly REFUSES TO EAT OR DRINK."

CITIESTWO and proud; the name of the MightyThen—a rapid, staccato ding, strength of their Lamanite overlord.

Jehovah had come to dwell permadong-ding, dong, and every adult, Great peals of thunder reverberated nently with them. every child of responsible age, through the huge room. He grew

Through the tense waiting, snatched his allotted burden, uneasy. He glanced about anxthe through street sprang into dank darkness the and and, all were men Yes—his the above threatening his place in of rumble the family group, gate. only, at each The taking here—twoiously.

approaching storm, came the sound moved noiselessly and rapidly to door to this place too, had a ofOne—two—the great gongthree—on Noah'soh, tower.would swiftlythe spot movingappointedprocession.to them inCorthe coulddouble creepguarduponwithout,him unawares.so none there ever be another. Four—no ral bars were lowered, and cattle Now, if the Priests would hurry

! was and sheep The way and the breathed—five goats—even ceremonies—if

blessed lend Jehovah, seemed the to sense where he could oneclear—oh danger—swungthey Fairand Onefinishwerethe here now Thy strength, keep the Lainto the stride of march. see her all would be well. Patience

manites within their own walls. though, for with one so illustrious,

V-/NE entire wall of it was befitting that the ceremonies the hovel by the back gate. had be elaborate and lengthy.

magically disappeared and into the He glanced about again, this time void which was the secret pass the with a smile. What if the men

procession plunged unerringly and had thrown themselves into an the of occasion abandon, warthrough it emerged to freedom. A orgy

it, were ranted walls imand these sigh, a tear, a sob came from many hearts for those left behind in unpregnable—let them laugh and

timely graves. Young eyes, aged shout. Let them throw dice with

eyes, strong feet, weary feet, all grotesquely somber faces. Let them turned hopefully toward that goal guzzle wine and more wine—wine

of freedom and peace the Nephites had brought for taxes their The City Beautiful. While—they were drinking to him,

all about and above them, mighty leader, and it would be the storm strode, growling, folly to send all such wine on to if some of them rumbling, lashing itself inShemlon. What

if all to fury; finally spewing in were helpless with it—what

abandon over their deof them were more or less in a stage his guards drunkenness, without fenseless at of heads. When these valiant the doors and were

last its fury they was spent, walls admit no intruders. would were drenched sodden, and din, the confusion and Through

tracks, traces but no no his a of throb brought drum left; all were been the had eyes about. His quickly thoughts

obliterated. Verily, the turned to the dividing doorway.

help of the Gracious God His men came up standing. Now,

had strode through the at last, the final act in the elaborate fury of the elements. marriage ceremonies was to be

staged. The eleventh hour—and

from his seat in his huge assembly room, the Mighty IN the passage stood a

One looked arrogantly Priest beating time and advancing about, looked without seeslowly. Behind him came the

ing. His thoughts were on Great Priest, grotesquely painted

the black mass that was his and entirely nude. Surrounding

—-ofCity. whatSeditionnaturewas Bithnaabroad himlesser inPriests;triangle,theirwerebodiestwentyoneswaying,

had given him but an inkhands and feet moving in rhythm.

ling. Those Nephites were They advanced, chanting melodinot dependable as slaves; ously.

they were too restless, too After them came two Nephite proud. His brow knitted. men with Zena between them.

That one who would steal They lifted her bodily over the his set her within the bride—and the others threshold and

—he would ferret them out triangle, then withdrew to where

when the sign came. If Isaac and his retinue were, they

they craved action tonight being the last of the procession to they should have it. He enter the room.

would show them the real {Continued on page 462)

CAME TO ZION

felt the changed atmosphere at school. My folks were literally

"set apart."

What little we had was sold or bartered at a ridiculous price.

Nothing mattered but to join that ideal people, "the Saints,"and live their religion undisturbed. In

course of time we got as far as La

Grande and then Baker City, Oregon, then remote outposts of the

Church. But my father's eyes

were fixed upon Chesterfield as the people were Mormon my mother and Elder James R. eyes of a Moslem upon Mecca.

of City, Baker the Smurthwaite I well recall converts. Acciwinter. a hard had Ore- "\A7"EMY over their gon, their heads bent low spring beautiful morning that befell horses so dents our

when two strangers stepped into Bibles talking in low, earnest tones, some of them died. There was no

the little red schoolhouse in northElder Hatch an interested listener, work so that others had to be sold.

father stalking back and mother was myern Idaho where obtained oldest brother alone my forth My across the kerosenelighted room Schoolsuperintendent of a Sunday victim the a job, and then he was and asked leave to speak. Momen- (He was later to fill three missions of an accident which caused the loss

tous day! One of those men was himself, and he was. then nearing of his right leg. But with the com-a small man with a huge, drooping fifty)—occasionally throwing in ing of spring we again prepared to

offering question, or a dynamic later tomoustache I was father, discontented a move. whom My to of encouragement "Mary."word well. Elder eager to surroundings, Amos He wasknow with his

Hatch, then of Chesterfield, Idaho, reach his destination, was deterlater of Brigham City, Utah; at A FTER several weeks my parents mined to be on his way.

Hatch. baptized Elder were by in town he passed away some hoswhich the was still My brother

I sensed that a crisis over hungyears ago. left alone, us; pital. be He couldn't

I was at that time eight years we had reached a milestone in our and my other brother now had his old, and my father was a stickler lives. Strange talk, to an eight job. It was decided that Father

for the early to bed and early to year old, was uttered; phrases the was to go on by wagon, and I was

rise maxim. We used to get up at meaning of which I sensed but to accompany him. Mother and

four o'clock in the morning in the dimly. "Gathering with the the boys were to come later by

winter time so as to be sure we Saints,"was the one most often train.

didn't miss anything when it grew heard. My father and Amos Hatch I was then ten years of age, unlight. But for some unaccountable talked a great deal about Chesterbelievably shy and awkward. No

reason I was allowed to sit up until field, the place where Elder Hatch lust for adventure stirred my being greatest enand made me long for the trip. Iafter midnight to listen to the series lived—Father with the

of discussions which took place at thusiasm; Elder Hatch conservawas all too familiar with life in a

our home between my mother and tively, warningly. covered wagon. I had been almost

a number of elders. Several of Somehow I realized that a move cradled in one.

them lasted all night. was necessary. Our social status We had two horses left, and all

My mother was a descendant of was altered. The people where we our worldly goods were stowed

a long line of preachers. She was lived made their living by chopping easily inside the wagon. We had,

fully capable of filling, and did fill, cordwood for the people of Mos- I believe, about fifteen dollars in the pulpit on many occasions. She cow, and the farmers of the Palouse cash. Our destination was nearly

was a skillful debater. She had prairie. They were known locally four hundred miles distant. There

been reared, as it were, with the as "wood rats."They were poor. was then no paved highways; little

Bible in one hand. Not one of Many of them were tough homexcept two gray ruts across a desert

those elders would even claim to bres; said to be fugitives from jusfrom which clouds of stifling dust

be her equal in knowledge of the tice from the Blue Ridge mounarose to keep pace with our slowScriptures. Their most powerful tains. Any one of them would moving vehicle. The alkali bit

weapon, they admit candidly, was have added a notch to his gun at into our lips and made them sore.

her own honesty and sincerity. In any insult offered to my mother, All during the nineteen days of

my mind a mental picture forms; but they couldn't understand. I our trip my own lips were swollen

By FRANK C ROBERTSON

father a direct and was My This man who has written scores of stories and seat.

"I'll learn forceful you man.

more than thirty novels y -pauses to tell of one western like it,"he declared. to

it, trip from the faraway panhandle of Idaho to ChesterHe didn't "learn"me to like but I learned to love it for myself.

field, west of Soda Springs, Idaho, that was not fiction. There, today, my parents lie buried

in their beloved Zion. At least

once a year I go back. I have travto twice their natural size. They horse, and he pulled the wagon in eled all that long trek in almost a

scabbed and scabbed again. It was alone the last fifty miles with his day in a highpowered automobile,

distressing to eat and painful to mate walking along beside him, tugs and there is no sight in the world talk. Water was scarce across the dangling, and only holding up one which can ever mean quite so much

Snake river desert. Twin Falls, end of the neckyoke. As a writer I to me as those old, friendly hills

the Magic City, was not even a have invented many fictional heback of Chesterfield, among which dream at that time; the gigantic roes, but never have I been able to the best years of my life have been

reclamation projects which later ascribe such heroic qualities to them spent.

did so much for Idaho had not then as was really possessed by that been planned. magnificent old black horse. He *\R7"E barged on. We made camp

Our money was soon gone. Our was then past twenty, yet gaunt a few miles farther on, and it

meager belonging began to go, exand legweary as he was he drew took us nearly all of the next day tra harness, odds and ends, our that double load on each day until to reach Chesterfield. Many times

tent. We didn't need the latter it seemed that he must drop from we were obliged to stop and rest

anyway, for by this time there sheer weakness; yet never once was our givenout horse, now almost

was room for us to sleep inside our it necessary to urge him forward too weak to carry even half the farmer, Mr. wagon box. We were offered five with the whip. Not all heroes are neckyoke. A kindly

Balfour, afterward John my dollars means. by any for my dog—and refused human resident of Salt bishop, and now a last at the offer. we reached the head Then

Chestergave us hay. City, drab, Lake of main of Portneuf canyon, our migramemory and the My that field is a hill. Without upon lips. flat sore tion sagebrush was Everything dreams of my father's

seemed to be subordinated to the lay before us. Fifteen miles distant hay for our horses we could not

need for securing camphorice, lay Chesterfield. Father stopped have made it.

to a board gate, which at best afforded but temhis team, took a long look, and We drew up porary relief. But there was one turned to me. with a house sitting a considerable

father got red letter day when a kindhearted "How do you like it?"distance back. My

lady gave us a quart of milk. Was "I don't like it,"I said. down and started to the house.

ever nectar so sweet? The next moment I received a Before he had got half way, I saw

I recall our worst experience, backhand clip on the jaw that all a man running to meet him, a man overalls faded blue and denim stuck in awhen we became mudbut knocked me off the high spring in

Elder jumper. Hatch! I had never mileshole assistpossible from any

seen before except in a long, himance. It really a lake. Before was

:..... a Albe'rt black coat Prince and out every-.:we got unload had to we

thing from the wagon and carry it derby hat. He shook my father's

out through the water a distance of hand, embraced him, clapped him more than a hundred feet. Next upon the back again and again."

the wagon box was unloaded and Out from the house paraded dragged out, and finally the front three barefooted youngsters, all gears uncoupled from the back ones younger than myself.

and taken out in that way. But "Are you a fruit peddler?"the

once we were on our way my father oldest one asked.

was able to sing "Come, Come, Ye "No,"I replied dismally.

Saints,""Come all Ye Sons of They returned to the house lookZion,"or "Ye Elders of Israel,"at ing as disgusted as I did dejected.

the top of his voice. He knew Chesterfield is high and frosty, and

where he was going, and he knew raises no fruit. Such as they then

that he would get there. obtained came by way of wagon

from Brigham City. The visit of

"DEFORE we reached our desti- a fruit peddler's wagon was an nation one of our horses gave event. No wonder the boys were

out. There was no way to get disgusted.

another, and so there was but one "THE picture rises before me as thing to do. A staychain was though it were yesterday. A

hitched to the of the end doubleragged, small boy, dirty, forlorn, tree behind game, one gallant old EARLY HARVEST IN CENTRAL UTAH (Continued on page 448)

This article is especially -prepared for married women and men and for those who expect to be married.

That Wrappedin-Cellophane

By LookVIRGINIA CANNON NELSON

is not so much the abillusion, she turned out to

ITsence of a gold or platbe just another woman.

inum band on the third In the event of a baby's beringer of her left hand that ing added to the family, stamps a girl as unmarried, the relaxed effect seems a as it is that she wears about little more marked, and the her a sort of "wrapped in transition from the ornacellophane"look. It is a mental to the utilitarian, a

look of glamor and allure; little more realistic and

an appearance of pink and abrupt. Of course, this

white daintiness and a beisn't true of all wives.

coming fragility. Like the There are many mothers

cellophane wrapper which who look really younger the corner drug store used than their grownup in its window display to daughters; mothers, who

effectively dress up everyhave smartness and style thing from a tooth brush and with whom by conto a package of stationery, trast, their children look this look seems to set a girl dowdy. There are mothapart from the world as ers in abundance who have

something a little more charm, vivacity and the ornamental and precious. desire to please constantly

This "wrapped in cellowith them. But on the

phane look"in a girl is a whole, isn't it true that the product of careful hairmatter-offactness of margrooming, smart looking riage tends to destroy the clothes, trim foot gear, pretty front a girl displays stylishly worn hats, and to the world before her the right shade, if any, of marriage and gives her a lipstick. It is a look born slightly shopworn air?

of a conscious effort on the The husband must feel defraudgirl's part to act becominged when he finds that the glittering ly, to walk with an easy look of his best girl is just a fantasy grace, and to be always at that she doesn't bother to preserve her fascinating best. This after very long. Daily contact

look does something to a across the early morning breakfast man. It is provocative to table and night of soothing a colhis peace of mind. It icky baby are effective ways of dechanges him from a state stroying the cellophane radiance.

of contented singleness to He must accept as a substitute for an emotional unstableness the picture of perfection in his girl where he envisages the girl, that used to set his pulses racing, an gold and green effect, ornamenting excuse of "The baby was so cross his living room sofa. He is tortoday"or "I'm just too tired to get

the a desire to possessmented with cleaned up tonight"and the barecrea- fairylike, cellophaneradiant ture. faced fact of an unprepossessing apBut the "wrapped in celloneeds only the relaxation to the pearance in his wife. The husband

phane"look, after a year or two security of matrimony to destroy must soon realize that his wife's of married life usually turns out all the glamor. The girl was, after glamor was ephemeral, and her

to be as perishable as the celk>- all, no different. beauty not like that of the lilies of

phane wrapper itself. It somehow Stripped of the pink and white the field, to which the Master al428

-4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

luded, but very much a thing of dinner, perhaps, business acquainttipathy to Robert Montgomery.)

toiling and spinning. ances, whom they hope to impress So to every woman, who at the

stair, footsteps her of contract, a male signing a upon the of point there is in to said to be muchAND arnose, to her or dashes powder the perfection of their and by home justification wife. of the There

least there are locks, at her instance, a range is not, for wife. Thereare lapse the her reasons for obvious

in splendor; reasons like less parallel attempt on the part of the nine women now, who remain "as

money, less time, and less incentive husband to make himself the epithey were."

tome of everything gracious andthan she experienced before marparticular desirable the wife's when told, are women,riage. I am "THERE are also But there many

is are friends usually about; he faces, their less reasons, when reasonsother obvious, make up who

a grunt of preoccupawith retiring bed, carefully to and more deeperrooted. Sincebut time imsatisfied

is a catch in the proption. There painstakingly for daytime, thanmemorial, has beauty talked of man elements the feminine respective husit, to keep their feel, simply praising heaposition,in women, and by

when they are supposed to be cooks, bands in a happy daze of illusioning platitudes about it, composing odes to it, fighting battles over it, dressmakers, nurses, and launment. Think what effort it must

and systematically glorifying it, dresses, yet maintain a crisplycost them to keep the makeup unfor appearance waved simply the the smeared throughthey almost convinced and unmussy have women sake of a male few ideals the fondly it is relaxed positions of sleep.that a prerequisite to beauty And

woman; that it is her heritage and cherished before he was married. must cost them bitter moments to

her distinctive duty to do everyIn fact, with the coming to the see the husband, relaxed and snorthing within her power to encourscreen of Robert Montgomery and ing, and suffering no selfreproach age and preserve it. Men have been the late Rudolph Valentino, at woman's martyrdom. There

resourceful in this campaign for the women have been convinced that are books which tell of beauty lore belief in the necessity for beauty in there is something on the other side in the early mornings; of how the

women. They have conducted it alof the ledger, and that pulchritude wise woman will awaken well

ways with the same zest, perseverin men may be as devastating and enough ahead of her spouse to perance, and ingenuity that they are worshipful a thing in man as in mit a freshening up of her appearnow displaying in radio advertising. woman, and a quality to be as stimance before he opens his eyes. But

ulated cherished. and (And that, the are written books men. by Is it any wonder that woman

way, by the the secret is I am sure, propaganda. More The woman presentation ofsuccumbs to man's

the case and undertakes to keep it of every husband's particular an- (Continued on page 447) alive by employing all the arts known to women for the fostering of beauty? But after marriage,

who can blame her for neglecting to curl her hair, or exercise her sluggish muscles, when she sees her husband, staunch advocate of beauty in women, himself getting baldheaded and paunchy without a qualm or a misgiving. His passive acceptance of the changes in

himself, plus the habit of admiring

Venuslike creatures, must convince all but the most hopelessly blinded, loyal consort that the proposition is hardly a fair one. The wife's

judgment must soon tell her that man's energy in work, on one end of the scales is outweighed on the other end by the wife's duty to be both efficient and ornamental. So

unless she be of the very vain type, she rebels and permits the husband his disillusionment. She experiences a stage in life when she really

doesn't mind letting the man know that the "spick and span,"outof- a-bandbox air, is not a haphazard charm, but the result of painstaking, systematic and timeconsum- ing labor.

TT is not enough, say these women, for the husbands merely to well turnedpass them a few com- "TABLE TALK,"BY MARGUERITE pliments, trot then for and home SPRINGVILLEF. PEARSON.ART EXHIBIT,A PAINTING1935THAT WAS EXHIBITED IN THE

Painting by J. B. Fairbanks 'AS BRIGHAM YOUNG SAW IT"

PIONEER I jtT was an early SunBy veiled with a soft, bluish tint. "I

day morning. The spring air, wonder,"he continued, "if Brigmellowed by the morning sun, was GEORGE A. MUIR ham Young didn't see it like that

fragrant with sifted canyon perwhen he stopped here and said, fumes. 'This is the place.'A city, rising

Riding along the upper east That was unquestioned. As soon out of the mist."

bench, Jim Howard eased his foot as Jim found work. Jane brightened. "Can't you alto the brake and the small car came As if continuing a longbroken most hear them now? The Pioto a stop. conversation Jim said: neers! The oxen straining at their

He slumped down in the seat. "It was the same everywhere, yokes against the heavy loads; the

One hand clutched and twisted at Jane. Some questioned; some creaking wheels."

the periphery of the steering wheel didn't even bother. With all of "And there was work,"Jim

as it if he wanted to break a segment them the was dreamily. sixty, age. added "Sixteen or same—my out. or asked One two me to return all. there was work for man A

His dark eyes flashed on the one later. Just a bit of good natured could build a home for the one he

who sat so still beside him. She encouragement, I guess."loved."

was staring down, unseeing, while Silence! Jane leaned over close. "The

her nimble fingers twisted and Jim reached over and snapped on ones that didn't give up built that knotted a handkerchief until it was the radio. The Tabernacle Organ city, Jim,"she encouraged softly.

a moist, ball. wrinkled playing was voices. softly—then, Sipping of life's bitters they had "Come, come ye Saints."IHEN the choir, strong

grimaced at the first quaff. It was "Look! Jane,"Jim pointed, and clear; "All is well, All is

all so unfair; their having to wait. over the valley below, that was well."

Jim squeezed the hand that nestled his. in weeks previous 1WO ders breathed and at they had met the Gold He squareddeeply—ashis shoul-a and

Green Ball and had waltzed into conqueror.

each other's heart. It was as if a load had been

lifted. laughed, joyously, They

It all seemed strange, so so very, the and of song the lark mixed invery strange that love to had come their with laughter.

fully, sothem so completely at their will "This week I try again,"age. ripe love, filled with A said firmly. unJim cannot "Age holdderstanding. me back. Wednesday I shall be

They would finish life together. seventeen."

Worth Prayer for the Bridegroom Lamplighter

By Latia Mitchell Thornton By Alberta H. Christensen By Florence Hartman Townsend

I am laid beneath the dews andTF WHEN damps,* ToI shallserveplantthe travelera tree in the days to be; THISmeanis his wedding day, dear God; I

Though I shall nothing gain The little boy, who yesterday it seems, If men shall say, "She merely lighted

I'm richer that I have not lived in vain. Chased butterflies among the clover bloom. lamps I cannot think that all his boyish dreams—The lamp of truth in some dark lane of

If I shall till a field The pirate hut, the grassy lanes of June, doubt, of hope where hope had flickThat gives for hungry men its fragrant And bandaged toes—are memoried so soon The lampered out, yield,

Lifted above the sod I would not have it otherwise, dear God The lamp of joy where hearts were dim

It shall bear witness for me, unto God. It isn't that I grieve to have him go, with grieving,

But You who know the language of the The lamp of faith in some lost pilgrim's heartIf I shall one flower grow read my meaning in this prayer, I Oh, ifevening;"they say, "Her life was like a flame, cheers another in a lonely hour, WillThat

And makes a better earth, know. Lighting securely the darkness when she

came,"I shall have proven I pray, help honor's path be true—him that my life had worth. To lie shall content and still, my ashes this his to height young Then which That new &fgtekill. death cannot a glow And in my heart feet climb

Not Alone This heartsglisteningas one—bond which makes two

By Margaret Jane Cole May gleam untarnished to the end of time. Last Straw

all mortals he when And blunders—and is to ready go, now Rennelly By ArdythSHE do

Life, since will it so: have you

I'll I his take be hand, cannot So far

All the she to do, things meant if care there been no had to too her wife WOULDN'T be and mother Help tricks theAll her knew, body I moon, her than unmore To aslove—God—let subtleties theAll of brain sky, flowercolored in up derstand! moon No

again. use needShe never see there oh, But there?—andthe -K<S9*S- arts, are was—you dear: theseThese once were I thought

She leaves them now without a fear. I'd see it from the garden with you by.

It is time; her soul has rent Companioned

I'd dressed so gay with foolishbeating detaining ligament:The

heart desire,Delight, ambition, sleep, By Vesta Pierce Crawford blue, a pearls of In and perfume and gown cares these she to of keep;None

life the each of road one walks I velvet in the waited dark while And free and naked THATNo little alone I to to you. a sing thought song goes LifeShe with her—she regrets;goes—and all, I at said, has not Someone know why shell! leaves her uncompanionedNot

if single there care has been not a gone I wouldn't moon, day had no For for me is is well!All well—all call. silly at in the sky, jonquil legion armored an Without up moon my No

But oh, there was, my dearest love. Why

That questing caravan who passed of old else

Tradition Along this shadowed hill and valley way Should I begin so senselessly to cry?

Now rim my own rough path in phalanx

By Edgar Daniel Kramer bold—

"File on! File on!"Their voices seem

boast that we are free, but we are to say: SabbathWEslaves

Within the shackles of a tyrant rule She whom they left in the prairie earth By Margaret Wheeler Ross

We stumble helplessly into our graves, As the wagons rolled on to the West, birth kind of God to give us one rest visioned the her only dreams had As little children gaping at a fool. And

crest: reared the empire HOWday mountain Of an on

We love and laugh, yet tremble at a dream, Between the six of labor, that we may

And follow in the narrow, beaten track, He who walked across the barrier plain, Refresh ourselves, with sermon and with

And him, whose eyes have dared to glimpse Long weary miles of solitude and sand song, the gleam, He hoped each labored step would help Cheering the wayside, as we walk along

We break beneath the cross upon his to gain The path of life.

back; The shelter of that distant promised land.

For in His house the heavy heart may find

And him we crown with thorns and They who turned the untamed desert sod, Sweet consolation, and the tired mind crucify, Who moved the rocks and clinging brush Get inspiration, and the hungry soul

And give him galled vinegar to drink, away, Feed on the fruits of His word, making

Then, rearing him against the dying sky, And rendered all the grateful praise to God whole

We stand and jeer, because he dared to For heavy wheatheads reaped on harvest The tattered life.

think. day.

Oh, welcome glad and holy day of rest!

We boast that we are free, and yet we go I do not walk alone this road of mine, One out of seven, to His service blest;

Unquestioning in ways the years have For lo, each day along the path I see May we direct our lives as God decreed trod, The shining vanguard of that faithful line For all mankind:

And all our little wisdom blinds us so Who lift their blazoned shields aloft for Much work, a little rest, if we would lead

That we mistake our glory for our god. me! The perfect life.

..

it to bring back my own Today I Have Seen Shadows Every—has storysomethingI read, inmovie I see, incident I hear of

being iron stupidity the with afternoon which on rPHE ever, perhaps, laid again not on a wound shockyet—orof a hot in is a beautiful Sabbath thisMay—withis being writtenbridalhealed."utter

wreath bending lacy boughs down with its wealth of bloom, and the air sweet with the scent of Said the other: "Whenever I let myself think

flowers and the song of birds. This morning it about me, I find myself wondering, crazily, if

seemed to me that the world was the most glowsometime or other the blackness in my heart will surprise seep into wouldn't me my light and ever place ingly happy veins—it imaginable—that if after awhile, little darker a to find skin my be in every heart. must and joy warmth

later, it is I have seen shadows. hours and Now

least, girls, at bridalwreath today is cleanliness—thatI don't get away won'tfrom thiswashdreadfulaway."sense of unthree To

but a white mockery of what anything bridal And again, from the first: "Girls who will

there are any who can take another's could mean to them; flowers cannot blot out the listen—if

condisagreeable realization that all is not sweet, nor word—each of you has an idea of what you

birds sing to peace the tumult in their souls. For sider the most desirable possession in life. One

three girls, this heavenly day in May, are seeing might think position—to be envied of others; its glory through a veil of disenchantment and one thinks of fame—to be known and admired

a disillusion. They are girls who know that there by many; one of clothes and jewels—to make is a world of difference between today and other striking appearance; one of knowledge—to be

Mays which have gone before. able to meet brilliant minds and flash back underStrange that there should be three girls in the standing; one longs for money for travel; one for same day with the same problem; but there are. popularity—

One of them first told me her story a month or "But listen to have to listen! You me—you known some of the things so ago; one about two weeks ago and the third must!... I have

one just today for the first time, coming with you think so wonderful; I have thought them

the second one to join our pitiful little discussion. wonderful too. I've had travel, education, goodThree girls have admitted, of their own volition, looks and popularity—but I'd gladly give them

that for a moment's imagined thrill they have up and give up any chance of ever having one of given up months of contentment. Their stories them again if I could but own once more that

have enough in common to read almost like one precious thing I gave away so thoughtlessly—sole differently, in possession of my own self-—and pride in it."story—except that each will end

all probability. It is the old, old story of a girl "To have to live with a self you have cause

who thought that love was all that mattered, and to despise is like being shut up for life in a prison that love was largely physical. It is the story of cell with a girl whose ideals are lower than yours,

the girl through the ages who has found ashes of whose sincerity and strength you question, whose bitterness in her soul in place of the molten gold cleanliness of body and mind you are not sure of.

she dreamed of melting from the ore of a tooYou can't choose the family with whom you must the marof experience intimate alchemy without the choose you. you can And girls—live—but carries the render out power to riage which real choose a decent pal can you you like and whom

gold. with and talk over your affairs; not one whom

No confidence is being violated in telling what you dare not question because you know the they have told me; one of them asked me to. answer; not one whom you cannot look in the

"If what I've learned could serve to warn even eyes, because you know what you will find there."

one other girl, before it is too late, I'd feel that it This is the message they have asked to bring all desperately so in vain. you not been had Do is girls to these you, bitterness spirit of whose

let it if should help you think anyone would talk imagination. at look them and To

,.. I beyond feelings are?"what them know And my casually with northink them would them you

it it will. In perhaps perhaps thought would;

girls; cermal, bit cynical, a perhaps happy but

little plea to their their comes words you—own tainly that. than no more

if girls the of you wondering be Church may who are not missing something of excitement and exToday I have seen shadows.

perience. The value those shadows might have is to warn

"Can't anyone make girls understand that such others to keep out in the sunlight of truth and experiences aren't worth the cost? For one short strength and goodness; to test every value they

period of excitement I flung to the winds al) have with the question, "Will it lighten or darken chance of ever feeling decent within myself again. my life—and that of others?"E. T. B.

A few who expected immediate transformaonly have theJuly 24—A Church Holiday tions—the men and women who

discouraged radishes"to became courage "plant Pioneer Day, 24, July look upon whoTHOSE vast the their but dreams; a forsook few and thought not holiday, have a as merely Utah "acorns plant and could those majority, who date. that significance of thecarefully Though of their of task at doggedly stuck for the oaks"wait the state which in union the only beUtah may soil. reluctant the society a rearing upon new

it throughobserved to be as a holidaylooks upon these of men, of daughters many sons and The wherever state, the Church, of theout members fire, their in the their eyes in same have them, a experience be, when glow but cannotthey may the their souls faith, in same hearts the same that dawns. day their figuratively, are, covered in patience and

its outcast; become had Church young The horizons crossing the over many today wagons

before, been years murthreeprophet, had only art, but of science and with the lands into new a organization; the in factions theredered; were inthat goes their equipment part of as a them themfound a brave vanguard of membersfew

visible banner..

a surrounded wilderness inselves a desolate by can never are not over, days Covered wagon uninwaste, almostthousand milesradius—of lasts, and hope form as dreams over as long trappers combe and except for a fewhabited land

paratively unknown tribes of Indians. On July and July Twentyfourth will always stand as a to celebrate and uponTwentyfourth Brigham Young and his lieuday among days—a day

tenants called that first group together on the site which to praise God. H. R. M.

of what is now Salt Lake City and declared that spotthat would mark the headquarters, the pracJune Conference tical center Church. of the

By that act a crisis had been passed and July THE June Conference just closed, like all others,

Twentyfourth had taken its place along with may take its place among the best ever held.

April 6 as one of the dates of prime importance Unusually inspirational meetings were held in a to the Church. It became important, politically, city made lovely by sunshine and flowers and

to the state of Utah as the birthday of that comthe ever smiling Utah skies.

it that. It than wasmonwealth, but was more is in Conference had of the brief summary A center locationthe consequent date of the and new report will be complete this magazine, but a more

of the Church. given in August.

No matter where a Latterday Saint may be residing, July Twentyfourth becomes one of his sacred days—a. day to be remembered, hallowed, BeeHive House and Lion celebrated. This year many different flags and

-unionjacks will fly over Latterday Saint gatherHouse Marked ings on the holiday, but invisible and among them the Lion House, the placed BeeHive upon It will place take the ensign of not God.—thewill be one banner which floats over all the world ()N Sunday, June 1 0, markers which had been used Presidency the First the Office of House, and nations, righteous of the flags with of or do away

but it will wave over all as nations form into a by Brigham Young and succeeding presidents magnificent brotherhood which will extend before the present magnificent Church Office around the world. building was erected, were unveiled in the presBecause the citizens who celebrated that first ence of a small crowd of interested Church

occasion in 1 847 had their homes in covered members and citizens. Elder George Albert Smith,

wagons, the Covered Wagon has become the president of the Utah Pioneer Trails and Landsymbol of that holiday. In a very real sense, it marks Association, presided.

was the castle of the Saint. President Heber J. Grant gave the history of

In a way, the Covered Wagon has become the the Presidency's office; President J. Reuben Clark,

symbol of all pioneers in every field of endeavor. Jr., of the BeeHive House; and President David

Those prairie schooners, children of the old May- O. McKay, of the Lion House.

flower, had more in them than mere household During the course of his remarks President goods and people. They were loaded to the McKay read a report from the United States Debows with dreams of a new empartment of the Interior in which it was stated dreams—great pire, built upon the foundation of Brotherly Love. that the buildings had been designated as being

No wonder our artists picture those men and among the historic structures of the nation which women who followed the long trail with uplifted ought to be preserved and that, therefore, the Dechins and prophecy in their eyes! They were partment had caused to be drawn up and filed in

dreamers all—Millennium builders who beheld a the Library of Congress complete descriptions and

new heaven and a new earth shining entrancingly measurements of them which would enable archithrough the graygreen hills of sage and the deep tects to reproduce the buildings exactly should any blue of the distant, misty mountains. catastrophe destroy them. H. R. M,

M. LA. Slogan for 193536

WE STAND FOR SPIRITUALITY AND HAPPINESS IN THE HOME

The Challenge of Charm Magic Some women have a magic way Of putting cheer into a room! The Art of Being aWoman

see hands I never a woman's spring, the the first crocus of By see burnishings, their at swiftlyMove eventide, the at mountains, mauve to bear seem always they thatBut flicker of the wings. likeness to white flyingA

trust in chilKATIE C. JENSEN firefliespurple inof thethedusk,dawn,the at giving beautiful are soThey

A cheerful, happy—Gracelook toNollliving.Crowell. sweetdren's music,faces. theYouplaintivehave earsnotesto hearof

Make yourself thus lovely* evening birds, the patter of spring admiration* in stand humble So rains youngers roof, voice the the of upon—tall, see I shall wish to be* as you youOLDERS,

'I you.'love saying someone You see otherwise. tho'the world Even short—blondes,

life, feet into to carry have you besingle—allbrunettes—married, eagerly, are expectantly, you why listen all called will stop and long to the group "Charmwho To

taking life so seriously?"ing Ladies."The word "lady"—the mirror speaks—friendly but

seems quaint, an echo from a memfrank and without favoritism. It Nona, eighteen, a crisp white

ory world. "Woman"has taken asks the question, "Are you the bow at her throat, a hat becomingis a composite you, you would like to be?"It ly perched upon one shelllike ear,on new coloring—it

of reflects much more than a shiny supple waist, slender hips, white if one cares to pause and slippers below the ankles of a thority. youth—age—type—personalIt may be plus or less—but nose, still "woman."With a new apsearch its depths and ponder. It oughbred—paused breathlessly.

preciation for that word our talks quietly and tempers truth "Hello,"cried the mirror, "in spite memories remind us that nothing with logic. I have imagined girls of your red lips I see a pair of tired

brought girls to time as quickly as and women of my acquaintance eyes (too little sleep). There are

lines around your mouth thatGrandmother saying, as she raised passing before it—blondes—red some

say you are a little dissatisfied and a daintily poised finger, "Rememheads—brunettes—little girls—counhappy. Is it envy? Jealousy? ber, my dear, you are a lady."eds—brides—mothers—business

Disappointment? Are you sulky?"Creating women for a definite women—society buds—teachers

I Jane,"before then pass it. "Come, and I a part of the new "I know am

say. fancied the mirror I heard of theirthreads—colors—pattern,purpose,left to themthe Creatorthe weavingfurnished the stenographers. One by one they Nona smiled back at the mirror. I brave. need to be world and To

own design. He expected a thing Jane is thirteen, tall, wondering, be popular with my friends, to go

of beauty, loveliness. He did not affectionate, forgetful, spontaneous, over in life, I must have an interest

ask for reproductions, but indisensitive, lovable. "Where is your in others more than myself. I will

vidual models. He expected differchin? It is such a nice chin and look out and up. I will forget the

ent models or He would have made should be up so I can look into ugly things, honest I will. Next

roses, but no two of them for me and smooth out the frown eyes, no ugly lines, no selfishness,—allthem alike. Like roses in a garden your eyes and feel your soul. Smile time I come you will see no tired

with the same coloring, perfume, that shows at the top of your atno doubt."

petals, size, beauty. tractive nose. What if that teasing

brother of yours did say your legs A/fRS. NELSON ascended the old

A Mirror Talks were long and your hands big, and stone steps heavily. "Please

like voices? that didn't loud boys a for stay the said mirmoment,"visitor as the she(GREETING nice people, love say up and Look ror. are a a good woman, "You enters historic the old Lion friendly, things, be your kind and housewife. a have husband You social a forHouse, popular center will beauty within and come from care children. and do you Why girls Salt and of City Lake women will straighten shoulders your with I little for so appearance? your is vicinity, mirror, antiqueand an living."the joy of is figure because don't your mind just great opposite the door. oak

Inscribed thereon are the following "Just a minute please,"to the matronly, but the spasmodic care words: tired school teacher who was dabyou have given your face and your

Preen bing a speck of powder on her nose. hair has done little toward enhancYourself Daintily* "What excuse have you for looking your attractiveness. I can see

Tumble and twist those lustrous locks* ing so?""I am so tired of teaching you have had a permanent wave,

Arrange thus and them so* is coarse and crows glisten as white teeth tiny pearls school. I am getting old, children but your skinHave the

in a ruby miracle of curves* get on my nerves, I don't get feet show that you worry over foolthings. reveals matter See to your mouth but hiding enough Your how ish infiniteeyes—modestemotion* are I that cares.""I care,"and you scold nag, you look—nobodypay, it doesn't

said the mirror, "and I am only the sorry for yourself.""Be quiet,"

frail roseForget the cheeks* not for your reflection Nelson. peoreplied Mrs. of hundreds home, of what "My

see that is like slender ivory* neck yourAnd children are seeing. take all of have so John and much my You shoulders your round ple as smooth andAnd

as a visioned Dione* to be beautiful with, eyes that can my time. They will love me no

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 matter how I look or act, but if I "O! woman, you were never made are two of the most attractive attrionly loved, to be butes of charm. kind of enAny

women understood—justeach think that the other is thusiasm calls forth It attention. hadI—."regular hours like other Youto be

dear,"said the mirror, "O! my the only one has time or who is like a always a draws fire—it loves "I you, John know but lovely, to be why money charming. crowd. But Life does not miss us; we

not make him proud of you, too. listen all of you young women and let it pass us by, because we are

the children to introMake happy girls is an oldnot enthusiastic about it. Bliss of today—there their friends. duce to yourBring fashioned this charm about which Carman love right good says, "A

self a lot of happiness. Before you generation knows little, and should affair will develop personality

married John you primped, bathed, learn. I know you think that in quicker than any other thing."

curled, get and powdered, to him. years gone were conby women Have you ever noticed a how doing to you What are hold him? sidered girl because charming they in love glows, sparkles, radiYou loved him enough to marry blushed when someone said leg inates charm? You forget her nose

him and want to please him. Do stead of limb, screamed and fainted is long, her hair is colorless—for you know how much that stray when anything unusual happened, she has flashes of beauty that simlock sticking straight the out at in sat demurely feeling a corner ply fascinate those see her. who back neck disturbs of your him? terribly because wicked they were Such beauty may come from Do you know that you are his banthinking things they dare not say, thusiasm as well. enner? Under what colors are you and timidity was an asset and that The person who can be enthuwaving? Hie did not marry a today's girls can see no charm in siastic about the successes of others

vacuum cleaner, he married for that. is the delightful personality.

companionship. His love would And you listen, you older

be warmer and richer if you would women, who think today's daugh- J-JAVE you a pet enthusiasm?

pack your toothbrush and run ters lack qualities of charm: MethSome call it a hobby. A new

away for a weekend with him. ods and tricks may vary with conenthusiasm often changes a personality. dress blue doesn't cost little any The meek A smart ditions, but woman fundamentals—never. indefinite than more an who found one, drab for no place herself in are the same today as yester- a They

becoming hat will be just as apday. Today's charm is only an society decided to give up life with

propnate as one built on matronly outgrowth of the loveliness of yesothers and live by herself. She

lines, a smart, perky bow will add teryears. It is just as alluring, gathered old magazines, found her-

a lettuce look to your appearance."though not as subtle and hidden. self cutting out paper dolls, finally

The mother smiled (she looked Today, blushes are rubbed on making clay models, miniature men so young when she smiled). "I yesterday they were revealed and women. Today she directs a

toy shop in New York, has money am grateful—I have been thinking through sensitive emotions. Toonly tired mothers were good day we know that happiness conand happiness. She found her life's

mothers, that a mother who was sists of courage, anticipation, enwork through an enthusiasm.

gifts? selfsacrificingmission—that Johnwas fulfillingand the chilher thusiasm,ture in yourhope,heart,eagerness,and we goadvenout What have you done with your

dren liked a clean home and good to capture it. Long ago, maidens Strive to reach the bubbling cooking and—."and matrons waited for happiness

I mean) but, respond to Definitely—directly in came the to come into the home and find point.temper Do not boil over (with

tired business girl. "Come, be them. Each generation needs the the interesting things in life and

more beautiful,"said the mirror. other. Let us blend the oldpeople. "Thou art enlarged by

"What excuse have you for looking fashioned sincerity, daintiness, vir thine own shining."Enthusiasm

as you do? You are efficient, but tue, consideration, modesty, exgives life to everything it touches.

where is your charm?"quisite femininity, with the modThere are many women without enough expression in their ern tolerance, friendliness, franktired, serious, T busy, so and AM faces, whose intonations are ness, tact, too pride in personal apdiscouraged. yesteronly Why monotonous. should loosen They pearance, speech behavior. and The I day lunched friend. with old an up and become expressive. more more the charming the woman, married young, She has enough there are But those overem- who the happier the world, better the the to herself time and keepmoney phasize to the point taste.- of bad. is life. men, richer the up. She is happy, gorgeous."a Have natural enthusiasm because "Never the mind,"answered believe you in a thing. in Plain Tune Enthusiasm—themirror. must have enough "You with the better things life of Woman's and Glorybusiness ability to a business make be enthusiastic, but do not "rave"of showing your up beauty TF your enthusiasm is dead, own then about them.

and attractiveness. Shine up your you are old. Some people's tombfine points and cultivate an apprestones should read—"died at 30, rPHE question of just how enthuciation in for beauty 60."at buried siastic of The woman over one may be a man,and things."Instantly is life—peoplethe reflectoday naturally charming because is a big question in the average

tion of the little business girl was she is enthusiastic about life, peowoman's mind. The fitness of

that of a smartly attired young pie, things. Appreciation promotes things, conditions, personalities,

radiant, murmurenthusiasm. bells"are must all "Dumb be taken into considerabe successful iningwoman—poised,to herself, "To out of date because they tion. do not at Goodtaste all times

life, I must feel fit, look fit, act fit."ring. Enthusiasm is the electricity should regulate all demonstrations

As these acquaintances of mine of the soul. Vitality is typical of of friendship between men and

passed along, the mirror mused, youth. Enthusiasm and vitality (Continued on page 447)

Janeflddams—World Citizen

By

for Research Institute Juvenile the crime suggests only and TOcago,many people the name, Chithe establishment ten years later of MARY BEELEY William Dr. famous by made it means others to Al Capone;

social work and Jane Addams. Healy, but inspired in large part

The casual visitor to this great This essay written about by Miss Addams. Her interest in

of juvenile delinquency out grew the massee only metropolis would direct sordid the knowledge of parks, and one of America's greatest her the sive buildings, boulevards; but the more thoughtwomen and one of the world's influences which surround the

for ask ful Number person would noblest hearts, is by a young youthican cities.of ChicagoShe sawandtheotherdanceAmerhalls of location Street, the Halsted 806

America's first and most famous lady who sees in the matron of and the gin palaces commercializing settlement and the home of Jane HullHouse a truly great joy and confusing gaity with lust.

her books, famous In one of "The resident. its head Addams, world citizen. Since this arSpirit the of City and Youth social center is not This famous

approached through Chicago's ticle was -put in type Jane Streets,"she says: "This stupid

It goldcoast. wellknown is in Addams has passed away but experimentand failing toof organizeorganizingplayworkhas slums the westside the heart of

where for the past forty or fifty her work goes on. brought about a fine revenge."To

years immigrant Poles, Russians, help meet this problem she and her

Greeks and Italians have made their friends created the Juvenile Proorganization tective Association, an to become in an effort homes for HullJane and which Addams imhas promoted which many Americans. this largely are in responsible House interest of the in reforms portant is a social is in the A settlement center country the improvement

where people of all kinds gather in conditions of child labor. Shortly youth.

the purposes of of an AmerOne justice. friendship of search and after of Hullestablishment the

is interpret ican settlement to help first settlement was the HullHouse child labor the of problem House life society to the our immiand States was in the and United dramatically was somewhat grant. to been has aim Another years fortyfive ago by founded her attention. to In her brought foreigner those protect the from the It been has Jane Addams. first best book, and "Twenknown exploit him. would who unsatisof improving means many at Miss ty Years HullHouse,"

citizensense of Miss Addams'life affecting the conditions factory says: Addams

far as limit as ship has no known in Chicago. the of poor at first very Christmas "Our are race nationality concerned. and child, was Jane a As Addams as yet HullHouse, knew when we

is altruism, the of She symbol in the travel required abroad to a child labor, of nothing number justice, peace, equality. Her and in health. interest her While of little girls ofrefused the of candy ditravels her have abroad made things which she Europe saw many Christfered as a the part of them life rectly the acquainted and with settlelater establish a led to her cheer, that simply saying good mas their alien peoples in labors of naChicago. westside of the ment on in factory they a candy 'worked tive this land; to her enabled cope visited she in ToynWhile London it.'sight bear the of not could and their they with problems when aucbee being food Hall and saw six discovered for that weeks We arrived this in country. off in the slums the tioned poor to the in seven they from had worked

she In Spain of saw Whitechapel. at until night; they nine morning the of pROFESSOR LOVETT vats carrying heavy peasant women satisfied. as as well were exhausted said: University of Chicago has the hot wine; sometimes of hot stern consciousness of sharp The not have "Jane Addams may severe splash, liquid leaving would conditions economic thus was interprinciples discovered the of faces. their burns arms and on in thrust us the season of upon experience nationalism her through life early experiences in imThese similar will."good These and it is at easily withHull-House, but explain greatly pressed her very and reseries incidents led a to of up in that to the truth say of bounds social later career as in a her part in factory conditions forms of lived there could she withnot have reformer. Illinois. practicing were, out them. There

early of to the death P)UE her ANOTHER achievement in the dredby count,differenta fewlanguagesyears ago,and dialectsa huninto mother, Jane thrown was intimate contact with her father. field of child welfare for which spoken in Chicago, and the most

Jane her HullHouse and Addams of the been heard have within them great companions. became They

is the friends be credited, must last thirty years in the streets that life outlook His on was a great force in molding Jane's character Juvenile Court movement. The border the famous settlement.

and ideas. Like all Quakers, Jane's Illinois law of 1899 created the HullHouse thus came to represent

father was an ardent pacifist. This Chicago Juvenile Court which was an asylum for European nations

ideal of peace, in fact, has been the the first children's court in the impartial, sympathetic, undercentral purpose and objective in all United States, the famous Denver standing; the America to which

Miss Addams'later work. Court following soon after. More Europe instinctively turned for.

One of the great achievements unique, perhaps, than the court was (Continued on page 446) all things; but it it governs

it at present, can neither here, On Priesthood nants,launchesas landmarks;into the ocean,but requiresa marinera morewho before,does notBy PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR certain criterion; he must be acquainted further than the laws of God and its

This is a continuation of last with heavenly bodies, and take his obauthority is acknowledged. Jesus said,

month's article. See June Era. servations from them, in order to steer all power is given Me in heaven and

his barque aright. Those books are on earth; yet He was rejected, cast out,

npO point out all the different laws, good for example, precedent, and inand crucified. Paul explains this mat-

* powers, and authorities in the vestigation, and for developing certain ter. "What is man that thou art

Church, would be a thing impractilaws and principles; but they do not, mindful of him? or the Son of Man,

cable; and to refer to all the different they cannot touch every case required that thou visited him? Thou madest

cases wherein it might be used, is to be adjudicated and set in order; we him a little lower than the angels; thounot to be attempted. God has orrequire a living tree—a living fountain crownedst him with glory and honor,

of priestintelligence, proceeding a priesthood,ganized the works and that didst set him over from and—living

all things in heaven, pertaining the living hast put priesthood bears rule in all thingshood thy hands: Thou

to the earth and the heavens; one through the living priesthood on earth. in subjection under his feet. For in

him, it the existspart all subjection in anunder heavens, of in put that he communicated matter was what No is under earth; not coother the part put that they both on left nothing he benefit it not to them, for others, could

all yet seeoperate the together not for building up But we him. now a is better than living us; dog a and

orwas Zion, the the deadof of He redemption him."under things put that the time from dead lion;—and then did not living, pass the to the but bringing that power,and and to dained first a received communication Adam not all church, and it restitutionthe "times the the of of in possess only that John, to the on time God, from bindthe closely as are andthings;"coming, they thus and second until His his received isle comPatmos, of the

it it is possessunited, necessary that there should He Satan would of ing the or had Joseph Smith munication, be a communication between the one heavens opened to him, it always reamong the nations.

other, the that the thoseand and on the to aurevelations, adapted councils different quired and are new There receiveearth instructions should from the in are in which circumstances peculiar which Church, the in thorities inthose acthe heavens, are who placed. with individuals together were defined, or churches measure somequainted earthly as as heavwith well instruct of did revelation not the in duties, their Book Adam's of someenly things, the experience having had his did ark; Noah's which to build nor but Covenants, Noah and Doctrine

officiated as both, theof they in once tell forsake to revelation Sodom; whose Lot understood, and generally are not

earth. priesthood thesame This on the dethese speak of either of to impossible did it nor be would powers

it case, is it will thebeing seen that be Israel children of the from attempt of here departure I shall not fine, which anda different impossible to thing make for all revelations in had These some Egypt. briefly show, to but do, to

case, itlaws touching every that but Isaiah, Jereso themselves, position relative had and particulars, the fewrequires living a priesthood, a not and Paul, Peter, John, Jesus, Ezekiel, other. miah, each to in stand they which

letter; letter killeth the thedead but shall or we, so Joseph, we must and he living Smith was Joseph When life;Spirit is it giveth interthe and a shipwreck. make all councils, and of president the wascourse the and communication of

books, while examine our he stood Then, Church; we authorities in the allpriesthood that in heaven, gives power,

let diligently, don't search revelator, and them and prophet, seer as priestand to the livinglife, and efficacy hood on the earth, and without which us put those before the priesthood, but apostle; the chief Apostle of the

they would be as dead and withered seek to support it in all its branches, Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday as the salvation health, that life, before and and may Saints. God He stood life, Ifbranches. has or any man

the branches the various flow to us through Church on representative of Hispower, it is life the of the power and beto be unchannels. his absence, the wish I do not Twelve earth. Inpriesthood; the gift of and power God or

for in, not books, as despising those stepped authority, derstood in ing next regular thecommunicated through channels of the priesthood, both in they are good, and there are a great to deprive him of his place, which he heaven and on earth; and to seek it many useful revelations in them; and still occupies in the heavens, but to

without, would be like a stream seeking God will not deny himself, or confulfil their office and calling, and the the reveto cause, sustain they his former relationship without whichto its tradict, be supplied water with when is his counprinciple of truth lations; did not and every Church; but whyfountain was dried up; or like a branch

seeking to obtain virtue when the eternal and cannot be changed. But I selors occupy his place? Because they

trunk of the tree was cut off by the speak of them as I would of children's were not ordained to that authority, root: and to talk of a church without schoolbooks, which a child studies to and they, therefore, could not act in

this is to talk of a thing of naught, learn to read; but when it has learned it no more than the king's cabinet

a dried fountain, a dead and withered to read, if its memory is good, it can could reign over the nation after the tree. dispense with. But I would here reking's death.

The Bible is good; and Paul told mark, that we are most of us children On the demise of a king, it is necesTimothy to study it, that he might be as yet, and, therefore, require to study sary that another should be crowned in

a workman that need not be ashamed, our books. If there are any, however, his stead, and this must be the rightful

and that he might be able to conduct who think themselves men, let them heir. It is not enough that he is his

—thehimselfpillararightandbeforegroundthe oflivingtruth.church,The showboasts, it,butnotby byvirtue,vainmeekness,glory or purity,empty companionme remark thator counselor;there is a materialand here diflet

churchmark, with Paul, was the faith, wisdom, intelligence, and knowlference between a counselor and a presfoundation, the pillar, the ground of edge, both of earthly and heavenly ident. There are some quorums in

truth, the living church, not the dead things. the Church, wherein so much difference

letter. The Book of Mormon is good, To define the power of the priestdoes not exist, as the High Council and

and the Book of Doctrine and Covehood would be impossible, for, as stated (Continued on page 446) 241,263 Assignments Filled 623 (2,238); Rigby, 2,148 (9, of Brigham Young, who told them in456); Roosevelt, 1,610 (6,385). cidents from the life of the President

in First Quarter Sacramento, 290 (2,960); St. and of some of his family. Joseph

AGAINST a goal set at 250,000 George,921 (3.987);1,872 (7,656);St. Joseph,St. Johns,1,603 Donto theCarloscemeteryYoung,for thea son,openingwho wentservassignments to be filled by mem- (9,014); Salt Lake 5,070 (17,- ices, greeted the boys at the offices of

bers of the Aaronic Priesthood in the 316); San Bernardino, 159; San FranPresident Young, built in 1852.

first three months of 1935, onefourth cisco, 852 (6,086); San Juan, 1,187 From the Young family cemetery,

of the quota for the year, 241,263 (3,555); San Luis, 543 (3,657); the groups went to the Eagle gate,

were reported. Sevier, 1,933 (6,009); Sharon, 3,033 where this historic structure was exFilling of one million assignments (5,567); Shelley, 1,080 (5,886); plained to them, then to the BeeHive

for the year is the major project of the Snowflake, 1,991 (5,873); South House and Lion House, and thence to

Aaronic Priesthood. The standing of Davis, 1,988 (9,048); South Santhe steps of the Church Office building,

the stakes at the end of the first three pete, 1,723 (7,168); South Sevier, where leaders of the Church greeted

months, showing the number of assign- 2,086 (5,137); South Summit, 2,048 them.

ments filled with the quota for the year (5,300); Star Valley, 1,674 (6,- President Heber J. Grant said he

placed in parenthesis is as follows: 846); Summit, 809 (5,316); Taywas delighted to meet the assembled

Alberta, 2,714 (6,428); Alpine, lor, 1,592 (5,924); Teton, 3,166 group and congratulated them on being

1,216 (6,601); Bannock, 1,215 (3,- (5,108); Timpanogos, 1,356 (4,- present on this occasion. President

872); Bear Lake, 1,973 (6,228); 793); Tintic, 1,230 (3,231); David O. McKay, second counselor to

Bear River, 1,677 (9,076); Beaver, Tooele, 1,907 (7,992); Twin Falls, President Grant, congratulated the

1,073 (5,850); Benson, 2,437 (12,- 1,185 (4,326); Uintah, 2,610 (7,- young men on "having accepted the

881); Big Horn, 2,079 (5,851); 476; Union, 638 (2,876; Utah, greatest responsibility that could come

Blackfoot, 2,353 (9,256); Blaine, 6,421 (15,891); Wasatch, 1,658 to you, the reception of the Holy

767 (5,219); Boise, 1,692 (9,358); (6,291); Wayne, 1,550 (3,491); Priesthood. This implies trust,"he

Boxelder, 2,719 (12,918); Burley, Weber, 3,682 (12,102); Wells, 4,- added, "and to be trusted is better

3,184 (6,898); Cache, 2,810 (9,- 207 (15,334); West Jordan, 1914 than to be loved."

440); Carbon, 2,692 (9,276); Cas- (8,819); Woodruff, 2,273 (5,884); Elder Reed Smoot of the Council

sia, 403 (2,307); Cottonwood, 3,146 Yellowstone, 1,292 (6,787); Young, of the Twelve spoke next, saying that

(13,540); Curlew, 366 (2,307); 691 (2,592) and Zion Park, 895 in no place else in the world could such

Deseret, 1,857 (6,915); Duchesne, (2,899). a sight be witnessed as he saw before

East 557 Jordan, (5,907); 11,318 the holding of boys him—thousands Emery, (10,453); 2,580, (9,080); Priesthood of God. "There is a work

Ensign, 2,366 (16,372); Franklin, ahead for everyone in the Church,"he

1,667 (7,632); Fremont, 3,233 (11, Aaronic Priesthood Restorasaid, "and the Church will never be

Garfield, 008); Gran657 (4,532);

ite, 8,443 (20,644); Grant, 4,910 tion Celebration Interests tooto seeoldyou."to include you. I am delighted

(10,646); Gridley, 602 (2,944); Thousands Elder Joseph Fielding Smith, of the

Gunnison, 967 (4,624); Hollywood, Council of the Twelve, said: "Amen

4,272 (12,683); Hyrum, 2311 (7,- QELEBRATION on May 18 of the to what has been said."Presiding

956); Idaho, 838 (3,072); Idaho 106th Anniversary of the restoraBishop Sylvester Q. Cannon was inFalls, 2,009, (12,382); Juab, 1,060 tion of the Aaronic Priesthood which troduced and said he would speak to

(5,409); Juarez, 902 (2,267); occurred May 15, 1829, attracted the boys later in the Tabernacle at a

Kanab, 1,679 (4,152). thousands of members to the various special organ recital.

Kolob, 5,142 (7,054); Lehi, 2,102 temples of the Church. This article Following the meeting of the

(5,291);Lethbridge, 1,129 (4,844); describes the celebration at Salt Lake Aaronic Priesthood with the Church

Liberty, 7,200 (24,664); Logan City. The August and September leaders, the group passed on to the

3,238 (10,536); Los Angeles, 5,458 issues of the Eta will tell of the celeTemple Block, where Elder George F.

(13,945); Lost River, 528, (2,833); brations at other temples. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve,

Lyman, 530 (4,176); Malad, 2,429 More than 3,000 boys and young and president of the Salt Lake Temple,

(7,584); Maricopa, 4,001 (9,316); men between the ages of 12 and 19 addressed the boys.

Millard, 927 (6,019); Minidoka, met in Salt Lake May 18 for services President Richards was introduced

983 (5,009); Moapa, 1,283, (5,- commemorating the restoration of the by Presiding Bishop Sylvester Q. Can433); Montpelier, 1,257 (6,304); Aaronic Priesthood to the earth 106 non. A public address system had been

Morgan, 1,636 (3,619); Moroni, years ago on May 15. The celebraprovided by the engineers of radio

558 (4,206); Mount Ogden, 3,750, tion in Salt Lake was typical of other station KSL, and it was over this system

(11,584); Nebo, 2,448 (8,381); similar services carried out in other that President Richards spoke, the

Nevada, 1,102 (3,401); New York, centers where temples of the Church buildings on the Temple Block echo394; North Davis, 1,811 (8,505); are located. ing his voice.

North Sanpete, 1,542 (9,760); North The celebration began at 8 a. m. at

Sevier, 438 (4,324); North Weber, the grave of Brigham Young, where B.

5,411 (10,113); Oakland, 963; Spencer Young, Jr., a greatgrandson Temple Work in the Latter

Ogden, 4,01.6 (15,078); Oneida, of the famous pioneer leader, gave a Days

2,297 (6,872); Oquirrh, 3,790 (8, brief sketch of the life and labors of

the speech on of Notes Elder George F. Palmyra,480); 2,192, the second (8,345); President the of Church. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve,Panguitch, 1,819 (4,489); Parowan. of Groups each 50 boys entered the delivered 18, to 1935, May about 3,000 Pioneer,1,515 (9,126); 6,047 (11,- cemetery with heads, bared in and of members the Aaronic Priesthood gathPocatello,964); 2,451 file. single (10,636); the At grave they were ered at the east end of the Tabernacle onPortneuf, 813 River. Raft (5,506; greeted Beatie, N. Ross by a grandson the in Temple Block commemoration of

-4r THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood. Cowdery, said: "Upon you I confer enemies and was burned by fire. Then

Reported by Weston N. Nordgren of the these keys."a tornado struck the building, scatterStaff.Deseret News built it material the of ing which was Elijah spirit of that the day On greatest this as the I regard of one remains. a until stone not of hearts the men. operate to on

life,opportunities to deliver a began of my entered west Saints there been has and came the Church The Throughout tomessage of thousands and boys 24, Valley July Salt genealogical Great the diligent search Lake of made the ofyoung Church endowed men years by gone Six not libraries had been 1847. material made have and

thewith Priesthood. a build undertaken until to they Saints to Latterday had accessible who

is considerable temple There work Salt was temple. responsibility obtaining Lake of the Temple The the have in the of Peopledone Church. years. in their ancestry going completed of 40 and knowledge

in dispensation gospel everyworld the for to receive temple to the them stones the first years the 20 During builders. Bible beenhave temple The gospel. the ordinances of Little hauled Cottonwood from were it; alsospeaks of of Morthe Book

mon. The Church of Jesus Christ of After the Latterday Saints left canyon by ox teams and carts. The

Latterday Saints was organized on the Kirtland the temple was thrown open people suffered hardships in transSixth day of April, 1830, and before and it is said that cows went into the porting the stones weighing thousix years had passed the temple at Kirtholy edifice and denied it, and that they sands of pounds over dirt roads in a land was completed and dedicated to even bedded down in there. Later the new country. The roads were muddy

the Lord. Reorganized church rehabilitated the in the spring and fall.

it is still their in temple, railroad the hands. had after and 1873, In

there verthat occasion a was On rails state, laid from the were entered at lot Indeoriginal temple Theitable Jesus pentecost. Lord The site, and to the the Temple canyon has county, pendence, Missouri JacksonChrist dedithe appeared accepted and faster stones the by brought were "Hedrikites"up, the divided and beencation the temple, of valuable gave and

rail. there. are a building Other temple nowinstructions. After departed he had a the April, sixth 1892, of On site the are the parts of by owned delivered the keys appeared andMoses

saints times great gathering of many Latterthe church Reorganized and byof the the restoration gathering of and boys larger that than formed you by is feeling friendly Saints. a day There Elias, tribes Israel.ten a prophet of

Pres. Wilwitnessed and young men the Saints Latterday the and between theof then appeared of days Abraham, of the capstone lay ford Woodruff "Hedrikites."the the of keysand brought with him electric pressing the temple an by saints driven the from were When dispensation. Elijah, theAbrahamic

button. to temple a Farr West, spoke,prophet of then Independence Malachi whom then Pres. Lorenzo was I Snow, who site there. visited dedicated have was placingappeared his hands and upon people led the president of theTwelve, the myself. cornerstones.the heads of Joseph Smith and Oliver appeal in shouting Hosannah. An Illinois, Saints driven into were The

and built the beautiful city of Nauvoo, was made to the people at that time the largest city in the state at that to furnish funds for the finishing of time. The beautiful temple there was the temple, so that it could be dedicated

finished and dedicated and many saints on April 6, 1893, a year later.

received their blessings there. The Dedicatory services were held in

records of this temple are now in the the Salt Lake Temple on the appointed

Salt Lake Temple archives, and much day and for several days thereafter, valuable information is available in (Continued on page 440) them.

This temple fell into the hands of VISITINGMEMBERS OFIMPORTANTAARONIC PRIESTHOODCHURCH SHRINESQUORUMSIN

SALT LAKE CITY DURING THE CELEBRATION

Tuberculosis Write to the UtahWard Teachers'Message, August, 1935 for Association pamphtheir new

The Ten Commandments havediscarded.not been changed, replaced or letsadvantageabout oftuberculosis,all the servicesand theytake

the the Latterday Saints To Ten offer. are contained words "THESE are binding. doubly in the Commandments * last last verse of the section (136) are a Bible the part of which They fr "*n the of Doctrine and Covenants: addition in accept as a and Church we

in keeping all "Be diligent my comthey to us have been reiterated by our lest mandments, judgments come upon all Aaronic Priesthood leaders Church and enjoined upon you, and your faith fail you, and your members of the Church. At the last (Continued from page 339)

enemies triumph over you."General Conference they were again

Latterday Saints should beware of commended to us. so that all persons worthy of the

those who teach that the Ten ComIt is folly to equivocate in such privilege could attend the services.

been discarded matters. have sacred Saints and mandments Latterday Why do the Mormon people build

instructions. replaced accept by other beshould Commandments the Ten We temples?

lieve the are really for they Commandments Ten what salvation of and the mankind The a revealed people code his morals, of ethics to and of God Word to be—theunreservedly are dead them. depends There upon for given the lives guidance their people of His according order and should

by our Father in heaven. They were to their teachings. men in the spirit world who lived

given, not as advice and counsel, but Frequent reading of them and obduring the dark centuries of the world as commandments. They are of as servance of their injunctions are recwhen men did not understand the ordimuch force and effect today as comommended to and urged upon all Latnances of the temple. The ordinances

mandments of God to the children of terday Saints. Such a course will were restored to the Prophet Joseph

men as at any time since they were bring happiness and the blessings of Smith, and are being continued today.

given to Moses on Mount Sinai. They the Lord. Nicodemus was told by the Savior

—H<Xi%&- that unless a man is born again he

cannot see the kingdom of God. He

ARE YOU A PACIFIST? wastism alsoin watertold andthatofthisthe birthspirit wasas Christbapthe baptized of under was hands John

live in or in Utah Whether some you situation is the fact that it is quite Baptist. the the Satime of the At state, this brief other read should you unnecessary! vior's a voice baptism spoke from isstatement. said: the in Pasteur "It

power of man to make parasitic maladies At the present time enough is heaven saying God was pleased with disappear from the face of the globe."known about the diagnosis and his Son and what he had done. Everyone, therefore the be of must born tuberculosis to permit of

pacifist or treatment a complete you spirit. the water of and ARE to eradicate us only it if we would consider engaging you would since lived the days have Men who knowledge. our apply

disease? againstin a war If you

fight in this war, facts are ammuThe tuberculin test shows the ofedgeChristof theandgospeldied arewithoutbeing a preachedknowlnition and here are a few. presence of infection and the X-ray to in the spirit world. The mercy of

One hundred years ago the shows the presence of the disease. God reaches all. The law justifies men

average life expectancy was 28 Case reporting, sputum examinaaccording to what they are. God will

years, and about onehalf the popution, surgical treatment, and sanasave men with Him. Those who heard

lation had tuberculosis. toria, all play a part in controlling not the gospel in life, will hereafter.

Today, life expectancy has tuberculosis. Christ suffered, the just for the unthe this cause for just. says was Peter of these have most we In Utah until childclimbed norany may

are dead, that to gospel them preached available, the (except weapons live expect to to ormally 58 60 the temple might of the ordinances that citizenry a Sanatoria) with andyears; the half while about and Ordinances for them. performed be preinterested cure in the and infection of reallypopulation has some the in primtemples in performed were

still disease, this vention of whichtuberculosis, perthree only about itive the Church. days of

people than any more youngsons in of each thousand the United kills is there is no no law, Where there other, the first make Utah we could disease.States the active have be taught gospel must judgment. The

In Salt Lake City, two persons State in the Union to wipe out to the dead, and the ordinances adminout of each thousand have tubertuberculosis. istered to them by proxy—by the livculosis and the death reports of the The Early Diagnosis Campaign ing standing for the dead. When we

State Board of Health indicate that of the Utah Tuberculosis Assoget the names of our ancestors through only one person out of 100,000 ciation never stops, but in the research and have temple ordinances has it in the State as a whole. But spring and early summer it is given done for our dead, these ordinances

even this comparatively low rate special emphasis. Many communwillthe gospelbe acceptedin the byspiritthoseworld.who accept

ities this at that take will to given time, opportunitymeans any 500

I that testimony, I bear you my less arepersons incapacior more the for ask Association Ex- a Chest of the gospel has the power God know lives,tated for living Clinic, normal the tuberculin and amination or the salvation. in I promise you unto

that each year about ninety of them testing of their school. These are name of the Lord that if you are faithwill die. forward looking groups. Why ful you will receive the same witness

The amazing thing about this not be one of them? by revelation from the Lord."

Send all Correspondence to Committees Direct to General Offices <

General Superintendence General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

I. A. Y. M. M.

FOX, ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

GEORGE Q. MORRIS

L. FRANKLIN WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. LUCYCLARISSAGRANTA. BEESLEY,CANNON,

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN,

Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Secretary

To Stake Superintendents and Presidents:

A NOTHER June Conference of the the detailed program will soon be in zation; here a like personnel should be

Mutual Improvement Association your hands. built up covering all departments of our

has passed into history. It was a notThere are a number of things which work.

able event, outstanding in many feawe have found in the past to be im- 2. A definite plan guaranteeing attures and one long to be remembered perative to the success of these gathertendance at the Annual Convention

by all who were fortunate enough to ings: should be worked out.be in attendance. Friends everywhere, 1. A complete organization—Will 3. The necessary literature coverincluding General Authorities of the you kindly check through your Stake ing the season's program should be

Church, have expressed their great deBoard members at once and see that purchased and in the hands of all of light in its success. We extend greetthe organization is complete. There our workers sufficiently early for them

ings and appreciation for the fine coshould be the following officers in the to give it careful study before the comoperation of the Stakes and Missions Y. M. M. I. A.: Stake Superintendent, mencement of the year.

in assisting us in reaching this achievetwo counselors, Stake Secretary, Stake The General Boards are making a ment. Music Director, Drama Director, special effort to prepare for these inin- meetings Director, Committee Director, and Stake Era

is us. Dance season upon summer The now all are in held being which of Senior Adult, Chairman and M stitutes.stitutes the Stakes the following ofMany necessary preparaarrangements and a departments, for Commissioner Men

folder adaptingsuggestions of our and tions are being so that for the made the Explorers Scouts. may we and one

conditions, already to localthese are efficiently. assist to carefully seleccome as you should be These men

launched upon splendid as possible. right summer proted the "Getting man are selecthe very about happy We Reports of accomplishmentsgrams. battle."the the for is half right job tion courses of of our A study our andwill be appreciated.

officers corresponding of group make other materials season's for the work.

We are now looking forward with up the Stake organization in the With your full cooperation and the pleasure to the coming of our annual Young Women's M. I. A. blessings of our Heavenly Father we

Stake Conventions and Institutes. The In like manner a careful check feel that 1935-6 will be a most sucfolder, covering these events, giving should be made on each ward organicessful year for the M. I. A.

Flashes from the Fortieth Annual June

ConferenceConvention By Henry A. Smith, Special "Era"Reporter

"LTAVE you ever scanned an attracjects. Which to choose was the queswhole of the First Presidency into actively arranged menu in an extion. tive participation in the conference

clusive dining hall and found everyIf one went to the drama meet, he features.

thing so appealing, so tempting that would miss the treat provided in the As you no doubt have concluded you were at a loss what to order? story section. Hobbies had a fascinafrom the introduction, the writer conYou did not want to make a choice tion and all would like to have been siders the nine educational meets colof one because of all the other good in the social conduct or conversation lectively as the feature of 1935's big

things you would have to forego, so, department to enjoy these social events. conference. The work done in any

when you finally had to choose, you The music section and dancing were one session was comparable with what selected at random. equally appealing and the program in could be done in any of the great uniThat is somewhat of the problem the speech or the reading meet beckversities. As a matter of fact most of

confronting delegates to the Fortieth oned strongly. So many good things the sessions were presenting not only

Annual June Conference of the Mutual to choose from. What a healthy sign university professors but also many naImprovement Associations held in Salt of a good program well prepared! tionally and locally prominent men and

Lake, June 7, 8 and 9. It was a good program from the women as authorities in their various

This was particularly true on the beginning Friday morning with the fields.

first official day of the conference. A annual message of President Heber J. Drama stood out this year as the

majority of the conference delegates Grant, to the close Sunday evening feature in the educational meets.

were confronted with the problem of with a message from President J. ReuThis began on Thursday, June 6, unwhat to choose among the conference ben Clark, Jr. And in between, on der the direction of the drama comattractions of that day. The program Saturday, President David O. McKay mittee of the General Board with Protold them of nine educational meets delivered one of the principal addresses fessor John Dolman, Jr., head of the

real fiestas in the many appealing subof the conference, thus bringing the drama department of the University of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

Pennsylvania, as the guest artist. In of all stakes which had achieved 100 remembered by the thousands of onaddition to the splendid instruction by per cent participation of its wards in lookers and a thrill of joy to the parProfessor Dolman and others on the the activity events of the year. ticipants.

program both Thursday and Friday, After witnessing the presentation of The reception of stake officers, saw this meet was characterized by the preMaster M Men certificates to approxiapproximately 2,000 of the visitors sentation of "Fresh Fields"in the mately 60 boys, the charter group of entertained at luncheon at Saltair as

Victory Theater. This was perhaps the Master M Men movement, and the guests of the General Boards. The

the best drama done locally in many recognition of approximately 60 stakes entire evening was spent in social acyears and is comparable to most prowhich had won the right of possessing tivity and dancing.

fessional presentations. one of the beautiful Gold and Green Another high spot in the entertainIt is impossible in these highlights achievement banners, those present were ment features was the organ recital in

to name all outstanding people who permitted an acquaintance with the which thousands of delegates heard participated in the educational meets, real heart of each of the cultural Winslow Cheney, former Utahn, at but no story would be complete withcourses. the console of the famous Tabernacle

out the mention of two other particiGoing right down through the list instrument. Professor Cheney clearly

pants, both in the story section. Orson of the appreciation course subjects, demonstrated that he is one of the

Ryan, a former Utahn and now the namely, dancing, conversation, social nation's outstanding artists on the educational representative of a promiconduct, reading, public address, hoborgan, and that he will do much himnent publishing house, stirred several bies, story, drama, and music, an inself to verify his statement that the hundred people with his love for books sight into the true value each has for organ is the concert instrument of the and the story. Just to hear him tell the cultural advancement of Latterfuture. When one of the country's

us that one should not want a book to day Saints was given in mural picture outstanding organists plays one of the read but should want to read a book, form. Each of the Salt Lake City world's greatest instruments it is a rare

made all the difference in the world stakes participated in this presentation privilege to be numbered among the in our reading plans. Lethe Coleman, under the committee in charge, of listeners.

former Chautauqua superintendent, lecwhich W. O. Robinson was chairman. This conference saw the participaturer, and world traveler, speaking in It was a colorful and entertaining pretion for the first time in a June meet

this same section, won her audience by sentation and surely the words of Paul of the newly appointed Y. M. M. I. A.

means of her sparkling personality and before King Agrippa, took on new Superintendency and Board. Their

her art on the speaker's platform. meaning to the listeners as they saw power and influence was felt on all

Hobbies, too, had a prominent prothem dramatically portrayed as an exhands and particularly noteworthy was gram outlined. In one session hobby ample of public address. Heber Q. the message for spiritual planning in

enthusiasts heard from the President of Hale was the reader. the M. I. A. program delivered Sunday

the Church, Elders George Albert Another attractive presentation morning in Barratt Hall by General

Smith, and Melvin J. Ballard, of the worthy of special notation was the Superintendent A. E. Bowen. His

Council of the Twelve Apostles, and song dramatization of "Era Melodies"address revealed a wide knowledge of from Herbert S. Auerbach, prominent by the Thirtyfirst Ward of Liberty the purpose and ideals of the M. I. A.

Salt Lake merchant and business man, Stake. The contents of The Improveand outlined a general basic foundawhose hobby of collecting pioneer ment Era were appealingly presented tion upon which to build the program

relics and history is attracting wide in song, all of which was original, for the future. He said, among many

attention. music by Lorenzo Mitchell, and the other important things:

Speaking of the educational meets words by Evelyn N. Wood. "The program of the M. I. A. and

and appreciation courses, helps us to The Saltair reception and dance festiits lessons are but the instruments we recall, very vividly, one of the outval drew a gigantic crowd. Perhaps use in the building of life and character.

standing features of the conference. the opportunity for greater participaOur enterprise is mutual improvement.

It was an event to which not enough tion was responsible for this. ApproxThe test of our success is the degree of

publicity had been given, although the imately 500 couples were on the floor improvement that has been made in

Tabernacle was well filled Saturday at one time, all dancing the same M. I. the lives of those whom we touch."

evening. It was the first "Church- A. dances. It was a sight long to be He stressed the need of spiritual

Wide Honor Night,"carrying this guidance in all that is done under the

I. A.feature of the ward and stake into the BANQUETNORTHWESTERNAND BASKETBALLSTATES TOURNAMENT,MISSION name of M.

June conference for public recognition (Writeup in May Era) (Continued on page 45 8)

OGDEN EIGHTH WARD M MEN BASKETEERS Ogden Eighth Ward is the capitol of th largest singlestandard basketball league in the world. These M. I. A. basketeers won th

allChurch M Men championship and set a new high standard of play in achieving this goal.

Hansen, are: players Back The

Earl Tolhurst, Frankrow—Manager Wangsgaard, Spence and The great m men Sparks Lloyd Turnquist, Fred Burton,

lonWangsgaard. Coach 0.

and Front row—NateHunter Steele, Lawrence Blaine none,

Ralph Wiggins. this year of grace, A. D., BASKETBALLAS 1935, went down on the

pages of time as another zero season in commercializedsport, the institution of M Men TOURNAMENT basketball with its lofty idealismand boundless enthusiasm, reached By LES GOATES out to bring more young men unSport Editor, Deseret News der its influence than ever before.

Upward of 12,000 boys, M Men, and Vanguards, representing his helpers, succeeded in advancball and to develop a sporting spirit more than five hundred wards of ing the calibre of basketball played are two M Men ideals, but were the Church of Jesus Christ of Latby the Mutual Improvement Assothese the only objectives, it is terday Saints, played basketball ciation members to a high degree doubtful that the activity would during the recent season under the of perfection. Indeed, with the continue to grow. The Mutual

supervision of the M Men's comparticipation of former high school Improvement Association recogmittee. Not only were all records players permitted, the Mutual basnizes that this athletic competition

for mass participation in the Dr. ket shooters have improved to such is a healthful thing, intellectually

Nainsmith game shattered, but a an extent that they now compete and morally as well as physically new high standard of competition successfully against the strongest and rather than decrease such comestablished. independent and junior college petition, the wards and stakes tend

This work was projected to this teams. Increasing interest in the to bring about a constantly inunprecedented range of action by activity, improved organization creasing enthusiasm for the game.

Homer C. Warner, veteran dean of within the stakes and the acquisiAnd so it continues to grow.

basketball in the Church, assisted tion of better coaches, have conThe honor of leading the largest by Reed Richards, active supervisor tributed immeasurably toward the singlestandard basketball conferand a splendid corps of coworkers. advancement of the sport. ence in the world this year, went

Stimulated by more liberal eligiTo have a great number of to the Ogden Eighth Ward, one of bility rules, Director Warner and young men taking part in basketthe finest aggregations of basketeers

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 ever developed under the M Men but there were five players who banner. entry series The stood the Eighth Ward out in they and

wasn't even of its champion official the own Progress of M Men Deseret were named on district, that honor going to MarBasketball ChamNews honor quintet for 1935.

riott, but Coach O. Wangsgaard pionship Coaches and officials assisted Deshad his boys coming on fast at the eret News sports writers in making

finish while most of the competiFirst Round the selection. The players chosen:

tion beginning to slacken was unElsinore, Ariz., 26. First Team 24—St. der the grind. long Eighth Seventh, Ogden Logan Ana, 59—SantaJohns, Weight, Calif., 23. Forwards—LaMar defeated in Seventh Logan Ward Springville First; Hull, Logan Roy Berkeley, Calif., the big climactic finale the thus 38—Raymond, and

1 7. Seventh. Canada,

first second and places in big the First, Shelley Eighth, Burton, Ogden 16—Ogden Center—Earlchampionship tournament went 48. Eighth.

1 First, Roosevelt,out Salt of first for the Lake City 6—Springville Salt Wilson, 43. Guards—Parry since time the advent the of great

Second, 18—ForestWasatch aggregation Ward three BoiseSalt Fifteenth, Lake 42—RockDale, 40. Lakegaard, Fifteenth;Ogden Eighth.Spence Wangsyears ago. Forest Dale of Granite Springs, 28.

Stake finished third and St. Johns Marriott, 28; Milford, 17. Second Team

of Beuhner, Arizona other fourth. The Forwards—Clarence

St.tournament Dale; Ross Overson, participants came up Second Round Forest

to the finish in the following order: Forest Dale, 29—Berkeley, 15. Johns, Arizona.

Eighth, Ogden Broberg,Milford, Salt 28—Springville Logan Lake Fifteenth Ward, Center—John First, 26.

Springville First, Roosevelt. and Salt Fifteenth, Lake 21—St. Johns, Seventh.Guards Eldredge, teams lost thatThe eight Ariz., 19. two—Elmer

straight games were not rated. Logan, 31-—Marriot, 26. Roosevelt; Leonard Harwood,

They were: Boise Second, Berkeley, Springville First.

ConsolationCalif.; Raymond, ShelCanada; Honorable Mention Boise Second, Canley, Idaho; Roosevelt, Elsinore, 27—Raymond, Forwards ada, Claude 24. Morton,—SpringsRock Santa and Ana. But Roosevelt, First, Shelley 26. Milford; Roper, Lloyd Berkeley;even these first teams, second and Springs, Rock 20. Moler, 42; 22—Elsinore, Springs; Rudy Rock Blaine

losers,round Milford, 33. Ana, were champions in 46—Santa Steele, Eighth, Ogden and Maughntheir right for the own the path to Parkinson, Logan. Third RoundSalt Lake tournament, long was Gibbs, Berkeley; Seventh, Centers—Max arduous. 38—Salt Lakeand They had to be good Logan Clayton Dunford, Forest Dale, Fifteenth, and 37.to get far. even that

St. Eighth, C. 18. Ogden Johns. 35—Forest tournament The elabwas an First, Springville 26. F. Scholes, and Lo36—Berkeley,Dale, Guards—H.Waite,orate expression great a of ideal, gan Seventh; Fred Turnquist, Ogso Consolation great fact in that further proden Eighth; C. and Paul Wade

stillvisions its must Springs, be for 36. Rock made 28—Milford, Beuhner, Forest Dale; Lawrence Ariz., St. Johns, 17.realization. 25—Marriott, Easton, Milford and Conover, Don Boise Second, 43. the conclusion 21—Roosevelt, At the of meet Berkeley.

Managing Editor Mark Peterson, Fourth Round for Deseret The presented News, ALLCHURCH THE M MAN BASKETBALL Eighth, Seventh, Ogden 34—Logan TEAMthe Ogden Eighth champions 23. with

field of a From upward to partici12,000 St. Ariz., Johns,a beautiful it is pants, mahogany and bronze small no honor to be selected as 46—Springville

one five First, of the 26. outstanding players. Thisplaque. received Logan Seventh a was honor bestowed upon five the brilliant Salt Fifteenth, Forest Lake 22;

basketeers as below, shown result asimilar of for trophy winning second Dale, 24. dazzling in performances the allChurch Men M theirplace. championships. all-M The honor quintet, Men

right, left to is as follows: Consolation Parry Wilson, The allChurch M Men basketSalt Lake Fifteenth Earl Burton, Ward;

ball tournament produced a colorMilford, 32; Roosevelt, 29. Eighth; LaMar Weight, Springville First;OgdenRoy

ful array of brilliant basketeers OgdenHull, LoganEighth.Seventh, and Spence Wangsgaard,

Fourth Annual Vanball Championships rPHE M Men, long supreme in the * field of M. I. A. sports now find

themselves being challenged for public interest by their younger brothers, the

Vanguards. When the Vanguard program was being developed the matter

of athletic competition was given careful consideration. The committee was

unanimous in the opinion that competitive basketball was not desirable for young men in the rapid growing age of the Vanguards. The committee was

also unanimous in the opinion that some active, lively athletic competition should have a place in the Vanguard program. The outcome was the

development of a new game which is a combination of the attractive features of several other games, principally volleyball, basketball, soccer and tennis.

Vanball, as the new game was called, has now been in the program for four years. Each year has seen more enthusiasts develop and less resistance

from those who, at first, thought it to be a "sissy"game. As hundreds of

Vanguards over the Church have taken it up they have found it to be an ideal game with plenty of action. In the

past season, it is estimated, more than FrontVANGUARDrow, left TROOPto right:NO Junior105, Murray,LOGAN Walter5TH WARD,Gardner,COCHAMPIONSElma Wilson, RichardOF THERyan,CHURCHBill Thomas,

3,000 Vanguards participated in the Smith. Reed

row: Back Wayne Morgan, Irvin Fish, Assistant Leader; Henry K. Cubisher,....Vanguard Leader;Churchwide tournament.

Neeley. Kedrith Dean Jem, The Church championships were

conducted this year in Logan, in compliment to the Vanguards who had, probably, taken up Vanball more generally than those of other councils.

The development in skills, accuracy of passing and in new styles of plays, over a year ago, were so pronounced that the officials found themselves unable to estimate the length of games and the time required to run off the tournament. Where eleven playing hours

had been planned, based upon the experience of three years of Vanguard play and many more of volleyball in dozens of tournaments, sixteen hours were required and midnight came on

Saturday, the second day of the tournament with no winner selected.

The two outstanding teams, both from Cache Stake, had played such hard schedules during the two days that the officials decided that it would be unwise to insist upon another set. In

addition the playoff would have carried the tournament into Sunday. The

contest was therefore terminated at that point and the two teams which had won their way to the finals were declared to be the cochampions for the year 1935. The teams were Logan Fifth

Ward and Logan Ninth Ward, both of

OF CHURCH COCHAMPIONS THE WARD, 113, TROOP LOGAN 9TH VANGUARD stake.Cache Front Niles Hess, Skidmore, Charles James right: Max Rogers, Gunder, row, left to Dean Stevenson,

Miller. Delmar rally held At a Vanguard in the

Back Lorin Leader; Reese, Assistant row: Conway Wesley Harris, Sonne, W. C. Jacobsen, Leader; Logan Junior school high all players Alton Sorenson, Leader and Coach. Stevenson, Assistant Henry Skidmore, Don

of both teams were awarded the official

Vanguard sweaters by Dr. Frank L.

West, second assistant superintendent were commended for their superior skill had brought into the game as well as of the Y. M. M. I. A. The players and the remarkable development they for their fine sportsmanship.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 >

and introducing the gospel (nor a are called to preside over brethren of standOn Priesthood Seventy from presiding). their own quorum, or in equal

their officers peradventure, for in the ing them; with have your army You

(Continued from page 437) in preside yet over them. aubrethren navy, be equal they and may may

: -4 js* as different they callings. thority others in deal act with but Let men

officer, sea, if similar at in military dealt to while with be wish would The exfew some with the and Twelve, is the fight a other hand, the circumstances; in and, engaged navy with an on priests, seventies, high the ceptions

assist his let to the of enemy, with quorum same members would not men the teachers, deacons, but elders, and their the those the while counsel reject the of of vanquish enemy; on own so counselors, their had have bishops

officer assist preside, the called but naval are to other hand would quorum who those of have so some Joseph, and in a in military sustain garrison the esteem, storming and honor, them and however, Council, others. High The

office. territory. possession their taking of They farther than not, have Twelve, and officers let be cause, are the in the brethren, Finally engaged same both to are counselors the quorums whole

office, the let are fighting interests their every in of the for sustained and and president. their to other each and

calling the he or so government; same whereunto and kingdom magnify man

And in relation to the Twelve, their it is with the High Priests and Sevis called. To define all the laws of the

it president became such, not on account enties—they are both empowered to do priesthood would be impossible, for

of election or choice, but because of good, and although their callings differ is living power, not a dead letter, and seniority, or age, hence when Thos. in some respects, they can both act although these instructions may be of

B. Marsh was in good standing he was legally in whatsoever situation they general use, the living priesthood must

the oldest, and, consequently, the preare placed by authority. And though regulate its own affairs. Let all seek

siding officer; but when he apostatized it is the especial duty of the Seventies the spirit of God, humble themselves

the next oldest took it, which was to preach, yet some of the High Priests before the Lord, work the work of

President Brigham Young. He had the are much more competent to do it than righteousness, and study to build up

same priesthood before and the same they; and although it is the especial the kingdom of God, and they will

authority, but was not the president or duty of an High Priest, to preside, yet have his spirit to guide them into all mouthpiece of the others, who are all a wise man, who fulfils and magnifies truth.

presidents in all the world, without his calling among the Seventies, is They will add to their faith knowlother ordinations, and in this respect much more competent to preside than edge, brotherly love, kindness, charity, differ from the council of Joseph, who a foolish or ignorant High Priest, who and be neither barren nor unfruitful had not. The Twelve standing next does not magnify his calling. in the knowledge of God and of our

to Joseph, on his death the charge of Lord and Savior Jesus Christ; and if

the Church necessarily fell upon them, I must, however, hasten to a close, we are found faithful in a few things and President Young being their presas I have extended this article longer we shall be made ruler over many ident, of course presided, and became than I anticipated when I commenced. things, and in due time reap our rethe mouthpiece and president, not only Let presidents while they magnify their ward in the kingdom of our God, and

of the Twelve but of the Church. calling, and maintain their standing possess thrones and principalities,

rule, exaltation, dignity, to powers, courteous dominion be and kind and and a little been, sometimes, has There in the eternal preside, of they Elders the kingdoms our God, over whom feeling manifested the Seventies between worlds without they authority because assume not end. Amen. and

Priests, the as have and High to who greatest authority, and some of the fa 4

Seventies have manifested a desire to be severely criticized as unpatriotic.

united with the High Priests'quorum, Jane flddams Whenever Americans travel thinking thereby to obtain a greater abroad, they discover that Jane Adis folly, Priesthood. degree of This Citizen World of the and is one bestknown dams

it is the before, as for, I stated not (Continued from page 436) bestloved has Americans. She

: office office the an of magnifying but Hg( fa. the presided times over many in honorable. that But makes a man

relation to their offices, they are called help during the first months of the Women's International League for to move in other spheres, and fulfil war. The trust and affection with Peace and Freedom in various parts

other callings, rather than possessing which Miss Addams thus inspired of the world. It is probably safe

different power and authority. in so many Europeans explains to say that during the past twenty

Brother Carter thought that some of why she was selected as chairman years she has spent the greater part the Seventies were out of their place, of the International Congress of of her time abroad.

because they were appointed to preside Women, which was the first conIt would be difficult to estimate over conferences, whereas they have as certed attempt to let reason and the farreaching influence of this much right to preside, when legally pity into the stupid and cruel chaos great and noble character upon our appointed, as an High Priest or an of a world at war."life and time. Certainly, no

Apostle. Out of her interest in and woman has so consistently and

The Seventies have the High Priestknowledge of immigrant peoples with such effect defended the poor hood, and many of them have received has grown her work for internaand the handicapped, promoted ordinances in the Temple, qualifying tional peace, the crowning effort of peace and international good will them to build up the kingdom of God, a life of devoted service to the weak as she. At seventyfour years of

if every other officer were dead or killand oppressed. In recent years, age, she is today, perhaps, the best

ed, and so have the High Priests. So Miss Addams has traveled extenknown woman in the western

is far, concerned, as authority then, life interest servpeace sively of of unselfish in the Her and world.

it is the authority, they have both but for the a place in her the freedom. World ice has won War When business Seventies especial to of the

preach to all the world, introduce and broke out she was among the first hearts of men and women all over spread the gospel; while it is the duty to visit the countries at war, and to the world. She is more than an

of the High Priests more especially to raise her voice in protest. She did American; she belongs to the

preside; yet a High Priest is not preher best to keep the United States world. She is in very deed a world

'eluded from traveling and preaching, from entering the war, but was citizen.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

The Challenge of ingFatherto believes.)express appreciationIt is very charmfor conspicuousing with her andshadow."as if sheButis neither"dancis illCharm those whom we love. But if the does she enjoy being held so close that she uncomfortable and a friend an acquaintance, man be {Continued from page 435) It ease. flatter will a man, no or husat fiance other woman's some

if caresses a doubt, and woman the charming then woman h|( band, women. Many lovely associations usually knows her place and keeps knows,makes a perhapsfuss overhe himreally(andlikes whoit)

of it. ugly because been have man. She never made "paws"a She but is that if he kind, watch him responsive, inviting intimacy. understanding, Most be women may flee cover to finds if someone him holds friendly, but she take sympathetic, (although of them somemen little out. lady, beAnd what

least span,"the, despise distance of at a "hand a of it) it and advantage feel of comes will you? Never you

Self respect. is loses the distance of self or She her charm.woman less charming. Nevertheless uncheap instead of charming. Friendrespect tosome may mean arms biased enthusiasm about people in

ship approaches the danger line length—to others a handspan general is safe, charming and your respect self let temperwhen selfrespect hangs in the but while. worth People be a may

taste be your good and charm balance. horse dare ride withobby you in pubIf he is your brother, father, ness and the golden rule your guide lic. If you have one enthusiasm,

husband, sweetheart, you may be post. find another. The more the better.

as enthusiastic as you like. (But Good taste reminds us that no It is the way to forget self and

please do not love others with what lady likes to be held at armslength troubles and in self forgetfulness

Mr. Hopkins thinks, John says while dancing. It makes her feel one is most charming.

In- -4 And a swimming mother "bested"married woman does to impress herThat Wrappedin- the English channel. husband. They have that safe,

assured, restful feeling. result The attitude relaxed effects of this "THE LookCellophane is that most stenographers could one appearance, personal as to page 429) (Continued from outdress outshine and debumost of see, in glimpses also often may ]* tantes, if accorded their -4 wealth and Achundred."life "four the of opportunities.

leaders social to being customed acceptreflect calmly the onmight If a business relaxes, his man law, as accepted their word and perthat state ining of mind man competitors take his If customers.

it assume farther carry and they ages the to through wearmits him is athlete relaxes, an called he a "has flawthemselves about everything as nightthingssuch unbecoming If been."lies actress an on down perfecif style less. and Whereas, thingsshirts, unimaginative or such the job, she difficult a has time social the were appearance of tion of. consists largely hisas wardrobe staging a comeback. So, a when the then wealth, guide, of instead all it pracbe, for that So may dainty enters woman matrimony see that society pictures of we is justifiedtical purposes, a woman forgets in and her celloin "wrapped as posed on magazines, smart cellowhite losingin her pink and is it air, difficult phane"a to thing in resorts, or of beaches summer realizes, that she look, it.phane when recapture it, recapture she And Florida, in as wintering newsreels the being, least the for timeat must, as long as there are in the instead of seen be often would is over favor for andstruggle man's world Cleopatras Helens and of job business whose women, young title relax of to the "Mrs."she may eternally Troy, vigilant at and presenttheir depends on perhaps thin her that competition wore their best.The

devising captivating outfits, and ability and attractiveness. The pink and white bride may

clever lines of conversation; that The position of the millionaire's find that after all, marriage is a

made her alert to outwit and outwife to the world is in one respect mirage so far as security and relaxclass her rivals; that stimulated her of the same relation as that of a ation are concerned. She may be

to extra endeavor along the lines married woman; one of relaxation. forced to agree with Shakespeare

this, at the The woman of wealth and social that "all the world's a stage"andof "his"interests—all

sign of a wedding ring and a shared prestige needs to do no more to that the serene, impeccable cellohome gives way seemingly to reimpress the world at large, than the phanewrapper-look just serves to laxation and wrinkles. conceal hours of toil, anxiety, and

At the advent of a baby, the Moroni experiment.

accepts passively thewoman heavier, figure is instead herthat fact By Nephi Jensen counteredBut the inperfectionthat fragile,of detaildaintyenof fighting the tendency to added IT'S just another piece of bronze look of "wrapped in cellophane,"affects the mostgirth with the same vim that she It'sUpliftedjust anotherto thegildedcomingformdawns; we have noticed,

used to swing Indian clubs in the Veiled in the sifting light of morn; stolid of men, and she may find it

high school gymnasium. MotherBut that imagecrown on Temple spire yet worth her while to cater to the

hood can't be so very disfiguring Evokes the mystic's stirring lyre. male, when he lists as his requireor disqualifying when actresses It is a heavensent token ments, his chewing gum encased

with families continue to satisfy on That Life's cycles are not broken, diaphanously, his bacon enhanced call his speaks to trumpet For me a crackly tests rigid transparency,the screen the of beauty shoreless the from back Of One sea, his style; as dancers, help or suchand when Faith's flame rekindle glowing withwomen—so To

white, and dainty their continue can St. Denis andthem—pinkfresh inanda itsRuth Easter give fame. olden And

excellence of technical performance. perpetual cellophane glamor.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

hour, and that the walls of theI Came to Zion main vessels are subjected to a dis- (Continued from page 427) tending force of about twentyfive pounds to the square inch from ft* '< times to eighty per minute, sore sixty hair, and stragglyhomesick; or times in twentyabout 100,000 land. a strange inlips. A stranger four hours.

drive in. We

Elder Hatch says I wish at this point to quote the "Wife,"

Osier: "AlSir William boy eminent is "thisproudly, Frank—the spot, is a weakest ways somewhere heart every hymn bywho knows

that we elders sang."and too often in the circulatory

"God bless him! I know he is system. The tragedies of life are

hungry."largely arterial. Represented in the

I have always been selfconscious old mythology as winged, Nemesis,

Inevitable, goddess of the may called it the they bashful,—being still the be pictured a wheel, with to approach.then. I was hard

Like some shy, half wild animal wheel of life, to the ceaseless revo-

I preferred to cower under our lutions of which the circulation often does herwagon cover rather than meet these ministers. How

strangers. With patient, tender fatal touch call away in their primekindness Flora Hatch conquered the best and bravest—men whose

my timidity; took me into the only fault has been the unselfish

bosom of her own family. She abuse of the body machine. Appassed away only a year or two pearance of the individual may

robust, vigorago. Perhaps she never knew the GRAIN INPhotoTHEbySHOCKW. B. Hales mean nothing. A

gratitude she inspired in a boy's ouslooking man in the prime of heart. life may have vessels in the most

lying he seen was I had sclerosis. him stage upon advanced of The we fifty cents when just had We hospital. in a cot white active business muscular of man to a was month longarrived. A the appears beloved then fortyfive, his And never life has who all of the remainder the beforepass

a face of Always spare himself my mother. had to and who has brothers had arrived.family My nearsighted she peers anx- 'fitness'for prided himself on his the little after measles, onetaken the

other, and during that time I lived iously about through her thickeverything, is shocked to find that spectacles. lensed is his there something with wrong family. his and Hatch Elderwith

I well see very cannot Suddenly or to the machine; youngold man news. great the last at came But tears. either. blinding Choking, clithe reached has grand who Zion. to coming too, wereThey, sobbing: I am illness, macteric day's a without log a tworoom, rentedFather "Mother!"is 'time whispers, up.'Nemesis meager our moved cabin, and we little son!""My Others rapidly sudgo and down unloaded it. effects we into When family in Zion. had arrived The denly following a domestic shock it bright a I under found stove the

wealthier piece. twobit We were >- < oroutfinancialany apparentcrisis. cause."Some fail withwhat But had thought. than we

Personal habits are important, comforts that quarter might have The Word of particularly because theybought.

--- our own power to correct, if faulty. Wisdom are within

T'HEN the happy day! Father (Continued from page 419) One of the most important is emoand I hitched our rested and )- -4( tional strain, which includes fear,

etc. anger, anxiety, jealousy, Not to the wagon recuperated team as and toxicants, Alcohol, Tobacco, affect these presonly the do blood meet to miles the twelve in drove etc. Caffeine, attempt Lead, No sure, interfere northey but with little of Banat the town train the in list these to order been has made processes It digestion. of mal was tenyear-old a ever croft. Was importance. of their said, a din- "Better Solomon who eager? quite so

is, than a "Is the train on time?"QONCERNING heredity, we can ner of herbs where love

"On the dot."do nothing except to order our stalled ox and hatred therewith."

But there must be some mistake. lives so that those who come after There is more wisdom in these

We have waited for hours, and the us be not heirs of this condition. words than pertains to the point

in question. train isn't in yet. But no—we Relative to infections, we can do

have waited less than half an hour more, particularly as regards the Fear is more or less in a class by when the train thunders in and venereal infections. Verily, if only itself, and is experienced from

stops. in this way, chastity has its reward. childhood on. It's influence on

Down to the platform step my Let us now consider the third the nervous system of the indiit affects be, Indirectly profound. I that ever already closest friend mentioned have have had We—thetwo tall brothers, the younger one factor, the wear and tear of life. vidual is, therefore, or at least may perivessels the heart and blood by first. oldest vessels period the no enjoy blood my—came raising odically pressure blood the is rest, there that constantly but empty of brother on crutches—anThen

it cases, and, maintaining in some surge a ceaseless sugthrough horribly so of blood to pant leg me gestive of tragedy. The last time them at the rate of seven miles per at a higherthan-normal level so

<- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

that the blood vessels first, and the at work, possibly one in seven. upon the kidneys is the nitrogenous

heart second, suffer damage. That means that these organs, like food, or protein, and for the reason

QVEREATING is another evil theenergyheart,whichhavemaya storebe calledof reserveupon quiredthat, exceptto actuallyfor replacethe amountused bodyrewhich is very prevalent in the in times of stress, and which should tissue and to repair brokendown

United States, even in these strinbe made to function only in such body tissue, the balance must be gent. times. It has truly been times of need. Otherwise, the seexcreted by the kidneys. One of

stated that 'more people die from quence of events is that the blood the richest sources of protein is overeating than from starvation.'vessels in these filters begin to meat. Marvel not, then, that we

It's effect is, of course, indirect, and harden, gradually lose their funcare admonished to partake sparit is twofold in nature. In the tion, and the endresult may be ingly, and chiefly in times of

first famine, heart the likened to of blood in winter. pumping cold and Why

cess filters, times? million but at such in Because times not two place,tissue—fattyit adds totissue—the bodywhichexagainst

becomes a burden on the circulatory two million dams. This requires of famine, where sufficient food is

system. A reasonable amount of that the heart perform tremennot taken into the body to supply

fat is needed to pad and protect dously in excess of normal if the the energy demands, body tissues certain organs, but in excess, this kidneys are to function in anything are consumed to supply the needed tissue is detrimental to the health like a normal manner. The heart energy and protein has its function

and wellbeing of the individual. must enlarge to accomplish this in restoring this used, brokendown

It has been estimated that if all task, and must call upon that retissue, and only protein can do this.

the blood vessels in a single pound serve which should have been spared In winter and cold weather a simof fat were placed end to end they for emergencies. It often has to ilar situation prevails. The energy

for the distance ofwould extend its requirement to overtime accomplish of the work mainbody—tofivesixths a mile. of Granting is task. laborer paid extra for tain normal temperature latof the The

thisthat thirty be true, pounds greater, heart, also is the so exovertime; tissues and are and body ter—iscess in the of fatty weight form used to the does the rest of the paysome extent this body to supply

tissue would add twentyfive miles ing. And frequently it takes 'but need. Therefore, protein food is

of vascular bed through which the a straw to break the camel's back,'more in demand than during the heart would be required to pump and as we have already stated, the warmer months of the year.

blood! Consider the added burden first symptom of such a sequence of But this is not the only reason

even that much excess weight means events may be sudden death, often that we are admonished to partake to the heart; that heart which, as in what is called the prime of life. sparingly of meat. There is anwe have learned, already performs In the reading course of M. I. A. other cogent reason which is often

a miracle of labor in each twentyfor the parents'class is a book enoverlooked and which is, I dare say, four hours, and without cessation titled "Life Begins at Forty."That not generally known, even among

of activity. is true only if we live properly. the students of science. It is a point

Furthermore, by adding more Let us not forget that life may brought out by Dr. R. M. Moore,

than the necessary amount of food suddenly end at forty, as well. who showed that after a meal of

to daily increase intake, the our we increase the in heart rate the that the food meat, mentioned T HAVE excretion ofburden of prowaste regularly rise to amounts a of from the greatest burden which throwsducts to the kidneys, tend by and twentyfive percent fifty to percent cause early degeneration in these above the fasting level, and persists, vitally important organs. In our to reach a total of many thousand

bodies, damage is certain to follow extra beats! A protein meal thus

from the accumulation of waste throws an extra burden of work and the disproportion between inon the heart, which is comparable take, output and the work done. in extent to the heart's total perThis is particularly true of protein formance during three or four

foods, for these are not stored as hours under fasting conditions!

such in the body. That which is I ask you to seriously consider

necessary to replace brokendown this angle of the meat question, and tissue of the body is used, while the it will increase your respect for, and excess must be thrown off by the belief in, the words contained in kidneys. This is no easy task for that document known as the Word

these organs, and the fact that they of Wisdom.

stand up under such a burden so It might be of interest to learn long is a tribute to their efficiency, why meat does increase the heart and not a point in argument for rate in such significant degree.

the nontoxicity of these waste Briefly, it is because among the end products. products of meat metabolism are

Let us say a word more about the certain socalled purine derivatives kidneys, for they, like the heart, which, in their effect on the heart, are marvelous to contemplate in are similar to a closely allied drug, their activity. There are approxCaffeine; hence the increase in the

imately two million filter plants to *"ate of heart action following a take care of the urine. Under ormm meal of meat.

conditions,dinary discussion a relatively (This only will be conTHE IDAHO STATE FLOWER—THE SYRINGA tinued percentage thesesmall in a filters are issue.) of subsequent

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 >

The Articles of manlife. roseBy tothethe useprivilegeof theirof earthwills inquiringceived a luminousfrom theanswer;Lord,"Eternalhe repunishment. is God's

is God's punFaith Adamfulfill theirand mission.Eve were Bymadetheablepowerto punishmentEndless punishment

(Continued from page 405) every will of the eternal and ishment."man may be lifted He who is

j> state a salvation. -tg( into of endless will punishthe determine The

training of the will from infancy ment to be meted out for human who know and disobey are left beto old age, is and should be the transgressions, and His judgments hind. In that sense man is enchief business of life. True hapwill be tempered with mercy. Yet,

gaged in the work of saving himpiness is a product only of a will the solemn, fearful fact remains:

self; the Father formulates the plan for righteousness. Upon his sucas we sow we shall reap; as we disand places it within man's reach; cess in mastering his will a man's obey the law, we shall be punished;

man himself must accept or reject future will depend. eternally we must pay some price

a coplan. Salvationthe becomes acts. for our used "punishment,"word The

affair. deoperative outcome The acts the in Article responsibility dehis Faith, second for of Man's

will, as wellpends man's upon as serves is set consideration. in forth a words law the Lord by When help. God'supon

thrill is broken, as follows, soul: that the punishment

To seek out law and to obey it effect follows cause in the ordinary "All truth is independent in that when found is man's first and conexperiences of life, natural or husphere in which God has placed it, stant duty. They who obey the man. What is the punishment that to act for itself, as all intelligence,

law find freedom; opposition to follows the breaking of divine also, otherwise there is no intellilaw results in bondage. Acceptance laws? Undoubtedly the slowing gence. Behold, here is the agency

or rejection of law depends on the up of the rate of progression is the of man, and here is the condemnawill of man. A fine and tempered invariable result, but what partion of man, because that which

will obeys; a weak and flabby will ticular form or degree does it take? was from the beginning is plainly

slinks away from duty. By the The prophet, Joseph Smith, was manifest unto them, and they reproper use of the will preexistent concerned with this question, and ceive not the light/'

From England to couldfor theirtravelhomesmuchin Utahmore asquicklythey thatshowsto thatget into."my ambitionsThis incidentfor a

their horses exalted. not very were and carriages; they home

asked to reportSalt Lake Valley withwere that proviwere joined Canyon we At Echo in 1867 sions were again becoming scarce. by a couple of boys whose home

(Continued from page 409) As a result we were met at Coalville was in Goshen. These lads offered

h* by Brother Samuel Hill who had to ride us girls through this rug-- been sent by President Brigham ged freak of nature, so lickety split the beauty and glory of a river. Young with a load of potatoes and we came down the narrow defile

On the Sweetwater we rested, other edibles enough to last until expecting every minute to be washed our clothing, went in bathwe reached Salt Lake. As we passthrown from the rickety old light

ing, and had a real jollification. ed through Wanship I noticed a wagon and killed. This afforded

man standing in the doorway of a great sport for the boys who knew ("")N one of these few and far berock cabin. As he stood there he no fear of the canyon and saw no

tween occasions, father being seemed to be as high as the roofj, dangers, but to emigrants who very tired, having walked every but nevertheless his dwelling looked had never before seen such a sight step of the way; after he had ungood to me for I said: "That is it was breathtaking to say the

yoked his cattle, threw himself on not much to wish for, father, but least.

the ground to rest when one of I wish we had a place as good as Our last pull was through Parthe brethren came along and asked, ley's and up to the top of the hill.

"Well, Brother May, how are you This was accomplished at twilight quickly, answered Fathertoday?"

first here glimpse got our we isn't matter Longing and much the"Oh! There little city Salt of the of Lake.

heels wife, a sick have two sore Horsley Lavenia B. By I—I to disappointhave admit some

all."that's dummies,and two as I exclaimed: have "Oh, is heart of longing ment me I the one of dummies. was all this for that?"come we way lanes today,. OH,Forthecountry

At South Pass we had a snowFor scent of sweet wild clover, We continued on to the campstorm which delayed us two or And a meadowlark's glad lay. ground that night. Next morning

verythree and days made the roads the Sabbath. fields, was to see gold I want wheat pedestrians for and hardmuddy sky was blue and radiant. The the sun. in A-waving

for the cattle to pull their loads as I want to breathe the wild plum's breath The valley fair and the grand old part of the way was up hill. That floats when day is done. mountains proudly guarded the

When we were out of the Indian The whispering rills in woodlands, home of the prophets. The family

country Brigham Young, Jr., and Bring music to my soul, took a bath in a wash basin, put

his brother John W., and the other That's stifled in the city on our best clothes and went to

brethren who were returning from Where harsh noises swell and roll. the tabernacle services. My dreams

business trips or missions left us came true and all was well in Zion.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

One Month On a mother,"Mama,"butsaidshe Pat,stopped"can'tpraying.someandcompanyingshe startedherto Billsob again.could hearAcApproval thingall thesebe donekids,aboutit's terrible!this? I meanI'm simplywild wailingsaid, "Yes,and sweetheart,"screaming soandhe

(Continued from page 417) tired and Susan is so cross. I never hung up.

jsh 4. heard of such a busy stork."Mrs. In five minutes he arrived at the

Already she had glowing viBrooks laughed and Susan catchBrooks home. When there was no

sions of the future of the children. ing the end of the conversation response to his knock he entered

One had taken Lindbergh's place said, "Well, I know one thing; one and found Susan in the kitchen.

and the other was surpassing stork couldn't do all this. I must She was hot, tired, disheveled, stir-

"Red"Grange. Yes, they were have The Stork Brothers Incorring baby food and weeping comboys. "Cunning Red Boys,"as porated working for me."panionable tears with the babies.

Patty exclaimed in the same breath The children ranged in age from Babies! Bill simply gasped. Bawith, "I speak to name them!"one month to three years. On Satbies to right of him, babies to left

Of course, Patty, at seventeen, urday a little black one arrived, of him, babies in front of him crycould not realize the importance of much to the consternation of the ing with fervor. He made his way

a name and upon not being allowed family. The load was getting too to Susan and kissed her on the back

to name them after the football heavy for Susan, but after reading of the neck. Susan sniffed, wiped

heroes at school she sulked the rest the pitiful little note and learning her eyes on her apron and said, of the day. that its name was Bill it was wel- "Oh! Oh! Oh; Billy!"She could

"I think Roderick and Robert comed into the household. say no more but buried her face

Brooks are nice names, don't you, The stage was all set. The on his shoulder. After a moment

mama?"said Susan. "They are babies stopped arriving as suddenly she continued, "I'm so glad you

is just terrible dignified and sound like twins. I as they had started when the numare here,."everything want papa to bring me some darber reached fifteen. Susan's hands and—

ling woolly blankets to go with were full, but what troubled her "Where is the family?"shouted

the beds. Oh, dear! What can more, so were mama's and papa's, Bill.

be wrong now?"And Susan Patty's and the maid's. Susan had "Mama and papa had to leave

rushed off to comfort the weeping not meant to force motherhood on on business and Pat is going over to.orphans. them. Aunt Mary's right after school.

Somehow they got through the The maid wouldn't stay cause all excitement of the day and Susan WHILE these stirring the babies upstairs are broken out concluded the joys of motherhood events were taking place in the with something. Billy, you won't

are unnumbered. She was right, Brooks'home Bill was in Philaleave me, will you?"and Susan

for the next morning when Patty delphia at Jefferson Medical gathclung to his coat.

went out on the porch for the milk ering together his credits and mak- "No, never!"With this he

she returned with wide open eyes ing arrangements for his prospicked up the nearest prodigy and and a basket full of baby. A tiny pective studies in Vienna. Two spanked it on the spanking place.

cross orand a half of the six weeks had The din began to cease. All the blueeyed girl—a very

phan. Susan ordered a pink bed passed and he had received only babies opened their eyes and shut

for the morning delivery and Pat one letter from Susan, but it contheir mouths. Susan alone wept

sewed flannel nighties. tained all the startling news. On as she continued, "While I was

Susan was bewildered. No Wednesday he telegraphed Susan getting Nancy out of the clothes

prayer had ever been answered with he would be home on the two chute Jackie tipped all the food such haste and plentitude before. o'clock and would like to see her in over."

Nor was this the end. On each the evening. This was evident, for Jackie,

succeeding morning for nearly two He had scarcely entered his a- in his best white dress, was padweeks the same thing occurred. partment when the telephone rang dling around in great glee; winking

Every day the morning delivery and a frightened, tearful voice came occasionally to keep the baby food, brought another bed. Susan was over the wire. "Hello, Bill, this which was dripping from his

nearly frantic but each one was "so is Susan. Will you come over, golden topnot, from getting in his

sweet and helpless"that she hadn't quick! Nancy's fallen down the eyes. At this point Bill rescued

the heart to refuse it a home and clothes chute; and,"her voice broke Ophelia, the cat, that was strugTHE GOOSE NECKS, SAN JUAN RIVER, SOUTHERN UTAH

Photo courtesy Zeke Johnson.

.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JULY, 1935 *

gling desperately against Dicky's "Let me help you always. Susan, water bottle on her stomach, dancloving bear hug, vainly trying to I—I love you!"ing up and down in a baby crib

hang onto its ninth life. "Let me "I know,"she must not weaken refusing his heart and hand.

take charge here, Susan. I'll stir now. "I mean, aren't you hungry?"Similar days Supassed—poor month went bythe food and you change Jackie's "No;"he let her go impatiently. san! And so the

clothes before Ophelia laps him up; "Well, I am."—poor William! In anotherI see her headed his way. Now "Darling, won't you—?"week the boat sailed and Susan had

Bill, senti- I "Really, can't be one not relented. would make HeyouA. ** stop crying, you are just upIset. starved. mental I'm glories when attempt. of the must more One

"But the food isn't even cooked wash my face, my nose is all red of youth is that it knows no deyet; and the babies will be starved."and I look a sight."feat. He hummed, brushed his hair

"Judging from the lusty sounds "You look wonderful!"and tied his tie, Susan's favorite

when I came in I am afraid they'll "Which proves love does not see tie. Then he strode through the

live. You get the bottles ready and very well,"declared Susan; "come still, peaceful air to the Brooks

I'll put the food to cool."on before they get through eating home. Here all peace ended and

"Bill, do you think it can be or we won't have a chance."he was put to work rocking Robert

smallpox they have? That's what They ate, but one bite never saw and amusing Bill, the black one,

is the one. next the This like way a noises barnyard. making it by it said was."Hannah

bite went, one: Screaming from to favored seemed be Chickens by

likely rash, a but we will "More the nursery. dropped Helen had clucked, Bill so the pickaninny

see. it?"have many How it bottle her given and when was cackled, cock-a-doodledoo-ed and

"Five, counting the black one."to her she kept on throwing it on until Susan appeared.

Dr. Marquette examined floor to test right the five the her feminine I but he began, "Susan came—,"pronouncedand the malady to attention; she defied them, and interrupted, "just she a minute

measles. At once Susan's lips bewith lusty shrieks to ignore her. while I get Nancy a bottle. Pat,

gan to quiver and Bill could see Bite two: Violent coughing and will you come and get Jackie?"

more tears on the way. sneezing from the upper chamber. She disappeared and reappeared a

"Don't get excited, it is only "Oh,"wailed Susan, "now they're full half hour later, flushed, exGerman measles. They'll be all getting hay fever!"The hay fever cited, hurried. "Oh, is Bob asleep?

right in a few days."proved to be pepper with which Bless his heart! I'll take him. You

"How many nationalities do Jimmy, aged two, and smart for have no idea, Bill, how it hurts a they come in?"his age, was seasoning the youngest baby to cut teeth. Now will you

"Just one; the others come in and tenderest of the orphans. help me undress the rest of them?

colors, red and black."Susan and Bill gave up eating as It's way past their bed time."

"Will they all catch it?"Roderick got his head wedged in At last they were all disposed of

"Very likely, but don't worry,"between the bars of the bed. Jackie but Susan still sat singing Rock-a-

he held her by the shoulders and put Susan's ivory nail set in the byebaby while Patty discussed looked into her tearfully red face, toilet along with Bill's hat. Maywith Bill her viewpoint on the care

"all they need is rest and quiet."be this incident should not be menand raising of infants. He liked

"Quiet,"Susan laughed at that, tioned and there are many more Pat of course, and as a little sisterbe. cannot eight o'clock essential that they which absolutely At"is it perfect, she inlaw was but—rein Brooks came much quiet, Mama doctor?"have Finally "Patty, can he said, you

find to in right her Susan "Impossible, I'd say. By the lieved sing?

thing she mind; a to dared not hadway, how is Nancy?"She gave him a sample.

is all I beexpect. right she now. "Oh, fine,""That's he lied. You go

It Bill a hectic day. had been islieve cool. the food Will you sing to the babies. to and I want

slept that soundly he night but hadhelp me?"talk Susan."with

In due time the food was ready, undignified visions of Susan with After all babies are not music the babies all lined up. It was a mush bowl on her head, a hot critics and might not even notice a

feeding time in the nursery. Botflat note now and then. The extles for the little ones, highchairs, change was made and Susan sat

bibs and eggies for the graduated down with a sigh. Bill began

ones. cheerfully, "I just came over to say

During the lull Bill said, "Tell goodbye. I'm off in the morning,

."me, Susan, do you still think it's everything packed and—to helpnoble humanity?"gasped, so soon! "Oh!"she "Not

Susan smiled, "Yes, don't you? I she ended weakly.Aren't they sweet?"thought—,""Well, you see, Helen Carter has

"Yes, sweet, but you, darling, asked me to spend a few days at you're tired out."her Long Island home before sail-

"Oh, no, not now you are here. ing, next Saturday. Old friends of

You are such a help."the family, you know; and I

couldn't very well refuse."

iHE words were said so sincerely that Bill's heart gave A WOMAN in the case. fell. little quiver Susana caught and he Susan's hope She

B. Y. U. ATHLETES AT PLAYtightly whispered, in his arms could only be truthful and she said, so

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

"Billy, dear, I don't want you to "But not as much attached to to barter at the corner market for go away."them as I am to you. I'll leave the best foods at the most econom-

"I don't want to go either, but money, Susan, with Doctor Parks, ical prices. But the real thrill of

then it won't be so bad, rather a so they can have a motherly woman the day came in having steaming jolly trip for a bachelor; and I will to take care of them and train food ready for Bill when he came

have my studies to take up my them. When we get back you can in at six o'clock, and in telling and

time."see them every day. You will be hearing the happenings of the hours

left since he home. had Say their Cinderella Godmother.

at "Billy,"she could not look that. of happy month 'yes,'Saturday we darling and A on A "will write tohim, you me?"Illinois'auduring which month sail just will on blue two away, we I! day; "Will Every and you brilliance their lost woods tumn skies! seas, we under sunny And tell allcan children; the about me fell cruel a prey to November and troubles."of at the our will end be they they do, grow,what how how tree left gaunt that only winds her but answer not did Susan teeth get they everything andmany their gusts in trunks wake. Cold affirmative. kiss an was say.they think, Just of some sleet lake the brought and from -Hgf ]g* will in kindergarten bethem when the in shivered Chicago and snow

I return. I Gee, Susan! How of winter. a hard wish Satisfactorily grasp were I goingyou with me. won't Bill fell terribly ill then And

ask you, though, all in It seemed a few to happen you are doing so Serviceable for humanity!"much (Continued from page 411) days'merely day he was time. One

'But Bil—."j|H H( contracting an annoying cold

it see have as "I to do. come you rubbers, not wearing your "from their despoiled of already nuts first years are the immostThe are the a man, young when magnificent nuts. luscious Theportant because their future deice glaze sleet."of days and streetsTwo here with maples of hard crimson theirpends cradle training. on later the the lake mist from damp glistening whiteness the there and is the matter, Susan?What You to clutch seemed his breath with birch. the ofare crying!"icy fingers leave and spent and him different it will "Janice, be so I tired!"so "Oh, am gasping.

physical counthe here. out Even are, I'll darling, "I so you know doctor his head shook The different. are try, the climate Dogo. a have hard had day You gravely. people,"he young "You like you'll think you children; thewith been I have and it—with chided, "with your exuberant

Bill's voice anxious and was me?"here long to say enough goodbye. health. take precautions. no You fearful. rest."get must someYou life think can't hurt you. But You sure. voice very Janice's was But pleadgo!""No! Don't No! It terribly. can hurt you

it,""I'll said simply, she love Susan. to don't want you sick a very husband—is you.""with want He—yourman.it can.edgo—ever! "IOr—I mean—I

to go with you!"that Janice month had seen

Susan "But caps Michigan on Lake! The babies! 'It was strange—that theOncewhite

"Oh, dear! I know I can't. first month in Chicago. Strange claw at the shore during a storm.

I've tried so hard and I am afraid for Bill to work into the new She felt their sharp fingers tearing at and strange for Janice to play at attack to completely submerge her.help—haveI'll never succeedyou a hanky?"without more routine of the railroad shops there, her now threatening with each fresh

Bill wiped her eyes and nose keeping house in their tiny apartDesperately she fought the and kissed her lips. "There, my ment and explore the great city waves. She didn't dare go under.

little Susie, don't cry! Would you that fascinated her with its mass of She must keep her feet. Bill needed

really go with me if it wasn't for hurrying humanity and terrified her.

the babies?"her with its noise and confusion. But the doctor didn't seem to

"Yes, Bill, I want to go, but I It was fun to don a fluffy pink need her. He brushed her aside and

in the apron mornings and cleanhave the installed of them nurse. a And them—fifteen until it shone. apartment It wasI love I them so much. case Oh, no, "This needs real care,"was

can't!"a real education, she told herself, his only explanation.

"Yes you can, I'll get a place Janice did the little things she

In factfor them! they have they so futile. seemed could—but

place. sent Dr. Parks a "My Babies"She envied the them from her skill. nurse No

the home. You know he is head By Mary B. Watkins matter where she went about the

physician at the children's home. house, Bill's white face haunted her

They were given to you, One T HAVE a tiny garden and his racking cough sent tremors her.Month On Approval. All is fair I nourishMore enchantingthree sweet everyrosebudsday of fear throughin love and war!"And watch them in their play. It was like a nightmare—that

"William Marquette, you hortime of waiting. Until the doctor,

case a tiny jewel have sittingrid thing! patiently at Bill's bedside could you? Does I How

lies, treasure therein A this?"mother watching fight, said, his valiant know sapphires and shining Six gorgeous

Bill's face registered the fact that That are my babies'eyes. "He'll make it. You young peo-

! What obstacles you can overmother knew and he added, "But I have a tiny heaven ple

she was willing to help me, Susan, Wherein three bright stars shine come."

so was your father."And as I gaze upon them It was only when Bill was safely

"But now I am all attached to I thank God they are mine. past the crisis and she could busy

herself with preparing light wholethem, and—."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 -IBsome foods for him, and hovering made her eyes look like larkspurs. cough that couldn't be gotten rid

about to make him more comfortShe noticed after she was dressed of, the doctor said, in Chicago.

able, that Janice began to feel alive that the blue put some color into Quickly Janice wrapped the again. Bill's recovery, once he was her white face. folds of chiffon, the veil, and the

back on the road to health, was reIt would be better to take the white satin slippers in tissue paper markable. Long before she was ring now without thinking about and slipped them into a box. She'd

willing to cease pampering him, it long. Just before she was ready go immediately, while Bill was takBill was determined to go back to to leave, the thought occurred to ing a nap. She could leave a note

work. She put him off a week. her that she might be able to realize and Bill needn't know for a long

They'd get along some way. They something on her other cherished long time how she had gotten the

could pay the doctor a little out of possession—her wedding dress. A money to take them back to Utah.

each payday. He couldn't do his costume house might be interested All the way down town on the

work efficiently until he was in it. subway she had to keep repeating

stronger, she reasoned. She had a wild desire to cry out, to herself, "It's for Bill. I couldn't

But one day she couldn't hold "No, no, I can't give them up."bear to part with them otherwise."

him back any longer. He was But just then Bill coughed in For she would really have to giveperfectly well, he argued. They the other room—-a hard racking them up. Leaving Chicago meant

wouldn't hold his job forever.

Janice accused him of being glad to get away from the house. He

looked so pleased when he turned to wave goodbye from the end of the walk. She was afraid to have

him go. The doctor hadn't yet

given his sanction.

Three hours later he was back, his "I—Iface whitehaven'twithanypainjob,"andheworry.muttered miserably, "there's someone

else in my place."

IT was nearing the end of January. There was more than

the doctor's bill to worry about now. There was rent and food.

The little savings account they had had to draw on was entirely gone.

Worst of all, Bill looked like a shadow. The cough that he had

never quite lost was developingalarmingly. CATERPILLARREG. U. S. PAT. OFF.

The doctor delivered an ultimatum, "Get this boy back out THE PIONEER TRACTOR

West. He isn't going to throwthis off in Chicago's heavy damp Is Still THE LEADER Today

air.""Get this boy back out West.""Caterpillar,"the pioneer of the tracktype tractor,

the world.He might as well have suggested is still the leader today—throughout

going to South America! Year by year as civilization has advanced "CaterIt would mean a hundred dollars pillar, too, has improved. Now you have the econfor her to take him back home. omy of the Diesel "Caterpillar"which operates at

A hundred dollars! A few weeks a tiny fraction of the cost of tractors of yesteryear.

it likeago wouldn't yearin, peryear-out the Let you us show.so a much. Why, "Catof figures thousands the of formance now—have. seemed dollars didn'thundred She But was—yourerpillars"see for at work. Then now five.have

She couldn't ask her mother for self—in a SHOWDOWN demonstration—

money. There was so little of her what "Caterpillar"can do for you.

father's insurance left and her mother was making such a valiant effort to keep from being dependenton her and Bill. LANDES

off her Slowly Janice endrew TRACTOR & EQUIPMENT CO. ring. bringgagement It would

something. Nothing was too great Distributors

a sacrifice for Bill. 245 West South Temple Salt Lake City

She slipped into her powder blue knitted suit. Bill had told her it

04 t"THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

that she could probably never reoffice of an advertising firm without nor there. The important thing

deem the diamond and the dress absorbing something. to get the job.

would surely have to be sold out- "The January Bride Tells You "Very suitable. You'll make a

right. Why to Buy Linens at Creel's,"most attractive window decoration,

Janice had never been in a pawnshe whispered softly to herself. young woman, but how do I know

shop. She didn't know quite what "I'll try it. They can't do more your sales ability consists of anyto expect. But when the proprietor than say 'no'."thing more than good looks?"

said, "I'll give you ten dollars "Let me try it for a day. I'll

not a cent more,"she thought she OHE approached the work the first day for nothing,"must be losing her senses. Her manager with much less assurance Janice begged. "I'm positive I can

lovely diamond, for which Bill had than she tried to display. Even increase your sales."

paid several hundred dollars, would after he eyed her disinterestedly and Breathlessly, she waited for his ten dollars!bring far would to take said coolly How she had "Well?"It answer. came—miraculouslyten dollars go toward taking them "It's to herself, time to whisper for just hoped. as she

toback couldn't Utah? Bill."No—she prove a drawing might "You

give it at that try up price. She'd "It's said hesitantly. She made a grand plea for the card,"he

elsewhere. job. She admitted to herself, even rather a novel idea."

But when, after four attempts, while she was afraid she wasn't imHe could arrange the loud she found that ten dollars was the pressing the manager a bit, that it speaker, he decided, so that she most she could get, she grimly slipwas eloquent. could begin work the next day.

ped the ring back on her finger. "All you have to do,"she conHer pay, he informed her, would

Ten dollars wouldn't solve her cluded, "is to give me leads on the be two dollars a day and lunch.

problem. goods, in speaker put a loud and

first. like at Bill idea the didn't the be to thing She found same I'll the wear window. wedmy like idea "I the of not don't only dress.true of the the one was dress, to talks write ding the No present

a being in your with showwindow it.least bit interested in buying stressing public, the to the points strangers those of gaping crowdsIt a to well her as pride was blow advertised, guarantee want you and

it at said bluntly, you,"he "butas a heartsickening disappointment attract to a crowd."desecrate sort of the would memory chifthe lovelyabout money. Her she added an openargument As dress. of your wedding made You dress that shefon plead to had had ed the the soft held folds box and

it is this a for sacred occasion and forso the hard of and on making close chiffon face. to of her up different."so

which she had put such painstaking "Hm,"he studied the effect indeal Janice guessed that a goodloving Janice tently, pretty. "very of type The care—unwanted! of over Bill's bluntness was chagrin all over.felt angry a the go best with would bride who

Then a strong grim determinapublic just now. The buying her having to work. That was

tion overcame her anger. She public won't consider extravagance like a man. Wanting to assume all

wasn't ready to give up yet. The or excessive cost at a time like this. the responsibility. Wanting to

doctor had said Bill wouldn't get I mean,"he went on, "your dress protect. Janice was glad Bill felt

well in Chicago. Well, she'd get is simple and practical. Not a New like that. She hoped he would

him out of Chicago. "I don't York importation, I take it."never get over wanting to protect

know how,"she said to herself "I made it myself."Chiffon, her. But Bill was still a sick man.

ferently when husbands are sick.here—somehow."fiercely, "but I'll get him out of toto him,her, Janicewasn't thoughtas elegantvaguelyas it wasto And wives have to do things difDesperately she trudged down herself. But that was neither here "Bill, don't make me sell the idea

four blocks, clinging to the precious to you, too,"Janice protested in suitbox, not knowing why she mock terror. "I nearly had nerchose the direction she did. vous prostration selling it to the

And then suddenly she knew manager of Creel's. I wonder what

that there had been a very definite Mother will say when I tell her my reason why she had chosen this dichiffon dress is really going to be serviceable. This isn't the kind ofrection. She had an idea—an idea

that just had to succeed. service she meant it to have but I

For a moment she stopped and think it's rather beautiful. One of

watched a windowtrimmer army dearest possessions is going to ranging quantities of bedlinens, render a service for someone I tablelinens, and towels in the winsimply couldn't do without."

feeling, with one but you "no the ensign abovedowCreel's—theof a large department store. "Janice,"Bill's voice was husky

it that put way."the couldtrance announced. Across

back of the showwindow huge True to her promise, Janice kept letters read, "Drastic MidJanuary a crowd before Creel's window

Reductions in Linens."next day and the next and the next.

Busy little gnomes sped back and Two hours after the store opened forth in Janice's brain, weaving a on the first day, the manager conmore intricate picture against the gratulated her warmly.

background of "Drastic Reductions "You have me convinced alin Linens."She hadn't pounded A HORSE,WHATA MORESUMMERCOULDDAYBEANDASKED?A RIVER! ready. A crowd inside at this time

a typewriter for two years in the of day is unusual. Beginning

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 >-

right now, you are working for Bill announced vehemently. "I'm White what you were doing. Yespay."practically well. I don't like to terday he wrote me that he could

Perhaps it was her fresh young have you out working."make a place for me at home and he

beauty some of them stopped to "You're going to stay right here sent transportation money for me."

look at. Perhaps the universal apas the doctor ordered, Bill Wright. "Bill! You were mean not to

peal of a lovely wedding dress atAnd you don't know how much tell me last night. But it's such

tracted others. But whatever the fun I'm having."grand news that I'll forgive you."

cause of their stopping, a large per "Oh, I feel so restThen she remembered somecent heeded the appeal of her logical ing and reading,"useless—justBill protested. thing.

reasoning and inherent salesman- "Bring me some stationery, will "Oh, Bill,"she wailed. "He

ship and bought merchandise. The you, Dear? I can at least write sent you transportation money?

manager was delighted with her letters."That's what I've been working for

success. The next week Janice demon-—to take you home."

At the end of the week he sugstrated how she could save money "That's easily fixed, Honey.

gested that she reshape her speech by buying her furniture at Creel's You pay my way and I'll pay to meet the requirements for a disand could save time by caring for yours."

play of china. The third week the her house by using Creel's electric Suddenly they looked at each

window was made into a miniature vacuums and cleaning apparatus. other and burst into laughter. Joykitchen. In addition to dwelling Then there was an extra week of ous, freehearted laughter that

on the relative merits of different linens. scorned worry and illness.

kinds of cooking utensils, Janice Before the week was over the "Bill,"Janice sobered for a mostirred up a chocolate fudge cake manager complimented her work ment, "you be making some cocoa every two hours and baked it in an but told her he could not retain her and toast. I'll run downstairs and

electric range with a special oven any longer. telephone the station. Maybe

control. Because her clever sales "Spring sales will take care of there is a train tonight."

talk sold ranges, of a number said. the themselves from he on,"now

manager that kept her on demonin ) 4 I can't keep "I'm sorry on you stration for two weeks and gave her some other capacity. But we'rean extra dollar every day. laying off clerks right along."A Builder of Boys

"Bill,"she exulted, "the dollars And there still wasn't enoughare piling up in the old blue teamoney for carfare for two to Utah! and Girls

cup. At this rate we'll soon be on (Continued from page 421)

our home."way ]9 fair hardly of was IT 4 "I'm going to look for a job,"Bill last until to the very wait day to he rode the next and town. on she the he worked had had when sort until thing continued of This

letter a before whole day and dihimself in the he found headed rection before of and Utah Lake It PERFECT FOR might have told her then. a very was downhearted

street. the last the house on He Janice her came with who home finally PICNICS succourage mustered and last check pay counted and what ceeded in order. placing an she able to been squeeze had out

above living expenses. Bill even

returned to the Brigham Fisher's let her count the money. J-JE

University and that Young wearily, she said "Dear,""any VITAMIN "D"afforded a an opportunity it there's you figure only winter way

of were freshmen below who are think to up well you you enough Eread enough money for one fare. If teaching position for a class made class. the standards the Inof I go alone, think better go you had

class sothis in cluded the were I'll else get back something now. to matter plan where No you called incorrigibles. a heteroSuch to carfare as out do and work my picnic the or on Fourth Twenunstintingly geneous group drew I as soon can,"she a with added you'll tyFourth enjoy sandwiches teacher's resources the native upon feeble It at a attempt laugh. Fisher's with Vitamin made "D"a into required insight keen and separated be wouldn't

its Bread. to In delicious addition easy—being nature. slight was human pay The Bill. from flavor this better supplies bread dollars a the Bill's so old laugh gay out rang—sixty month—but girls the Vitamin boys and "D"asteacher the young welcomed it startled that loud

to help better need teeth build and salary signment. his of Onefourth "We're going home—togetherher. strong bones. consisted scrip tithing of on and he announced mys-—tomorrow,"consisted occasions of grocer can supply with some Your you teriously.

to neighbrooms, he sold which American Lady isn't Cakes, Whole "But—there enough—."articles. in need of such Bread. Bill Wheat, or Rye "Janice dear,"was too exbors

cited himself to keep up the mysHe married Zina Robinson, a

A Product of the tery, "I didn't tell you because I student at Brigham Young Unididn't think it could possibly hapversity. The following summer

AMERICAN LADY pen as it did. Two weeks ago I he went to Canada to rehabilitate

BAKING COMPANY wrote the shops at home and told a mercantile establishment that had them the whole story of what had been purchased by Jesse Knight.

happened here. I also told Mr. In slightly less than two years time

<- THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

he closed with a profit of ten thouyear round and part time attendand happier living in a changing sand dollars and an increase in perance features of the law. and challenging world.

sonnel of one hundred per cent. It is designed to provide life

Turning down an increase in salary TN 1925 Francis Kirkham was apsituations wherein the individual he entered the University of Michpointed to the Superintendency will have an opportunity to form igan, distinguishing himself in deof the Granite School District, the moral judgments and act with satbating at this institution. Receiving largest consolidated district in the isfaction until habits are formed.

a Bachelor of Arts Degree, he taught state. Here was the chance to set Dr. Kirkham is now at work on

three years at the B. Y. U. and then about realizing in a direct way the two additional publications. The

proceeded to Leland Stanford Unipromises of a plan which he had brand of education which he seeks versity for a year of graduate helped to launch. to impart, looks to the unity of

study. Then came a brief edu- C. A. Prosser, director of the educational forces in a common

of an ethicalcational tour of Europe as a respite Dunwoody Institute of Minnecause—the building

from scholastic duties, followed by apolis, speaking of the work done character.

a return to his old teaching posiin Kirkham's district said, "The At Atlantic City this year tion. Utah school laws of 1 9 1 9 have been through an invitation from Dr.

One year later he accepted the made into a comprehensive program presidency of the L. D. S. Business for the conservation of children not

College and became the leading proequalled on this continent."

ponent of a plan to put the college The University of California on an independent basis. Resignawarded the degree, Doctor of

ing this position to study law, he Philosophy in 1930. One year

became a member of the first gradulater the office of Education, United ating class in law at the state uniStates Department of the Interior versity. He was admitted to pracpublished bulletin No. 11, "Edutice before the Supreme Court of cating All the Children of All the

the State of Utah. People."The publication is a

comprehensive survey written by For two years, he was a memDr. Kirkham of in the his work

ber and Secretary of the first Utah Granite District.

Tax Commission appointed by actedGovernor Spry William and after his arrival in CHORTLY later for State the Utah Farm in City York New 1 929 he was y as StateBureau of Chairman their invited by Superintendent Charles tax committee. W. Taylor, of Nebraska, to help WHEN YOU ORDER YOUR

He interested himself in the formulate a statewide program in water and land development of character education which had reSalt and LakeUtah Counties cently been made mandatory by yoYeootncj latewith the Joseph R. Murdock. state law. This has been a laborfulfilling mis- a second first AFTER atory for the developing of plans which, published by Nebraska Ojnnouncements sion to he was as state New Zealand bulletins, have disbeen

State thechosen of by EduBoard tributed the by National Child that invitations con or remember we first serve as to Statecation the DiWelfare Association, Fifth 70 Avelatest smartest with the and furnish yourector in Vocational of Education nue, in York, the New United selection stationery. wide wedding A time, this the 1917. about States. At Miss Daisy a Simons, capin enbeautiful upto-date type faces ofstate legislature able for girl a provided from Murray, Utah, able to announce* produce you us for the inbroadened education of plan formerly a principal in the Granite distinction invitations or ments and ofstate the School and of $100,- made District sum assisted. later She individuality. reasonable. Prices most available for state carrying the became000.00 supervisor in that state

this this program.out of and year An important in worked RECEIVE Essex MAIL ORDERSfigure this legislative action County, behind Jersey, New with a popuPROMPT, CAREFUL

was Francis Kirkham. The new lation larger than the state of Utah. ATTENTION

legislation (1) almost doubled A recent publication by Dr.

state support for schools; (2) Kirkham (March, 1935), used <2

created a division of health educastate-wide in Nebraska and on the tion in the State Department of approved list for use in New YorkEducation; (3) provided for comCity Schools is "A Member's Guide m

pulsory school attendance of aliens; High School Service League."This

(4) extended compulsory school is sponsored jointly by the Naattendance; (5) permitted boards tional Child Welfare Association

of education to use money for trainand the Department of Secondary PRINTERS—BINDERS

ing in health, gainful work and Education of the National EducaRULERS moral character for twelve months tion Association. Herein young

each year; (6) appropriated $100, people in School may think 29 Richards Street

000.00 special aid to school disthrough their problems of today, SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

tricts for the administration of the and decide upon plans for better m m

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 >

Ben C. Graham, Superintendent of During his residence in the East

Schools of Pittsburg, Dr. Kirkham he has made a study of the divine

addressed a division of the Superorigin of the Book of Mormon, intendent's Section of the National which he declares is the greatest CLEANER VACUUM MotorDriven Brush Education Association, on the subevidence of immortality and the With

The successful combination of ject, "Trends in Character Educadivinity of Christ that has been all principles cleaning three enables you to clean by tion as a basic factor in Citizenship given to the world since the resurnow easy MACHINEACTION intraining,"rection and ascension into heaven stead of tiresome ARMAC- He was also recently one of the of the Savior. TION.

Just Phone For tion In Your Carrying A Home—EasyDemonstraCharge tendirectedselectedby Dr.to speakH, G. onCampbell,a panel activitiesDr. Kirkhamhave proceededis a manat a whosewhite Terms—Small

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. Superintendent of schools of New heat. His is a story of an unfalterEUREKA VACUUM CLEANER York City on the problem of deing purpose, of dauntless courage,

CO.

Broadway linquency, truancy and maladjustof a great desire and its fruition, 177 East his to Wasatch a cherished 4764 ment in that metropolitan area. of ideal—service Salt Lake City, Utah educountry and his Church in the

)R. KIRKHAM is as modest as cation of its youth.

he is capable. When one men- ]9> -4

tions his successes he smiles and gives.credit his to companion. ToFlashes from the their children gether with they have

life ten spent years of their married June Conference universities in the country. of the (Continued from page 442)

He will tell you that in his )3*- -4 youth, under the inspiration of Dr.

the hour held at a meeting same At Karl G. Maeser, George H. Brimall for in the members Hall Assembly hall decided and the Church, he

I. President the Ruth of A. Y. W. M.

real that joy through came will that address delivered an Fox clean May living, service, and growth in the be remembered long by her hearers.

finer things of life. He has always She urged character building within

been an active worker in the Church the home by recourse to family prayer, and is now a member of the High "If you can build that thing in our

Council in the New York Stake. children, so that it can never be said

that they didn't know right from wrong, and if you will be honest with yourselves, honest with your children, and honest with God, and get an unthereby, I promise derstanding you will PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH MAINTAIN labors."reap the fruits of your

the VALUE This conference was a gala event for

be could blue shields with their of your ESTATE girls DEPENDABILITY the BeeHive girls. Everywhere the guides, as messengers, and seen, serving

Joseph F. Smith, sixth President Business conditions are conducting demonstrations. It was in

of the Church, was known and changing. Protect your commemoration of their twentieth anrespected for his utter dependrevisingestate andyouryourwillheirsnow.by niversarylasting forandaboutculminatedtwo months.a celebrationThey

ability. His book, "Gospel DocThe advice of our trust conducted a special exhibit at the old

trine,"won high favor among department may mean President's office, viewed by thousands members of the Church through many dollars saved for of conference visitors, carried on demits wise philosophy and reliable those you love. onstrations for the three days in the

information. Commercial and Savings business houses of Salt Lake, and then,

Accounts, Trusts, Abto end their celebration, participated in Thousands of students—n o n- stracts, Safe Deposit a pageant depicting the story of the

members as well as members of Boxes. BeeHive program in the Church. It

the Church—have found the eduwas a colorful dramatization and a

cation received at the parent fitting close to the conference.

Church School reliable and of the A mark of respect to the former highest order. general superintendency, Elders George

Albert Smith, Richard R. Lyman, and UTAH Melvin J. Ballard, of the Council of FOUR QUARTERS OF SAVINGS & TRUST the Twelve, was paid at the annual

president's lunchsuperintendent's INSTRUCTION and SCHOOL COMPANY235 South Main social eon held at the Lion House THE YEAR 'ROUND

Salt Lake City, Utah center. An expression of appreciation

BRIGHAM YOUNG Member FederalSystem Reserve superintendencyfor the work and servicewas expressedof the retiringby

Federal Member UNIVERSITY Deposit M.PresidentI. A. RuthShe said,May inFoxpart:of the Y. W. Insurance Fund

PROVO UTAH "These three men are endowed with i the qualification that made of them a

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. JULY, 1935

great head.... Certainly there will THIS intensification of the connever be another head of M. I. A. that science is the fuller life in its "GET HOTELWISE"

will outshine the one I am speaking ethical and spiritual aspects. It is

about. The Mutual Improvement Asnot a fuller understanding of the

sociation has prospered under their genfine technical distinctions of right had direction.eral have we Always

in and wrong; but a deeper sense of and in all meetingsperfect harmony

the transaction of Mutual business."the wrongfulness of wrong and the

(The complete text of his message will rightfulness of right.

appear in The Improvement Era,) The abundant life is essentially

It is intensithe life of the Spirit. Hotel

fa. g{ fied spirituality. spirituality And South 5th East 145

Salt Lake City, UtahThe Abundant Life istensifiesthat livelinessappreciationof spiritof thethatbeauin- (Continued from page 423) tiful, deepens love for the truth, B. McPherson, Mgr.

]fiH -4 kindles love for the good, and in apparel of flashy fabric and rather striking ensemble. Her appearance was quite incompatible

with the quiet retiring dignity of a lady missionary. The mission

president became concerned about the matter; but he was too gallant

to give her peremptory instructions about her apparel.

Then it occurred to him that a

Priesthood meeting was to be held the following day in a district not far from mission headquarters. He

determined to take her to this meeting. The meeting was one of

those eighthour sessions, in which everyone spoke with intense fervor of the goodness of God and the exquisite joy of being in His service.

Nothing was said about fitting apparel for a lady missionary.

But the next day the newcomer appeared in an ensemble whose subOn file only dued dignity was quite in contrast at Shell stations with her yesterday's finery. What

conscience happened?had Her fishing, hunting; National at a Shell ming, you're TIME had NEXT she been quickened and commenced

station, remarksee this ask to Park regulations.

to feel out of place in swank clothable book. So ask Shell this year and get ing.

It's called the FingerTip Travel Shell's free Auto Cabin Directories;

Information Book. Each Shell staCity Maps; In -an'- Out Maps and

tion from Southern California to wonderfully complete Road Maps.

Canada has one of these complete, All along the way, enjoy the indexed catalogues. They tell everymany helps Shell stations alone thing a tourist might want to know

about the countryside he's in. have for your benefit. It's the easy

way to a grand vacation!

This "travel encyclopedia"ends the worry of where to stop—and "ROADS TO ROAM"—FREE

what the accommodations will cost. An upto-theminute travel folder

It tells you about attractive with pointto-point mileage table places, sights and events you might and an explanation of free roadotherwise overlook. side Shell services. For your free

Covers things like golf, swimfolder, mail coupon below.

Shell Touring Service Shell Building San Francisco, California Please send me, FREE, a copy of your new folder "Roads to Roam."

Name Address ON THE PIONEER TRAIL City E-7

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 > makes the heart beat in harmony "PHIS word "quickened"is most

The Utah High enhanceswith the moraldelightforcesin theof realizationthe world, intensification.significant. ItBeingmeans"quickenedessentially

School of Beauty of high ideals, and quickens in the in the inner man"signifies sensiCulture soul the joy of being in actual tization of the spirit of man. Is121 SOUTH MAIN STREET partnership with God in the pernot this the very essence of the

Floor 2nd fection and ennoblement of life? fuller man-

a profession that Learn would make yon kind. life. rest for the independent of your idea fulness that the of life The

Catalog:. for Write is Intensity one dimension of esthe promised the Savior means by This Mail Coupon life. fuller is the Duration other. life, is sentially a purer deeper and

Sensual pleasures are momentary. in accord with the whole Christian Name

philosophy of human exaltation. Address "Pleasures are like poppies spread

You seize the flow'r, its bloom is If we hold fast the basic concept sped; that Jesus came to give us richer

Or like the snow falls in the river life, we will not be led into error.

distinctive the thing was white then melts forWhat A moment give to for Jesus came His people ever."

their guidance, development, comBut the joys of the spirit are fort and salvation? We get our

I interminable. They consist essenfirst answer to this question in the HEADQUARTERSNEWFOR j tially of the power to enjoy every testimony of the Baptist. To those

LATTERDAY SAINTS normal experience. This power is who came to his baptism he said, "I GARMENTS baptize with you then water,"and an by inner flame which TO FACTORY FROM YOU generated referring the distinctive to mission Life the inexhaustible Solicit is fed by Orders Your Mail We

88. Lt. Ladies'No. Men's shall Wt. and the Savior added, he "He Spirit of and is one of God. This

..$ Style New.65 | baptize the with you Ghost."Holy the spiritual of reasons the that 89. Ladies'Med. Wt. Men's and JNo.

Style 1.10 I the New theme, up Jesus Taking same life is as "everlasting."spoken of

80. 1.35 No. Heavy Double Men's Wt. Back j I said: life Eternal neverend- is not only! 81. No. Double Heavy Old Style Wt.

Back 1.50 I ing in duration but it is also un- "Howbeit when he, the Spirit

87. Lt. No. Wt. Old and New Styles.85 j interrupted in its joyousness and of truth is come, he will guide you 85. Special No. Very GarNon-Run ments—Guaranteed—Not to glory. into all truth."

Run Rayon Special 1.10 |

dies'Style, Double CombNew leads that us into Holy Ghost of the progenitor the the awakening of ed Yarn, Fine Extra.85 j all truth, all alive 5 us of or makes ordering, Specify sensirace exemplifies your bust, when idea that trunk the

length, whether and new ladies*. or if men's Weor oldPayBtyle,Postageand |i tization of life is enrichment of truth. Moroni informs us that by

Anywhere in the United States. life. When Adam came up out of the power of the Holy Ghost "ye

all the things."truth of may the know Spirit baptismal waters "the LEWIS MOSE Or, in other words, the power by descended upon and him God ST. of 14 SO. MAIN

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH thus he was born of the Spirit, and of the Holy Ghost we are made

Please mention seeing this Add in this became quickened in the inner alive to all truth. And this inMagazine

man."tense awareness of truth, beauty

and goodness is intensified, enriched life.

Salt Lake (Bity's Newest Popular Hotel "THE theory of enrichment of life through the quickening power of the Spirit is in accord with what we know of the fundamental char- t acteristic of life itself. We do not HOTEL

know just what life is. No one

knows. But we do know that

1 consciousness is the chief characterTEMPLE istic by which we know life. The

sensitization of consciousness inSQUARE 1 tensifies thought and quickens every 200 Rooms each with fine instinct, exalting thought and

Tile Bath pure aspiration. It puts zest into

work, doubles the thrill of play,

Tiiites s increases the pleasures of learning, $1.50 to $4.00 gives a keener appreciation of the

Radio Connections for beautiful, enlarges the moral underEvery Room standing,strengthens kindredennobles ties,friendship,sanctifies

ERNEST C. ROSSITER, Manager | service, exalts worship and gives

Opposite Great Mormon Temple = an illimitable fulness to all experience.

Spiritual quickening is the very

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935

quintessence of the divine process "the abundant life."Work and ness cometh the visitation of the

of human enlightenment, salvation play, thought and research, fancy Holy Ghost."

and ennoblement. The great funand poesy, wit and humor, mirth Meekness is the deep aweinspir-

damental and vital step in the diand good cheer, sociability and ing and purifying sense of obligavine saving process is called passfriendship, service and devotion, tion to, and dependence upon the ing from "death to life."Enworship and communion are all One who is all good and all powerlarged "understanding"is said to vehicles of the deepened life of the ful. It is the mother of all the vircome through the "inspiration of Spirit. But "the abundant life"is tues. It is the wellspring of that

the Almighty."Intensified "peace"the divine exalting, driving power pure love for God and man which

and "joy"are called "fruits of the back of these diversified activities. is the quintessence of all moral

Spirit. And even our exalting There is a definite gospel way of grandeur. This intensified love

eternal glory comes through this obtaining the illimitable life of the exalts the mind, chastens the spirit, same "quickening"process. For Spirit. The prophet Moroni gives purifies the aspirations and makes

we read "and your glory shall be us the key. It is so homely and us worthy of the enduring comthat glory with which our bodies so contrary to our natural inclinapanionship of the Holy Ghost

are quickened."tions that we usually look upon it the Spirit of truth, goodness and

with disdain. "Because of meekbeauty.

A MOST vital experience, connected with the induction of the late President Lorenzo Snow into the Church, furnishes a modern classical example of the intensification of life through intense spiritual awakening. The venerable ecclesiast tells us that after his

baptism he sought in earnest fervent prayer for a testimony from an actual divine source of the truthfulness of the gospel he had humbly accepted in the baptismal covenant.

In his own inspiring account of the circumstance he says:

"I had no sooner opened my lips in an effort to pray than I heard a sound, just above my head, like the rustling of silken robes, and immediately the Spirit of God descended, upon me, completely enveloping my whole person, filling me, from the crown of my head to <zJ4efae atee the the soles of my feet, and oh, the joy and happiness I felt! No language

can describe the almost instantaneous transition from a dense cloud of mental and spiritual darkness into a refulgence of light and These new revised booklets knowledge, as it was at that time are full of helpful inforimparted to my understanding."mation for those who like This phrase "refulgence of light to see unusual places—and knowledge"is a good synonym

for "the abundant life."and for those who enjoy

If you turn a ray of white light fishing. They're free on

through a prism all the radiant request at any Pep 88 colors of the rainbow will shine—-Vico station.

out in resplendent glory. If you

turn the pure white light of the

Holy Spirit through a purified husoul all the majestic graces of Heaven—"love,man joy, gentleness, Drive in for thorough, dependable auto service

meekness, goodness and faith,"harmoniously blended, will reflect through the human spirit the inUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY finitely beautiful light and life of 400 Service Stations and Dealers in Utah and Idaho

God. Distributors of Atlas Tires and Batteries

"pVERY normal wholesome activity is a valid expression of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 >-

Romance of: circlenow ofroundeddiamonds,and whosefull, nestledcold bluea

silver light vied of sheen with theTwo Cities into tapesthe interwoven (Continued from page 425) crystals try of her blue silk gown. On )9 -4(

bracelet a bejeweled each white arm the reached formation The encased Feet cenhung. beadin dainty

ter before of the room, it's apex sandals ed stood firm blue the and cirPriestNana-aha. Great The eyes, veiled partly silken withcled queer slowly about Zena with

lashes, watched so without much steps, gesticulatingprancing and as a quiver, as brush the rough threatening weird chantsmaking changed her to beauty grotesqueto frighten vestige the last of away again ness; and the from Nephites spirit in so that sheNephite would came of the sound breath. indrawnreality lesser of them. be one The the to Again throbbing drums,Priests stamped swayed, bowed and the dancing on. went The triangle their about, keepingand swung grew smaller, the Priest circledmovements, their monotonous about Zena. increased tempo Thesingsong in the time with maneufaster louder and the throbwent Priest.vers of the he Great Now chanting bing and swaying. and girl before thepaused trembling

Zena grew giddy, the room swam before her; then with a final stacBE INDEPENDENT cato flourish, she was placed before INDIAN HOME, MEXICO the Mighty One. She knelt before

No Other Vocation So Profitable] him, her forehead touching the

ENROLL NOW For a Complete at the and from one who came swiftly to floor, arms outspread with palms Course his side, took paint and brush. She upward. Isaac stood beside her,

and, great with ceremony the took lips tight rigid with stood and ofQuish School Beauty Culture proffered the by One. Mighty to ring that were the daubs awaited in the The Best West lifted fair a small He hand and her. beautify 304-9 Bids. Ezra Thompson placed it within the huge dark one CITY, SALT LAKE UTAH

it. out to receive graVery the Neheld among FROM For Further Information ciously, Nanaaha her arose. to drew her sigh How and Catalog Call phites a great

Wasatch 7660 or perfect her beauty, Jared's vaults feet—his wife. She sat on a stool

Fill in ceremony for their treasures was over yielded This had up feet—the Coupon longdreaded had happened her. were such which Her curls a—theat his delight to Nanaaha were held back—she was the bride of the arrogant from her face with a bandeau of Lamanite. Bithna, David—all

brilliants. About her white throat, had been powerless.

Isaac had stepped back and from among his retinue four stalwart

Nephites came forward, each pair holding between them a huge and curiously wrought wine cask. One

bowing low, said:

"Oh, Mighty Nanaaha, greatest among the Lamanites; friend and

benefactor to thy insignificant slaves, the Nephites, accept, we humbly beg, this small token as a marriage gift from King Limhi. It

is rare old wine made in the days of King ZenifF and is the last of."With it, King Limhi sends—his vintage.

else was said WHAT girl the unhappy PROVO by either party never knew. Beneath the disfiguring paint her face went suddenly

OGDEN set tight. One among pale—her lips

those caskbearers was tall and comely and his deep stern eyes

PAYSON studied the room with careful indifference. A suffocating wave of

nausea swept over her. Her senses

reeled. She had hoped—oh, what

-4r THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 193 5

a flung it from him and both armshad she hoped—Bithna—David looked about wildly seekingdeserted her. He was here—here focusing point for the thoughts closed about her.

before I waited,"have "Long he exher—within

his face close to hers. it had ulted,had found room—yetit was her no way—nowthe thatmind—thetumbled andtwelfthrushedhour,throughtoo late—too late. Of all the City, come—this food must be eaten She caught her breath sharply asshe alone must be left to face the Nanaaha must be placated—her he drew her close; his thick lipsfury of the Lamanites. She heard people—would they win? The

a distance the throbbingas from out wine was holding Mighty One of the drum. she called Wearily not? St3* to her. Drink it? Why

herself back and looked over the David was gone—she must be oneroom. The feasting and dancing of these—there, some more were Nothing Remembers

had commenced, the Nephites were down.

gone with andher—withshe was heralone.dark Soskinnedalone theWhileroom shecried:hesitated, a Priest in Like a Snapshot!—people. "The Bride does not drink."Your Kodak is always

They had tapped the casks of Nanaaha's dark face grew an important member of wine and the groups about them darker. the party. For after it's

retreated only when pushed aside "Would you insult me before all over you'll have your by eager ones behind. She wonmy men?"he cried angrily. "No snapshots. Days pass

dered if Bithna had commanded it. bride refuses to eat or drink."and people scatter, but

What a tremendous amount they One hand grasped and held her snapshots keep memories could drink; no wonder the Neclose; the other forced a mug bealive.

phites called them gluttons. Some tween her lips. When emptied he

already were sprawled in embellic Kodaks as low as $5;

sullenness upon the floor. All Brownies from $1 and

feasted and drank, feasted and 'MillHand's'Vacation up—at your dealer's.

drank again. She glanced up at By Alberta H. Chcistensen

Nanaaha. In his hand he held

a huge mug, but drank more care- /'>\NCE only in the year's monotonousfully than the occasion warranted, -"'round EASTMAN she thought. His restlessness was He feelscheekthe sway of boughs against his

gone, but his black eyes roved Renews acquaintance with the friendly about the room. He seemed to take ground,

note of each man who became inAnd dreams new dreams upon a crevassed capacitated. He arose and walked peak,about the room, vain glorious in Oh worldtree of widened space and greening KoMINChis strut. She could see his spirits Forgive him if he somehow seems to drink STORES

relieved. greedilywere seemed of thy deep beauty's wine; Too rising—he

For precious hours squandered by over was and theThe ceremony the sea, 155 South Main Street

Salt Lake Cityeleventh hour long past. UponPray leta hillhim orbeonthussomeprodigalriver's withbrinktime,

Zena's eyes were following him, but her thoughts were flitting here and there over the City. Somewhere Sarah

Isaac,mother, andall—David,Lehi, Grandtoo, LIKE THE PIONEER OF ISU7

were making ready. She could see WE TOO HAVE PIONEERED OUR INDUSTRY

homes—waiting.them crouching in theTheydarkwouldof theirall ALONG WITH THEMgo—have their chance for freedom

and life and love. She alone

would be left to face their enemies.

She wondered what form their reis the largest buyer and user of Pure Sweet venge would take—torture, surely—there, a dozen men were down. Cream for ice cream—Alsoin Utah and Idaho

This was a little like captivity at Utah Beet Sugar used exclusively

Shemlon, but there they had meant Ask for only to scatter her ashes over the ICE CREAMfields. Now, Nanaaha—she lookSUNFREZEed up and quickly arose to her feet. "NATURALLY BETTER"

He stood looking down at her in anger. "The Fair One does not eat,"he RRUEN MILK

said thickly. "Is this not her wedFLAVOR

ding feast?"That is the Essence of it's Goodness

RICHER IN OHE tried to voice an BUTTERFAT—PROTEINS—MINERALS

excuse, but none came to her. She

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JULY, 1935 > found hers and lingered. His hot CHAPTER 9 love, or both, had spoiled her

winefilled breath suffocated her. plans. Nanaaha was so revengefear great did his Priest's cry: of her ful even exultant the heardShe the nearing were 1 HEY his it not desires stay of hand. the not thwart Had can "Who suflong City of Zarahemla. The

Isaac his for to Grandmother, been and Drinkthe One? Mighty fering, Lehiharassed people of

victory."Nephi were at last within reach of we both would have perished.

A dozen or more voices took up the City of their hearts'desire. Soonthe cry—the attention of the room their weary journey would be over.

closed her Grandmother them. Shewas upon hill, a the small of brow From family, the slipped from away had tighther aseyes the about arms figures ahead. looking stood two fate. share to your determined shot convulsively.ened arm An lay, the of Limhi them Below camp his over heart Isaac broken so was struck the Lamanite herpast and Its brilliant moonlight. in bathed her, thinking followed weakness, he fell a eyes. the withbetween He security of in resting were members die or take to you away some way feet orice his at butthud, on was

trials passed ahead. joys and To been in the attempt. had There disnostrils blazing,again, eyes walls the the white of them, north place the secretly guarding Nephitestended.

of towers and temples gleamed with from without, to see that no La- a soft radiance. manite left the building. All

Zena caught her breath and guards had been overpowered and leaned more heavily upon the figbound. It so happened that Isaac

Congratulations ure beside her. and Grandmother slipped through

TO THE real."Look,"Our dreamshe whispered.of horror is "Itpast.is theby thedoorswordin timeof theto seeMightyBithnaOne.die

Utah Pioneers SoonscribedthebylifeGrandmotherand love so oftenshall debe Thatto the broughtrescue. theIn aNephitefew momentsguards

AND THEIR EIGHTYEIGHT ours. We shall walk the streets, the winefilled Lamanites were

YEARS OF PROGRESS catch the fragrance of her flowers overpowered. Nanaaha had faland see her fountains play; and,"len from the effects of the drugged

DURING THE PAST one hand nestled in the firm one wine. Isaac still seeking to atone,

35 YEARS of her companion, "We shall even lifted Grandmother, the exertion her and excitement had stopped as enter Great her Temple and Endeavored To see We Have feeble her back, heart, and carrying she long ago."began to She did so Give You

weep softly. buried her hurriedly beside Grandfather. The witch was left where—THE BEST—"Do not mourn,"David breathQuality Furniture ed the words softly in her ear, and she fell. Much of this I learned

For Less Money his fingers closed tenderly over the later, for the men had to carry me hand that lay in his. "Perhaps she as well as you. We were late in

procession, the joining but made it a fairer are together in Jared and PLEDGE TO CONTINUE WE before the burst over storm us."she Zarahemla; and than city even PLEASE SERVE YOU AND TO

ALL made it possible for you to be Zena sighed happily. For a long

here."moment there was silence, then

The sobbing ceased abruptly. David, pointing into the moonWESTERN "I am strong. Will you tell me Furniture Co. now? light,"Seesaid:that starlight? It is the

135 South State "There is little to tell,"he antorch that gleams from the highest

Majestic Ranges swered. "As you fell, Bithna enpart of the Great Temple. Near

Hotpoint Refrigerators tered. I had slipped the bolts as it, in this direction, is a home where

General Electric Washers she had commanded; but as you a fine old Father anxiously waits

know, my rash head or my great the day when a daughter, such as you, shall enter it. He longs for

the halls to again be brightened by a woman's smile and children's

INSURE laughter.your Grandmother'sHe will sakelove asyouwellforas

Your registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause. your own."He smiled lightly.

"Perhaps your beauty will help him to forgive me for doing my own choosing. Never has he foundINSURE anyone pleasing to me."Your animals while in transit to market.

Let us quote you rates. Zena looked eagerly ahead.

"If only Grandmother could entered lived us to have with have HEBER J. GRANT & COMPANY Beautiglory City the into of her Salt Lake City, Utah 20 Main Street

ful."wm *m '''* 'm >m * w **f- > ip i The End

VAMWOLgLJOJM>A.OuJVftL

that issue greatly atter-day Saint Era has to have hard to Improvement it and are working of The home MayTHE appreciate brethren sure these end."a little would to organization,"attention tracted I am the BeeHive Girls'my

writes Mrs. Helen Urdahl, Jarbridge, Nevada. "I am teachei writeup in the Era on their achievement. We note that the

of a class of fine girls and fine boys ranging in age from eleven stakes are the only ones who have received publicity in the to fourteen. This class is nonsectarian and during the summer Era as to quotas, etc., and this is a little disappointing to

months adjourns. The girls are very much enthused over Mission workers who are laboring under greater handicaps

the idea of organizing a group into a swarm, and the boys than most of the stakes.

are very much interested in the Scout work. We are over Best wishes,

a hundred miles from the nearest stake and so our group E. K. Hanks,

cannot join that stake. We are very anxious to have a group Supt. Y. M. M. I. A. Calif. Mission.

of our own to occupy the youngsters during the summer f -f -f months.... We are anxious to begin this work now rather If—For the Girls

than wait for the fall season."

takeoff Kipling's from Rudyard famous poem Materials Mrs. have been sent Urdahl. We hope her Swarm *""*A MODERN"If,"sent is desirous of some young in by a man who successful. areand Boy Scout Troop

i i i day finding a wife.

were certainly glad to have the April issue of the Eva,"WEdeclares Dorothy Clapp Robinson, author of "The If you can dress and make yourself attractive.

curls puffs delight; chief Yet not your and make Boise, Cities,"writing town, her fromRomance home of Two

If active, can row, strong and be you and swim it; is histories in ChurchIdaho. and "There so much

gentler graces the lose of sight; But not any. aren't as scarceare this just there in town historyas—well,

I picture of L. a wanted Benjamin hadWish you known

If can the craze dance you of dancing, withoutClapp.

giving a hold, play too strong without Love Play, "Marigolds Carla "Tell for I think Wolfe me that the love of friends Enjoy romancing, without sweetestthe thing I have the is about Sun,"read for many the friendless, for the Care weak, the old and I It lived."day.a sort of where touched me

If English, French, can master Latin, you and are still people the some liked April number. There Many

as a acquire well not priggish mien And like available readerscopies one of case in our any would

If feel the satin, of can touch you silk and another.or

i i i Without despising calico and jean advances Toadlena, Mexico,T G. BLOOMFIELD, New UCY

If a ply use can a you saw and hammer,*- early father, piothe a of thought: one was who "My

if a the occurs, do man's need Can work atneers, of crossed plains the the passed just age away. He

asked, sing Can excuse or without stammer, when funeral died.9 his years; ninetyfour he he At was when

rise unfriendly slurs; Can above snubs and

I the following impressed thoughts: with was

If as can as bread well you fudges; good make

is detar pillow. satin resting the white old 'The on head

skill sew with eye for Can dust have and an is sleep; to the tired are for eyes closed long mindThe my

If a friend can you be grudges, hold and no I his fact shout, matter the loudly that mightborne no how girl all will because they love must; whom A I of tributesears listened will to the hear As no more—here.

I in cried praise him, thoselove and spoken by knew who

If sometime love another, meet you and a while those things of say didn't few wemy heart—-Why a faith with peace enshrined, And make home and

still the soul herehe hear? honesty, to the of was was He

its soul, a wife loving And you and mother self. say, Brother didn't usconqueror of of one some Why You'll pretty out nearly to work mind my the strive inspiration to for are for an youGuymon, me plan that's been developed the The ages, throughbetter life."things of

best lfe the that in win store, can And have; still their parents wards with them who have Those who

Sister, be, You'll a dear for ages, the model ifstill will rejoice will patriarchs their they day have some will the before. world woman A whom bow suggestion.follow Bloomfield's Mrs.

i i -f i -f i Shaughnessy, Alberta, ET me thank you for that very beneficial April Era,"writes

April 6, 1935. *- 'Elder Joy F. Dunyon, from Duluth, Minn. "We are

TN the April number of The Improvement Era, page 202, using it in tracting, in cottage meetings, in Sunday School ** the name of the painter of the tenth Apostle is "Shields."and Mutual classes, in illustrated lectures and even in district

Since I am interested in family history and this is our family conferences. It is one of the most used publications we have

name, I would like to obtain any information you have on in the Mission."

this subject. 1 1 1

this I will to also take opportunity thank you for this A Toast it consplendid things the magazine which and many good tains. TTERE'S to the maidens who struggle and work

Thanking you in advance for any help you may give me, * That they may gain wisdom and then,

I remain, Who watch the dumb cuties that snuggle and smirk,

Yours Truly, Walk off with the best of the men. Morris Shields.—L. Paul Roberts.

Can any of our readers assist Mr. Shields in his quest for i 1 i

relatives? i i i The July Cover f AST Fall when I was visiting in Winnemucca, in a special "PHE cover of this issue of the magazine was drawn by *-'Era meeting, President Schonfeldt promised to get seven *- Fielding K. Smith, our regular artist. It shows the vansubscriptions which was Winnemucca's quota. The last guard of the Pioneers gazing down into the mystical valley

report from them shows fifteen subscribers and I am quite just at sunset. The scout on horseback is touched by the

sure they have more since that report. In talking with Presbeauty of the scene and his cherished dreams leap up into new

ident Shonfeldt I asked him how they did it. These were his strength and color the clouds which otherwise might be

words, "Brother Shuman called for me one evening and we threatening. Perhaps he is your grandfather or father; cercommenced calling on the Saints. Before we realized it we had tainly he is the father of the dreams then to be fulfilled. It

more than our quota and had convinced ourselves that the would be wholesome for you to stand where he did and

Era was such a splendid magazine that we wanted every Latcrystalize your own dreams which are to be your prophets.

niii

SAFETY AHEAD—

IN PIONEER DAYS IT WAS THE SCOUT WHO ASSUMED

THE RESPONSIBILITY OF LOOKING AHEAD AND PROVIDING

SAFETY FOR HIS FELLOWMEN.

TODAY LIFE INSURANCE IS THE ADVANCE PROTECTOR

AND EACH FAMILY MUST PROVIDE FOR ITS OWN.

IF IT'S A BENEFICIAL POLICY IT'S THE BEST INSURANCE

YOU CAN BUY

DIRECTORS

HEBER J. GRANT

J. REUBEN CLARK. JR.

DAVID O. McKAY

JOS. F. SMITH GEO. J. CANNON pnnottoffi

E. T. RALPHS A. B.C.OHLSON wmmm

W. ADAMS OR.VAL

L.CHIPMAN HEBER J. GRANT. President Home Office Salt Lake City STEPHEN

HEUBIM ItS