IMPROVEMENT

JULY 1951

PRESIDENT STEPHEN L RICHARDS

.

ALLTH/TC& MEW//., and silence too!

THE6REOTNEW

Like magic.. -> Z%-

bigger insideilHfrMJmnrmS o; 05 d; i= ft= i rt\ o; s

smaller outside/ SBe

Look at the big Freezer Compartment in the only refrigerator with no motor to wear or grow noisy! Plenty of room

for meats, fruits, vegetables—even

ice cream by the gallon! Ice cubes

pop out easily from new QuickRelease

Trays—no juggling.

QuickChange Shelves make it easy to store bulky foods, extra tall bottles.

There's even a cluttersaving "Odds and Ends"Basket! And the new, marvelous, motorless Servel is bigger

inside, smaller outside... gives you m\

more useful space in less kitchen floor area.

See the world's finest refrigerator at your Gas Appliance dealer's*

YOOH-L CHOOSE TYPE 5 '** BTH CONVP**'

&$&&"*'Ke

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY

JUST RIGHT

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. for

Chemically the hemoglobin of animal blood is related to the chlorophyll which is the circulatory pigment of plants and algae. Hemoglobin is

characterized by one atom of iron in its molecule, but the simpler moleculeof chlorophyll is built around an atom Bites Two of magnesium. There are some arthropods and mollusks, such as snails,

which have in their blood a pigment of a complicated molecule which has an atom of copper instead of iron or magnesium.

*the similarity between identical * twins, whether raised together or not, often extends to unusual details such as the same distribution of decay in teeth.

Evidence now indicates that the Mississippi River has not measurably built up its bed, banks or alluvial plain, in the last 1,500 to 2,000 years. The

four hundred million tons of silt and gravel that are transported downstream has been compensated for by the earth's crust sinking under the weight of the accumulated sediment load along the Gulf instead of building out its delta. The Euphrates and Tigris advance their joint delta into the Persian

Gulf 160 feet a year. Since 1765

natural cutoffs have shortened the river 249 miles, but lengthenings of the river have amounted to five hundred miles between Cairo and Baton Rouge.

Since 1932 artificial cutoffs have shortened the river by 170 miles and lowered the flood stage levels from three feet at Natchez to fifteen feet at Arkansas City.

rp he use of titanium, because of its * lightness combined with strength and resistance to corrosion, can save a ton in the construction of heavy planes such as the B-36.

Toareducelarge scaleberibericampaignin the Philippines,with enfora TasteSurprise* riched rice saved 220 lives in twenFavon'h ty months and gave immeasurably ToodStor to health people 3500 in animproved PURITY TOIWI House Crackers peninexperimental area Bataan on sula. Beriberi is exceeded only by

tuberculosis as a cause of death in the PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Pocatello Phoenix

Philippines:.

JULY 1951 481 AN INVALUABLE, NEW BOOK FOR MISSIONARIES AND "THE MAN FOR THE HOUR"

GOSPEL STUDENTS

Chortly after the American ThanksBy DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

giving, 1921, the president of the Head of Political Science Department, GOSPEL European Mission, Elder Orson F. University of Utah

Whitney of the Council of the Twelve, sat down in his office at 295 Edge

Lane, Liverpool, England, and wroteMESSAGES his weekly editorial for The Latterday Saints'Millennial Star. On Thursthemselves, in the search for the orday, December 8, 1921, it appeared ganizing principle. George Santayana,

on pages 776778 of volume eightyone-time Harvard philosophy profesthree under the title, "The Man for sor, writing in his eightyeighth year the Hour,"reviewing the personalities from the shelter of a Roman convent, and accomplishments of the Presidents says that perhaps chaos "is at the of the Church from Joseph Smith to bottom of everything"as the organizHeber J. Grant. The editorial, from ing principle; and that the Soviets

the hands of one of our most gifted may be the preferable organizers of writers, concluded: the future. Such views merely demonstrate the futility of much modern

Every thoughtful reader of this article, thinking as educated pessimism. It is

if a Latterday Saint, will agree with its faith, courage, and informed inspiraauthor in the view that each succeeding tion that the modern scene requires.

President of the Church ought to vary in some respects from all *****

Compiled by other incumbents of that As the man for the high position. holy and President in 1951, hour FLORENCE

this reason: PIERCE For work The builds the on McKay

Author of of the prois always Lord his reared platforms by

THE PLATES and GOLDEN gressing, consequently predecessors. To the STORY its THE OF always changing—notand a structure now comes $3 OF BOOK MORMON principles, nor its aims;

faith, not only with man its instruplans, but its Repentance, Articles Faith, of Resurreccourage, tremenand of its methods and Atonemnet, Tithing, for the ments, work alinspiration, but dous are procedure. conThese other and subjects many dead—thesetion,

each an important principle of the Gosstantly changing, in order so the first of the line to pel, is thoroughly explained in this one to meet new conditions and profit by them. have circumnavigated the globe. To

If compact volume. questions is essential. about leaders variety of a Hence the of outlook the worldview and

the Book of the Bible, Mormon, Pearl is will Yesterday, not nor Today Tois Smith added Prophet Joseph now of Price Great Doctrine and Coveand Today. provides be Lord The morrow the of experience has him- a man who nants have troubling been you, the the the he can whereby means and men here. its answers are self the of seen world and much

at for time, best the given work, any

China, peoples: Korea, Hawaii, Japan, his purcarrying sublime wise out of and THE EARLY CIVILIZATIONS

Tahiti, Tonga, Zealand, Samoa, New for will poses. the be Hour The Man DESCRIBED IN THE the Australia, Singapore, and Java, strikes. the ready whenever Hour OF BOOK MORMON Straits Settlements, Penang, Rangoon,

Twentyfour hours after these Calcutta, Delhi, Agra, Bombay, the words appeared in print, Elder WhitMiddle East including Syria and theANCIENT AMERICA ney had the pleasure of welcoming to Holy Land; the Mediterranean, and

AND THE his Durham House office in Liverpool Europe. It was at the call of Presiwith his companion en President O. David McKay McKay, 1951—Elder

this worldundertook with Elder CannonBOOK of MORMON therouteman for whom the hour struck in dent Heber J. Grant, in 1920, that Hugh to his home J. CanDr. Milton R. Hunter non, after a significant worldwide wide mission. A few months after

Thomas S. Ferguson mission tour. its completion he was called to replace

the of president One as few books written of Orson F. Whitney President ninth the the Elder As

this on subject exceptionand for of the Mission, European where President O. David ally McKay interesting to those studying the geography and a of intimately years in number he came age. the unusual an arche- $ takesChurch, helm The ology of the of Book Mormon.

lands, peoples, to the and state know collapsed of Years system has traveling modern and exhaustive research have gone into 4. under the pressure of industrial problems of that strategic area. its colorful writing.

technology and twentieth century

Get "These Amazing Mormons"$1.00 wars. The interdependence of manand the In composition quoof the new of fact. as matter a daily emerges Different""Mormons Are $1.50 kind

it is of the also First Presidency rum principle for organizing an The search by Joseph H. Weston

for human society and individual conof interest to note that President

At your Book Dealer or duct is the most urgent of all necesStephen L Richards within recent order direct from... sities, and there are many candidacies years has undertaken special missions

and psuedocandidacies for the trial. to South America and to Europe.

distinguished experience, President internations, munity, individual and B00KCRAFT The individual, the family, the comCompleting the Quorum, of long and to Jr., as counselor J. Reuben Clark, twist organizations and each 11 86 South Main national

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH turn, often falling backwards upon (Concluded on page 523) 482 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

IE instead of makes sense to me says Mrs. John Austin of Green Ridge, Pa. jilPS

Hi |HS.1 It* VlD He*.: '-fcw. --.Mvwf, 8

Guaranteed Housekeeping Good by 1> X L*-<* **?

"I once thought I needed a special detergent for clothes; another for dishes; a third for enamel and

> paint. Then I found FELSO. Now 'one instead of

|T, j three'saves shopping time and storage space.

"Best of all,"she says, "my wash is white as snow,

I my colors bright and gay. China and glass sparkle

without wiping. Refrigerator, stove and woodwork

fairly glisten. FELSO alone does all my washing.

"Of course you may quote me. I'm glad to say how

satisfied I am with white, freepouring FELSO. It's

so pleasantly fragrant, and it leaves my hands soft and smooth. 'One instead of three'makes sense to

me—when that one is allpurpose FELSO."

Reliable Fels and Co. perfected FELSO. It isn't a

soap, but a new, different, allpurpose detergent.

;WSf8ll*:S

\ make FELSO your "sudmadt "today

JULY 1951 483 \Jfficial Lsrcfan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, ASSOCIAIMPROVEMENT IMPROVEMENT MUTUAL EDUCAOF TIONS, DEPARTMENT

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jhe Lhurch or

sfeduA Lkridt

of cJLatteraau faints (V rw VOLUME 54 NUMBER 7 JJp f95f

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - JOHN A. WIDTSOE - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing Editor: MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

ZOBELL, JR. - "Today's Family"Editor: BURL SHEPHERD

Contributing Editors: ARCHIBALD F. BENNETT - G. HOMER DURHAM

FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. - HUGH NIBLEY - LEE A. PALMER

- B. B. SPERRY SIDNEY PETERSEN CLAUDE

- General Manager: BERTHA S. REEDER THE COVER Associate Manager: ELBERT R. CURTIS

Business Manager: JOHN D. GILES - Advertising Director: VERL F. SCOTT

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR Our cover this month features President Stephen L Richards, first counselor

in the First Presidency. The original

photograph is the work of Boyart Studio.

It is the third of five portraits to be used

The Editor's Page as covers. Yet to be published are fourcolor portraits of President J. Reuben

Witnesses to the Truth David O, McKay 493 Clark, Jr., and of President Joseph Fielding Smith.

Church Features

Evidences and Reconciliations: CLVI—What Does Evolution

Teach Today? - John A. Widtsoe 495

Six Appointed Boards-.485 NoLiquor-Tobacco to General 525 Column OFFICES BUSINESS EDITORIAL AND

Bishopric's Presiding 488 The Page 526 Church Moves On Street Main 50 North Priesthood 524 Melchizedek

Main St. Offices, 50 North Y.M.M.I.A.

Y.W.M.l.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

Special Features Salt Lake City 1, Utah

Improvement Men's Mutual of the Young of Jesus of the Church An Appreciation of Stephen L Richards Gordon B. Hinckley 496 tionAssociationCopyright 1951 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporareserved. Subrights All Saints. the Declaration Penned Latterday Who Christ of

foreign in year, advance; $2.50 a price, scription Through the Eyes in of Youth—"Thoseof Independence?Were the....JuliaTwoW.HappiestWolfe 500 advance; 25c year, a $3.00 subscriptions,

Years. Xorna Jolley 501 single copy.

"MoreReligious-Reading"Campaign Sets New Records in Stakes asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

and Missions John D. Giles 502 at special rate of postage provided for in section

Elder Ezra Taft Benson Receives High Scouting Award 1103,1918. Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

Forace Green 506 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unwelcomes contributions. but manuscripts, solicited Line Brigham Young and the Transcontinental Telegraph

by sufficient be accompanied must manuscripts - L. J* Arrington 510 All return. delivery for and postage

The Spoken Word From Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 520, 528,... 541 Change of Address

Fifteen days'notice required for change of adinclude please change, a ordering dress. When Burl Family the Today's Universe, Franklin Shepherd Exploring

slip the magazine. from a recent address 481 Inexpensive Hobbies, S. Harris, Lydia Jr old the be cannot issuemadeof unless Lion Address changes These Times—"The Man of the Roberts 532 address as well as the new one is included.

Hour,"G. Homer Durham 482 Homemaker's Bookrack.....533

Lessons in Eating—Summer in Life of President the Highlights 534 National Advertising Representatives Menus 490 Richards Stephen L Technique The Sauce..537 of White

On the Bookrack 512 Your Page and Ours 544 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California HENRY G. ESCHEN,

ies, Poetry EDWARD 1324S. TOWNSENDWilshire Blvd.COMPANY

Los Angeles 17, California Heart of the House Jean Anderson 508 HARRY V. LYTLE

332 South Michigan Ave.

Your Need of Me, Bertha A. KleinPoetry Page 492 Chicago 4, Illinois

man - -490 Flashing Wings, Manfred A. CarSADLER AND SANGSTON ASSOCIATES

342 Madison Ave. ter Frontispiece, 494 Young Explorer, Eva

York 17, N. Y. 491 Artisan, 528 New Beulah Huish Sadleir Willes Wangsgaard

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

484 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA SIX APPOINTED TO GENERAL BOARDS

new members have been apSixpointed to the general boards of the Mutual Improvement Associations.

"pLDER Ted Bushman, who becomes a member of the special interest committee, was born in Lehi,

Utah, the son of Martin I. and

Ruia Holden Bushman. He majored

in art and advertising at Brigham

Young University and attended art schools in both Los Angeles and

San Francisco. He has recently

returned to Salt Lake City after spending fourteen years in Portland, Oregon. While in Portland,

Elder Bushman served in the Irvington Ward bishopric, was presiCutlery Sets dent - of the Portland Stake high priests* quorum, and for six years was a member of the stake high For Cooking Ease Indoors council, serving on the stake MelPriesthood Aaronicchizedek and to Salt Or At Your Favorite Bar fl Q returning Sincecommittees.

Lake City he has been active in the leadership of Aaronic Priesthood quorums in the Bonneville Ward,

Bonneville Stake. He and his wife, Cook delicious, tempting

the former Dorothy Lyman, are the meals indoors or out with parents of two sons and a daughter. these stainless metal,

lightweight, wooden (heatless) handled cutlery sets by Ekco.

7 Piece Set

Has fork, spoon, knife, turner, serrated spatula, ladle and mountable bar with hooks to hang TED BUSHMAN L. CLAIR LIKES utensils. 17.95

"p LDER L. Clair Likes, who has been

assigned to the drama com- 3 Piece Set mittee, is the son of Dora Ellis and Knife, fork and turner. 7.95

Agnes Cunningham Likes, and was born at Teton, Idaho. He holds a

master of arts degree in drama from the University of Utah, also having studied at Utah State Agricultural

College and Ricks College. His

dramatic productions include Caviar and Cabbage and The Days of '47, the latter of which was produced at Ztffl the University of Utah stadium. ZC/MI HOUSEWARES—Downstairs Store Mail Orders Promptly Filled As a member of the Nauvooto-

SaltLake-Valley centennial memo- (Continued on following page) JULY 1951 485 SIX APPOINTED TO GENERAL BOARDS,< eflSV (Continued from preceding page) L. D. S. colonies. When a small

rial trek of the Sons of Utah Piochild, she came to Utah with her neers in 1947, he was coauthor and parents, Junius and Gertrude Stowco-director of the dramatic sketches ell Romney. She attended the Salt

given along the route. From his Lake City schools, the L. D. S. Uniin ward versity, the University of Utah. and

has 'Is** that youthand stakehe hasdramabeenfestivals.active He in actively engaged been She has

PROFESSIONAL LOOK served as a member of the bishopric M. I. A. work for the past several

of both the and Wasatch in ( Salt the Bonneville the years Lake with the City, Mountaire wards in Salt Lake teaching Stake, City) most recently and has filled a twoyear stake misthe Junior Gleaners in the Bonnesion. His wife is the former Eula ville Ward. Mrs. Jackson was a

have had three member of the Bonneville Stake ANKER Waldram. They

children, two daughters and a son, L. D. S. Girls committee before it ZIGZAG

Jerry Clair, who recently was killed. was incorporated into the Y. W.

I. A. program a year ago. She pLDER Armond F. Carr, who has M.

is also a former counselor in the been called to the dance commit-

I. A. presidency in the tee, was born in Salt Lake City, the Y. W. M. Yale Ward. Mrs. Jackson has been son of Franklin Gallard and Rebecespecially active in the University ca Hansen Carr. He filled a mission

of Association. Utah Alumni Her for the in Australia, organChurch

a husband is Junius M. Jackson, izing the at I. A. festival first M.

counselor in the Bonneville Stake NO ATTACHMENTS Brisbane. During the centennial

Incredibly versatile, yet year of the Church he wrote and presidency. They are the parents

it's the smoothest, easiest directed the pageant which was of a daughter and three sons.

sewing machine you ever presented for the first Australian pLDER Richard L. Gunn, who has

of elders conclave Saints at and the assigned to been M Mensaw. Just touch the builtVictoria. Melbourne, Returning is Gleaner committee, of B. the son

in STITCH-O-METER and from his mission, he became a memLeRoy and Fanny Louise Ensign do: ber of the stake board, and then Gunn. He is a professional artist

ZIGBUTTON- assistant superintendent. He has and a member of the art faculty of

ZAGGING HOLES filled Mutual and Sunday School Brigham Young University, where in the assignments Park, Highland did he both his undergraduate and BUTTONMONO- Stratford, Imperial wards, and and graduate filled a work. mission He SEWING

in level a stake the GRAMING on Highland to the Islands. Hawaiian has He

BLINDHEM- Stake. at the He has studied in active old been Mutual, Sunday STITCHING STITCHING L.D.S. University the Uniand at School, genealogical and matters

APPLIQUE EMBROIDERY versity of Utah. At this call to the in the wards in which he has resided

and Wonderful Straight general board he was speech diin Salt Lake City, Springville, and

Sewing... rector of the Wilford Stake. His Provo. At the time of this call to

wife is the former Kimball, Grace the general he board was a member Guaranteed a Lifetime and the couple are the parents the of of Sharon Stake School Sunday two daughters. board. During the war he enlisted r*t. in the Engineer Corps of the Army,

Full Selectioi i and was attached to the first B-29 of Fine Cabine ts unit in Asia. This unit became the

and Desks nucleus of the twentieth bomber command for the headquarters of the air offensive to China and

LIBERAL TRADEIN (Continued on page 523)

For the Name and Address of your local dealer, phone or write...

F. CARR MARGARET R. JACKSON WILLIAMS ARMOND

Sewing Machine Co. |\Ars. Margaret R. Jackson, who

50 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah is assigned to the Mia Maid

Phone 5-8651 committee, was born in Colonia

Special discount to Juarez, Mexico, where her father Church Organizations [ had been called to preside over the RICHARD L. GUNN WENDELL E. ADAMS

486 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'How to Be Sure of Getting Only Good Books to Read AND SAVE UP TO 50% ON THE BOOKS YOU BUY!

THEfoundedFamilyto selectReadingand Clubdistributewas books which are worthwhile, interesting and entertaining without being objecare in These good tionable any way ThorndikeBarnhart CREATIVE HOME your of every! member books which DECORATING DESK DICTIONARY with family read can pleasure—books The By Rockows

really with comprehensive discussed and to be remembered A in wonders your Work in enyour retained book. 80,000 home Contains delight, and this with huge home manpride. below, illustrations, tries, Read, library how with 700 mm! illusual Contains 500 books written, these brings wonderful pages. the Club 900 Newly 41 trations; fullcolor

that prices enable you bargain at to printed, upto-date newly you "demonstration rooms"the you to books on save to synaccurate. Includes up and 50% complete stepby-step the join to the coupon mail etc. Rebuy. Then onyms, antonyms, for methods. volume A the of three get any can while you Club in cently featured Life all real lovers. Pubhome

for this $1.89 only page on shown books edPublisher's Magazine.! lisher's edition, $4.95.

ition, $2.75. Mi;

nw THE STORIES OF OPERAS GREAT STORY THE GREATEST

Cross Milton By EVER TOLD By Fulton Oursler Contains every aria, all the action, the complete tellfaithful reverent, A stories of of 72 the world's story of sublime of the ing operas. bestloved 627 and bringing Him Jesus,

fascinating, factfilled lives were whose those offer pages years of many excitHis with entwined study. richlyrewarding book you. to close ingly A

Sturdily Publishbound. cherish. will family your

er's edition, $3.75. edition, $2.95. Publisher's msSmM

TIME FOR TAPIOCA OF A SON Stryker Charlotte By KINGS HUNDRED true funny very The and Costain B. Thomas By his of experiences a man, author now famous This five wife, chiltheir and story Canada a of weaves in atthe strange dren century the of turn the

faroff of mosphere Java, boy, old a sixyear of—at raised Stryker where Dad or relatives left without

for tapioca his Pennsylbe- he friends, and how factory. Illustrated vania important the most comes

by Teppich. PubJohn Publishin town. person

lisher's edition, $3.00. edition, er's $3.00.

HERE IS WHY WE MAKE OFFER THIS UNUSUAL Funk & Wagnalls ALL ABOUT this unusual Reading Club Family makes

BIBLE HOUSE in the STANDARD PLANTS Theoffer membership to demonstrate how best enjoyable Free brings the most and you Club Montague By DICTIONARY publishers'the at than books much new your can make you Now indispensable aid to a inAn are retail publishers editions! lessmonth Each living an indoor room full of understanding will the believe meet to they books vited submit

! is a guide garden Here standards. Scriptures. the Board Club Our Family Reading Contains comit tells to that what you selects can Editors the of then recombook prehensive authoritaand

enthusiastically it. to to members. most grow mend and how grow tive information about

ilfull-color 27 Contains persons, places things You Means To and Membership What lustrations, scores of in the charge membership no There in Bible. the mentioned

of the the cost beyondfor Readingis Club Family drawings. photos and big pages. Publisher's 965

$1.89 only themselves. books each pay You edition, Publisher's $3.50. edition, $4.95. for the books handling) (plus postage you and

purchase after reading the book review magazine which will come to your home each month

It is not necessary to purchase a book every

NOW! COUPON MAIL as as four accept few each month—you may TIME EDGE THE OF selections All your retain to membership. 7-ER, year Dept. MINEOLA, CLUB, N.Y. READING FAMILY Grace Loula Erdman By wellprinted complete, wellnew, are and as checked below three the books my Please send me will delivered to books your be bound. And selection, first story gentle Club full Gift and and Books Membership two A read! the to door your by postman—ready all three. for delivery) (plus bill only $1.89 "secand a me was of who woman

of Stories Complete ThorndikeBarnhart a of Books bride Free "Bonus"ondchoice"Q

Operas the Great distributes a Club Dictionary Family Reading Desk "BonThe farmer young handsome for selections four free each Club you Book us"a marfor faced she Tapioca Story Time Greatest and The how will the high books take. Club These meet could she in riage which Told Ever Wagnalls Funk & interest, excellence, of superior standards O By completely not Dictionary Bible of Kings Hundred a Son subject writing and wholesome matter—and Years of author the "Thebelieve. fine this library build a can you home up way of Time The Plants Edge All House About Q[j PubLocust."the of extra expense. of purchase books The no

of Family Book Creative Home for edition, only the of $1.89 Club $3.00. atfrom each—instead lisher's

Favorite Hymns Decorating retail of prices publishers'regular the $2.50

of Reading the Family as enroll a member of Also me to $4.00—saves to your you book 25% 35%

the of review a month, me, each send and of Club the the value Bonus when And of privilege I selection. the have is forthcoming in, Club's figured actually as dollars.Books save you much

accept I to wish not do in advance notifying you as 50%!

special the offered—at alternate or ifbook selection, any THE FAMILY Join Send BOOK—Money No OF Now (plus postage and of each only price members'If will in believe club apFAVORITE which a you book HYMNS fees, or dues are membership no$1.89 There handling). finest instincts of peal the to of every member Arthur Austin By selections or four as I accept few and may let family, your us the you FamareHere the words and a As twelve months. memalter- the comingas during nates while get can Club youto Reading NOW,introduce tomusic than more 100 four with each free receive a will I Book Bonus ber, choice of of ilyyour wonderful the ANY THREEof the I accept. hymns alternates Americans or selections Club described—as here your books two FREElove most. Includes short first Mr. Gift, as one your and Membership Club

commentaries histoMrs total as as and value selection—a high $14.85—for

Print Please ries MiSS of $1.89! each. just couthe only mail money, no Send Beautiful

today. However,color illustrations

time, by ponbe withdrawn thisweunusualurge youofferto mailmay AddressGeorge Louden, Jr. Pubthe coupon NOW!at any aslisher's edition, $4.95.

if21 SameOffer pricegood inonlyCanada:in the 105U. BondS. A.St.,andTorontoCanada.2. FAMILY READING CLUB CityAge,Under Zone State MINEOLA, NEW YORK L

JULY 1951 487 THE CHURCH MOVES ON

explained of the advantages E. Brigham Richard and L. Gunn Wendell May 1951

training. University B. to the general appointed Young board Y. U. Adams

representatives will address stake of the conYoung Men's Mutual ImproveClair L. Bushman, Likes, 2 Ted ference sessions throughout Association. the summent F. and Armond Carr appointed

to the Young Men's Mutual Improvemer. Margaret R. Jackson appointed to

ment Association general board. the general board of the Young

5 Aaronic Priesthood restoraWomen's Mutual Improvement Asso- f\ Utah spent a greater proportion ramenttionmeetingsprogramsin manywereofheldthe inwards.sacciation.

its of state funds for education fifty in Mother's than hundred was featured two Day many 7 Morethan state other any in the Union, of of the the Salt Schools the Sunday from dancers Church. Lake area

figures released by the United States Elder Wendell S. Lambert suswho will participate in the M. I. A.

Bureau of the Census indicated. Utah tained as president of the Nevada Festival on June 16 gave a demonstraschool and college costs took 35.6 Stake, with Elders Clair M. Gudmundtion to the delegates of the National

percent of the total budget. The nason and R. Scott Haynes as counFestival of Music.

tional average 21.3 was percent. Disselors. succeed President They Fred

trict school expenditures from local C, his Horlacher counselors, and volannual AllChurch Second [ $funds were not included in that figure. Elders C. Galbraith Layton and Willeyball Salt tournament began in

liam J. Hemingway. Lake City under the direction of the

g Elder John Fredrick Hobson President Antoine R. Ivins of the Y. M. M. I. A.

sustained as president of Summit First Conucil of the Seventy dediIt was announced that President (Utah) Stake, with Elders cated the chapel of the Roy A. Rangely, ColoDavid the give would O. McKay

Richins and Amos Eugene as rado, Branch, Pace Stake. Uintah baccalaureate at address Brigham

counselors. Released were President Elder Marion G. Romney, Assistant Young University June 3 and receive

Joseph Edgar Beard and his counto the Council of the Twelve, dedian honorary doctor of humanities deselors, Elders W. E. Calderwood and cated the chapel of the Piano Ward, gree from that Church university on

Leonard Brown. North Rexburg (Idaho) Stake. graduation day, June 4.

Eager Ward chapel, St. Johns ( Arizona) Stake, dedicated by Elder DelIt was announced I \ Philafrom I. thousandvoice A. M. [9 Abert L. Stapley of the Council of the delphia that President David O. youth chorus sang for the NaTwelve. accepted an invitation had McKay to tional Festival in Salt the of Music

deliver the commencement address at Lake Tabernacle.

(J It was announced that three the sixtyseventh annual commenceRedondo Beach (southern Calithousand copies of President ment at Temple University, June 14. fornia) Ward won the volleyball

Stephen L Richards'recent Church of President McKay will be one of five tournament by defeating Hoytsville the Air address "Kinship of Spirits"prominent Americans to receive hon- (Utah) Ward. Pocatello Fifth

were being sent to camps and navy orary doctorates at the services. (Idaho) Ward, was awarded third

bases for distribution to servicemen. place; Capitol Hill (Salt Lake City)

President Fred W. SchwendiWard, fourth place; Waterloo (Salt

2 The First Presidency announced man of the Wells (Salt Lake Lake City Ward, fifth (consolation);

that Elder Arthur Glaus, now a City) Stake became chairman of the Forest Dale (Salt Lake City) Ward, missionary in the East German MisPioneer Region of the Church welfare sixth.

sion, had been appointed to succeed program. He succeeds Carl W. BuehIt was announced that President

President Walter Stover who has ner, now a member of the general David O. McKay would deliver the

presided in the East German Mission committee. President Alex F. Dunn commencement day address at the

since 1946. President Glaus is a of the Tooele (Utah) Stake is first University of Utah, June 9.

former bishop of the Twentyfifth vicechairman, and President A. Lewis

Ward, of the Pioneer Liberty (Salt (Salt Lake City) Elggren Lake Fresno created Stake from 2 (JStake. His wife will City) Stake join vicechairman. is second him. portions of Calithe Northern

Presiding Bishop LeGrand Richards fornia Mission, with Elder Alwyn C.

participated in groundbreaking cereSessions sustained Appointment as stake president, of LaVern Watts monies of a new $3,500,000.00 Mis- [ {J Parmley as general president Elders of and Eldon Callister and J.

souri River bridge, to be named "The the Primary Association announced. Ralph A. Macdonald as counselors.

Mormon Pioneer Memorial Bridge,"She succeeds the late Adele Cannon Chowchilla Ward formed from Chowwhich will connect Council Bluffs, Howells, whom she served as first chilla Branch, with Elder Paul J.

Iowa, and Omaha, Nebraska, in the counselor. President Parmley's counChristofferson as bishop; Fresno First

same section where the Pioneers winselors are Arta Matthews Hale and Ward from East Fresno Branch, with tered in 184647. Florence Holbrook Richards. Elder Floyd H. Gibson as bishop;

On this and the succeeding day The Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir Fresno Second Ward from North faculty members of Brigham Young received an award from the National Fresno Branch, with Elder Dallas A.

University joined General Authorities Federation of Music Clubs for naTueller as bishop; Merced Ward from

and members of the Church welfare tional musical service. The federaMerced Branch, with Elder Arden

committee in addressing stake confertion was holding its convention in Hutchings as bishop; Visalia Ward

ence sessions. The faculty members Salt Lake City. (Concluded on page 540)

488 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA?I9V"

i'tar "I got the story on n 50.000 MilesNoWear

and changed to New Conoco Super Motor Oil"-—VKX SK&

"50.000Mf/esMo Wear/'Provedf/ere:

After a 50,000mile road test in the blistering heat along the Mexican Border, with proper crankcase drains and regular care, engines lubricated with new Conoco Super

Motor Oil showed no wear ofany consequence... in fact, an average of less than one onethousandth inch on cylinders and crankshafts. Factory finishing marks were still

visible on piston rings.

AND gasoline mileage for the last 5,000 actually miles for as as was good 99.77%

all weather, in kinds "Operating some on of first the 5,000! This test proved that new

starting roads, frequent with poor mighty Super, Conoco with OilPlating, can make all its gives andstopping, sure oil a test an last longer, car better, less your perform use

F. School says Gadke, Paul own,"OpBus oil. gasoline and

erator, Super Iowa. Stanwood, "Conoco

Motor Oil is my oil! Conoco Super does the

job for me in every way."

"Time is the element in my business of buying and selling perishable produce,"writes

Hanley H. Payne, Twin Falls, Idaho. "In This it a

the 55,000 miles I have used Conoco Super, HEAVY DUTY

I've repairs, for spent engine no money and OIL gasoline fine!"mileage has sure been

,95. CONTINENTAL OIL COMPANY

JULY 1951 489 HOUSEHOLD HELPS Highlights in the life of

Problems in housekeepPresident Stephen L Richards ing are my meat and potatoes. And I get so

letters notes and many the invocation at a 29, at Mendon, Cache June 18, 1879—Born 1942—Offered can't asking I do June Why

States Senate. session of the United County, the Utah, son of Stephen or, this? doesn't Why Louise Longstroth Stayner a in 1943 and Peace, and Emma Church The War with up come someone

Faye Baldwin an answer for that? I Richards. book which grew out of a series ofVano Home Adviser hope these "Helps"are 189598—Attended University of Utah. radio sermons, came from the press.some help to you. Particularly I hope February 21, 1900—Married Irene Merrill. 1948—Special mission tour of the South

they smooth your houseworking path so 190102—Principal Malad (Idaho) public America missions.

you can find a little more time to enjoy school. 1950—Special mission tour of the Euroyourself. 190203—Attended University of Michigan pean missions. Law School. April 8, 1951—Sustained as first counselor

TIE THOSE June 1904—Graduated cum laude from in the First Presidency at a special

APRON STRINGS University of Chicago Law School. meeting in the Salt Lake Temple.

9, counselor as first to the bar of the state April 1951—SustainedDoes your washing 1904—Admittedof Utah. at the in the solemn First Presidency looking outcome Attorney. City (Utah) the Salt held in assembly, TaberLakelike lockpicker's a

of the Deseret as a nacle. member 190506—Murray1906—Callednightmare? minutes save can You many

general counselor as first board. April apart Union Sunday School if tie you'll strings 12, 1951—Setof untangling aprontogether before placing them in the 19081917—Instructor, University of Utah, in the First Presidency by President

machine. School of Law. David O. McKay.

April 4, 1 909—Sustained as second asApril 1951—First vicepresident, board of

BUTTONHOLES LOST THEIR SNAP? sistant general superintendent, Deseret trustees, Brigham Young University.

School Union. Sunday stretchkeep buttonholes canYou from

State Utah Bar Association. President Stephen L Richards is affiliated before bastinging you Secretary them together by

wash. This goes especially for woolens. Vice President for Utah of American Bar with the following businesses:

Next time you wash a sweater, use two Association tablespoons of Vano Powdered Bleach. Member, Utah State Board of Corrections. President and owner, Wasatch Land &

Then add soap. Vano is safe. If you can January 17, 1917—Ordained an Apostle. Improvement Co. which operates the

Park Memorial Wasatch Lawn it, bleach itwash you can 27, asas first with safe, November 1918—Sustained director, of execuVice-president, memberodorless Bleach.... Powdered Vano sistant superintendent, general Deseret

Sunday School Union. tive committee Utah First National

Bank PETITE IVY NEW Assistant as Church May 9, 1919—Called director, of Vicepresident, execumember STYLE TREND of Education. Commissioner I. tive Z. C. committee, M. Decorators and Home16, generalmember, director, of execuVice-president, member 1919—Appointed fallen in July have makers of education. board Church tive Furniture committee, Granite Co. versatile of thelove with a new member

Vicepresident and director, Beneficial LifeIvy family—the petite, smallleaf type. 192223—President, Beet Sugar Finance

Plants usually sell for about 35c but Corporation (utilized by War Finance Insurance Co.

here's bargain news! You can get not one Corporation to disburse funds to save Vicepresident and director, Zion's Securibut three plants for only 25c and any beet sugar industry in several western ties Corp.

Vano boxtop or label. Send to Vano Ivy, states). Director, member of executive committee,

Dept. A, Zion's Savings Co. Bank & Trust Angeles Los as first 31, as54. Plants are October 1934—Released live, Director, to plant.shipped executive of ready committee, member sistant superintendent, general Deseret

Sunday School Union. Hotel Utah Co.,

Director, of committee, executive member SHIRTS HUBBY'S to general board of Deseret 1934—Adviser Light Co. and Utah Power STYLE! LAUNDRY School Union. Sunday

Director, Co. UtahIdaho Sugar

colwashing,Before rub Civil State Chairman, 1934—Utah Works Director, Grant Heber & Co.lars cuffs a with and Administration. Director, Fire Insurance Utah Co. HomeJ. ofthick lather soapflakes. Wash thoroughly, adding two ta1939-41—Member, Board of Regents—UniDirector, Utah Oil Refining Co.

blespoons Vano Powdered Bleach to regversity of Utah. Director, Whitmore Oxygen Co.

ular wash water. Rinse in clear water of

same temperature, then in clear, cool water. Do not put folded collars through

a wringer. When shirts dry, starch collars

and cuffs with Vano Liquid Starch use full strength for stiffstarching. YOUR NEED OF ME I may not cruise again this restless sea;

And yet I may, for should you beckon me

By Bertha A. Kleinman Like some wayfaring pilgrim of the night,

IF YOU'RE NOT I shall be there to set your sail aright,

USING T)erchance* way, I may not pass again this ThatYou yetas theshallduskwalkshutsby downfaith itsbecausemystery,of

And yet I may, for who of us can say me.

trails Where the low, and may cross—the high road I may not tread again this mundane sphere, vano I for here, yet be heaven may, go? I must And may YOU'RE

I this as decades days and wide open And know WORKING OrJust whatthis I retracingknow—thebywayscrossroads

TOO HARD I And there your need bestirs me to abide, wane,

To share the bounty I had thought my And earth her longlost Eden shall regain, own, Her gardens shall my lasting refuge be

And so I wend no more my way alone. Only as you shall still have need of me.

490 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'Photograph by Jeano Orlando

rouna u Lxpiorer By EVA WILLES WANGSGAARD

JsJay, did you ever lose a boy and search To search a shed or some remembered nook?

All through a quiet town from door to Or check a thought of sleep in mow or stack?

door Then hear a shout releasing fear's taut bands?

His tree house empty in the silent birch, Your heartbeats stop, then give a sudden

His open book discarded on the floor? jump

And did you trudge along a bank where grass Before his freckled grin, his outstretched

Grew tough and sharp, and part a willow hands screen And pockets full of treasures from the dump?

While blackbirds screeched, forbidding you He is aglow with new experience.

to pass? He had no thought of disobedience.

And clutch a supple, leafy branch to lean He does not comprehend his own demand

Above the water, half afraid to look To know the world, to hold it in his hand.

And yet more frightened not to? Running Your fear bewilders him, and like his father

back He'll wonder all his life why women bother.

JULY 1951 491 -&&M&m&*- - COUNTRY CUSTOM, MEXICO

By Yetza Gillespie ** A blessing on the house, on all with- - in,"The stranger at the door calls clear

FOREIGN BORN SWING SONG The good warm words, and if no one is

By Leone E. McCune By Elaine V. Emans Theythere,are not lost. The angels hear.

["saw her coming down the street, A swing with no one in it must be lonely, angel, folk or answers,* nobody to short coat too faded ** guard Her a But child without a swing, day in, Maybe thing welldone, yet And cold. the against limbs eyesHer Her out, day

chilly the through a As if manit is steppeda still set holding shadowed, andDeep Misses pleasure a to granted one only

The images of suffering, Sitting or standing on a board the stout night

The desolation she had seen. Rope holds for him, and swinging into air Into the morning sun.

Her lips smiled briefly as we met. With joy which he cannot put into words,

She opened up an old cloth bag; But shouts instead! Without an earthly

Her trembling fingers lifted clothes care,

Discarded by another's child. He enters buoyantly the realm of birds, ACCOMPANIMENT

She touched her purse, "I've money, too, And grows more rash with power as he

For food. I work for lady nice pumps, By Catherine E. Berry

And good."Her joy had made her young Or begs someone to push him still more

Again. "I'm glad, so glad for you,"high—TUfv busy hands wash dishes, polish glass,

I said. And went my way along Before he slows a bit and bravely jumps, ** Arrange the plates to best show off

The peaceful street and thought of all Or, blessed with leisure, lets the old cat die, the flowers;

Our precious gifts accepted, oh, Matching his mood to his diminished speed. I scarcely notice how the time may pass;

So casually—this land so free. A child without a swing is poor indeed. These simple, homely chores fill all my

But God, let each one be aware hours;

Of his small part to keep it so! And yet my mind revolves and twists

—o <ft FACES IN GRANITE and turns;

(Mount Rushmore) A thousand subjects leap to prominence;

THE ADOBE CITIES A poem, like a jeweled star, first burns

By Hattie B. Maughan While I am draping rug's upon the fence. By Margery S. Stewart

frustrate, before thee T stand

I that cannot back, these hold them is words the here under much, muchHPhere * fear with foreboding, and Puny -*- sing, soil, lost the sage, Pioneer under Blatant battle clang of

I beat heart while. upon They knead.. my lilies the outcast goneThe sego in ears. Loud my bread, their taking goldSunflowers spurned great ones, granite hewn! You lilting lyrics or Sweet, simple bring songs the of far the towns. edges ThereTo too, You, your and rumors of wars knew that notes whirl Triumphant around... my first cities. Is of the crumbling a wars. head. the iron brick breaking underAdobe is the But of brow Washington now I all iron dust and and wash sweep and the teeth. Granite golden fromShovel's calm; day, for too, aside cinder castHills broken, penetrating His gaze imperturbable. roundelay! a joyous by Accompanied is steel. concrete,Block, Tomorrow and Jefferson, the formulative braved who

cities, past digging herBuilding own years, wheels. bones Indian and the wagonThe of liberty Seeing the tides ebb and flow,

gulls the sea high, high aboveReaching stands immutable, Now the radio's antennae the andAnd face. GRATITUDE sensitive of ages teleThe on his wisdom

vision still in face And somewhat Lincoln—the is stretching here, a past ThereTowers. By Angelyn Wadley W. the rough

still. stroke, higher, higher plane'sThe flesh, his in the nature was As

is finger's the of I a edge running "VT'es,There despair. have known his granite from mold Now

the rim; almost the touching sky'sAlong took * She hand by the me craven fear our Gazes benignly on

Of planets, the lengthening Jacob's ladder. The sorrow of the slave chain lifted from And led me through desolate, haunted

There is much, much here under the his brow. hours

pioneer And, jutting out between his mighty Of the night.

Soil, diamond studded dust that will project predecessors, She might have kept me where

Us into a heaven greater than they The aggressive visage of Teddy Roosevelt She dwells in darkness;

dreamed. Even he content and seemingly serene. But you found me there

to are beginningThey, whose cities brought your fall I love and faith of your detached omniscience, And bow in awe dust. of adobe into edgesSmall chipped safely me To guide the imponderable. Pondering

What see you in the past you helped to Back to light.

TREES Or inbuildthe future yet to be.

By Thelma Iceland That leaves you undismayed;

or sunkissed Cloudwrapped seasons? HOMESTEAD Unchanging as theSOME folks grow trees for fruit or flower,

In this morass or or shelter, looks shade For of greed—this lusting By Queena Davison Miller world, trees themselves, I like that powermadBut grow

No purpose, helterskelter. Find you one statesman, worthy the name

For that kind make the best slingshots To take his post beside you HPhe mind may travel where it will;

And weiner sticks and things, Forgetting self to serve his fellow men? * The mind may roam and dally;

And always wear a welcome sign Is that the secret of your tranquility? The heart will know its own green hill

For tree houses and swings. God grant it so! And claim its own green valley.

492 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

;:ix>i?oJ?i9x>x>ov /

Witnesses "ffl TRUTH 5u president <=JJauid La ff/cy\a

also of men, he Jesus the but was divine of the Redeemer God, Son HOWfeelMAYa nearnesswe knowto God?him? YoungHow maypeoplewe teacherChrist, the

are earnestly asking these and other of the world, and a member of the God-

I speak when eternal questions, and they long for the head—and it is he of whom

answers. I plead for young men to come close to him.

In the world today belief in Jesus The early Apostles were to be witnesses

Christ is too perfunctory, too conventional. of the resurrected Christ in all Judea and in

The conviction of Christ as deity does not Samaria, and unto the uttermost parts of seem to possess the souls of men, and yet the earth. And let me here say that we ought

the reality of God the Father, the reality not to question the integrity of these men. I

of Jesus the Christ, the risen Lord, is a truth believe in them; I cannot believe that they

which should possess every human soul, for wanted to deceive; I cannot believe that they

God is the center of the human mind as were deceived—I cannot. In the measuresurely as the sun is the center of this uniment of time we are a long way from them,

verse, and once we feel his Fatherhood, once I know; but if we study carefully their lives

we feel his nearness, once we sense the and their histories, we shall find that their divinity, the deity of the Savior, the truths testimonies are reliable and that the integrity of the gospel of Jesus Christ follow as natuof their lives is unquestioned.

rally as the day the night, and as night the These men who were to be witnesses deday. clared before their enemies, the very men

who had put Jesus Christ to death on the There are three ways, among others, in cross, that they the risen Lord. had seen the like to ask should which peoyoung we

Peter's given testimony immediately Here is

Israel, to their particularly, ple of seek God and to feel his nearness. One is to think, after the resurrection: "Ye men of Israel, hear these words; Jesus to reason. Though reason to the soul may

be only "as the borrowed rays of moon and of Nazareth, a man approved of God among you by miracles and wonders and signs, stars to lonely, weary, wandering traveler—

yet it is a guide and will lead us to him. Too which God did by him in the midst of you,

few men use it positively with a desire to as ye yourselves also know:

know the truth. "Him, being delivered by the determinate

counsel and foreknowledge of God, ye have

Another pathway is to accept the witness taken and by wicked hands have crucified of men who have known him, who have seen and slain:

him. I think we pay too little attention to "Whom God hath raised up, having loosed

the value of these witnesses. The very first the pains of death: because it was not posact of the Twelve after Christ's ascension sible that he should be holden of it....

was to choose a man from among those who "This Jesus hath God raised up, whereof had been eyewitnesses of Christ's resurrecwe all are witnesses."(Acts 2:2224, 32.)

tion. That was vhat they wanted the ( Italics author's.

Apostle to be who was to take Judas'place Ah, but the doubting critic says, and he a witness of his resurrection. ( Read in the says conscientiously, if we had absolute proof

first chapter of Acts. that this was Peter's testimony, it would

Mind you, many men in the world today have force. But the author—Luke—received

accept Christ as a great teacher, but that is the witness personally of the men who saw not the fact which is going to transform their Jesus Christ after he was resurrected. We

souls. He was a great teacher, the greatest {Continued on following page)

JULY 1951 *V jr'ageJ THE EDITOR'S PAGE {Continued from preceding page) measurement of time, Cephas, Paul, whom this work shall come: That

know from authentic sources that Luke, and others are a long way we, through the grace of God the

Luke was in Rome with Mark, and from us. But Joseph Smith testified Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ,

also that Mark was in Jerusalem at that the risen Lord appeared to him, have seen the plates which contain the time that these great events that he was introduced by the this record, which is a record of the took place. We know that Luke Father, who said, "This is my Bepeople of Nephi, and also of the

was in the house of Philip, the loved Son; hear him."If that Lamanites, their brethren, and also

evangelist, and stayed many days testimony stood alone it would be, of the people of Jared, who came at Caesarea. We know that at that as Christ said his testimony would from the tower of which hath been

time he went to Jerusalem and be, of no avail when he spoke of spoken. And we also know that

conferred with James who presided himself. But Joseph Smith has they have been translated by the

over the Church at Jerusalem other witnesses whose integrity gift and power of God, for his voice

James the brother of the Lord, who cannot be questioned. Of Joseph's hath declared it unto us.

had accepted the gospel after the wonderful testimony, I am merely "Oliver Cowdery, David Whitresurrection. The testimony of suggesting a line of thought that mer, Martin Harris."

James, Luke heard, and in all young men may follow and come In Palmyra some years ago I probability the testimony of Peter, nearer to a conviction of the divinread in one of the local papers a because Peter was there as one of ity of Jesus the Christ if they will testimony, or memorandum, given the leaders when Luke went up to be conscientious and true, and not by a man who knew these three

Jerusalem on that occasion. Men "play pranks with their souls,"but witnesses personally. He never

were living, five hundred of them be honest as Joseph Smith was honjoined the Church, but in that local at that time, who had seen the est, and as these other men were paper I read this testimony of the resurrected Lord. What about the honest to death in their testimonies. integrity of one of these witnesses:

integrity of these witnesses? What Three witnesses corroborated John H. Gilbert, on September 8,

right had Luke to suspect them? He Joseph Smith's wonderful vision, 1892, the man who set the type of

did not; he accepted their testimony and in that testimony which they the Book of Mormon, says this of

as valid, and their testimony of the give they bear record of another Martin Harris:

resurrected Lord convinced him of truth, the immortality of man: For "Martin Harris was a good

the divinity of the work of Jesus if Jesus Christ lived after death, farmer owning a farm of about one

Christ to which he subscribed and and the angel Moroni came as these hundred and fifty acres about a of which he became a member. three witnesses declared, then you mile north of Palmyra village, and

He heard from Paul, day after and I will live after death! Man had money at interest. Martin, as

day and night after night, the testiis immortal. Oh, what a wonderful everybody called him, was conmony that he gave, and if there is revelation, what it means to men sidered by his neighbors a very

any question about the direct testiwho now but perfunctorily and in a honest man."

mony of Peter, we have the direct conventional manner accept the Martin, the honest man, says to testimony of Paul. Paul testifies gospel of Christ! These three men the world, "God's voice declared

that he saw the risen Lord. With testified: to us that the plates from which

that testimony you are all ac- "Be it known unto all nations, the Book of Mormon was transquainted. He further testifies that kindred, tongues, and people, unto lated are true; an angel of God

the risen Lord was seen of Cephas came down and he brought and (Peter), "... then of the twelve: laid before our eyes, that we beheld

FLASHING WINGS and saw the records.""After that, he was seen of above

five hundred brethren at once; of By Manfred A. Carter "A very honest man,"bears the

it? witness; should doubt why we part the greater remain untowhom

light dreams, I harvested the Tn summer In Pittsburgh ago, years I heardthis present, are fallen but some it walked bent never on grass but r And witPresident Roberts bear B. H.asleep. down;

inspirational in a meetswifter hands most than were moving my ness that, "After seen of My he was sight ing, that he heard David Whitmer, the apostles. of all thenJames; like sun, the immortal I mocked some

"And last of all he was seen of clown. another of the three special witbright testify in strange a flower nesses, these motion on Where words: also, of as one born out of dueme bell

if (point- 'Young man, that book (Itime/'15:5-8.) Cor. I in caught a hummingCame my dream,

I cannot doubt that testimony. bird ing to one of the early editions of

color spell that gold and crimson is true, of the not Book Mormon) the world? ThisWhy can testiAboveIts throbbing, soundless fear could not be

Ibis, there truth in then is no God's the resurrected is of Lord, heard.mony

not Jesus the teacher, not the Jesus Those flashing wings lay crippled in my world."

of Nazareth, but Jesus the Lord, Withpalm,heaven's shining motion weak and The integrity of these three witthe Redeemer of mankind. slow, nesses cannot successfully be questioned. Let me call your attention to anMy calm;heedless hands had brought a mortal

other witness nearer to us than the It was too late to let those bright wings go. But there is a greater witness

tears slow mournful washed Then of myancient testimony the as than witness of men, great Apostles—the

soul awake, is the Prophet isJoseph Smith that is. who of the a witness There for are not dreams hands some I knew

practically of our generation. In to take. {Concluded on page 542)

494 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA What Does Evolution Teach Today??

'Dm sjohn r. Widt&oe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Alljectlivingto change.things, plantsEveryandobserveranimals,of arenature,subwas"Asa farman,as sciencesome nothas sodiscovereddeveloped,therebutalwaysstill

certainly all plant and animal breeders, know human beings in all their functions, much as we this to be true. It is an unchanging fact of nature. are today.... Man came out of a blue sky as

Living things are not static. This is the law of far as we have been able to delve back."

evolution. 2. Vernon Kellogg, eminent bioloIn the meaning of this law, Lattergist, trustee, Rockefeller Foundation,

day Saints are the foremost evoluand other philanthropic scientific1 and tionists in the world. They believe educational organizations:

that the immortal spirit of man may Evidences "The fair truth is that the Dareternally approach the likeness of winism selection theories considered

God himself. AND with regard to their claimed capacity

The theory or theories of evoluto be an independently mechanical tion explanations of the are man's multitude observed of changes in Reconciliations explanationseriously discreditedof descent,in thestandbiologicaltoday nature. Such theories may or may world."

not be correct. They are always CLVI 3. Professor L. T. More, Dean of

subjectto changes as new facts are the Graduate School of the Univerdiscovered. sity of Cincinnati: 4

Until recently one of the theories "Unfortunately for Darwin's fuof evolution based largely upon the ture reputation every one of his arguwork of the great scientist, Charles ments is contradicted by the facts."

Darwin, was that man was only a 4. Dr. D. H. Scott, eminent British

product of changes in organic life, 5 throughout long periods of time. So botanist:

vigorous was the battle over the "A new generation has grown up proof of this theory, that in the which knows not Darwin. Is even

minds of men the law of evolution, a then evolution not a scientifically fact of nature, and the theory, man's ascertained fact? No! We must

explanation of the fact, became as hold it as an act of faith because one. An evolutionist in those days there is no alternative."

was a person who held that man de- 5. Dr. Henry Fairfield Osborn,

scended from the lower animals. foremost 6 champion of evolution in

The battle over the evolutionary America:

origin of man became so unseemly "If living today, Darwin would be that each side looked upon the inthe first to modify his theory. Darwin

telligence of the other with distrust. was brave but wrong."

After many years of swaying opin- 6. Douglas Dewar, zoologist, Inions, more temperate views now predian Civil Service, Barrister, South

vail in this field of science. Leading Eastern Circuit: 7

scientists, those of "The breeder, no unquestioned author- A A matter on what aniity, have expressed sHvi Vwmswer to the io/uetlond of l/Jovith mal or plant he extheir views upon the periments, after he matter today. 1 These apear to be quite different has effected a numfrom the views of yesterday. Quotations might ber of minor changes in any given direction, is

be made from other numerous students, but the suddenly brought to a standstill. In a comparafollowing from distinguished workers wellknown tively short time he reaches a stage at which he

in the scientific fraternity, will have to suffice. cannot accomplish more, no matter how much he

1. Dr. Clark Wissler of the anthropographic try.... This fact is fatal to the evolution theory."

section, U. S. Museum of Natural History: 2 (Continued on page 529)

*Read The Improvement Era, July 1939, p. 417; or John A. Widtsoe, sVernon Kellogg, Darwinism Today, p. 5.

Evidences1 Most of& theReconciliations,quotations werep. 149.assembled by Arthur I. Brown, M.D., 4L.5ArthurT. More,I. Brown,The Dogma"Must of YoungEvolution,Peoplep. 194Believe in Evolution,"

in his pamphlet, Must Young People Believe in Evolution. Oak Park. p. 11, Oak Park, III.

III.;'-,,,. oibid., p. 11.

2 Clark Wissler, The Case Against Evolution, p. 344. Douglas Dewar, Difficulties of the Evolution Theory, p. 91.

JULY 1951 495 Elder Willard Richards, grandfather of

Stephen L Richards, was second counselor to Brigham Young in earlythe orgvnization Louise Richards, Stayner Emma Dr. Stephen Richards, Longstroth

of the Church. of mother President Richards. father of President Richards.

more than passing interest is President Stephen L RichFirst Counselor in the OF the fact that the three men who ards,First Presidency.

today stand at the head of the

Church grew up in small Utah farming communities. President David

O. McKay was born and reared in

Huntsville. President Stephen L tit of Richards village the born in of was A Afkwmciauoft his childearly spent and Mendon

hood in Farmington. Grantsville

was the birthplace of President J. acter of this man whom God has Reuben Clark, Jr., and there he honored and whom the people of Stephen

lived until he left home to go to the Church have sustained in the school. Council of the First Presidency.

Unquestionably the lessons, imFor fortyfive years he has been his life can doubt his assurance of pressions, and habits of their childone of the general officers of the the divinity of the work in which hood days have had much to do Church, for thirtyfour one of the he is engaged.

with the later achievements of these General Authorities. What has That testimony came young in

men. Early in life they learned the qualified him for the important and life. Its taproot drew strength

necessity of getting up in the mornserious responsibilities he has carfrom the faith of his grandfather, ing and of doing a day's work. ried over most of half a century? Dr. Willard Richards. He it was

They developed a kinship with the First and foremost of his virtues who left home and friends and good earth and the honest people is his testimony of the gospel of profession when the Spirit of the who make it fruitful. They beJesus Christ. With him spiritual Lord bore witness to his soul of

came acquainted with nature, her knowledge is a sacred thing, a gift the divinity of the Book of Morrewards and her penalties. In the from heaven to be treasured and mon. Thereafter his lot was cast

simple but stimulating society of guarded. No one acquainted with with the persecuted Saints. And

those communities, their souls and minds grew with their strengthening Sister Irene Merrill Richards about bodies. As country boys are wont the time of her marriage in 1900. Elder Richards shortly after his marriage.

to do, they dreamed dreams that reached to the blue sky above them and aspired to places far beyond the mountains that surrounded their valley homes.

It is not within the province of this writing to recount the many engaging and at times trying experiences that led them by various paths to the high positions they now occupy. The assignment of this

article is a sketch of one of them

President Stephen L Richards.

Space permits only a few facts and observations, which, it is hoped, will give some indication, though inadequate, of the remarkable char496 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The children of President and Sister Richards greet them on their fiftieth wedding anniversary, February 27, 7950: Georgia Gill Olson,

Richard M., Lois B. Hinckley, Lynn S., Louise R. Covey, Philip L.,

and Alice R. Allen.

A family group in the backyard of the family home The gospel cause has always had

First in 1920. Avenue, taken Reading from 218 on

for advocates, able and need when B., right, left Alice. M., to Richard Louise, Lois Baby in Elder Sister Richards and

row, Front Georgia. Albert Center, Joseph (dec), inBrazil 1948. Sister Richards call both his he came, was qualified

L. eldest Philip Stephen, the Lynn and son, was just presented withhad been

mission this the to a States. Eastern time on training. native orchidsa corsage of and two dozen endowment at by

by the Saints in the Brazilian He is the product of a goodMission.

promising future. But he knew home, one of those "oldfashioned

of values the enduring he has of which life American homes"life where it his he was own who offered that of the meaning lie; he knew intending spoken often. Without that for sultry Prophet's the on

call; and there was no hesitancy in to reflect any personal glory, he

his response. has said that "the world supply of

He regards his testimony as a intelligence, goodness, and beauty

L Richards repeatpersonalit often,treasure.nor carelessly.He does notHe isA largelyglance ata matterthe homeof ofpropagation."his parents,

does not thrust it on those who together with a study of its prodwould scorn it. But on those ucts, confirms the truthfulness of

that statement. d5u L/ordon vJ>. Arinch leif occasions—sacredhe has shared it in occasions—whenmeasured words, His father, Dr. Stephen Longshis listeners have known that he troth Richards, was a distinguished

summer day in 1844 when Joseph was drawing from a deep well of physician, a man remembered not and Hyrum Smith were murdered. pure and living truth. alone for his professional skill, but

The grandson likewise forsook That testimony alone might have also for his quiet manner and his the advantages and emoluments of been sufficient reason for his call kindness to the poor and distressed.

his own chosen profession when into the Council of the Twelve. It was in the tradition of his father,

the prophet of the Lord called. But added to this were remarkable and of fathers before, reaching back

Stephen L Richards was then qualities of mind and facilities of into the earliest days of New Engthirty-seven years of age, a sucexpression that have made his land, that Stephen L Richards cessful lawyer, with an even more services invaluable to the Church. studied for a professional career.

It is likewise probable that from generations Four of Stephen L; Emmaof Louisethe RichardsStaynerfamily,Richards,photohistakenmother;in 1931:Lynn LynnStephen,Stephen,Jr.; andson the spirit of his father grew his

Stephen L. own sympathetic understanding of

those in unfortunate circumstances.

With remembrance of his own childhood and of his father's consecrated life, he has spoken of the days when periodic epidemics wiped out entire families, and even communities. And he has expressed

gratitude for the drugs and other curatives not available in his father's day. Obvious it is that

many of the qualities of his brilliant mind and his sympathetic spirit of understanding were gained from his able father.

His mother, Emma Louise Stayner Richards, was a gifted woman in her own right. She was the

{Continued on following page) JULY 1951 497 Salt Lake School Sunday workers. 1905. The young husband felled and 7, May

is Stephen L Richards standhauled the logs which became their ing second right. from

first dwelling, and the young wife made it into an attractive home.

They have since lived in larger and more comfortable houses, but each has been hallowed by the same cultivated spirit. Nine children have

come to them, each one welcomed and cherished.

The son of one large family and the father of another, President

Richards has deplored the modern

He bears no scars of selfish tendency to shortcircuit the "this age of ulcers."purposes of marriage. Listen to

this quietly eloquent appeal to the ''* youngChurch:fathers and mothers of the

STEPHEN L "If it shall please the Lord to send to your home a goodly number of children, I hope, I pray, you will RICHARDS not deny them entrance. If you

(Continued from preceding page) should, it would cause you infinite daughter of Arthur Stayner, a man sorrow and remorse. One has said

of ability and perseverance, who that he could wish his worst enemy worked for years on the chemistry no more hell than this, that in the of sugar refining. He made an life to come someone might apoutstanding contribution to the esproach him and say, 'I might have

tablishment of the western beet come down into the land of Amersugar industry and created a significant heritage for his children and grandchildren after him.

She carried into her own home that same spirit of doing things, and along with it a spirit of refinement service, and the nobility which have and culture. Ten children came to come from those great homes will

that home. They were bright, probably never be known to many,

lively youngsters whose parents but those who know of them and had the wisdom to give them freespeak of the accomplishments of our dom in developing their natural Church in the first century of its talents and the skill to direct their existence mention first the noble impulsive actions into worthwhile fathers and mothers who in log channels. But they were not "Little cabins of the frontier or mansions

Lord Fauntleroys."Stephen once of luxury have served faithfully as To President Stephen L Richards, no picture is

had his leg badly cut in a sleighpriests and priestesses in the temmore inviting than smooth water cut at the bow of riding accident, and when the docple of the home."Rivera trimin boat.1937.Above picture was taken on the Provo

tor was about to sew the cut, he let It was in that spirit and with go a welldirected kick that sent that ideal before them that he and ica and done good beyond computathe man across the room. The fact his bride began life together more tion, but if I came at all, I had to

that the parents knew the art of than half a century ago. Irene come through your home, and you

homemaking is evidenced by the Merrill was the daughter of piowere not man enough or woman adult lives of the children. Each has neer people, Clarence Merrill and enough to receive me. You broke

succeeded and become an outstandBathsheba Smith, and the product down the frail footway on which I ing member of the community in of another "oldfashioned American must cross and then thought you which he or she lives. home."She had been a member of had done a clever thing!'

From that home of his childhood the Tabernacle choir and was a Hay in the Malad Valley brought he has drawn inspiration for what student of the University of Utah, three dollars a ton and grain forty is perhaps his favorite theme. In a beautiful and gracious young cents a bushel when delivered to

speaking of the families who grew woman of artistic taste. the shipping point at Collinston,

up in such homes he has said: They were married February 21, Utah. But the small family lived

"What families they have been! In 1900 and left for the Malad Valley comfortably, if modestly, from the

days of privation and striving, how of Idaho. That was a challenging ranch and from supplemental earnthey have stood together! The and lusty country and the experiings Brother Richards made as

sacrifices which they have made, ence proved a valuable test of inprincipal of the Malad public one for another! The love, the dustry and resourcefulness. school.

498 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA After two years on the farm, they left for Ann Arbor, Michigan.

Brother Richards had spent three years in the University of Utah and now determined to get a law degree from an eastern school. One

year was spent at Ann Arbor, and then he transferred to the University of Chicago, where a law school had recently been opened.

In 1904 he was graduated with the first class from the University of Chicago Law School and received the coveted cum laude citaAuthorities of General A group and their wives gathered at the Richards home for a social evening 1920's. in the tion.

Ernest L. Wilkinson, now president of Brigham Young University, told the writer that he regarded and under such a variety of circumtells the story that when he was Stephen L Richards as the ablest stances and that their love and

young man practising before the appreciation for one another has

Utah bar up to the time he disgrown steadily over the years.

continued his legal work. Appointment to the Sunday

Apparently the Lord had need School board put Brother Richards for such a mind, and by interesting in close association with another means he brought him into the leadgreat man. President Joseph F.

ing councils of the Church. Smith was then President of the

As a boy Stephen L Richards had Church and also served as general been active in the Sugar House superintendent of the Sunday

Ward of Salt Lake City, where his School Union. He soon recognized

parents had moved from Farming the brilliance of the young lawyer ton. He taught in the Sunday board member and appreciated his

School and M. L A., served as a loyalty to the Church and its leadward teacher, and sang in the choir. ers—at a time when there was much

He today excuses his musical judgbitterness and considerable disment on the basis that he never loyalty.

got beyond the ward choir and When George Reynolds died in refers such matters to his trained 1909, President Smith filled the and talented wife. But he has also vacancy in the Sunday School

commented on a love for the songs superintendency by calling Stephen of Zion, developed as a young man L Richards as second assistant and while singing in Sugar House advancing David O. McKay to the

The Superintendency of School the Deseret Sunday Ward. post of first assistant. Brother Richright, 19181934. Union the years between Left toStephen L Richards, first assistant; Superintendent He also served as a member of ards was then thirty years of age.

David O. McKay; George 0. Pyper, second assistant. the Salt Lake Stake Sunday School Under this close association, the

board, and in a similar capacity in kinship of three strong spirits

Granite Stake. Then in 1906, when strengthened. President Smith bestudying at Harvard, he roomed he twentyseven years was of age, familiar with the came uncommonwith of the a son been had man who called to he the general was ability board the and his deep of worth the of of Schooldean Chicago Law. the of Deseret School Sunday lawyerassistant. In 1916 Francis his visited Hall day son DeanOne Union. he There acquainted became President Lyman, of the M. Counto his Latterintroducedand was with a school cil principal young of from died. Twelve, on And JanuSaint fatherday roommate. The a Ogden, six man 17, who months ary 1917, President preSmith thatresponded saying the best by earlier been had sustained sented the a member of name Stephen Lstudents taught he had were Morthe of Council of the fill Twelve Richards and the before to Council that from boys amon Utah and who now was of the that named a member in existed vacancy the Stephenyoung named man L Richthe general superintendency of the quorum. accepted was and He inards was, his judgment, the most Sunday School Union. There and ordained that same day, a young studentcapable he had met during then commenced a Davidand- folthe and man of thirtyseven,all of his years as dean.

Jonathan friendship which has lowing April he was sustained by

Back in Utah the young lawyer lasted and strengthened during all the membership of the Church.

began his career as Murray City the intervening years, and which He terminated his law practice attorney, as instructor in the Uniculminated in April 1951 when and dedicated himself to the work versity of Utah Law School, and as President David O. McKay chose of the Lord. That work has since

successful private counsel. Stephen L Richards to be his brought him many serious responsiOne of Salt Lake City's eminent counselor in the First Presidency. bilities. Because of his tact, his

lawyers (not a member of the It is a tribute to both of them that persuasive ability, his knowledge

Church and now deceased) once they have worked together so long (Continued on page 514)

JULY 1951 499 PENNED THE DECLARATION OF INDEPENDENCE? WHO

a Quaker by birth,Everyone knows that Thomas B, Julia W. Wolf a Matlack was

Jefferson, with suggestions from but he was an open advocate of a

John Adams and Benjamin "Fight if we must"policy, and in

Franklin, was the author of the tary ( Charges Thomson ) to have the 1 776 was elected captain of the

Declaration of Independence. But declaration printed as soon as posfamous band in Philadelphia,

how many know who penned the sible, and when this was done, the known as the "Shirt Battalion."So

letters on the great piece of parchmessage was proclaimed from the the Quakers, who were opposed to ment that the members of the Constreet in Philadelphia. war, formed what was known as

tinental Congress signed? It is one Charles Thomson, who had been "Free Quakers."Matlack joined

of the largest official papers in ex- a principal of a school in Newthem. Besides being in the Contiistence—one skin of parchment castle, Delaware, was an ardent nental Congress, he held a number

nearly three feet long and more patriot, and the first Congress chose of important offices under the state than two feet wide. him as secretary in 1774. He held of Pennsylvania and the city of

And, of course, we know that that office for fifteen years. AlPhiladelphia.

the Declaration was not officially though there were fifteen presiCongress had ordered Thomson written and signed until July 19, dents of the Continental Congress, to get out a score of copies of the 1776, and that it was not placed there was but one secretary. Thomdeclaration. Of course, he had to

on the table to be signed until son wrote the very last entry in send one to each state and one to

August, that is, by men who were the famous journal in 1789. (He the army. He had Dunlap, the

not members of the Continental lived to be ninetyfive years of famous printer of the Congress,

Congress in July 1776. But it was age. ) Thomson had a clerk in his print these copies. It is recorded

passed on July Fourth. Jefferson office by the name of Timothy Matthat the copies were eighteen inches

later wrote that the weather was lack, from Holmesburgh, Pennsyllong and fourteen inches wide very hot and that the members vania, and it was he who became the called "broadsides"in those days.

were glad to get out of the hot famous penman of the Declaration One of the copies was the official room but that he ordered the secreof Independence. (Concluded on page 540)

500 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Clearness, discouragement, and doubt sometimes come inexperienced and thoughts into the young unbidden of over'girl missionary in one row tk missionaries the field. How

came this condition is graphically told in this poign e5 ant story. YOUTH

first door and rang the bell. A

Jkose were thee twot wellfed man came to the door and opened it far enough to see who was there. "We are missionaries of the Church of Jesus Christ of LatterHAPPIEST YEARS..."day Saints—

Dm c=>Loma sjolle <i man"Don'tsaid grufflyhave anyand change,"started closthe ing the door.

Iaurie looked over her missionary "We aren't here after dona-

I diary. A scowl covered her tions,"Sister White quickly anface. nounced. "We would like to exThe reading was dull, not a bit plain to you a few of our beliefs,

like she had imagined a missionary and if we could just have a mindiary would be. Even her letters ute—

she wrote home so diligently every "I already belong to a church, week were boring, not at all inand I'm not interested,"he said, spiring and full of enthusiasm for as he slammed the door.

the gospel, the way everyone had "Just what I expected,"Laurie told her they would be. It was said in a knowing tone, her face as

discouraging, and Laurie let her long as a hoe handle.

mind follow the old natural course "I believe that we don't have the of wishing she was home and earnproper spirit with us. Why don't we

ing money instead of spending her ask the Lord to guide us to those time trying to convert a lot of folk who are searching for the truth?"

who didn't wish to be converted to The two girls stopped in the anything. shelter of the porch and prayed

Her gaze wandered over to -Photograph by Harold M. Lambert fervently to their Father in heaven

where her companion was industhat they would be guided to the triously studying the Bible. home at night than in the day. door of someone who was searching

Wish I could be like her, she What do you say?"for the truth. The air was still

thought. She's so happy and loves "Well,"Laurie mused, "I guess cold and damp when they stepped

the gospel so much. I'll bet her so."She turned her attention back out of the shelter, but both girls

diary is full of faith and converto her diary, which in scrawling felt warmer inside as they started sions; seems like everything hapwords said up the street. They stopped at

pened before I came out. Laurie "We tracted for about an hour several houses, but no one seemed

mused that her companion was altoday, but no one would even open to want to hear the message the ways eager to go tracting and to the door. It was disappointing, girls had brought.

street meetings, but many times but I expected it.""If only someone would listen

she herself would feign a headache If there was anything that Laurie to us, I would know the Lord had because she didn't think anyone didn't want to do, it was to go directed us,"Laurie said as they would talk to them anyway. How tracting. It certainly seemed like started up the front walk of one of

can anyone say that these are the a waste of time to go pounding on the houses.

two happiest years of one's life? someone's door and have people The girls rang the bell and

she thought. shun you as if you had the plague waited. When the door opened,

Sister White, Laurie's companor else announce that they belonged Laurie was sure that they would ion, looked at her and smiled. "Is to a church already. be rejected again, but motionthere something wrong?"she asked. After dinner, the two girls ing for them to come in was one

"No, just thinking."dressed in warm clothes and set of the most beautiful women she

"You know, I was thinking toout to finish tracting the street near had ever seen, very stylish and day that maybe we should finish where they lived. It was cold, and definitely of the upper class. Inside

tractmg the street that Sister the moist, cold air penetrated the house, Laurie noticed that the

Carlysle and I started while she through their coats. Complaining furniture was exquisite, and she

was here. Tonight would be a noisily, Laurie trotted after Sister felt very humble as they started

good time since more people are White who boldly approached the {Concluded on page 541)

JULY 1951 501 SOUTH LOS ANGELES STAKE, first row, left to right: President William

Noble Waite; Clifford B.

Wright, first counselor;

and Harold F. Whittier,

second counselor; Marvin "More—Religious—

E. Jacobson, Y.M.M.l.A.

superintendent; Edna

Harris, Y.W.M.I.A. President.

Sets New Records in LONG BEACH STAKE, second row: President

Virgil H. Spongberg;

William C. Price, Y.M.

M.l.A. superintendent;

Mrs. Dorothy M. Barnes,

Y.W.M.I.A. president;

Mr. & Mrs. Rodney Price,

"Era"directors.

INGLEWOOD STAKE, stakes or missions, by Southern third row: President E. States Mission—707%. Garrett Barlow; Reldon

G. Pinney, Y.M.M.l.A. First mission in the Church to

superintendent; Mrs. win Leader of Leaders Award with Marian V. Peterson,

Y.W.M.I.A. president;

Mr. and Mrs. Charles E. every mission district and miscelDuBois, "Era"directors. laneous area in the Hall of Fame

MT. OGDEN STAKE, with the Era in every home, by

fourth row: President

Olin T. Southern States Mission. H. Ririe; James

Underwood, Y.M.M.l.A.

superintendent; Lucille First stake to qualify every ward

Stratford, Y. M. W.

president; Lyle D. Wynn,I. A. in the Hall of Fame for the second counselor and Y.M.M.l.A. consecutive year—-by South Los

"Era"director; Reba Angeles Stake. Hendricks, Y.W.M.I.A.

"Era"director. Highest total subscriptions (allfifth STAKE, MOAPA ) by any stake in any row: President L. Church record Bryan

Bunker; Joseph W. Wenyear—by South Los Angeles Stake. dell, Y.M.M.l.A. superintendent; Mrs. Lueen J. Leader of Leaders citation for

King, Y.W.M.I.A. presievery ward in the Hall of Fame, dent; Mr: & Mrs. Jereld

H. Cameron, "Era"diwith the Era in every home for rectors.

the second year—by Young Stake.

Greatest gain over last year in

TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS both total subscriptions and percent of quota by South Davis Stake.

Twotheyformerbeen Churchliving toleaders,hear hadthe TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS results of the "MoreReligious- YELLOWSTONE STAKE, left first to row:Reading"campaign Imof The

J. right,William rePresident have S. Era, wouldprovement Lewis; Royal Jensen,

joiced greatly. If they could have dent;Y.M.M.I.A.Myrtle superinten-W. Rudd,

been told that for the first time in Y.W.M.George J.I. A.Kidd,president;Y.M.

the history of any Church maga- M.l.A. "Era"director.

zine, more than one hundred thouRIGBY STAKE, second sand copies of a single issue had row: President Christenbeen printed, it would make them sen;M.l.A.Haroldsuperintendent;Ball, Y.M.

very happy. M.l.A.Grace president;Petersen, MartinY.W.

These two leaders were President Harris,director;Y.M.M.l.A.Mrs. Katherine"Era"

V. Warner, Y.W.M.I.A.Heber J. Grant, founder of this

director. "Era"

widelyread magazine, and President George Albert Smith, who was NORTHthird row:DAVIS PresidentSTAKE,

responsible for its enlargement, exGeorge Harold Holt;

pansion, and development into one WilmerM.l.A. S.superintendent;Barlow, Y.M.

of the leading church magazines of Y.W.M.Mrs. CoraI. A.L. president;Kilfoyle,

the world. Mrs.stake Delbert"Era"director.E. Wilcox,

In the recent campaign the Era was carried into more homes than in OGDENrow: PresidentSTAKE,Laurencefourth

any previous campaign of its fifty- S.Seager,Burton;Y.M.M.l.A.C. Austinsuperintendent: history.three year Isabel marks were New

Ririe, presi- Y.W.M.I.A.

allset, through and subthe Church dent; Joseph DrimVan

stantial gains were made. melen,director. stake "Era"

These were some of the new records set: LETHBRIDGErow: PresidentSTAKE,OctavefifthW.

Highest total subscriptions for Palmer,Ursenbach;Y.M.M.l.A.A. DelbertsuMrs. Thelmastakes or missions by Southern perintendent;

Y.W.M.I.A. W. Merrill,

States president; Mission—4,627.

Llewelyn, Mrs. andstakeMrs. Highest directors. percent of quota for Job"Era"

BIG HORN STAKE, first row, left to right: President Frank H. Brown;

Robert Yorgxison, Y.M.

Gladys Y.W. Emmett,

president; Mrs. &Ji SiAV l IN ll Lampaicfn M.I.M.I.A.A. superintendent;

Mrs. Wallace Baird, stake

"Era"directors.

secStakes and Missions MINIDOKAond row: PresidentSTAKE, Davis

Green; James H. Williams, Y.M. M.I.A. superintendent; Lamona Hymas,

tulles, BUSINESS MANAGER &Y. W.M.I.Mrs. HoraceA. president;M. Hatch,Mr.

stake "Era"directors.

LOS ANGELES STAKE, Establishment of a record in thirdM. Russon;row: PresidentVarnellJohnR.

M.I.A. Y.M. superLaraanite gift subscriptions—721 Rozsa,intendent; Nielson, Erma

by South Davis Stake. Y. W. M. I. A. president;

Other stakes and missions made Harvey"Era"director.H. Sessions, stake

outstanding records, but those listed above are the new goals that have STAKE,SOUTH fourthCAROLINArow: President Wallace W. Mcbeen reached. A refreshing and Bride; Dewey D. Messer,

impressive missionary spirit per- Y.M. M.I. A. superintendmeated the campaign, and good- Y.ent;W. AliceM. I. A.D. president;Timmons,

natured rivalry for leading honors ArchelM.I. A. D."Era"Sanders,director;Y.M.

added interest and spirit to the BerthaM.l.A. "Era"N. Cook,director.Y.W.

effort.

Citations Extraordinary, outSOUTHSTAKE, fifthIDAHOrow: FALLSPresistanding honors reserved for outdentP. Summers,Cecil E. Hart;Y.M.M.I.A.Loran

Mrs. Florstanding accomplishment, were won encesuperintendent;Orme, Y.W.M.I.A.

again by both South Los Angeles president; Mode Wright,

Stake, leader of all stakes by wide Y.M.M.I.A.tor; Becky "Era"Lenzi, direc-Y.W.

margins, and Southern States Mis- M.l.A. "Era"director.

sion, which set new allChurch marks in both classifications. PERCENT OF QUOTA

A new award, a citation for the

PERCENT OF QUOTA greatest gain over last year, was won by South Davis Stake, with

SOUTH DAVIS STAKE, margins to spare.

first row, President Thomas left to right:Amby The twenty citation winners in

Briggs; John Theodore su the stakes and the eight in the misArbon, Y.M.M.I.A.

Alice perintendent; R sions included some new names.

Glissmeyer, Y.W.M.I.A

: Irving president; P in other honored have been Some

"Era'Beesley, Y.M.M.I.A.

director; Mrs. Don Bea years, but not in this group a

zer, Y.W.M.I.A. "Era year ago. Included this year are director.

PHOENIX STAKE, second South Davis, a real newcomer;

row; President David E. Long Beach, many times a citationHeywood; Dow Ostlund, winner; Inglewood, which has rare- Y.M.M.I.A. superintendent; Mrs. Edna K. Larly missed in recent years; Moapa, son, presi- Y.W.M.I.A.

dent; L. Lynne Driggs, not yet seasoned in this company;

director. stake "Era"

Yellowstone, long a leading Era third STAKE, FLORIDA C. stake; Big Horn, which is serving Alvin row: President

Chace; Thomas A. Hill, notice of intention to stay; and

superintend- Y.M.M.I.A.

ent; Elsie Starling, Y.W. Maricopa, traditionally near the. top

president; M.l.A. Mrs. in Era campaigns. Harvey D. Avery, stake

"Era"director. In the mission lists, Eastern

STAKE, MARICOPA fourth States claimed double citations ( not row: President L. Harold

Wright; L. Blaine Cumin any way a new experience), and

supermard, Y.M.M.I.A.

Mrs. intendent; Ethel New England, a surprise mission,

Y.W.M.I.A. Newell, presijoined the top group. dent; C. Brinton, Dilworth

stake "Era"director. Citation winners will all receive

UNION STAKE, fifth row: the attractive Permaplaques, which

President D. Smith; Milan

Nelson, Y.M. as the name indicates are permanent Donald K.

I. A. superintendent; M.

Lillian H. Blaires, Y.W. awards. New combinations will

president; M.l.A. Derrell make this year's awards different A. Lindsay, Y.M.M.I.A.

"Era"director; Winona from those of 1950.

Veal, Y.W.M.I.A. "Era"

director. (Continued on [allowing page)

M "MORERELIGIOUS-

I S Ward and Branch Citation Winners S I Spectacular records were made by wards and branches widely scattered over the Church. Here o

N are the winners:

S Mission Branch Citation Winners

first row, MISSION, STATES SOUTHERN "A"Branches—Percent of to Group

D. president; leftHomer mission Choules, Albert right: Quota sec- F. Bowthorpe, Kenneth counselor; Yarn, first

Graver, director; Loren counselor & "Era"ond Canadian, * 1. Saskatoon, Western

M.I.A. Timmons, secretary, Jayne mission States, Southern 2. Abbeville, super2763%; director. "Era"visor and

CENTRAL ATLANTIC STATES MISSION, second 1233%.

row: J. Robert Price, mission president; Kenneth

Lucretia superintendent; L. Duke, Y.M.M.I.A. Duke, Group "B"Branches—Percent of "Era"president; F. M. Henderson, Y.Y/.M.I.A.

director; Jane T. Henderson, "Era"director. Quota

C. Carl third row: 1. MISSION, LAKES Southern States, 1094%; Jackson, GREAT

M.I.A. Macay, president; Norene Burton, mission *2. States, Southern Atlanta, 874%;

supervisor.

City, Central Atlantic Elizabeth George Q. 3. fourth row: MISSION, STATES EASTERN States, R. Livingston, 871%. Georgia president; Morris, mission

"Era"director.

(Continued from preceding page)

Citation Winners—Stakes

Total Subscriptions "Wrfft'"rTF>"''3 2262; Angeles, Los *1. South *2. WtfTheImprovement Eta J Beach, *3. Long 1998; Davis,South

1242; 4. Inglewood, 1214; *5 Phoenix,

1212; 6. Mt. Ogden, 1043; 7. Moapa,

907; *8. Yellowstone, 895; *9. Big

Horn, 892; *10. Maricopa, 860; 11. \'S(>X. SH. K& xtra=#rbmat|> j

Davis, 12. 811; NorthRigby, 805; 13. AWARDED TO * 791. 14. Lethbridge, 798;Ogden,

&ou$ log Angeles tafee g!

Percent of Quota }(!} Sul

*1. South Los Angeles, 458%; *2. in the

South Davis, 357%; *3. Phoenix.

317%; 4. Florida, 304%; *5. Long i:. hv.mh.::*-:.m. k "J$IoreeligjougteBmg"Campaign -

19501951 *6. Maricopa, 288%;Beach, 291%; N.. *8.7. Yellowstone, Union, 278%; M$itUmmt& % Cxtepttoitai Honor 4 *9. 10. MiniBig Horn, 240%;242%;

doka, 230%; '11. Los Angeles, 228%; Loader of Cjw in Ev<

12. South Carolina, 226%; 13. South Home t W;

Idaho Falls, 226%. total sutKenptio

Starred stakes won double citations. Leader of all St

Citation Winners—Missions v Tb",;c

"vexy vvard h South 1/Total Subscriptions p

M. Southern States, 4627; 2. Central Atlantic States, 1010; 3. Great,*.

Lakes, 912; M. Eastern States, 878.

Percent of Quota *1. Southern States, 707%; 2. > y tij>, + i/ SrGtMWb*.-.. %

North Central States, 524%; 3.

Western Canadian, 391%; M. EastStakt Otatkm E\ira-0

ern States, 314%; 5. Canadian, 291%;

6. New England, 236%. r

Both Southern States and Eastern

States missions won double citations.

504 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA READING"CAMPAIGN M

I Group "A"Branches—Total Sub- S

scriptions *1. Saskatoon, Western Canadian, S

55; 2. Ft. Landerdale, Southern States,

44; 3. Athens, Southern States, 44. I

Group "23"Branches—Total Subscriptions O

1. Cincinnati, Great Lakes, 203; *2. Atlanta, Southern States, 192. N

S Ward Citation Winners NORTH left CENTRAL STATES MISSION, to right, Group "A"Wards—Percent Quota of

first B. row: John Hawkes, mission president; G. 1. Stibnite (branch) Weiser, 640%; A. first Matson, counselor; R. William Siddoway,

*2. Ridgeway, South Carolina, 565%. second counselor; Mabel Wahlquist "Era"director.

Group "B"Wards—Percent of Quota WESTERNG. Fisher, CANADIANmission president;MISSION,MelvinsecondC. row:Graham,Glen

second counselor and "Era"director; Marva 1. Huntington Park, So. Los Johnson, "Era"director; Valena Ballard, "Era"Angeles, 6th, director. South 743%; 2. Bountiful

Davis, 536%. CANADIAN MISSION: Floyed G. Eyre, mission president; Wendell Wagstaff, director. "Era"

Group "A"Wards—Total Subscripfourth MISSION, NEW ENGLAND row: tions Young, mission president; Clo Dean Munk,S. Dilworthauxil-

1. Miramonte, So. Los Angeles, 105; iary secretary and "Era"director.

*2. Ridgeway, South Carolina, 96; 3.

Hazelton, Minidoka, 95.

nr4tK. m/K0\n//\ 'nfjngjK'nr**;

Group "23"Wards Total SubscripThe Improvement Era tions 1. Long Beach 1st, Long Beach,

414; 2. Manchester, So. Los Angeles,

5r xtta=#rbtnatp The Hall of Fame

AWARDED TO f most gratifying The feature of lUfaftton M&tt$ the % &ottti)ent campaign was the remarkable

Far Superior. Accomplishments

gains in wards and branches winin the ning honors in the Hall of Fame. s

is This recognition reserved for "jWoreeltgtougCentring"Campaign 1; 19501951 groups reaching the goal of all Era campaigns—the Era in every exceptional 5|onor &rijtebemett&

home. This year twentyeight

2. Citatkwi Leader of Leaders - The Era In Every Home m Every wards and 102 mission and stake District and Miscellaneous Area

2. AllTime,. AllChurch Record for Total Subscriptions 4,62? branches carried the Era into every

* 3. AllTimc, AllChurch Record in Percent of Quota...... 7C>7'/<. L.D.S. home in their areas. In

4. The Era to every Service Man addition, for the first time twelve

Special Recognition 5s also given to ail Missionaries and District miscellaneous areas, all in the in the Southern States Mission. and Branch Era Director Southern States Mission, listed are

r in the Hall of Fame. Miscellaneous

Mitur 'JT includes live Church members who 1 too far from organized branches to 5* bethe listedpast theseas branchareas havemembers.not beanIn

Mission Citation E*tfti0F<iitj listed in Era campaigns.

AmmdisA jfmie lSt 1951 The Scroll of Honor joined in the 'ML*.

v:: (j*<->A<n,i \'i\:. I'rtsiAroi. tiintict; tinymsft, i. feverm (i- Smk J..iswes recordbreaking l.'tAw, tMwcr,. <;Wj>>s k*v experience. While.{Mi>:f.:i*. iti*(,:t, tM*t, i-fcitthtrh. M'i*s*S<f>j* IV*sitf K,<

il tt-n, ttifiii; Afci.: <i(Kir: t..I't**idt;rtt.l'iiif( tScSfifc-nE, C, t*rv4t**f><, HttUa-'f'(<"i<U BKi.wt: Wdtmw

.'. f- Swufc. t*>n.Tt>; IHtfriC-t; <>fx-\Vy. I'tnJi, Mnn.m Pswcfcrn. H..Waste*Vi'<<>-U it fw'U>ri<i in not as high was percentage of )'- t,, ft..is.. ((JftrtsKtJf. Hn>f. *ift!t; *Wsw. t-Rt f're<kt, S<*u(f* (flf,iw**..Prcsitk'frt. V\V*e-SuBth W.ustC.'nJia.V-inbarrisC*iin: *Kv<fJ(iJiMciw ftnv. Ni>ftli ismtf fhstcivf: Afrt

; (t.vt.-it'-t;,tW<n.\.J:n-<t), ( tiit;f< I>vtrici; S;v VH'f...irtjfN*(r< fcmufb Rinl. Htni!i S<unh J*>wph ><uftri.* Mis.

iKHrt-if) stakes iififi'H in missions *>i*!f".-t: Rig***, N(-t*<m. at and as SiipfTicsius <>{*.(>*>liiM'r Killer, least N'ffth ii->iMp(>'t.Ct**i(*j*t IJvtfkt; (toftsfti Plr><l*lijir>tf OtMrifti; kltkt,R*JtrCfctifir, SwRtci>-Tfctfmss, L.dR, "B*f*rviAm HotkcH. H.

(:*>;>**>-, H<tt-i& [I'MVioti * KldPt.*ivttb.ThfrftK<jt ixins niMnci, Martwit C-tiI-'WIda i.<,

(iSitpr, t-of(t JJtr4, IHX'i-n; b. &i>rfn*tt Pistrkt'j EM**.in)i Ftwtx, A*b*"t* fW*"<rt SttpvKi*.S3p*.fV*. in other it total year, one number AIhSkjoh* E>(rwl, <(WSwf*r*<ft**visfitj?&ff<erv(Mn$: W**,Rtfce, W*stH.m;!,<St*titSot*

(Continued on page 516) JULY 1951 505 Colder Czra Daft &"evi5ovi

Elder Ezra Taft Benson received the Silver

Antelope at the annual meeting of Region 72 held April 24 in Long Beach, Calif., from

Kenneth K. Bechtel, vicepresident of the

of Council, Scouts Boy National America, HIGH 12. of Region chairman and former

both inside and outing program. Elder Benson started side the Church, it

as an assistant Scoutmaster in 1918 was Elder Benson and has been connected with the who received the job.

since. he Because is of There much

of this time outsideWhenribbonthefromorangewhichandhangswhitethe hasprogramspent evermost story of Elder the

Silver Antelope was placed Utah, he has not gained the repuBenson in official around the neck of Elder Ezra tation as a scouter that has come scouting records. But

Taft Benson at Long Beach on to such men as President George many of the imporApril 24, a milestone was reached Albert Smith, President Oscar A. tant items do not

in one of the most active yet unKirkham, President S. Dilworth show on the books. THE SILVER ANTELOPE

publicized careers in scouting. Young, and others. Yet when Some will probably

Many men in the Church have someone was needed to follow in never be written about because they been well known for their activithe footsteps of President Smith to involve behindthe-scenes discusties through the years of the scoutcarry on the program of scouting sions and actions where only the decisions have been made known.

Because he has always had a strong feeling that scouting is an inspired program well adapted to the needs /jamboree Convocation Jatk bu of Latterday Saint boys, he has always championed its cause.

Colder (L.zra -Jan @->e,Benson It was for this reason as much as

any other that Region 12, comSir the inspired of Lord BadenPowell when was he prising the states of Utah, Arizona, Surely thrilled, this scouting founded great be movement. would He California, Nevada, and the and into look as could your but stand he now, on this platform, I am

faces and know that you are here to practice scouting, to proclaim Hawaiian Islands selected Elder liberty, and to worship God. Benson to receive the Silver AnteMore than the wisdom of this world was written into the Scout lope. It is the highest award that

oath. region be bestowed and is by a "On my honor I will do my best to do my duty to God and my can Buffalo, Silver topped only by the Country"

These few short words embrace everything we stand for here which is given by the National tonight. Our liberty crusade is for God and Country. It is for free Council, Boy Scouts of America.

dictates. their conscience free to as nations worship men in

its It ideal that is this in faith scouting has made it an Elder Benson started his scoutand important part of the program for young men in the Church of ing career as an assistant ScoutJesus Christ of Latterday Saints, Scouting constitutes a major part master in the Whitney Ward of the of the program for boys eleven to seventeen in the Young Men's Franklin Stake in Idaho in 1918.

auxiliary of the Association, the Mormon Improvement Mutual Here he served as an assistant and activities of recreational and the cultural looks after Church that its youth. It was to this organization that the National Council on as Scoutmaster of Troop 37 until

June 9, 1913 issued its first charter to a religious body. 1921, and from 1924 to 1929.

Today eightyfive percent of the Mormon boys of this age are As a Scoutmaster Elder Benson last year to registered Explorers. This as Scouts or compared a ran an outdoor troop; his Scouts

for percent for Scouts national registration of 32.5 percent and 2.9

Explorers. always knew that they would get

One other fact will be of interest to you. We have a large their share and more of hiking,

group of Mormon boys at this Jamboree. No other religious group camping and outdoor life. The

as a higher percentage of its boys participating in this encampyoung Scoutmaster wanted to get ment.

These young Mormons, perhaps as well as any other Youth close to the boys and near to God group in America today, except possibly our visitors from foreign in the outof-doors. So they took to

lands, know the real meaning of religious liberty. Only 106 years ago the hills as often as possible.

States, right last their Prophet here in the United Tuesday, and From 1929 until 1934 he worked grandparents and greatof their Patriarch martyred. were Many

grandparents gave their lives for their faith. Others were persein the Mutual in the Franklin and

cuted and driven west. In the Rocky Mountains they found a place Boise stakes, always promoting the

where they could worship God "according to the dictates of their scouting program. From 1934 to

own conscience."1937 he was a member of the Boise

return join youths these to of the out west from with you Now to of help us Scouts to the preserve all good prayer the Stake presidency and from 1938 to in a God the stake president. He conliberties their forefathers and yours worked for—and fought for—1939, and died for—and secured. tinued his active support of the

boys'program. From Idaho, Elder

506 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ing held in Philadelphia last year just prior to the National Jamboree at Valley Forge. The prayer&ecewe$ wasn't out of the ordinary for him.

He had given many like it before and would give many after. ButSCOUTING AWARD there was a ring of sincerity, a

feeling of actually calling on our and national annual meetings and Father in heaven that impressed the

Dm Jorace Ljreen national committee meetings. editor of Philadelphia's leading

OF THE Y.M.M.I.A. GENERAL BOARD These activities have been imnewspaper. He had five fulltime

portant and have helped build Elder reporters covering the jamboree. He

Benson as a scouter. And it is assigned the man in charge of this

Benson moved to Washington, D. partly because of this fine record staff, his best writer, to cover the

C, where he became the first presithat he wears the Antelope. But activities of Elder Benson at the

dent of the new stake organized the really important phase of his big event.

there. Scouting grew in the new activities has been the "extras": the At the Sunday evening convocastake under his guiding hand. kind word, the winning smile, the tion service at the jamboree nearly

In July 1943, Elder Benson was right idea, and the ability to have one hundred thousand people were chosen a member of the Council of it accepted. gathered, about half of them Scouts

and scouters in uniform. Four

men were to speak, representing the four religious divisions of scouting in America: Catholic, Jewish,

Protestant, and Latterday Saint.

A few short years ago there would have been only three. The Latterday Saints would have been

grouped with the Protestants. It

was Elder Benson who had played a leading role in convincing those concerned that the Latterday Saints didn't belong with the Protestants. In doing this he could

not have seen that one of the many fine ramifications would be that he would be given a chance to tell about L.D.S. scouting at the jamboree. But it was. And there will

meeting. 12 annual at the represented Region California in southern was L. Stake D. S. Every

Pliny Powers, be no end of good come to the H. Dr. by (left) is receiving the Silver Antelope congratulated on Elder Benson Here

Deputy Chief Scout Executive of the Boy Scouts of America, Dr. Ray O. Wyland, director of the National Church from this important move.

E. Garrett left to right: presidents, stake standing, D. S. nine L. and Service, Relationships Barlow, Following his address at the jamVirgil Glendale; H. Spongberg, S. Dibble, Angeles; Edwin Los South Waite, William Noble Inglewood;

Pasadena: John M. Hunter, Howard R. W. Peel, San Bernardino; Vern Long Beach; Russon, Los boree convocation, there were tears Beach. East Long C. Dalton, and John representing East Los Angeles; Dale Brown, Angeles; in the eyes of many—especially the

oldtimers who had been close to the Twelve. At that time he was Offering a prayer in a meeting the founding of the scouting promade a member at large of the Nais a commonplace event. All good gram. Elder Benson had been the

tional Council and served in that scouting activities are opened and first at the great jamboree to pay capacity until he was named on closed with prayer. So it wasn't tribute to Lord BadenPowell,

May 22, 1949, to take the place of out of the ordinary for Elder Benfather of scouting. He did it in a

the national President Smith on direct simple words. But and few to to pray at one on be called son

of In board. October executive left the of he no doubt in the minds the sessions of meetannual the of of a that year he member (Concluded 543) was made on page

the national committee on program, the committee on relationships, and CHURCH SCOUTERS WHO HAVE PREVIOUSLY RECEIVED SILVER ANTELOPE AWARD the rural service committee. He is

still active on all three committees and has been given many other special assignments. He has been a

member of the national nominations committee and of the Old Scouts committee, of the executive committee of Region 12, and of several other region committees. Many

times he has been moderator for discussion sessions at both regional OSCAR A. KIRKHAM GEORGE R. HILL GEORGE Q. MORRIS JOHN D. GILES

JULY 1951 507 hen the happiness of two of your dearest friends seems headed for a sudden breakup, you think fast. Out of the memories of the past may [lash a

sudden inspiration for a solution.

Ian't we do something about Judy was the first to find voice, all and Jim Judy?"sudden barriers removed by my"C "If you're wise, lovable well as appearance. "You might

meddler, you'll not interfere in know right now. It's not someneighborhood quarrels,"Dan rething that happened overnight. The

plied. domestic barometer here has been

"But they're our closest friends."low for some time. Today the

"They'll not remain that way storm broke. You're now viewing

long if we try to order their lives,"the debris."Then, with sarcasm

said Dan, sprawled out over wingebbing fast, she added: "Anyway,

chair and hassock. I'd rather it was you that learned

"So many marriages break up about it first."

because of arguments over trifles,"Still weak from the shock, I

I continued. ventured, "I thought this was an

and Dan nodded. "I'll admit that anniversary for you, too—you

loud yapping we heard through our Jim have been married five years."

open window didn't suggest a love "That's true, Helen, but it song."doesn't mark years of happiness

"But Dan, we just can't stand by like yours and Dan's. He always Sfc Tfe: Witt;l

and let their marriage split up gives you whatever you ask for, the Robbinses are such grand peowhile I've had to fight continually ple.""Remember, Helen, if you insist upon thrusting your pretty little nose into this, it will be your indivwt%+*w%*w*%%%wvi+%wvti vidual problem. Jim is a guy I OF THEwant to keep as my friend. So Heart

bear in mind, I'm warning you not to meddle."for everything I've ever had for plane. Did he tell me off! Then

In the morning Dan asked, "Are my home. I'm fed up on that kind a storm of gale proportions pushed

we celebrating today?"of diet. I'm through. This ends open the door, and he was gone."

"Of course. Let's have one of our five years of existingit's our "I'm sorry, Judy. I'm pretty

quickie parties tonight. What's a special kind of anniversary,"Judy's sure, though, that Dan could be

wedding anniversary without a dark eyes were challenging. just as explosive if I suggested right

party!"My thoughts were forked lightnow the landscaping and planting

"Okay,"Dan said as he kissed ning: I was remembering Aunt of our lot by an expert gardener. Kate who almost wrecked the hapShortly after we were married,me, "but don't do a lot of work."

piness of her home because of her Judy, I overheard Dan laughingly "You know me,"I called after demanding, ways. If only I could remark to a friend that he was the

him. "I wait till the party is over tell Judy about Aunt Kate. head of his house. That reminded

before I do the cleaning—well, most "Judy, you're mistaken about Dan me of Aunt Kate's recipe for marof it, anyway."giving me everything I want. It's ried happiness. Applied with a

I could hardly wait for Dan to quite true he does plan some nice sense of humor, it gets results."

turn the corner. Unknowingly, he things for our home, but I can't "You may be right, Helen, but

had suggested the solution of my remember ever asking for any of I'm in no mood for experimenting,"problem. them. And, anyway, his salary replied Judy.

Without even stacking the dishes, doesn't allow much of a margin for Not at all certain that I could be

I found myself at the Robbins'sudden demands upon it."of any help to Judy and Jim, I

kitchen door. Knocking and at the "I've been wanting an Americanreturned to my own gay kitchen. It

same time turning the knob, I Oriental rug ever since we were always supplied inspiration and called, "First invitation to our party married,"said Judy, trying to hold comfort. I was recalling the warm,

tonight."But on seeing Judy's back the tears. "It seemed to me friendly look of Judy's dark eyes

rebellious, unhappy face, my feet that our fifth anniversary would be when we first met; that was the day

glued themselves to the spotless the logical time to at least make a we moved into the little white cotlinoleum. My throat became suddown payment on it. You'd have tage next door to the Robbinses. I

denly dry. thought I was asking for a private was thinking, too, of the fine recipes

508 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I as went heavy heart was My domestic the household the Robbins'Jn details final the over to check time. home some barometer had been low for

I enjoy could party. the for How

Today the storm broke. our anniversary when Judy and Jim

were so far apart?...

L\ Nine o'clock! I tried to chat gayly

more, he hoped I'd give her the with our guests. I was thinking,

recipe sometime very soon. we'll play charades and other games

By early afternoon the party for awhile. Maybe they'll come,

complete. almost plans were of tone a was I was but no—there peas arranging and babysweet that voice today finality in Judy's

breath in a vase when the Robbins'gave no hope for a kissand-makesolution finally took form. Thought up solution. Turning to Dan, I

and action were simultaneous. said in a low voice: "You might

labeled Snatching a card ENGtables now. the just set up as well

recipe the from LISH PASTIES. '.. waiting. No use

file, I ran over to Judy's. There Constantly alert tonight to every

was another recipe on the back, sound from outdoors, I was sure I which I had used countless times heard steps on the walk. Then

during our marriage. "Judy, voices. familiar To- I've voices—gay, ever since about us thinking been at the door, I were gether Dan and

this and and I, Jim at and happiness Jim beaming morning—you

diftoo not Dan. You and I are soon were Robbinses Judy. The

ferent. Jim and Dan are just avermingling with the others, gaily

age husbands, devoted to their chatting about daylight saving time..."wives. an extra hour it gave them

"I'll party. for the agree wholeheartedly on the—howto prepare

angle of average husbands, but I "They're putting up a brave wish I could say as much about the front,"I thought.

devotion,"interrupted Judy. In quick response to my ques-

"I guess I was just plain lucky to tioning glance, Judy separated from get my recipe for married happiness the others and moved toward the early from Aunt Kate, but then anykitchen, giving my hand an extra time you get it is not too late. The squeeze as we entered.

HMHWW*V important thing, of course, is to use "Judy, did you try the recipe?"

it after you find it.""Yes, I did,"answered Judy.House "You seem to be a great sage,""Did Jim like it?"Judy didn't

conceded Judy. answer, for just then Dan and one

it In the first works. the into the other of came men

believe that must Jim Dm sreavi Mndier$ovi place,"I knowyou table. extra for an kitchen We

loves you dearly."rejoined the others in the living

There was a faraway look in room. I kept thinking, at least for

she had given me when my own Judy's eyes that made my heart this evening I can be thankful.

were in the "trialand-error"stage. ache. "Does he?"she asked skeptiThey seem happy even though it

Quite recently my cooking skill had cally. may prove only a shortlived bliss.

been put to a real test. I had asked I continued: "Then too, a little If only Judy doesn't start demandJim to have dinner with us one day dust or an occasional cobweb won't ing something new right away!

when Judy was out of town. I kept change your home to a hovel. Men At midnight the guests began to

hoping everything would turn out ravel in being able to relax in the leave, congratulating us upon our well; Jim was not used to amateurish biggest and best chair in the living successful three years, and suggestcooking. What, then, should I room. Sometimes, Judy, I think we ing that >ve give them a copy of our

serve? Why, the foolproof dish, put too much stress on housesuccess formula as a party souvenir.

of course; English pasties was the keeping. The accent should be The Robbinses were the last to leave.

answer. None of our friends ever on homekeeping instead. Judy pulled me aside. "Helen, when

served them. So Jim would be "Thanks for your suggestions, I began to assemble the ingredients

tasting for the first time a brand Helen, but I prefer to work it out for the pasties this afternoon—lean

new way of serving meat. Then, my own way."beef, potatoes, onions, shortening,

if by chance it didn't measure up to "Frankly, Judy, I didn't mean to flour, and seasoning, I found I had my expectations, at least Jim would preach. What I started out from neither shortening nor pastry mix,

is to with nothing have which with a compare home the never card recipe—something over—I'll

it. I I piled the as while and savory However, were away, cooked you another found know so I turnedwhy—and

it. platter, pasties It liked in fear a can no I had on the Jim be made pasties. I defor recipe, not but

of Jim's verdict—they were an jiffy with prepared pastry flour."cided to try that one immediately.

epicure's delight. Jim said I was "Thanks a lot, Helen,"said You can see for yourself the result

now in the class of professional Judy, glancing at the recipe card. of that trial. I shall keep this tested

cooks along with July. What's "I may try it sometime."(Concluded on page 514)

JULY 1951 509

Brigham Young and

called—was finally completed in

1861. Hiram Sibley, president of

Western Union Telegraph ComUTAH STATE AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE pany, and Edward Creighton, contractor for the company, played the principal roles in promoting the 2 LITTLEKNOWN contribution of construction of the Overland line.

the Church of Jesus Christ of After repeated failures by the tele-A Latterday Saints was the asgraph industry to unite behind a sistance it rendered in the construcscheme to build the line, Sibley tion and protection of the transfinally interested officials of the continental telegraph line. It furfederal government. The outbreak

nishes a telling example, not only of the war between the states in of the loyalty of the Saints to the 1860 was a causal factor in this

Union, but also of the type of emstepped-up interest. Congress finalpire building at which the Saints ly approved the Pacific Telegraph

were so adept. Act which became law June 16,

Soon after the first Mormon set- 1 860. This act provided a tenyear

tlement in Utah in 1847, agitation subsidy of $40,000.00 per annum to

began for the construction of the company completing a line from a transcontinental telegraph line the western boundary of Missouri which would connect Great Salt to San Francisco. Land and rights of

Lake City with the outside world. way were also a part of the subsidy.

The Territorial Legislature, in JanuWith the $400,000.00 guarantee in

ary 1 853, memorialized Congress as his pocket, Sibley made arrangefollows ments with the newlyorganized

The inhabitants of this Territory are California State Telegraph Comsituated in the Great Basin of North Amerpany to run a line east from Carson ica, occupying an intermediate position City, Nevada (to which point a between California the States and on the line had previously been built), Mississippi; and being shut their out by

isolated position from a ready intercourse while eastern companies would cofrom their line mother the States; in running west the roads passoperate

for Timber the poles obtained was from ing arid plains, over rough and desert Echo and point (to which canyons transported Weber and from Omaha Westmountains taking a term of thirty days in ern Union had just finished a line). by ox team to points on the line as needed.

the best seasons of for the the year mails to pass through from the confines of Creighton was commissioned to civilization this to Territory; conand the take stagecoach from west in aid securing poles, subsistence, sidering the obstructions arising from in the to latter part of 1860 Omaha transportation. and storms, floods, and the depredations of

hostile Indians, all combining to render survey and make plans for the loUpon his return, Creighton the line. ofour stopped means He of intercourse extremely limited cation that the junction of over recommended

precarious.and in Salt in City Lake December. the eastern and western lines be

History Journal reports The under located at City. Sibley Salt Lake petition then strongly The urges date 20, that, of December 1860 promoters and other the organizedthat a telegraph line from the East Creighton spelled "Mr. (sometimes Pacific Telegraph built with Company,be Salt of by way Lake City "Craton")... agent of the Overcapital million a dollars of one toto Diego, San Francisco, San and

... called land Telegraph Brigon construct eleven the miles hundredAstoria, Oregon, concludes: and

ham Young and wished him to take of line from Omaha to Salt Lake oversight superintendency and of movement could Congress No be the City. Creighton superintendent was

better calculated to preserve inviolable of the telegraph line across the of this construction division.* ofour glorious to Union, than the bind East the continent."later week One In California the TeleOverlandand by an stream, West ELECTRIC the Journal History that records intelligencewhereby interinstaneous and graph a capital with of Company,

course from the eastern to the western Creighton wanted the Saints to $1,250,000.00, was organized to run

limits of our will widespread country supply erect telegraph and for poles five miles hundred from odd 8 theannihilate the distance, the free and make line. miles some five hundred of the to Salt City Carson City. Lake ofmen Maine Florida and Oregon, and Brigham Young, 1 anxious was whoCalifornia immediate appointed Gamble neighbors. James was conto support the enterprise, promised struction superintendent of the

5 Construction beThis transcontinental line—or Thompson, Robert Luther. Wiring a Continent: western division.

History of the Telegraph Industry inOverland Telegraph, as it was The the gan in July 1861 at both ends of

United States 18321866. Press, Princeton University

1947, 349. p. Jersey, iYoung, New Levi Edgar. The Founding Utah. Princeton, of cit., op. 360-1. 4Thompson, pp.

Charles Schribner's 403-4. York, 1923, pp. Sons, New SL. D. S. History, Journal 27 Dec. 1860 cit., 360. "Thompson, op. p.

510 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the Transcontinental Telegraph Line

the transcontinental line and also "Is it true that my son entered into. a telegraph poles he had delivered

in both directions from Salt Lake contract with you to furnish poles for the and erected. After payment was

City. telegraph?""Yes, sir,"inquiredreplied Young.Creighton. received, Brigham made the followLatter-day Saints aided mate- "Is it also true that the price agreed ing statement, "I did not touch that

rially in the construction with poles, upon in this contract was subsequently gold with my fingers or flesh until labor, and food supplies. The chief raised?"it was all paid in.... I then delivit over for tithconstruction problem was securing Creighton"Let me noddedsee thosehis assent.contracts,"said ered every dime of

the necessary poles for the line. The Young. ing. I have not used8 one farthing of

Overland route west from Omaha Creighton, taking the documents from it for my own use."

over. pocket, handed them this his treeless, was comparatively and a received also President Young

careful scrutiny After Brigham Young desert of the even more true was in in the stock of $10,000.00 the in crushed and gift his hand new one

route between Salt Lake City and Overland Telegraph Company from

Carson City. A large share of the its President, H. W. Carpentier."

poles was supplied from Salt Lake Indicative of the importance

City, under arrangement which which both eastern and western

Creighton had tentatively made the divisions of the transcontinental preceding December with Church line attached to the assistance renleaders. Poles for 750 miles of the dered by President Young and the

eastern line were supplied under a Church were their requests that contractual arrangement with Brigthe Church President make the first ham the compleupon communication Young—aYoung,lumberwhosedealer—seemsson, John W.to 1861. 10 in October tion of each line

it. for Poles have handled completed line eastern was the The

far line as western Valas Ruby the 17, 1861 11 and October ley—some two hundred and fifty line one week later. The firstwesternSalt miles—were furnished by the MorLake City office was a small adobe

mon firm of Little and Decker of house on the east side of Main 6

Salt Lake City. Timber for the Street between First and Second

poles was obtained from Echo and South Streets. John Clowes was

Weber canyons near Salt Lake City "imported"to Salt Lake City to 12 and it is and transported by ox team to manage its first office, points on the line as needed. The interesting to note that he was so

Journal History of the Church notes impressed with the Latterday several instances in which this acSaints and their religion that he tivity was carried on; for example, joined the Church and became a

on the second of September 1861, staunch member.

seven loads of telegraph poles were seen near the Jordan River. They An important service of the

were being hauled by the ox teams Church to the Union during the of Brigham Young. war between the states was ren-

A story is told in relation to the deredgraphicin 1862requestwhen, ofuponPresidentthe telepole contract entered into between Lincoln, April 28, 1862, a comCreighton and Brigham Young's pany of ninety men was raised to son. Sometime after the contract protect the property of the Overwas signed, land Telegraph and Overland Mail

The son informed the contractors that Companies between Fort Bridger his bid on the poles had been too low, and Fort Laramie, Wyoming. With

and that he was losing money on the the blessings of the Church, this job. contract at new once was made A Smith, Lot Captain under company, I IK PUTT urTrTLEGRArH figure. higher after the long at a YW& Not

outfitted, on its and way was raised, contract up, had been a mesdrawn new print 1861. an old From in Harper's Weekly, 13

senger came saying that Brigham Young within three days.

wished to see the telegraph contractor. threw it into the fire. "The poles will (Concluded on page 529)

considerable apprehension Creighton With furnished be with son in accordance bymy 1861. 15 History, Dec 8Journal to the the of leader. went home Mormon 1861. 16 August History, BJournal the the original terms of contract,"he

in found 7 be into being these communications ushered of library, may the 10Copies Upon he said. 18 of dates the and 24 History under the Journal the introduced as himself representative

1861. October

of the telegraph company. President Young received eleven "Though Thompson says 19 October. Op. cit., p.

cNeff, Andrew Love. History of Utah 1847 to thousand dollars in gold for the 366.'Daughters of Utah Pioneers. Heart Throbs of the

1869. Edited and annotated by Leland Hargrave West, Vol. 1. Compiled by Kate B. Carter, Salt

Creer. Salt Lake City: The Deseret News Press, 7Wilson, B. H., "Across the Prairies of Iowa,"Lake City, Utah, 1947, p. 185.

1940. p. 730 Palimpsest, August 1926, p. 249. Journal History, 28 April, 1 May 1862.

JULY 1951 511

TIN JL kS"

WAKE UP OR BLOW UP His language is simple, colorful, JOHN C. CALHOUN

( Frank C. Laubach. Fleming H. Revell readable. His sense of the interesting (Margaret L. Coit. Houghton Mifflin

Company, New York. 1951. 160 and the dramatic is always in evidence, Company, Boston. 1950. 593 pages.

pages. $2.00.) and this book of twelve Pitch Pine $5.00.)

HThis work with its challenging title Tales makes engaging reading for "\T7'inner of the Pulitzer prize for for those people, even who and is young subtitled: Lift the America: Coit L. Margaret biography, them. to others read must have It! It is or provocative a LoseWorld scholthe on complimented should be coloris himself a R. Driggs Howard earnest utterance aand man by who intensely time the at same arly and reflect his writings character, ful and lived thehas world's "backamong recreatin done has she work human which colorful from the him and West peoples."Frank Laubach, C.ward his in the as well as man period a ing

L. comes. he E. is Special Division of Counselor, R.who across Colorful moved men period.

Foreign Missions, National Council the stage of our national history in of the Churches of Christ, U.S.A., has RECREATION ACTIVITIES FOR the first half of the nineteenth cenworked with the educational departADULTS tury: Daniel Webster, Henry Clay,

countries has of sixtythreements and Association. AsRecreation (National and Randolph, Jackson, John Andrew

definite concluwith somecome up 178 Press. York. 1950. sociation spite of great in to them, yet New opposed

sions the practical applicaconcerning pages. $3.00.) them—Johntion of are an ageold ideal: Men Carolina. Trom the first chapter on How To differences,C. Calhounfriendsof withSouth

he says,going communistic, because struggle of passionate valuable the the book holds inThrough- Do It,they are and terribly hungry to underfor reader people comes unhapformation Mutual Calhoun the who maypy—and not because they have comwish to supplement the Recreation stand more fully the background for

convictions. aremunist They material to the addition In not Handbook. the Civil War.—M. C. J.

surplus food, old clothes,satisfied with is section the book, each included in us toand loaned money. want They further enhanced by the selective biogpolitical ulterior them,teach without

text. the follows SIDES The which raphy TO A TWO liftpurpose, to themselves toward how for in outboth games DESK abounds TEACHER'S book

life. is level of a with Thisour

for quiet and use indoor and and door S. Macmillan Marshall. Com- (Max that cannot message bea bookignored—

it suggestions has active games; even 1951. 284 pages. York. pany, New alnot those not even by may who valuwill prove for hobbies. book The $3.00.) agree.together JR. L. E.

able in the home as well as in the HPhis delightfully refreshing book inBEFORE AND AFTER Mutual.—M. C.J. dicates that not all is perfect from

I. Edvalson. Stevens (By Carl & desk—and

Inc., SaltWallis, 1951. 30 Lake City. From THE MORMON MIRACLE theindicatesteacher'sno oneside isof perfect.thepages. 50c—40c for missions.) (Grace Johnson. Deseret Book Com- a long experience as teacher Dr. MarAn interesting and wellwritten pany, Salt Lake City, Utah. 1950. 30 shall brings light and at the same time

Biblical answer to the argument pages. 50 cents.) challenge to this defense of the demofor "soul sleeping,"as advocated by HHhis moving lecture, now available cratic method in the teaching professome searchers after truth. in printed form, will serve to make sion. As the author states

The pamphlet, which is strictly many people trace relationships from "Teaching is viewed from the stuBiblical, should be of use to missioncause to effect—and from truth and dent's point of view; students are

aries in the field who frequently have faith to satisfying action. Telescoped viewed as the teacher sees them. Beto meet this very erroneous—/.doctrine.A W. intonificance,pagesthethatmiracleare packedgains bywithits verysigcausealong teacherswith theholdprestigeso muchof authority,age and

it published, succinctness. Beautifully oneeducation experience, has become INDIANSAMERICAN OF will worthy gift and a welcome make the sided; schoolrooms yet from comeYESTERDAY C. item.—M. J. fuof the parents teachers and the Naylor (Ruthe M. Edwards. The

Company, San Antonio, Texas. 133 ture.... The conclusion is reached

pages. $5.00.) BOWER OF QUIET that perhaps students have ideas worth

"T'his book, written and illustrated (Ethelyn M. Kincher. Big Mountain hearing and that the ideas of some of

by an understanding author, is, as Press, Denver, Colorado. 1950. 47 the teachers are not worth as much as

she wished it to be, "a monument to pages. $2.00.) is often assumed. Teaching prince

the Indian tribes of North America."HThose who love poetry will find this pies, evaluations, training of teachers,

The book includes the history, legends, slender volume extremely satisfyadministration of schools, most of the and also sketches of leading Indians, ing and stimulating. The author varies educational program is inspected in its

whose biographs are also included. the kind of verse to the theme she relationship to a balanced whole com-

... after all Perhaps that munity. it is natural develops. we can While—M. C. /. balance, teaching between find a good appeal more will always some poems

PITCH PINE TALES to one reader than to. another, it is as a cooperative endeavor and teach-

(Howard R. Driggs. Illustrated by L. only fair to state that the author's ing as a form of caretaking and

F. Bjorklund. Aladdin Books, New ability is of an even quality and discipline, a balance m which neither

York. 101 pages. 1951. $2.00.) shows her knowledge of poetry. One the practical and moral significance of

TJToward R. Driggs has long endeared that all would do well to read—and discipline nor the necessity for dealhimself to young and old as a teller ponder—is titled "What of Leisure."ing with students as persons is igof Western pioneer tales.—M. C. J. nored."—M. C. /.

512 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA oA Qreat Youth Organization Suggests A READING COURSE Special Interest Junior M MenJunior Gleaner

KonTiki by Thor Heyerdahl $4.00 The Quest by Octave F. Ursenbach..$2.25

The Story of John Adams and The

American Revolution by Chins Up by Mildred Seydell...... $1.00

Catherine D. Bowen $5.00 Syrian Yankee by Salom Risk..$2.00

The Magic Story..$100

Ivanhoe by Sir Walter Scott $2.75

M MenGleaner The Autobiography of

KonTiki by Thor Heyerdahl $4.00 Benjamin Franklin $1.25

Plymouth Adventure by Ernest Gebler $1.00 Explorer

The Mormon Miracle by Grace Johnson $.50 Jacob Hamblin Among the

Answer Without Ceasing Indians by Paul Bailey $3.50

by Margaret Lee Runbeck $3.00

John Greenleaf Whittier Mia Maid by John A. Pollard $6.00

One Hundred and One Famous Poems Sun in the Morning by by Roy J. Cook $.50, $1.00, $1.50 Elizabeth Cadell $2.50

Sermons and Missionary Services of Stars in My Crown

Melvin J. Ballard by Joe David Brown $2.75

by Bryant S. Hinckley $2.75

Nikoline's Academy by Bee Hive Margaret Maw $2.50

Spurs for Suzanna Scouts by Betty Cavanna $2.00

Tree of Freedom Waterless Mountain by Rebecca Candill $2.50 by Laura Armer $3.00

FILL YOUR SUMMER WITH READING

THAT WILL ENRICH YOU

A Marvelous Work and A Wonder Greater Dividends from Religion by LeGrand Richards $1.75 by Gerrit de Jong $1.75

Prophecy and Modern Times Fatal Decision by W. Cleon Skousen $1.75 by Dr. Walter M. Stookey $1.75

All these good books—at our local dealers

All prices are subject to change without notice

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1951 513

STEPHEN L RICHARDS

( Concluded from page 499 ) speaks volumes for his uncommon You'll Like It of the law, and his sound judgment, courtesy and other remarkable qualhe has filled many delicate assignities of character.

ments before leaders of government Though his load has been heavy, and business, of which the Church and his health not too robust, he as a whole generally has never has been able to keep up his schedheard. He has verily been its amule because he knows how to

bassadorat-large to pave the way relax. He bears none of the scars

for many understandings which of this "age of ulcers."No picture

have since been of great conseto him is more inviting than smooth

LUMBERJACK quence. water cut at the bow of a trim boat.

SUNDAE In the interest of missionary work He can talk with expert knowledge

A quick, easyand economicalsummertime dessert. he has traveled over the earth, on hulls, engines, and propeller

Just pour chilled Lumberjack Syrup over ice cream. visiting not only all parts of the pitch. He loves the pulse of a

. if with nuts, desired. chopped oldtime Top Real the at trolling set speed and States, but also South motor United

flavor maple makes your meal complete. Children lively tug of a line grabbed by a America, Europe, and Palestine.. love a..You'll Lumberjack like it, too! Sundae fish. He is familiar with the waters For years he has sat as a member of Great Salt Lake and Fish Lake

through of the missionary committee in in of Nevada, Utah, Lake Mead of all matters hands pass whose of the Yeland and Hebgen Dam appointment of mission presidents lowstone Lake in Montana.

and missionaries. And since its Always carefully attired, you will

inception in 1935, he has served as find him of a summer day in soft chairman of the Church radio, pubwool shirt and trousers, both neatly licity, and mission literature compressed, but casual, walking where mittee. In this latter capacity he sunlight filters through tall Douglas

has directed the manifold radio fir or sitting before the snug fire activities of the Church, which in that burns in the grate of a modest the last fifteen years have multiplied mountain cabin.

by well over a hundred times. The With him always will be his

tools of missionary work have been life's companion. For fiftyone

greatly expanded, and missionary years this strong, able man and this labors generally have been made lovely, gracious woman have shared more efficient. sorrow and triumph. Together they

He has represented the Church have buried a baby daughter and a on the boards of important business promising son, both killed in tragic institutions, and in numerous other accidents. Together they have

ways his good judgment has proridden a jeep over the rough roads tected its trust funds and investof Brazil and stood at the site of ments. the Savior's birth in Palestine. ToHe is respected wherever he gether they have worked long hours

goes, and he reciprocates that reat difficult tasks, and together they spect. Perhaps this is one of the have mingled at ease with wealthy

secrets of his great success. His and important society. Hand in

courtesy is unfailing. If I may be hand for more than half a century

pardoned a personal observation, I these two have walked the road of have worked under his immediate life, enjoying its beauties, meeting direction for more than a dozen its burdens, loving its adventure,

Active summer days demand nourishing years, in a room adjoining his. and helping others along the way.

breakfasts! Serve waffles or hot cakes often Though he has been my chief, and The Lord has selected and pre-

... with delicious Nalley's Lumberjack I his subordinate, he has never pared his leaders well. Stephen L

Syrup. Best you ever tasted! come through my door without Richards is an affirmation of that

knocking. That, in my judgment, fact.

HEART OE THE HOUSE

(Concluded from page 509) Thinking that the greater part;

recipe on the very top of the file for daily use as long as I live, But she was wiser far than he:

Helen."She was content to be its heart.'

"Oh, you mean the little verse:

'I am the head of this house,'he That was Aunt Kate's recipe for said, a happy marriage."

514 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"What are you doing to save our oil resources?"

People are Concerned these days about America's supply of crude oil. They say, "If petroleum resources are beginning to run out, we ought

to be careful to make them go as far as possible. What are you big companies

doing to save our oil resources?"

Here's the answer to that question. Known crude oil reserves are

actually 30 % greater today than in 1940. And in addition to making new discoveries, the oil industry—Standard Oil Company of California along with

others—is making each well and each barrel of oil yield more and more. Competition makes us produce and refine efficiently. Here are some of the ways we do it:

Remember the gusher? Years ago We also prevent waste by tapping

new wells were allowed to erupt. But oil pools which used to be out of

oil men found ways to stop this waste. reach. Through research into drilling

And now they extract three new techniques we make holes curve, to fuels from the gas mixture. reach under mountains, for example.

Time was when only natural presLatest techniques help us in warNatural gas, a byproduct of oil sure lifted oil to the surface. Wells ring on waste. Standard uses a new production, was once merely wasted.

often "went flat."We now use huge "electronic brain"to compute best But oil companies long ago learned

systems to pump pressure back in, way to drill oil fields for greatest how to capture it, put this energy recovering much oil formerly lost. yield 25 years or more into the future. to work, and conserve oil resources.

1 Cl LjIR> tO JlYTIOIU.. * You may have heard that a suit has been

filed by the Antitrust Division in Washington in an effort to break up

Standard of California as well as six other West Coast oil companies. Many

people have written us protesting this action, and many have asked pertinent questions about our activities. We answer all letters individually, but some

points seem of general interest. We take this way of discussing them for

And research in refining helps. everyone. If you have a question, we urge you to write

In 1920, Western refineries were getting less than 7 gallons of gasoline "I'd Like to Know"from each barrel of crude. They now

get 20 gallons of far better gas. 225 Bush Street, San Francisco 20, California

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

JULY 1951 515 At Your Service! "MoreReligious-Readinf

Campaign Whatever your {Continued from page 505) motoring year. exceeded This any previous

requirements, listing indicates that the stakes or

Utoco is ready missionstheir qualifyinghave reachedquotas.or exceeded

for you! The missions reached a new high

mark in homes receiving the Era.

A total of nearly fifteen thousand homes in the missions of United

States, Canada, Mexico, and Better Hawaii have the "Voice of the

Church"each month. Car Care

Here's the lineup for today's better car performance: Servicemen's Subscriptions

UTOCO IMPROVED GASOLINE for finest intermountain performance—in either Ethyl or Regular. Contributing substantially to the

UTOCO PREMIUM MOTOR OIL—for the engine of total subscriptions in the campaign

your valuable car. were those sent to servicemen.

ATLAS TIRES, BATTERIES AND ACCESSORIES—top While subscriptions lagged for sevquality in every line. eral months, they came in at a

SPECIALIZED LUBRICATION. Your Utoco dealer is generous rate near the end of the

trained to give your car individual attention... campaign and finally exceeded the

special service. three thousand mark. While this

TRAVEL INFORMATION. Get answers to travel quesreflects a commendable increase, it

tions from Utoco dealers, who know local points of still leaves a large number of servinterest, road conditions, good places to dine and sleep. icemen for whom subscriptions

have not been entered. Southern

FREE! servicemen'sStates Missionsubscriptions,led the Churchwhilein

led all the stakes. "Highway Adventures"Inglewood

—Page after page of suggestions on places Stake Servicemen's Subscriptions

to go. This book is yours without charge

from your Utoco dealer... And ask for (Stakes with 50 or more)

the new Fishing Calendar too. It shows 1. * Inglewood, 94; 2. *North Davis,

you the best days for fishing, and it's a 93; 3. *Juab, 88; 4. *Rigby, 88; 5.

handy size for your pocket. * South Davis, 86; 6. West Jordan, 86;

7. Yellowstone, 86; 8. *Glendale, 85;

9. * South Los Angeles, 81; 10. *Big

42nd Year of Progress Horn, 79; 11. Blackfoot, 72; 12. * South

Idaho Falls, 70; 13. Nebo, 66; 14.

15. 65; 16. Kolob, 65; *Long

17. Pocatello, 18. 62; * BeaLET'S CO—WITH UTOCO UTOCO Beach,* Alpine,65;

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY 59;ver, 21.61; East19. * Liberty,Jordan, 61;58; 20.22. * Murray,Millard,

58; 23. Palmyra, 56; 24. Mt. Ogden,

54; 25. *Park, 54; 26. San Diego, 54;

Oh boyTea Garden Reserves j Star27. Ogden,Valley, 53;50. 28. Millcreek, 51; 29.

* Starred stakes report sending the

Era to every serviceman. North

Jordan Stake also reports one hundred m TFA percent.

Mission Servicemen's Subscriptions (Missions with 10 or more) GARDEN

Quality California,1. Southern47;States,3. Central187; 2.States,Northern38;

.: 4. Northwestern States, 24; 5. TexasLouisiana, 21; 6. Central Atlantic

States, 19; 7. Eastern States, 19; 8.

North Central States, 15; 9. California,

Prime fruit, pure sugar and careful, smallbatch preparation 14; 10. West Central States, 14; 11.

make Tea Garden Preserves everyone's favorite! Great Lakes, 10.{Continued on page 518)

516 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Now! Do all your ironing in the

most pleasant room in your home

on this beautiful Ironnle

No need to iron in the gloom of the basement, or in an overcrowded utility room! This stunning Ironrite Cabinette,

in your choice of blonde or dark mahogany, lets you iron in any room in the house. Matches your fine furniture!

Underneath the handsome hood is A demonstration

Ironrite, the ironer that's not a mangle will convince you... the ironer that irons anything you

can wash! Leaves nothing to finish by We want you to see this magnificent

hand! Unbelievable? Drop by and ask de luxe ironer yourself. Come in. Ask

for a free demonstration of this wonder about our budget terms.

appliance! No obligation to buy.

SEE ONE OF THESE IRONRITE DEALERS FOR A FREE DEMONSTRATION OF THIS AMAZING TIME AND LABOR SAVER

UTAH DEALERS H. D. SPARROW CO Roy

BEERSBIGELOW CO., 129 South Main Salt Lake City UNION FURNITURE CO Bountiful

HELPER FURNITURE COMPANY Helper UTAH APPLIANCE CO., 32 East 1st North Provo

CLARK'S, 181 South State Street Salt Lake City

MONTROSE'S, 33 Federal Avenue Logan IDAHO DEALERS

MORRISON BROTHERS, 905 South State Salt Lake City FOSTER'S INC., 816 Bannock St Pocatello

PRICE TRADING COMPANY Price SAM JONES FURNITURE CO....Blackfoot

J. G. READ BROS. CO., 24th and Kiesel Ogden HOME LAUNDRY EQUIP. CO., 427 Center St Pocatello

GORDON E. WILKINS, INC. Intermountain Distributors 142 South Fifth West

Salt Lake City, Utah JULY 1951 517 "MORERELIGIOUS-READING"CAMPAIGN

Missionaries Asked (Continued from page 516) The Era to Every Serviceman

For Highest number for missions or

Extraordinary This Citations 187 to stakes—Angeles and South Los Book! Stake, by again placing Young

Southern States every ward in the Hall of Fame with the Era in every home, shared Records made last year by South'honors with Southern States MisAngeles Los and ern States Mission Stake. sion Los Angeles South and Printed citation ex- a won, which by Request Stake record: Stake's is Young Here traordinary for each group and

Leader of Leaders Citation not be thought would which many of in Hall the Fame ward Every in exceeded again were reached Adventist to complete SeventhDay answer A in Every Home Era—The in to the doctrine claims the "MoreRe- Witnesses instances Jehovah'sand both the of stakes the of two One spirit extinction.of campaign. ligiousReading"of this information. Leader to ever win contains OTHER BOOK Church NO

is unbelievable almost the This praise distributionSample unexpected brought twice honors Leaders it. all read praisedendorsed have and by who Stake of Angeles record Los South

is which record the won This in convert. field FIRST mission made COPY it the for for second which won admits minister forSeventh Davis Adventist - Day South multiple honors

highest the award year consecutive best I have argument most"The complete and: Stakeever read."in campaigns: given Era for greatSpecial Honor Investigators Fortifies Missionaries—Satisfies in the in stake the Every

last Defies over est gain Contradiction Citationyear—266% in Every of Hall Era Fame—Theward 9:5', Citation Eccl. Percent Psalms 6:5; Job HundredREAD One

14:12; and Psalms 146:4. Home the equivalent of the Era in every

Citation of Leaders Leader prepared! be Buy this book and home for reference copies Missionaries should have for stakes in Alltime record

and spot delivery—all students and teachers Leader of the Church in Lamantotal

it!need subscriptions—2,262 gift subscriptions—721 of all stakes in percent of ite ORDER Leader FROM NOW Citation Winner (2nd Double or Deseref other book dealers Book—Bookcraft quota Only 50 CENTS place) Total subscriptions 1998 and

stake Leader of to win Only (Discount to missionaries) Percent of Quota—357% for two consecutive honor For autographed write author Leaders copy

CARL I. EDVALSON years Double Honors in Leaders of the

2310 JACKSON AVE. OGDEN, UTAH Winner of Double Citations Church (2nd place)

(first place) for percent of quota Other stakes and missions with and total subscriptions outstanding campaigns include:

Double Honors in Leaders of the Phoenix Stake with a consistent

Church (first place) campaign that won double citations;

The Era to every Serviceman Long Beach, which threatened the

One hundred seventytwo Laleaders right up to the last day;

manite gift subscriptions. Florida, which led in the early days

Southern States Mission greatof the campaign; Inglewood, with

ly exceeded its recordbreaking fresh enthusiasm resembling other achievement of last year. In disdays; Maricopa, which finished sectricts and branches with perfect ond among the Arizona stakes and

records, with the Era in every won two citations; Mt, Ogden, with

home, in total subscriptions, in per- a conversion campaign coupled cent of quota, and in servicemen's with subscriptiongetting; Moapa,

subscriptions, it led the entire not to be denied its place with the

Church. In addition, a new mark leaders; Union, which will bear

was set by including the miscelwatching next year; Yellowstone,

laneous areas of the mission in the entrenched in eighth place on both campaign and making perfect reclists after a spirited campaign; Big

ords there also. Here is the imHorn, home of Lovell Ward, one

pressive record of the Southern of the earliest Hall of Fame wards;

States Mission: and Minidoka, which year after

Every mission district and misyear with little publicity conducts cellaneous area in the Hall of Fame a consistent campaign and finishes citation to crown its efforts.—the Era in Every Home. with a

Leaders of Leaders Citation Space limitations make it impossible

Alltime, allChurch record for to tell of the original and interesting plans used in these and other total subscriptions—4,627

Alltime, allChurch record for stakes.

percent of quota—707% Lethbridge Stake in Canada and

Double Citation Winner Juarez Stake in old Mexico were

MAKERS OF \ Double Honors in Leaders of the the hardluck stakes of the year. In

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS Church (Continued on page 520) 518 THE IMPROVEMENT ER/ in readership in the

The Farm and Garden Section has more readers than any similarpublication in the Mountain West!

Deseret News Farm and Garden covers the entire field of agricul- T HE ture, stock raising, and horticulture with timely articles and news of interest to all Mountain West planters.

Growers have made this popular paper their guide to better production because of its wealth of information for farmers and gardeners by nationally renowned authorities in each field.

Whether you're a farmer, stockman, poultryman, or flower gardener, you'll find the Deseret News Farm and Garden first in interest for you.

THE MOUNTAIN WEST'S FIRST NEWSPAPER!

JULY 1951 519 "MORERELIGIOUS-READING"CAMPAIGN

(Continued page familiar from 518) San Deigo, mond, and UNIVERSITY are leaders, the early as citation of the days campaign names

CLASSES taintyLethbridgefor doubleappearedcitations.to be aIn certhe missedIn thethismissions,year. North Central

Atlantic citation while positions, in total Central subclaimed was BY MAIL.... face of very active competition a States maintains consistently high

its splendid performance scriptions. of repeated the leadJuarez, one

ing gainers during its special camof last year. Great Lakes kept up

Yes, the University Church is as close to paign period, made a strong bid its steady pace with some groups as you your mail box! Brigham Young

University's Home Study Bureau offers but failed. making remarkable showings.

than more courses 200 mail, by each one following a Stake, high Canadian, Angeles Los on the Western full carrying University credit. (Thirtylist last established citations, formula some success double year with five credit hours Study of Home work

may be applied on a Baccalaureate deheld a place on the percent of quota time ago, claimed its usual citation, gree.) list. Chicago, Snowflake, Ben Lowhile Eastern States came back onWrite now for a free catalogue of

Home Study courses. Classes in every

department are offered, including Latterday Saint religious courses.

EACH COURSE CARRIES UNIVERSITY rndlvldiAal jrnteamuiti

CREDIT.

RICHARD L EVANS EACH COURSE IS TAUGHT BY A

B.Y.U. FACULTY MEMBER. \K7e are deeply grateful for all our material blessings and

OVER 200 COMPLETE COURSES TO for the personal freedom which is so essential to CHOOSE FROM.

human happiness. But in all that we are or have or

COURSES IN EVERY FIELD - FROM hope to be, there is one essential element without which all ACCOUNTING TO ZOOLOGY.

else would be as nothing, without which there can be no peace, no protection, no permanence. And this indispensable

ATTENTION element is individual integrity. To paraphrase the old

proverb, "Pride goeth before a fall,"we offer another

VETERANS! one, less euphonious, but equally true: "Dishonor, disIf you are unable to enroll in school honesty, and immorality go before a fall."And one of

prior to July 25, 1951, you may lose your the greatest threats to freedom and to individual enterBill Gl educational benefits. Write us prise is indifference to dishonor and dishonesty, both in to see how you may privretain your ileges through correspondence courses. public and private places. We have become too familiar

with crime and corruption—and too indifferent to it at

times. Of course sometimes when we suddenly see its

HOME STUDY BUREAU insidiousness, with shocked sensibilities we rise in wrath for a brief time, and then too soon relax and let it "leech"upon us again. In weighing and measuring material BRIGHAM YOUNG things, we are not satisfied with mere appearance or

UNIVERSITY approximations,And in matters ofbutmoralswe rigidlyand ofreferhonorto fixedand honesty,standards.in

EXTENSION DIVISION matters of public and private trust, there must likewise be lost. utterly we are standards—or

in of PROVO, UTAH adherenceIndeed, noneto firm,of thefixedthings our way we most cherish life can survive without individual integrity. Efficiency is

'';-: "'>-*-<> <>--.!<m-<>.. mow <>.',m-'< M0-0-W-0<< futile without integrity. Ability is but dross without

integrity. Talent is tragic without integrity. All the

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS products we can produce, all the men we can muster, all the forces we can put forth are unavailing unless we can

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple trust ourselves. It costs much more than money to uncover

sore throat and other minor mouth acts of disloyalty or dishonesty. It costs confidence. Andand throat irritations.

without confidence there is no peace or protection. It

the words of Montaigne: "The corruption of the age is HALL'S REMEDY isn't only a public problem. It is a personal problem. In

Salt Lake City, Utah made up by the particular contribution of every individual i-WBimCiiPKi. man.... There is no substitute for individual integrity.

it there is no peace or safety or assurance. HOTEL LANKERSHIM And without

7th & BROADWAY 2Jke Spoken Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROAD-

6. 1951 IN THE VERY HEART OF CASTING SYSTEM, MAY

LOS ANGELES 520 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to both lists where it has been many times before. Central States, the

new West Central States, Northern California, Northern States, and Northwestern States all were fun for th# Family near the citation lists but were crowded out at the end.

Lamanite Gift Campaign on Any Trip

For the first time in Era campaigns the Lamanite gift subscription plan made a sizable contribution with a total of 2814 gift subscriptions. In the first campaign which included Lamanite

gift subscriptions, a few less than seven hundred were received. More

than that total came this year from one stake—South Davis.

The record in the Lamanite gift subscription plan in this campaign, a most gratifying one even though only a few stakes participated, shows these results:

Stakes

1. South Davis, 721; 2. Rigby, 198;

3. South Los Angeles, 172; 4. Yellowstone, 160; 5 Los Angeles, 90; 6. South

Carolina, 87; 7. Long Beach, 83; 8.

North Rexburg, 83; 9. Minidoka, 78;

10. Moapa, 78; 11. Teton, 76; 12.

South Idaho Falls, 71; 13. Maricopa,

62; 14. Timpanogos, 57; 15. North

Davis, 55; 16. East Rigby, 44; 17. Enriched with Vitamins

Millcreek, 43; 18. Lethbridge, 42; 19.

Young, 39; 20. Murray, 37; 21. Florida, 36; 22. Star Valley, 35; 23. North Table Queen Bread is as its name

Idaho of the table—and it hits the spot for 25. NewFalls,York,28; 23;24. 26.IdahoOquirrh,Falls, 26;21. implies—queen sandwiches on any trip:—a treat the whole family enjoys.

Missions Make your next picnic or trip complete by including 1. Central States, 26; 2. Eastern sandwiches made with Table Queen Bread—full of

States, 13; 3. Southern States, 3; 4. nourishment and flavor.

Northern California, 2; 5. West Central States, 1.

Stakes with Highest Gains ROYAL BAKING COMPANY SALT LAKE AND OGDEN

Over Last Year

With the announcement of a Special Citation to be awarded this year for the first time to the stake An almost indispensable book with the highest gains over the preceding year, the following list for every L.D.S. Home Library

becomes especially interesting:

Percent Gain Gain GOSPEL STANDARDS 1. South Davis 1,518 266 (1) By President Heber J. Grant

2. Long Beach 581 126 (4)

3. Inglewood 565 84 (10)

4. Maricopa 519 169 (2) Every Church home wiH find that this volume speaks with

5. Yellowstone 506 136 (3)

6. Moapa 398 95 (9) inspired forcefulness and understandable wisdom. With full

7. Pasadena 338 121 (6)

8. East Los Angele.5 312 74 (11) 4-color portrait.

9. Florida 207 125 (5)

10. South Carolina 181 103 (8) At your bookstore—$2.25

11. Union 164 104 (7)

( Concluded on following page)

JULY 1951 521 "MORERELIGIOUS-READING"CAMPAIGN (Concluded from preceding page) more than eight hundred subscripGlendale, 528; Seattle, 526; SugarThe Era OneThousand Club tions, are as follows: house,Union, 523;511; Florida,Grant, 504;517; NorthWilford,Jordan,513;

Boise, 500; Idaho 502; Subscriptions Tooele, 502; estabAnother mark was new Mission, President, Lakes Great 500. Falls, 500; Wells,lished thouin stakes one exceeding 907; President, Moapa, 912; First Vice

stakes subscriptions.sand Such President, Yellowstone, Vice beSecond is in order President, Big Horn, A word of explanation 895; Third Vice mythical Eracome members of the

"OneThousand Club."The offi892; Secretary, Eastern States Mishere. Citations in the recent camsion, Secretary, MariAssistant 878; the ten for announced paign werecers and members for 195152 are 860; copa, Treasurer, Rigby; category in each stakes 811; highestthese: Davis, Assistant Treasurer, North of percent subscriptions total and 805.

Subscriptions quota. Also it was announced that

President, Southern States Mission, Members ten stakes in each group would be

Lethbridge, 798; South 791; Ogden, President, First4,627; South Vice citawins a stake honored. When

Falls, 771; 772; Los Angeles, 2,262; Stake, Second Angeles Vice IdahoLos awards both groups, tions in both 728; Blackfoot, Canadian Western Stake,President, 1,998; Davis South

Third Vice President, Long Beach Mission, 722; North Central States appear on the one citation. In

Stake, 1,242; Secretary, Inglewood Mission, 713; Bonneville, 695; Weber, order that a total of ten stakes

Stake, 1,214; Assistant Secretary, 690; Central States Mission, 667; shall receive citations under the

Phoenix Stake, 1,212; Treasurer, Mt. West Central States Mission, 664; established plan, for each double

645; San Diego, 1,043; Assistant 654; Mesa, Stake, TreasLiberty,Ogden

630; citation winner, another stakeurer, Minidoka, 637; 640; Hillside, Atlantic Central States Mission,

i,oio! Ben Lomond, 619; Park, 613; North moves up and receives a citation

Idaho Falls, 612; East Los Angeles, even though it may not have been

The FiveHundred Club 608; Northern California Mission, 606; among the ten highest on either

585; South Ogden, 586; West Jordan,

list. States Mis584; Northwestern With far too many names to list, Ensign,

the Era "FiveHundred Club"also sion, 582; Kolob, 576; East Central This same rule applies in the

missions, but because of the smallerreached a new high in membership. Statession, 574;Mission,TexasLouisiana576; CaliforniaMission,MisFifty-five stakes and missions 573; South Salt Lake, 571; Pocatello, number of missions, only four in

reached or exceeded five hundred 568; Murray, 564; Pasadena, 561; each group are awarded citation

subscriptions. The officers, all with Star Valley, 556; North Rexburg, 535; honors.

"\ "The heritage of every child (pAcd&sL from Guidance Experts

The CHILD'S WORLD portrays beauti- "Children are finding a great deal of pleasure in poring that the material should in fully pictures and story their basic over child. educated CHILD'S WORLDbe assuresthe heritageevery ofchildeverythe wellposcultural heritage. sibility of such having heritage."a

: Neuropsychiatry—Ralph M. Stolzheise,and Child GuidanceM.D.

From the day a child is born his mental welfare is influenced, even sets of CHILD'S for nine "Please enter our order more world's sights introducunawares, sympathetic by the and sounds. A

purpreviously in tion sets to This to addition the ten cultural responsibility vital to the of WORLD. is the heritage the world

- chased."supplementary - - "theseis each as parent, books are invaluable teacher.... and each

material and excellent for remedial work in the Elementary

THE CHILD'S WORLD can assume part of this burden. Helps eager minds to grades."

travel beyond their domestic orbit, with real literature, simple science.—R. A. Galloway, Supt.

Community Unit District No. 3

REASONING with a child's PROGRESSING from familiar beginnings to more comCamp Point, III.

viewpoint the plex has been superintendent, country a experience as a teacher, my total of CHILD'S superschool high state city superintendent, school and aid andrealities,benefit.these six volumes become of ageless a"From WORLD.effort

I so visor, promises wonderful seen a nothing which have

LOW PRICE plan of guidance andCommitteehelp."—E.onT.Education,Dunlap, ChairmanState of Oklahoma

EASY TERMS Your Child Deserves the Benefit of our NEW

Child Guidance Program and educational helps through elementary grades.

Handsomely Bound f.** DuPontExtra StrongFabricoidBackboneBinding LargeBeautifullyReadableIllustratedType

fc High Quality Enamel Paper Cross Reference Index f jrJB& Send for DETAILS and FREE Sample Page

THE CHILD'S WORLD, 308 W. Washington St., Chicago

6 volumes 1 Stories of Childhood 4 The World and Its Wonders Send me without obligation full details on how we can 2 People and Great Deeds 5 Countries and Their Children own and benefit from THE CHILD'S WORLD. 3 Plant and Animal Ways 6 Guide—Index

Name.

Address

State. CHILD'S WORLD City

FOR CHILDREN TO READ AND LOVE 522 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Board Members Appointed

(Continued from page 486) Japan. His wife is the former

Jeanne Wright. The couple have

two daughters and a son. Elder

Gunn will be subject to call from the other committees to assist them with their art problems.

pUDER Wendell E. Adams, who

the of Scout becomes a member 4dT. < k "A at Layton,committee, born was

Utah, the son of Elder and Mrs.

J. S. Adams. He is a graduate of

the University of Utah and holds his master of business administration degree from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. His Church activities have

been in Layton, Berkeley (where he served as a member of the ward

M. I. A. superintendency, and later

as a member of the Mutual superintendency of the Oakland Stake), and Salt Lake City. He is now a

member of the East Ensign Ward,

Ensign Stake. His wife is the

former Ramona Shepherd, and the 'Q/onde* <S?W <22W'

couple have three sons and a daughter. kMwt -&n4f -&&u% -a- oJ<m6&m,v package

These Times crea olmondsand ( Concluded from page 482 the Department and Undersecretary Canaer{uV.

of State, and as Ambassador to Mexico is wellknown. Should three such

men as Presidents McKay, Richards, and Clark appear in the leadership of any modern nation, business organization, or other society, the wisdom of the choice would be apparent. What

futurethe or can bring no may man CHOCOLATES asknows. But Elder wrote Whitney

thirty years ago:

The work of the Lord is always proGLADE CANDY COMPANY - SALT LAKE CITY ing—notgressing, andits principles,consequentlynoralwaysits aims;changbut

its plans, its instruments, and its methods ofprocedure. * * * * * DRINK Make Stephen's Motor Hotel

11955 Wilshire Blvd.

In these times the men of this world, West Los Angeles 25, Cal.

searching for an organizing principle, A delightful YourlocationHeadquartersnear our newwhiletemplein L.site.A. FiveExcellentmincool. for beverage Wonderfully ocean. fhos utes to No smog.may be well advised to say: hot

or wire write Reservations For coffee. don't drink who

Bott, Jorgensen Nettie Owner... Come, and let us go up to the AT YOUR GROCERS Centrally located for vacation enjoyment.

mountain of the Lord, and to the house of the God of Jacob; and he will teach us

of his ways, and we will walk in his paths: for the law shall go forth of

Zion, and the word of the Lord from For Your Reading Pleasure

Jerusalem. 4:2). (Micah

Each Month of the Year All our hours are constantly striking. the can help Presidency new We

in for, ready; being "The for the THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Man

Hour will be ready whenever the Hour 12 Issues $2.50

strikes."JULY 1951 523

Sevier High Priests Complete WEBER ELDERS HAVE WORKABLE TEMPLE PROJECT 1,081 Endowments in Single Day Members of the third quorum of council, and friends of the quorum.

elders of the North Weber There have been times when it last May the high priests ( Utah ) Stake residing in the has been rather difficult to keep Early of the three Sevier stakes, Wilson Ward are justly proud of this fine record unbroken. EspecialNorth Sevier, Sevier, and South the accomplishments of their temple ly was this true during World War

Sevier, sponsored a full day of work project, which has been in II when gas rationing required careendowment work at the Manti operation for over eleven years and ful planning. Except for three

Temple. Their goal for the day was was directed by four quorum presimonths, an excursion was made, alone thousand endowments. The dencies during that time. though on two other occasions, one

widows of high priests in those Elder S. R. Cunningham, a memcouple only went to the temple.

stakes were invited guests. ber of the North Weber Stake Temple ordinances have been

It took a great deal of cooperahigh council in January 1940, done for over ten thousand persons tion and coordination between the charged the quorum presidency and during the eleven years of quorum ward genealogical committees, the members with the responsibility of activity. Included in this total were

priesthood quorums officers and doing temple work, while he was endowments for their own kindred committees, the temple presidency, visiting the quorum. Quorum dead, names furnished by other

and the temple officiators. And President Rulon Walker promised members of the ward, and names

everything went as planned. Brother Cunningham that an excurtaken from missionary lists at the

The day was a memorial for sion would be made, even if he and temple. Many of the quorum memPresident John R. Stewart of the his wife were the only ones to bers and their wives received their

North Sevier Stake high priests'attend some months. ( Brother own endowments while participatquorum. With the priesthood Walker is now the first counselor ing in these excursions.

leaders representing the other two in the ward bishopric. The project has brought a spirstakes, of he had done much the So was the humble beginning. itualbeen aupliftgreattojoytheandquorumsatisfactionand hasto

for sufthis day.groundwork He Over the years the quorum has those who have participated, espefered a heart attack and died besponsored a monthly temple excurcially to the members of the respecfore the excursion day. His first

counselor, William G. Mason, who sion to either the Salt Lake or tive presidencies who have guided Logan Temple. Quorum members the work over the years. Indeed,has since succeeded him as presihave provided transportation in it has been a source of strength indent of the quorum, completed

North Sevier Stake's share of the their cars for all who cared to go the work of the quorum, in addito the temple on the appointed day. tion to rendering a great service to

arrangements.

As many as fortyfive persons have those who have passed to the beTo accommodate these Saints, joined in the activity some months, yond without opportunity to acceptPresident Lewis R. Anderson of

including members of the ward the ordinances of the gospel whilethe Manti Temple arranged for bishopric, stake presidency, high in mortality.eight endowment sessions that day.

These sessions were so arranged sessionsthat three could be com- A SEVENTY FOR OVER SIXTYFIVE YEARS in taken,fortably still leaving time the day for the people to return This letter has come to our attention:

to their homes in the agricultural "Colonia Juarez, Chihuahua, Mexico districts for chore time. Between "While I was living in Pima, Arizona, in 1886, Dr. Seymour B. Young, one

three hundred and fifty and four of the presidents of the First Council of the Seventy, came and organized the hundred members of the three stakes 89th Quorum of Seventy in the St. Joseph Stake. I was ordained a seventy

I was not yet nineteencame to the temple that day. Many onandMarchthe youngest21, 1886oneby inJamesthe R.quorum.Welker of that quorum.

enjoyed the spiritual feast so much "In 1889 our family moved to Colonia Juarez in Mexico and a few years that they stayed for four endowlater Elder Brigham H. Roberts came and organized Quorum 99 in the Juarezment sessions. A total of 1,081 Stake.

endowments were done.. "I became a member, and now at eightyfour years of age I am still a

All agreed that it was a joyous member of the 99th Quorum and have lived in this stake over sixty years. I

occasion, one which will not soon have been a seventy for over sixtyfive years.

be forgotten. Sincerely, "Joel H. Martineau"

524 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA GOOD FOR IDAHO! career to the detriment of the family.

Income suffered and necessities were "pROM the May issue of The Idaho denied. "Pop"set a bad example for

Challenge we learn that a new the boys, but usually Mother couldliquor education setup is created in N0be counted on to keep things straight.

Idaho. Mr. Mahlin S. Hansen is the What a heroine she was!

governor's appointed head of the new But repeal homes are different. The

setup. He is director of Exceptional hand that rocked the cradle clutchesEducation in the administrative DeLIQ10R- the cocktail glass. Arrests of women

partment of Law Enforcement. He for drunkenness have multiplied under

has outlined what The Idaho Chalrepeal. The alcoholic wife and mother

lenge says approvingly is an ambitious is a far too common sight.program directed at the prevention of TOBACCO A police chief saw a fifteenyear-old

alcoholism and narcotic addiction by girl leave a tavern. He knew her andcommunity education. The Alcoholics COLUMN her family. Shocked, he brought the

Anonymous program will be used for intoxicated girl home to her mother at rehabilitation. He is said to be well two o'clock in the morning. Mother,

qualified to direct successfully such a having just come in, berated the chief program. Thus Idaho takes an imfor the indignity he had heaped on her

portant step forward. CONDUCTED BY daughter in bringing her home. The

should be alinsisted the girl F. mother

life herself. learn about lowed to WHAT THE KEFAUVER DR. JOSEPH

COMMITTEE FOUND MERRILL Mix together the lack of discipline, the irresponsible attitude of thousands

Public interest was greatly aroused of parents, and the social acceptance by the findings of the U. S. Senate of liquor in the home, and you have

Crimeinvestigating committee, led by a sickening combination almost imSenator Estes Kefauver of Tennessee. possible for youth to beat.

The Clipsheet, quoting from The But not all homes are in that cateChristian Advocate, published an inthink so, too. Religion and morality gory. There are thousands of Christian

terview with the senator in which he should be inseparable. They are inhomes where sobriety, virtue, honesty,

made surprising statements relative to volved in the conduct of good governgoodwill, obedience, and nonuse of his committee's findings. He is reported ment and good business and in the narcotics are taught and practised.

to have said that the investigations maintenance of high standards in the Pray that they will multiply and thus show that there is an appalling amount political and economic life of the councontinue to be the seasoning, saving of gross income from immoral activities try. Let all good people wake up and element in America.

in the United States today. Much do whatever is feasible to eliminate

of this enormous income is derived the influence of the underworld in our READABLE QUOTES from those least able to participate economic and political affairs.

in gambling and other illegal activities. Dr. Joy Elmer Morgan, editor of the

Estimates of the annual income from ALCOHOL, HOME, AND MOTHER Journal of National Educational Assuch illegal activities run as high as sociation, says, "Drinking in moderathirty billion dollars, which is about Under this heading The National tion is not the solution of our liquor threefifths of the national budget. Temperance Digest publishes a timely problem. It is the main cause of that

The committee found much corruption short article by B. E. Ewing which problem....

of public officials by the underworld we herewith summarize: "The Christian who takes his liquor

element. Further, the committee found The home has more to do with in moderation is pretty apt to take

all too little interest on the part of community and social welfare than his religion in the same way....

local people in seeing to it that their anything else. Nowadays volumes are "Alcohol takes the equivalent of

laws are enforced. published about the great encompass- 1 1,500 persons off the job for two

The senator said there is no doubt ing institutions and movements of sohundred days a year....

that the criminal element is becoming ciety, relative to the field of economy, "Throughout the campaign for the increasingly interested in politics and political ideologies, peace, and -war. repeal of prohibition, advocates of reis acquiring greater influence in politiBut the home does more to mold sopeal promised solemnly and repeatedly

cal circles, both local and national. ciety than all other institutions comthat the evils of the old saloon would

However, the great responsibility for bined. never be allowed to come back. Viewclean government devolves upon the While the home is kept pure, the ing conditions today, it goes without

local communities. It is there that nation is kept sound. saying that No Promise Has Ever

honest and effective law enforcement If America goes down, the real Been More Completely Disreofficials must be placed and kept in cause will be the demoralization and garded!...

office, supported by the good people breakdown of the American home. "The welfare of our nation has been

of the community and continually Formerly Dad pursued his wayward sold down the river by the greedy, scrutinized to see that the laws are enprofit-hungry liquortrust. Not only

forced in the best possible manner. has the saloon returned, but it has

The senator went on to say that been brought back in greater numbers of ourmost good people who proper are want A famous doctor said: andservesin atotreacherousbroaden itsnewcorruptiveness.design which law enforcement also members of our churches. If these people Tobaccosmoking induces a dreamy, The drab swinging doors and sawduat

do not become aroused, very little imaginative, and imbecile state of mind, floors have been replaced by bedazzling neon lights, plush carpeting,will be done at the local level. He producesmental exertion,indolenceandandsinksincapacitythe victimfor

thinks it is upon such people that we into a state of careless or maudlin inand modish interior decorating—all

must depend. Certainly he thinks they activity and selfish enjoyment of his of which is calculated to entice new

should be actively interested. We vice* victims into alcoholic addiction."

JULY 1951 525 Challenging Records

JAMES How to Keep Upto-Date in Aaronic Priesthood, Adult Members

NELSON of Aaronic Priesthood, and Ward Teaching Programs

Curveys and observations reveal the Presiding Bishopric's page in the disappointing fact that a great "Church Section"of The Deseret many leaders, both stake and ward, News, and each month on the Prein the Aaronic Priesthood program, in siding Bishopric's page of The Imthe program for adult members of the provement Era. Every stake and

Aaronic Priesthood, and in ward ward in the Church could keep upto- teaching are working with committee date on every feature of these three organizations and procedures outof- programs if committees on both levels date years ago. would follow the order of business for

James, recently ordained an elder and In the Aaronic Priesthood program, their respective meetings which sugfilling a mission in New Zealand, for instance, some leaders come forth gests full consideration of all such established the very best attendance with the handbook issued in 1941. information.

record possible while coming up Others still go by the 1943, 1947, 1949 Thus items and procedures in handthrough the quorums of the Aaronic handbooks. The latest handbook was books due for revision would be imPriesthood. published January 1, 1949, revised mediately recast if leaders would read,

suggestions and study, the adopt and 1, 1950. January Since ordained was James a deacon in the appearing currently information

Is it is thereat any wonder twelve, until and he an became publications. difficulty abovementioned

in areas? the with at someelder programs nineteen, maintained he a

in all three proUnified procedure perfect attendance record at priestThere is a remedy for this unforgrams suggests that each stake comhood meeting, sacrament meeting, Suntunate situation. However, as with mittee consider, in its respective counday School, and Y. M. M. I. A. the medicine prescribed by the physicil meeting, the items in which it is

Elder Nelson is a member of the cian but never taken, so with the interested, and determine what shouldGlenwood illness for this "outof-date"Ward, Alberta (Canada) remedy before case, then go in each be doneStake, "taken,"if never how can the the sugto set leaders prepared patient ward recover? gestions in motion.

Notice of program changes, sucWe cannot overemphasize this matcess ideas from all over the Church, ter. We are depending upon stake

announcements of new or revised supand ward leaders to follow through plies are published each week on the on these suggestions.

DARRELL V/ELBY Leaders—Adult Members

WARREN Think it Over Tuning the Soul for If you would lead boys-—

Be the kind of leader yo u loved the Master's Touch when you were a boy.

TPhe soul of man is the greatest -L. A. P.

instrument in the world. It is

capable of producing the sweetest doubt, fear, envy, and jealousy with music, the richest and loveliest chords. their resultant discords and replace

It is more sensitive than the finest them with those of faith, hope, hu- k Stradivarius. When properly atmility, and love; to adjust the tuning

diligence, service, of prayer, the of keys instrument tuned, and it becomes is Darrell to anwell on his way atin that soul the perfect the be plays upon Master may and when He best"record.other attendance "very

it in the then put to tunement are divinely and it, the harmonies so sweetSince he was ordained a deacon in and tender that the hosts of heaven hands of the Savior, its rightful 1947, hasSeptember he a one had listen. owner. stop instrument to same The percent attendance recordhundred at

tune, is in rightthe of soul in the the of of hands enemy man When meeting,priesthood sacrament meetresults terrifying magic the touch produces eousness Master's produces

I.ing, School, and Sunday Y. M. M. divine fearful strains discords. of which music anda! lifts The objective of the program for it and guides it upward to exaltation

Darrell is loyal to his presiding the adult members of the Aaronic in the kingdom of God.

father, Bishop Welby S. Warren, Priesthood is to lift the human soul There are many noble instruments

president of the Aaronic Priesthood, from him who delights in discord and awaiting the loving service of you

Mapleton Ward, Kolob (Utah) Stake. prepare it for the Master's touch. It who are advisers to the adult members

These are two remarkable records, is the duty of those who work with of the Aaronic Priesthood. You are

and we commend these two young adult members to consider each soul, the master tuners. Great souls await

men for their faithfulness and for their each fine instrument, to brush from your loving ministrations that the good example in attendance at Church it the dust of despair and procrastinaMaster may play upon them the beautimeetings. tion; to take away the strings of ful harmonies of life.

526 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA =: f-repared bu?lf cU.ee v. [-altmer

wfakwjffiiytyv Adult Leaders A CHALLENGING TEACHERS QUORUM RECORD

Vision, Purpose, Objectives

Essential to Success

T/'now where you are going and then go there. A man who doesn't set

his course, like a ship that has no destination, is liable to end upon the reefs. People are not generally impressed or moved to action by the

meanderer whose course is altered by TEACHERS QUORUM, DOUGLAS WARD, BONNEVILLE STAKE every gentle breeze, who sets out to It's something to be proud of when fifteen out of sixteen teachers qualify tor the Aaronic Priesthood ski at Sun Valley and somehow ends (1950)Individualto makeCertificateit a perfectof Award:individualThe awardsixteenthrecord.member came into the quorum too late in the year

up picking oranges in Florida. Robert C. Dean is president of the quorum with Carl P. Worlsey and Stanley T. Hammond as

The purpose of any interview or counselors.From thisRalphgroupLee andof youngJoseph menS. Savagecame arethe theExplorerenergeticbasketballand faithfulteam quorumwhich wonadvisers.the desirable Allspeech is to get a desired reaction or Church Sportsmanship Trophy for 1950.

reactions from the listener or the one interviewed. Generally, the purposes SMITHFIELD STAKE PRESIDENCY RECOGNIZES PERFECT ATTENDANCE AT PRIESTHOOD MEETING

bearers Thirtyseven of speech are to inform, impress, conPriest- Aaronic the vince, or entertain. persuade, Smiththe from The ofhood

group adviser should have in mind centlyfield Stakerecognizedwere andrewhat he wants to accomplish over a honored by Stake Presilong period of time and what he wants dentand Georgehis counselors,L. Rees

Griffin and F. visit, to Stanley the specific accomplish with

tor Hansen, L. Morris lesinterview plan the or the and a maintained having

son accordingly. He should decide priesthoodperfect attendancemeeting durat

which purpose or combination of ing the year 1950.

purposes should be aimed at, and inauguratedThe stake presidencythe proplan his presentation to get the desired gram in January 1950, reaction. andfect attendancethirtysevenrecordsper-

Having the goal in mind is not the wasSeventhe result.boys were abonly important thing. The power, the sent when the picture

force, the determination to reach it wasHeretaken.is more proof

be done"can that "it It just are profitis just as essential. as

lead. leaders

less carefully try shoot when to to aim and with an empty gun as to shoot aimlessly with force at the side of a mounINGLEWOOD STAKE ENTERTAINS tain. ADULT MEMBERS OF AARONIC

Group advisers, don't let your interPRIESTHOOD views be aimless, haphazard conversaAaronicOne hundredPriesthoodand (below)fifty adultweremembersrecent ofgueststhe tions, but plan your work and work of the Inglewood (California) Stake committee in your plan. Get worthy objectives in athesociallovelywhicheveningstill ofcallsfellowshipup specialandmemoriesentertainof

contacts mind in making your with ment.

The consisted program of the of showing of Priestthe Aaronic adult members films depicting the trek of the pioneers Mormon hood and then give the firing force across7950 footballthe plainsclassicin 1847of theandLoshighlightsAngeles ofRams,the and power necessary to penetrate the addresses by members of the stake committee, shells of indifference and lethargy, and duetCentinelaby BishopWard, andand Mrs.the Fayever X.popularBybee refresh-(right),

ments. lift the souls of those with whom you

Another worthy example that "It can be done"work. leaders lead. when

JULY 1951 527 "MYP/US/"White SterTtiiamano ana Jsfou/ fv/vick l/i/e (Lxpect ajar ofmayo/matse/ of WlotLi* RICHARD L EVANS Tt is amazing how much we expect of mothers, and how much they are of all that we expect. There is no

career so demanding, no profession so filled with diverse duties. First of all they offer themselves as sacrifice to

bring us into the world. We expect them then to nurse

and nurture us, to be our first teacher, to tell us of life and of its moral and spiritual and material truths. We

expect them to clothe and feed us, to guide us and guard us, to listen to our long stories, to cherish our hopes, to keep our confidences, to fall in with our moods, to take on our troubles, to understand our sorrows; to be the buffers

With a jar of mayonnaise between us and our misunderstandings with others; to

and several cans of White Star be the restrainers of our overenthusiasm, and the enBrand tuna in the cupboard... a couragers of our days of despondency, and to have the

gal's ready for scores of delicious answer to all our problems. We expect them to beautify

mealtime salads, lunch -time our homes, to welcome our friends, to be the gracious sandwiches or jiffytime party hostess, the lovely lady, to be cateress and shopping con- "whipups."White Star Brand is sultant, to know the price and the value of almost everythe tuna high in bodybuilding thing—and to be all this and to do all this on a limited

protein, rich in fluorine and other allowance. We expect them to be young and modern, yet

vital food elements. "Bite Size"wise with the wisdom of age; to set before us an example

(Green Label) tuna is ideal for of virtue and patience and high qualities of character, and to live a life of unselfish service; to be doctor and many recipes. For solid pack style, nurse, the seamstress and the servant in the house; to do

get White Star Brand (Blue the menial and manual things and yet stay lovely and

Label) tuna. alert—to do all this with their hands and with all their

hearts. All this and much more unmentioned we expect of

CoronadoTuna Salad Bowl mothers. Sometimes we take them for granted in the

2 cans White Star Brand Tuna years of our youth. It seems that they have always been

salt tablespoons lemon juice 3 Vh teaspoons

V teaspoon pepper Tabasco Dash Sauce there, and we assume sometimes that they always will 1 cup of sliced celery 3 or 4 ripe tomatoes be. But for most of us, before we have lived through

Vi cup mayonnaise Greens Salad life, we see still hands that once were seldom still and Marinate seasonings. tuna in lemon juice and

Arrange tuna, celery, tomatoes which have listen for sounds that are silenced, for sounds that once and mayonnaise on a been quartered, salad greens in a salad serving, bowl. Before bed of softened every pain, and for songs that once were sweetly

toss all ingredients together as desired. Serves 6 or more. lightly. Garnish sung. And then there grows upon us an awareness of

how much we have expected of mothers. Some, forVAN CAMP SEA FOOD COMPANY, INC. tunately, have mothers with them yet, to show them love

Terminal Island, California and appreciation in the present. But some of us must

now remember "the still sweet fall of music far away"with faith that there shall come a time when we can see and say to them once more what we have been holding in our hearts.

Jne J)poken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM. MAY 13, 1951

ARTISAN

By Beulah Huish Sadleir

the golden fire. While sun made filigree; A GARDEN spider wove a web of dainty All day he spun it back and forth

craftsmanship, incredible His was a lacy ladder, from rose to It was

Crabapple tree. And he built from his hearts desire.

528 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Brigham Young and the

Transcontinental Telegraph Line for Keeps/ (Concluded from page 511)

The high cost of telegraphic servYour Wedding Album Uur UielsJiWO.

ice prohibited its widespread use for... perfect for those

commercial purposes at first. A precious pictures

tenword message from Salt Lake

City to New York City cost $10.00

during the first week of operation, $7.50 for the next year or two, and

$6.75 until 1869, after which the

prevailing rate was $5.50. The

charge had declined to $1.50 by

1880. 14 The contributions of the Church and its members to the telegraph in a number of styles ICtah'Photo with the condid not endindustry $4.70 to $8.70 Co. Materials transcontinental ofstruction the 3-1404 West South Temple Ph Filled 27 Mail Orders Promptly

line. On the very day communicaSalt Lake City, Utah

tion was opened between Salt Lake

City and the East, Brigham Youngand the Church leadership were HERE'S SHAMPOO ==- planning the construction of a The going's grand northsouth territorial line connectwhen your vacation's planneding all settlements, which was to NEWS!

run more than a thousand miles. *.<bThis line became the Deseret State C17V7 In a

Telegraph. It was a ChurchVelvety Cream That Makes

sponsored cooperative project in Hair Look Like Silk which thousands of "temporal misYou've no idea how sionaries"played an important part lovely your hair can in its creation and operation. It be until you see what

remained in the hands of the Saints this new shampoo until February 1900 when it was can do! The and GREYHOUND'S

sold to Western Union. egg works

wonders! "Bancroft, Hubert Howe, History of Utah, 15401886. San Francisco: The History Company, PubYour money back if not Vacation

771. Neff, op. Also p. lishers, 1889,

cit., op. Deseret p. 369; News,eft., 28p. Sept.730; delighted with results! Thompson, 1869. Planning

creamed ServiceEvidences and Reconciliations shampoo with *2% Powdered Egg is free!

{ Continued from page 495 7. Dr. David Starr Jordan, first Greyhound's Vacation Planning

Service guarantee is your of aPresident of Stanford University, delightful vacation! Everything 8

author,educator, and naturalist: is wish planned just as you use L. Be hotels, special transportation, 'new spethe created "None of

cies'of plant or animal I know of for the hair Asksightseeing—forfor FREE folder.one low cost.

would last five years in the open;.... the dressing

nor is there the slightest evidence that makes hair SEE YOUR that any 'new species'of field or handsome... keeps GREYHOUNDAGENT

forest or ocean, ever originated it well groomed! TODAY

from mutation, discontinuous variation or hybridization."

8. Sir Ambrose Fleming, internationally famous physicist, President of the Philosophical Society

9 FOR OFFER... GOOD WEof Great Britain: Berry Genuine HEALTHBrand Find about out A COMPLETE for free literature. Write Yeast. Brewery certain qualities in the "Note SERVICE (quantity ENGRAVING plus per pound, postage $1.00

available). smallest species, not thehuman Portraits to Missionary From Selection of Food Today Gives the Largest discounts"Proper Catalogues. Health Tomorrow."You in the animal appears trace of which

Attention Prompt Mail Orders Given B. H. Berry Laboratories (Continued 530) page on

8David Starr Jordan, Science, October 22, 1922, UTAH ENGRAVING CO. Box Phone188, Montebello,Union 1-0084Calif.

-H8. p. 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah

> 9Sir Ambrose Fleming, Evolution or Creation?

London, p. 75.

JULY 1951 529

Evidences and Reconciliations Your Every Musical Need

Promptly and Courteously (Continued from page 529) Filled at species. Thus, no animal has ever

made any weapon or tool to help its bodily endowments. It fights BEESLEYS

with teeth and claws, horns, tusks, or hoofs. But it makes no military MASON and HAMLIN

weapon of any kind. Nor has any The Stradivari of Pianos

animal made a tool—spade, rake,

knife, hatchet, axe, or saw. No KNABE

animal makes itself any artificial The Piano of the Metropolitan Opera dress, hat, or coat, shoes, or ornament to improve its appearance; nor EVERETT

does it dress or arrange the hair The finest toned, medium on its head. But all of the very priced spinet pianos built

earliest things. do these humans

CABLE - NELSON to animal had discovered how No spinet Beautiful pianos in produce fire or even to maintain the low priced field it.... The animal mind or intellect is static or limited. It never

progresses beyond a certain point. Band Instruments

On the other hand, the human mind Sheet Music is extremely progressive, selfedu- and Everything Musical

I've got 3 good cative, and assimilative. Uncultured races of men brought into

reasons for buying contactquickly withadoptmoretheiradvancedachievements,races, BEESLEY70 South Main MUSICSalt LakeCO.City

customs, modes of thought, and Phone 4-6518,.. Animals have not deUTAH'S PIONEER MUSIC HOUSENalley's Beef Stew habits.

veloped the powers of speech or

It's chock full of beef rational thought."

9. zoologist, T. H. eduMorgan, tender and—lean and BfeTEETH a cator, of the Nationand member chunky; and browned... Beer badFOR J.>"-.BEST in rich juice, simmered al nuof Sciences, and Academy

blended with merous other organizations: 10.WHALES?

"It seems to me that the idea that

carrots,—potatoes,Fresh garden vegetables ancestral stages have been pushed and back into the embryo, and that the freshonions; crisp,

picked to give embryo recapitulates in part these Oregon Chain with FastFile Toofh? Best for

ancestral adult stages, is, in princiyour power saw! Speedy cutting! Fastfiling!

Old fashioned flavor ple, false."ChipperLong lasting!Chain withAsk FastFileyour dealerToothfor, theOregonstandard replacement chain for all saws. Or write

direct—to which Nalley's add 10. Dr. Karl Vogt, of Geneva, to factory specifying make, saw bar

special chef -blended a 1-7. Desk Address zoologist; associated with length. German

Chain Oregon With Goes Any Saw the bring to gravy you in preparation Agassiz with Any of his work Saw Oregon Chain GOES best Beef have Stew you 11

THIS - FOR SIGN IOOK fishes: on tasted ever

"This law which I long held as

QUICK—SIMPLY HEAT AND EAT wellfounded, is absolutely and OREGON

Corp. Chain radically false."Saw

m "'FRSTftlf **n SPECIALISTS SAW CHAIN 11. Professor Adam Sedgwick, 15 881 6 S. E. 1 7th Ave., Portland 1, Ore.

eminent embryologist of England:

"After fifty years of research and PROFITABLE DAYS close examination of the facts AHEAD FOR of embryology, the recapitulation theory is still without satisfactory. QUISH

12. Sir Arthur Keith, President, GRADUATES

Royal Anthropological Institute: 13 trainingCapitalizenowt onYou'llQUISHbe a

"Now that the appearance of the competentgraduated.beauticianQUISH whenprovides with technical is at you all stages embryo human

skill and gained knowledge ENROLL feeling general is one of known, the in 25 SEND FOR NOW FREE TODAY! years.CATALOG

1UT. H. Morgan, Evolution and Adaptation,

83. p. OF SCHOOL

Arthur 12Adam Sedgwick,I. Brown,Darwinismop. cit., andp. Modern17. Science, BERUTV391 SOUTHCULTUREMAIN

174. p. laSir Arthur Keith, "The Human Body."530 m THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

disappointment; the human embryo

at no stage is anthropoid in appearance."

13. Herbert Spencer, philosWALLS ARE BEING FRESHENED

opher: 14 WITH THE WONDERFUL NEW "The facts of paleontology cannever suffice either to prove or ONECOAT, FASTDRYING PAINT

disprove the developmental hypothesis."

14. Professor L. T. More, already cited, quotes Charles Darwin: 15

"The belief in natural selection must at present be grounded entirely on general considerations.

When we descend to details, we can prove that no species has changed: nor can we prove that AND BENNETT'S

supposed changes are beneficial, NEW DEEPTONE which is the groundwork of the COLORS theory."15 NO BRUSH MARKS, NO STREAKS OR

In his Origin of Species, Darwin LAPS. SOLID AND VELVETYSMOOTH.

wrote: NOT A WATERTHINNED PAINT. PER-

"Geology assuredly does not reFECTLY WASHABLE.

veal any such finely graduated organic chain; and this, perhaps, is

seriousthe obvious obmost and 65BENNETTSWEST FIRST SOUTH SALT LAKE CITYjection against which urged can be the theory of natural selection."and at all Bennett's Branches and Dealers

15. William Bateson, English

zoologist: 115

"So we went on talking about evolution. That is barely forty

years ago; today we feel silence to

be the safer course.... Discussion

evolutionof end an came to *& *tMade mh beboy.HOMrAA—that progcause no it was obvious

ress was being made....

16. Thompson, Dr. J. A.

tist, scienJam & Jelly educator, author: 17 and

"We are more keenly aware than PECTIN in of Darwin's our ignorance day affiliation of the EJHIXEM the originas to and greater classes...."

MISSIONARIES, SERVICEMEN and Clearly the theory of evolution ALL has added nothing to our underCHURCH MEMBERS standing of the beginning of things. CanDefendYou asThea LatterdayDoctrines ofSaintYourExplainChurchand

The ancient view that God is the From the Holy Bible?

things is still the of allCreator BIBLE itbest, is true. because KNOW50 VITAL RELIGIOUSTHEQUESTIONS

Answered by 700 BIBLICAL QUOTATIONS

Families and for "Singlemember"Ideal Illustrations Spencer, Universal "Herbert of

Investigators 376. Progress, p.

L.D.S. of Church teachings In with harmony or E. 15Major Evolution Fact C. Wren, Cloth $1.50 Pages 216 $1.00 Paper Fiction? INSURANCE 9394. London, pp.

9192. Ibid.', pp. B. BENJAMIN ALWARD "Ibid., p. 89. the for Salt Lake City 3, Utah Ave. 148 First give WEST an extra agents local KOLOB 300 Bookcraft) Co.; Deseret Book (Or

in combringing sound and "edge"plete INSURANCE SERVICE to Utah,

Idaho, Montana and Nevada.

A GENERAL INSURANCE AGENCY HEADQUARTERS FOR L. D. S.

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I I YE KING'S REST MOTEL 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET FRANk SALISBURY, Mgr. Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

JULY 1951 531

5un Shepherd, EDITOR -

Inexpensive Hobbies upsLaterofhershellsunusualin variouspicturespositions.became

(how to use your mind instead of your money) heldnoted,unlimitedand shesatisfactionfound her forhobbyher.

The daily newspaper may be the source pleasant hobbies at of many oLiion f\ot>erh v-$u7 oLudia very cost. small people How many

anything about the know hundreds ["OBBIES are so expensive!"herself suggestions for her and of in newspapers published other said a friend of mine. friends in practical ways. cities, states, nations? and exAn "Either the cost of materials ifaH built are Hobbies fun upon dailies of these change or weeklies is too high or books courses simple and materials at hand. Simple might enlarge anyone's contacts for training take time more materials like shells and stones, and interests. visit and to the news- A Imoney than afford."can seeds sticks and have been mixed paper of library a public room

But her best chance for a hobby with ideas and ingenuity with surwould give addresses of publishers, growing right was eyes, her prisingly under successful results. In a a and cents few be the would only

if it. she had realized seaside owner The town, col- a young woman cost for unusual an library home of a greenhouse given her had a lected shells of various kinds and covering of places. hundreds

plant diffiwhich sizes considered was little to and began make amusing hobby An was built up cult to raise, here and it was, scenes bloomwith for table them and person one by watched who magaing sill. on her window Here ornaments. was mantel trunks of The zines library, papers public and in a

her opportunity for an exciting and trees and stems of tiny shell flowers reading through them to find inexpensive of almost hobby unwere made from white or colored "breaks"mistakes or that in occur limited uses. This the was woman print ridiculous and or make funny kind little could tuck a who shrivreading. Eventually not she only eled stick into bottle a water, of and a had scrapbook full of these which

it after she gave a tender pats few she copied had down, always and daily aand word of encouragement, to tell, a joke had also but she found the twig perk would up its little for a market of these some humorhead grow. and so easy It was ous mistakes gained fun and both

to for her that grow plants she her and simple, profit from spareoverlooked the possibilities of this time, inexpensive hobby.real talent. By talking to friends The common pot holder foundand greenhouse attendants conin almost all kitchens started onecerning plant problems she might housewife with spare time on an built ahave worthwhile hobby

trail. of interesting she started Once

first ailing aid to plants. looking, she was amazed at the problem pipe The cleaners. inexpensive of an of base a The kinds she tree many found. Some tackled ithobby in a was a large shell, successful was stood and on holders lovely were patterns

byway of tiny figures to wished of a woman animals who people and crocheting, patchwork, sewing, emstudy something plans about shells. other house from Bits made of broidery, printing. block and There

interiorand decoration but for cardboard found were heads added holders with were to designs reprebooks and training on the subject or tails, with features painted on sent hearts and flowers, lanterns, would exceed her slender budget. for faces. Miniature airplanes also

Rather than give up, she put her were made entirely from different mind to the problem and began to sizes of shells. Her unique and

make a selfhelp library by sending funny scenes and figures attracted IJou Can 2)o St!

for government pamphlets buland such attention her hobby became a 'pms column for young letins available free or for business. a small

cost. Also she watched the maga- A different way of using shells people* and for any

zines for articles pertaining to buildwas found by another girl who others who wish to take it, featuresing and decorating and filed these liked to take camera pictures. She advantage of

away by subjects in folders. Adbegan specializing on still life picarticles of a "howto-*

vertisements often offered free tures, but grew tired of using ordidoAt"nature* Contrihu"booklets and advice on her hobby, nary things. One day she was adtions are welcome and

and she took advantage of many of miring a large shell, and the idea will be considered for them. Before long she was taking came to her that a, picture of it publication at regular

her own course on interior decoraenlarged would be beautiful. She rates,

tion and trying out many of the began to study how to make closeHHHHHHmHHmBHHNHHI 532 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA apples, and other fruits, and one *i was an ear of yellow corn made in yarn. Others had smiling faces

outlined on them, and one intricate holder showed the design of a cottage with roof, chimney, and window boxes full of flowers at little windows, all in gay colors. An

interesting holder was brought from the Grenfell mission in Labrador, and a much prized one was an heirloom from a greatgreat-grandmother. It was made of tiny

scraps of silk and satin, featherstitched together and bound with ribbon. Eventually this hobbyist

had a collection of over a hundred pot holders, all numbered, with a corresponding number in a notebook and a brief note about their associations. This inexpensive hobby led to many interesting contacts

and letters, even to a new trail across the ocean.

When there is the time and inclination for a hobby, don't look in your pocketbook but look into your mind. It is more fun to use common

things in uncommon ways, or to take little journeys around the yard, dig into a junk pile, or experiment with using pins, paints, pictures, or pans in clever combinations. These

simple hobbies often bring interesting adventures, and enlarge one's world.

Homemaker's

Bookrack TO PROSPECTIVE MOTHERS (William E. Hunter, M. D., and

Bernard H. Smith, M. D., Bruce

Humphries, Inc., Boston. 1950. $2.50.)

'"The physicians who wrote this book believe that women who are given a proper understanding of the physiology of pregnancy and childbirth are much more capable of approaching the experience without fear than those whose understanding is limited or vague. With this in mind, they

have prepared a complete and practical handbook on pregnancy, discussing the development of the fetus from conception through childbirth. They

discuss mental as well as physical reactions of the prospective mother and offer professional advice on these matters and on personal hygiene and diet. Their work is complete with a

discussion of postnatal care of mother and baby and the characteristics of a healthy baby. B. S,

JULY 1951 533

Lessons in Eating % //pjii for uouna peoplele au/aawau fromkome

Lunch: Summer Menus toasted cheese sandwich on whole wheat r is estimated that the average cheese 1"cube 7.1

person requires between sixty bread 2 si. 4.2

pepper green wedge.3 i and seventy grams of protein

fresh fruit cup a day, or, to be specific, one gram (apple, banana, for every 2.2 pounds of body orange) 1 c. 1.4

buttermilk, yomilk, for summer weight. menus These

2 8 oz. 8.5 gurt in to be adequate are compiled

protein without meat by the gener21.5

ous inclusion of milk, eggs, cheese, Dinner:

lettuceparsley- peas, beans, and nuts. Those who green

tomato wish to include meat will likely tomato) salad (half.8

make substitutions for some of these lemon juicevegetable foods. oil dressing 3 T..2

3 T. 8.1 cheese cottage The menus are given without

1 in jacket potato needs; calorie (energy) to regard 2.4 beans, creamed green c 4.4 Y additional butservings, increased 1.4 cauliflower c M

ter, and perhaps some sweets will fresh peaches y% c.4

need to be added for many people. cream 34 c. 1.6

The menus are intended only as an 19.3

70.7 How much more appetizing to indication,Protein intakenot a rule.in summer meals TOTAL DAILY PROTEIN

everyone is that little touch of may be increased, if desired, with- "TANG"... whether on cold out adding meat. One way of doing this would be to add powdered

cuts, or inside a sandwich. It's milk to many baked dishes, soups,

Tang's "magic flavor factor"and sauces. Powdered soybean

that makes the difference every milk, where available, is also an excellent protein and may be used time. Find out for yourself. to make delicious drinks or added to

Try TANG today! baked goods. Brewer's yeast furnishes three grams of protein in a

tablespoon, (as well as being an excellent source of B vitamins) and may also be used as a supplement in food preparations; however, it TUESDAY

has a distinctive flavor and cannot Grams be used in large amounts. Generous 'Breakfast: Ami. Protein

fresh orange juice 8 oz. 2.0

greens, fresh fruit, of use c. 4.4 whole cracked wheat %

grains, using raisins, (and legumes.4 raisins 2 T.

prunes, molasses, etc., in place of half & half V2 c. 3.9

white sugar) will insure adequate toast, whole wheat 1 si. 2.1

iron. buttermilk 81 t.oz. 0.8.5

( Abbreviations: T.—tablespoon; 21.3 t.—teaspoon; c.—cup; 02.—ounce; si.—slice; half & half—half milk, Lunch:salad: avocado Y pear) half cream.

tomato 32 ) 7.4

MONDAY cheese 2 T. )

Grams watercress Breakfast: Ami. Protein French dressing 3 T..3

fresh grapefruit juice 8 oz. 1.2 rye krisp—butter 2 si. 1.6pet 7&+Vf idtml whole grain waffles 2 14 milk 8 oz. 8.5

1.9 butter 1 T..1 prune whip Y c. 1 * rawsugar, brownor

19.7 0. syrup, or honey

Dinner: 1 6.1 egg 4.1 c. cream tomato soup Yi 8.5 oz. milk or milk Postum 8

1 egg 6.8 egg omelet

29.9 peas, fresh green Yl c. 3.9

'Numbers refer to footnotes at end of article. carrots Y c..3

534 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

coleslaw with v2 c..8 lima beans He. 4.0

almonds 1 T..6 squash 1.6 summer Yt c. Delicious pie 4"pumpkin broccoli wedge 5.5 c 2.5 Yi

fresh fruitnut dessert:

23.0.7 raspberries c Yi Sandwich Filling

.2 dates, chopped 1 T 64.0TOTAL DAILY PROTEIN

Brazil nuts 3 2.0

.9 you make in WEDNESDAY cream 3 T

Breakfast: 19.6

juicetomato % c. 1.6 TOTAL DAILY PROTEIN 64.4 4 minutesshredded wheat biscuit 1 2.9 FRIDAYhalf lift half flavor c. & The 3.9 y2 Grams

dates, chopped c - from comes J4 Protein Amt..9 Breakfast:

egg, 1 scrambled 6.1 ripe chopped 1.5 fresh peach

toast, 1 si. whole wheat 2.1 olives! 3.6 oatmeal c Vsbutter 1 t. 0. 2 raisins T.

milk oz. 8 8.5 morning Some 3.9 half half c & Yi you're soon when

toast: French lunch with 26.0 faced a

1 si. 2.1 bread not and box much time or two to fill—Lunch: 3.0 egg /2 It's idea. simple try this as can sandwich

fruit salad: apricots 3 1.1 milk 2 T. 1.0 be, and so quick to fix! Usually makes

banana Yz.6 milk 8 oz. 8.5 a hit with youngsters and grownups

pineapple 1 si..5 alike. Here's how to make:

23.0 romaine 0.3 4-Minute Sandwich Fillingpeanut butter sandLunch:

wich cream asparagus soup c. 7.1 1 (3-ounce) package y3 cup chopped

ripe olives cheese cream peanut T. 6.3 2 T. 5.4 milk added powdered butter \y2

1 to 2 tablespoons Tabasco Dash sauce w. si. w. bread 2 4.2 1.6 w. crackers, w.

taste to or Salt milk creammilk oz. 8 8.5 sticks carcarrot ( Y2 Soften cheese in blend gradually and

rot) consistency. to milk spreading make III salad pear peanut and taste. to olives in seasonings and Blend

Dinner: on green lettuce: Makes about 1 cup.

2 T. nutssalad: tomato, 3 l/2 IIIIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII!IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII|I|

1 pear slices cucumber, 3 small green onions, fruit dressing 2 T..5

1 leaf lettuce 1.7 molasses cookie 1.5 Did you know you can now

buy ripe olives (sour cream dressing T..6 21.3 readycorn on cob 2.7 I

turnip greens (or Dinner: chopped?

c. 4.8 pie other) vegetable 2.1 c. /2 grocer Yes, your

c. 7.3 I beanssweet kidney 1 potatoes 2.6 this has them I

1"seccheese, cauliflower raw cheddar 7.1 cube way I convenient

strawberries Yi c.6 tions c..8 I now. Chopped ripe

oatmeal cookie 2.3 French dressing T..2 I olives, ready to

fresh apricots 1.1 use, come in small cans that cost |

T97"banana milk shake only a few pennies. They're so |

versatile, use, so to you'll | several to keep probably want | always. shelf your onTOTAL DAILY PROTEIN 67.2 milkbanana Yi8 oz. 8.5.6 I easycans

THURSDAY 23.3 niiiliiiiilliliiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiirF

Grams Breakfast: Ami. Protein TOTAL DAILY PROTEIN 67.6

grapefruit.9 Ingredient Magic The SATURDAY

ricebrown with c - 3.0 Yi% Grams a how know You 1 wheat 1.0 germ T. Protein Amt. Breakfast: seasoning favorite

figschopped 3 2.4.8 c. fresh blackberries of or your one

half half c. & 3.9 "secret c. 1.6 very cream own y2 Yl%toast, si. 1 2.1 whole wheat often ingredients"7.5 3 pancakes, w. w.

dish. the makes.1.5 butter 1 T.pear y2

findmilk chopped You'll 8.5 8 oz..4 apple c butter Ya that ripe olives do

8.5 oz. milk 8 22.3 too, thing, for a number of "basic very

Lunch: 18.9 recipes."morsels andYou prestoadd a! sprinkling—it's like ofmagicthese

tomatoegg salad on Lunch: Try chopped ripe olives with seafood,

watercress: tomato 1 1.5 split pea soup 1 c. 6.4 with meats, and with cheese and egg

egg l 6.1 crackers, w. w. 3 1.6 dishes; add them to meat loaves and

mayonnaise, homeapple-banananut to spaghetti sauces and to Mexican made 1 T..8 salad on waterdishes. And of course, to appetizers

1 si.toast, whole 2.1 wheat.2 cress: apple Yi

to like If more know you'dstewed 1.2 plums 3.6 banana Yi to other ways these and about

1oatmeal cookie 2.3 1.4 2 pecans T. olives—both ripe chopped enjoymilk 8.5 oz. 8 fruit.5 2 dressing T. for "Elegant send whole and—

muffins cornmeal Califorwith Recipes Easy 2 7.0 but 22.5

juice carcarrot It's (2 full of Olives."Ripe niaDinner:

it's estifree. rots, practical rough ideas and

pineapplecottage mate) 6 oz. 1.2 Write Olive Advisory Board,

cheeselettuce Dept. T-7, 16 Beale Street, San

salad: pineapple 1 si..5 18.9 Francisco 5, California.

cheese 3 T. 8.2 {Concluded on following page)

JULY 1951 535

Lessons in Eating

{Concluded from preceding page\

Dinner: * sJ$M$&%>* Welshtoast rabbit on

c. 8.2 Yi

l si. StarKist Tuna saucetoast 2.1

c. 1.4 beet greens Yi Royal Salad

l 2.4 baked potato med. combine*, o salad bowl c..6 carrotraisin salad Yi

.2 dressing 3 T. popped lemonhoney

i tablespoons c. 6.5 custard Yi sweet pickle

Terp-n'emonWUe powdered milk added 2 T. 5.4

26.8 TOTAL DAILY PROTEIN 64.6

For each portion pla leuuce

cro SUNDAY three into tomato o a Grams sh with Stattiog lettuce, the Protein Amt. on nlaced * ItBreakfast: remainmg with.7 8 oz. salad pineapple juice

mayonnaise with 1.3 Garnish yellow corn meal

as shown. watercress c. 2.6 half half and ViHi si.c. 2.1 toast, wheat whole

milk 8 oz. 8.5

fine StarKist quality. egg, softboiled 1 6.1

21.3 tuna brands of advertised cod exp and Lunch: sideb, hotnemakers lettucetomato sandTun. }-o-l over *e wich 1 5.2 CS milk 8 oz. 8.5

banananut salad:

banana Yt.6

nuts 2 T. 2.2

lettuce 1 leaf.3

mayonnaise 1 T..8

17.6

Dinner: nut roast,* small serv. 10.0

c. 2.6 QUICK cream sauce M

steamed collards Vi c. 3.7

potato cakes ( 1 med.

potato 2.8 grapefruitavocado- date salad on endive:

grapefruit Y.45

avocado Ya c..6

dates l T..2

bran muffin l 4.5

raspberry whip:

berries 34 c..4

egg white K.8

cream 2 T..3

whole wheat cake (1 medium piece) 3.5

29.8 TOTAL DAILY PROTEIN 68.7 FRUZOLA

c. 4.6 A Punch Treat for *nut roast: lentilsfilberts H2 T.

.3 celery 4 T. PICNICS 2.6 1.5 egg Vk PARTIES milk 2 T. 1.0

... ready in HOME MEALS Serves 4 10.0

there small amounts, sugar is used in very 1When little flavor, in is for except advantage, perhaps connatural the product. LIK-M-ADE 4 minutes... at amazing choosing sugar Dark

A taste treat for the tainsiron notsmallfoundamountsin whiteof calcium,sugar. phosphorus, and

Kids to eat! has2Theyet caseto befor establishedyogurt, a fermentedin this country.milk product,Many

Factory—Salt Lake City European authorities present it as a superior milk

NOW AT YOUR GROCER! fooddiscussedin maintainingin future intestinalarticles. health. It will be

536 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE TECHNIQUE OF A

WHITE SAUCE

Creamed eggs—creamed soups cheese rarebit—vegetable souffle—these are all simple dishes

to make, and afford much opportunity to vary the menu.

Here's how:

For a thin sauce: 1 tablespoon

flour, 1 tablespoon fat, 1 cup milk, 34 teaspoon salt.

For a medium sauce: 2 tablespoons flour, 2 tablespoons fat, 1

cup milk, 34 teaspoon salt.

For a thick sauce: 3 tablespoons

flour, 3 tablespoons fat, 1 cup milk, 34 teaspoon salt.

Method I: Melt the fat (butter,

oleomargarine, or shortening ) in saucepan. Blend in flour and salt.

HOTEL UTAH

MAX CARPENTER, MANAGER

Ittmtti ixtlmm cut food costs with a EASY POUR BOWL N O W

SIMPLE TO CLEAN

GRADUATED SCALE

EIGHT BLADES

& TWO SPEEDS You can have far greater variety

SUPER POWER and more fresh foods for less

TASTY, quick meolj Get ALL Vitamins and Minerals.

Add cold milk all at once, place over low heat and stir till the sauce Simplify diet feeding. Disguise

thickens. Lumps will disappear as junior's carrots, milk, etc!

hot.the gets milk are You'll meals say {jjqc*

II: the Method Mix flour and cinch to make a 44 ssalt with three or two tablespoons

milk. Add this mixture to remainder with a

of milk, add fat, and cook over low heat until thickened. Stir conFrojtt AT HOME

stantly. For Dealer Inquiries or For Information

on Where to Buy the Cheese Sauce:

Add x/i CUP grated cheese to the HOLLYWOOD LIQUEFIER sauce after it is cooked. This is Write To

most effectively done by removing white sauce from direct heat and adding cheese gradually, stirring constantly. The cheese will not go *RESH Food HEALTH

stringy unless the sauce is too hot.

Return to heat, if necessary, to completely melt cheese. Serve on

Bennett Roadcauliflower, broccoli, or other green CO(ZCAIII66S vegetable. p. O. Box J 109 v—Salt Lake City 10, Utab (Continued on following page) I

JULY 1951 537

The Technique of a White Sauce

(Continued from preceding page)

Parsley Sauce:

Add 2 or 3 tablespoons chopped parsley to white sauce after it is cooked. Season with a little onion

juice, if desired. Pour over cooked

potatoes.

Cream Gravy:

Substitute meat drippings for other fat used in the white sauce recipe. Use method I, allowing

flour and fat mixture to brown before adding milk.

Tomato Cream Sauce:

Cook together 1 cup canned tocelery, 2 matoes, x/2 cup chopped tablespoons minced onion, and */ minutes. salt for 20 about teaspoon

stirsauce, to white Add gradually PARTIES * PICNICS * SNACKS three constantly. ring Two or Enjoy these anywhere! anytime, Fritos—delicious crunchy Fritos—crisp, crisplyfried bacon slices chopped, at picnics, and beverages, parties, with favorite corn at chips of golden flavor. will add

with betweenmeal snacks. Ask for Fritos at food

fftTQC store or eating place. America's favorite corn chips, Creamed Soups:

enjoyed coast to coast! Pour 1 cup cooked vegetable pulp

THE FRITO CO., Salt Lake City, and juice into 1 cup thin white

Utah—Los Angeles, California sauce and stir until blended. Some

vegetables which make good creamed soups are tomatoes, carrots, potatoes, peas, onions, celery, MUSTANG! Western ActionType BED SPREAD A Real string beans, spinach.

Vegetable Souffle:

1 tablespoon each minced onion,

THAN MORE chopped green pepper, chopped 100 WELLEXTRA HEAVY, CATTLE KNOWN celery

SUPER QUALITY BRANDS tablespoons each melted fat and DONE 2 SHEETING OF IN DESERT

PALOMINO RUST CHENILLE flour TAN COLORING YARN 1/2 teaspoon salt milk cup separated eggs, v\ < \ (J W-O t&Ap> HORSE AND %3 LASTS A

LIFETIMERIDER IN 4 1 cup diced, cooked vegetables

COLORS OF JUST WITH 34 cup dry bread crumbs NONFADING ORDINARY

CARE! PERMANENT

DYES! Brown the onion, green pepper,

9/ and celery lightly in melted fat.

Mix in the flour; add milk. Cook

A unique high quality bed spread which will withstand over low heat, stirring constantly, repeated washings without losing its beauty and requires no ironing. until thickened. Pour this mixture

Ideal for the ranch house den man or boys'room into beaten egg yolks. Then add

just for gifts. or reception room crumbs. vegetables, bread salt, and

oivn individual your brand and have it added up Make until fold stiff and Beat egg whites at extra only per spread. $1.00

Double bed size 90 x 1 05 inches $14.95 into first mixture. Pour into an

Twin bed size 14.95 oiled baking dish and bake in

Twin sizes per pair 28.95 mediumslow oven (325 F.) about

GUARANTEED AS REPRESENTED OR MONEY REFUNDED 50 minutes, or until set. Serve

Send check or money order or request for free booklet showing other unique spreads to with tomato sauce or white sauce.

crumbs and add 1 cup and bread CHENILLE TEXAS ( For cheese souffle, omit vegetables

DRAWER 338 cheese. Dealer InquiriesMANUFACTORYInvited GRANDVIEW, TEXAS grated

538 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Creamed Eggs and Fish: Firecracker sen/In dish created

for white cups two medium Make in San Diego especially 'i*V< thickenedsauce and add when tuna 3 %reast-(f-Chicken hardcooked eggs, quartered, % teaspoon salt, and 1 cup cooked or canned fish. Serve hot on toast.

Cheese Rarebit:

2 cups medium white sauce 1 tablespoon minced onion 34 teaspoon dry mustard \]/2 cups grated cheese 1 egg, beaten

Add onion and mustard to the flour and fat mixture when making the white sauce. When sauce is

thickened, remove from heat and stir in cheese, gradually. Pour a

little of sauce into the beaten egg, with the best o'eafcuf... 3

stir, then pour all back into the delicious sandwich spread made o'sauce. Stir and cook over low heat

2 or 3 minutes, until cheese is Breast-O'-Chicken tuna... and tjourarocerh

melted. Serve on toast or crackers. good, crisp, garden fresh vegetables.

5- (Add two cups cooked kidney Breast-O-Chioken isoung,tenda beans for kidney beancheese rarepremium tuna.yet it costs you no

bit. more.Tomorrowreach for that handsome

Egg and Potato Scallop: Breast-0!0hfcken label Vo ft - celebrate

2 cups medium white sauce 2 tablespoons minced parsley or watercress 6 mediumsized cooked potatoes, sliced 4-6 hardcooked eggs, sliced 1 cup soft whole wheat bread crumbs

Add parsley or watercress and salt to thickened white sauce. Place

alternate layers of potatoes and eggs in oiled baking dish and pour white sauce over the top. Sprinkle

with bread crumbs. Bake in moderate oven (375 F. ) 15 or 20 minutes, or until crumbs are browned.

Serves 6.

Carrot and Orange Souffle:

1 cup thick white sauce 4 eggs, separated 1 cup raw grated carrot, firmly packed 1 tablespoon minced onion 1 teaspoon orange rind

Beat egg whites until stiff.

Slightly beat egg yolks and mix with carrot, onion, and orange rind.

Pour white sauce slowly over yolk mixture, stirring constantly. Fold

yolk mixture into whites. Pour into

oiled casserole. Set in pan of hot

in oven moderate water bake and minutes, F.) or fKE: Recipe booklet. Write Westaate Sun Harbor Company (350 45 about

until set. Serves 6. Dept. IE-2, 1995 8a# Front, San Diego 12, California

JULY 1951 539

The Church Moves on

{ Concluded from page 488 from Visalia Branch, with Elder Louis

W. Jones as bishop. Branches and

their presidents are: Avenal, Elder

Henry Ihnen; Coalinga, Elder Reed

J. Beckstrom; Dinuba, Elder Carlos O.

Seat Quality Exeter, Beckstead; Elder Darwin

Careful of Banos, Elder Gubler; Los Kent Canners M. Howe Crosby; West Fresno, Elder Francisco Carrillo; Tulare, Elder Paul—Resilient *—heavyor Hixon, President and Hanford, L. R. J. tSS2S.-* SSUfsteel

Parker. stake has a membership The KccoatingTWrdfood enamel on g resistant of 2750. over Elders Harold B. Lee acid

on tin. quer, latex directed the and or- D. Henry Moyle

ganization of the stake. There are

now 185 stakes in the Church.

from porLawndale Ward formed and off."tions of Centinella Ward, Inglewood (California) Stake, with Elder William Woodrow Bullock as bishop. New bishop of Centinella Ward is BerNARdin

Elder Bud A. Layne. Both bishops

were counselors to the retiring bishop of Centinela Ward, Fay X. Bybee.

OAKMMVA

ONE DOZEN

Who Penned the Declaration / STANDARD/

Bound Volumes of of Independence? MASON LIDS

the ERA make valuAt your grocers in other sizes TOO able reference books. (Concluded from page 500) copy that Thomson had to place in

the journals of Congress. He

fastened it in with red sealing wax.

Preserve each issue for perAt that time it had been signed only manent binding. by John Hancock, then President

of Congress, and countersigned by

A fine addition to any Thomson, the secretary.

Thomson knew that Matlack was library, both for value a penman of an engrossing hand. "The Hotel That

of contents and apThere were not many his equal. Washington's secretary was a fine Never Stands Still"

pearance. penman, Richard Varick by name.

Alexander Hamilton wrote a finer That's what people say about hand than any one of them, but us, and we're mighty proud of

It folks too! appreshows

efforts Salt Economical there was beauty in Matlack's capiit,ciate to keep our $3.00 per volume tal letters, and his penmanship was Lake's newest hotel always just

clear. So Thomson called upon like new! Have you seen our

Matlack to copy the declaration colorfulcoffee shopnewdecoration?lobby, loungeBe sureand

for signatures. He copied from the to visit us soon. Best of all,

F.O.B. Salt Lake City broadside in the journal. come in for a family dinner this

(Postpaid, add 30c) Matlack made many famous envery week!

tries in the journal; one of them

General Washington's commission

DESERET NEWS PRESS to be commanderin-chief of the army. Authorities have compared

both documents and know they Hotel written were by Matlack.

Temple Square 42 Richards St. lived to be ninetynine Matlack

Salt Lake City years of age. His handsome handiClarence L. West, Mgr.

work has been admired from 1776 to the present.

540 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

"THOSE WERE THE TWO HAPPIEST YEARS"FIRST OF ALLRELIABILITY ( Continued from page 501 "You are an answer to a prayer,"4547 theirexplaining that D mission. said. praying she "I have been While MAINdunes?,L (So-. talking, religion she I which was wouldSister White was know SALT LAKETfUwicCITY I, UTAH

prayed that the Lord would direct true, and I believe that God has them, and while she talked she sent you to me."

knew that Sister White must be A feeling of joy and gratitude 'Beautiful i-'Tart praying because words flowed from swept over Laurie that she had her mouth before she had time to never felt before. The many rethink what would come next. As jections that they had had previousthey talked, the gracious lady bely were forgotten, and Laurie knew Qhormes

came serious, tears started streamthat from now on she would strive ing down her face. (Concluded on following page) for

<ff*3<}<>3<SJ*3s2sJs&3s3>&&&&& Women s Voices.. Beautiful Dreamer $.16 jryiteantulamu and Cxammer

RICHARD L EVANS. By the Waters of Minnetonka 16

.. Dear Land of Home.15

this question again of personal integrity, as one of.. Green Cathedral 18 ONthe ancient philosophers observed: "Where we wish.. I Heard a Forest Praying 20

to weights, at haphazard; not of judge judge we do where I'll Take You Home Again

is to straight and wish judge what what is crooked, we 20 Kathleen we do not judge at haphazard."We use standards. And In the Time of Roses 12

if we wish to judge honesty, including our own, we must Let All My Life Be Music 20 not judge haphazardly. There is a line of demarkation

is the difference between Trees.16 and what isn't honest—and. 18

isn't prac- O Entrancing Night a matter of prevailing merely between the two tice; it isn't merely a matter of what other men do or Music Sent On Approval

don't do. And yet it seems we sometimes seek to justify WE PAY POSTAGE

ourselves in doing what we know we shouldn't do on the grounds that others are doing what they shouldn't do. Use this advertisement as your order blank

It seems we sometimes set about to blind our own eyes to our own weaknesses by watching the weaknesses of DAYNES4547 South MUSICMain COMPANY others. In the words of Thomas a Kempis: "We often Salt Lake City 1. Utah

do a bad act and make a worse excuse."Example is above.Please send postpaid the music indicated

contagious, but if the bad example of others were to justify On Approval Q Charge us in our own adverse actions, we could justify ourselves Money Enclosed in almost anything simply by selecting the example we Name want to watch. We could justify ourselves in lying, cheatAddress

ing, swindling, betraying, deceiving, simply by saying to >-.City & State

ourselves that others are doing as bad or worse, so why shouldn't we? We can always find a bad example to

follow if we will. But there are also honest and honorable Daynes Music Co.

the following examples. condone wrong we how can And rjiufn 45-4!''i I IJ—L7 IISouthl..i iIII T i Main,II.i i i Ill| T SaltII LI kake right just as the following well be ones when we could

ones. The fact that wrong things are being done offers 145 North University, Provo

no actual excuse for any of us. The things we shouldn't

do, we somehow know we shouldn't do—and there is

ample evidence, from the present and the past, that it doesn't matter who, or how many, engage in popular or prevailing malpractice, following a bad example offers us justification. is short, or "Life peace no protection—or

long: let the PIKES PEAR truth us speak far and lives and works

live to justify truth truth"the seek not and 2—and ourFLOUR citing the the things selves in doing example wrong by way

of others who have done things the wrong way. With FOUR

Extra Baking *Jke Spoken lA/ord from temple square Advantages

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM. MAY 20, 1951 SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

iEpictetus. 425 West 5th South

Arthur Schopenhauer.. Copyright, 1951 Salt Lake City, Utah

JULY 1951 541.. Those Were the Two ALL-O-WHEAT

Happiest Years"CEREAL The Best and Most Healthful (Concluded from preceding page) Cereal for Your Family to Eat!

diligently to serve her Heavenly Its delicious nutlike

Father to the best of her ability, flavor contains ALL for she remembered the passage in the goodness of the the Doctrine and Covenants that enfireConstantWheatusers ofBerry.our

reads: products also testify

And if it so be that you should labor tohealthits standpoint.value from a

all your days in crying repentance unto IT'S STEEL CUT this people, and bring, save it be one soul:iiii!iiiiimiiNiiiimiiiniiiiMiiiiiiMiiiiimiiniiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiimiii[ii!iii>.

unto me, how great shall be your joy with j ALL-O-WHEAT breakfast ce- [ him in the kingdom of my Father! | real is made from the choic- |

if will joy now, great your be with And dry farm Idaho est Utah and that soul one unto brought have you It is to milled wheats. me |f a | into the of Father, great kingdom how my spefineness granular on a | | if will be joy bring should your you many

cial Steel thus | machine, 1 Cut souls (D. 18:1516.) unto me! C. &

| retaining a maximum of \ Her prayers had been answered, vitamins, body building pro- | and that night was the beginning of | teins, minerals, etc.

her spiritual diary, and she knew iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiinitiiitiMiiiifiiiiiiiitiiiMiiiimimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiMiiI:

that this was the beginning of ALL-O-WHEAT IS when you specify her "two happiest years.... DELICIOUSNUTRITIOUStotothetheTasteBody

EASY TO PREPARE VERY ECONOMICAL to use The Editor's Page

Get it at your grocers today (Concluded from page 494) or write to

STEEL CASEMENTS theSpirit.humanGodsouldoestherevealrealitytodayof theto ALL-O-WHEATOGDEN, UTAH CO.

Get all these advantages: (1) Slender resurrection of the Lord, the divinsteel frames permit larger glass areasity of this great work, the truth,

admit daylight, more (2) Better ventilatruth, eternal the divine that and tion, Fingertip (3) for operation a lifetime—steel lives, not as a only power, an TWICE as won't swell, stick warp, God or

splinter, Superior (4) weathertightness, electricity essence, a force—as Fire (5) safety, Termiteproof, (6) Bet- (7) FAR as Father in heaven. our Oh, ter screening, (8) Sash removable the but by Liquid As Most Other in owner a [iffy, the from that try inside, (9) do power, men why to make Low

It's Starches Because cost. religion recognized science and by

everywhere, a mere "force!"I I CONCENTRATED Ask your Friendly lumber Dealer

sometimes wish that such men Gives You EASY Starching and try to pray kneel down -MERRILL MORRISON & CO. would BEAUTIFUL, Easy Ironing

to electricity. Distributors Building Material trying to / A Imagine

USB TO READY 205 NO. 3rd WEST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH pray to electricity! You can not do Just Cold Water Add Hot Or

BOISE, TWIN FALIS, POCATBILO, I0AHO RENO, NEVADA it, and yet this is one of the greatest known forces. You can, however,

pray to God the Father, a Personal

Being. God reveals to the soul

Quick, Easy Way to his existence. He reveals the deity

Christ, of the Lord Jesus came who STOP to to SMOKING give to earth the great men "IT DOESN'T COSTIT PAYS"

Now you can stop smoking with no effort, reality of the existence of God and comfortably, your money refunded.easily, the Theveryrecentfirst medicalday—or his Son; and in that spirit and with

discovery you have read about—NICO- I bear

absolutely harmless, nonsuch witness in my soul STOP, guaranteed toxic, nonhabit forming. Endorsed by testimony today that Jesus Christ

physicians and church leaders. Used sucthe of world. cessfully druggist's is the Redeemer At your by thousands.

mail or free today information coupon for all the help us and God world to BUY w-'sizes available about moneyback and guarantee. reality, the sense that the gospel GROCERSAt YOUR Calif. Dept. A, NICOSTOP, Saint Helena, is established Christ Jesus among free prices. of information Please send and

City State men, and through obedience to it

Name the Fatherhood of God and the (fajtumet

Address brotherhood of man may become o* teeny realities to every son and daughter of Adam. God hasten the day

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA when that testimony will be real SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

12 Issues $2.50 in every heart. 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

542 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

High Scouting Award

( Concluded from page 507 multitude that he thought the program was divinely inspired. And

he took advantage of the excellent opportunity to tell briefly what the

Church is doing with scouting.

For some time Elder Benson felt the need of a professional scouter, hired and paid by the national council, to direct the L.D.S. Relationships Service. He worked persistently with the national officers

until their approval for such a position was secured. Then he worked

with other Church officials to select and recommend the man for the job.

After considering every professional

L. D. S. scouter, D. L. Roberts,

executive of the Ogden Area Council, was chosen. Scouter Roberts

had already been considered for another position on the national staff and his record was wellknown.

His recommendation was immediately big approved. And another

in the THE SALT LAKE TRIBUNE in scoutingstep forward

Church was taken. One of Americas Great Newspapers

There is much more to tell about

Elder Benson and what he has done and is doing both for scouting and for the youth of the Church. But

there is no finer example of the spirit the than he has for program is "An investment in knowledgethat displayed his family. by He

married to Flora Smith Amussen. always pays the best interest"

They have six children, four girls and two Eagle Scout sons. Reed A. Franklin

and Mark A. are following in the Your investment in knowledge at the

footsteps of their father. They had L.D.S. Business College brings practical business training to

the advantage of getting into the prepare you for waiting employment opportunities.scouting program as boys, the opportunity that never came to Elder L. D. S. training makes these features available to you:

Benson.

Sister Benson goes to many * Excellentkeeping, shorthand,courses in andtypewriting,general officeoffice work.machines, bookscouting functions with her hus- * Day or evening classes.

band, proudly wearing two mina- * Special housing assistance for outof-town students.

ture eagles. But on many of his * Job placement service.

trips it is necessary for her to stay at home with the family. Come in now and discuss your educational objectives with the experienced

"The Church and its program, counselors on the L.D.S. staff.

including scouting, means more You are cordially welcome at...

than anything else to us,"she explains. "We like to have Brother BUSINESS COLLEGEBenson home with us, but we know

70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHthat when he is away he is working L.D.S.

for the good of others. So we

carry on as a family as best we can Unbreakable... moulded

and wait for his return."f loweight,look likenoiseglass,free.LiglitEco- ACCORDIONS

height. Standard nomical. is It has because Elder Benson ITALIAN MAKES FAMOUS dealer. your from Order Student], Available Christian Workers to Bible life his for thespent "working good SB 167 at and Missionaries OFFER SPECIAl

$1.25 youth, others,"especially theof and trial St. SPECIAL 00 DISCOUNTS Doz. Mail for lot of

for Literature Write FREE Today postpaid. stmt dozen onethat he now wears the Silver AnteInc. CENTER, ACCORDION CHICAGO Boston St.. Sudbury 55

III.lope. IE, Chicago 22, Ave., 14. Mass. Dept. 754 Damen

JULY 1951 543 0Wt SvSsSsSSSi [ mmovms

Editors: Dear Francisco, San California APO,

a pleasant surprise to receive Tt was copies ImproveTHE LIGHT TOUCH of The * MENT Era for January and February in the mail today.

Serving at this particular post in Japan can be very dull, MATRIMONY: One state that permits a woman to work

and the need for good literature is always great. We have eighteen hours a day.

a good library, but there are too few books and magazines offering spiritual guidance. Often I have scanned One Sure Thing

the shelves seeking the type of articles and stories that appear in this wonderful magazine, but to no avail. "I hope you don't think me too young for marriage with

Since the arrival of mail this afternoon, I have never laid your daughter?"said the young man anxiously.

the Era aside until just a moment ago when I began to write "That's all right, my boy,"was the cheerful reply. "You'll

this letter of appreciation. I find so many familiar names and age fast enough."

places mentioned that it is just like being home and talking to friends. Sincerely, High Cost of Living

Sfc Forrest D. Hall.

$> A young father, watching his son gazing into space, said,

Dear Editors: Casablanca, Morocco, Africa "A penny for your thoughts, Son."

few months ago I have got the first copy of The Imof "Well,a dime."to be honest, Daddy,"he replied, "I was thinking

provement Era. Brother Hugh T. Law of Sandy who

in with met me Paris one year ago was so kind and subSomething to Cry Over scribed this magazine. me

refugee, origin, is Czech I am the reading in and English little first bitterly. school at for the time sobbing boy was A I for hard me; however, read your magazine with pleasure

inguired: teacher the matter, "What's The Tommy?"the articles because really are interesting. very

I till "I like school, don't to here fourstay I'm have and I shall Because to migrate Australia at second 1951, March, i n, teen,"9i sobbedsoDoea Tommy. ommy. I reguest that would next copies the of to the be mailed Era

cry. the teacher, said 'Well,""don't to stay I have here 6) following address: Vladimir Vincourek, Solar, c/o W. until sixtyfive."I'm St. Kilda 441 Rd., S.C., Victoria, Melbourne Australia.

I am looking forward to meet with your magazine in my future home. With cordial good wishes, I remain, Point of View

Sincerely yours, One man said television is all right if you like to look at the

Vladimir Vincourek world through a waffle iron.

Editor: Dear California Norwalk,

Invention should reading Wanted—New like to tell you how very much we enjoy

I the Era. It is so interesting and inspiring! A housewife wants to know why somebody doesn't, invent

Very sincerely, a hollow cake of soap, so that when the bar is used up there

Mrs. Mary A. Self—$ won't be those annoying little pieces left.

NEW CRAFTS ARE LEARNED BY GIRLS n f et each girl learn at least one new craft,"said the president of the Snowflake Stake M.I.A. Stake and ward leaders

'-'took up the slogan and the girls responded with enthusiam. The results have been a busy and a happy winter and

a fine display of creative handiwork. Some of this work is shown in the display below.

Stake leaders in charge of the work are Zella Larson and Alice Gardner.

Bee Hive Girls, Mia Maids, and Junior Gleaners of the Snowflake Stake with Stake Y.W.M.I.A. president examine

their display of handicraft. From left to right seated, Sherre Rogers, Gussie Schenider, Joycelynn Hatch, Delia Warner,

Standing; Nena Flake, Mable Porter, Marie Jackson, Carma Smith, Annis J. Flake, and Sandra Hatch.

544 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA DESIGNED for today's living DIRECT COLOR PHOTOGRAPH BY MAYNARD PARKER

Virtue Primavera Dinettes combine the beauty of fine wood with durability and easy maintenance. The Micalite* laminated table top, faithfully reproducing

the delicate grain of lovely Prima vera, is stain and heat resistant. An occasional

onceover with a damp cloth keeps it sparkling clean. The smartly patterned Duran* upholstery

is scuffresistant as well as colorful (available in Aqua, Jonquil, Sepia, or Poinsettia).

The hand rubbed, satin finished legs and frames are of laminated veneers formed under heat and pressure for rugged use and lasting beauty.

"TRADE MARK Solddepartmentby leadingstoresfurnitureWest of andthe

Mississippi. Write factory for the

name of nearest dealer.

tei DINETTES

VIRTUE BROS* MFC. CO'T7ie West's Largest Manufacturer of Chrome Furniture 5701 W. Century Blvd., Los Angeles 45, Calif.

Stephen L Richards

a Culminating a long and distinguished career as a prominent lawyer and

S teacher of law, business executive, and widely travelled Church leader,

Stephen L Richards now assumes his greatest responsibilities in the recently reorganized First Presidency of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints;

President Richards brings to his new duties not only a long list of scholarly and cultural achievements, but the good judgment and integrity that have inspired confidence and won for him a host of friends throughout his life. We feel privileged to have the experienced counsel of Stephen L Richards as our newly

appointed vice president at Beneficial Life Insurance Company.

BENEFICIAL LIFE Insurance Company David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah