Courses in AQRICULTURE See the

DOMESTIC SCIENCE COM/WERCE AGRICULTURAL Advertisein HECHANIC ARTS LOGAN, ment

UTAH. this If sue GENERAL SCIENCE COLLEGE

imwmm

Crgan of -the -Seventies and theyoungMena

Mutual Improvement Associations

I

VoL XL AUGUST. 1908. No. ID.

Published Monthly ai Salt Lake City by the General Board

J2.00 PER ANNUM

KNIT GOODS: CLOTHING: Beat Lisle, Men's, Youth's,

Best Cotton, Cutler Bros. Co. Bov's

Best Fleeced. (36 Main St., SALT LAKE CITY Order by Mail.

J. B. Robbins, A. C Keeley, R. Dmnbtck

S. L. Bird, Manager. S. B. Robbini

CREAM Shipped Everywhere KEELEY ICE CREAM COMPANY

Wholesale and Retail Makers of

Pure Ice Cream, Sherbets, Water Ices, Before tbe SmoKe Clears Hway Fancy Bricks,

On your firestricken shop, factory, ofiBce Frozen Puddings, or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long unnecessary Punches, Etc.

delays in adjusting, no haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses HIGH GRADE CANDIES

every time. It's to our interest to get

you set up in business again—we can Delivered fo Any Part of the City

insure you again.

Factory and Office, 26o State St.

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. Salt Lake City. Utah.

3026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Both Phones 351.

J. S.JENSEN & SONS Jos* Wm. Taylor JEWELERS

Utah's Leading Undertaker 53 S. Main St., Salt Lake City

and Licensed Embalmer.

Missionaries'Watches at reduced

Fine Funeral Chapel, Private Parlor, prices. Wedding Rings, Diamonds and Show Rooms Morgue.

Silverware. Repairing. All work

OlTIOB bpN DAT AND NiGHT. guaranteed.

21, 28, 25 SOOTH WEST TEMPLE ST. Have your eyes examined by

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. bur reliable optician,

H. O. JENSEN,

Eyesigh Specialist Mail Orders Promptly Attended To. ESTABLISHED 1889.

UTAH COMMERCIAL arid SAVINGS BANK $200,000 CAPITAL The STATE BANK

City, computed semiannually Utmh4 Per Cent nr rM7 on SaTlngs... Deposits. 1800 KJr T\JT—interest, 1 J\nA XJ EttdblUhedSaU LaU

Commercial Banking in all its IBHIS bank solicits the accounts of branches. Accounts of Banks and In- 1 banks.firms and individuals, anddividuals solicited. Customers assured to such every euBtomers \m extendsthe best accommodations consistent reasonable facility. courtesy and

'vith censervative and safe banking.

F. ARMSTRONG. BYRON GROO AnthonJoi. F. HSmith,.Lund,V.Prest.Pres. Chas.H.T.McEwan,Asst.Cash.S. Burton, Cashier President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, pler.se mention the Era.)

60DAY STOP- / LIMIT OVERS hwS

SUMMER EXCURSION TICKETS

On Sale June ist to September 15th

LOW RATES Returning same way or through San

Francisco and Portland.

Ask SALT LAKE ROUTE Agent 169 Main Street J. H. BURTNER, D. P. A.

Artificial Refrigeration at Market and at Slaughter House

Palace Meat Market THOMAS J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customercustomer.

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main St. Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

HE Nation's prosperity and wealth come largely from the is the farm.—Great

farmer!

WE, in our humble way, have helped the farmers of Utah and Idaho to make good. Many a farmer today, is prosperous directly through our aid; we furnished him with the best LaborSaving

Implements and Vehicles ever procured, and received our pay after his lands and our tools had resulted in a profitable crop.

Good goods, low prices easy terms are what we offer you - we want to help you over the rough road to prosperity—LET

US TRY.

Consolidated Wagon and Machine Co,

GEO. T. ODELL, Gen'l. Mgr

Jos. F. Smith, Prest. Melvin D. Wells, Sec. & Treas.

W. S. McCoRNiCK VicePrest. Grant Hampton, Asst. Sec. & Treas.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, AUGUST, 1908.

Joseph F. Smith, ) p;fra'Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, S Alpha J. Higgs, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Practical Prayer and Healing President Joseph F. Smith... 729

Our Pioneer Boys—II. (Illustrated) Solomon F. Kimball 734

The Joy of Living. A Poem Lon J. Haddock 742

Romance of a Missionary—X. Visitors to England Nevhi Anderson."4?

SeL'-Control—Hi. The Red Tape of Duty William George jordai 751

An Experience ot the Plains;Illustratedj..'Job Smith 754

"'I Lift Mine Eyes to the Hills.*'A Poem Maud Baggarley 758

Thoughts of a Farmer—IX. Summer Fallowing. Dr. Joseph M. Tanner 759

For the Increase of Faith 762 Missionary's Prayer. A Poem Annie G. Lauritzen 768

Lord of All Dr. James E. Talmage 769

Some Utah Birds—III. The Killdeer (Illustrated) Claude T. Barnes 773

The Creation and Growth of Adam William Halls 778

Temperance—Inspirations to Progress Heber J. Grant 779

Slaves Francis W. Cope 790

Oxford and the Rhodes Scholarships (Illustrated). B. H. Jacobson 793

How May a Young Man Gain Success? George D. Kirby 803 Editor's Table—Is Speculation a Legitimate

Means of Earning a Livelihood? Prest. Joseph F. Smith 806

Truth 808 Tracing the Genealogy of Ordination 809

Messages from the Missions 809

Seventy's Council Table B. H.Roberts 814

Mutual Work—Y. M. M. I. A. Statistics—For

Mutual Workers—New Superintendents 818

Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 819

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, as SecondClass Matter.

Vol. XI. AUGUST, 1908. No. 10.

PRACTICAL PRAYER AND HEALING.

BY PRESIDENT JOSEPH F. SMITH.

[An address before the evening session of the M. I. A. Conference held in

the Tabernacle, Salt Lake City, Utah, Sunday, June 14, 1908. Reported by F. W.

Otterstrom.]

The condition of my head is such that I do not feel much like attempting to make an address here tonight, as I have a bad cold,and so many good things have been said that it seems almost, if not entirely,unnecessary for me to attempt to add anything, or to repeat or refer to anything that has been already said. However,while sitting

here,considering that this is the concluding meeting of this memorable conference of the Young Men's and Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement Associations, the Primary Associations, and other associations, I suppose, more or less present with us, I thought that a few words from the Book of Mormon might be appropriate as concluding advice and counsel, written by the Prophet Moroni:

And now my brethren, I judge these things of you because of your peaceable walk with the children of men

For I remember the word of God, which saith by their works ye shall know them; for if their works be good, then they are good also.

For behold, God hath said, a man being evil cannot do that which is good; for

if Re offereth a gift, or prayeth unto God, eyeept he shall do it with real intent, it profiteth him nothing.

730 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

For behold, it is not counted unto him for righteousness.

For behold, if a man being evil, giveth a gift, he doeth it grudgingly; wherefore it is counted unto him the same as if he had retained the gift; wherefore he

is counted evil before God.

And likewise also it is counted evil unto a man, if he shall pray, and not with real intent of heart, yea, and it profiteth him nothing; for God receiveth none such

Here, indeed, is a text that would give an opportunity to one moved by the proper spirit, to make a telling discourse among the all, but applicable to far too Latterday Saints—not applicable to

many. It is not good for us to pray by rote, to kneel down and

repeat the Lord's prayer continually. I think that one of the

greatest follies I have ever witnessed is the foolish custom of men repeating the Lord's prayer continually without considering its meaning. The Lord gave this as a pattern to his disciples who

were going out into the world to preach the gospel. It was to

show them that they were not to use many words, but were to come directly to the Lord, and ask him for the things they might need, consequently one of the specific provisions in that prayer, and the example set, was: "Give us this day our daily bread;"and

we see people clothed with plenty, possessed of millions perhaps, and yet, if they pray at all, they repeat simply the Lord's prayer.

It thus becomes only a form; there is no power in it; neither is it

acceptable, because it is not offered from the heart, nor with the understanding; and I think that it is desirable for us to look well

to our words when we call upon the Lord. He hears us in secret,

and can reward us openly. We do not have to cry unto him with

many words. We do not have to weary him with long prayers.

What we do need, and what we should do as Latterday Saints, for our own good, is to go before him often, to witness unto him that we remember him, and that we are willing to "take upon us his name, keep his commandments, work righteousness; and that

we desire his Spirit to help us. Then, if we are in trouble, let us

go to the Lord and ask him directly and specifically to help us out of the trouble that we are in; and let the prayer come from the

heart, let it not be in words that are worn into ruts in the beaten tracks of common use, without thought or feeling in the use of those words. Let us speak the simple words, expressing our need,

that will appeal most truly to the Giver of every good and perfect gift. He can hear in secret; and he knows the desires of our

PRACTICAL PRAYER AND HEALING. 731

hearts before we ask, but he has made it obligatory, and a duty that we shall call upon his name—that we shall ask that we may

receive; and knock that it may be opened to us; and seek that

we may find. Hence, the Lord has made it a loving duty that we

should remember him, that we should witness unto him morning, noon and night, that we do not forget the giver of every good and perfect gift unto us

Wherefore, a man being evil, cannot do that which is good; neither will he

give a good gift.

For behold, a bitter fountain cannot bring forth good water'; neither can a

good fountain bring forth bitter water; wherefore a man being a servant of the

devil cannot follow Christ; and if he follow Christ, he cannot be a servant of the

devil.

Wherefore, all things which are good, cometh of God; and that which is evil

cometh of the devil; for the devil is an enemy unto God, and fighteth against him

continually, and inviteth and enticeth to sin, and to do that which is evil continually.

But behold that which is of God, inviteth and enticeth to do good continually;

wherefore, everything which inviteth and enticeth to do good, and to love God, and to serve him, is inspired of God.

Wherefore take heed, my beloved brethren, that ye do not judge that which is evil to be of God, or that which is good and of God, to be of the devil.

For behold, my beloved brethren, it is given unto you to judge, that ye may know good from evil; and the way to judge is as plain, that ye may know with a

perfect knowlege, as the daylight is from the dark night.

For behold, the Spirit of Christ is given to every man, that he may know good from evil; wherefore I show unto you the way to judge; for everything which

inviteth to do good and to persuade to believe in Christ, is sent forth by the power and gift of Christ; wherefore ye may know with a perfect knowledge it is

of God, But whatsoever thing persuadeth men to do evil, and believe not in Cnrist, and deny him, and serve not God, then ye may know with a perfect knowledge it is of the devil, for after this manner doth the devil work, for he persuadeth no man to do good, no not one; neither doth his angels; neither do they who subject

themselves unto him.

And now, my brethren, seeing that ye know the light by which ye may judge, which light is the light of Christ, see that ye do not judge wrongfully; for with

that same judgment which ye judge, shall ye also be judged.

Wherefore I beseech of you, brethren, that ye should search diligently in the light of Christ,. that ye may know good from evil; and if ye will lay hold upon every

good thing, and condemn it not, ye certainly will be a child of Christ (Moroni 7:

4-19).

I think that here, m the words that I have read, are some plain fingerboards, some plain, simple guideposts; and if we, as

732 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Latterday Saints, believing as we do in the divinity of this book which was translated by the gift and power of God, through the inspiration that came to the Prophet Joseph Smith, would read these words as believing children should read,with understanding, in faith, being sure that God inspired them, and then put them into practice, I think it would not be long before we could do away with appeals to bishops'courts, and highcouncils, and with the present necessity for teachers'visits, to try to settle difficulties among Latterday Saints. I believe every man would be his

own judge, for he would judge righteously, because he would judge in the light of Christ, in the light of truth, in the light of justice—not selfishly, not covetously, but in the light that has come

from the heavens in the latter day, through revelations from God.

Now, my brethren and sisters, I do not wish to detain you, I believe you have had a profitable time in coming together, and, as

Sister Connelly stated at the opening of her remarks, I believe that those who are here, and all those who have attended the conference today, as well as the officers who have attended the previous meetings, will leave feeling satisfied in their labors, and with what has been accomplished during this conference. May the Lord bless

you. May peace dwell in your hearts. May love abide in your

souls. May the mercy and favor of God abound in your homes

and around about you. May the hand of the destroyer be stayed;

and may every scourge of sickness and contageous disease be stayed in the midst of the people of God, and abroad in the world, among the elders, who are out in the world preaching the gospel.

It is marvelous to me that so many young men have met with sickness, and that so many, of late, in the missionary fields, have been called home. It does not seem as if this should be, and we

marvel at it. I wonder, sometimes, what is the cause. Of course,

I do not wish to express an opinion as to the cause of these things, but I fear that some of our brethren who go out into the world to preach the gospel, like some of us who remain at home, are exceedingly unwise in some things they do. I believe that we

should exercise wisdom in our labors. We should be cautious

about running into danger. We should shun danger and flee from

evil. We should avoid making mistakes and falling into error,

and, so far as we can, every appearance of sin. When I was on

PRACTICAL PRAYER AND HEALING. 733

missions I was called to administer to the sick, who were ill with almost every kind of disease. It was not uncommon that we were

called to administer to those who were sick with small pox. For

myself 'dared not turn away from the call of the sick, and I administered to some of them, when, owing to their appearance, it was almost impossible to tell that they were human beings, for they had the disease in its worst form. My guardians had taken

the precaution, in my youth, to have me vaccinated. I took the

disease, but had it in mild form, so that it did not leave even a mark upon my body. I am as satisfied as I can be that had it not

been for vaccination, I would have had the disease in very bad form. I believe that our elders ought to be vaccinated. Now, I

know that this will not be in accordance with some people's views.

We receive word that many of our elders, who have failed to attend to this matter, are exposed to the disease and become affected with it; and recently a number of them have had to be taken to

the pesthouses to be cared for.

Again, we should live right. We should not fast too long.

Some of the elders out in the world, according to intelligence that we have received, have gone days and days without food, fasting, trying to get some testimony or some witness of the Spirit. It is

unwise; it is not necessary; and we believe they should not do this;

let the testimony of truth come by continuous rightliving.

People expose themselves to danger, in many ways, when it could be avoided. We should think of these things, not only in

the missionary fields, but at home. We should not run into danger, unless duty calls us there; but if duty calls us, let us do our

duty, and leave the result in the hands of Providence.

The Lord bless you, and peace be unto you, my brethren and sisters; may we be united in the gospel; may we love the truth

with all our hearts. May we understand the truth as the Master

understood it, and as he understands and teaches it to us by the manifestations of his Spirit, that when we act in our callings as teachers and exemplars among the people, we may not be unwise. Let

us not go to extremes; let us not get excited, but be calm, and

exercise the spirit of truth in wisdom, in all that we do, and not allow ourselves to be carried away by every wind of doctrine, or by the spirits that are gone forth into the world to deceive. This is my

admonition, and my prayer for you, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

V

,, /; iiAiateMfe y|| Mki ''JSvHI

El jHHh

OUR PIONEER BOYS.

BY SOLOMON F. KIMBALL.

II.

The first winter spent by the pioneers in Salt Lake Valley was a quiet one. The surrounding tribes of Indians were on their

good behavior, as far as the new comers were concerned, although at war with each other. The victorious parties during such wars

scalped all the warriors whom they captured or killed. Their custom was to hang these scalps to their scalppoles which they took

great pride in exhibiting. The brave that could show the greatest

number was considered the greatest Indian of them all.

The young women and children were held as slaves, and sometimes treated in the most cruel manner. The red men were

not long in learning that the Saints were a tenderhearted people, and could not witness such scenes without sympathizing to the uttermost with those who were being tortured. Among the first

accounts given by the pioneers of this barbaric treatment is one found in Mary Ellen Kimball's journal from 184748, of which the following is a brief extract

There were a number of Indians camped near the hot springs, north of the fort. They had with them a little girl that had been captured from another

tribe. They offered to trade her for a rifle. Fire arms were scarce with the

pioneers; besides, it was not good policy to arm these cruel savages who might at

any time turn on those who had armed them. The Indians finally began to torOUR PIONEER BOYS. 735

ture the little one, at the same time declaring they would kill her unless the rifle was forthcoming. One of our pioneer boys, Charles Decker, whose heart was

wrung by witnessing such cruelty, very reluctantly parted with his only gun. He

took the little girl home, and gave her to his sister, Clara D. Young.

They named her Sally, and she lived in the family of President Brigham Young until she had grown to womanhood. Afterwards she married a noble and friendly Pauvante chief named

Kanosh. She made him a good wife, and did much towards civilizing him. He joined the

"Mormon"Church and died a faithful Latterday Saint.

That winter several other pappooses were purchased under similar circumstances.

The Indians lost no time in circulating the news; consequently the market was

soon overrun with captive children. The redskins continued to torture them in

the presence of the Saints, and to put a stop to this unnecessary cruelty the pioneers made great sacrifices, in order to purchase these innocent sufferers. Enoch

Reese bought three, PresiViroque dent Woodruff, one. The

Kimball family rescued three by purchase. In fact all leading families that could possibly spare the means traded for

one or more. Once in a while the bighearted merchant,

Thomas S. Williams, would load a pack train with Indian trinkets

which he traded to the different tribes for captive pappooses. For a reasonable amount he sold them to the settlers.

He presented to his daughter, Mrs. David P. Kimball, a handsome

little girl by the name of Viroque. She became a firstclass housekeeper, and, when grown, married a much respected white man,

nd had one child by him. She was of the Piede tribe, located

736 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

south of the Colorado river. William H. Kimball traded a horse for

a little boy he named Dave. A year or two later, the child's mother,

while passing through Salt Lake, happened to discover her longlost child. She was so overjoyed at finding him that William's

heart was touched, and he let her have her darling boy. In later

years the lad became prominent among the people of his tribe and was the means of saving Mr. Kimball's life, while the latter was

out in the mountains surrounded by hostile Indians. Dave finally

became chief of his tribe, and is now living on the Indian farm in

Dave Kimball, Age 61, and Wife.

OUR PIONEER BOYS. 737

Skull Valley. He still goes by the name of Dave Kimball, and

never fails to visit the older members of the Kimball family when he comes to Salt Lake.

The following is from President Brigham Young's journal, which goes to show how little regard the red men had for their slaves

The Utah Indian Chief Walker died at Meadow Creek, January 29, 1855, of lung fever. His brother, Arrowpene, was made chief. When Walker was very

sick he told his band to kill PaUtes and horses, thinking that would alleviate his suffering, but when he had killed two PaUte children, he was not relieved.

When nearly dead he told his people not to kill any horses or PaUtes at his death. After ten days illness, he died, and the Indians killed two PaUte squaws,

three children, a boy of twenty, and twenty horses.

Walker's warriors built a stone wall around his grave, and put a pappoose inside of the inclosure to be a servant to the deceased chief after he had reached the happy hunting ground. The

settlers, in that neighborhood could hear the child crying and moaning day and night until it died for want of food and water.

They dared not go near the place, as such a move would probably have brought death to them all. The traffic in pappooses was

kept up for a number of years. The Latterday Saints finally convinced the Indians that the Great Spirit was displeased with them,

on account of this cruel treatment to their captives, and the custom gradually died out.

Civilization was hard on these purchased children, and most of them died young, although a number, mostly males, are still living. The females made good housekeepers, and the males were

quite industrious, doing their share of outside work. After they

became civilized they naturally despised their own people. Most

of them were honest and virtuous, but the boys loved "fire water."

For several years after the pioneers arrived in the valley, the

Indians camped on the hills just back of W. S. McCornick's residence. When any one of their number died, they made the nights

hideous with their yells, songs and moans. They hacked their

limbs with knives and sharp rocks, torturing themselves in various ways. Their principal burying ground, in the neighborhood of

Salt Lake, was just north and west of where the Lafayette school house is now located. Hundreds of skeletons were unearthed in

that vicinity by the citizens who reburied them in a more suitable 738 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

place. The Indians were very impudent, and stole almost everything they could lay their hands on, even packing off stray children, once in a while. The new comers had to use a great deal

of wisdom and patienceto prevent the Indians from going on the war path. The authorities were continually warning the Saints against

doing anything that would cause a rupture. There were

two powerful tribes, in the north and east: Bannocks and

Shoshones. On the east,south

and west were the Utes, PaUtes,Goshe Utes,Weber Utes,

Pauvantes, besides several other tribes. Walker was the

first chief to declare war a- gainst the pioneers. The

first skirmish took place during the spring of 1849, in

Battle Creek canyon, just southeast of Pleasant Grove.

Chief Kone, called "Roman Nose,"lead the fight. Our

boys soon routed them, killing five of Walker's Indians, and never lost a man. Lieutenant William H. Kimball

had the horn of his saddle punctured with a bullet, and several of the Minute Men had their horses shot from One of the Indian captives purchased by Titus under them.

Billings, the pioneer of Sanpete Valley; now

residing in Salt Lake City with V. L. Halliday For the next eighteen

at whose home she has lived for thirty years. years our pioneer boys had

plenty to do. First one tribe and then another would become

hostile. Those were days of trials and treaties. These treaties

were made in different parts of the territory, 'but most generally in Salt Lake City. When the chiefs came to the latter place, for

i,hat purpose, they generally camped on the 16th ward square.

OUR PIONEER BOYS. 739

Sometimes, during: the early fifties, they camped on the vacant lot

west of where the Gardo House stands. Dimick B. Huntington

nearly always acted as interpreter, as he spoke the Indian language fluently, and was well liked by the red men. His house was generally

crowded with Indians from one year's end to another. Those were

busy and trying times for Uncle Dimick. The settlers had more

trouble with the Utes, under Chief Walker, than with any other tribe.

He was a terror to the Indians as well as the whites, and was always fomenting trouble.

The following note from President Brigham Young to Chief Walker shows how honorable and patient the authorities were with this bl oodthirsty savage, as well as with other rebellious chiefs:

Great Salt Lake City, July 25, 1853.

Captain Walker:—I send you

some tobacco for you to smoke in the mountains when you get lonesome. You are a fool for fighting

your best friends, for we are the best friends and only friends that you have in the world. Everybody

else would kill you if they could get a chance. If you get hungry send

some friendly Indians down to the settlements and we will give you

Gebow and his Squaw. some beefcattle and flour. If you

are afraid of the tobacco which I send you, you can let some of your prisoners try it first and then you will know that it is good. When you get good natured again I would like to see you.

Don't you think you would be ashamed? You know that I have always been your

friend.

Brigham Young.

Many times our pioneer boys have taken their lives in their own hands while carrying such messages into the stronghold of hostile Indians. There were many honest and noble chiefs among

the surrounding tribes. Among them were Washakie, chief of

740 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the Shoshones; Souiette,kingof the Utah nation; and Kanosh, chief

of the Pauvantes. It was no unusual sight, in those days, to see

Brigham Young, Heber C. Kimball, and other leading men, sitting

around in a circle with twelve or fifteen chiefs, smoking the pipe of peace. While the smoking was going on they would cross their

Washakie—A Portrait Presented to G. B. Kelly and Herman Pfeiffer, Nov. 10,

1896, at Fort Washakie, Wyo., by the noted Chief himself.

OUR PIONEER BOYS. 741

legs, Indian fashion, as they sat on the grass. Hours would first

be spent in going over in detail all important matters pertaining to their troubles. When they arrived at an understanding, an oldfashioned claypipe was brought forth and filled with tobacco.

The smoking would then commence in earnest. The pipe was

passed from one to another, and each one in his turn took several good whiffs. Before it had gotten around, they would have to refill it several times, as some of the red skins would keep it until

they were almost lost in smoke. After the council of peace was

dissolved, the gathering always wound up with a big feast which frequently took place on the 16th ward square, in front of Uncle

Dimick's residence. A couple of beef steers were generally killed

for the occasion, cut into chunks, and put into two or three large kettles. After the meat had been boiled, a couple of wagon

Joseph Walker, Chief of the Utahs, and Arrowpene, his Successor and Brother. From the Liverpool Route.

742 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

loads of bread, vegetables, and other eatables, were dumped out onto the grass. Then the powwow commenced. All the male

Indians for miles around came together, and the feast lasted as long as any food remained. The chiefs would then return to their

wigwam homes, with a broad smile on their faces that made the onlookers rejoice. The authorities would then send to the Indians'

headquarters several beef cattle, some loads of flour, tobacco, calico, and trinkets of various kinds. Peace then reigned supreme,

as far as that tribe was concerned,until they ran out of supplies. The

war whoop came next, then another treaty, pipe of peace, big feast, more supplies, broad smiles, and so it continued from year to year.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE JOY OF LIVING.

{For the Improvement Era.)

0, for the joy of living!

When we learn to live the whole time,

Content with our lot, with what it hath brought,

As part of the plan sublime.

Not indulging our joys for a season,

Then plunging deep into despair;

Concluding, perchance, in our dense ignorance.

Some other hath more than his share.

And reviling at fate that hath placed us

Within such a circumscribed sphere;

While others acquire all the heart could desire

Of riches, and comfort and cheer.

Nor wasting the time idly wishing

For luck to come smiling our way.

But striving to show how to live as we go,

As if each were our very last day.

Ah, how many live in the future

And dream precious lifetimes away;

Ever failing to see Now is Eternity,

For the present is with us for aye,

Then for the joy of living!

To be right in the midst of things;

And to labor, meanwhile, in a spirit and style,

That will make of us priests and kings.

Salt Lake City, Utah. LoN. J. Haddock.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF "ADDED UPON,""MARCUS KING,""the CASTLE BUILDER,"ETC.

VISITORS TO ENGLAND.

It was hard for Willard to decide whether or not he should accept Elder Donaldson's invitation to visit Liverpool, and meet the steamer which carried such important visitors to England.

The very evening after he had listened to Elder Donaldson's story, he had received a letter from home wherein he learned that the Grace Wells who was coming to Europe was the one he knew.

This certainly did not help him with his own uncertainty; and as

he reasoned with himself he could not help feeling "somewhat peculiar"at the prospect before him of meeting under such strange conditions the Grace Wells of his boyhood dreams.

But he at least decided that he would not act foolishly in the matter. He was old enough to do the proper thing, even if this

renewal of acquaintance with his young lady friend should not prove a pleasant experience. There were Elder Donaldson, his

wife and sister to consider; besides, it might be possible that

Grace Wells had, with the addition of years, added that to her character which he thought she had lacked years ago. And so

Elder Donaldson's invitation was accepted.

Willard was happy to learn of his friend's "luck."Elder

Donaldson had been in the field two and a half years, and he would no doubt be released, so that he could take his sightseeing trip free from the thought that he was neglecting any duty. "I wish

I could go with them,"he thought; but instantly put it away as

744 IMPR VEMENT ERA

some great pleasure which lay far beyond his reach; so that he

had no envious feeling towards his friends.

Willard had been in the field nearly two years. The mission

president had often tried to impress the elders with the truth that two years was not necessarily a mission period; and yet, somehow,

many of the elders felt as if every month over two years was good measure added to their missions. Willard was enjoying his

work very much. He realized that he was now more useful than

he had ever been before, and that a month at the latter end of a mission is worth two at the beginning; he, therefore, had no

desire to be released yet.

After Elder Donaldson's departure,Willard went back to work in earnest. He always felt as though he must work doubly hard

after he had spent a day or two of sightseeing, although he also realized that time spent in helping a visiting elder was not wasted.

Dwight Thornton was a frequent visitor to the elders'lodgings, and recently he had attended a number of meetings. He had

obtained employment, and as far as the missionaries could see, he was trying hard to reform. Nora Loring lived with her brother.

''Mormon"meetings. SheShe was now a regular attendant at the

often brought her sisterin-law with her, but her brother never could be prevailed upon to attend. He was "saved"to the end,

and that without the "works of the law,"as he explained.

Willard went to Bradford a week before the steamer which he was to meet was due. He spent a few days happily with Elder

Donaldson visiting Saints and friends. The Sisters Fernley at

Stonedale were the same kind friends. Sister Fernley seemed to

be much older; Bessie was the same lively talkative girl; and Elsa

had become a little more reserved. She was, however, the same

lovely girl, good and true and beautiful.

Try as he would, the ''somewhat peculiar"feeling which Willard experienced when thinking about Grace Wells became very much intensified the nearer he drew to the Liverpool Landing stage. The morning that the two elders set out from Bradford to

Liverpool, they found it difficult to do much taking. Elder Donaldson was, of course, supremely happy. It would have been hard

for Willard to say whether he was happy or not.

At the Church office at Liverpool, they obtained tickets ad746 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mitting them to the part of the Landing Stage reserved for the incoming steamers. They crowded through the throng of people

up to the rope barrier, gave up their tickets to the big policeman on guard, and were admitted on to the cleared space. The steamer

was out in the river, and by the aid of a tug was slowly making its way up to the Stage. As it drew nearer, the passengers could be

seen on the decks, eagerly looking towards the land. Elder

Donaldson scanned the crowd closely, and once or twice thought he caught a glimpse of his folks.

Slowly the huge vessel came alongside the Stage. Ropes were

thrown from the ship to the men in the small boats that lay a few rods out ready to receive them. Having secured the ropes, the

men rowed back to the pier with the heavy cables in tow, a loop of which they threw over the stanchion. The windlass on board

the steamer wound the rope around its iron drum, and in this way the vessel was drawn closely up and made fast.

The people on board pressed against the railing. They stood

dressed in their "land clothes,"with bags and trunks piled around them on the deck. The big platform on the Stage was properly

adjusted, the gang plank was pushed out to the ship and made fast, and then the steamship company's officers rushed across on board. An elder from the Liverpool office went with these officers

to give proper instructions to the company of missionaries that were on board.

Elder Donaldson soon discovered his wife and sister, and greeted them from the pier.

''Do you hear the American language?"asked Willard.

"Yes; I would not believe that we Americans speak so

through our noses, had I not heard it."

First came the saloon passengers down the passage way and into the custom house, then the second class, and lastly the third.

The "Mormons"were among the second class. Willard looked

closely among them for Grace Wells, but he could not see her until they came down the gangplank. Then he noticed a third

lady, well wrapped up, and supported by one of the missionaries.

She came down the steps slowly, and when she reached the platform Grace Wells stood before him. Yes, it was the same Grace,

She had changed very little, it seemed to Willard. She held out

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 747

her hand to him and appeared pleased to see him. Her face was

pale, as if she were not well, but she smiled as she told them she would be all right now that she had reached land again.

ill now,"explained Sister "Grace has been ill—in fact is

Donaldson. ''She must get to some place where she can rest before she can go on to Berlin."

"1 know such a place,"replied Willard—"Sister Fernley's."

"Just the place,"said Elder Donaldson.

After the inspection of the baggage, which is a very simple affair at Liverpool, Willard called a cab to take them to the station.

They decided it would be better for Grace to get out to Stonedale at once, and not take part in the crowd and rush incident to the arrival of the missionaries at the Church office. So farewells were

said. It is wonderful how strong the attachments become between

fellow travelers on a nine days'ocean voyage; and this is especially

true between Latterday Saints. The three ladies were called

"the girls,"and the missionaries, "the boys."They were all from

the West, and had western ways and manners. Many of the

"boys"wore their slouch hats pulled well down over their ears, and it could not be successfully contradicted that some of the girls chewed gum and talked with a pronounced nasal twang. However, who would be so bold as to find fault with the unpolished

edges of diamonds in the rough?

The five had a coinpartment to themselves in the train to

Bradford, and in that cozy condition the newness of acquaintanceship soon wore off. Elder Donaldson, of course, was all beams

and smiles, as was also his wife. Amy was not so demonstrative,

taking it all as a matter of course. This was not her first trip

away from home. She had "traveled"before. She could not

understand why she could not check her trunks and cases, and her brother had to assure her that there would be no trouble in getting them at the other end.

All that would be necessary would be to engage a porter to get them from the "luggage van"and put them on the cab.

"Will they give him our baggage without any checks?"she

asked.

, '"Oh, we just go along and pick out what is ours 'was the reply "Well, but suppose someone else should get there first and 748 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

claim our baggage. There is no reason why a thief shouldn't take

the whole lot. I don't understand."

it in England, "Nor I, my dear; but that's the way they do

and I haven't yet heard of any baggage lost in that way."

Grace was made comfortable with pillows in a corner of the compartment. Willard did for her what he could well do without

appearing oversolicitous. That he had determined not to be.

He had resolved to hold himself in proper check, no matter how she might affect him. She leaned back on her pillows and closed

her eyes, and Willard could see that she was even worse than she seemed to be. She appeared to him about the same girl whom he

had known. She had not changed much. She was older, of

course, and her beauty was more of the matured kind; but, strangely

enough, it was not this that appealed to Willard. Rather, it was

the girl of former days,that could yet be seen in the form and face and voice, that touched his tender heart that day.

It was yet early in the afternoon when they reached Bradford, and so it was decided to go directly out to Stonedale. There

were a goodly number of Saints in the city that would be pleased to entertain the visitors for a few days, but Grace must be looked after first. They, therefore, all went with her in the carriage

which Elder Donaldson had engaged.

"But what will they think of us, coming upon them like this?"

said Sister Donaldson.

"They will be delighted,"her husband assured her.

Amy couldn't "see it,"and even Grace murmured a faint expostulation.

"You girls cannot understand it,"I know, said Elder Donaldson; "but I tell you that Sister Fernley will consider it a great

pleasure. We are not bound by strict society rules in the mission

field, you must understand. If so, what would we poor elders do

who sometimes travel without purse or scrip? In your visiting, do

you always send your card ahead of you, eh, Willard?"

It was as Elder Donaldson had said. Sister Fernley received

them most graciously, and would have gladly housed all the girls;

but Sister Donaldson and Amy would not listen to that. Grace,

however, was "mothered"in a sweet way; and the sick girl's heart

went out to the gentle, pleasantfaced woman. Tbey had not long

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 749

to wait before Elsa came home from her school, and she too added her welcome to that of her mother's. Bessie came in later—came

into the house in, for her, a quiet way. There was a simple ''tea"

quietly arranged for all, and even Grace was tempted to eat one of the dainty slices of buttered bread.

Elder Donaldson went back to Bradford with his wife and sister, promising to call the next day.

"You will not be lonesome, will you, dear?"asked Sister

Donaldson of Grace before she left.

"I feel at home already,"she replied. "I think a few days

of rest will be all I need, and then I shall be able to go on my way."

"I hope so, dear—these people are very good."

Willard did not go back to Bradford. He was to remain at

Stonedale that night, so he was in no hurry to leave. The spring

day closed with a cool wind, and a fire was made in the grate.

Grace rested easily in the cheerful warmth, and while the sisters of the household were busy with home duties, Willard and Grace talked of affairs at home. He remained until he saw that she was

quite tired, and then he bade them all goodnight and left.

The next day Grace felt better, though she was prevailed upon to keep to her bed for a time.

When Elders Dean and Donaldson called in the afternoon they administered to her, and she thanked them sweetly for the blessing which she said she had received. On the following day the sick

girl was feeling so well that she was down stairs again. Elder

Donaldson had received his release, and as Amy especially was anxious to get to Paris on a certain date, they decided to set out immediately. Willard was to remain in Bradford and Stonedale a

few days. "We'll see you in Berlin,"they said to Grace as they left.

But Grace Wells'musical education was not to be completed in Berlin. On the third day of her stay at Stonedale, fever set in.

Her friends nursed her as carefully as they knew how, and used in connection with their faith and prayers all the simple remedies which they knew; but the fever and the weakness increased, and

then Willard brought a doctor, who was a good friend to the elders, to see her. He pronounced it a case of typhoid fever.

Good, careful nursing, said he, was what was needed; and the

good Saints of Stonedale under the supervision of Sister Fernley 750 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

provided it. Her traveling companions had gone, and Willard felt

that she had no nearer friend than him. He ought to remain

with her. They were neighbors at home, and why should he not

be her neighbor now, to the full extent of Christ's interpretation of that term? He wrote to the president, explaining the situation

and the reply was that he should stay.

The dreaded fever ran ibs course to the critical period. Sister

Fernley was not strong, and therefore could not do much; Bessie's

work at the mills prevented her from helping a great deal; and

so Elsa soon became the chief nurse. She spent all her spare time

at the sick girl's side. She watched far into the night, and none

seemed able to soothe the feverracked brain as well as she. Willard did what he could, and he acknowledged that that was not

much. He tried to do some missionary work, but he found that

his mind was rather on the palefaced girl who lay fevertossed at

Stonedale. All his faith and all his prayers went out for her.

And yet he said to himself, as he walked alone in the lanes across the nearby fields, why should it be so? Was he losing control of

himself again as he had done once before, years ago? There was

not a particle of reason for his thinking of Grace Wells other than as a friend. He would do his simple duty, and let that suffice.

But if he thought to deceive himself, he could not deceive others. Elsa Fernley read what was in his inner heart as easily

as if it had been printed in an open book. He would come and sit

by the hour in the Fernley home, talking when he could to the mother or to the girls—and the burden of his talk was the sick

girl up stairs. Sister Fernley was worn out, and yet Willard did

not notice it. Elsa's usually rosy cheeks took on the nature of her

patient's, but the change was lost on Willard. His one concern

was Grace Wells, plainly evident to all but himself.

The fever ran its course, and the patient took the turn for the better. The recovery was slow. The weeks went by. The English summer came, with its beauty of green and flowers. When

Grace was able to sit up, she loved to look out of the window over the fields and lanes; and then Willard Dean came and sat by her

and talked to her. If Elsa was in the room she would usually slip

out quietly and leave them alone; and yet the stupid Willard did

not even notice this.

(to be continued.)

SELFCONTROL*

BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN,

111.—THE RED TAPE OF DUTY.

Duty is the most overlauded word in the whole vocabulary of life. Duty is the cold, bare anatomy of righteousness. Duty

looks at life as a debt to be paid; love sees life as a debt to be

collected. Duty is ever paying assessments; love is constantly

counting its premiums.

Duty is forced, like a pump; love is spontaneous, like a fountain. Duty is prescribed and formal; it is part of the red tape of

life. It means running on moral rails. It is good enough as a

beginning; it is poor as a finality.

The boy who ''stood on the burning deck,"and who committed suicide on a technical point of obedience, has been held up to the school children of this century as a model of faithfulness to duty.

The boy was the victim of the blind adherence to the red tape of duty. He was placing the whole responsibility for his acts on

some one outside himself. He was helplessly waiting for instruction in the hour of emergency when he should have acted for himself. His act v/as an empty sacrifice. It was a useless throwing

away of a human life. It did no good to the father, to the boy,

to the ship cr to the nation.

The captain who goes down with his sinking vessel, when he has done everything in his power to save others, and when he can save his own life without dishonor, is the victim of a false sense of duty. He is cruelly forgetful of the loved ones on shore that he is

* From SelfControl; its Kingship and Majesty. Copyright 1889 and 1905

by Fleming H. Revell Company.

752 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sacrificing. His death means a spectacular exit from life, the cowardly fear of an investigating committee, or a brave man's loyal

yet misguided, sense of duty. A human life, with its wondrous

possibilities, is t o sacred an individual trust to be thus lightly thrown into eternity.

They tell us of the "sublime nobleness"of the Roman soldier of Pompeii, whose skeleton was found centuries afterward, imbedded in the once molten lava which swept down upon the doomed city.

He was still standing at one of the gates at his post of duty still grasping a sword in his crumbling fingers. His was a morbid

faithfulness to discipline from which a great convulsion of Nature released him. An automaton would have stood there just as

long, just as boldly, just as uselessly.

The man who gives one hour of his life to loving, consecrated service to humanity is doing higher, better, truer work in the world than an army of Roman sentinels paying useless tribute to the red tape of duty. There is in this interpretation of duty no

sympathy with the man who deserts his post when needed; it is

but a protest against losing the essence, the realness of true duty in worshiping the mere form.

Analyze, if you will, any of the great historic instances of loyalty to daty, and whenever they ring true you will find the presence of the real element that made the act almost divine. It

was love. It was no mere sense of duty that made duty,—plus

Grace Darling risk her life in the awful storm of sixty years ago, when she set out in the darkness of night, on a raging sea, to rescue the survivors of the wreck of The Forfarshire. It was

the sense of duty, warmed and vivified by a love of humanity, it was heroic courage of a heart filled with divine pity and sympathy.

Duty is a hard, mechanical process for making men do things that love would make easy. It is a poor understudy to love. It

is not a high enough motive with which to inspire humanity. Duty

is the body to which love is the soul. Love, in the divine alchemy

of life, transmutes all duties into privileges all responsibilities into joys.

The workman who drops his tools at the stroke of twelve, as suddenly as if he had been struck by lightning, may be doing his

SELFCONTROL. 753

is doing nothing more. No man has made a greatduty,—but he

success of his life or a fit preparation for immortaUty by doing merely his duty. He mast do that—and more. If he puts love

into his work, the "more"will be easy.

The nurse may watch faithfully at the bedside of a sick child as a duty. But to the mother's heart the care of the little one, in

the battle against death, is never a duty; the golden mantle of

love thrown over every act makes the word "duty"have a jarring sound, as if it were the voice of desecration.

When a child turns out badly in later years, the parent may say, "Well, I always did my duty by him."Then it is no wonder

the boy turned out wrong. "Doing his duty by his son,"too often

implies merely food, lodging, clothes and education supplied by the father. Why a public institution would give that! What the

boy needed most was deep draughts of love; he needed to live in an

atmosphere of sweet sympathy, counsel and trust. The parent

should ever be an unfailing refuge, a constant resource and inspiration, not a mere larder or hotel, or wardrobe or school that furnishes these necessities free. The empty boast of mere parental

duty is one of the dangers of modern society.

Christianity stands forth as the one religion based on love, not duty. Christianity sweeps. all duties into one word,—love.

Love is the one great duty enjoined by the Christian religion.

What duty creeps to laboriously, love reaches in a moment on the wings of a dove. Duty is not lost, condemned or destroyed in

Christianity; it is dignified, purified and exalted, and all its rough

ways are made smooth by love.

The supreme instance of generosity in the world's history is not the giving of millions by someone of great name; it is the giving of a mite by a widow whose name does not appear. Behind

the widow's mite was no sense of duty; it was the full, free and

perfect gift of a heart filled with love. In the Bible "duty"is

mentioned but five times; "love"hundreds.

In the conquest of any weakness in our mental or moral makeup; in the attainment of any strength; in our highest and truest

relation to ourselves and to the world, let us ever make "love"our watchword; not mere "duty."

If we desire to live a life of truth and honesty, to make our 754 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

word as true as our bond, let us not expect to keep ourselves along the narrow line of truth under the constant lash of the whip of duty. Let us begin to love the truth, to fill our mind and life

with the strong white light of sincerity and sterling honesty. Let

us love the truth so strongly that there will develop within us, without our conscious effort, an everpresent horror of a lie.

If we desire to do good in the world, let us begin to love humanity, to realize more truly the great dominant note that sounds in every mortal, despite all the discords of life, the great natural bond of unity that makes all men brothers. Then jealousy, malice,

envy, unkind words and cruel misjudging will be eclipsed and lost in the sunshine of love. The greatest triumph of the nineteenth

century, is not its marvelous progress in invention; its strides in

education; its conquests of the dark regions of the world: the spread

of a higher mental tone throughout the earth; the wondrous increase in material comfort and wealth,—the greatest triumph of

the century is not any nor all of these; it is the sweet atmosphere

of Peace that is covering the nations; it is the growing closer and

closer of the peoples of the earth. Peace is but the breath, the

perfume, the life of love. Love is the wondrous angel of life that

rolls away all the stones of sorrow and suffering from the pathway of duty.

[to be continued.]

SUNSET.

Roll, roll, roll!

Wild waves of old ocean, roll!

Embosomed and hot on your heaving breast,

On the silvery sheen of your billowy crest.

The feverish sun as he sinks to rest,

Burns like a red, red coal.

Theo. E. Curti:

Salt Lake City, Utah.

AN EXPERIENCE OF THE PLAINS.

BY JOB SMITH, A PIONEER OP 1848.

It might interest the readers of the Era to learn of a rather novel experience which myself and others had about the 6th and 8th of August, 1854. I was captain of a train of forty wagons

bringing English emigrants from Kansas City to Salt Lake City.

At thft date named, we took our noon halt a few miles east of

Laramie, halting near the road. Between the road and the Platte

river, at a distance of several hundred yards from the road, was a very large encampment of Indians, said to be two or three thousand strong who were quite friendly. From the road we could see a

large bowery, roofed and walled up with branches of green trees, in which evidently there was ''something doing."Out of curiousity myself and Elder Martel walked over, and, meeting with no opposition, stood in the doorway where we were surprised to see inside the bowery a very strange sight, and to hear strange music.

What was said to be a sacrifice was being offered, and a ghostor other kind of dance was being performed.

Looking straight in from the doorway was an Indian, standing a few yards away, naked, except the usual "clout."Around him

were four posts, about four or five feet apart, each set in the ground and secured in place at the top, forming the four corners of a square, the Indian in the middle. Securely tied into the Indian's skin, back of each shoulder and upper arm, back of each hip

and front of thigh, were strong buckskin strings, (eight altogether) each string passed upwards nearly tight to one of the posts and was securely tied to it; thus each post received two strings, so that

the Indian could not move without pulling on the strings. This was

called the sacrifice. Beyond him a few feet were a half circle of

756 - IMPROVEMENT ERA.

one, alsoother Indians standing, also naked, a dozen or so—each

the sacrifice, having a flute or whistle in his hands.

To the left, in a corner, was a tanned Buffalo skin stretched tight by two pegs driven into the ground. Beside it sat an Indian to

beat time with a small club. As he struck the drum, each Indian

in the half circle, together with the sacrifice, would jump, and simultaneously blow their whistles, which was timed by the drum about one second apart. This, kept up a half minute or more,

would then cease for perhaps another half minute. Then start

again. We were informed that this exercise had been already

continued twentyfour hours without intermission, and was intended to be continued until the "sacrifice"should become so exhausted as to fall down and tear every string out of his body. The other whistlers were there for his encouragement.

After fully satisfying our curiosity, we returned to our camp and moved along on our journfy..

Following us some hours afterward was another train of emigrants, which made camp for the night, not very far from the locality aforesaid. One of their cows becoming lame was left behind to rest, with a view of returning for her later when she had

become able.

But in the meantime, an Indian from the big camp, finding the cow alone, killed her and took the meat to the Indian camp. The

emigrant, on going back after the cow, not finding her, went straight to the Port and complained of the Indians for stealing his cow, whereupon the commander at the Fort ordered out a posse of twenty men to go and make claim for the cow. What specific

orders were given to the officer in command of the posse is not known, but the story goes that there was a log shanty in the vicinity where whiskey was dispensed to soldiers, traders, or emigrants; and the "command,"on their way to the Indian camp, paid

this place a fraternal visit and became unusually braced up for a contest about the cow. Instead of being satisfied with pay for the

cow, which the Indian offered, the claim was made for the Indian to be given up to the military for punishment for stealing the cow.

To this the Indians objected and refused positively to give the man up. A row followed; the officer either himself fired or commanded one of his men to do so, which he did, killing it is said

AN EXPERIENCE OF THE PLAINS. 757

one of the chiefs; whereupon the Indians, maddened with revenge,

poured a shower of arrows at the poor soldiers, killing seventeen of them on the spot. The Indians then pulled up their encampment and moved across the river.

The news of this horrible affair reached my company the next forenoon, as we were climbing a long hill on our way, the messenger warning us to prepare for defense, as the Indians were mad

There was, however, but one thing for us to do, and that was to make as good haste as possible to a camping place and be prepared for what might happen.

Very provokingly, on our way before reaching a camp ground, one of our wagons broke down, and a stay was necessary to repair the wagon and protect, if necessary, the inmates However, we got safely to camp and spent a very nervously watchful night.

Guarding the Train, 1861

Next morning we were agreeably surprised by being informed by another messenger that the Indians were peaceable, but that the safest plan was to make the best possible time, in making distance between us and possible danger.

768 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

Before the last messenger arrived, however, we were somewhat frightened by seeing large volumes of smoke arisefrom the eastward which inclined us to think the Indians were destroying the fort by fire, and would thus be liable to follow us for vengeance. But no damage to emigrants was reported, only the loss

of a sorefooted cow.

Sugar House, Utah.

"1 LIFT MINE EYES TO THE HILLS."

{For the Improvement Era.)

Along the road in the valley I stumble thro'dust and heat,

O'er stones that bruise and hinder

My weary, lagging feet.

The burden of life is heavy, I think, as I plod along, Then lift my eyes to the mountains;

And their glory makes me strong!

Majestic heights that reach above me,

Where the purple shadows fall.

With eternal snows upon them, And God's silence over all.

Then I praise the God of mountains,

And my heart bursts forth in song,

And I cheer my weaker brother;

And the way seems not so long.

For the peace, that once was promised

To my weary heart, is given, And I know that all my trials Are to fit my soul for heaven.

Maud Baggarley.

Waterloo, Utah.

THOUGHTS OF A FARMER.

BY DR. JOSEPH M. TANNER.

IX.—SUMMERFALLOWING.

In farming, in Southern Alberta, especially where wheat is practically the only crop, and where moisture is very scarce, we practice what is called summerfallowing; that is, the ground is

planted to wheat only every other year. Alternate summers it is

summerfallowed by plowing, disking and harrowing, so as to keep, in the first place, as much moisture in the soil as possible, and in the second place, to expose as much of the soil as possible to the action of the oxygen and carbonic acid of the air.

If ground were sowed to crop every season, it would soon become deficient in plant food and also in moisture, so that the plants would have less to eat and less to drink. Plants must eat

and drink if they are to grow well, just as human beings eat and drink to make them grow.

Did it ever occur to you that men sometimes go along through life exercising, all the time, their powers in one direction without any rest, or without any change? The work they do makes a constant demand on their natures, until in time their powers diminish

and a process of stagnation sets in, and they become dry and crisp just like a stock of wheat that lacks both plantfood and moisture.

Have you ever noticed such men in life? Sometimes we say

of them, they have fallen into a rut. Of course, people get their

growth as a rule by the time they are twentyone years of age, but that growth refers to their physical nature. They may grow

after they become of age, spiritually and intellectually. They may

develop grand qualities of the heart, and develop the most beautiful and broadening attributes which God made possible in the human soul.

760 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Now, men who have a fixed vocation in life, and have set their minds upon a single purpose, and pursue that purpose relentlessly day by day throughout their entire lives, naturally become hardened and narrow. Many of the beautiful qualities which God

gave to human life dry up and wither away, and they are therefore in a very starved condition. You see, sometimes, men upon tbe

streets who are lank and lean, who are so withered up physically that you say a gust of wind would blow them away. It is easy to

pick out such men wherever you meet them, because the physical eye detects the physical withering of the body; but there are other

men who have plump, round bodies, but who have withered souls and withered minds. There is wanting in them friendship, love,

charity, sympathy, sometimes even sociability.

What is the trouble with those men? The scientific farmer

will tell you that they need summerfallowing. They need a rest.

They must have a changed condition. How is this changed condition to come to them? They must support their families, and they

imagine, therefore, that they must pursue, day by day, without rest or change, the single occupation to which they are devoting their lives. It is true that the wife and children must have bread

to eat, but, after all, man does not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God. As a

rule, it may be safe to say that the life of a man so hardened and so limited, however much bread it may bring to the house, brings little love, sympathy, charity and heartfelt cordiality. Men,

therefore, should change their course of life, for a season at least, and allow the air and the sunshine of heaven to penetrate their being, and give an increased supply of food to their better

lives.

yield to Just stop arid think of Nature's ways,—how we must

her demands, or she shuts off our supplies. So it is with God's

ways in respect to the human being. We must yield to his regulations or we shut off from our souls the spiritual powers

which he gives us, and the attributes of his life cease to be the attributes of ours. Stop and think for a moment how he has dealt

in the past with his people, how he deals with them now, how he changes their circumstances, how he permits them to be driven, how they are called upon missions, and undergo a process of

THOUGHTS OF A FARMER. 761

spiritual summerfallowing, that their souls may take on a new life, food; that the air and moisture of heaven may work spiritual

changes in them, as they work chemical changes in the soil

The school teacher might say that the farmer was giving his land a year s vacation, that is exactly what he is doing, but that vacstion is not mere idleness. It is a period in which nature is

given an opportunity to work, to supply that which in the soil has been exhausted. Now, some men take out of their lives all

meditation. They have no time to dream; they have no time to

open their souls to new and beautiful impressions. The result is

their souls dry up and wither away. The finer qualities of life are

taken out of them in some pursuit that controls and enslaves them. They cease to be the masters of toil, and are subservient

creatures of an exacting and hardening labor.

I once heard a conversation something like this: A,

addressing B, wondered how B managed to provide food and raiment for the large family whose care B was responsible for. B replied that he found it easier to provide food and

raiment, than he did to provide contentment, love, happiness, and good cheer. He found that it was quite easy for him, in the customs and spirit of the age, to drift into the rut of material existence and neglect the spiritual and intellectual attributes of what

is, after all, the higher and better life. In the modern struggle

for financial supremacy, men are losing some of the best and most beautiful qualities of life. What thousands of men, therefore,

need, more than anything else in the world, is the process of summerfallowing, some time for meditation, for the unfolding of their human nature in such a manner as to receive those divine attributes which the atmosphere of heaven would distil upon their souls, were their lives left free and open to receive them.

Alberta, Canada.

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH.

A REMARKABLE TESTIMONY MEETING.

That was an inspiring, unusual and magnificent sight witnessed in the Salt Lake Tabernacle on Sunday morning, at the conjoint officers'meeting of the M. I. A., June 14, 1908. About

four thousand people assembled in a testimony meeting—we doubt

anything like it has ever before been witnessed in the history of the Church. The spirit of testimony was richly manifest; so

much so, that often two or three persons, and sometimes four or five, would arise at once to testify. The testimonies were calm,

deliberate and earnest, and were inspiring to both young and old.

It was feared that, owing to the size of the hall, difficulty would be experienced in hearing, but there was little or no complaint on this account. During the time allotted, sixteen brethren and

nineteen sisters testified of God's goodness to them; of the truth

of the gospel; and their knowledge of the divinity of the latterday work established by the Prophet Joseph Smith. Many of those

who spoke were workers in the Mutual Improvement Associations, but there were others who, catching the spirit of the occasion, could not refrain from expressing their joy in the work of the

Lord. We have only space to print two or three of these testimonies, as reported by Elder F. W. Otterstrom. The blessings

upon the people and the testimony of President Joseph P. Smith,

given at the close of the meeting and printed in this connection, will serve to stimulate and encourage the laborers and the investigators in the great latterday work:

THE SPIRIT BEARETH WITNESS.

My Dear Brethren and Sister:—I wish to bear my testimony, this

morning, to the truth of the gospel. I can assure you that this is

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH. 763

a great joy to me to be permitted to meet with you here. I know

what it is to be without the gospel, for I have been in the Church only two years, but they have been the happiest years of my life. My mother and my people were raised in the Methodist

church: we were Southern Methodists; but I was never satisfied

with any of the religious denominations, and I went from one church to another, until two years ago, in Portland, Oregon, I received the gospel. I went to a Latterday Saints meeting, one

afternoon, out of mere curiosity—not expecting to receive the

truth. I had never heard a ''Mormon"speaker, but after being

in the building just a few moments, I knew there was something there that was different from other places.

After I had been in the meeting a short time, the Spirit of the

Lord came into my heart, and I knew that Joseph Smith was a true prophet of the living God. If I had never attended another

meeting, but had gone out in the world again and heard any one vilify that noble man, I would have stood up and said: I know that

Joseph is the prophet of the living God. I had the privilege of

attending the next meeting of that little branch in Portland, Oregon, and that day the truth came to my heart that the gospel the

Latterday Saints leach is the true and only gospel. I thank my

Heavenly Father that I was prepared to embrace it at that time.

It was not a great while until I went into the holy waters of baptism. The Lord has blessed me every day and every moment, and

I feel that I would rather give up my life than ever deny those principles. It was hard for me to keep the Word of Wisdom. We

were Southern people, and always had our coffee. After I was

married,, my husband used to tell me, Mamma, you must keep the

Word of Wisdom; and I said, I will, just as soon as I can. Time

went on, and it seemed I never got to the point where I could give up my coffee; so the Lord permitted us to be stricken with the

smallpox; and when my babes were threatened with the dread

disease, then my eyes were opened, and I knew the Lord had permitted that to come upon us. I thank his holy name that he has

taken away from me all desire for coffee and things like that; and

from that time until this I have never tasted these things. With

I know he will give it to me—I will never disobeyhis help—and

those words again.

764 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

I ask that the Lord may keep us faithful, and may he bless each and every one of us, I ask it in the name of Jesus Christ.

Amen.

DRIFTED AWAY—BROUGHT BACK BY THE SPIRIT.

I came here today it My Dear Brethren and Sisters:—When

was the furthest thought from my mind that I would bear my testimony. I was bom a girl of "Mormon"parents, but I drifted

from the Church, and from its teachings, and until middle life, I was ashamed for anybody to think that I was a * 'Mormon."I

never would go near a "Mormon"church. I would go to any

church in the world rather than to a "Mormon"church; but there

came a time when the gospel came to me with such force that I was bound to accept it. I cannot tell you how it came; but it

came exactly like the promptings of the Spirit led me to stand up today and bear, before this magnificent congregation,the testimony

I have of the truthfulness of the gospel. I am more thankful

than I can tell for this privilege, because I feel that it is the greatest privilege that will ever come to me, in being able to stand before all of these intelligent people. While you are strangers to

me, I feel that I am right in the bosom of my own family.

May God bless us all with a testimony of the gospel, and help us to be faithful, that we may never deny it, because it is true;

and I bear this testimony to you, in the name of Jesus. Amen.

"MY MOTHER'S RELIGION IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR ME."

Brethren and Sisters:—My heart has been made glad, and my

soul has'been fed with the beautiful testimonies that have been borne here this morning. I know that God lives. I kn6w that

Jesus Christ died for me and for you. I know that "Mormonism"

is true, and I am glad, my brethren and sisters, that my parents were called by the voice of the Good Shepherd from the world unto these mountain tops, that I might be born under the new and everlasting covenant and be an heir to the great things that God has in store for his children.

A few evenings ago, while standing on a street corner in this city, I heard a man, who was speaking, propound this question to those who were listening; he said: "Is there any one in this crowd

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH. 765

whose mother's religion is good enough for him?"No one answered

that question; but, my brethren and sisters, here in this holy

temple of God, this morning, I desire to state that my mother's religion is good enough for me.

A few weeks ago, my mother took from her chest a letter letter that was written by her father nearly athat is faded—a

half century ago. She had gone to a city to work, and the news

had come to my grandfather that his daughter, or my mother, had embraced "Mormonism."He wrote this letter, and I never heard

such pleading from a father to a child, urging her to retract and not affiliate with the "Mormon"people. He said: "My child, I have

reared you with the hope that you would be an honor to the family.

It has always been the prayer of my heart, to my God, that I would have joy in my old age, to see you a true Christian, in the

Lutheran church."My mother went and wrestled with the Lord

for weeks and weeks until finally her prayer was answered. She

wrote back to my grandfather and said: ''Father, I love you. It

breaks my heart to receive such a letter from you, but my Father in Heaven has borne witness unto me that this work is true; and

between you and my Father in Heaven, I must receive the voice of him."Yes, my brethren and sisters, the religion of my mother is that I, her son, am following my mothergood enough for me,—not

blindly; I have received her testimony, I know she is a pure woman.

I thank God for her truthfulness and virtue. There is nothing she

could say to me but what I would believe; but above this testimony,

my Father in Heaven has borne witness unto my spirit that "Mormonism"is true. Thank God that I have a mother who has a religion that is good enough for me; and I believe that every one in

this audience can voice the same sentiments, and I believe there are tens of thousands of young people throughout the vales of

Zion and in the world who will stand up and say: Yes, I know

that ''Mormonism"is true, and thank God that the religion of my mother is good enough for me. God bless you all. Amen.

BLESSING AND TESTIMONY OF PRESIDENT JOSEPH

F. SMITH.

President Joseph F. Smith said: Brethren and Sisters:—

There is not sufficient time to meet the desires of the people who 766 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

are gathered here in a meeting of this kind. Some of us have

appointments that we must fill, and the hour has come for our dismissal for the noon. I desire, however, to say that I have enjoyed very much the calm and deliberate testimonies that have

been given to us here today, by our brethren and sisters who have spoken, and the earnestness with which they have expressed their hearts'desires. Inasmuch as I have been busy all the week, and

have not had the privilege of attending the meetings and gatherings of the Mutual Improvement associations which were held on

Saturday, I wish to say just a few words now.

I believe with you in the divinity of the mission of the prophet

Joseph Smith, just as T believe, with all my heart, in the divinity of the mission, and atonement, and resurrection of our Lord and

Savior Jesus Christ. I believe that I can say with all truth and

soberness that I do know that my Rerleemer lives. I feel it in

every fiber of my being, as expressed by those who have spoken.

I believe in this gospel—the Gospel of Jesus Christ, commonly

called "Mormonism."I am very thankful that my mother believed in it, and that, therefore, her religion, as well as that of

my father, is good enough for me.

While the good brother was speaking in relation to the religion of his mother and that of her father, and contrasting it, this thought entered my mind: Yes; why should he not be satisfied with the religion of his mother, since her religion comprehends and circumscribes all religion. It goes beyond, and above,

all the conceptions of religion held by the world. The

religion of his mother possesses the power to redeem her father's family, who did not believe it, who did not know of its truth, who did not understand it, and through prejudice would not receive it.

The religion that they possessed, and that they knew and followed, had no power beyond the things of the present day and the present life. Why should we not rather prefer the religion that has

power to go back to the beginning of time, and that reaches forward to the end of time, and comprehends the necessities and the conditions of every soul that has ever lived in the world, or that will ever live in the world, even to the winding up scene? Surely

the children of the Latterday Saints may be justified in saying that the religion of their fathers and mothers is a religion that is

FOR THE INCREASE OF FAITH. 767

good enough for them. I trust that we will ever live up to its

teachings, and that we will feel as the good sister now feels, who confessed that she was born of "Mormon"parents, but drifted away. The Spirit of the Lord followed her, and though she became ashamed to be known as a Latterday Saint, or as a "Mormon,"or being connected with the Spirit clung to her, them—yet

until it brought her back to a new love for the religion of her parents, the Gospel of the Lord Jesus Christ, which is the power of

God unto salvation.

I want to thank you, my brethren and sister, who have borne your testimonies of the truth here today. I know the gospel is the

truth. The principles of the gospel appeal to me upon their own merit. I need no outward testimony with reference to their truth, for

they bear the very insignia of truth, and they appeal to my judgment, and to my sense, and they convince me that they are good, that they are true—that they are from above, not from beneath.

Therefore, I receive the gospel in my heart, on its merits. I need

no wonderful spiritual manifestation to know that these principles are true, for God has endowed me with a degree of common sense with this com-—ordinary comprehension and understanding—and

mon sense and ordinary comprehension which the Lord has blessed me with, I am able to weigh the gospel of Jesus, and I see in it the principles of life and salvation, principles of righteousness, principles of truth and of godliness, and they are indeed the power of God unto salvation unto all that will receive them.

May the Lord bless this congregation, these people who are here representing this great cause 'of Mutual Improvement, and all associated with this work. May the blessing of life attend you,

and may the power of God and the power of the Holy Priesthood rest upon you, brethren and sisters, to lead you in the discharge of your duties, and to make you proficient in the performance thereof. Above all things in the world, let us keep our eyes upon

the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, and upon the principles of truth revealed in the gospel; and though we may be

offended at men, let us never be offended with the truth. Let us

cleave to God, though all men fail. Let us not depart from him.

Let us cleave to the redeeming promise and pov:er of the Son of

God, though all other people in the word, near or far, depart from 768 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

it. Let us abide in the truth that has been revealed in this dispensation, testifying to the divinity of the mission of the Prophet

Joseph Smith, though we stand alone in the world in that belief and in that faith, for I tell you that all the error in the world cannot weigh in the balance against one simple principle of the gospel which pertains to God and godliness, and the principles of righteousness in the earth. The Lord bless you, my brethren and

sisters. May he bless the cause of Zion. May he bless the youth

of Zion, and the Latterday Saints everywhere, and lead them calmly and dispassionately to weigh the truth in the light of truth, and under the promptings and influence of the Spirith that comes from God, that they may learn the truth, that it may enter into their souls and become a part of their very life and being, that no power on earth or beneath the heavens may ever turn them aside from their duty in the work of the Lord. This is my prayer for

you, and for all Israel, in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

THE MISSIONARY'S PRAYER.

Lord, make me equal to the task

That thou dost daily set for me.

Aid me, Lord, I humbly ask Keep me from sin and evil free.

E'en as I journey here below.

Keep thou my mind on heaven above;

Thy mercies, Lord, on me bestow let me feel thy wond'rous love.

And, as I labor day by day.

Thy gospel plan make plain to me;

Dear Savior, lead me in the way

The path of life eternally.

Help me to find the honest souls

Who daily seek and pray for light;

For them a true example set;

Lead thou and guide me in the right.

Savior, I am poor and weak;

Bless me with wisdom, love and faith;

Give me the courage, Lord, to speak

Thy word of truth, come life or death.

RichSeld, Utah Annie G. Lauritzen.

LORD OF ALL.

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, F. R. S. E.

It is one of the weaknesses of man to question the omnipotence of God. Human ignorance challenges Divine wisdom. The

infinitesimally small arrays itself against the infinitely great. The

atom believes itself the universe.

It is my privilege to retire at intervals to a place of seclusion and rest, in the upper part of a large building, far above the rattle and roar of the city street. My room is lighted by large windows; and these, whenever I leave them ajar, afford egress to a

variety of winged visitors of the insect tribe, such as flies, gnats, beetles, bees, and butterflies; and, if I leave the casements open

when I work at night, moths that fly in the darkness come to me.

When I retire to this room after an absence of several days, I find a number of insects on desk, table and floor. Their deaths are

evidently due to the dry atmosphere of the closed room.

Three days ago, while I was writing in the room, a wild bee from the neighboring hills came to visit me, entering through the crevice of the slightly opened window. When I was ready to

leave, I threw the casement wide, and tried to drive the bee to liberty and safety. I pursued the flying creature, vigorously

striking and swishing with a towel, knowing well that if it remained in the room it would die. The more I tried to drive it out,

the more fiercely did it resist. Its erstwhile peaceful hum became

an angry roar; its flight became hostile and threatening. At last

it caught me off my guard, and stung my hand—the hand that

had tried to drive it to safety. Then it alighted on a carved projection of the ceiling, beyond my reach of aid or injury.

*Written for publication in Japan.

770 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Today, I returned to the room, and found the shriveled corpse of the captive bee on my desk where it had fallen from the ceilingpoint of fancied safety.

To the bee's shortsighted mind I was a foe, a persistent pursuer, a mortal enemy seeking its destruction. Yet, in truth I was

its friend, offering a ransom of the life it had forfeited through its own error, striving to drive it in spite of itself from the prison of death to the open air of liberty.

Notwithstanding the sharp wound of its sting, I had no unkind thought, but rather pity and commiseration for the foolish creature. The bee paid for its stubbornness with its life.

As to ourselves and the bee, are we so exalted that the analogy fails?

Since the beginning of human history, man has sought to measure Omnipotence by human standards. Fleeting pleasure has

been preferred to enduring happiness; the gilded bauble of the

present is chosen rather than the true gold of eternal worth.

To gauge Omnipotence by the yardstick of mortal weakness, is noto arraign Omnipotence at the bar of human wisdom—this

achievement worthy of modern praise, no mark of civilization or advancement. Yet such has been the usual course of man from

the earliest time.

It is written in Arabic lore of the long ago that a holy man once questioned the deeds of an angel of God. Thus runs the

story An angel came to earth on special errand bent. Moses, the

lawgiver of Israel, met him and said: "Let me go with thee that

I may learn how God doth deal with man."The angel replied:

"Thou couldst not understand my acts; yet, if thou wilt, thou

mayest go with me; but question not what I shall do, whate'er it

be."Moses and the angel journeyed together. They came to the

shore of a lake whereon were many fishing boats. From one of

these the angel struck away the boards, and the boat sank near to the shore. Moses was angered and demanded, "What means this?

Dost thou destroy without cause?''The angel answered, "I told

thee thou couldst not understand."

Anon they met an Arab boy wending his way joyously along

LORD OF ALL. 771

the road. Upon him the angel breathed the breath of death; the

boy fell and expired. Then Moses spake, "What ill deed is this?

Dost thou slay the innocent?"Again the angel said, "I knew

thou couldst not understand. Question me not; or leave me."

Onward they journeyed. They entered a village on the outskirts of which they stopped at a cottage. The garden wall was

old and crumbling. The angel pushed upon it and it fell, crushing

and spoiling the garden growth of vegetables and herbs. Then

Moses broke forth, "Why dost thou destroy and spoil?"The

angel answered, "I told thee thou couldst not understand. Now

here we part, thou and I. Go thou the ways of earth, while I follow the appointed ways of heaven. Yet, before thou leavest I

would thus make plain, that the name of my Lord be exalted and extolled: "The boat I broke belonged to poor fisher folk. Without the

boat their livelihood is gone. But there cometh now a king's company along that coast, seizing all goodly boats. When the king's

company has passed, the fisher folk, who are faithful before the

Lord, will raise their boat while all the rest have gone.

"Touching the Arab boy—he was a goodly youth, but so great

a power hath Satan over him that had he lived two moons more he would have slain his brother. Now his brother lives to bless his

people, and the boy dies without guilt of blood.

live "As to the cottage and the garden wall—two worthy men

there. Their father loved his Lord. The father for safe keeping

hid a treasure beneath the wall; this the sons will find, building up

the ruins, and they will be enriched."*

Thus it is shown that mortal afflictions ofttimes mean Divine blessings Yet, let it not be thought that dread calamities and dire distresses occur as a direct result of the will and purpose of a loving

God. He rejoices not in the anguish and suffering of his children.

Having endowed them with the rights of agency and individual freedom, he permits the exercise of this agency even tothebringParaphrase of No. 77 of Pearls of the Faith, as translated by Sir Edwin

Arnold; "Praise him, Al Mutahali; whose decree is wiser than the wit of man

anc see."Compare Koran, chap, xviii.

772 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ing about of suffering and vicissitude. Even the Omnipotent may

not shield man from the ill effects of voluntary actions without infringing upon the rights of free agency. There is no caprice in

the dealings of God with man. If the Creator arbitrarily exempted

some of his children from the ills naturally resulting from their acts, he could as well honor and aggrandize others beyond their merits.

It is no result of Divine will that people sin, that men follow debauchery and vice. Neither is it God's will that nations proclaim war, and send forth armies and navies to destroy or be destroyed. It is the will of God that in such dire contingencies the

ordinary course of events, the natural sequence of cause and effect, be not interfered with. The Almighty is able to turn and overturn the results of human acts so as to conduce to eventual good.

Such a consummation, however, is neither justification nor excuse for wrongdoing. The illinspired sinners who crucified

the Christ are answerable for their motives and their acts, though the sacrifice on Calvary has proved the world's redemption.

We proclaim the atonement wrought by Jesus Christ,the means of salvation provided by the Son of God, the voice of the Lord as heard in this age—the dispensation of the fulness of times. This

proclamation is to all people; it is the message of deliverance from

sin and its sorrow, the decree of liberty, the charter of freedom.

In olden times the Lord of heaven spoke by word of mouth to his chosen oracles. We proclaim that he speaks today. Why

should the dead past be law to the active present? Is the voice

of God silenced? Is his arm shortened that he cannot reach his

children? Can he no longer speak to be heard, or move to be felt?

We proclaim the present God, the speaking, moving, active

God—the God who recognizes the free agency of his children and

who holds them accountable for their acts.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

SOME UTAH BIRDS.

BY CLAUDE T. BARNES, M. S. P. R., MEMBER NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AUDUBON SOCIETY.

III.—THE KILLDEER.

{Aegialitis Charadriidae Vocifera.)

The muddy embankment of a pond, the half dried up slough are thein the roadside, the salty sump at the lake shore—these

homes of the stately little plover, the killdeer. Most people have

heard its plaintive and persistent cry, "killdeer,""killdeer;"but

to avoid any mistake on the part of those who ramble in the country just often enough to become acquainted with the birds only in a general way, a description of one, which I have in my collection, will be given.

The killdeer is one of our handsomest birds. Its length is nine

tail, 3.75 andinches; wingmeasured from bend to tip—6.25;

bill,.75. The predominating color, above, is a muddy brown; indeed, when the bird is walking about, it is most difficult, even in

midday, to discover its whereabouts. Often the quick run of its

grayish legs attracts the eye; but, in any case, the continual call,

"killdeer,""killdeer,""dee,""dee,"is easier to follow than is the bird itself.

The back, tertials (the large inner quills of the wing), scapulars (the small feathers filling the space between the wing and the body) and the lesser wing coverts (the little feathers covering the bend of the wing), are all muddy brown; the greater wing coverts,

the tips of the primaries (the longest wing quills) and the points of the secondaries (middle wing quill) are also brown, though of a slightly darker shade. Across the middle of the spreaded wing is

774 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a band of pure white, broadest at the point where the primaries and secondaries meet The wings are extremely long and pointed, extending at the tips, to a point within half an inch of the end of the tail. The

three inner secondary wing quills are very long, the middle one being within a quarter of an inch as long as the largest primary.

This peculiarity gives the half closed wing, when seen from behind, the shape of a capital A. There is a little patch of white on

the bend of the wing.

The rump and upper tail coverts are of a bright ochraceous cast; the tail feathers (rectrices) are ash color darkening into

blackish brown at the extremities. When the tail is spread, however, the two outer feathers are seen to be white crossed with four

distinct bars of brown. The next feather inward, has an ochraceous hue with two faint bars of light [brown and a heavy black

cross near the extremity. Underneath, there is one central tail

feather, which is pure white faintly marked with two ashy spots.

Extending around the killdeer's neck is a pure white collar about half an inch wide at the scruff, or back of the neck, and an inch wide at the throat. Just behind and above each eye, is a

narrow white stripe; and a band of white, an eighth of an inch

wide, runs from one eye around the forehead to the other. The

top of the head, the lores and the opthalmic region are muddy brown like the back. The eyebrows are wax red; and the bill has

the bulb tip characteristic of plovers.

Seen from below, the bird is, in general, pure white, the tips of the wing quills, however, being ashy, and the tips of the tail feathers, brown. Across the jugulum extends a half inch band of

blackish brown color, threaded with white. Above this, and of

the same width, is. a band of white, and above that, on the throat,

is a black collar threefourths of an inch wide.

The under surface of the outer tail feathers, and the central tail feathers, are spotted with ashy brown.

The killdeer is found all over the United States, though in winter, it migrates to Mexico and the Gulf States.

Its habits are unique. When undisturbed, it carries its trim

little body about with a walk as stately as that of a peacock, though when afrighted or filled with anxiety for its nest, it circles

SOME UTAH BIRDS. llh

and dashes about with a swiftness surprising, and cries of anguish unequalled for penetrating solicitude. Its appearance in flight is

deceptive, as its long wings and striking coloration lead one to believe it to be a much larger bird than it really is. I remember,

once last summer, as I was crossing a marshy field near the Salt

Lake shore, a killdeer sprang up and swiftly flew about me within

The Killdeer.

a radius of two hundred yards, all the time uttering its plaintive cry; but at no time did it go so far away that I could not have

recognized it both by its flight and its call

So clever is the killdeer in protecting his nest, and so inconspicuous is the nest itself, that one may walk about for hours over a whole field, thinking from the incessant clamor that the nest 776 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

must always be near. In fact there is little in the actions of the

bird to enable one to tell whether the nest is away only three feet or more than an eighth of a mile.

As seen from the illustration herewith, the killdeer's nest is so inconspicuously made that one would be liable to walk over it without discerning the prize. The bird selects merely a slight depression near its favorite feeding ground, and deposits four pyriform eggs, which, from their coloration—creamy white thickly

spotted with chocolate brown—match the surrounding pebbles and

A Killdeer's Nest.

bits, and render the nest more indiscernible still. Nestmaking

is to the killdeer a mere matter of selection. He must smile at

himself, therefore, as he looks up into the willows, and sees the redwinged blackbird working at a neat little cup, or when he circles beyond the field and sees, below, a bullock's oriole weaving with remarkable assiduity a nest which hangs from the tip of a small locust limb. Why such work, when eggs hatch as well on the bare

ground? In fact, the killdeer seldom takes the trouble to line the

SOME UTAH BIRDS. 777

chosen depression with soft materials,though Wilson says that he saw one nest "paved with fragments of clam and oyster shells, and very neatly surrounded with a mound or border of the same, placed in a very close and curious manner."

The large size of the killdeer's eggs (1.50x1.10 inches) allows

the young bird's legs to become comparatively strong before hatching, and, therefore, unlike the altricial birds, which must wait for their wings to grow before they venture from the nest, the young killdeer follows its mother about from the hour that it breaks through the shell. Audubon says: ''During incubation, the parents, who sit

alternately on the eggs, never leaving them to the heat of the sun, are extremely clamorous at sight of an enemy. The female droops her

wings,emits her plaintive notes, and endeavors, by every means she can devise, to draw you from the nest or young. The male dashes

over you in the air, in the manner of the European lapwing, and vociferates all the remonstrances of an angry parent whose family is endangered."

There are few people who do not appreciate the economic value of the killdeer. He spends his life on the mud and in the

air, and though classed as a "game"bird, his tiny body is really too insignificant to be shot for food. He eats many grasshoppers,

ants, caterpillars, moths, boll weevils, wireworms,curculios, beetles, crane flies, worms, crickets, and coloptera. Being partially nocturnal in his habits, he catches many bugs ordinarily undisturbed

by the birds.

In Utah, farmers are bothered to a great extent by the Rocky

Mountain locust; and when we consider that this insect and boll

weevils are destroying, millions of dollars'worth of crops each year, we can readily place the killdeer down as one of the agriculturist's greatest friends. Arthur H. Howell, the government expert, says:

"The killdeer frequents plowed fields, often in large numbers, and the destruction of weevils, at the period of spring plowing, is a highly important service."

In Utah, seldom are more than three or four killdeers seen together; but their presence is gratifying especially in view of the

fact that their favorite home is frequently the halfdried mud of the sloughs that break the monotony of some of our most desolate barrens. If there is a pond near your home, sit on the bank, follow

.778 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

with your eyes the delicate little runs of our bird, learn to know his interesting personality and to catch the plaintive wildness of his penetrating call, ''killdeer, killdeer."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE CREATION AND GROWTH OF ADAM.

BY WILLIAM HALLS.

[In the excellent article, "The Philosophy of Faith and Worship,"in the

March number of the Era, page 325, the author, Elder William Halls, makes the following statement We would not expect to get a full grown tree, a hundred years old, in a second of time; neither would we expect a full grown man without a natural

growth from infancy. Though the creation of Adam and the birth of Jesus may

be involved in more or less mystery, the fact is, there was no exception in their cases. If Adam could have been created a full grown man with all his faculties fully

developed, with a knowledge of good and evil, becoming as the Gods, without having gone through the natural stages of development, then all men might have been created in the same way, and there would have been no need of male and female, the pains of maternity, the care of infancy, our schools and all our institutions of learning.

A correspondent has taken exception to this theory respecting the creation and growth of Adam, as being iinBiblical, concerning which, of course, there can be no dispute. However, Elder Halls was asked to give his reasons for his views,

and he replies as follows. Editors.]

In answer to your request to give some authority for my theory in regard to

Adam, I must confess that I know no direct scriptural authority for it, though here are many passages of scripture from which such theory may be inferred.

It is just my belief, unsupported by direct authority, and as such must be understood.

When a passage of scripture taken literally contradicts a fundamental, natural law, I take it as allegorical; and in the absence of divine authority, put a construction on it that seems to harmonize with my experience and reason. To believe all

the scriptures literally we must believe that Satan is a serpent, Jesus is a lamb,

Herod is a fox, mankind are wheat and tares, then sheep and goats, some are wolves, some vipers. To accept some parts of the Bible as allegory doesn't impair its authenticity; of such are the parables of the New Testament. To believe

that the prodigal son, the widow and the unjust judge, are real characters would be childish. Some truths are not susceptible of proof. We say space is boundless, duration is without beginning or end; the attempt to prove it would be

ridiculous.

To say that Adam could receive a knowledge of go*d and evil, and his physical, mental and spiritual powers be developed without experience, is to me the climax of absurdity. That he passed through all the stages of development, and

learned by the universal law of experience, may not be proved, but may be taken for granted.

Mancos, Colorado.

TEMPERANCEINSPIRATIONS TO PROGRESS.

BY ELDER HEBER J GRANT.

[An address delivered to the M. I. A. Conference, Sunday, June 14,

1908, 2 p. m. ]

Some weeks ago from this stand I read a number of items that I thought would be of interest to the members of one of the four Salt Lake City stakes; and when I was requested, by the

program committee, to occupy a portion of the time today,—in

trying to think of something that would be of interest to the young people from all parts of the Church, I concluded that to read the same things which I read here upon that occasion would be of as much value to my hearers as anything I could possibly say. Although I realize from my experience in public

speaking, that an audience is never as interested in something that is read as in something spoken extemporaneously, yet, believing that the words I am about to read will be of greater value to you than anything I may say, I shall read, making such comments as shall come to my mind; with the hope that the comments as

well as the reading will be beneficial:

From the preface to Leaves Jrom the Diary of an Old Lawyer:

I believe that it will require the force of the whole people, men and women, applied at theballot box, to effectually blot out of existence the great curse to the country, ''The laws that License and Permit the Sale of Alcohol as a Beverage."I deny the right of the government to sell to one citizen the privilege ta

tempt another to commit crime. I doubt the policy of those laws that seek to

raise a revenue by the sale of that which debases the people, it is the prolific source of crime and pauperism, and costs the country annually a thousand times more than the revenue received therefrom. I deny the justice of those laws that

on one page of the statute books legalize that which promotes crimes and makes criminals, and on the next, provide severe penalties to be administered to those 780 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

they have tempted to transgress. This little volume is presented to the public to

promulgate those views. They may be thought radical, and perhaps are so; but

they are the result of long years of experience in our criminal courts, and are but a feeble expression of my abhorrence of the vice of intemperance, and the laws that encourage and promote it.

"Tell me if I hate the bowl Hate is a feeble word I loathe—abhor—my very soul

With strong disgust is stirred

Whene'er I see, or hear, or tell

Of the dark beverage of hell.

this I read further from the same book—and, by the way,

"little"book that he refers to is about as large, if not a little larger than the one I now hold in my hand (exhibiting the large edition of the Doctrine and Covenants.)

My experience at the bar has satisfied me that intemperance is the direct cause of nearly all the crime that is committed in our country. I have been at

the bar over thirty years, have been engaged in over four thousand criminal cases, and on mature reflection I am satisfied that over three thousand of those cases have originated from drunkenness alone, and I believe that a great proportion of the remainder could be traced either directly or indirectly to this great source of crime. In sixtythree cases of homicide fortynine have been caused by

the maddening influence of strong drink

Think of it, my brethren and sisters, fortynine murders out of sixtythree cases, were caused by strong drink!

I have seen upon the counsel table of our court room the skull of an aged father who was killed by a drunken son. My brother and myself sat by his side

as his counsel, and I never shall forget the look of that son when the ghastly evidence of his guilt was laid on the stand before him. That silent yet eloquent

witness! It was but an arch of bone, and was handled carelessly by the jury in

their investigation, yet it had once been covered by a father's gray hairs, beneath it had throbbed a brain full of pride and affection for the son who was now on his trial for murder, and as it passed from hand to hand the fearful expression on the face of the accused plainly told the terrible feeling of remorse that filled his soul. It was a wicked and most unnatural crime, and begot feelings

of loathing and horror in the breasts of all who witnessed the trial. Yet it was

not in reality the son who had committed the crime, but the demon that lurks in every cup of strong drink. And that cup had been filled and placed to the lips of

that son by the hand of a most respectable member of society—a man who had a

license from that very court to sell that which maddened the brain and prompted the hand to murder.

I saw upon the table the skull of young B, who was killed by his most

TEMPERANCE—INSPIRATIONS TO PROGRESS. 781

intimate friend in a drunken brawl at Hartstown, and the respectable proprietor at whose hotel the murder was perpetrated, and who sold the maddening spirit that prompted the deed, was witness to the trial. He said he had a license

from that respectable court to sell liquor; yes, from the very court then sitting in

judgment on that act, which was but the natural sequence of the license it had sold and granted.

I have seen upon the table the skull of a little child, with the evidence upon it of a murderous blow, inflicted by the hand of a drunken mother. Yet it was

not the mother who had committed the most unnatural crime. All our knowledge of the promptings of the human heart deny the charge. Who that remembers his own mother and her maternal love could believe it? No! a demoniacal

spirit had violated the sanctuary of the mother's heart and cast out the tender, loving tenant that once resided there, and that was the spirit of strong drink, sold to the woman by a man who held a license to sell under the seal and sanction of that very court.

I have seen upon that table the bloodstained skull of a wife, cleft from top to base by an ax in the hand of a brutal, drunken husband, who came home from a neighboring licensed beershop, reeling, drunken, and maddened by drink there sold by a most respectable dealer, by a man who had a legal right to sell that poison whose effects are more terrible than the plagues confined within the fabled box of Pandora, and under whose baneful influence

The hand that should shield the wife from ill,

In drunken wrath is raised to kill.

I once defended a man for killing his own brother, by whom, in a fit of drunken frenzy, he had been attacked with a dangerous weapon, thereby compelling him in his own defense, to strike a blow that had taken his brother's life.

He was tried for murder, and in his defense I called the "landlord"to prove that the murdered brother was mad from the effects of the liquor he had received at the witness's bar. He so testified, yet seemed conscious of no wrong. Why

should he? He had a license from the court, and why should that brother's

l)lood cry to heaven for vengeance against him? Oh no! he was a respectable

citizen, possessing a good moral character, for the law grants licenses to none other. He had a legal right to present the maddening cup to his fellow's lips,

and noone should complain of him. He had acted in accordance with the law,

and did not one of England's greatest and best of men say that "the law was that science whose voice was the harmony of the world, and whose seat was the bosom of God"?

In my hurry, in going for these notes, I failed to find an advertisement of a saloon keeper in Arizona,* that I desired to

'* AN HONEST SALOON KEEPER.

Tombstone, Arizona, claims credit for the frankest saloon keeper in the

United States. He keeps the Temple Bar saloon, and advertises his business

782 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

read. If one reads the saloon keeper's advertisement, certainly

he should not be accused of misrepresenting his vocation. This

man announced that he makes paupers, that he makes thieves, that he fills the penitentiary, that he breaks the hearts of wives, makes children orphans, and all poor. Yet his business flourishes,

and he proposes to go on destroying the community, because the people want liquor, and he has a license to sell it.

One of the books recommended to the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations throughout the Church, which we de.

sired them, particularly, to read this year, was the book entitled

The Strength of Being Clean, by David Starr Jordan. Mr. Jordan

is the President of the Leland Stanford Junior University. This

book is considered, by President Joseph F. Smith and others I have

with most enterprising frankness: "Allow me to inform you that you are

fools,"he says, yet his place is usually filled. He maintains that he is an honest saloonkeeper, and that it will not hurt his business to tell the truth about it.

He has had printed an advertising card which would make an excellent manuscript for a temperance lecture. Copies are being circulated through the western

states and are attracting attention. The card reads as follows:

Friends and Neighbors: I am grateful for past favors, and having

supplied my store with a fine lot of choice wines and liquors, allow me to inform you that I shall continue to make drunkards, paupers and beggars for the sober, industrious, respectable part of the community to support.

My liquors will excite riot, robbery and bloodshed. They will diminish your

comforts, increase your expenses, and shorten your life. I shall confidently recommend them as sure to mutiply fatal accidents and incurable diseases.

They will deprive some of life, others of reason, many of characters, and all of peace. They will make fathers fiends, wives widows, children orphans, and

all poor. I will train your sons in infidelity, dissipation, ignorance, lewdness and

every other vice. I will corrupt the ministers of religion, obstruct the gospel,

defile the Church, and cause as much temporal and eternal death as I can.

I will thus accommodate the public. It may be at the loss of my neverdying

soul, but I have a family to support—the business pays, the public encourages

it. I have paid my license, and the trafiic is lawful; and if I don't sell it somebody

else will. I know the Bible says: Thou shalt not kill. No drunkard shall enter

the kingdom of heaven, and I do not expect the drunkardmaker to fare any better, but I want an easy living, and I have resolved to gather the wages of iniquity and fatten on the ruin of my species.

I shall, therefore, carry on my business with every energy, and do my best to diminish the wealth of the Nation and endanger the safety of the State. As my

business flourishes in proportion to your sensuality and ignorance, I will do my best to prevent moral purity and intellectual growth.

Should you doubt my ability, I refer you to the pawnshops, the poorhouse, the police court, the hospital, the penitentiary and the gallows, where you will find many of my best customers have gone. A sight of them will convince you

that I do what I say. Allow me to inform you that you are fools, and that I am

an honest saloonkeeper.

TEMPERANCE—INSPIRATIONS TO PROGRESS. 783

heard speak about it, as one of the strongest arguments that has yet been written by a non-"Mormon"in favor of and confirming the revelation given through the Prophet Joseph Smith, known to us as the Word of Wisdom. Mr. Jordan says:

The resistance to temptation must come from within.

There is no question about this. Another man,William George

Jordan, whose books I admire very much, says that we are the architects and the builders of our own lives; and there is no question but what we, the youth of Israel, if we shall accomplish anything for the reformation of the world, must accomplish a reformation first within ourselves, and then set examples worthy of

imitation. In our officers'meeting yesterday, a quotation was

also made from William George Jordan's writings, that I desire to refer to here, namely, "that man has two creators: his God and

himself."Let us, so far as we are capable, by and with the help

of God, in humility, as the second creators of ourselves do something, as young men and young women, for the spread of truth, and, above all, follow the advice of Sister Tingey by remembering that our lives are the finest possible kind of preachers—far better

than precept.

David Starr Jordan further says

So far as the drink of drunkards is concerned, prohibition does not prohibit.

But to clean up a town, to free it from corrosion, saves men, and boys and girls, too, from vice, and who shall say that moral sanitation is not as much the duty of the community as physical sanitation. The city of the future will not permit

the existence of slums and dives and tipplinghouses. It will prohibit their existence for the same reason that it now prohibits pigpens and dungheaps and cesspools. For where all these things are, slums and cesspools, saloons and pigpens,

there the people grow weak and die-

I hope and pray with all my heart that the young Latterday

Saints, particularly those who are engaged in the Mutual Improvement cause, will make up their minds that they shall go from this conference, having partaken of the spirit of testimony that we had in our moiuiing meeting, having listened to the testimonies that were given in our officers'meetings, as well as the testimonies that have been given here, and remember that seventyfive years ago, God our Heavenly Father, through the Prophet Joseph Smith, proclaimed against the use of strong drink, saying that it was not 784 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

good for man. This revelation was originally given not by way

of commandment but only by way of admonition, as counsel and advice, but the Prophet Brigham Young afterwards said: "The

time has now come when this revelation, known as the Word of

Wisdom, comes to the Latterday Saints as the Word of God and a commandment for them to obey."When I listened to our

sister, who bore her testimony here today, telling how God gave to her, by the revelation of his spirit, the witness that this gospel, called "Mormonism"by the world, is in very deed the gospel of

Jesus Christ,! rejoiced also to hear her bear her testimony, that

by that same spirit, and that same witness, she received a knowledge from God that it was her duty to obey what is known to the

Latterday Saints as the Word of Wisdom.

This Word of Wisdom was given to us for our temporal salvation, and I want to say to the Latterday Saints that had we obeyed this law from the day we arrived in these valleys, if all the money expended for tea, coffee, tobacco and liquor had been saved, this community, this State of Utah, would be today the wealthiest state west of the Mississippi River from which our fathers were driven, when leaving Nauvoo. A hundred times

more damage is done to farms from insects than from the ravages of wild animals, and it is the small dribblets that go for tea, coffee, to millions and millions of dollars.tobacco and liquor,—that amount

We find that there is today being consumed annually in the neighborhood of $20 per capita, for every man, woman, child, and babe in the entire United Kingdom—hundreds and hundreds of millions

of dollars annually are being expended in destroying our physical frames, the Godgiven tabernacles that we have received from our

Heavenly Father. Now I plead with each and every worker in the

Mutual Improvement Associations to remember that the will of

God to us is to observe the Word of Wisdom, and may he help us to do it.

I read a book, while I was in England, that did me a great deal of good, and put a good many ideas into my head. It is entitled The Young Man and the World. It was written by Senator

Albert J. Beveridge, and inasmuch as he is capable of saying many

things that I think are inspiring to the youth of Zion, or any other.

TEMPERANCE—INSPIRATIONS TO PROGRESS. 785

young people who may read this book, and as it is told in better form than I can say it, and apologizing again for reading so much,

I desire to read some of his counsel to young men

You must be intellectually honest. Do not pretend to be what you are not

no affectations, no simulations, no falsehoods, either of speech or thought, of conduct or attitude. Let truth abide in the very heart of you.

This reminds me, also, of the writings of William George

Jordan, who says in the very first sentence in his book entitled

Great Truths, one of our series of reading this year, that ''truth is the rock foundation of every great character."Now, if we want

to become great in the sight of God, let us remember that the rock foundation of our character must be truth.

At the very beginning. Nature writes upon the tablet of your inner consciousness an inventory of your strengths and of your weaknesses, and lists there

those tasks which you are best fitted to perform—those tasks which Nature meant

you to perform. For Nature put you here to do something; you were not born to

be an ornament.

First, then, learn your limitations. Take time enough to think out just what

you cannot do. This process of elimination will soon reduce life's possibilities for

you to a few things. Of these select the one which is nearest you, and having

selected it, put all other loves from you.

Oh, how I wish that I had the power to impress upon all the youth of Israel that the one thing that should be nearest to all of us is the gospel of Jesus Christ, the plan of life and salvation, the redemption of the souls of men. Let us "put all other loves from

us."Let us first seek the kingdom of God and his righteousness,

then shall all other things be added to us.

While this senator has written these words for the people of the world, they have a greater meaning to you and to me, and to the tens of thousands of young men and women among the Latterday Saints, who know that God lives, who know that Jesus is the

Christ, who know that this gospel that we have espoused is in very deed the gospel of Jesus Christ. It should be our first love

it when we arise in the morning, we should—we should think of

think of it at noonday and at night; and we should not allow the

things of the world to crowd it oub of our love and affection.

letters all possibilities are Work—that is the magic word. In these four

wrapped up.

Don't pay any attention to how fast you are getting on but go ahead and get. 786 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

071. Keep working. And work with all your might. How wise the Bible is:

"Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might."And keep on doing

the Bible: "Seestthou a man diligent in his -persist. Again jt—persist—persist.'

business, he shall stand before kings 'Do not fear hard knocks. They are no

sign that you will not finally win the battle. Indeed, ability to endure in silence

is one of the best evidences that you will finally prevail.

He who worries, not only poisons the very fountains of his Oivn strength but arouses in the world's attitude toward him a sort of sneering pity. So the very

first thing that I have to suggest to you is that you should he a man in all your doings and throughout jour whole career.

If you have done your best you have done better than the man who has done more than you, but who has not done his best.

Be a man—that is the first and last rule of the greatest success in life. For

the greatest success in life does not mean dollars heaped in bank vaults nor volumes written, nor railroads built, nor laws devised, nor armies led. No, the

greatest success is none of these. The supreme success is character.

While the reputation of the Latterday Saints, in the eyes of the world, is not good, because of the maligning of our enemies, yet I do thank God that the character of every Latterday Saint, every man, and every woman, and every child, who lives up to the teachings of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, is absolutely above reproach. How I do thank the Lord that the Gospel of Jesus Christ

fills every want, every requirement, every desire of an honest heart. I rejoice, with all my heart and soul, that there is no longing, no seeking in vain—none of that which the good sister referred to this morning who had been seeking, year after year, for

the gospel, but she could not find it until she heard the voice of the humble "Mormon"elder.

From the same book:

"I have just come from church,"said a friend one day, "and I am tired and disappointed. I went to hear a sermon and I listened to a lecture.

"I went to worship, and I was merely entertained.

"The preacher was a brilliant man, and his address was an intellectual treat;

but I did not go to church to hear a professional lecture. When I want merely to

be entertained, I will go to the theater.

"But I do not like to hear a preacher principally try to be either orator or artist. I am please if he is both; but before everything else, I want him to

bear me the Master's message. I want the minister to preach Christ and him

crucified."

The man who said this was a journalist of ripe years, highly educated, widely experienced, acquainted with men and life. He was worldweary with that weariTEMPERANCE—INSPIRATIONS TO PROGRESS. 787

ness which comes of the journalist's incessant contact with every phase of human activity, good and bad, great and small. * * * *

Any man wbo assumes to teach the Christian faith, who in his own secret heart questions that faith himself, commits a sacrilege every time he enters the pulpit.

He is like the chemist's grain of wheat, perfect in all its constituent elements except the mysterious spark of life, without which the wheat grain will not grow.

If then you do not believe what you say, and believe it with all your soul, believe it in your heart of hearts, do not try to get other men to believe it. You

will not be honest if you do. The world expects you to be sure of yourself. How

do you expect to make other people sure of themselves if you are not sure of yourself?

Thank God that every Latterday Saint who assumes to teach the Gospel of Jesus Christ has absolutely no doubt in his heart regarding its divinity.

"I would rather be sure'that when a man dies he will live again with his conscious identity, than to have all the wealth of the United States, or to occupy any position of honor or power the world could possibly give, "said a man whose name is known to the railroad world as one of the ablest transportation men in the United States.

''Do you know when I am by myself I think about a lot of strange things. Is

the soul immortal, and what is the soul anyhow?"[It is a politician who is talking

now, and a ward politician at that, a man whom few would suspect of thinking upon these subjects at all].

this address is to the young man that So you see, young man,—[Remember

expects to be measured for the preacher's frock, as it is termed]. So you see,

young man, you who are being measured for the cloth, that all manner and conditions of men are thinking about the great problems of which you are the expounder, and longing for the answer to these problems which it is your business to give them. That is the condition of the mind of the millions.

Now, this author goes on, after giving the conditions of the minds of the millions, and tells the young men who are being meastellsured for the cloth, those who expect to fill the pulpit,—he

them what his experience was with those who do fill the pulpit

'Very well! What is the condition of the mind of the young minister? A

few years ago a certain man, with good opportunities for the investigation and a probability of sincere answers, asked every young preacher whom he met during a summer vacation these questions

First, Yes or no, do you believe in God, the Father; God a person, God a

definite and tangible intelligence—not a congeries of laws floating like a fog

788 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

through the universe; but God, a person, in whose image you were made? Don't

argue; don't explain; but is your mind in a condition where you can answer yes

>"or no; Not a man answered "Yes."Each man wanted to explain that the Deity

might be a definite intelligence or might not, that the "latest thought"was much confused upon the matter, and so forth and so on.

Thank God that every boy, and every girl, and every child, that every Latterday Saint, without a moment's hesitation, can answer "Yes"to this question. Thank God that the Manuals the

young people have studied give an account of our Father as a personal being.

Second, Yes or no, do you believe that Christ was the Son of the living

God, sent by him to save the world? I am not asking whether you believe that

he was inspired in the sense that the great moral teachers are inspired—nobody

has any difficulty about that. But do you believe that Christ was God's very Son,

with a divinely appointed and definite mission, dying on the cross and raised from the yes or no? dead—

Again not a single answer with an unequivocal, earnest "Yes."But again

explanations were offered, and in at least half the instances the sum of most of the answers was that Christ was the most perfect man that the world had seen, and humanity's greatest moral teacher.

Again I say, thank God that all Latterday Saints, young and old, without a moment's hesitation, would answer that question:

"Yes, Christ was the Son of God; Christ is in very deed the Savior

of the world; Christ did appear to the boy Joseph Smith and did

deliver to him the keys of the Gospel of life and salvation.

Third, Do you believe that when you die you will live again as a conscious intelligence, knowing who you are and who other people are?

Again not one answer was unconditionally affirmative. Of course, they were

not sure as a matter of knowledge. Of course, that could not be known positively.

On the whole, they were inclined to think so, but there were very stubborn objections, and so forth and so on.

The men to whom these questions were put were particularly highgrade ministers. One of them had already won a distinguished reputation in New York

and New England states for his eloquence and piety. Every one of them had had

unusual successes with fashionable congregations.

But every one of them had noted an absence of real influence upon the hearts of their hearers, and all thought that this same condition is spreading throughout the modern pulpit.

Yet not one of them suspected that the profound cause of what they called

TEMPERANCE—INSPIRATIONS TO PROGRESS. 789

"the decay of faith"was, not in the world of men and women, but in themselves.

How could such priests of ice warm the souls of men? How could such apostles of

interrogation convert a world?

I agree with this question. How could men who do not believe in God as our Father, as a personal being, as the Father of

Jesus Christ—how could men who do not believe in the divine

mission of Jesus Christ, how could men who do not believe that when this life is over, we shall be resurrected and have a conscious intelligence, and know and be known, how could they warm the hearts of the people? How could they teach the Gospel of

Jesus Christ, which teaches faith in God, faith in his Son, faith in a resurrection from the dead, and faith in life eternal? It

can't be done; but, thank God, the Latterday Saints can give to the

world the plan of life and salvation, and may we, as the youth of

Israel, rise up and labor with all the zeal, with all the energy, with all the determination that we have, for the spread of the gospel of Jesus Christ, is my prayer and my desire, in the name of

Jesus Christ. Amen.

PROHIBITION.

Prohibition now claims eight States, with a total population of 13,000,000, in which the public sale of intoxicating liquors is forbidden; also 250 prohibition cities in 35 States, with from

5,000 to 160,000 each, and a total population of 3,500,000, Practically 40,000,000 people, of whom 10,000,000 have been added within four years, are living in prohibition territory. It. is the

big cities that resist prohibition. Independent, N. Y.

SLAVES.

BY FRANCIS W. COPE.

Thoughts are brain pictures incited by suggestion of eye or ear, through the medium of the senses, or by the operation of reasoning When the term "slave"is brought to our attention, our mind usually forms a picture of the southern negro ''befo'de wah,"the galley slave of the Roman period, or probably the captivity of the Israelites in Egypt or Babylon, all of whom represent a class of individuals whose condition was brought about more or less by circumstances beyond their control.

There is, however, another class of individuals who are properly placed in the same category by their own actions, whose slavery is more pronounced and whose condition is more to be regretted than the physical slavery of the classes mentioned.

The slavery of the negro, as well as that of the Israelites, though accompanied by many heartburnings and severities, both mental and physical, brought with it the opportunity of experience and advancement. It is contended by a great many persons that,

with few exceptions, the condition of the negro was more preferable in times before the war than at present; but be that as it

may, it is certain that he has greatly improved intellectually, through the medium of the slave trade carried on in the early period of our nation's history, by coming in contact with the white races, his masters. The captivities of Israel give us many examples of the possibilities of individual advancement under slavery,

in the lives of Daniel, in Babylon, and Joseph and Moses, in

Egypt.

SLAVES. 791

The slaves to whom I wish to call attention, are those who are slaves to their own habits. We have the slave to liquor, the

slave to tobacco, the tea and coffee slave, and slaves to the appetite. There is the slave to fashion, the slave to society, and the

slave that attends them, the slave to debt.

The particular slave to whom I wish to call attention, at this time, is the modern galley slave: the person who through lack of

affirmation and energy, is fastened to his seat in the ship of retrogression by the chains of indolence, performing his forced task with reluctance; without advancement, to vary his daily monotony;

each setting sun beholding him in the same position which he occupied on its rising

Many young men are such slaves, who have been born and reared in comfortable circumstances, with the opportunity of gaining a good education and start in the world; who have average intelligence, yet, through lack of affirmation, have not advanced on

the ladder of life above the bottom round. Such a one has ambition to advance, but expends no energy to realize that ambition.

He has been content to exist from day to day without thought of the morrow, making no attempt to get out of the rut; and, as it

is absolutely impossible to stand still, he gradually slips down and down, welding the chains of habit tightly around him. His days

are spent in dreaming of what he would be, his nights in revelry, and probably carousal. Never a moment spent in the betterment

of his intellect to fit him for the daily battle of life; so, when the

crash comes, he finds himself battling with the waves of life, dragged down by shackles of his own welding.

In contrast, there is the young man who has been born under conditions no more favorable, who probably lacks the educational opportunities, but who possesses a determination to make every moment of his time count one in the sum of his existence. Playing

or working, he is alive to the opportunity to gain some knowledge that may fit him for the better fight in the battle of life.

He is not content with merely putting in time, just enough to give his employer no cause to dispense with his services, but is ever watchful for the information that shall fit him for a step upward on the ladder, whenever the fellow above him steps up or drops off. His days are not spent in dreaming, nor his nights in

792 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

revelry, but he is found at all times drinking in that knowledge which will help him to "make good"when opportunity knocks at his door. Then, with affirmation and energy, he arises above his

surroundings, as he marches upward and onward to have his name enrolled with the Daniels and Josephs, Washingtons and Lincolns.

Slavery is the condition of being circumscribed in our thought and action; of being in bondage to our appetites and habits, as

well as to other men or conditions. Let us so live that every

thought and action will keep us free from fetters; or, if we are

already bound, help to unweld the chains which our habits and appetites have forged around us, that we may advance to the height which God would have us reach.

Forest Dale, Utah.

HEVERSHAM CHURCH, WHERE PRESIDENT JOHN TAYLOR

WAS CHRISTENED.

Elder George A. Parry, writing from Preston, England, June 13. tells of a

visit made by President Charles W. Penrose and wife, and several of the elders of

the Liverpool conference, to Milnthorpe, in Westmoreland, the birthplace of the late President John Taylor. They also visited the Haversham church, in which

he was christened nearly one hundred years ago. They saw the record of the

christening, which bore the date of December 4, 1808. The accompanying picture

presents a view of the Heversham church.

OXFORD AND THE RHODES SCHOLARSHIPS.

BY B. H. JACOBSON. B. A., INSTRUCTOR IN GERMAN AT THE LATTERDAY SAINTS UNIVERSITY, FIRST RHODES SCHOLAR FROM UTAH.

The third Rhodes scholar from Utah will soon be leaving home to spend three years at one of the oldest and greatest universities in the world. Thus the plan of the great founder of

- 'these scholarships is being slowly but steadily carried out. Only the future,

however, will show whether the magnificent dream of Cecil Rhodes will come true. His dream was that of a

reunited AngloSaxon race,—of an

English speaking empire, able, if necessary, to command the peace of the world; for his ultimate aim was the

establishment of Justice, the enthronement of Liberty, and the maintenance of Peace throughout the earth.

This was his Millennium, and he hoped to hasten its coming by doing something to remove causes for misun-

B. H. Jacobson, derstanding,quarreling and war among

First Rhodes Scholar from Utah.

all who speak the English language, whether their home be Canada, the United States, South Africa, or

Australia. Accordingly he founded about ninety scholarships for the

most important British colonies, two for each state and territory of the United States, and finally five each year for the kindred 794 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Teutonic nation of Germany. His thought was that the interchange of ideas and the living together for three years of this

number of young men of promise, at a great institution of learning

Egbert Hartley, Frank. E. Holman,

Second Rhodes Scholar from Utah. Third Rhodes Scholar from Utah.

in the mother country, would at least be instrumental in securing the much desired results. It must not be forgotten that the plan

is not temporary but perpetual;—this number of young men are

to enjoy the generosity of Cecil Rhodes as long as the English language shall be spoken.

The American scholarships amount to three hundred pounds, or nearly fifteen hundred dollars a year, and each one continues for three years. As expenses are high at Oxford, this sum is just

about sufficient to enable one to live comfortably and respectably, and have a fair amount left for traveling during the vacations, providing a due degree of economy is exercised. To "be eligible for one

of these scholarships the applicant must be at least a sophomore in college, must be between nineteen and twentyfive years of age and unmarried, and must pass an examination in Greek, Latin and

Elementary Mathematics.

Oxford is beyond question one of the most picturesque and

Genera! View of High Street and Some of the Oxford Colleges

interesting: cities in Europe, and it is indeed a rare privilege to

spend three years among its fine old colleges, replete with associations of great men and deeds, and to ramble during spare hours through the beautiful forests and over the green hills and meadows that surround this choice spot.

IMagdalen College Tower, and the River Cherwell.

796 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In a way, the University may be said to consist of twentytwo separate colleges, each with its own name, buildings, and set of instructors or "dons,"as the undergraduate calls them. Here

the students attend lectures, go to chapel, and do their studying. Not only this, but in the same buildings the students actually live during at least their first two years at the University.

The colleges are built in the form of hollow squares or quad-

A Quadrangle of Oriel College which Cecil Rhodes Attended.

rangles, called "quads"for short. Many of them are very picturesque and of considerable architectural beauty. Some are several centuries old, and nearly all look much older than they really

are, on account of the effects of the damp climate on the comparatively soft stone of which they are constructed. The English

ivy, which almost covers many of the buildings, adds an indescribable charm and beauty, especially in the autumn, when the rich coloring is a delight to any appreciative eye.

At regular intervals along the sides of the "quad"are staircases with rooms on each side, each student having two rooms, termed his '"sitter"and "bedder"respectively. These are

looked after by servants, generally known as "scouts,"and their

OXFORD AND THE RHODES SCHOLARSHIPS. 797

assistants; for it would be very debasing for any English college

"gentleman"to set his hand to any menial task. Here the scout

brings breakfast and luncheon, the latter usually a very light meal, from the college kitchen and ''common room."The principal meal, dinner, all the students and tutors eat together in the

college "hall,"at one end of which is a low platform for the '.'high table,"where the "dons"dine. The "hall"is always

adorned with portraits of present and former illustrious members of the college.

Exeter College Dining Hall.

Each college has its chapel where short services are held twice a day. Students who are members of the Church of England are required to attend about five or six times a week. Others

may go to a morning roll call instead. The chapels are often

very beautiful, that of my own college, Exeter, being one of the best.

Every evening, shortly after nine o'clock, and as soon as "Old

Tom,"the giant bell in "Tom Tower"of Christ Church college, has tolled one hundred and one times, the gates are locked in most of the colleges; and after that, students cannot enter without

Exeter College Chapel.

incurring: a small fine, the amount varying with the lateness of the

hour. A student staying out of college over night without good

excuse is pretty certain to be suspended during the remainder of that term.

The college terras of only eight weeks each, are but three in number, leaving more than half the year for vacations, which occur at Christmas, Easter, and during the summer. This makes it

necessary to do a good deal of studying during these holidays.

Nevertheless, the students, and particularly the Rhodes scholars, do considerable traveling and sight seeing, this forming, in fact, the most enjoyable and a very valuable part of a Rhodes scholar's experience.

The Briton, as is well known, is a great lover of outdoor sport, and the climate, especially where it is like that at Oxford, to some extent makes this a necessity. We therefore find college

sports a very prominent feature in student life. The principal

ones engaged in are rowing, rugby and association football, hockey, "beagling,"golf, tennis, cricket, lacrosse, and track sports.

"Beagling''is a sort of "hare and hounds"chase, and is excellent practice for the long distance runner. English football is not

quite so rough as the American variety, but gives quite sufficient opportunity for skill and endurance.

OXFORD AND THE RHODES SCHOLARSHIPS. 79

English college sports are on the whole cleanerjandlbetter than in America. Nearly every one takes part, for, as is too

often the case in our schools, athletics are not restricted to one or two dozen men, who perhaps need the exercise much less than the more unfortunate majority. Conditions there, it

is true, make this general participation more easily possible than

Choir of Christ Church Cathedral.

with us. English students have a decided aversion to anything that

smacks of professionalism in athletics. They play their games because they love them, and because they realize the importance and

value of such sport, when properly carried on. The eminently

British idea of fair play is ever present, and the trickery that sometimes disgraces American athletics is almost wholly absent.

800 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

In this connection, the excellence of the movement recentlystarted in our midst, of establishing athletic clubs and gymnasiums, may fitly be referred to and commended; for this makes it easier

for an ever larger number of young men to get the social and physical benefits to be derived from clean, healthful and pleasant exercise.

Rowing, the most prominent and characteristic sport of Oxford, deserves special mention. During the year, each college

rows several "Fours,"and one or two ''Torpids"of eight men each, besides the college "Eight."The sport itself is of course

an excellent one for developing almost all parts of the body, and the long and often unpleasant grind of preparation and training for the big races in the spring and early summer is pretty well paid for by the thrill and excitement as well as the honor of rowing the college boat, when the huge crowds of admiring friends come up to see these events. The "Torpid"and "Eights"races

each last one week. The idea is for each boat to try to reach and

"bump"the one ahead of it, in which case it takes its position one place nearer the muchcoveted "head of the river,"in the next race.

"Tom Tower,"Christ Church College.

OXFORD AND THE RHODES SCHOLARSHIPS. 801

Instruction at Oxford is carried on by means of lectures and a limited amount of class recitation, and by private consultations with tutors, at which papers and questions are presented and discussed. There is thus a large amount of individual work, and a

possibility of intimate contact and association with men usually of a very high degree of culture and scholarship.

There are two kinds of courses leading to the B. A. degree,

''Pass courses,"and "Honor courses,"the latter being far the more extensive and rigid, and requiring a five or six day examination at the end of the entire course. These honor courses or

"schools"as they are called, are quite narrow in their scope, but thorough. The student confines himself to one field, as history,

classics, mathematics, a foreign language and its literature, and so on.

It is not to be implied that student life at Oxford is in all respects free from reproach. The very general habit of smoking,

indulged in by "dons"as well as students, and the frequency of college "wines,"at which intoxication is not at all uncommon, are of course objectionable features, nor is the moral atmosphere always what it should be. The student of sound and determined

character, however, need not be influenced in the least by these

for the Starting Gun. A Moment of Suspense—Waiting

A '"Bump'"at the Barges.

things. The excellences, and the opportunities for acquiring culture and education, in their highest and most liberal sense, remain

the crowning feature of Oxford life; and in conclusion let me call

attention again to the excellent chance afforded by the Cecil

Rhodes scholarships, and offer a word of encouragement to any young Latterday Saint, especially, who may have a slumbering ambition for something of this nature; for, after all, the ideals

and aims of the worldlyminded colonizer of South Africa were not so very far removed from some of the highest ideals and principles taught in our own faith.

Sugar House, Utah.

RECREATION.

From the prison of anxious thought that greed has builded,

From the fetters that envy has wrought and pride has gilded,

From the noise of the crowded ways and the fierce confusion,

From the folly that wastes its days in a world of illusion, (Ah, but the life is lost that frets and languishes there!)

I would escape and be free in the joy of the open air.

Heney van Dyke.

HOW MAY A YOUNG MAN GAIN SUCCESS?

BY GEO. D. kiRBY,

There are so many elements of success that it will be possible in this article to touch upon only a few which the writer considers of major importance, such as ambition, confidence, honor, persistence, wisdom, etc.

If a young man lacks a purpose in life, he should decide upon having one and then stick to it, and so win out. "Be like the postage stamp, whose success depends upon its ability to stick to one

thing, until the goal is attained!"The man who undertakes one

thing today, another tomorrow, and the next day something else, is guilty of a serious mistake, for he wastes time and energy, neither of which can possibly be regained. We live only in the

present, the past is gone, and the future,—ah, who can say what

it holds for us? By the provisions of the Allwise Power, we are

prevented from acquiring that knowledge, so it is necessary that we should concentrate our energies on the things of the present, trusting the future in the hands of him who knoweth what is best for us.

The ambitious young man will find the greatest happiness in doing that for which he originally possessed an instinct. A great

many socalled "selfmade"men have been very successful. They

were frequently men who had no one to direct them in their early years, and the result was they naturally drifted into the line for which they were by nature most fitted. While I don't wish to decry the benefits which may come to a boy as the result of the

influence and experience of his parents, many serious mistakes have been made, where the domestic influences were antagonistic to the successful carrying out of the work for which the boy was fitted, and had much to do with what was called later, his "nonsuc- cess."For instance, it is the ambition of so many devoted parents

to see their boys in positions where they will never come in contact with dirt or grease, that they insist in making a doctor or a preach804 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

er out of a boy, who would be happy and successful as a farmer or a machinist, were he permitted to follow his own inclinations.

It is one thing to obtain a position; it is another to keep it.

Getting a position requires tact, forcefulness, and clearness of conversation; keeping it, is an art. When one starts to look for a

position he must be possessed of certain qualities which are prone to be overlooked. I refer to cleanliness, tidiness and perspicuity.

So much depends upon the first impression. Soiled hands, dirty

nails, necttie twisted, and confused speech, are some of the faults that tend to destroy the chances. Dress neatly and plainly, for an

employer considers a man rather foolish who apparels himself in extravagant clothes of the 'loud"variety. Having secured your

position, how shall you keep it? First, and always, by being absolutely and strictly honest, for honor and character are man's

greatest promoters. They stimulate energy and promote confidence, both of which have great power in this struggle for success. When an employer discovers that he has an energetic man,

in whom he can place absolute confidence, that man's future is a very promising one. A name that stands for character, that is

synonymous with integrity, is the best advertisement on earth.

The world is quick nowadays to find out anything said or done that is remarkable, or superior to the way it had formerly been done.

There is no part of the business world so dark, but what the rays of a superior idea may penetrate, and the man who advances the idea will surely receive the reward he merits. Don't go about

whining "there is no chance for me."Make the chance; merit

does not wait for it. The man who receives lasting recognition

above his fellows, receives it because he has merited it. Other

means may succeed for awhile, may perhaps fool the whole world for a brief space, but merit only will introduce a man to success, and success and merit are always staunch friends.

Don't be afraid of trying to do more than is expected of you.

This has been the cause of many a failure. The giving up of an

hour's pleasure occasionally in order to complete a difficult task, does not escape an employer's notice, and lifts you up one more round on the ladder towards success. Some may think that constant work without any pleasure at all will make a man a drudge;

so it would, if the man hadn't a love for his work, but with love it becomes a pleasure. Constant effort is the secret of success

HOW MAY A YOUNG MAN GAIN SUCCESS? 805

every time. The old German inscription on a key, "If I rest, I

rust,"is as true of men as it is of the iron key. We cannot

hope to get something for nothing, any more than we can expect to continue to make drafts upon the banks of our country, without depositing money. If we examine into the great lives, we will

find that every laurel in their crowns was placed there by downright, honest, hard work.

Another very desirable qualification is that of common sense or judgment, and is frequently of more use to a man than anything else. Fra Elbertus has said, "The world reserves its big

prizes for but one thing, and that is 'initiative.'By 'initiative'

we mean doing the right thing without being told. Next to doing

it without being told, is to do it when we are told once."Employers want men who will do what they are told, in the way they

are told. The employer has his capital and reputation at stake,

and he wants men who will obey orders, men who will carry out instructions to the very letter. The failure or success of the

business is a matter that concerns the employer more than it does the employee. If you have common sense, you are doing your employer's will in his way. If you have common sense you will succeed, because the mistakes which are made, if any,will not be yours.

Another essential is that of confidence. Some drive success

away by their doubts, their fears, their lack of courage. ''Thought,

the master power,"has formed within them habits which repel success conditions. They hold the failure thought, the doubt

thought, the poverty thought, instead of clinging to the thought of abundance and success, until selfconfidence is destroyed by the enemies of achievement. There is no strong purpose in their

minds, and this condition must be overcome before success will crown their efforts.

"Last, but by no means least,"to quote from James J. Hill,

president of the Great Northern railroad, "Remember that out of business hours, the home deserves the most of your attention.

The employer feels an immediate confidence in a man or woman whose home is free from extravagance, enmity, contempt, wrath, strife, envy and opposition. Keep happiness in your home, and

you will create strength and efficiency for your work."

Sugar City, Idaho.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

IS SPECULATION A LEGITIMATE MEANS OF EARNING A

LIVELIHOOD?

The question is asked by a young man who appears to be very earnest in his desire to learn the attitude, if any, which the

Church has taken in regard to this subject.

What is speculation? In a good sense, it is investing in

shares, lands, goods, etc., with expectation of obtaining legitimate

dividends and other increases of value. If speculation under this

definition is engaged in honestly and does not include unsound, dishonest and hazardous transactions, and so become gambling, it is legitimate, and the Church does not condemn it. All legitimate

investments made in this way and in this sense, may be called speculation. The farmer when he sows seed, speculates upon the

harvest. He is legitimately looking for increased returns just as

the investor does who uses his money for the purchase of goods or stocks. The investment of means in manufacturing, mining, or

other kinds of capital stocks is a personal speculation, and the safety or value of most kinds of stocks and of various enterprises depends upon proper management and the honesty of the officers;

but the value of mining stocks, for the precious metals especially, depends upon whether or not the mineral is to be found and can be got out and marketed with profit. In the purchase of stocks

for investment one may be said to speculate upon all these conditions.

However, speculation may easily degenerate into gambling, in which case the Church must and does condemn it. Gambling is to

play for a stake or prize, using a variety of instruments and ways

EDITOR'S TABLE. 807

according to certain rules. Investments in stocks degenerates

into gambling when stocks are purchased with no thought of their intrinsic value as an investment, and solely for the purpose of betting what the price will be tomorrow. The difference between

legitimate investment, which may be called speculation, in wheat, and gambling in wheat, is this: in the first instance both the purchaser and the seller have the wheat to handle. One buys and

the other sells, the wheat is transferred. In the one case it is an

honest, legitimate sale; in the other, a bonafide and legitimate

purchase and investment. Speculation in this sense is a personal

matter which the Church does not condemn. The same may be

said of the purchase in like manner of all stocks, shares, land and other properties. It should be said, however, that no person

should make any investment solely because this, that or the other man, in the Church or out, so called high or low, is interested.

Investments are personal acts, and personal investigation and judgment should govern, not the fact that this or that man has invested In the second case, when gambling is employed, neither purchaser nor seller has any wheat. There is no intention to sell on

the one hand, and none to invest on the other, because there is neither wheat to sell nor to purchase. It is a case of gambling

on the price of wheat in the future—the loser pays the winner the

difference between the price at the present time and the future price. This is gambling.

Gambling in stocks is no less gambling because it is stocks which is being dealt with, than is gambling for money, or for margins in wheat. Much of the daily buying and selling of mining

stocks with a view to make money rapidly, with little if any thought of the value or desirability of the mines as an investment, is scarcely anything else than gambling. Certainly the greater number of such stock transactions comes under that title.

The Church does not approve of gambling but strongly condemns it as morally wrong, and classes also with this gambling, games of chance and lottery, of all kinds, and earnestly disapproves of any of its members engaging therein.

As to legitimate investments, our advice to everybody is that they use their best judgment and wisdom in investing their means 808 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

where it will not be lost, and, of course, that in all dealings they act honestly, and treat others as they would have others treat them.

In this connection, there can be no mistake about the fact bookkeepers, and professionalthat many of our young men—clerks,

men and others, risk too much in the purchase of stocks, and especially mining stocks, of which they know nothing, and thus get into the habit that will in the end lead them into gambling and kindred evils. Members of the Church should guard against this

and be careful that in their investments they do not encourage a spirit of gambling. True investment, call it speculation if you will,

develops the material resources of the state; gives employment to

men, and enriches the'commonwealth. On the other hand, the

daily buying and selling of stocks, mining and manufacturing, solely with the view to making money fast, and on the manipulated fluctuations of the market, is a species of gambling morally debasing, and without benefit to industry or trade.

Joseph F. Smith.

THE TRUTH.

"Above all Things Truth Beareth Away the Victory."

This striking sentence may serve as the class motto of the Junior

Y. M. M. I. A. classes this season. It will be found in the very

edifying piece of literature on this subject as given by the disputants before King Darius, which story runs through Esdras, chapters 3 and 4, in the Apocrypha. The motto, and the closing remarks

of the winning disputant are used on the title leaf of the Junior

Manual

Great is the truth and stronger than all things. * * * It endurethand is always strong; it liveth and conquereth forevermore. All the earth

calleth upon the truth, and the heavens blesseth it: all works shake and tremble at

it, and with it is no unrighteous thing. * * * * As for the truth,

it endureth, and is always strong; it liveth and conquereth forevermore. With

her there is no accepting of persons or rewards; but she doeth the things that

are just, and refraineth from all unjust and wicked things; aid all men do well

like of her works. Neither in her judgment is any unrighteousness; and she is

EDITOR'S TABLE. 809

the strength, kingdom, power, and majesty of all ages. Blessed be the God of

truth. * * * Great is truth, and mighty above all things.—

I Esdras 4: 3541.

TRACING THE GENEALOGY OF ORDINATION.

Question:—"I was ordained to the office of an elder, receiving the Melchize

dek Priesthood under the hands of Jacob Gates, who was a seventy. Later I was

ordained to the office of a seventy under the hands of President Wilford Woodruff, and still later, to the office of a high priest under the hands of Apostle Heber

J. Grant. Which line of ordination shall I trace in order to get the genealogy of

my ordination complete?"

Answer:—Through the genealogy of Jacob Gates who originally conferred the priesthood upon you. In case the line of ordination cannot be traced through him, then, of course, either of

the others will serve the purpose. The priesthood was conferred

upon you by the first person who ordained you, and for that reason, he is the proper one through whom to have your genealogy traced

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

Elder Henry 0. Poulsen, clerk of the Christiania conference, writes under

date of May 14: "The work of the Lord is progressing nicely in this part of Norway. We have just completed the repainting of our hall. Our choir, which is

considered the best in Christiania, draws a great many strangers to our meetings.

For some time past our elders have met with considerable difficulty in disposing of their literature, and it has not been an uncommon experience for them to be driven out of their houses by our Christian friends, while tracting among them;

but it is quite different now. The better classes, many of whom have visited our

meetings, are beginning to look upon the Saints as an enlightened people, and we find little difficulty in getting them to accept our books and tracts. As a result

those people who were once so bitter toward us are now beginning to consider the Latterday Saints as Christians, which title, with the right to baptize, was denied us for a long time. We must say for the good people of Norway that

when once they see the error of their course, they are not slow in changing, as most of those who visit our meetings cease their persecution, and many of them become our friends. As a result of the change in conditions, our progress has

been very marked. Daring the past eight months there have been 74 baptisms in

this conference, and under the present conditions we expect to see the number increased considerably in the next eight months. The elders are all enjoying the

spirit of their calling, and feel encouraged over the prospects for the future. We

look for a great work to be accomplished in this part of the vineyard."A portrait of the elders in that conference is given on the page following.

a X be EDITOR'S TABLE. 811

Elder Wiugfield Watson, now past 80 years of age, was invited to speak at a regular evening service of the Church at Independence, Mo., June 21. He is the

presiding high priest of the religious society founded by James J. Strang, commonly called Strangites, who left the Church after the troubles of Nauvoo. In a

congregation of some one hundred persons, there were pre.=ient, according to

Liahona the Elder's Journal, representatives of four different religious societies, all of whom believe in the divinity of the Book of Mormon and the mission of the

Prophet Joseph. This gave Elder Watson occasion to say:

"The Prophet Joseph Smith and his early followers proclaimed that the divided condition of Christendom was proof that the different sects were wrong, and now sectarian preachers can use the same argument with believers of the

Book of Mormon. * * * * jj j think the time has come fo

the different factions who profess to believe in the Prophet Joseph Smith and the

Book of Mormon to get together and investigate each other's claims."* * *

"The congregation,"says Liahona, "listened to the aged speaker with marked attention and respect. He seemed much impressed by the spirit that prevailed, and his closing sentences were spoken with a voice broken by emotion. It

is safe to say that from henceforth he will cherish feelings of respect for the elders and Saints from the west, and it seems likely that this sentiment will spread among his followers."

Recently the Church purchased a splendid building in London, with the object of converting it into a house for the headquarters of the London mission. It was

built for a hotel, but owing to its having been erected in a district where the selling of liquor was not permitted, the hotel was not a success, because it could not continue in business without a bar. It had been unoccupied for some time,

and was offered for sale at a low price. President Peterson of the London mission heard of it, and negotiations were entered into with President C. W. Penrose, ot the European mission, and the Presidency of the Church, with the result

that the Church decided to purchase the building. The elders have been at work to

remodel it, and have erected a baptismal font, and seated and arranged the large hall for public worship. The building has also living rooms, and offices for the

headquarters of the mission. The building was formerly known as the Markfield

Hotel, Tuddenham, London, but its name has now been changed to the Deseret

Hall. The property which the Church owns at No. 187 Farleigh Road is now for

sale.

President Rufus K. Hardy, of the New Zealand mission, says, under date of

Auckland, New Zealand, June 10:—"Noting in the February number of the Improvement Era, Vol. XI, a photograph of the Mutual Improvement association

farthest north, I send a photograph of a Mutual Improvement association which was organized at Auckland, New Zealand, July 3, 1907, and which ia, so far as we are aware, the Mutual Improvement association farthest south of the equator.

This association extends many thanks to the Improvement Era for its generous gift to them of the Manuals 189798, which they have diligently studied and are now nearing the completion of. Officers of the association in the photograph are

President, Wilford Woolf; first counselor, Lawrence Jorgensen; second counselor.

EDITOR'S TABLE. 813

Emma Ash more; secretary, Mabel Smith; assistant secretary, Nellie Lee; chorister, L. S. Jorgensen; organist and class teacher, W. D. Ellis. At its organization, David P. Howells \vas president. Zion is truly spreading her borders, east,

west, north and south, and the Mutual Improvement associations are certainly wielding a wonderful influence for good wherever they are established. '

Elder H. L. Bywater writes from Chester, Cheshire, England, May 6: I have

been laboring here in Chester (the "quiet city,") for the past two months. Chester is noted for its walls, its row of quaint houses, and picturesque streets, for

its great antiquity, and its many Roman treasures, and hither come troops of visitors from all foreign lands and climes. It has a population of about 45,000.

Here the assizes of the county are held, and the county business is transacted in the old Roman castle, where are also located the Cheshire Regiment. The unique

effect of Chester is more largely due to the "Rows"than anything else. Other

towns have walls, or portions thereof; other towns have halftimbered, and many,

a gabled style of architecture so common in the city; but none of them have anything exactly corresponding to the wonderfully picturesque and peculiar "Rows"of

Chester; nor have they a town completely surrounded by walls. The "Rows"are

covered ways, raised the height of the groundfloors above the street level, and covered by the flooring of the story above. The fronts are open, protected by

pillars, mostly of oak, black with age, some rough, some elaborately carved. At

the back are lines of shops of all descriptions and degrees of importance. And the

quaint effect is absolutely unmatched elsewhere. The upper fronts of the buildings are for the most part carved and paneled in ancient style. There are also

many old picturesque houses and churches. One in particular, the St. John's

church, with its ancient priory walls which still stand, was built in 689 by King

Ethelred.

The city walls of Chester give one the clearest idea of the appearance and arrangement of the ancient fortified towns of England, which is possible to obtain in latter days. They are supposed to have been planned and executed in Saxon

times. There is one part of these walls which antiquarians say belong to Septimus Severus, A. D. 200. The walls are in thickness about five to nine feet, and

there is a path made on the top of them so that a person can walk all around the city. Another important place is the "King Charles'Tower,"the place where

he stood and witnessed his army defeated, September 24, 1645, on Rowton Moor.

Also, we see the "Water Tower''which derives its name from the fact that in olden times the waters of the Dee came up to its walls with sufficient depth to enable vessels of considerable size to be moored thereto; there are iron rings

which the king fixed in the masonry for that purpose. It is supposed that this

tower was built in the fourteenth century, and rebuiit about the middle of the seventeenth. It is now used as a museum, and the ground adjoining has been

turned into a tiny pleasure garden. Among the treasures in the garden are the

pillars of a hypocaust, or vaulted apartment, from which the heat of a fire was anciently, by the Romans, distributed to the rooms above by means of earthen tubes. This method was used in public baths, and also in private homes. The

people here are treating us very kindly and the gospel is spreading and growing.

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COQNCIL.

The Following Questions Are Asked by the SixtyEighth Quorum of

Seventy. 1. "Is it necessary to have witnesses to baptisms, if so, why?''

Answer. We know of nothing in the written word that positively asserts that it

is necessary to have witnesses to ordinary baptisms of the living. Certainly there

were no witnesses to the baptism of the officer of Queen Candace's Court, except

Philip who was on this occasion the administrator (See Acts, 8); and it may frequently occur with traveling elders that baptism without witnesses will take place.

In the organized wards and stakes of Zion, however, baptism should only be per.

formed with the knowledge and approval of the local, presiding authorities, and usually others will be present; but, as already stated, we know of no rule that absolutely requires witnesses to be present.

2. "If witnesses are necessary, why are they not recorded?"Answer. The

fact that there is no absolute requirement for witnesses to be present in baptisms for the living, is doubtless the reason why no record of witnesses present is kept.

3. "Who may be witnesses as to priesthood,"etc.? Answer. No provision

is made for witnesses of any grade of priesthood.

4. "Is it proper that the place where the ordinance of baptism is to be performed should be dedicated before the baptism takes place?"Answer. There is

nothing in the written word so far as we know that positively requires that the place where baptisms are performed for the living should be dedicated; but a

beautiful custom has grown up in the Church, from the practice of the elders, of dedicating the place of baptism for the sacred rite to be enacted there, and we think it is worthy of all acceptation, and should be followed as a beautiful and appropriate custom in the Church.

A Series of Questions.—The one hundred and thirteenth quorum submits

the following series of questions 1. "Can a man be a president of a quorum of Seventy of which he is not a

member?"Answer. No.

2. "Are not the seven presidents of the first quorum of Seventy also the

local presidents of quorum number one?"Answer. Yes; only quorum number

one is not a "local quorum."

3. "If the first seven presidents of Seventy are local presidents of quorum

number tne, why are they not selected from within that quorum's district? Or

do the First (Seven) Presidents who live outside of the geographical limits of quorum number one become by some due process enrolled members in it, and continue to reside in some other quorum's district?"

This question is based on a misapprehension of the status of the first quonim

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE. 815

of Seventy. The first quorum may be said to have a double capacity. It is, of

course, one of the numerous quorums of the Seventy, and in most respects resembles these quorums in its organization and in its duties; but it is also one of

the three general presiding councils of the Church, having equal power and authority with the quorums of the Twelve, and in this respect it differs from the other quorums cf the Seventy. Being one of the three general councils of the Church

it is not a local quorum, and has no local quorum district. Its district is coextensive with the territory occupied by the Church. (See current Seventy's Year Book,

p. 9. Letter of the First Presidency, paragraph 2.)

At present the membership of the first quorum and presidency is made up of the senior presidents of the first sixtythree quorums, and the First Council of

Seventy, who preside over the first quorum, and besides that have a general presidency over all the other quorums of Seventy in the Church. If these facts, rel.

ative to the first quorum, are kept in mind, the apparent inconsistency suggested in the above questions will disappear.

Important Suggestions.—We call attention of presidents of quorum? and

of class teachers to the following suggestions made by Elder John Henry Evans of Salt Lake City and one of the quorum of Seventy, addressed to the editor of the "Table."Dear Brother:—Will you permit me to commend a feature of the "Seventy's

Manual,"and to make a suggestion concerning the next year book?

One of the best things in our course, it seems to me, is that part which provides for short discourses, together with those few, but helpful, hints about discourse-making. If properly carried out, this part forms one of the most beneficial

exercises that could"be devised for our seventies. I should therefore like to see

this part of the Manual, not only continued in the next, but increased in amount.

If it is possible, I should like to see the material for the lessons broken up into topics that would be convenient for short discourses and the topical method of instruction encouraged. At present, I think the teachers do too much of the

talking.

During the course of our present study, I have kept close tab on the manner in which at least one quorum of seventy present the lessons. And my observation

leads me to the conclusion that one of the most needful things just now is a course of study in the rudiments of English. The wabbly efforts of many of our good

brethren to express their thoughts, their inability to discriminate between what is important and what is not important in a discourse, their bad grammar and pronunciation, and similar improper methods of presentation—should not these things

have some attention in our manuals? I am strongly of the opinion that for the

most part the generality of our seventies need manner as much as matter. Should

not the Manual give them more of the former?

Now, on this I have a suggestion to make, based on my experience with a missionary class at the L. D. S. University, for three months last year. It is this:

Let material be incorporated in the Manual on the grammar and rhetoric of discourse. First, there could be something on the whole discourse—for example,

; togetherthat it must have a beginning, a middle, and an end—at least an end

with some general principles of unity, mass, and coherence. This might be followed up with some exercises in narration, exposition, and argumentation, taken

from general literature, and followed with original oral composition based on the

Manual. After this, some attention, probably a good deal, might be given to the

structure of the sentence and to usage in the matter of words, synonyms, etc.

i am sure that there is nothing which will teach one the importance of work816 IMPROVEMENJ ERA.

ing up to a point better than an anecdote or a short story. Last year at the University I started the class out with a simple narration that would take probably

only one minute or two to tell. This was always selected from the classics. The

details were pointed out in class and their value on the climax shown. Then

longer and more or less complex narratives were assigned. All these were to

emphasize form and the ordering of details. Then came exercises in simple and

complex narration requiring invention. In the same way we went through exposition and argumentation.

There could be gotten out a graded coarse in English suitable for Seventies, which could run through several years if thought necessary, and which would set them on their way towards a really good and useful English education. Fifteen

or twenty minutes of a Sunday morning, or at most thirty minutes, would be sufficient time in which to conduct the work, and it should be so simple that ''a wayfaring man"might not "err therein."

Comment on the Foregoing Suggestions.—We call attention to the

foregoing rocommendations of Elder Evans for other reasons than the intrinsic value contained in the suggestions themselves; namely, we desire to express the

wish that our brethren of the Seventy's quorums, instead of contenting themselves with asking questions would do as Elder Evans has done—offer us suggestions in

our work; and instead of being mere questioners that more of them would turn in

and work on the positive side of things. Give out ideas instead of eternally begging for ideas. Be fountains instead of mere ponds. View the trend of our work

as it developes, and make us helpful suggestions as to how we can better things.

Put yourselves in an attitude of mind that will make you part of the driving force of our machinery. Be among those who tell us how, rather than among those who

ask us why. The Table will gladly give place to helpful suggestions as we do to

these contained in the communication here commented upon. Relative to the enlargement of parts of the Manual commended by Elder Evans in our Year Book,

we would say that while suggestions on constructing discourses will doubtless be continued for some time in our Year Books, yet we cannot see how we shall be able to enlarge very much on the matter, and think likely that the requirements of the quorums in this respect can be better met by the recommendation of some primary work on Eaglish to be studied on the side, rather than by attempting to carry a graded course in connection with our theological course in the Year Book.

The First Council, however, will gladly receive and consider suggestions upon this subject that may be submitted to them by the presidents or class teachers. Let

us hear from you, brethren, on these and any other subjects on which you have suggestions to make.

Courtesy to other Quorums—"Finally, ***** be courteous."Such the

admonition of Peter to the Church in his day, and indeed it is an admonition that will hold good for all time among all sorts and conditions of men, since to be courteous means to manifest well bred kindness and consideration towards others.

It is a word representing a natural product of the spirit of the gospel. It should

be constantly practiced until it becomes tabitual. It is this quality of character

that distinguishes the man of cultivated mind and habiti from the ignorant boor.

It measures the distance between the barbarian and civilized man. It is the

quality which smooths the rugged path of intercourse between men of different

SEVENTTS COUNCIL TABLE. 817

opinions and pursuits in which so often create different viewpoints life—pursuits

on many important affairs in life. Courtesy is born of the spirit that makes for

peace rather than war. If it were represented by plants it would be the olive

branch instead of the thistle. It is the "open sesame"to all society worth while.

No one can long resist the polite approaches of the really courteous man. No

wonder, then, that Peter ia summing up the qualities which should characterize a

Christian people said: "Finally, * * * * be courteous."Courtesy is a quality of

character to be exercised not alone towards those whom we may think deserve it;

but to the undeserving as well. "Use every man after his desert and who shall

'scape whipping?"To paraphrase Hamlet, Men should be used not as they deserve,

perhaps, but after one's own honor and dignity: the less they deserve the more

merit is in the bounty of courtesy extended to them. If this quality of conduct

is to be followed, as we think it is, in one's intercourse with all men, how much more ought it to characterize conduct between brethren—men of the household of

faith, men having a common end in view—the declaration of the truths God has

revealed to the Church, to all the world, and the perfecting of the lives of those who receive thaftruth—to brethren of the same priesthood, albeit following different callings in that priesthood—to such, how timely the admonition of this,

"Finally, be courteous!"We would have our Seventies excel in the possession

and exercise of this quality. After love toward God and love for fellow

men, we would say, Brethren, be courteous; and, indeed, if the two former laws be

even approximately perfected in men, they will lead to the fulfilment of Peter's admonition. For it is not difficult to be courteous to those whom we love. To be

more specific, brethren, we would admonish you to the exercise of this quality of character in your associations with the other quorums of the priesthood. If you

have a special exercise, for example if there is to be a discourse on some of the sabiects suggested in your Year Book, and for which special preparation has been invitation to some of the brethren of the Elders quorummade,—why not extend an

or members of the High Priest's quorum, or the Bishopric of the Ward, members of the High Council, or members of the Priest's quorum—to be present and enjoy

that exercise? Let us cultivate the spirit of friendship one with another. Because

we are of different callings in the priesthood it does not follow that we should be estranged from our brethren. Closer fellowship is what we seek. Mutual helpfullness between all the quorums. The habitual willingness to share one with another the good things we have. Does the bishop visit your quorum? Extend to

him a most royal welcome. Does the Stake Presidency call upon you, or members

of the High Council? Be glad that it is so, and give them a most courteous welcome. Do the Presidency of the Elders quorums or some of the members express

a desire to visit your class meeting? Make them entirely welcome. Have these

visiting brethren suggestions to make? Listen to them attentively and profit by

what they offer. Let no body of men in the Church excel you in the matter of

courtesy, either as individuals or as an organization. It is most fitting that a body

of men upon whom primarily rests the direct responsibility of proclaiming the gospel to the world should cultivate this Christian grace of courtesy. Since they

must needs practice it when pursuing their calling, it should become habitual with them. Heed, then, this scripture, brethren, and "Finally, * * * * be courteous."

MUTUAL WORK.

FOR MUTUAL OFFICERS.

A circular of instructions in regard to the Fall Conventions of the Y. M.M.I. A.

will be issued early in August. Until then, in making arrangements for theConventions,

officers will follow the advice given in the circular of last year, found on pages 920-3,

Vol. X,Era. The program and circular for this year will appear in the September

number of the Era. The Reading Course for this season is announced in both the

Senior and Junior manuals for the present season, which are now in print ready for distribution. The Reading Course books will also be named in the September

number of the Era. This season's manuals for the special use of officers, the two

bound in one book, in a limpcloth binding, may be obtained from the Era office on receipt of price, 75 cents. This makes also a very valuable and instructive book

both for members of our associations and the general reader, especially suitable for home reading. We request our officers to be loyal, and to order the manuals,

as well as the reading course books, through the office of the General Secretary

Y. M. M. I. A.

Y. M. M. I. A. STATISTICS.

It appears from the General Secretary's annual report presented to the Convention at the June conference that there are 628 associations with a permanent enrollment of 33,617 members. There are 22,217 active members; and in the

12,107 regular weekly meetings held there was an average attendance of 14,537, an increase of 2,143 over last year. There are 1,074 members away from home

attending school, and 1,042 members on foreign missions, During the season, 685 public lectures were delivered, and 12,107 regular weekly meetings were held, with a total of all meetings of 23,094. The number of members who read any or

all of the Reading Course books prescribed for last year is 1, 635, an increase of 885 over last year. The large number of 15,181 was given of men of mutual age

who are not identified with the Y. M. M. I. A.

NEW SUPERINTENDENTS.

Edwin LeRoy Harrison was appointed and sustained as the Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. of the Pocatello Stake of Zion, at a conference held at Rockland, Oneida county, on the 20th day of June. In Provo, on July 12, Joseph A.

Buttle was sustained as Superintendent of Utah Stake, with H. C. Jex, and Ray

Maycock, counsellors.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Senator Smoot Goes to Europe,—Senator Reed Smoot left Utah on thel2th

of July to sail for Europe in a few days, to study forestryscience and practice, and to report on the same to the United States government. France, Germany

and Switzerland will be the chief fields of study. In all probability he will also

visit Russia if time permits.

Important Events.—On June 29, the Swiss Arrow Club balloon. Cognac,

succeeded in crossing the Alps; Thomas Lipton decided to challenge again for

America's Cup; the Equitable Life Assurance Society filed plans for a 628tory

building on Broadway, New York; the funeral of Expresident Cleveland was held

at Princton, N. J., on June 26; and Murat Halstead, veteran journalist, died at

Cincinnati, July 2; Luke E. Wright succeeded Wm. H. Taft as Secretary of

War, July 1, when he took the oath of office.

The Fleet Leaves San Francisco.—At 2 o'clock on July 7, the great

American Atlantic fleet under command of RearAdmiral Charles S. Sperry left

the port at San Francisco on its return journey around the world by way of the

Pacific Ocean and the Suez Canal. More than 12,700 enlisted men are on the

ships, and nearly 350,000 indicated horsepower is represented in the ships. They

will plow the seas and carry our flag to the leading ports of the world. Thousands of people witnessed the "departure of the battleships which left silently and

with little ceremony, on their way to Honolulu.

The Right Kind of Postal Cards to Send to Your Friends.-The Bureau

of Information has received a souvenir postalcard album of the birthplace of the

Prophet Joseph Smith, at Sharon, Windsor County, Vermont. The album consists

of a series of twelve postalcards neatly bound in a paper cover and containing artistic views of the White River valley, ruins of the old homestead, the monument, the memorial cottage grounds, the cottage entrance, the old hearthstone, the lily pond, a view of the woods, and of South Royalton village. No more

beautiful souvenir could be presented to a friend to enlighten him upon the beauties of the country immediately surrounding the birthplace of the Prophet Joseph, 820 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

and the green hil]s of Vermont.—Bureau of Information, Salt Lake City, Utah,

price 25 cents, or 30 cents by mail.

Republican Platform.—The platform of the Republican party paid a tribute to President Roosevelt's achievements, declared allegiance to the policies

which he had inaugurated, and pledged their continuance under the Republican administration of the government. Among other things that it favors are: A

revision of the tariff by a special session of Congress, immediately after the inauguration of the next president, with maximum and minimum schedules; postal

savingsbanks; the amendment of the antitrust and interstate commerce laws;

the admission of Arizona and New Mexico as separate states; the celebration of

Lincoln's one hundredth anniversary, on February 12, 1909, by all the people throughout the nation, and especially by the public schools; and it declares for a

more definite law on the rules of procedure for the issuance of injunctions by the federal courts.

National Democratic Platform.—The Democratic National Convention

adopted a platform demanding, among other things, economy in every department of the national administration; federal legislation providing for campaign

publicity; declaring against centralization of power; demanding tariff reform,

and such legislation as would increase the power of the Interstate Commerce

Commission; favoring an income tax and an eighthour day on all government

works; an employees'liability act; a generous pension policy; and the admission

of Arizona and New Mexico as separate states of the Union; laws for the conservation of the country's natural resources; the independence of the Philippine

Islands as soon as stable government can be established; territorial government

for Alaska and Porto Rico; also the celebration of the one hundredth anniversary

of the birth of Abraham Lincoln.

Death of a Pioneer.—The widow of Parley P. Pratt, Ann Agatha Pratt,

died at her home in Ogden, Utah, after a lingering illness, on the morning of June 26. She had resided in Utah since 1847, having arrived in the Salt Lake valley

that year, on the 28th of September, crossing the plains with an ox team which she drove the entire distance. She is said to have been the first woman to perform

such service. She is also said to have been the first white woman to ride up and

down Parley's Canyon, named for her husband. She was the daughter of William

Gibson and Mary G. Walker, and was bom at Leith, Staffordshire, England, June

11, 1829. She was baptized into the Church, July 18, 1843, and came to America

in January, 1847. She was a woman of many noble qualities, active in Church

work, and for many years was president of the Relief Society of the 19th Ward,

Salt Lake City; and also secretary of the First Ward Society, in Ogden, for many

years.

New Secretary of War.—Lue E. Wright, former GovernrGeneral of the

Philippines, was appointed to succeed Secretary Taft as head of the War department, on June 30. Mr. Wright is a native of Tennessee. He was formerly a

captain in the Confederate army, and served on the Philippine Commission for

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 821

four years. He became ViceGovernor and then GovernorGeneral of the Philippines, and finally was selected as the first American Ambassador to Japan. He is

a gold Democrat, and his appointment is the first instance where the President has gone outside of the lines of his own party in selecting a member of his cabinet, since Grover Cleveland made Walter Q. Gresham Secretary of State, in 1893.

The purpose of his appointment was undoubtedly to break the solid south, as the official statement from the White House said: "In appointing Mr. Wright, the

President was influenced somewhat by the desire to recognize in an emphatic way the fact that there is no longer any dividing line between the north and the south; that all good Americans are in thought and deed one."

Utah is Again Distinguished.—At the Republican National Convention,

held in Chicago, June 1620, Mrs. Lucy A. Rice Clark had the distinction of

being the one accredited woman delegate. In the absence of Senator C. E. Loose

of Provo, the regular delegate, she, being an alternate, was given the place in the Convention. Mrs. Clark was born in Farmington, Utah, in 1850, and has

been active in politics for a number of years. Her residence is in Garfield, and

she was elected from Box Elder County. She is the mother of eleven children and

has eleven grand children. The papers all over the United States have made very

favorable comment over "the one woman delegate from Utah who is an ardent suffragist."It is the general opinion that the cause of women suffrage in this

country received a perceptible impetus from her presence in the great National

Republican Convention. In 1900, Utah had a woman delegate at the Democratic

Convention, at Kansas City; aside from this, Mrs. Clark holds the unique position

of being the first woman delegate to sit in one of the great party conventions.

Her bearing and general dignified demeanor was a great help to the woman's cause, and her presence in the great convention, a distinct credit to her native

state.

Race Track Gambling Ended in New York.—On the 11th of June, race

track gambling was made a felony in New York, punishable by a year's imprisonment. On that date a bill abolishing racetrack gambling was enacted by the

legislature. The struggle leading up to this result was one of the most memorable in the political history of the state. Governor Hughes took an active part in

the bill's passage. The bill passed the Assembly in the regular session, but was

defeated in the Senate by a tie vote. Governor Hughes then called a special session of the Legislature to consider the measure. In the meantime a vacant seat

in the Senate had been filled by the choice of a senator who was in favor of the bill. In the special session, if each senator voted as before, this would make the

passage of the bill certain, except for the fact that one of the Governor's supporters, Senator Foelker, of Brooklyn, was disabled by serious illness and a surgical operation, and for days it was uncertain whether he could go to Albany to vote.

He did so, at last, against the advice of his physician, at great personal risk, and the race track gambling bills passed the Senate by a vote of of 26 to 25. The

law went into effect at once and arrests were made under it the very next day.

Governor Hughes wrote to Foelker, "Your courageous performance of duty at so 822 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

grave a risk, deserves the highest praise, and will long be pointed to as a fine illustration of fidelity and patriotic devotion to the interests of the state."

A Boosting Excursion—The Manufacturers'and Merchants'Association

of Salt Lake City, and the State Agricultural college, arranged a conjoint excursion to Nephi on Friday, July 10. Some four hundred people went from Salt Lake City

and intermediate places. The day was spent in Nephi at the experimental dry

farm, on the south of that city. A lunch was provided on the farm, and immediately thereafter the excursionists were divided into parties, and took a trip over

the farm. Dr. John A Widtsoe and Prof. L. A. Merrill and others gave practical

advice on arid farming with explanations of the various varieties of wheat and grass and other growing matter to the interested crowds that followed them.

Some five hundred varieties of grass, grain and vegetables are growing on the farm, located in a burning desert. Hundreds of acres of wheatfields lay beautifully green in the vicinity, which will produce from twentyfive to thirty bushels

per acre. The excursionists held a meeting in the Tabernacle at 4 o'clock, at

which Dr. Widtsoe, Hon. John Henry Smith, Lon. J. Haddock, secretary of the

M. and M. A, President George S. McCallister, of theM. andM., and Governor John

C. Cutler, gave enthusiastic speeches on the industries, the farms and the manufacturing establishments of our state. An address of welcome by President Winn of

the Nephi Commercial Club, made the visitors feel at home. The purpose of the

excursion, namely, to boQst for home manufacture, and to enlighten the people on the value of arid farming, was well served.

Democratic Nominee for President of the United States.—William

Jennings Bryan, of Nebraska, was nominated for the third time for the office of

President of the United States, at the Democratic National Convention assembled in Denver, July 8. The convention was in session

all night of July 9, and at 3:40 o'clock on the morning of July 10, the nomination was made, and Mr.

Bryan declared the Democratic Standard bearer.

Mr. Bryan received 892> votes. Governor John

A. Johnson, 46; Judge George Gray 59>; absent

or not voted 8, total, 1,006. The result of the

nomination was received with wild demonstrations, equaling in turbulence, if not in duration, the display which was made on Wednesday afternoon, when the Convention was one of continuous wild cheering for Bryan which lasted for an hour and a

half.

John W. Kern, of Indiana, was chosen

nominee for Vicepresident. Through the efforts

of Judge William H. King, and other Utah deleWILLIAM J. BRYAN. gates, the anti- "Mormon"plank which Senator

Dubois of Idaho sought to have inserted in the platform, was defeated. Delegate

S. S. Smith, of Utah, succeeded in having inserted the GoodfRoads plank.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 823

ExPresident Grover Cleveland.—On the 24th of June, ExPresident

Grover Cleveland died of a complication of diseases at his home in Princeton,

New Jersey. He was the 22nd president of the United States, and was born at

Caldwell, New Jersey, March 18, 1837. In 1881,

having acquired an excellent position as a lawer, he was elected mayor of BuflFalo, New York. The

year following he was elected Governor, by the

Democrats of New York state, and on November 4, 1884, having previously been nominated by the

Democratic National Convention at Chicago, he was elected President of the United States. He

was reelected for a second term in 1892. While

in the White House, he was married June 2, 1886, to Miss Frances Folsom, who, with four children, survives him. Civil service and tariff reform

were strongly advocated by him during his term of office. At his funeral, which occurred on the

26th of June, there was no military display, no sermon and no eulogy. The services were very

GROVER CLEVELAND. simple. Expresident Cleveland was considered

one of the strong characters of the United States,

President Roosevelt, said to have been the only person who shed a tear at his funeral, declared in a proclamation, on hearing of his death:

In his death the nation has been deprived of one of its greatest citizens. By

profession a lawyer, his chief services to his country were rendered during a long, varied and honorable career in public life. As Mayor of his city, as Governor of

his State, and twice as President, he showed signal power as an administrator, coupled with entire devotion to the country's good, and a courage that quailed before no hostility when once he was convinced where his duty lay. Since his retirement from the presidency, he has continued well and faithfully to serve his

countrymen by the simplicity, dignity and uprightness of his private life.

Governor Hughes of New York, in a similar proclamation, said:

He personified civic virtue and exalted the ideal of public office as a public trust. Firm, resolute, incorruptible, unseduced by flattery and unshaken by fear,

just and tenacious of conviction, he enriched the nation with a noble example of strength and fidelity.

Thousands of messages of condolence were received by Mrs. Cleveland, and

many leading characters of the nation expressed deep sorrow at his demise.

Secretary Taft said that "Expresident Cleveland had the highest civic ideals, a rugged honesty and a high courage. He is revered, loved and respected by his

countrymen."

Vicepresident Fairbanks spoke of Mr. Cleveland as the "very best type of a

public servant and a private citizen. His influence was always for good."Speaker

Cannon called him "one of our greatest presidents. "Secretary Straus said, "He

was one of the great fathers of the republic, a mighty giant of political right, eousness."Secretary Cortelyou said he knew of "no man in our history more

824 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

unflinchiDg in the performance of what he believed to be his duty,"and Mr.

Bryan is quoted as saying that "he was one of the strongest characters known to the political world during the present generation. '

Mr. Cleveland was president when Utah was admitted to the Union, and one

of the most valuable documents on file in our state archives is his proclamation admitting Utah to statehood. Mr. Cleveland was buried in the Princeton

cemetery, and his grave is by the side of his beloved daughter Ruth's.

Republican Nominees for President and VicePresident.—William H,

Taft, of Ohio, was named on the first ballot, taken on the third day of the

National Republican Convention, as nominee of the Republican party for President of the United States. The convention assembled at Chicago from the 16th to the 20th of

June. The vote stood as follows: Taft 702;

Knox 68; Hughes 67, Cannon 50; La Follette

25; Fairbanks 40; Foraker 15; Roosevelt 3,

absent 1; total 980 delegates.

Senator Burrows was temporary chairman, and Senator Lodge, Massachusetts, permanent chairman. When the latter in his speech

described President Roosevelt as "the best abused and most popular man in the United

States,"the convention and spectators applauded and cheered for fortyseven minutes.

Mr. Taft, who is in his 51st year,

possesses many qualifications for ofiice, and has an attractive personality. Since FebruWILLIAM H TAFT.

ary 5, 1900, when President McKinley appointed him chairman of a commission to inaugurate a civil government in the

Philippines, he has been one of the most. prominent characters in the

government of the United States. Prior to that time, 18921900, he was

Judge of the Sixth Judicial Circuit Court of Ohio. He was appointed Civil

Governor of the Philippines, in 1901, and his history from that time on is well known to every reader in the land. He succeeded Mr. Root as Secretary of War

in 1904, which office he has now resigned. The San Francisco Chronicle characterizes him as: "A candidate whose personal and political virtues have commended him not only to America but to the world."The Washington Post says:

"The Republican party has nominated its strongest nian. "The Philadelphia

Public Ledger considers him "peculiarly the man to take up the constructive work which Mr. Roosevelt has made possible, and thus to carry on the debated

policies with a safe and sound conservatism that will reestablish confidence and win support."

Mr. James Schoolcraft Sherman, of Utica, New York, was chosen Republican

nominee for VicePresident, on June 19. He is an excellent parliamentarian.

He received 816 votes on the first ballot, and the nomination of Mr. Taft as well

as that of Mr. Sherman, was made unanimous.

"BROWNINQ'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page eatalog; it ii free. We hare "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

BROWNING BROS. CO,, Ogdcn, Utah.

SCENIC LINE or THE \SrORLD

f\ paporafna Canyon of the Grande Canyon of the Gunnison

Of Natural Eajle liver Canyon Garden of the Gods

Beauty all Wajon Wheel Gap Manitou Springs \\)e U/ay. Glenwood Springs The Royal Gorje

THROUGH PULLMAN AND TOURIST SLEEPERS TO DENVER, ST. LOUIS AND CHICAGO

For Folders. Booklets, ec., address I. A. BENTON, G. A. P. D., Salt Lake City, Utah.

ATTENTION, SEVENTIES!

Inasmuch as you are now studying the book of Mormon, you will find the new Map of Book of Mormon Lands of great help in your work. The map is so drawn that it covers the greater

part of Nephite history and is practically indispensable to a successful study of the Book of Mormon,

The map is printed on linen paper and cloth and costs $1.50

and $2.00 per copy. It can be obtained from

JOEL RICKS, LoGAX, Utah.

("When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Where are yoii going to School Next Septemlier?

Before you answer this important question please consider carefully the advantages of the school which stands for broad, liberal training in all the industrial arts, the school for the masses.

The Agricultural College of Utali

THE BARNS

The following features certainly merit your attention:

A faculty of sixty members, educated in the best schools of America and Europe, men and women of generous culture, most of them experts in certain branches of industrial work.

An equipment of twenty buildings, admirably fitted with shops, laboratories, class rooms, library and music rooms, gymnasium, kitchens and dairies.

A location unrivaled for beauty, for health, for freedom from vice, for studious environment.

A series of courses in agriculture, domestic science and arts, commerce, mechanic arts, and general science, including nine college courses leading to degrees, and five manual training courses leading to certificates.

A body of alumni remarkable for the professional and financial success of every member, annually furnishing the State as well as the

Nation with many agTicultural experts, teachers of industrial branches, farm superintendents, chemists, etc.

Free Tuition. Very low expenses, the only general fee being $5.00

for registration.

High School graduates given appropriate college standing. All eighth

grade graduates enter without examination. All others enter by examination or as special students.

Send postal card for illustrated circular.

Address, The Registrar, Agricultural College of Utah,

Logan, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

The New Education

The AGRICULTURAL COLLEGE OF UTAH Offers an efficient combination of practical and theoretical instruction by trained experts of long and varied experience in the following industrial and technical subjects:

AGRICULTURE.—Farm Crops, Arid MECHANIC ARTS.—Carpentry, ForgFarming, Forestry, Horticulture, Irrigation ing, Mechanical Drawing, Machine Work,

and Drainage, Road Building, Veterinary Carriage Building, Pattern Making, Wood

Science, etc. Carving, Sloyd, etc.

DOMESTIC SCIENCE AND ARTS.—GENERAL SCIENCE.—English, MathCooking, Serving, Home Construction and ematics, History, Modern Languages,

Sanitation, Laundering, Hand and Machine Natural and Physical Sciences, etc.

Sewing, Dressmaking, Embroidery, Household Economics, Home Nursing, etc. ENGINEERING.—Irrigation Engineering

COMMERCE.—Accounting, Money and jointly with the University of Utah.

Banking, Business Administration, StenoCOURSES are also offered in Music, graphy, Penmanship, Typewriting, Comboth vocal and instrumental. Art, Physimercial Law, etc. cal Culture, Library Work, etc.

Tuition is Free: Registration fee $5.00.

What is the Mew Education?

It is the education that digniJies, simplifies and beautifies toil of every description by applying to it scientific principles. It is learning to do

by doing. It is the mingling, in proper proportions, of practical, technical

subjects and general culture subjects. In short, it is the education for

today. If you wish to learn more about it write for illustrated circular.

Address: The Registrar, Agricultural College,

LOGAN, UTAH.

I. Shoes and OverallsZ.C. M.

FOR B!Q and LITTLE MEN

Are Money Savers

Our Shoes are made of good substantial material, no composition inner soleG, we guarantee them. All we ask is "Give Z.

C. M. I. Shoes and Overalls a

fair trial,"then we are satisfied you will recommend them to your friends.

MOUNAINEER OVER.

ALLS NEVER RIP.

ClaytonDaynes Music Co.

Successors to Clayton Music Co. and Daynes Music CO.

Oldest, Largest and Best Music House in the West PIANOS, ORGANS, TALKING MACHINES EVERYTHING MUSICAL.

Col. N. W. Clayton, Prest. 109111-113 Main St.

Royal W. Daynes, Mgr. Salt Lake City.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.>