WINTER IN THE VALLEY

JANUARY 1955.

eavenl? 'SSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS

.. IReaMng

During 1955, resolve to read more good books... books that will strengthen

testimonies and increase faith... and

broaden your understanding of the gospel.

We promise to provide these books for

Heavenly Reading.

Matthewi > r* COWLSY

k FOR TIME OR ETERNITY HIS MANY MANSIONS

By Mark E. Petersen By Rulon S. Howells

leading 13 beliefs of The the of for the Youth docchurches are compared story inspiring this 5% oocnmn* WrittenChurch, in doctrine trine easy by tells clean for the need authoritative understand, to ing, marriage, andlivtemple doctrinal manner. Handy standards. adherence to LDS

for classincluded also chart $2.00

$2.25 work. room

faBBtotBHSkinr A CHILD'S STORY OF THE CONTENTS, STRUCTURE

PEARL OF GREAT PRICE AND AUTHORSHIP OF THE

By Deta Petersen Neeley BOOKBy J. N.OF WashburnMORMON

build to ideal book An unbiased, completely ob- A testimonies with the young jective of the Book review treasures Pearl the rare of of facts presenting Mormon,

Price. Interesting. of Great never before published which

Dramatic. with Complete morethan-human the show

history of original manuof that back mind wonderscripts. $1.75 ful record. $3.00

BEFORE AMERICAS IDEALS COLUMBUS

O.&$&&$&&& $$$vvv>v ByGOSPELDavid McKay By Farnsworth Dewey

$4.00 $5.00

MATTHEW COWLEY, MAN OF DOCTRINES OF SALVATION GENEALOGICAL SUPPLY HEADQUARTERS

FAITH Sermons and Writings of Record Binders, Acetate Sheets, Lineage Charts, Large Pedigree

By Henry A. Smith Joseph Fielding Smith Charts. Family Group Sheets, Family History Sheets, etc.

An intimate look into the very Compiled by Bruce R. McConkie.

life of the beloved apostle, One of the foremost gospel

Matthew Cowley. All the poigscholars of the Church sets

nant details of a life spent in down in plain language the the service of man and God. doctrines which will bring sal-

$3.50 vation to man. $3.00 t 1 1 86 SouthookcrafMain Salt Lake City Utah

ORDER BY MAIL OR THRU BOOKCRAFT DEALERS the cracker that -features

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Drills only onethousandth of an inch in diameter, smaller than a human hair, are used to drill hypodermic syringes and fuel injection nozzles. Club Crackers by Purity have

... rich 'nRubber"tires one would think are a fresh, new flavor

essentially rubber with some cotbuttery... and a crisp, flaky

ton or nylon. Actually both natural

and synthetic rubber for tires require texture.

40 to 50 pounds of carbon to a hundred You'll love their smart new pounds of rubber. This carbon is called

carbon black and is similar to lampshape, too!

black but is finer in particle size made by tiny high temperature flames of petroleum products or natural gas impinging against cool metal which condenses the carbon into tiny particles.

The ability of adults to recall information increases until the 2530 age and then remains constant for about 30 years, though with aboveaverage intelligence individuals the ability may increase up to age 60. Tests also show

that the capacity to form comparisons and reason by analogy decreases with age.

4 new process for mushroom flavor -f*- without the expense of ordinary mushroom growing is possible with a "submerged culture"process, and for about six cents a pound compared to 30 cents a pound, for the shed grown. By

using agricultural wastes such as asparagusbutt juice, pearwaste juice, or ricebran extract, a pure culture of the mushroom spores are seeded into large tanks and grown as a fermentation process. The product differs only in

form from fully developed mushrooms.

TJecords of Hudson's Bay Company for! 182119 13 show that the Canadian

lynx population fluctuates by about a factor of 10 reaching a maximum on the average of 9!/2 years in any region,

though all regions do not have their maximum at the same time. The main

prey of the lynx is the snowshoe rabbit which also has its maximum in cycles of 9 ]/2 years. Information gathered from

trappers and Royal Canadian Mounted

Police outposts in recent years has found that the arctic fox and snowy owl, as well as their principal food, the lemmings, have cycles of about 4 years, as reported in the British Monthly SciPocafelloence News. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt Lake Phoenix

JANUARY 1955 Before you buy HEATER, a WATER THE REVIVAL OF GERMANY investigate... made FOWLER by

the West's own manufacturer who pioneered glasslined tank conby Dr. G, Homer Durham

struction to give you cleaner hot VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH water and longer service.

The revival of Germany is one of the the "Democratic Republic."Some feel

J- major events of this decade. The that the US, Britain, and France may

issue as to whether Russia or the sohave "democratized"the "Federal Recalled "western powers"should control public."The surest thing, however, is

Europe may soon be resolved in terms to realize that the feeling for union is of a new balance of power. A revived stronger than either; and that when the

Germany holds the key, at least to red army and the rest withdraw (alnorthern and central Europe. though the red army will leave a totaliIn September 1954, the United States, tarian communist regime behind to carBritain, France, and five close associates ry on Soviet plans in the east) German

agreed to restore the West German nationalism is certain to flame again in

Federal Republic to full sovereign one way or another.

status. Thus was played, in effect, the A brief review of the West German

last major card held by the western Federal Republic is instructive. At

allies in the effort to reconstruct Gerwar's end in 1945 it consisted of conmany as a wellbehaved member of the quered territory governed by French, family of nations. In return, the GerBritish, and American rule in three

man Federal Republic agreed to ally zones. In 1946 the British and Ameriherself with the NATO can zones were combined, w military scheme as the with the French zone

condition of her rearmaadded by 1948. On

ment. Russia still holds September 1, 1948 "Tri-

a hand of cards, includzonia"was permitted to ing trumps, which she hold a constitutional concan play in the effort to vention under the auswin Germany to unity pices of the three occupyunder communist leaning powers. On May 8,

ings or auspices. Ger1949 the socalled "Bonn

man rearmament is a Constitution"was adoptmajor Russian fear. The United States ed, and the following September the

and the western allies were anxious to German Federal Republic was launched play upon this fear. A rearmed Gerwith Dr. Theodor Heuss as its nominal

many poses vexing problems to Russia. President and Konrad Adenauer as its

But she has ways and means (largely chancellor and active political leader.

her vast trading areas and markets, and In June 1952 the western powers signed the control of East Germany) to influ- a "Peace Contract"with Adenauer reence the revived sovereign nation in storing a large measure of selfgovern-

West Germany. The world can look ment, including foreign affairs. This

forward to and expect the merging of was part of the EDC scheme which the two German areas in the near fueventually failed. 1

ture. "The giant stirs again,"wrote With the collapse of EDC in JulyWATER HEATER Norbert Muhlen in 1953. German 1954, the western powers hurriedly fabis mili-* alive. reviving nationalism In ricated the of extension the NATO at a glassTAKE A GOOD LOOK let auspices, tarism, under even NATO scheme. in London, 1, And by Octoberlined Fowler, the best electric West's

its the western that us and hope US full 1954, sovereignty had been prom-! heaterwater value dealer your to Ask allies will they mistake no have made ised in principle and restored to the glassliningexplain and Fowler's many regret. live to far Federal so German Republic as the

other advanced features. Find out At present there are two Germanies. western powers are concerned. The

about Fowler's 20year prorated warThe western portion is the larger. It is details of turning Dr. James B. Conant

ranty. Then you'll be sure Fowler is the called the German Federal Republic. into a US Ambassador to this country,

one right water heater for you. Its population approaches fifty million instead of its High Commissioner, and

miles. nearly square area of 95,000 in an the military adjustments for remain the folderRequest for information about

is political leader Adenauer Konrad future. British, US, troops and French Fowler the many models and year. his eightieth nears rapidly will also to continue the whoIts occupy the repubname of your nearest dealer. The eastern portion is called by itself, lic until the new scheme is realized

the German Democratic Republic. It and perhaps longer.

CO.FOWLER MANUFACTURING

S. E. Gladstone Street, Portland2545 2, Oregon has fewer than twentymillion inhabiThe Federal Republic's economic rePlease send folder and name of my nearest Fowler dealer. tants occupying some 41,000 square covery, with American aid, has been

miles. This entity is the Russianoc- phenomenal. Sixty percent of allNar

cupied zone. Despite the occupants, buildings in the territory were in ruins

Address. both portions share a common desire {Continued on page 62)

for reunion. The Soviets may feel thatCity Zone State iSee "The European Defense Community,"These "communized"they have successfully Times, Improvement Era, August The 1952.

The World

Gospel Ideals! and the Prophets

Hugh Nibley M David O. McKay

understanding, Insight and Prophets. the vindicates Time

promise, love and and hope is excellent This an book all for living guidance... nature and study of human pping this important in are found Prophof divinelyappointed

ets—from the Prophets of the book containing the essence

3! Old Testament to Joseph of nearly half a century's serSmith. mons and writings.

If $2.50 $4.00

J. REUBEN CLARK JR.

Our Lord of the Gospels is a harmony of all the events in the life of Jesus as reThe Doctrines Israel corded in the Four Gospels of Salvation DoMnouj?

of the King James version Joseph Fielding Smith LeGrcind Richards in the Third Nephi and Book I, Volume compiled The promises to by the Bruce made

R. McConkie, the House from disthe of Judah by Lord

courses of this are related popular with insight church deep a Truly of Mormon. magleader. It also features and compared timely with a

wealth of new material, taken happenings in this outstanding from the personal book. Here, correspondnificent divine word, on the book

of Joseph Fielding you Smith. of become inawareprinted the

very important enceA actual fulfillment of doctrinal ancient teachings of nook. our life and prophecies. -.$3.00 QQ $2

Savior! $5.00

man, His Origin matthew and Destiny Cowley

Fielding Joseph Smith Speaks science As and philosophic thought explore the depths Straightfrom-theheart serdiscourses of and mons final of origin man's and This heloved Cowley. "Matt"

religion destiny, stands tribute great has magnificent firm II emotional understandCo. in eternal unrefuted the the Desoret and Booh

of nature, ing and humanappeal, its scriptures. truth divine of 44 Fast South Temple -- Salt Lake City. Utah inspiration every page. on

$4.00 $4.00

DSSERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Mm Gentlemen:

Enclosed you will find check money order charge to my account the following amount for the encircled (numbered) books:

Name m Address JSISis City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

JANUARY 1955

\JfncLal \Jraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF

EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, 'The Voice of the Church"WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER

AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurcn of

of cLatteraaij 2>aint6 Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Editor: C. Managing JOSEPHSON MARBA

Production Editor: L. - Research ELIZABETH ALBERT MOFFITT

- Editor: ManuscriptJ. IRIS Editor:ZOBELL, PARKER

- Editors: G. JR.ARCHIBALD HOMER BENNETT DURHAM

- JR. S. HARRIS, NIBLEY LEE ContributingFRANKLIN A. PALMER HUGHF.

- B.- B. SIDNEY SPERRY PETERSEN CLAUDE

- General Associate Manager: R. Manager: CURTIS ELBERT BERTHA Jke Lcover - Advertising F. Director: Business D. Manager: GILES S. SCOTTREEDER VERL JOHN

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

"Winter in the Valley"depicts the hardships and cold endured by the

Pioneers. The painting by J. Leo Fairbanks is in the Bureau of Information

The Editor's Page on Temple Square in Salt Lake City.

Some Certainties that Can Be Counted On. President David O. McKay 13

Church features EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES 50 North Main Street Your Question: What Can We Do On the Sabbath?

St. Offices, 50 North Y.M.M.I.A. Main Smith 14 Joseph Fielding

St. Offices, 40 Main North 20 Y.W.M.I.A. Hugh Nibley The Way of the Church—Controlling the Past—I

1, Salt Utah Lake City What My Faith Means to Me John A. Widtsoe 27

Four Members Appointed to Melchizedek Priesthood 48 Copyrightration of 1955the Youngby MutualMen'sFunds,MutualInc., Improve-a CorpoGeneral Boards 7 Presiding Bishopric's Page 50 ment Association of the Church of Jesus Christ

The Church Moves On 8 ofscriptionLatterdayprice,Laints.$2.50Alla rightsyear, reserved.in advanceSubforeign subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance;

25c single copy.

Special Features EnteredUtah, as atsecondclassthe Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

mailing at special rate of postage provided

We Are Not Alone In Life Richard L. Evans 16 thorizedfor in sectionJuly 2,1103.1918.Act of October 1917. auresponsible not for Improvement Era is Price Value Beyond

unsolicited conmanuscripts, but welcomes and Other Wheat tributions. be accomAll manuscripts must Foods for Man,. SterlingJerryB. TalmageW. Hill 2318 The

What's The Rush? O. A. Kearney 31 paniedreturn. by sufficient postage for delivery and

The Spoken Word from Temple Square

Richard L. Evans 36, 40, 42, 46 Change of Address

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Germany, G. Homer Durham 2 Fifteen days'notice required for change of

inplease address. ordering a change, When Harris, Bookrack 10 On the slip address a recent issue clude of from These Times, Page Jr. The Revival of 1 Your & Ours 64 magazine. changes be the cannot Address

made unless the old address as well as the new

Today's Family one is included.

A Tradition of Good Food with If I Were in My Teens, Emily H.

Mrs. Richard L. Evans 52 Bennett 58

Why Must They Bring Sweets? Handy Hints 59 National Advertising Representatives

William Witter 56 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California ies, Poetry EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

1324 Wilshire Blvd.

Mothers are So Helpless Mary Ek Knowles 24 SADLERLosANDAngelesSANGSTON17, CaliforniaASSOCIATES The Transformation of Helen Lora M. Conant 28 342 Madison Ave.

A Wooden Fence Joyce Knudsen 32 New York 17, N. Y. DAVIS & SONS

Frontispiece, Celestial Tree in Winter, ElizaChange, Oren R. Brown 42 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt. 11 beth A. Hutchison Housewives'Waterloo, MerJane

Poetry Page 12 chant 55 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

4 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gttuOiocketjACtuA:

npOF cruFPJiGENERAL MilMILLSI <; U

"Its the sourcream buttermilk in the mix that makes Speny pancakes

taste so good!

Never before could you make such delicious sourcream, buttermilk pancakes. It's a simple

new Betty Crocker method. Easy directions

are on the Sperry Pancake & Waffle Mix package. Try them. You'll get lighter,

better tasting pancakes than ever before.

Sherry PANCAKE & WAFFLE MIX "SPERRY"AND "BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS

JANUARY 1955 The Encyclopedia Americana I very step of the way, The Encyclopedia Americana can be your foundation E of learning and a stairway to success, a future unlimited! Now, you and your

entire family can build for a wonderfully new life, with a whole world of knowledge at your fingertips in every volume of this famous set.

Today's most successful men and women, leaders in every field of endeavor, continually strive to improve their grasp of knowledge. The power of knowledge can give you the tools to create the confidence and strength to make your

life a success. What better way to do this than with The Encyclopedia Americana's 59,000 easyto-read, easyto-understand articles on every important subject?

Your children, too, will learn the value of this handy reference work, containing background material on world affairs, literature, history, science, drama, art, government. They will get an early start in building

for their future through better understanding and appreciation of their schoolwork.

30 GREAT VOLUMES * 59,000 ARTICLES 10,000 ILLUSTRATIONS EASYTO-USE INDEX

Priced from binding buckram libraries schools, and (exclusivelyU.S. Governfor

Departments). 29950—inment

to

full leather maroon, designed,binding—arich, deepset great beauty. 600oo—magnificentlyof

Prices of other bindings and combinations upon request.

AMERICANA CORPORATION4606 EASTWEST HIGHWAY, WASHINGTON 14, D. C. Free Booklet!

for the Write FREE 48page without obliGentlemen: Book11 Preview Americana Pregation—the newPlease48page,send mefullcolorFREE—Americana

Also, please Booklet.view

this large library 30volume tellon meeasyhowbudgetI mayterms.obtain let!the Itthrillingcontains fullpage,many of

NAME fullcolorand a samplingillustrationsof the v

ADDRESSfascinating articles which appear in CITY ZONESTATE The Encyclopedia

Americana. Send for it now!

Four Members Appointed to General Boards

mission now that Australian have the his return who are members aries from been apfrom new CinceFour a service. For to military in pointed the general boards has serving Liddle Elder Mission in 1935, of M

the Young Men's and Young served in various capacities as deashort time she served as an ordinance

Women's Mutual Improvement Assocons'quorum adviser, Explorer leader, worker in the Salt Lake Temple.

ciations. They are Alma Heaton M Men leader and basketball coach, She is assigned to the Junior

and Parley H. Liddle to the YMMIA, assistant stake superintendent and Gleaner committee of the general

and Carolyn Dunn and Virginia Harlater stake superintendent of the board.

ris to the YWMIA. North Jordan (Utah) Stake YWMIA,

and Sunday School teacher. He has

A native of Kanab, Utah, Elder been active in the Church in Nevada, -'*- Heaton has long been active in where he was born, in Salt Lake the Church. He was first appointed City, Provo, and Granger, where he

as a ward MIA dance instructor when has lived for twelve years.

he was sixteen, and later served as In 1953, he received the honorary dance instructor in Kanab Stake. He Master M Men award. He has been

filled a mission in the Canadian Mis- a member of the North Jordan Dission; he was active in the Southern trict Scout committee.

States during the time he was staWith his wife, Clara, whom he tioned there during the war. He has married in the Salt Lake Temple, he

been one of the presidents of the has served as stake dance director 311th quorum of Seventy in Riverand district dance supervisor in the dale (Utah) Stake. Jordan area. The couple have three

Elder Heaton married Marie Bishop sons and a daughter. Carolyn Dunn Virginia Harris

in the Salt Lake Temple in 1943. The Elder Liddle's assignment will be

couple children. four have In 1946 to the dance committee of the genof Tiss president Harris, YWMIA his wifehe appointed and were eral board. *"* Jordan the Bingham Ward, West inStake dance (Utah)Weber

structors and later held the same (Utah) Stake, has for many years activities in in active dance been MIA in Stake.position the Riverdale active been At "l/fiss always has Dunn

disas also a stake, her and ward, this of appointment, Elderthe time -"* she in wherever work Church is a trict supervisor. She dance district dance Mrs. were Heatonand of Tooele, native Utah been. has A in the secretary attendance former of in six stakes thesupervisors the teacher a School she Sunday was

Provo area. there in the First Ward and was an YWMIA.

He attended Weber College and Honor Bee. Later she was YWMIA She has been a Sunday School

later the Utah State Agricultural camp director in Tooele Stake. She teacher since she herself was in the

College. He holds a master's degree served as Gleaner-M Men leader in seventh grade in the Bingham area.

in physical education and recreation. the University Ward, Seattle (WashAt the present time she is Junior

He is a member of the faculty of ington) Stake, while she was a stuSunday School supervisor of her

Brigham Young University. His asdent at the University of Washington. ward, and has been a member of the

signment with the general board will She is a graduate of the University West Jordan Stake Sunday School be on the dance committee. of Utah. board.

Her other YWMIA activities inMiss Harris holds a bachelor of clude: music director, University science degree in physical education

(Salt Lake City) Stake, drama difrom the Utah State Agricultural rector in the University Ward, EmiCollege. Since then she has taken

gration (Salt Lake City) Stake, special work in dance at the UniverGolden Gleaner supervisor and sity of Wisconsin, University of CaliGleaner-M Men activity leader, fornia; Colorado College, College of

Emigration Stake. She participated the Pacific, and the McCune School

on the Golden Gleaner banquet comof Music and Dance. She initiated

mittee during the June 1953 MIA square dancing as a community acconference. tivity in Bingham Canyon and reMiss Dunn has filled a mission to ceived the Eagle Lodge award as the

New England, and is a past president outstanding person of the year conof the New England Returned Mistributing to community activities.

sionary Society. She organized a She is assigned to the dance comAlma Heaton Parley H. Liddle newspaper for the returned missionmittee of the general board.

JANUARY 1955 THE CHURCH MOVES ON For Church

A Day To Day Chronology Of Church Events School

President intact Charles with O. Dunn or Auditorium October 1954 counselors, Albert Elders N. and his

Muhlstein and Howard M. Ballif. The

7 Elder LeGrand Richards of the new stake was organized under the diCouncil of the Twelve dedicated rection of Elders Harold B. Lee and

the chapel of the Seaside (Oregon) George Q. Morris of the Council of the

Branch, Northwestern States Mission. Twelve.

Dr. Hugh Nibley of the faculty of Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to

Brigham Young University concluded the Council of the Twelve, dedicated his popular series of radio discussions the chapel of the Chico Ward, Gridley on the Church hour on KSL. (California) Stake.

the of B. Isaacson Bishop Thorpe

statue goldcovered aluminum 1 A The chapel the Bishopric dedicated Presiding hoisted of the Angel Moroni was

Farr of the Plain City Ward, West Los of the of the tower to top the

Angeles Temple. (His trumpet will be (Utah) Stake.

put into place later.) President and

:y in Los Angeles were Mrs. McKay and j 1-*- UnderImprovementthe directionAssociation,of thetheMutualfinals placed. statue permanently the saw

Elder LeGrand Richards of the Counof the annual quartet contest opened tocil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel day.

of the Kellogg (Idaho) Branch, Northwestern States Mission. | O These are the winners in the an-

"nual quartet festival: Male quarAMERICA'S FINEST 9 A It was announced that Elder Alma tets: Lorraine Ward, Parley's First

Heaton had been appointed to the Ward, Canyon Rim Ward; Ladies'

quartets: Canyon Ward, South Rim general board of the Young Men's MuTwentieth quartets: LorWard; Mixed ELECTRONIC ORGAN tual Association. Improvement

raine Ward, Mountain View Ward.

Come in or... phone for a demonBishop Carl of the Pre- W. Buehner

stration and Bishopric the dedicated combinaappointment—see hear November 1954 siding

this newest standard Connsonata... tion Fairmont Granite chapel and Ward

A.G.O. specification, 32note pedal \ President Stephen L Richards left (Salt Lake City) Stake recreation cenboard with two independent 61 -note Salt Lake City for Europe, where ter.

manuals. No other organ can comhe will lay the cornerstone for the new

temple near Bern, Switzerland. 1 O President Stephen L Richards of pare with it for allround value. See

the First Presidency laid the corit today. The First Presidency announced nerstone for the Swiss Temple, located

6 that Elder Richard L. Evans of at Zollikofen, near Bern, Switzerland.

dunes Music tinuethe Councilas presidentof theof theTwelveTemplewillSquarecon- 1 i President David O. McKay dediof of the Bureau of cated the chapel the Mission and director Las Vegas \ ii mi l I ii i**4547 W\\Ti I TiTITTITTTITTITiT D. President Marion Fifth south main Information. wards, Las and Sixth Vegas (Ne5aftaleeCtty

145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PR0VO"226O,J WASHINGTON BLVD., OGDEN Hanks of the First Council of the Sevvada) Stake.

enty was named as first counselor, and Elder Mark E. Petersen of the Council

was named Elder Robert R. McKay of as of dedicated the the chapel Twelve

will counselor. The counselorsMinn in i nun n II mill mil mum Ill second Sixth City the South Brigham Ward, FOR THE MISSIONARY,

IN STAKE OR MISSION Bureaualso serveof Information,as assistant indirectorswhich ofcapacthe Box Elder (Utah) Stake.

ity Elder Hanks has been serving since BOOKS TWO E. of Petersen the Mark 1948. I C Elder

Especially written with the missionary in mind left Council of the Salt Twelve of for a tour Lake City the "THE A. B. C OF three South MORMONISM"

Boise organized Stake 7 West of missions from American the Church. and of portions Boise (Idaho) Stake,

"THE MORMON MISSIONARY'S with Elder David Keith Ricks as presiMESSAGE"dent. Elders Elton P. Larsen and Grant O j President David O. McKay dediby AUBREY J. PARKER C. Cluff were sustained as counselors. cated the chapel of the Ogden

(Onetime Methodist Minister) The new stake, 218th now functioning Thirtyfourth and Thirtyseventh wards,

Beautifully—in the Church, is composed of memberSouth Ogden (Utah) Stake.hard back—boundin thein greenpopularandpocketgold clothsize for

togreater convenience. Sent you for $1.00 each, ship residing in the Boise Third, Fifth, Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the

postpaid, world. the anywhere in

Address Elder Aubrey J. Parker Seventh, and Eighth wards, Meridian, Council of the Twelve dedicated the

616 West on Carrillo Meridian Second, and Eagle wards. The chapel of the North Ogden Second

Santa Barbara, California i iiimiimii minimi [iniiiiiiiiimiiiii presidency of the Boise Stake remained Ward, Ben Lomond (Utah) Stake. minim imiimiiiiiiiiiiiii ii m inn i milium mi m

8 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEAR DEAN BENNETT REPORT B.Y.U. BASKETBALL ACTION

"PLAYBY-PLAY"ON KSL Radio

*BYU at Manhattan (Madison Sq. Garden*

nuary 6 S$|YU at New Mexico?!!. 8:00 P.M.

January 8 BYU at Denver.;ljf|. 8:00 P.M.

anuary 14.. Montana at BYJ|3$$. 8:00 P.M.

anuary 1 5'?j5j. Utah State at BYU ]f 8:00 P.M.

January 21. &YU at Colorado A&M. 8:00 P.M.

January 22.BYU at Wyoming... 8:00 P.M

January 2829.. *BYU at Oregon.....9:0C

February 1 1 *$.. Utah at BYU..... 8:00

February 12...... BYU at Utah..

February l?fe$ BXU flUifah $*4l$gtfj 8:00 P.M.

February l.Jjfe, BYU at Montai 8:00 P.M.

February 25 Colorado A&M at BYU.. 8.00 P.M.

February 26. Wyoming at BYU. 8.00 P.M.

March 4 Denver at BYU.. 8:00 P.M.

March 5 New Mexico at BYU 8:00 P.M.

*N on - 1onf r#n ce 9 ** e

JANUARY 1955 ON THE BOORRACR

OUR LORD OF THE GOSPELS

(J. Reuben Clark, Jr. Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City. 552 pages. 1954.

$5.00.) This book is one that has long been needed—since it is a harmony of

the Gospels, Matthew, Mark, Luke, and

John, as well as with some of 3 Nephi where it corresponds. In addition there

is one section that deals with 3 Nephi separately. Most readers of the New

Testament are interested in knowing the way the Gospels coincide and the way they differ from each other. This book,

ably executed by President J. Reuben

Clark, Jr., of the First Presidency, gives

in consecutive reading the direct quotations from the Gospels dealing with the same subject matter.

The forcefulness of such a treatment is immeasurable since the accumulative evidence piles up with great intensity concerning the life and mission of Jesus

Christ, our Lord and Savior. Our Lord

of the Gospels indicates the diligence and the painstaking qualities of the author who has combed the scriptures to indicate a clearer account of the teachings of the Christ. The reader, whether

he be a scholar or an average reader,

It's the grapes! willto anfindincreasedthat thistestimonybook willof addthe muchministry of Jesus Christ.

The world's finest grapes are grown in the sundrenched San Joaquin

Valley of California on the Western DOCTRINES OF SALVATION

Slope of the High Sierras. From these (Sermons and Writings of Joseph Fieldwell-caredfor vineyards, stretching

mile after mile, only the best of each ing Smith. Compiled by Bruce R.

year's crop is selected and dried in McConkie. Bookcraft, Salt Lake City.

the sun to make Plump and Meaty 1954. 348 pages. $3.00.)

Brand raisins. That's why Plump and

Meaty Brand are the tastiest, plumpFrom the published writings and from est, meatiest, most luscious raisins the many personal letters President you ever ate! Joseph Fielding Smith has written answering questions by researchers, these

Make all your foods RICH with many selections have been compiled into

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins. chapters dealing with such subjects as:

Plump and Meaty Brand Natural Character, Attributes, and Perfections

Seedless Raisins are: of God; The Son of God; The Holy

PURE UNADULTERATED Ghost, Light of Christ, and Second

CONTAIN NO CHEMICALS Comforter; Our First and Second EsOR ARTIFICIAL tates; The Earth: Its Creation and

PRESERVATIVES Destiny; Michael our Prince; The Fall

of Adam; The Atonement of Christ;

Evolution; Everlasting Covenants; The

Luscious Plump and Meaty raisins come to Restoration of All Things; Joseph Smith:

you as fresh as the day they were packed—Prophet of the Restoration; The Divine

twicesealed in Flavotite cartons or bags. Law of Witnesses; The Church and

They stay fresh and hold their natural goodKingdom; Origin and Destiny of the

ness and taste. Try them today! "Reorganized"Church; The Law of

Revelation; Gaining the Knowledge

SAVE! Buy the economical two and four that Saves; and Teaching the Gospel.

pound bags, twicesealed in Flavotite. From this list the reader can glean the

They keep! significance of the treatment—and

VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA knowing the author(Concludedwill realizeon page 43)the 10 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA -Photograph by Willard Luce

Tree in Winter by Elizabeth A. Hutchison

TPhis pure and cleancut symmetry of form *- Which summer hid from our admiring eyes

With green and flattering garments of disguise,

Emerges now from out the winter storm.

Before spring comes with gentle air to warm

The icy fingers reaching toward the skies,

We see their strange new beauty with surprise,

White etchings made as twirling snowflakes swarm.

Against a sunset sky of spreading flame

Exquisitely a picture is portrayed

In sweeping lines both delicate and bold.

These stark and fragile branches are the same

That other seasons brilliantly arrayed,

But now an innate charm and grace unfold.

JANUARY 1955 11

UNTO YOU THIS DAY

By Mabel ]ones Gabbott jjIn* Marya stablesoothedroom thewithholycattlechild,lowingand near,knew

A quiet peace, dispelling doubt and fear,

And rocked him in her arms as mothers do.

She welcomed great and wise men from

SONG TO MY HEART PRAYER AT THE NEW YEAR And afar,shepherds from the hills near Bethlehem,

By Elaine V. Emans By Anobel Armour Who, guided by a new and brilliant star,

Whispered of angels who had wakened

I would them.

If, by our passing through it, this new N owseeis the New Year come, and year

Is to be lovelier than it would have been, The world grown peaceful by a special She heard the chorus sing of peace, good will; grace; kindly cheer beautyHolding and more more

in her heart she wondered at this me the vision then, O Lord, to be And a of goodness, then GiveAnd, Heart, little more thing; place. of peace narrow word own in my A feet contrive to set alongShould our we

her still: of Gabriel with awe was The his to his in has do work way Each own road, for friendly keep use always andThe

a King."you is born unto "For this day feet go, his roads matter what on may No greetings, a of simple song andA host

Within ourselves for dull and restless days. And I would walk with your love shining through TELL ME, WHITE GULL

passerby that each every should unto day new we give SoAnd love only That is in my I earthboundmeet may heart,know By Mary Hess Hackney for going to brighten hope on, andA faith

Its failure hours, and, Heart, we should so That all God's children are my kith and live kin. C'TATely white gull, wings tipped with

By love that its sweet radiance will lighten Love is the way for me to do my part, gray, of love does peace begin. Tell me, as you seek your prey,Much dark misunderstanding—if this new For in the hands

Year is made lovelier by our passing through! What farflung whisper have you heard

Calling you, a coastal bird, To follow in the plowshares'wake

PRAYER ON NEW YEAR'S EVE ToTell garnerme, thatas brownI shall furrowshave nobreak?fear

By Lee Avery If that still call reach me here.

COMING OF NIGHT Grant me, oh Cod, this New Year's Eve,

Strength to begin again. By Lalia Mitchell Thornton

Give me the heart 1 ood night! Sleep well! We say it tenderly to hope, believe, CRelinquishing the pain

Of strife and striving, want and fear. When shadows lie upon the meadow

The craven mortal theme where we played

Help me to bless those I hold dear, As children we have known a happy day,

Teach me again to dream. And wearily we welcome unafraid

deepening The shadows the evening and this so year, in and new, youngAnd star: to be each dayHelp me

will rise sun is far. not again; day true The brave, best moreThe I can—more

In all humility! Good night! Sleep well! We say it prayerWhenfully,shadows touch the whiteness of a

bed. CRADLE SONG—Eva Luoma Photo The years were kind; we have walked near

By Vivian E. Wood to God

f walnut, velvety and satinsoft, OLD TESTAMENT AndA stephaveintono thefeardark,of whatsmallmaycouragelie ahead.takeso Is this old cradle handed down the By Dorothy ]. Roberts For one who visions heaven when he wakes.

years;

is atticloft. step in her Uncertain FOG BOUND coil of a meaning words WfiTH have you

fears. allay sure steady His her and arms caught me;

wife, cradle bring the they and Husband Schroder Crothers By Marian in litany. wisdom magic wound By down.

of covert the your brought words To am fog low. hangs TThe all Together shining eyes through with work

all is the breath within throat And Imy tall, tree, a Each looms, grim phantom night. shines in the The dawn When caught in of spectral Close white, robes wrapped little town,

of a supple, phrase. majesty woven By coil thickets rolling, over the While soundraises of tranquil eyes She blue: heavenly

to lays. earthliness plaited your wanes My less tide. is for son, ready bed and our "A made

solicapture you words wild With my shapes to appear, fade, distorted and Dim father's father's croft silent His from bed tudes; Is misshapen lined. coverlets smoothly are done, The

of bait similitudes. savors your hunger My folds. I In the smothering ready, for ofthusband, the And am fingers, foot of are Futile that clay my trailing drift mistveils along the Long, rite lot. of Repeated woman's Unlock

Is in your symbols sound winding meshed ground; let, let, the cradle door The rock!"and oh

play. silent, in things helpless All are hushed

You lure with shortened lengths of truth waiting.

withheld; closer, the fog creeps Malevolently, YEAR'S END citadeled battlemented, the sudden By tentacles writhing with Crushing

lifted up within Ramparts mind my earth. captive The Miles By Eunice J. sight similes twined; of your At sound and

of artistry seed bursting born a By to need. GONE IS THE LISTENER twin T'hat quiet night was remembered well, In a bosom own surging my

The last of a dying year, By words you snare me, prophets of my By Elinor Blance Vassey

A snapped twig tinkled a frosty chime, Lord,

The sky was bitterclear. My ankles, restless dashing streams to rom hill to hill the echo would rebound;

In a world of white we caught the faint ford, From me to you each syllable rang clear.

Clang of a distant bell, Are stilled in meadows green with pasture But now the words drop silent from my

Tolling goodbye to a year wellspent, where lips:

Bursting its timeworn shell. Your precepts circle with a wythe of prayer. There is no joy without a listening ear.

12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA >:>-i>*3v>3\3\5\i>5s

Some Certainties That Can Be Counted by President David O. McKay

"sfefe (Excerpts from the book, Gospel Ideals, and other sources.)

Youngnot foundman, "Ifa divinesciencepersonalsays to youbeing,thatnorit hasthe Personages,description, standingwhose brightnessabove meandin glorythe air.defyOneall

soul of man, you are not justified in conof them spake unto me, calling me by name, and cluding that these realities do not exist. There said, pointing to the other This is my Beloved

is not a single scientific specialist of repute,"says Son. Hear Him!"(P. of G. P., Joseph Smith

Dr. Hudson, "who has attempted to prove by 2:17.)

scientific method that what science cannot demonstrate is thereby disproved."The Prophet Joseph Smith, but a youth, did

not argue upon the personality of God; he did

I know, as a very forceful English writer not speculate upon that eternal source of energy has said: "There are tens of thousands of bright and intelligence from which all life gets its being;

and agreeable young people in every Christian he merely stated the truth.

country who do not even try to believe in Christ, and would regard it as positively eccentric to do The responsibility of showing to the world so. They would as soon believe in Father Christthat the gospel of Jesus Christ will solve its

mas. They have no particular foundation for their problems rests upon the men who make the

skepticism. They certainly haven't made a careclaim, who believe that the declaration made by

ful study of the documents, and most of them the Prophet Joseph is true.

would be completely floored if you asked them to name a single passage in the Gospels which To all who believe in a personal God and his can legitimately be regarded as fake. All they divine truth, life can be delightful and beautiful.

can say is, vaguely, that obviously the whole As a matter of fact, it is glorious just to be alive.

thing is impossible and they leave it at that...."Joy, even ecstasy, can be experienced in the consciousness of existence. There is supreme satisBut hear these unwavering testimonies—this faction in sensing one's individual entity and in

from one outside in the words of Charles A. realizing that that entity is part of God's great

Dinsmore: "God and the unseen world are not creative plan. There are none so poor, none so

merely objects of surmise. We know them in rich, sick, or maimed who may not be conscious

experience.... It is the eye of faith that sees of this relationship.

the broad horizons, the color and the gleam.

Religion standing on the known experience of Thus anchored in the faith, our young people the race makes this one bold and glorious affirmahave the foundation of spirituality, and the teachtion. She asserts that this Power that makes for ings of materialistic philosophy cannot dislodge

truth, for beauty, for goodness is not less personal them. <t % *1* kjf -J-

than we. This leap of faith is justified, because

God cannot be less than the greatest of his works: Though we are living in perilous times, you

the cause must be adequate to the effect. When and I can rejoice because the gospel is among

therefore we call God personal, we have intermen. The Church is established in this free

preted him by the loftiest symbol we have. He country, nevermore to be thrown down or given

may be infinitely more, he cannot be less.... As to another people. Nations may rise, and nations

Herbert Spencer has so well said: 'The choice is may destroy each other in strife, but this gospel is

not between a personal God and something lower, here to stay, and we must preach it and proclaim but between a personal God and something it, that peace may come, for it is only through higher.'"obedience to the gospel of Jesus Christ that peace

And here is the direct testimony of Joseph will come permanently upon the earth.

Smith about the reality of God as a personal being: "Let not your heart be troubled: ye believe in

"When the light rested upon me I saw. two God, believe also in me."(John 14:1.)

JLi4/l'l/ (Jf *3 JCfi JANUARY 1955 13

What Can

On the

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

Question "I am a Mia Maid teacher and the mother of two small children so this is a question of dual importance to me. The question is, what can we

do on the Sabbath? The opinion of the class as to keeping the Sabbath day holy seems to be quite negative. To

the teenagers, reading or visiting all day constitutes nothing but boredom. We often hear that the Sabbath

was made for man, not man for the Sabbath, so it is not hard to see where the idea that what is rest for the individual is keeping the Sabbath day holy. In other

words, one who does manual labor all week deserves physical rest on Sunday; one who works in mental labor

should be able to get out and stretch his bones on Sunday. Is this true? Is it wrong to take rides on Sunday?

What of the watching of TV on Sunday? What are

some of the things we can do on Sunday? These are

questions of my fifteenyear-old Mia Maids."

difficult to keep. The Lord has never given a commandment to the members of the Church, or to the world,

except it has been given for the everlasting welfare and blessing for all who obey it. Every commandment givenWe Do has to do with spiritual things. The Lord declared

that never at any time has he given unto man a law which is temporal in its nature. Although we fail toSabbath? see it, every commandment has a spiritual application.

This is definitely so in relation to the observance of the

Sabbath day.

The observance of the Sabbath day is one It is very natural for children to ask why they should of the great commandments of the Decaobey the law of the Sabbath as the Lord has proclaimed logue. It is well to repeat it here as it was given to anit. They are indeed worthy of an answer. This I shall

cient Israel; also as it has been given to modern Israel endeavor to supply.

in our own dispensation. If we had sufficient faith and humility, we would be

"Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy. willing to follow the commandments of the Lord, not

"Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work: only in relation to the Sabbath, but also every other

"But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy commandment he has given. Even the young children

God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy should have this faith impressed upon them, and by

son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant,, nor thy maidskilful teaching in the home it will be developed. The

servant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within Lord has given us six days of each week in which we thy gates: can work and earn our living and in these six days most

"For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the of us, and especially children, can and do find time for sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: some amusement and relaxation. The demands upon

wherefore the Lord blessed the sabbath day, and hallowthe time of working men and likewise professional men, ed it."(Exodus 20:8-11.) seldom, if ever, require all of the time during these six

This commandment is quite definite and in this dispendays without any hours for relaxation and amusement.

sation the Lord gave further instruction as follows: School children have one day free out of the six, and

"Thou shalt thank the Lord thy God in all things. each school day leaves some period for relaxation. The

"Thou shalt offer a sacrifice unto the Lord thy God athletics, playing of games, and other amusements that in righteousness, even that of a broken heart and a they engage in indicate that the entire time of the six contrite spirit. days is seldom occupied without some hours free. Most

"And that thou mayest more fully keep thyself unbusinessmen and professional men can find time for golf spotted from the world, thou shalt go to the house of or fishing and hunting; and they do not need the Sunprayer and offer up thy sacraments upon my holy day; day to "stretch their bones,"in sports and other enter-

"For verily this is a day appointed unto you to rest tainment. Some working men today work only five

from your labors, and to pay thy devotions unto the days a week, yet they have formed the habit of taking

Most High; the Sabbath for additional time for leisure and amuse-

"Nevertheless thy vows shall be offered up in rightment. There are very few exceptions where no free time

eousness on all days and at all times; can be found. Most of us, if we would consider care-

"But remember that on this, the Lord's day, thou shalt fully the time that we have free, will discover that there offer thine oblations and thy sacraments unto the Most are free moments when we could improve our minds by

High, confessing thy sins unto thy brethren, and before study and the reading of good books.

the Lord. These six days give ample time for men to care for

"And on this day thou shalt do none other thing, only the temporal needs of their bodies, to clothe and feed let thy food be prepared with singleness of heart that themselves and their dependents, and the Lord has asked thy fasting may be perfect, or, in other words, that thy us to take the seventh, or Sabbath, to feed the spirit.

joy may be full. The great majority of men and children today are not

"Verily, this is fasting and prayer, or in other words, content to take only the six days for the purposes of the rejoicing and prayer."(D. & C. 59:7-14.) physical needs of the body and are starving their spirits.

There is much more said in relation to this subject, but If we go without food, we get hungry; if we go without

this will suffice for our purpose. Here the Lord speaks sleep, we get weary and ill; but we seldom think that

emphatically, but kindly. There must be great blessings the starving of the spirit is anything that should worry

awaiting those who have faith and integrity enough to us. When we do this, we feel no pain, no misery, unless

obey this counsel. The faithful members of the Church it is that our conscience troubles us. If we persist in thewho keep the first great commandment—to love God violation of the Sabbath day, the time comes when our

never find any commandment from him unfruitful or conscience becomes seared, and we fail to heed its warnings or its call for spiritual food. Surely it is not unreasonable for us to be commanded to obey the Sabbath

when the Lord has given us sixsevenths of our time for

EDITOR'S NOTE all temporal purposes.

Response to Your Question is so large that it is possible to Children need to feed the spirit as well as adults do, questions of the percentage a small pages but answer on these surely the or the and man obeys woman the will who to write, include your be sure submitted. you name When

feels the better Lord and has more claim the upon it letter of to advisable answer in case your seems and address personally. blessings of the Lord than does the rebellious brother

(Continued on page 38) JANUARY 1955 15 Beloved Friends: As we see

My andeven talksometimesto otheras wepeoplelook (andinto it is apparent hearts),our own We Are Not of lonelinessthere in life—that is much

not only the loneliness that comes

Alone in Lifefrompeople—butlack ofalsocompanionshipthe loneliness withthat

comes with lack of purpose, with lack of understanding of the reasons by Richard L. Evans

why we live. OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

No doubt, some loneliness comes because we are always inseparably exourselves. thoughts, some Some image, his in created own So man God at I sat ago, evenings few Some

intuitions, him;periences, created some some he the image in of God distinguished, side of a the of dinner by

that he.had.. thing every saw God And us withinthe we have awareness we told industrialist, successful me who it good. very was behold, and, made, else. fully share anyone withcannot sentences in simply a few and how 1:1, 2627, 31.) (Genesis

alone. into the world comeWe his of faced problems the heavy We he is it a good world; It was a good it are and alone.leave always We life, of the decisions each met and foolishness and the selves.eternally separate our own world—despite day: is beIt good perversities of men. is simply loneliness than But more

solitude. (A person can be very "When I get up in the morning,"cause of its beauties and bounties,

lonely in a crowded, busy place.) he said, "I often feel that I can't and because of the glorious purpose

And there is a kind of loneliness that face it, but as I get down on my and limitless possibilities that a lovcomes from a sense of not belonging, knees and say simply 'God help me ing Father has given his children—

of not fitting in, of not knowing our to do what I have to do this day,'a Father whom the scriptures testify

I feel that strength comes, and I am as even is and approachable, personal not inpart the knowing picture—of as equal to I think of him it. And to the in his Epistle proclaimed Paul are, or are,what we or who we

simto as Father, him and talk my Christ was the that Jesus Hebrews or from, where wewhere we came to as I to talk ply used and directly Father's of his image"in "the express or here, areare going, we or why father here."he was when my 1:3.) person. (Hebrews is all life basically about.what

I then "Sometimes added: he And that records men Scripture many

life swiftof pass years mortal The I I do. shouldn't things But do know Moses them seen among God, have for except some soon.ly and And I lie I to don't do, about God when of elders seventy the Aaron and and there certaintiesglorious, eternal I I it's use. motives. no know my as Israel (Exodus 24:9-11)—even of feeling universal a be wellcould heart, knows he know my my that in Revelation recorded John for things longfrustration. labor We I I done, thoughts. have what know

.. shall serve his him: servants that life for things sustainthat and I done. he have what and knows And 22:3-4.) face. shall (Rev. his see they And. littleafford passing a pleasure—but I try to myself."or deceive don't him

there is nothing of these tangibles I was mellowed and humbled by And Stephen the Martyr, that we can take with us. These the direct and simple spirit of this... being full of the Holy Ghost, looked

stedfastly are into heaven, and ours sawthings our up own we call I sat other only friend the with whom of right.God... hand standing on the Jesus fields farmer's time.for short a The of evening. not was my faith, He 7:55.) (Acts

to someone long belongednot ago belief, earnest he but in own my else, and soon again will belong to could not have talked to God with And Jesus frequently addressed his someone else. The stocks, the bonds, so much satisfaction or assurance if Father. In Gethsemane:

the buildings, the houses we have, he had thought of him merely as a O my Father, if it be possible, let this whatever we have title to, we all shall force, or as an ineffable essence, the cup pass from me. (Matt. 26:39.)

our in a little yetleave of while—and and purpose which he knew Calvary: On

all of will mockery agoing make least nothing; at that naturenothing—or forgive Father, them; for they know not

titles tenancy. earthly ofthe our feelto assured the Would bring him 23:34.) they do. (Luke what

us, after with can take all we About ing that he was in fact talking to his And earlier with the Twelve:

all, character and are the knowledge Father.

lifted Jesus, spake words and up These intelligence the acquired, havewe It is life in urgently important said, Father, to his the to heaven, eyes and or improved developed havewe of to a nearer the. upon, draw knowledge.. is come. hour

the service we have given, the lessons nature of God, and of our relationship And now, O Father, glorify thou me...

we have learned, and the blessed asto him and to one another. And with the glory which I had with thee before

the was. world that havesurance may we to better place begin with life what

.. Father, thine keep through. Holy own ones, and always lovedand forever—our of the the first book hast those given thou Bible—whatthan me, name whom kindly a wise usas assured and by

.. better to to literal place turn than are.. as be one, that they we may

all are. children whoseFather we is life eternal, this that they might [And scriptural language:

is * true the thee only he God, Jesus him, and and what knowAnd knowing to us, (and what we are to one anIn the beginning God created the heaven Christ, whom thou hast sent.] (John 17:1,

... 5, 11, 3.)other), what his purpose is in sendand the earth.

is much more of scriptureing us here from his presence, is one image,And Godafter said,our likeness:Let us make... man in our There

of the surest safeguards against lonethat affirms the oneness of purpose liness and feelings of frustration. Air"* AddressSunday,deliveredOctoberon3, the1954.CBS Radio "Church of the of the Father and of his Beloved Son

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Camera Clix Photo from a painting by Carl Block.

His voice is not unto the ancients only, but even unto our own day there is witness of his personal presence."

—and that also affirms their sepasweetness of association of family and obligations are heavy, whose best

rateness of person as a literal, physical friends in the peace and protection efforts somehow seem to fall short fact. And as Jesus approached him, of his presence—if we will. He has of success; you who have been falsely

so also may we approach the Father, assured us that "men are, that they dealt with; you who have met rein all our needs. In every problem, might have joy,"(Book of Mormon, verses and disappointments, you who

in sorrow and success, in all the 2 Nephi 2:25) and has declared it have lost heart: There is a kind and

things we struggle with from day to to be his purpose "to bring to pass just and merciful Father in heaven day, we can reach out to him with the immortality and eternal life of to whom you can turn, and who will the assurance that he is there. He man."(Pearl of Great Price, Moses see that you lose nothing that should

lives. He speaks. His voice is not 1:39.) have been yours. He can bring

unto the ancients only, but even Knowing our feelings for our own peace to your hearts and restore faith unto our own day there is witness of loved ones, for our own children, we and purpose. You are not alone.

his personal presence. He is a God can take confidence in the mercy and And you who are tried and

of continuous revelation, of continulove and understanding and in the tempted, by appetites, by evil in its ous mindfulness for all of us, and he helpfulness of our Father in heaven, subtle shapes; you who have been

does not shut himself in the heavens who will not leave the humblest child careless in your conduct, who have if we will let him come into our or the most lonely among us, alone lived the kind of lives that fall short lives. in life. of what you know you should have

sent us here, has from where are conare contending with He You who who are lived—and sick—you

birth, before with were arewe him pain, are contorn inside yourwith science and for wracked you who a brief period of mortal experience, fined with physical selves: You also are not alone in infirmity—you

with our free agency, our right of are not alone in life. There is faith; life, for the Lord God who gave you

choice, with principles and commandthere is hope; there is mercy; there life has also given the glorious prinments, and with his Spirit to light is help from him: ciple of repentance, which, upon sinus through life, and has assured us cere turning away from false ways,

that... heeverlasting life with the glorious keepeth thee will not can restore again the blessed peace

121:3.) (Psalm slumber.

promise of limitless and eternal that comes with quiet conscience.

progress and possibilities, with all the You who are discouraged, whose {Continued on page 45)

JANUARY 1955 17

VALUE

BEYOND PRICE

by Dr. Sterling B. Talinage

Thethatfourththe Latterdayof the standardSaints regardworks as scripture is the little volume known as the Pearl of Great Price.

It takes its name from Christ's parable recorded in Matthew where we read:

Again, the kingdom of heaven is like unto a merchant man, seeking goodly pearls Who, when he had found one pearl of great price, went and sold all that he had,—Photo by Camera Clix \rom a painting by Carl Block

it. (13:4546.) and bought

Like the "living water"at the well in Samaria, is our scripture—both ancient and modern.

In a recent conversation, a missionsaid, "I Mexico returned from ary of value later, unique the is discussed value term criterion. The market

is extra the in there something think Price of Great Pearl of the part the value including money larger one, the of that 46th reading Bible Spanish lies of Abraham the as book known money values beyond greater also and preit 'una the verse; wording used the as character in its.unmatched most the price. Perhaps beyond and rather value expressing perla,'ciosa to man. scripture earliest known deearly the influence on valuable

than price."velopment of a child is mother love, According to the Ussher biblical

Here is an interesting variation in but nobody can possibly put a price chronology, Abraham lived some meaning. But it is not altogether on it. four hundred years before Moses; if

new; a check against an old (1897) So the challenge faces us: Have so, we have in the book of Abraham

interlinear Greek testament shows we. in this little book that we have a scriptural record some four centhe original word here to be polyaccepted as scripture, any precious turies older than any of the writings

timon which is given in literal transtruths that furnish us with religious in the Bible. This gives the book of

lation as "very precious"; this might values not to be expressed or counted Abraham an inestimable value as a

as well mean "highly prized"as in terms of cost or price? completely unique source book of

"highly priced."And the answer is: Yes—several religious truths known among men,

English is rich in synonyms. We yeses. In our Pearl of Great Price hundreds of years earlier than from

use the terms price, value, cost, worth, we find several clear statements of any other record accepted as scripand others—are they interchangeable? truths not generally accepted as ture.

Or are there different shades of Christian doctrines at the time of its The values in the book of Abrameaning involved which may be publication. Some of these truths ham, however, are modern as well as

significant? serve to correct certain medieval erancient. The publication of the book

For many ordinary uses, these rors in belief that had hung over of Abraham in English translation, terms may be considered as synointo the nineteenth century and about a hundred years ago, presented nyms; but where more precise desigformed a real obstacle to clear resome of these most ancient truths as

nation is desired, the term price (as ligious thinking, particularly regardrevelation just come to light in modalso cost and costly) is used with ing some of the great truths of naern times and furnished a basis for specific reference to sales value, to a ture. the nineteenthcentury correction of

cash consideration for transfer, to a Apart from the values in its content, errors that had crept into Christianity 18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA during the Middle Ages and stuck A further and greater value of the Abraham 5:13 fixes the time of this

there. The throwing of this ancient book of Abraham is found in the fact spiritual creation, of which the final

light on relatively modern errors was that the scriptural account of creafeature was the placing of the preof inestimable value in eliminating tion is definitely set as an operation mortal Adam in Eden, as "... after

wrong ideas and replacing them with of planning and organization in the the Lord's time, which was after the older truths. realm of spirits, before the world time of Kolob, for as yet the Gods

As an example, let us consider first was. The plan was made, the orhad not appointed unto Adam his

one passage which, while not the most ganization was established, the laws reckoning."This provides for asimportant one in this field, is the of nature were founded—all before large a slice of eternity—"the Lord's

most clearly illustrative of the major the first rain fell upon the earth time"—as the Lord cared to use prior

principle involved here. It has to do (Abraham 5:5; compare Moses 3:5 to the mortal advent of Adam, with

with the method of creation, regardand Genesis 2:5)—and then matters which the personal history of the

ing which the Bible seems altogether were allowed to work themselves out chosen people begins. Here is a valsilent. In Abraham we read as a part according to those laws. Abraham uable concept, that earth time reaches

of the record of the divine planning: says: "And the Gods watched those back an unspecified distance into

things which they had ordered until eternity, and that human time is simAnd there stood one among them that they obeyed."(4:18.) ply the latest chapter in terrestrial hislike said those unto unto he God, andwas tory. Hutton, eminent James an are still watching; obedience They for will were with him: go down,who We Scottish geologist of the eighteenth there, of is especially there will is space complete, take not yet and we among

these materials, and we will make an earth the souls of men. century, has been quoted as saying:

whereon these may dwell. (3:24.) "In the great panorama of nature we

One of the most valuable features can discern no trace of a beginning

When the book of Abraham was of the Pearl of Great Price is the and no prospect of an end"; which

published a little more than a cenpresentation of both the book of is simply a scientist's cautious way of tury ago, the commonly accepted Abraham and the book of Moses, in expressing the great fundamental idea throughout Christendom was which the parallel passages pertaintruth: The works of God are eternal.

that the world was created out of ing to the creation show such signifivaluable conthe than more Even similarities differences, cant not and existinto broughtnothing—simply of eternal cept the of nature matter to only regard other with each but fiat else.ence divine nothing by and

clear the statement of eternal the also as to related in the record the is of reading the sermons and of someA of truth. nature gospel genThe first of chapters Genesis. two Any ofhomilies suggests that that day

erally accepted idea, based on New critic literary three these comparing preachers outthe thatsome thought sources, Testament has been that the will recognize that documents they of featureofnothing creation was gospel of Christ superseded the Law built their are the pattern; on same least at ormore important, more

first of Moses, and was introduced is essential structural unity obvious,marvelous, fact of creation the than

Christ's during ministry. Although and their differences are those of deitself. idea that creation The was Testament the Old contains a few tail. of processan orderly organization hints of the possession of truths

had no place in medieval theology. higher than the law during pregreat lies of this value ideaThe

times, in Christian for it remained the factthe that the it opens to the way Price Pearl of Great first to give the acceptance of all the truths developed clear and positive statement that the in physics chemistry and based on the gospel dates clear back to Adam'snatural of the indestructibility law of 5:6-12 time. Moses records, in andmatter. tells revelation us Modern 6:5068 Moses explains, Enoch that

the same thing, in the statement: the gospel of repentance, including

elements"The are eternal;..."the doctrines of baptism and redemp-

C. 93:33.)(D. & tion and the quickening power

The Practical Standard Dictionary, Holy Ghost, were taught and ofmadethe published in 1928, gives as the first clear to Adam, and that Adam and definition of create: "To cause to some of his more godly descendants

come into existence; especially, to were

produce out of nothing."The College Standard Dictionary, dated preachers of righteousness, and spake

1950, says: "To cause to come into and prophesied, and called upon all men,

existence,"but does not mention "out everywhere, to repent; and faith was taught

unto the children of men. (Ibid., 6:23.)

of nothing."Each edition gives the

same second definition: "To produce The Pearl of Great Price is the only

as a new construction out of existing The book of Abraham, the oldest scripture which states clearly that all materials,"and each gives as one and probably the original of all three, of the first principles of the gospel definition of creation: "The comgives an account of the creation as were known to the ancient prophets.

bining or organizing of existing mait was formulated and organized in Neither the term baptism nor the terials into new form."Certainly the spirit world. It tells of the esname Holy Ghost seems to be used in

this sense is justified by the passage tablishment of the divine plan, in six the Old Testament.

quoted from Abraham: "... we will stages of planning. It includes the A further valuable addition to the

take of these materials, and we will concept of the creation as organizaconcepts of the eternal nature of matmake an earth...."(3:24.) tion, mentioned above, and also in (Continued on page 41)

JANUARY 1955 19 k*V*%W

He was graduated from the University of California at

Los Angeles with highest honors in 1934; he then attended

the University of California at Berkeley on a fellowship, earning his Ph.D. in ancient history. Following his

graduation, Dr. Nibley taughthistory and languages at

Claremont Colleges in California. In 1942 he joined the

armys serving in Great Britain and Germany. After his

service, he became professor of history and religion at

Brigham Young University in 1946, where he has since remained.

Dr. Nibley is not content to teach in an ordinary way.

He interests himself in the research on subjects that prove valuable to the general reading public.

His studies have led him into areas as "Lehi in the

Desert,""The World of the jaredites,"but always behind these unusual studies has lain his dominant interest in the early Church. His sabbatical leave of 1953 was

spent entirely at Harvard and at Berkeley, filling in the gaps for the present study, "The Way of the Church."

The events and discoveries of the years since World

War II have given rise to an unprecedented amount of speculation on the nature of the Christian Church. New

finds have required the readjustment of all the longestablished and prevailing ideas on the subject. Of key

significance in contemporary discussion is the problem of the expectations of the early Christian regarding his church: Was it to remain firm and steadfast on the earth,

to convert Bablyon and spread steadily and irresistibly to

Dr. Hugh Nibley days?the end Wasof time?the finalWasjudgmentChrist to expectedcome in momentarily?glory in a few

All these and other questions are treated in this new series by Dr. Hugh Nibley. The author takes the texts

in their chronological order and considers what each has to say about the future of the Church and the world.

All the major periods into which the texts fall are today

F|r. Hugh Nibley, whose current series of articles "The being reconsidered. The discovery of the Scrolls in PalesWay of the Church"begins in this issue of The Imtine and new discoveries in Egypt are playing significant

provement Era, has built himself an enviable position as parts in the complete revaluation of the genuine and the an historian. His training has pointed him toward this spurious elements in teachings which anciently went under

work, for from the early age of seventeen he went to the the Christian label. The purpose of this series is to anSwiss-German Mission, ending his activities by going to swer questions in the words of the ancients themselves, in

Athens, to consolidate his studies in Greek and Angloorder that the reading may take its own bearings in the

Saxon which he had begun when he was very young. radically shifting scene of Church history.

Controlling the Past (a consideration of methods)

by Hugh Nibley, Ph.D.

1. THE QUESTION dation of God on earth, destined "to Christian church. The solution is not

remain firm and steadfast until the far to seek: By the simple, almost

Granted that Jesus founded a end of the world"? That is one of mechanical, process of extracting from

church, was that church expected the most important questions that the literature of the ancient church by its founder and members to confront students of church history those passages dealing specifically remain upon the earth for a limited today. with the church's future, or what the

time only, to be removed and restored Every day it becomes more apparsaints thought would be its future, at a later date, or was the "apostolic ent that on its solution depends the placing these passages in chronochurch"the ultimate and final founwhole nature and history of the logical order, and reading them over,

.<k%W**WV%*WV**%*%%W*W*VW "THE WAY OF THE CHURCH"KVVVV*%%VVV*V*VVVVVft%*%*****V**VVVVV

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vvvvvvvvvvvv**v*vv*vvv**\vv*%vvvvvv*vvvv%*%*%*

anyone who has the requisite time questions as to whether the light was pure objectivity in the history of and patience may discover the anto overcome the darkness or the other thought, which in fact would be renswer. That is what the present study way around—for merely to ask such dered sterile by such."'In 1699

intends to do. a question is to remind oneself of Gottfried Arnold published his ImIt has not been done heretofore John's terribly emphatic answer, that partial History of the Church and

because when churchmen have found the "Unquenchable Light"was by Heresy, to show that the true church themselves confronted by the above no means to remain among men. through age has been that of the

question, with its alarming implica- "The task of church history,"writes persecuted mystics and heretics tion that all the churches of Christenthe author of the latest large church whether his theory is right or not, dom might conceivably be astray, history to appear, "is to give a clear, it cannot by any effort of the imagithey have dismissed the awful thought comprehensive, scientifically estabnation be called impartial.

with a shudder. What! cries Tertullished overall picture of the evolution Recently Professor Pfeiffer has viglian, can all those martyrs have shed of the visible institution of salvation orously deplored any sidetaking at

3 all in the study of religion; he thinks their blood for nothing? 1—carefully founded by Christ."

evading the declaration of the marThis is very much as if he were to one can maintain perfect scientific tyrs themselves, that the only reward say, "Our business is to describe the detachment by "keeping facts and they ever think of is a crown in heavtriumph of the church,"as if that faith, history and revelation, historien, where they have been repaid a triumph were inevitable. Like the cal research and theological speculathousandfold for their brief sufferings classic question, "Have you stopped tion separate and distinct."5 But is

here below. Conventional church beating your motherin-law?"it not this appeal for a double bookhistory is resolved never to raise the cleverly avoids a very important keeping that shall "distinguish sharpquestion of whether the church of question by asking a less important ly between true facts and true docChrist actually survived, as the best one resting on the assumption that trines"simply a device for placing

way to avoid a disastrous answer. the other has been answered. The one's own particular beliefs beyond

Thus at the present time leading assignment of describing the evoluthe reach of objective investigation?

church historians would forestall any tion of the institution established by Is it fair of the doctors to denounce embarrassing questions touching the Christ assumes ( 1 ) that there was with moral indignation those who main issue by devising ingenious titles such an institution, (2) that it rehave not yet given up those partisan for their studies: "The Infant mained on the earth, and (3) that it strivings in which they themselves

Church"(L'Eglise Naissante—Batifunderwent an observable process of engaged for generations, and only

fol), "A World Being Born"(Un evolution. All this is taken for gave up with reluctance when years

Monde qui Nait—DanielRops), The granted, yet until very recently the of determined seeking led to unforeUnquenchable Light (Latourette), bulk of scholars have regarded the seen and embarrassing conclusions?

etc., titles as "loaded"as Neander's first proposition as unproven, and It is altogether too convenient when

Planting and Training of the Christhey have only just begun to think one's own methods of soapmaking tian Church. about the second. The third point have failed, to declare to the world

They are "loaded"because they is, thanks to the systematic avoidance that soap simply cannot be made and suggest and permit research only of the second, never questioned. heap contempt on those who are still

along one carefully channeled course. trying and abuse on those who have

The mere title "Infant Church"as 2. The Nature of the Evidence succeeeded.

used by these authors fixes unalterWhen the professor finds that his ably the whole course of church hisThe study of church history has facts do not square with his doctory in advance: If the early church in the past been of interest to but trines, then, but not until then, he

was by very definition an infant a few, and their interest has been announces to the world as a general church or a world being born, we can a strenuously partisan one. Who moral principle that no one should

tell no other story than one of growth writes church histories? Churchmen. ever try to compare facts with docand advancement regardless of what Who reads them? Divinity students. trines. That lets him out. But the

It would be hard to find another escape is altogether so convenient; happened—calamitous failures are

merely setbacks; success in any dibranch of science or the humanities the cause of cool and scientific derection is growth; the story can have in which so few scholars ever engage tachment is defended with such suronly one outcome; within a thematic in the study of the thing for its own prising heat and censure; and the

framework we can ask all the quessake. Even the rare researcher of announcement of these so liberal and

tions we want to, but the main quesdisinterested motives must end up so obvious principles has come so tion of whether the church really was taking sides, for the nature of the suddenly and so late (for until now an infant church and not something thing requires it. church scholars have all admitted to

totally different, must never be raised. "Only one who is personally con- a degree of partisan interest) that

And what other tale can one tell of vinced of the truth of the gospel,"one is forced to the conclusion that an "Unquenchable Light,"again an writes Heinrich Bornkamm, "can all this pleading to keep religion out expression of those authors, save that fully grasp its historical manifestaof religious studies is possibly just it never goes out? 2 That wonderful tions and what is lasting or changing an extreme form of partisan pleading,

title has forestalled any embarrassing in them. There is no such thing as (Continued on following page)

)*%\%+\+%+\\%\\%\%*\%**%\\\\\%%\%%\\\%%%%%+%%+\\\%%\%\\\+\\%\%%%+%ii*%%\%%%

JANUARY 1955 21 CONTROLLING THE PAST

(Continued from preceding page) the old church history. All the tenevery age to control the past. This

charge, criminal is serious, but not a conflicts all the sions removed, were belated the save attempt toan face by 10 it is see,..."presently as for over. work, This we shall smoothed rules not thedeclaration that do

to for anyone impossible virtually for rightfully its author won religious and whichhold any more—that in without records handle ancient of Hisof "Father the title Church nothfactshistorical have absolutely

ing to do with each other. Since the tory,"laid down the line which some way having to control them;

rules no longer favor us, we will church historians have followed ever and so, as the records have been abolish them! since, namely the implicit and unhanded on from one generation to

exercised there next, has been times of the the at all defense questioning is scientific thus credo modern The allpervasive, cumulative, over them a proposition the basic Christian that ulteto the rule that exception anno control. is thorough the and actually church- "aposof today

rior motive has marked the writing tolic of the beginning, no church"beof history from the very church 3. Handpicked Evidence matter and wonderhow strangely to en- "Itginning. is dangerous

all altered. proposition To this writfully later after anyone with,quire truth who writes among To begin

is dedihistory conventional church the inescapable history has Baronius,ers,"great the wrote "who church are often found to write that which cated; it is the axiom which may never and dangerous obligation of deciding

be questioned and which predeterfalse rumors, vain imaginings, private somehow just what evidence shall mines the direction of all research, affection and sometimes Flattery sugbe made available to his readers and into of Procrustes the which bed cannot he obviously, great not; shall to the to theirgested Minds, all what

to the fit, cost evidence must be made 7 all. it of Historical who But Truth."prejudice include Now anyone it may. what to it withhold himself earlier writers? takes the "The about uponwhat

age was one of rhetoric,"writes HarBefore we address ourselves to our evidence is actually determining what nack of the period from the fourth proper task, which is (I) to set forth the reader's idea of church history century on, "which did not draw in order the early reference to the is going to be—he is controlling the

back at artifice and unveracity of future of the church, and (2) to past. And when the evidence held

every kind.... Forgery was the show what modern scholars have to back is a thousand times more exorder of the day.... Already in say on the subject, it is necessary to tensive than what is brought before

the fourth century a spirit of lying get some idea of the nature of the the jury, it is plain that the historian prevailed mightily in the official docdocuments with which we have to is free to build up any kind of case uments... and in the fifth and deal, and of the extent to which he desires.

sixth centuries it ruled the Church."church historians have controlled Is there no alternative to this

At that time "no one any longer those documents, actually inventing commission of all but absolute power put any faith in any written record the past which they claim, and often to a few notoriously partial authorior official document or report."sincerely, to be only discovering. ties? There is none. The only comAfter giving various examples of The reader should be warned that pletely fair presentation of church

the use of falisfication by the most the thesis of the present study runs history would be a full display of all illustrious fathers as a partisan weapcounter to the massive consensus of known evidence laid out before the church the in chronological history for over a thousand public the controversial on, and describing order—all years. letters, serhistories, stuff: written of lies and literature as "a morass

rascality,"Harnack concludes that Long ago Socrates showed what a mons, tomes of philosophy, all the "one cannot escape the fear that hollow thing consensus is. More reartifacts, ruins, and inscriptions, all

presentday historians are still altocently, in 1932, Olaf Linton pubthe traditions, rituals, liturgies, and gether too trusting in their attitude lished his now famous study of what legends would have to be there, towards this whole literature.... he calls "the Consensus"of church without any attempt on the part of

We stand almost everywhere more history in the nineteenth century. the custodian to interpret or control.

or less helpless in the face of a Therein he shows how the scholars But such a corpus would be all but systematically fabricated tradition."8 when they think they are being most useless, an impenetrable jungle of

Recently Walther Volker has shown sound, most objective, and most scienstuff beyond the capacity of any that the great church history of Eusetific in their construction of church reader. To be made available even

bius was actually a "tendentious"history, are actually doing little more to specialists it would have to be writing designed to prove a particular than faithfully reflecting their own classified, broken up into departments point. 9 The events culminating in the background and conditioning. As that could be handled by one man

riotous councils of the fourth century they are liberal, democratic, congreand, as far as the general public is led thinking men of the time to doubt gational, individualist, so must the concerned, each of these would have whether the church was still on "primitive church"be; if they like to be further reduced by sampling

it; if If to inwere it, or they eschewed so one condensing. did his ritual, It to silence or not: was earth

onetenth Christians. 11 But in a source early but book the clude so did that Eusethis head doubts on own

bius undertook the researches that what the general public dreams not of one percent of the writings in the resulted in the ecclesiastical history. of, and even the experts underestiold Patroiogiae alone—and they are

"By the simple process of excerpting mate is that the invention of history far from exhaustive, even in their... only what agreed with his fundahas been a major industry for many area-—the reader would be confrontmental thesis,"Eusebius, according centuries, one of the primary coned by five hundred solid pages of

to Volker, "altered the appearance of cerns of scholars having been in (Continued on page 44) 22 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA mimm. *mm?mmmmm: MM known"recleaned"in thewheat,millingand comesindustryreadyas

for grinding or cooking. The cost

was a little over five dollars each hundredweight. Since that time our WHEAT family has rediscovered how delicious

has produced grinder, and this hand and other foods wheat can be. We obtained a small coarsely of products from a variety

cracked wheat to fine ground whole wheat flour. Freshly ground wheat

flavor not nutlike a wholesome, has FOR MAN commodities. in commercial found

by Jerry W. Hill Wheat ground at home and cooked

at once provides for man the nourishing food recommended by our Father in heaven.

At our home we believe that one of the finest recipes for cooking wheat requires no grinding. Wash a

double handful of wheat and soak overnight in water. Cook very slowly, trying not to boil, for about three

all generations of time program. A wooden building twelve or four hours. When tender, theThrough

since the days of Adam, the by fifteen feet and well off the ground kernels will be about half as large

Church of Jesus Christ has been was filled to a depth of about nine as a small bean. Serve at breakfast

guided by direct revelation through feet with the loose grain. Last winter like any hot cereal. Cook enough

prophets. Whenever the people have tests were taken to determine the confor several meals and keep the unheeded these divine teachings, they dition of this tenyear-old wheat. used portion in a covered refrigerator

have prospered. But when the wisThe moisture content was thirteen dish. For variety, serve this cooked

dom of men has been esteemed above percent, which is normal, and the wheat hot at dinner with roast beef the counsel of God, the people have protein content was fourteen percent, gravy over it like potatoes.

dwindled in unbelief. which is excellent. The kernels were Our homeground, whole wheat

The Church welfare program, esnot withered but were comparable flour is slightly coarser than the flour tablished upon gospel principles, with new grain in every respect. No from the commercial mills. When

counsels, among other things, that evidence of weevil damage was found. set with yeast in a sponge, it rises

light in into loaf a bakes well and storage, should, by families individual I purchased ago months few A color. in quite dark texture By but their their beyond needs for provide red of hard, pounds four hundred seems prejudice the which controlling admoniThis requirements.normal future and for immediate the bread, against dark you to prevail a wheat to foreshadow appear tion would

is is It family. what of page 47) {Concluded on use my Church want. of and famine season

members were then, and are now, advised to gather and maintain at least one year's supply of food and clothing in reserve, beyond current needs. (Of course once this is done,

the family must continually add new supplies to their reserve, while using the oldest supplies first.)

The Lord has said, "wheat for man."In 1833 he gave a revelation

through Joseph Smith, a part of which declared in substance, that all grains are good for man, but wheat is especially wellsuited to his needs.

Then let us store wheat as a beginning. Wheat is nutritious; wheat is

inexpensive; wheat is a highly concentrated food; and yet it is wellfortified with vitamins and minerals

essential to human wellbeing. Wheat

will keep for long periods of time and retain its full nutritive value.

Ten years ago the ward in which

I lived stored thirtytwo tons of wheat in compliance with the welfare Combine harvesting grain on the Yonk farm ten miles west of Logan, Utah.

JANUARY 1955 23 That was her son making those brilliant plays. In the last moments of the

game she rose and shouted, "Come on, Hoppy! Touchdown!"

Clare Hopkins reached the stadium just as the game ended.

She stood by the bleachers near the gate, sorry she had missed seeing her son's first big football game.

She tried to pick Hoppy out of the crowd of players and students by Mary Ek Knowles that swarmed onto the field, but the players all looked alike in their football gear. And then one of the tall, Clare saw the way Hoppy looked and Hoppy was the whole team. I

topheavy figures in red and black down at the girl and knew he was mean he really was. He was simply

took off his helmet, and Clare saw in love with her. So what. He's alterrific! He made all three touchthe red hair. There he wast She most seventeen. It's nothing to wordowns. Isn't he marvelous? Aren't

saw the darkhaired girl in the scarlet ry about, that first girl. you just thrilled to have a son like

coat holding to Hoppy's arm, and her Then Clare saw the possessive way him!"She looked up at Hoppy and

heart gave a surprised lurch. Hoppy the girl was clinging to his arm and sighed.

grown up enough to have a girl really wasn't so sure. "Cut it, Audrey!"Hoppy's large

interested in him! Hoppy said, "Mom, this is Audrey ears reddened, but Clare could tell

They were almost even with her Traintor."he was flattered. She tried to shake

now. Clare cupped her hands to her There was something unpleasantly off her feeling of dislike for the girl.

mouth and yelled, "Hi, Hoppy!"familiar about that name, but Clare All teenagers exaggerated that way.

Hoppy turned, "Hello, Mom."He couldn't remember what. But that feeling of just too much perflashed her a quick, boyish grin, and "I'm so thrilled to meet you, Mrs. sisted.

all of a sudden he looked so much like Hopkins."Audrey spoke in a quick, "I'm sorry I missed seeing him

his father that loneliness ached breathless way. play. Maybe next game—are you

through her. If only Tom had lived. "It's nice meeting you, Audrey."coming soon, Hoppy?"

Hoppy took hold of the girl's hand "Did you see the game, Mom?""As soon as I take Audrey home."

and brought her over and Clare could "No, I was too late, Son."Audrey said, "It's been just teralmost hear Tom's joking voice, "Give "Oh, Mrs. Hopkins,"Audrey cried. ribly wonderful meeting you, Mrs.

the kid credit. He can sure pick 'em.""We won! Twentyone to fourteen Hopkins. I mean Hoppy's so lucky

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to have such a beautiful mother, and well, how about a date next Satur- "Was that because Audrey threwyou look so young. I mean more day, then? Oh, well—"Clare could him over?"

like Hoppy's sister!"tell from the look on Hoppy's face "Gosh, no, Mom!"Hoppy said

She wanted to say sharply, "Now that Audrey had hung up on him. indignantly. "She and Sprint were

really, that's laying it on a bit thick!""Guess she got her dates mixed,"just good friends. But Audrey's promBut Hoppy looked so pleased that he'd said. ised to go steady with me,"he said

she said carefully, "It's sweet of you "She could have told you before softly.

to say that, Audrey."this!""Oh, no, Hoppy!"Clare said.

When Clare reached home, Mrs. Hoppy's face looked slack. "It's "You're much too young to go steady

Rumley, who came in to work by the too involved to explain. Looks like with—with anyone."

day, had left, but dinner was baking Sprint Davis has the inside track with Hoppy moved away. "I'm not too

in the oven. There was a note in her."young!"he said stiffly. "I'll be

Mrs. Rumley's eccentric script proNow, taking the wrapping off the eighteen next year."

claiming direly, "Them girls of yours butter, Clare thought angrily, Audrey A feeling of helplessness came over ain't done their piano practice."couldn't even be polite to Hoppy last her. She had always been able to

Clare groaned. What price musical year. Why the sudden interest now? reason with Hoppy. But now he was

education! She called the girls, and She thought apprehensively, a boy's antagonistic, ready to rise to Audrey's

they came racing up the steps first love is nothing to worry about defense on the slightest criticism.

Marilyn, a plump eightyear-old with if it's with the right girl, but the Clare knew she would have to tread brown pigtails, Betty, twelve and wrong girl lightly.

blond. Clare and the girls had eaten beShe wanted to ask more, to try and

"You girls are to get to your pracfore Hoppy came in the back door find out when Audrey had first betising immediately!"whistling. "Hi, Mom."gun to show this new interest in

"We can't both practise at once!""Hello, Son."Hoppy, but Marilyn and Betty came

Betty informed her. He came to stand near her, hands in arguing over a pair of roller skates,

"Then Marilyn will practise while thrust in the back pockets of his and by the time that was settled, Hopyou do your homework, young lady."jeans, trouser legs rolled up so that py had gone to his room to study.

"Aren't we going to eat?"Betty his feet looked huge in their thickLater Clare went in to tell him

protested. "Where's Hoppy?"soled brogans. "Don't you think good night, but he had fallen asleep

"We'll eat in half an hour. Hoppy Audrey's swell, Mom? Isn't she gorwith the light on. He looked young

is taking Audrey Traintor home."geous? Look at the picture she gave and overgrown, lying there with his

Betty put her hands on her hips. me."It was a tinted photograph bony bare feet sticking out of his

"Don't tell me Hoppy's melonhead small enough to be carried in a walpajama legs. Clare walked over to

enough to date her after the way she let, inscribed, "To Hoppy with all my turn the light off and saw that the treated him!"love—Audrey."small wooden chest on top of his

"What do you mean, honey?"Clare read the inscription, and her (Continued on following page)

Are So HELPLESS "Don't tell me you've forgotten throat tightened. "She is quite thethe Harvest Ball last year and—most gorgeous gal I've seen in a long

"You are not to say one word about time,"she agreed. "But you'll parAudrey to Hoppy, Betty. Underdon me if I'm a bit confused. Wasn't

stand?"Clare said sharply. How it Audrey who gave you a raw deal

could she have forgotten Audrey on the Harvest Ball last year?"

Traintor! Clare said more gently, "Audrey explained about that,"

"That blue sweater is so pretty on Hoppy defended quickly. "You see,

you, dear. Do your homework now, she'd promised Sprint in September,

and I'll call you when dinner is and then she forgot and promised ready."me. Naturally when Sprint reminded

Clare seethed inside as she set the her that he had first bid she had to table. No wonder Audrey's name had go with him. That's the kind of a

sounded a bell off key. Clare reswell girl she is. She felt terrible

membered the night of the big dance about disappointing me."

last October. A gardenia corsage in Clare remembered the way Audrey

the icebox, and Hoppy still damp had hung up. "What about this

from his shower, at the telephone Sprint Davis?"she asked as she took

talking to Audrey. Hoppy's dinner from the warming "What time shall I stop by for—oven and placed it on the table. "Is

A tense pause. "You're going with he out of the picture?"

Sprintoh—"Davis!a very Butlongyoupause.promised"Sureme spring"Sprint?and Oh,joinedhe thequitnavy."school last

JANUARY 1955 25 with the glossy black hair in the arms

MOTHERS ARE SO HEEPEESS of the tall, grimyfaced hero! If

(Continued from preceding page) "Not for high school dances, you Clare had ever had any doubts as to dresser was open. This was Hoppy's don't, dear."Audrey's insincerity, they vanished

treasure box where he kept his most "Audrey wants to go to the Starnow.

cherished possessions. Things like light Gardens some Saturday night."Clare saw the look on Hoppy's

the silver medal he had won for high He pulled at the lobe of his ear. "I'm face as he was carried away on the

diving, his father's gold watch, a snapgoing to get a job after school as shoulders of his classmates. It was

shot of the whole family taken at the soon as the football season is over. such a blind look of complete happiit frightened her. Fame atlake the summer before Tom died. Costs money to date a swell girl like ness that

Had Hoppy stood there earlier, Audrey. She's used to going to ritzy best was a fickle thing. High school

looking at his father's picture, saying, places like the Varsity Inn."fans were rabid little savages, and

"What d'you know, Dad, I've got a So that was why Audrey looked this same cheering crowd would steady girl!"so sulky. A jam session at her boy desert Hoppy at the first sign of failShe saw Hoppy smile in his sleep. friend's house was too juvenile. Why ure. She saw Hoppy look back and

She wished he were still ten years couldn't Hoppy see what a heartless wave at Audrey. He was in for

count, and sheold—a nice safe ten. little gold digger she was! But when heartbreak on each

Clare came home from working the you Were seventeen and in love, you must somehow warn him before it next night to a houseful of young just didn't reason things out sensibly. was too late!

people stomping to the shrill rhythm "I'm afraid Audrey will have to go "We'll see Hoppy later,"Clare of hot jazz. on a bus, dear. Or maybe you can told the girls. "Let's get the bus."

"They raided the icebox,"Mrs. arrange to go with Chuck or someAs they boarded the bus, three girls

Rumley greeted her mournfully. Mrs. one."It was difficult to keep her pressed close to Clare. Their highRumley was tall and given to asthma. voice light. She gestured towards pitched chatter invaded Clare's trou-

"They usually do,"Clare told her. the bills. "Marilyn has to have a bled thoughts.

She walked into the living room. snowsuit, Betty must have braces put "Wasn't Hoppy marvelous!"

"Hello, kids,"she cried. on her teeth. Taxes on the house "Audrey Traintor certainly thinks

"Hi, Mrs. Hopkins!"they called. will be due next month. A car! so! Did you get a load of the big

love scene!"She saw Audrey and Hoppy standMaybe next year—"She laid a hand

ing by the window. Audrey looked on Hoppy's arm. "You understand, "Oh, that was just an act because

sleek and beautiful and sulky. Hoppy don't you?"Hoppy's a football hero! Look at the

looked worried. Clare went in the "Oh, sure, Mom,"he said, but his way she fell all over Sprint Davis

kitchen and shut the door. Mrs. grin was on the sickly side. last year and then fluffed him off

Rumley was ready to leave; "They'll "The girls and I arc planning to when the season ended. I mean cut

so cold that ran and he him awaytear the predicted she house down,"see play next Saturday. Holgate West

is the Sprint navy. joined Anddarkly. like that?"Will you

is just bigeared a smooth. Hoppy all "They'll suddenly remember bet, could she But "You Mom."

suit. his football goon without You of their they have and homes own tell worried he he was would how

just as seaas the soonleave."to explain couldn't he watch—just Audrey why

is so over, Audrey'll drop son him Clare the budget working on was car. a promote

fast it'll his swim!"head make noise the abruptly music andwhen

ceased. A few minutes later Hoppy Caturday Clare and the two girls So that was why Audrey was giving rush! Sprint a Davis such Hoppy in the stood kitchencame by and fall crisp in in the the stands sat

last year. big hero been the She had in the desk, his back hooked hands fast air, again beat Clare's heart and

the pattern. should have seen But silent. pockets, thoughtfully yells to of school excitement the and

to she going be hurt if Hoppy wasn't Clare asked to gang gone?""The Faster!- her music. was That band

break the silence. son making those brilliant plays. In could help it!

"Yes. Audrey rode home with the last moments of the game she Marilyn and Betty met Hoppy at

Chuck Roberts."rose and shouted, "Come on, Hoppy! the door. "Gosh, you were good,

"Chuck goes right past her house, Touchdown!"She grabbed Marilyn Hoppy! You won the game with

doesn't he?"and hugged her. "He made it!"your touchdowns!"

"Mom,"Hoppy asked suddenly, The shot ending the game rang out. "Nuts, kids,"Hoppy said. "If it

"couldn't we buy a car?"Marilyn and Betty grabbed Clare's hadn't been for the rest of the team

Clare looked at the stack of unpaid hands and ran down the stadium we'd have lost. Did you see the way

bills, and the idea was so fantastic steps towards Hoppy. But Audrey Ted Beams threw that lateral? And

she almost laughed. And then she beat them. She stood on tiptoe and the way Chuck ran interference? It's

saw the eager look on Hoppy's young threw her arms around Hoppy's neck. a lot of hooey making such a fuss

face. "I'm afraid that's out of the Before the hundreds of people she over a guy just because he happens

question right now."kissed him. to be the one who carries the ball

"But gosh, Mom. There's the HarClare stood quite still, exhilaration over the goal!"

vest Ball and the Holly Hop coming giving way to fury, because she had "I'll say amen to that!"Clare was

up. A guy can't exactly take a girl seen Audrey first glance around to struggling to maintain a light tone.

like Audrey to them on a bus!"make sure of the crowd and the She gave the girls money. "A malt

No, Clare thought wryly. An newspaper photographers. Oh, Aufor each of you."After they had

Audrey must arrive in style! drey was quite aware of the romantic gone, Clare turned to Hoppy. "We

"And I almost gotta have a tux."picture they made, the small girl (Continued on page 60)

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Hal Rumel Photo to Me What My Faith Means

by Elder John A. Widtsoe

UkTB MSaMKBR OF TBB COUKCtt, WHS TWBtV*

y faith in the principles of the gospel of Jesus man's endless journey from a dim past into an eternal

Christ, as restored by the Prophet Joseph Smith, future, I learn that I need God's help in all that I places me in possession of an allcomprehensive do, but also, as a glorious comfort, that God, to a philosophy according to which I can order all the small degree, infinitely small perhaps, needs me and affairs of my life, whether of a temporal or a spiritual all his children to work out his mighty purposes. It

nature. is good to know oneself in partnership with God.

By this faith I draw wisdom from the past, obtain By this faith, amidst the wearisome toil and the visions of the future, and walk fearlessly in the present strife of the heat of the day, I am at rest and at peace, with a full assurance that God's goodness will guide me. for I know my history and my destiny and the eternal

By this faith I am able to inmeaning of the day's work.

terpret whatever I learn of this By this faith I know that however lowly my task or of any other time and find its in life may be, before the judgment seat of God, if place in the eternal scheme of my work has been well done, it shall be transmuted things. into spiritual values, and my soul shall know that I

By this faith, which teaches me have been doing necessary work for the fulfilment of that I am eternal, with an existence the Master's plan.

before this life, and an ever active By this faith I am unafraid, for I know that God's life hereafter, I am given full power is everywhere and that I never walk alone, courage to battle against evil, but that in joy or sorrow, at home or abroad, God's whether in me or in others. will guides me.

By this faith, which promises By this faith it is easy to lay aside the material for the endless triumph of the prothe spiritual things of life; to exchange the honor of

Dr. John A. Widtsoe gressing spirit of man over the men for. the service of God.

things of the universe, I attack the By this faith my life is one of gratitude for favors duties of my daily life with the clear confidence that received and of trust that whatever is for my good if I but do my duty well, I shall find the way to the will be given me if I strive for it honestly.

mastery of the earth and all earthly tasks. By this faith I know the brotherhood of man and

By this faith my joy in life is abundant; my sorrows the Fatherhood of God, the joy and necessity of servare tempered; my trust in the ultimate triumph of ing and helping my fellow man, and the satisfying

good over evil is unshakable. fellowship of my brethren and sisters.

By this faith I learn more and more to hate sin By this faith I know that whatever of experience and to reach out a helping hand to the sinner. I have gained in this life will be mine forever, and

By this faith, which embraces a complete plan of that my family and children are mine to the end of

I shall grow to the fuller day, in which an endless 1918. time Dr. Widtsoe At that Instructor, September the Juvenile *From

of the general of a board stature Godlike man. of a member of the University president Utah and was

Association. Bryant Improvement Mutual Men's of the Young

of S. "GreatnessHinckley All these and a thousand other things that would Era as he wrote 1932 it Improvement in the November quoted

a biographical in Men,"series of the membership of the Council of the fill many volumes does my faith mean to me. day. in that Twelve

JANUARY 1955 27 by Lora M. Conant

made the acquaintance of ten- I did."Her voice was cool. "Don't do a good turn daily. Dancing with

yearold Helen Talbot on the you remember her, Bob?"she conHelen will be my good turn."firstI day of February several years tinued. "See you do it nicely,"I admonago. She entered the oneteacher "Too well,"Bob, my sophisticated ished.

Prairie Dale School where I was pupil, was actually rude. "You bet,"Marvin said earnestly,

teaching five months after school Marvin Henningway put in his lit- "I'll ask her myself, and I'll act as if her. good I to with liked dance private transferring A from aopened, to her, nice tle bit. be must "We

it unless isn't is done fifany the turn goodschool. I had been teaching all her,"like he don't even if we

teenpupil Prairie Dale School since insisted earnestly. Helen almost right."

the first Monday in September, and it disappeared through the floor. She My plans were carefully made.

had been a pleasant, easy position. On was the humblest bit of girl flesh I The children were pleased with their

that first Monday I had met Barbara had ever seen. I felt very sorry for report cards. I used Helen's card in

Weitzel, a slim, eager, blond girl of her. my pep talk.

subin every passed has "Helen talented; Robert andten—smart sorry that being I course, of knew,

is be- I ject,"told "That group. my sophisticated, blackeyed aStuart,

I problems. solve Helen's wouldn't hard."has she worked religious, cause quiet, thirteen; of anddandy

felt I could her. sure she teach must pretty She was beamed. Helen yearoldeleven- Henningway. Marvin at look didn't she learning; get book happy. she of wasI when trouble with any had no had part that only all stupid. But was six next "I'll the harder work brought Talbot Mrs.them. Then

I I her. teach of must must what asked, then promised, she weeks,"to school. awkan was SheHelen and, children click to the with her get get, Barbara?"did you little eyes. girl "What fat brown withward, in I all, pride build a last of must Science,"Social 'B'in old "I got an amiable. normal and seemedShe How abnormal humbleness her. was Such 'B'old complained. "That Barbara I upset shecould would my know all I at hard degrading. worked and

I all card. report spoils wanted school! myeasy

I pegged day problems—every 'A's'."rich of only the wife mother, Her

I realized more every day threeaway—and faltered. "Let 'A's,'""All Helen her in brought the community,man

I unjob a had just fully hard how it."see of in the meto school the middle mornat her dull dertaken. Helen was report at the stared to I dumbly Sheing. the heard and went knock

like not children did studies. The her draining card, from happiness the in myself. stood doorthe We of her fear daily lived in her. She inface. an awkward, She became looked talked. Mrs. Talbothall and

to these disapproval. mother's Added

I girl. little of articulate swung said, bit superciliously lumpat and a me a herself liabilities, added she three

routine. period into the play briskly teach Helen."I can hope No you deburning a developed fourth. She

boys. Find partners, I to. your "Get able else ever been hasone

sire to outshine—outdistance—out faces. straighten places your your and girls'school, special to and asent her

rival was "who Barbara—Barbara I'll Oyster.'call, for the 'Duck her. anything with couldn't dothey who blond and beautiful—Barbara shining soap good and with if she's Marvin, either, can't but probablyYou smart. I worked popular and was

to correctly sit Helen, sit, up as walked well to she might over was will, believe me. Helen Making partner, Helen?"be "Will less you expensive."myhere—it'sgoing chore. a real

at him. sat just looked and Helen her from Helen's hand shook She

arm, gave my shabby suit a disdainThe first test of how well I was "You and Marvin may be head ful look, and went out the door. I succeeding came at the end of the couple, Helen,"I encouraged.

to pass first planned six weeks. I had bluntly, said "I won't Helen "No,"speakturned bit dazed—to around—a talk, give a pep report cards, out the he's I him. with dance disappeared. mama says to Helen, but she had My

let square children the and then like for a hick too in funny later in the dark- a seat herfound pass- a achieved Helen had I dance. his with mother. building. big, words—justI want to dance old of the est corner

took her to a desk next to Barbara ing average in her studies, and- 1 had Bob."

Weitzel and said, "Barbara is just talked Marvin, the skinny, sincere Bob, the dapper, the sophisticated, your age. You must be good friends."Henningway boy, into being her just made a rude face at her and said,

Helen merely cowered in her seat. partner in the square dance. "I'm dancing with Barbara."

Barbara said, "I know her. She "Yes, I'll do it,"Marvin had said. Marvin retired—his good deed

started to school here the same year "I'm a Boy Scout, and I'm supposed to thrown back in his face.

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Barbara is just your age, you must be good friends. it somepiace, but will you all think

just where you saw me lay it down?"

Helen stood alone. No girl were still the same, to do away with The children all tried to think—all

laughed with her. No one talked Helen's humbleness—to make her except Helen. Helen said in her

with her. No one asked her to dance. accepted by the children—and to help clear, blunt voice, "Jim Weitzel stole

Everyone had a good time except her become a source of pride to her the teacher's purse with ten dollars

Helen. Helen suffered. Her fat little mother. This time I concentrated on in it when he was going to school

face sweated. She grinned at Bob making Barbara Helen's friend. here. I heard Mama tell Papa about

every time he came near. Bob did Helen possessed material things that it."

not grin back. No one grinned back Barbara coveted—a box of fine crayJim was Barbara's idolized big

at her. olas—the very best water paints brother.

I suffered, too. A presence made nice coloring books—good candies and "He didn't,"Barbara stormed.

itself felt through my suffering. I cakes in her lunch. Barbara was "That nasty old teacher, Old Minnie

paused in my call, "Around that couqueen of our little school. If BarBrown, lost it. She dropped it in

ple take a peek."bara accepted Helen, Bob the sothe road when her car stopped, and

Mrs. Talbot was there surveying phisticated boy of thirteen would acshe got out to see what was the

the scene with disdainful eyes. "She cept her, also. Bob was the oldest matter. Jim found the pocketbook

can't even dance!"she flicked a hand boy, and a leader. in the road.

toward Helen. I went to work. "Helen and Marvin spoke up, "You shouldn't

"Show your mother your report Barbara, will you make a Dutch mill accuse people of bad things,"he spoke card, Helen,"I said. Helen hid it poster? You may sit in this double virtuously. Marvin had not forgotten

behind her back. Mrs. Talbot seat and use Helen's crayons. Hers that Helen had refused to square

whirled her around and took the card. have a great variety of colors."dance with him.

"Do you call that good?"she said For nearly a month I worked to "Old Minnie HaHa was always

disdainfully and took Helen home. solidify that friendship, and my plan losing things,"Bob stated. "She was

"You lost the first round,"I told was progressing nicely. Helen was really a bit crazy."

myself and felt unbelievably tired. eating in Barbara's group. Helen Barbara got up and went to the

was going to click with the children. back row to finish lunch. Bob took

Tnstead of blaming myself for los- I was happy. Then the unfortunate his lunch to the back also and sat

*- ing the first round, I steeled myself little wretch slipped again. One in the seat next to Barbara. The

for the second bout. This time I morning I mislaid my billfold. I other children followed. Just Helen

planned to achieve my aims by difasked the children about it, saying, was left in the front row—choking

ferent means. My aims of course "I know no one took it. I just left (Continued on following page)

JANUARY 1955 29 THE TRANSFORMATION OF HELEN (Continued from preceding page) "There's no law against it,"I exmy eyes. At first Barbara had comdismally on a sandwich. I was angry plained; "it's just one of the things plained of him a lot, although he

at Helen—at myself—and at the that isn't done-—like going to church was not her partner. He always

pocketbook which I had found in my barefooted. It isn't wrong to go to danced with Helen.

own desk drawer...Helen was defichurch barefooted—but it's just one "Gerald's feet are too big,"Barnitely an outcast, a miserable little of those things that people don't do."bara complained once. "He steps on

girl at the edge of a group. Bob was stilled. Barbara, the cormy shoes."

I didn't have a play period that rect, was greatly impressed. The rest "Everyone has to learn to dance,

second report time. I didn't give a accepted defeat sadly. Helen gave a Barbara. No one is good at first."

talk about Helen's improvement, allittle sigh of relief. I admitted defeat, Then I said to Helen, "Can you help

though she had improved. I just and concentrated on giving Helen Gerald to handle his feet better?"

treated the children to ice cream and book learning. I felt sure that noth- "It's his boots,"Helen said.

cake. Helen could share that. I ing I could do would make the chil- I looked at her questioningly, but

felt defeated. dren accept her. she just looked back. Later however

I was defeated, too. There was Then one morning Gerald Soren- I heard her struggling with Gerald.

nothing I could do to make the chilsen came to school. I heard a car "If you could just have a pair of

learn,dren like Helen—nothing I could do stop outside. Then start again. After shoes to dance in until you

to make them even accept her pas- a few minutes the door opened, and Gerald,"she said earnestly. "After

sively. Helen withdrew within herGerald came into the schoolroom. He you learn to be a good dancer, you

self so far that she was practically managed to drop his lunch pail, can dance even in boots."

invisible. knock over the map stand, and hit "I will get shoes, Helen. I'll get

At first I made them choose her in Barbara's hand, spoiling her language a real light pair."Gerald never

Softball. The first time Helen was at paper, before he reached my desk. His questioned her judgment.

bat Bob was the pitcher. He threw face was red with embarrassment as He did get a pair of shoes, too—an

the ball so hard she was scared. I he handed me his report card. I old, worn pair but nice and light.

ordered him to pitch easier balls to looked it over and my heart sank. Still Barbara wasn't satisfied. "Do

her as she was frightened. I could It was really bad. I looked around we have to have him dance in our

feel hate building up among the chilto find someone to send with him in set?"she demanded one day while

dren. Helen threw down her bat. to the hall to put his name above a I was teaching a new square dance.

She said in her clear, blunt voice, "I clothes hook. Every face was averted. "Look at his hair and shirt,"she

don't want to play. I hate ball.""Gerald is awkward and uncouth,"stormed, "they're dirty."

I let her stop playing. their shoulders said. They would "No,"Helen said bluntly. "His

I suggested a play for Easter and have none of him. Then I saw Helen. hair sticks up. He puts water on it

cast Helen in a minor part. Her Her face held pity and understanding. instead of hair oil and his shirt is old;

part was just the middle girl in a The pause was becoming awkward. but his hair is clean and his shirt is

family of five. No one would accept Gerald's cap was still on his head. clean."

the roles of her brothers and sisters I took his lunch pail, his cap, and "Though he is clean coat, and steered him to a desk He's still a scream,"accept them willingly that is—of his

next to Helen's. Then I myself hung sang Bob, the dandy.course I could have forced them—but

no good purpose would have been up his cap and coat and placed his "Maybe he is clean,"said Barbara achieved. So I said easily, "I'll see lunch pail on the shelf with the petulantly, "but I still wish we didn't

if I can find another play, one you others. have to have him at the school party.

like better."I didn't find one. I Gerald, I thought, was the last I hate old patched shirts."

had no intention of giving a program straw. He knew practically noth- "Personally,"I spoke tartly, as

in which one of my pupils was left ing, and the room had repudiated teachers are apt to speak if too hard out. him. Not one was willing to help pressed, "I prefer poor clothing to

Every morning for weeks Barbara him—not one except Helen. poor manners. Your manners are

asked, "Did you find a play for us?"I turned him over to Helen. After atrocious, Barbara, and yours, too,

And each time I said, "There are all, in a school where the teacher has Bob."

lots of plays but nothing suitable. eight grades, a late entrance like GerThe children looked at me in hurt

I must, of course, find one with fifald is a real calamity. I could hear amazement. I had never used my

teen characters in it."This generally Helen struggling with him. acerbity on them, but the subject was

ended the conversation, but at last "Sound it out, Gerald. C-a-t-ch"closed. Later I heard Helen strugBob took courage.—and Gerald finally got "catch."gling with Gerald.

"Why couldn't we have a play "The lower number is larger than "I'll bring some of Papa's hair oil with less than fifteen characters in the upper number, Gerald. Five is for you, and you can put it on your

it?"he asked daringly. He was really larger than two. Borrow one and hair before the school party—but a

enjoying my predicament. make two twelve. Now take five new shirt! I do wish you could have

I looked properly shocked and said, fromit twelve,"35 and Gerald finally got a new shirt, Gerald, for the school "Oh, I couldn't give a play without seven. party."

using all my pupils. It just isn't Slowly, painfully, Gerald learned And Gerald answered, "I'll get a

done."it all, even square dancing. He was new shirt, Helen. I'm almost sure I

"Why not?"Bob persisted. He really going to be good at square can have a new shirt."

thought he was putting me on a spot. dancing. I could scarcely believe (Continued on page 39)

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by O. A. Kearney 3NHAT

other day I stepped off the streets, when I saw an obstruction "I'm seldom in such a hurry as to be delayed by these cases,"heThecurb in front of our bank. Before ahead. Cars were parked along one much

I could get into the line of traffic, side of the street, and a delivery says, "and you should see the smiles

I get."that nods I you thank slowed and parked. double truck that had blast terrific horn athere came

this try out I would that I thought to around swing started and scared down feet off and me blew myalmost I was afternoon yesterday So I system. me, behind I from when, the truck bystanders. innocent ofa number

I hospital, when the past driving the horn blast from a loud heard sure to be look to up need notdid that behind that horn was a man of an ancient vehicle driven by a noticed a little family group waiting no There was the avenue. to cross the same in about born man ybung way,"out of the "Get mood.in a bad

it and at the corner, signal traffic the charged by the car. He year as step one said. blast "Comethe

farther, and it will be curtains for three of us. As an added feature, the appeared that they might have quite

you. You must be an idiot."companion of the driver leaned out a wait. I looked in my mirror and

I doubt whether the man would as they sailed by and shouted, saw the line behind me was not too

I signaled so and great, or too to do? Don'cha close trying "Whatcha enough up quite worked beenhave

the little I waved stopped. Then drive?"how to cerknow horn that, but his said to have

tainly did say it. How differently I would like to report that my failfamily across. When the last of

some other persons sound their warnure to reply was not the result of my them had safely reached the curb, the ings. Just a mere peep and behind having no hard thoughts at that infather turned, waved a cordial

the wheel you will see a smiling man stant. The fact is, I could not think "thank you,"and smiled. "It works,"

myself. to I said wouldn't and of comeback a snappy sure pretty "I say, to am seemswho

telling it if I was my wife about it when to use I had had time to have be I just wanted but me, you see certain. Take your time. I'll be thought of one. I got home that night. "Why, that's

past in a minute."Recently, a friend of mine was tellnothing new,"she said, "it's just good

Not long ago, I was spending the ing me that he was trying out an inold-fashioned courtesy. Remember?"

night in another city. It was rather teresting technique in connection Maybe she had a point.

late when I went to my hotel window with his traffic problems. Whenand looked down on the street below. ever there is a question of doubt as

I think a large percentage of the to who has the right of way, he says traffic was made up of taxicabs. I that he gives the other fellow the

could see them darting about the benefit of it and waves him ahead.

streets in the vicinity, but more than that, I could hear them, for they were blasting away on their horns with rare abandon. Those fellows were

not just giving warning to the nearby traffic, they were serving notice on every vehicle and pedestrian for a radius of a dozen blocks.

Last fall, my wife and I were driving along one of our neighborhood

—Photo by Hal Rumel

AM

the bustle of breakfast time, with glanced at the clock, caught one anInits promise of half a dozen vaguely other's eyes, and Luke swung up from nice things to evolve after the his chair, pocketing his newspaper busy hour, it's a little too easy to and reaching for his hat. V

make excuses about things one doesn't She handed him a letter to mail, fancy doing. When Luke asked and he stood with it in his hand,

about the people across the street, studying the envelope. "Kay, I know J Kay was spooning a second helping perfectly well you can't always help

of oatmeal into the bowls the boys the way you're made, but don't make had already mopped clean like fam- a virtue of shynes."He kissed her

ished young cocker spaniels. swiftly.

V "No, I haven't dropped in on them When he had gone, she stood by yet—you know what it's like in the the window, fully conscious of the

it was summer, you pass new people the warmth and softness from the \ winter, we all seem to hibernate. If feminine controversy within herself,

half a dozen times a day, and it's so love with which he had said it, and much easier to strike up acquaintthe flushing annoyance with what he ance."had said.

Luke put down his paper for a But the satisfaction of completed moment. "How long is it they've morning chores brings soothing and

By been here? Ten days or so?"forgetfulness of petty sensitivities.

Joyce Kay glanced at the calendar. "They Then, at lunch, while the boys were

moved in the first of the month. This doing justice to their beef stew, Ray Knudsen is the—"she flushed a little, "—well, commented, "That Mr. Weedie's

they've been in nearly three weeks."kind of funny. We said hello to

Luke grinned. him just now, and he wouldn't anShe protested, "Dear, you've never swer us."

been shackled by shyness. I wish I "Where did you see him?"

had your selfconfidence. They're "Over by his house. He works

past middle age; I haven't a thing in somewhere near here, and he comes

the world in common with them; I home for his lunch. We saw him

could almost as easily make converdoing something to his fence before % sation with a jaguar as walk up that he went in the house, but he never \1 u. little sidewalk and try to make a deanswered when we called over."

cent impression on a complete stranShe changed the subject by bringger."

His eyes twinkled. "Kay. / was Sittinging the downpeachwithcustardher toowntheserving,table.

a complete stranger to you once."she chatted with the boys about the mm rm She glanced toward the boys, nomorning's school events, but a part

bqjw limmat—ticed the replenished bowls were LofpnAu|kher mind wasy]/m>commenting, Ijhagine

I HlilmmrtmMvU- f| be, scan on rjfovbd to "on jjfjBiply clip'! knp|;[ \4|i4|jit;s if she

,o b&jso to id with sta ikg<f: hr home

'm mk theyjf|rily; oibjejihere i nu neighbors

8b||!p; M:;-tWff| w|| Id iltes.

phoolH l| coat m. The rfgil 1 the

llhoon long edie city were doing, they simultaneously (Continued on page 34) 32 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FEEL THE DIFFEREHCE.

IN TRACTOR AND TOOLS

The dynamic WD45 Tractor with POWERCRATER engine gives you power to get ahead fast. Try it... work it... you'll know there's a

difference. With its surging highcompression

power from regular gasoline, the loadhungry

WD45 goes into the field and takes charge.

CLEARANCE for bed or flatland cultivation...

plus stability and precision... are built into the

WD45 cultivator.

VERSATILITY. Eleven different types or combinations of tools are quickly mounted on the

WD45. You change from job to job in a jiffy.

POWER. A new range of highcompression

power on regular gasoline is yours in the WD45

POWERCRATER engine. Also available with

L-P gas equipment.

When the going is tough, the automatic Traction Booster takes over... enables you to utilize

rearmounted implement weight... as needed

for traction.

Take the wheel and get the feel of the WD45 in action... on your land. You'll be driving

today's topperforming tractor... and the price

will save you hundreds of dollars! Visit your

AllisChalmers dealer.

fUllSCHflLMERSTRACTOR DIVISION MILWAUKEE 1, U.S.A.)

POWERCRATER is an AllisChalmers trademark,)

ZWKu Power to get ahead Fast X Complete Hydraulic System

X Automatic Traction Booster X PowerShift Wheel Spacing X. QuickHitch Implements

X TwoClutch Power Control X Helical Gear Transmission X Full Crop and Implement Clearance

JANUARY 1955 33 A WOODEN FENCE (Continued from page 32) "Oh, that's too bad. You'll have Kay looked at him with sudden reexamining his picket fence again beto excuse me, but I'm just a bit hard spect. He was a sensitive man, and

fore he returned to work. She reof hearing, and often I don't catch a he could bring himself to speak this

membered that she was not a high strange voice the first time."candidly to a stranger. "We all have

school girl and that she had a GodKay grinned her own relief. "It some silly vanities, Mr. Weedie. I

given tongue. She crossed the road. just goes to show how we can try to avoid new situations because

He was inspecting a length of the twist things through ignorance, Mr. I'm a bit shy, and I was annoyed with

fence about eight feet from the sideWeedie. I was firmly convinced you my husband this morning because

walk, his head lowered, and when must want to keep to yourself. My he said something about making a

her steps slowed and she said, "How boys spoke to you this morning, and virtue of shyness. I'll have to apolodo you do, Mr. Weedie,"he ignored you apparently didn't hear them."gize for not calling on you and Mrs.

her and continued to study the fence. Weedie before, but your wife seems

She hesitated, then walked on to keep to herself...."

down the street quickly, her cheeks He was motioning her through the prickling. For a few minutes she gate and toward the front door with

felt selfconsciousness and indignation anxious courtesy. "My, no, she

churning inside her. If he's nervous, doesn't intend to. But, you see, she

he might realize other people have had some bother with her heart a feelings, too. few months back, and she can't do

When she returned from the the things she used to. It's taken

shopping, she put away thoughts of her twice as long to get things trying to call on Mrs. Weedie this straightened around after we moved.

afternoon. A proper opportunity Here—step right in, Mrs. Burton.

would be given her. She concenMrs. Weedie will be real glad to see

trated on her own work. And at you."

4:30 she went to the window with He led her into the pretty living

the last mended sock in her hand, to room, beaming toward his wife, watch for the boys. Yes, a proper "Well, we've finally met one of the

opportunity would be given her, but neighbors, Ellie, and you can blame perhaps she was being shown that her it on me that we didn't get acquainted early chances had already been dissooner.

regarded. For, with undeniable Kay sat down near the small, bright

repetition, Mr. Weedie came into her woman who smiled at her happily.

view again, walking home from work, They talked together in the pleased, a small, tired man. Something about relieved phrases of people from whom

his faintly drooping figure, the thin- a small load has been lifted. Kay

ning gray hair, carried a poignancy admitted ruefully, "I don't know why she had never noticed before. we insist on looking for such diffiShe turned from the window, put culties in little things, but I let myaway the sock, and thrust her arms self believe you and Mr. Weedie were

into her coat. By the time she rather forbidding."

crossed the road he was running his Mrs. Weedie laughed quietly but

hands along the old picket fence merrily. "Dear me, and all because

again, stopping to shake one section I guess Tom didn't hear you when tentatively. you tried to speak to him."She

She was walking quickly, and she turned to him. "You really must give

of funny. kind Weedie's Mr. "Thatwas almost at his side when she said, We in and get that hearing aid, dear. hello said just now, he wouldn't and to him"How do you do, Mr. Weedie. I'm—answer us."You shouldn't worry about your posiHe halfglanced toward her uncertion at the plant. If your work

tainly and was about to lower his "Now, that's too bad. As far as doesn't speak for you, it won't help

head again when he realized she was I've known, nobody on the street has to have you mistaken for an absentspeaking to him. He faced her then spoken to me since we moved here. minded old man. You'll wish you'd

with the questioning, hesitant look of You know, we all have our little bought one years ago, you'll see, the person who doesn't hear well. vanities, and I can't bring myself to dear."

She repeated herself, still a little unbuy a hearing aid. I've been afraid Kay could sense an unusual atsure of the situation. "I'm your that at my age I might jeopardize my mosphere, a great, almost excited reneighbor across the street—Mrs. Burjob at the plant if they thought I was lief between the couple, out of proton."going deaf. I hear all right if I face portion to what a simple, informal

He smiled, the wide, illuminating a person, but I guess I'll have to quit visit should have caused.

smile of relief. "Why, glad to know my little game if I'm giving people Mr. Weedie smiled at their guest,.

you, Mrs. Burton. Glad to know you. the wrong impression. It'll take "You mention making a virtue of a

You didn't speak to me before, did some will power, but I'd probably do little sensitivity, Mrs. Burton, and

you/ better to come right out and admit I'll tell you how far a mistaken notion "Yes, as a matter of fact, I did."my ears need a bit of help."(Concluded on page 36)

34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Families see

eye to eye

JANUARY 1955 35 A Wooden Fence

(Concluded page 34) from larnaae—and J/aitk? andcan go. pretty been Ellie and I had

disappointed in the last couple of weeks that nobody on the street J"altkfnine55 seemed to be neighborly, and we were almost considering going back to the Richard L. Evans

old neighborhood, 'though we'd been so sure we'd like it here. All the YVTe should like to speak again of faith and faithfulness.

*"Perhaps there are no two people, however close andfine young children—we thought

they'd perk us up. You know that compatible, but who could find some occasions of mispicket fence out there? Well, I've understanding and some causes for annoyances with one

been looking it over, and we'd planned another—especially if they become careless and inconsiderto tear it down and put up a nice ate. In marriage, many things may lead to misunderstanding

wrought iron railing. I could make—differences of personality (peculiarities, we may choose toit, that's my trade. But—call them if we are speaking of the attributes of others, and

Kay interrupted. "Oh, how lovely. not of our own!), misfortunes, financial setbacks (which all

We always wanted a wrought iron tend to add to the tension), lack of consideration, lack of railing, but the cost runs so high. If appreciation (or what seems to be so), and taking too much

we could have yours to look at, it for granted, letting down, and becoming careless in conduct, would be almost as nice as our own. and perhaps careless even in personal appearance. And as misWhy, it would give a lift to the whole understandings are magnified, marriages miscarry in mountstreet."ing numbers, with the wreckage of homes, with hurt and

He grinned and shrugged his unhappy children, and with little gained by any of it, and shoulders. "You see? I was just bewith irreparable damage done. The reasons may not always

ginning to figure it wasn't worth be apparent, but the tragic results almost always are. Part

while to go ahead with it even though of the problem may be that breaking up, running away, that old wooden fence is an eyesore."sometimes seems to be the shortest or easiest solution. But

He thought about it soberly for a actually it isn't—for without some change inside, the permoment and added with a twinkle sonalities and the problems are simply shifted to another

in his eyes, "You know, we ought to scene, with costs compounded, with endless complications;

go ahead and knock down the woodand the principal participants as well as the innocent byen fences without so much thinking standers—children and others—are always faced with the

about it."fact that there has been a failure. And a tradition for failure

Kay caught his meaning and smiled, is exceedingly hazardous, in families and elsewhere also. A

the easy smile of one who is among broken home, a broken marriage, always requires explanation.

friends. She had known them less But making a marriage work well is its own glorious beginthan half an hour. And yet, was ning of a tradition for success. Marriage is more than a mere

there so much to "knowing"people? social convenience, more than a legal contract. It is a sacred

Usually it was only a few words, the covenant, that cannot, with impunity, be set aside. Happiness,

dropping of a wooden fence, that gave sincere, mature, stable happiness, seldom if ever would seem it, live foranother one confidence to knock down to come easily or accidentally. One must work at

his own fence. it, give up something of himself and of his own selfishness,

and conduct himself with courtesy, with character and conthe caught she Through window forbearance, faith faithfulness. with and sideration—withsight of the into turning boys

to a marriage be is made it should made their Once own sidewalk. How gleefully they a family to rear, with children to teach, with prayerfulness,work, with

would offer to help tear down the high purpose, and faithful performance.old fence when she told them of Mr.

Weedie's plans. And she must beJne Jpoken Word, FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

ware of speaking lightly, as she had in the morning, unconsciously imPRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 14, 1954 pressing on their young minds the Copyright, 1954 foolish defense of a rickety, obscuring fence.

Jam tk& MARCH OF DIMES JatuWty 3-31

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Some serve without pay, others receive only token pay and all give time and effort beyond the imme*- diate needs of their duties.

By keeping the spirit of Christmas lights burning throughout the year, these good Utahns are helping the industrial growth of our State. Without

them, business enterprise as we know k could not operate successfully.

They deserve the gratitude of all the people of our

State. r 4- Ibs MmaMOMWHWWaWWWOTOTOM*.

Kennecott Copper Corporation

XA Good Neighbor Helping to Build a Better Utah"

JANUARY 1955 37 YOUR QUESTION insightthe I sightbroughtof thethemheathen,forth.in whose

(Continued from page 15) picture shows, and engage in other "I lifted up mine hand unto them or sister. It has been demonstrated amusement on the Sabbath day. also in the wilderness, that I would

many times by those who have forHere is a duty devolving on the parscatter them among the heathen, and saken the seventh day for business ents who can furnish the amusement disperse them through the countries;

and have given it to the service of and at the same time enlighten them- "Because they had not executed the Lord as he has required, that they selves as well as their children by the my judgments, but had despised my have prospered. They testify that right kind of instruction. This instatutes, and had polluted my sabthey have been more abundantly struction can be found in stories baths, and their eyes were after their

blessed in their temporal affairs as taken from the scriptures, the history fathers'idols."(Ezekiel 20:1924.)

well as in spiritual needs. Did not of the Church, biographies of the President Joseph F. Smith once

the Lord say through Malachi that brethren who performed wonderful wrote to two of his daughters who he would bless us abundantly if we work in the early days of the Church. were in the east attending college

would keep his commandments? (See Thus the Sabbath day can be made in answer to a letter from them in

Mai. 3:1619.) Surely his promises attractive during the hours between which they asked him a similar quesdo not fail. Sunday School and the sacrament tion to the one here asked in behalf

It is true the Sabbath day was not meeting in the evening. In this way of the Mia Maids. In the letter he

given to man, just as a whim and to pitfalls of the picture shows and the said after quoting Exodus 20:8-11:

please the Lord, or to take away from other unwholesome amusements will "All things should be done with man the opportunity to do what he be avoided. You ask if it is wrong prudence and in moderation. This

is wont to do on the six days of the to take rides on the Sabbath, to view is the command. It is binding upon

week. He did it because it is for television and listen to the radio. us. There are sound religious reaman's good. The spirit calls for it. Certainly it is not in harmony with sons for it and physiological reasons

One day out of seven is essential for the day to view shows on crime not less sound. Indeed it is a physical

the spiritual feeding of both spirit and scenes of murder, banditry, and as well as a divine law. Those who

and body. Learning the things of the other things contrary to the spirit of heed it will reap the reward of obekingdom of God is essential to our the gospel; and it must be admitted dience to divine law, and enjoy the

eternal existence. Thus we are that these dominate the picture shows. benefits of the physical law. It is

guided in our progress towards perSo far as my practice is concerned, not less needful to the human being not so speedilyfection in the kingdom of God. Surethe radio and television are not than sleep—although

ly, for our own eternal good, we turned on in the home on the Sabfelt. No one can live without sleep,

should be willing to devote onebath day, except it be to listen to neither can one survive long without is no moreseventh of our time in religious study religious sermons or other programs rest. The result of sleep

potential to prolongation of life than asand reflection, has and the Lord sponsored never Church. by the We the Sabbath rest, although may we asidepointed out, lay ocdaily our riding the go automobile Sabon

cupations and obtain rest from such bath except in the line of religious survive longer without the latter than labors and pay our devotion to the duty and appointment. the former, speaking from a physical

Most High in the house of prayer One of the charges the Lord point of view. From a spiritual point

in the spirit of fasting that our joy brought against Israel, which brought of view the wilful violation of the law may be full. upon them their punishment and of sabbath rest is as deadly to moral

is faith, as growth sleepless the and

Israel, of dispersion the from land things are today, of As us none eye to the being. mortal the But fact in large that the measure wasgives too time to the developmuch

is, it! great point has said God and of the the been law Sabbath had of spiritual natures. ourment The for his for not well but man's own broken. of Ezekiel voice the the by Saints areLatterday not burdened being; If therefore he should obey.

to at of said the the time Lord themwith the concerning knowledge does will he not to he have the abide captivity Jewish principles of gosfundamental the consequences both temporal and "I the your Lord God; walk am It all,pel. us, to behooves one and * * * spiritual to himself.give more diligent heed to these in my statutes, and keep my judgthings. As early as September 1832. ments, and do them; "To those who love human pleasures of pursue duties them, the and sabbaths; hallow and "And my tothe said the Lord Church:

life, life, essential the parts of are shall sign a they be between and me I give unto "And a comyou now irksome, dry, pleasureless, seemingly I you, that that the ye may know am to concerning bewaremandment valueless. their will But pleasure your God. Lordyourselves, to diligent give to heed fade their will joy away, perish and rethe children "Notwithstanding

life. of eternalthe words their the and leave but ashes of them belled against in not they me: walked

"For you shall live by every word my statutes, neither kept my judgtreasure, with hopeless regrets.

that proceedeth forth from the mouth ments to do them, which if a man do, "Honor the Sabbath day and keep of God. he shall even live in them; they polit holy; and you will know more

"For the word of the Lord is truth, luted my sabbaths: then I said, I about it."(Conference Report, Oct.

and whatsoever is truth is light, and would pour out my fury upon them, 1938, pp. 3839.)

whatsoever is light is Spirit, even the to accomplish my anger against them On another occasion President

Spirit of Jesus Christ."(D. & C. in the wilderness. Joseph F. Smith said:

84:4345.) "Nevertheless I withdrew mine "To observe the Sabbath day propIt is true that small children wonhand, and wrought for my name's erly is the plain duty of every Latterder why they are not to play, go to sake, that it should not be polluted day Saint—and that includes the

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

young men and the young women and the boys and girls. It may seem

strange that it should be necessary to repeat this oftenasserted fact; but

there appear to be some people, and Favorite of thesometimes whole communities, who neglect this duty, and therefore stand in need of his admonition.

to do on arc we required "What whole family day?the The revelations Sabbath

of the Lord to the Prophet Joseph

Smith are very plain on this subject, and these should govern us, for they are in strict harmony with the teachings of the Savior. Here are some of

the simple requirements: - '''"r-

"The Sabbath is appointed unto you to rest from your labors.

"TheSabbath is a special day for you to worship, to pray, and to show zeal and ardor in your religious faith and duty—to pay devotions to the

Most High. "The Sabbath day is a day when you are required to offer your time and attention in worship of the Lord, PpSfUM whether in meeting, in the home, or wherever you may be—that is the

thought that should occupy your mind. * * *

"The Lord is not pleased with people who know these things and do them not. * * *

"Men are not showing zeal and ardor in their religious faith and duty when they hustle off early Sunday morning in cars, in teams, in autoThis large 8-ounce jar of Instant Postum makes up to 100 cups!

mobiles, to the canyons, the resorts, and to visit friends or places of amusement with their wives and arechildren. not paying They their Instant Postum contains in this todevotions the Most way

High."(Ibid., October 1935, page

15.) no caffein or other drug

The Transformation of Helen Rich and mellow—that's Instant Postum. It gives you all the

(Continued from page 30) warmth and satisfaction you crave from a good hot drink. Yet it

drugs or stimulants of any kind. The day of the party came but no contains no caffein—no

Gerald. Helen had brought a small It's easy to prepare, too—just add hot water or warm milk.

bottle of hair oil. One o'clock—and Children love their milk mixed with Instant Postum—then their

it was time for the party. All workadrink looks like mother's and dad's

day materials had been hidden away.

The children were dressed in their The whole family will enjoy Instant Postum, and it costs less best clothes. Helen was very pretty than a penny a cup! You can't afford not to try it! Another wonin her tailored plaid cotton, but she derful General Foods product.

wasn't thinking about how she looked.

She was worrying about Gerald. She

was so absorbed by Gerald's absence that she wasn't even envying Barbara's rose taffeta that made herblondness so desirable. Instant Postum

"I guess he couldn't get the shirt,"no caffein she said at last.

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1955 39 THE TRANSFORMATION OF HELM (Concluded from preceding page) self from a situation beyond my busy now. On Monday morning

Just then the door opened, and depth, Helen came up and patted her everything will be in order. She

the back. smiled at me, put her arm on Helen'sGerald came in—a new Gerald—new mother on

best, I think, shoulder with pride in the simplehair cut—new cords—a rancher type "We can thank her

by cleaning the schoolhouse,"she gesture, and they swept from theshirt—hair oil—everything.

"Just in time, Gerald,"I said. said in her blunt voice. "Teaching is room, but Helen turned back at the

"Choose your partners, boys, and a very hard job. Can't we have door to speak to me.

take your places for 'Old Arkansas.'Papa send one of the hired men over "You needn't worry any more about

to clean the schoolhouse?"Gerald,"she said. "He says he can

"You look spiffy, Gerald,"Barbara Mrs. Talbot rallied nobly. "We'll keep looking nice most of the time

made honorable amends. do just that, Helen. The men aren't now."

Gerald didn't seem to see or hear her. He took Helen's hand, and (JsJSDXD&viNiS

they ran to the head couple position.

"Do I look all right, Helen?"he

c=JLi.me... %asked, but not anxiously. Sv Jtaiaktf

"Perfect,"Helen said, and sighed Richard L. Evans

happily.

Helen had reason to be happy. W/e recall once more the mathematical maxim that

Gerald danced every dance with her. "straight line is the shortest distance between two

Barbara couldn't inveigle him away points."In a day when so many people find themselves

although she tried. Gerald just didn't paying a price for forgetting it, this rule of life would

seem to see or hear her. I was rewell be unforgettably remembered. In the first place, in

lieved. When I saw Gerald dressed forgetting it, there follows the factor of inefficiency—for a

in his party splendor, I realized that person who departs from a straight course almost inevitably he was betterlooking than Bob, and carries on a conversation with his conscience. And a person

my heart sank. Would Helen be who is carrying on a conversation with his conscience can't

humiliated again—fat, kindhearted be very efficient. It is difficult to do two things at once, for

little Helen! They were dancing the any of us. And if we have our minds on things we shouldn't

last dance when I saw something I have done, we aren't so effectively thinking of the things should have seen sooner. Helen and we should be doing. Uneasiness within always adversely

Gerald were the bestlooking and the affects efficiency. Then there is also the question of the

bestdancing couple on the floor. ability to turn back. There is a time, to begin with, in the

Helen with her brown hair brushed decisions of all of us, when right or wrong is only a matter and glossy, her brown eyes alight of one step—a step straight forward, or a side step. But

with happiness, the skirt of her crisp the farther we go on any wrong road, the more time we lose, plaid cotton swirling as she danced, and the more costly it is to turn back. It was Montaigne who

was proud as a peacock. I was flooded remarked that "The births of all things are weak and tender,

with sudden happiness. Then I felt and therefore we should have our eyes intent on beginnings;

a presence pierce my satisfaction...."The beginnings of habits are small and weak. The

Mrs. Talbot was there—a new, silent beginnings of falsehoods are small and weak. The "little"

Mrs. Talbot. compromises of honesty, the "little"forms of cheating, the

infractions of law, the unauthorized "borrowing"(so- I concluded, "Promenade all—You small

know where and I don't care. Take called) of something that isn't ours, the inconspicuous little

your partner to a nice, soft chair."lie—all such beginnings, all such departures from a straight

insignificant at first, but, they line, if unchecked, seem may inchildren and ran whooped The is difficult point to the back and costly where turning move myselfto schoolyard. I nerved the

(but not nearly so costly as not turning back!). Happiness

for another encounter with Mrs. Talobject of there simply isn't any and the aim all of us—andbot. I held out my hand to her, but is

there isn't satisfying happiness to be found, sincere any and leaned seized bothshe and my hands fell way to peace of mind, except to move straightforwardly tears to kiss them.over Her

integrity, to truth apology with and no and withwarm and wet against my lingers. forward,

us, inside to to the of us all, or or Father man, make to any "Helen is all right,"she said broourselves. In matters of character and conduct, as well as

kenly. "She can learn. She can dance. in mathematics, a straight line is the shortest shortcut—the

She is all right."The tails of her shortest distance between two points.

long, expensive fur tickled my ankles.

9 l/l/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE"How can I thank you?"she sobbed. Jhe Jpoken7

I was very much embarrassed. And PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

I felt silly, having thought her too SYSTEM, OCTOBER 31, 1954 selfish to care about her little girl. Copyright, 1954

While I was trying to extricate my40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Value Beyond Price You can't beat the Case "VAC14"(Continued from page 19) LowSeat Tractor for fuel econter and of truth is the principle of the omy, low upkeep and savings in eternal nature of the human soul, time and labor... all costreducing

including a preexistence that antebenefits. You also enjoy comforts

dates the laying of the foundations and conveniences that spare your of the earth. The Bible makes clear strength all through the day...

the antemortal existence of Christ, speedy 3-point Eagle Hitch...

and contains in Isaiah 42:6 and shockfree steering... low, roomy

Jeremiah 1:5 and possibly elsewhere, platform and low "Bodyguard"

brief unexplained statements regardseat with torsional rubber springs ing the foreordination of certain in-... plus instantacting Constant

dividuals. Jude refers to the disHydraulic Control.

obedient angels who "kept not their first estate"(verse 6) but neither here nor elsewhere in the Bible is this "first estate"explained or even mentioned further. Jude refers only

to the disobedient spirits and says nothing here about any relationship to the human family. It remained

for the Pearl of Great Price to explain the valuable truth that the other spirits who were obedient earned for themselves the privilege of a mortal experience. In Abraham is the promise that "... they who keep their

first estate shall be added upon;...

and they who keep their second estate shall have glory added upon their heads for ever and ever."(3:26.)

One of the great values in religious thought lies in this designation of the mortal probation as the "second estate"(nowhere mentioned as such New PivotAction Plow keeps ail in the Bible) which is one of the key bottoms cutting full width on curves concepts that opens up to our underand contours. Mounts in a minute

standing the great principle of eternal on Eagle Hitch. BreakAway safety

progression. release uncouples plow on striking '"Ji;

Passing now from the oldest scripstump, stone or other obstacle... reture in the world to one of the newcouples by backing tractor.

est, we have on page 59 of the present edition of the Pearl of Great Price the statement of beliefs that we call mmiM the Articles of Faith, which we have officially accepted as a part of this little volume of scripture. In the

Articles of Faith are two valuable ideas which at the time of their promulgation were altogether foreign to the thinking of most of the Christian denominations of that day.

One of these is the clear statement in article nine that we believe that

God "will yet reveal many great and important things pertaining to the Design of front wheel assembly... plus two tie rods.

Kingdom of God."This flatly conprovides same action and response as your automobile.

tradicts the idea that prevailed in Trails true at fast or slow speeds... in rough fields or

Christendom a hundred years ago, to surfaced roads... without shimmy or whip. Has unthe effect that the canon of scripusually short turning radius. Choice of two models—

ture was full and that revelation had WideTread or Standard. Both have welded, allsteel conceased with the Apostles of Christ. struction... high clearance under axles, yet low, easy

The doctrine of acceptance of modern loading. See your Case dealer for a demonstration. Send

(Concluded on following page) for catalogs to J. I. Case Co., Dept. A-445, Racine, Wis.

JANUARY 1955 41 VALUE BEYOND PRICE (Concluded from preceding page) ideas; words are merely the tools with truth that neither the Bible nor any

and future revelation opens up a valuwhich the translation is accomplished. other sacred text can, in full measable field for the acquisition of It seems evident, therefore, that we ure, be the word of God unto us

knowledge through religious sources must go deeper than mere textual except as far as we translate it corinstead of binding us down within accuracy, and realize the valuable rectly into our own understanding.

Biblical limits; and, coupled with

that "If in Article 13 statementthe or /TsS&SiS1?? lovely, virtuous,there is anything

of good report or praiseworthy, we

it opens things,"after up theseseek nnlvia 4wau jrwm, field the religious wholeto the mind of truth, whether revealed through pascriptures, discovered or bythe deKe5pon6ibiutu research, ortient experiment and veloped by the establishment of preRichard L. Evans

viously unknown laws or principles, or in any other manner. All truth is rPHERE are moments when most of us rise above ourGod's truth; not all of it is yet known *- selves and our surroundings and sense the glory of

to us, but more and more of it may service and see beyond the tiresome routine of some of yet be revealed or discovered. the things we do each day. Those are glorious moments.

For final mention, we may take But perhaps there is no man or woman who lives through article eight: "We believe the Bible life without feeling at times deeply discouraged and weighed

to be the word of God as far as it down with responsibilities. Perhaps there never was a mother

is translated correctly."Here is anwith her children around her, who couldn't find cause to

other valuable truth, not generally become discouraged with the work of the home weighing recognized a hundred years ago, to heavily upon her, with the many unmentioned duties that the effect that human errors have never quite get done, or that seem so quickly to be undone.

here and there crept into the sacred And perhaps there never was a father who was faced with record. Acceptance of this truth the problems of providing for a family who couldn't somemakes unnecessary any such untentimes feel weighed down with the weight of all that was

able defense of scriptural infallibility dependent upon him. Fortunately we face these things as

'as has embarrassed some in other they come, and usually our power to do grows with what churches. Also, it cuts the ground has to be done. But sometimes the load may look too heavy,

out from under much of the socalled the tasks too tedious, the work too wearisome, and at tired "higher criticism,"since the finding and discouraging times there may, at times, be temptation of mere textual errors does not into run away from responsibility. Thoreau once wrote: "That

validate the fundamental integrity of we have so little faith is not sad, but that we have so little the scriptural record but deals only faithfulness. For by faithfulness, faith is earned."Blessedly

with the specific accuracy of the refor all of us, generation after generation of the good people cording in the particular version unwho are our forebears somehow found a way to face their der study. responsibilites—with faith, and faithfulness. And we owe

The term translated however, is it to the past to do no less in the present, and for the future.

greater than the mere words to which No man, no woman, no parent, no provider, no person can it is applied. Translate is defined, in possibly find any sincere satisfaction in running away from

the latest (1950) Standard Dictionary responsibility. In the first place, anyone who runs away

accessible to me, as: "To give the from responsibility loses part of his selfrespect. In the second

sense or equivalent of, as of a word or place, he can't run away from himself. Granted that somean entire work, in another language; times some things seem all but unbearable. Granted that

to give form to ideas; also, to interany household, any assignment, any situation can become

pret; hence, to explain in other trying, burdensome, boring. But life is a test of faith and

words."Translation, in the full faithfulness. And for the sake of others as well as of oursense, deals with the elucidation of selves, for the sake of being able to face our Father in

heaven without a sense of shame, we shouldn't run away.

"... by faithfulness, faith is earned"—and so is happiness,

and so is peace of mind, and so is selfrespect. God help us

CELESTIAL CHANGE to have the faith and faithfulness to endure to the end to continue in faithful performance.

By Oren R. Brown

SQUARE PROM TEMPLE Word SpoLn like a spider arrives night DL The web, soft, dark a BROADCASTING THE COLUMBIA Weaving KSL AND OVER PRESENTED

Snaring capricious little stars SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 7, 1954

With every wellplaced thread. Copyright, 1954

42 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On the Bookrack (Concluded from page 10) authoritative way in which the subjects are discussed.

This is a book for every thinking Latter-day Saint.

THE WORLD AND THE PROPHETS (Hugh Nibley. Deseret Book Company,Salt Lake City. 242 pages. $2.50.) uu

Dr. Nibley has done his usual scholarly work in this book which indi- y ef

cates how the world reacted to the prophets from the earliest time down to the present. The author tells what the

characteristics and qualities of a prophet are and contrasts them with the qualities of a rhetorician, mystic, and philosopher.

This book is a challenging analysis Salt Lake's of The World and the Prophets. It ends

on a note of high hope since if people most popular dining spot will live according to the word of God as revealed through his prophets they will find joy both here and hereafter.

THE CONTENTS, STRUCTURE, C O F F E AUTHORSHIPAND OF

THE BOOK OF MORMON (J. N. Washburn. Bookcraft, Salt Lake SHOP

City. 1954. pages. 244 $3.00.) Hotel Utah Max Carpenter, Wkmager is the result book of long and This careful study of, and thorough Bring the children—we love

familiarity with, the Book of Mormon.

The author considers the several books separately, with regard to inner complexity and consistency, literary criteria, language, setting, name patterns, and other factors. This study demonstrates strongly that, while there are similariPUTTING THE

ties consequent on all the books having are there translated been by one man, in the differences also significant between DO YOU works of the many original authors, whose respective styles still shine The three words that spell magic for through, even in the English translamodern living in any home are these:

tion. Do It Yourself. And in the Interguide everybody's West, mountain is perfervid of the defense Here no

is living DoIt-Yourself better for fact, author the does nowhere faith—in TriSalt Lake Magazine, The HOME exdefensive. the avoids on go He

supplement. exlcusive Sunday bune's exstates of those tremes, and some

... plans patterns and finds Father His avoids tremes them. he and why and sewing home learns new Mother thorough, painstaking seems and work

... Brother Sister and decorating reader as so to the not bog profound but

crafts in and hobbies learn HOME technicalities. cautious in His down

life better and Better Sunday. every

great of patient mass the assembling and and the in starts home, living HOME is skilful conof a data and cumulative heart the reaches that is the Magazine multiple of the demonstration vincing facet is another the of home. HOME of Mormon. of the Book authorship Tribune's proud of Salt Lake The—S. B. T. as role

LES GO SCRAPBOOK (Les Goates. Bookcraft, Salt Lake City. The Tie That Binds the

82 pages. $1.00.) Intermountain West

Here are nearly a hundred of the of this veteran brief writings newslp g>alt IGak? JLxibmx? of subjects range columnist. The paper

is wide, from philosophy to fantasy, One of America's Great Newspapers from sermonettes to sport thrills, from inspirational to merely funny, from profound prose to doggerel verse.—S. B. T.

JANUARY 1955 43 Controlling the Past

(Continued from page 22) quotation. But how representative is rffedt"Pfe

even better than Mother's used to Onea selectionneed ofonlyoneexaminepage in aKirch'sthousand?Enfor answer. 12 the Aside from

prejudice, I—thanks to Morning Milk and this chiridionall policy necessheer and

FREE Recipe Book! sity has brought it about that what

has been handed on from generation to generation as standard church hisPie is America's favorite dessert—and

made the modern way your pies can have tory is a growing accumulation of a richer flavor and smoother texture carefully handpicked evidence.

than they've ever had before. Just But the business of control does not

follow the easy recipes in Morning end with the selecting of evidence.

Milk's new "Perfect Pies"booklet—Once our texts have been chosen

first to offered Improvement Era for presentation, we discover that readers. of course, And, use

Morning Milk. No other form of they are all without exception in an

milk gives you such superior imperfect and fragmentary state, baking and cooking results. marred by scribal slips, emendations,

interpolations, and deletions. GenTo get your FREE copy of erations of careless, or (what is far

"Perfect Pies"just write a more dangerous) careful and delibletter or postal card to erate scribes have been busy day

Morning Milk, and night at the game of controlling

P. O. Box 176IE, the past by altering the texts they

Salt Lake City, Utah. were supposed to be copying, and as

often as not the alterations have been

There's no substitute for intentional. And what is the cure

for this? More correction! The conscientious, modern editor proceeds to MORNING MILK control his text by reconstructing it

to say what he believes the original should have said. Such reconstructions are not always infallible. In

Your Bookdealer has.. fact, in the opinion of most scholars,

the reconstructions perpetrated by GRIND most other scholars are pretty bad.

miROWN Once the church historian has

HOUR! pickedpassagesoutto thecall mostto thehighlywitnessfavoredstand

and, as a textual critic, carefully

Enjoy finer flavor tidied them up and brushed their and greater hair to make a favorable impression nutrition of for his client (the client being the wheat whole

... Gospel church of his choice—for most church grain

freshly ground! historians are professional churchmen) a most effective control still

is every food element Everincreasing for remains; before the Ideals evidence can retained! TOWRITE

in popularity for prices—FREE DAY it be the general heard public, by Everyone that knows facts! recipes—food other bread cereal and

is translated. be must Translation with foods whole made SPECIAL

freshly grain ground far effective a FLOUR aggressive more and OFFER—is far tastier richer and introfor Send coupon

in healthgiving nutriof controlling the past way than 5-1 offer ductory b- of it's ments. the And—pkg.. Smith Deaf wheat people suppose. most wise where somehome flour, richAmerica's

it. is thing done about in est elements, food

of selecting, business restoring, The select or Wis. -Minn., efficient, the Rapid—flour wheat stone Electric—Lee Household is translating texts pertinent and one it's ground the day Selections the from Mill Flour reduces whole

shipped. fluffy for flour grain calls to for that the exercise constant of Discourses of fraction a penny a

LEE CO. ENGINEERING of the judgment constant all,*: and making of Best a pound.

it's STONE GROUND—Milwaukee 3, Wis. of choices. To enable the scholar to

Dept.,LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY, O.G.

3,2023 Wis. PRESIDENT choose between two or more equally Ave., Milwaukee W. Wisconsin

authentic but conflicting passages, 5-lb. Postpaid. pkg. FLOUR, SMITH DEAF Only $1.50 DAVID O. McKAY

lb. 5- Postpaid. pkg. FLOUR, WIS. -MINN. Only $1.00 equally between conplausible but

Name flicting readings of the passage cho- $4.00 Street sen, and between equally grammatical

City State but conflicting translations of the 44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA text thus selected and restored, he invariably adopts some rule or policy in the light of which one interpretation will always enjoy a clear priority, thus obviating the necessity of giving serious consideration to the others. Let us consider the wellestablished principles upon which the

experts operate.

BIBLIOGRAPHY

Tertullian, De praescript., c. 29.

2Regarding Latourette's church history,

E. A. Payne writes in the Journal of Theological Studies, XLVII (1946), 151: "There

is always danger of a metaphor once adopted becoming master instead of servant. One cannot escape the feeling that

Dr. Latourette finds his diminishing periods

of recession a little too neatly and easily."

''Karl Bilhmeyer, Kirchengeschichte, Pt. I,

Das Christliche Altertum (Paderborn:

Schoningh, 1951), pp. If.

TIeinrich Bornkamm, Grundriss Stadium der Kirchengeschichte (Giitersloh: zum Put Your Car in His Hands

C. Bertelsmann, 1949), p. 14.

Pfeiffer, 5R. H. "Facts in and Faith

Biblical...With Confidence History,"Journal Literaof Biblical

ture 70 (1951), p. 10.

"Ibid., p. 3.

7Caes. Baronius, Anno 1077, quoted in Utoco dealers believe in service. They know that the best service

Thomas Comber, Roman Forgeries, etc. they can give you is the peace of mind that goes with driving a

(London, 1695), p. 189. wellcared-for car.

sAd. von Harnack, der Lehrbuch Dognearby Your Utoco car—tomengeschichte (Tubingen: Mohr, 1931), it needs oil and when II, know dealergrease—whatis in businesskindto knowand where.your63f.

is the allweather UW. Volker, "Von welchen Tendenzen He will explain why Utoco 1030 Motor Oil

liess sich Eusebius bei Abfassung seiner oil, which gives quick starts on cold days yet provides complete 'KG'leiten?"Vigiliae Christianae, IV protection in warm weather... why it cuts friction drag to make

(1950), 157, 159f. possible gasoline savings up to two gallons in a tankful... why

mIbid., p. 180. Utoco Gasoline assures quicker starts, with knockfree performance...

Olaf Linton, Das Problem der Urkirche why his Specialized Lubrication Service is so important to your in der neueren Forschung (Uppsala: Almcar's life.

quist & Wiksell, 1932), pp. 9-10 & passim. Utoco's constant research makes its products better. Utoco's

Conrad Kirch, Enchiridion Fontium trained, experienced dealers know how to help you make the best use

Historiae Ecclesiasticae Antiquae (Barceproducts. of Utoco

lona: Herder, six 1947). The hundred Trust your car to your Utoco dealer. Stop at Utoco today

of thispages famous are taken handbookup entirely with short, carefully chosen exand drive your car away—with confidence.

cerpts, obviously and sometimes violently forced into a prearranged historical framework.interested—andAs soon ascurious—-regardingthe reader begins a to pasget

sage, the text is, as it were, snatched from his hands by the zealous editor. You expect morefrom (utoco ) andyet iff

UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

We Are Not Alone in Life Now in our 46th Year (Continued from page 17) in been You who have hurt—hurt

hearts, in spirit, hurtyour you who Buy this sturdy Danishnow ABLESKIVERavailable Pan$2.98

offended been have withhave and a litWHEAT MILL yourselves become anddrawn tle not be alone. Grindspounds upof flourto IV2or aloof—you need

The door is open. cereal per minute.

Everyone of You queswho have Scandinavian unanswered descent $5.95—"tions (which all of us have); you who knows about

are of torn between teachings the -till jjs '|i \0.. \(.. Postpaidin Americaanywhere ABLESKIVERSAsk Grandma teachers,contending are conwho

fused by conflicting theories: Keep

faith. Reserve judgment. Be paSend me: ABLESKIVER WHEAT MILL

tient. God lives. He is the source Name

of all truth, and where there seem Address to be discrepancies, it is simply beStateCity 2102 South 11th East, Salt Lake Citity, Utah (Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1955 45 WE ARE NOT ALONE IN LIFE Son,but inourtheSaviorhandsandof Redeemer,him to whomofferedhis (Concluded from preceding page) We would testify to all who hear this sublime prayer:

cause we do not know enough. The this day of the living reality of him Our Father which art in heaven, Haltheories of men change swiftly, but who did make us in his own image lowed by thy name.

"The glory of God is intelligence,"that he lives, that he has spoken, Thy kingdom come. Thy will be done in

(D. & C. 93:36) and there is no that he does speak; that he sent his earth, as it is in heaven.

truth in all the universe that the Son into the world, who is our Savior Give us this day our daily bread.

Father of us all would not wish you and of whose divinity this day we And forgive us our debts, as we forgive debtors. testify; the and that heavensto have our seek and to canman accept—for temptation, into but lead us not And in this been opened day and dispeninnot be "saved (Ibid., ignorance."

evil: is the kingthine deliver For us from

131:6.) Keep an open mind and sation. dom, and the power, and the glory, for

an open heart and a teachable spirit. We are none of us alone in life, ever. Amen. (Matthew 6:9-13.)

"Seek learning, even by study and also by faith."(Ibid., 88:118.)

And you who are young, who have ambitions for the future, but whoface serious uncertainties: Go forward Jkanksalulna—tke fruits of faitk

and live your lives with faith. Look

far ahead; decide on some good goal. Richard L. Evans

Study, work, and prepare yourselves. Tn its own way, Thanksgiving is the evidence of the fruition

Make solid plans and pursue solid A of faith. It is, in fact, "the substance of things hoped

don't place unduepurposes and for"1—the symbol of the harvest that follows faith—with the trivial passing,emphasis on the

fruits of the field before us, the things that give us sustenance,pleasures. When the proper time

comes, make your homes and have the rich, the bounteous blessings which are ours, by the goodyour families, and face your probness of God, because someone had the faith to plow and to lems with faith. Your Father in plant and because God gave the increase. So now we have

heaven knows and understands you, our harvest. And so much else we have also: life itself, for

and will help and lead you to happiwhich each morning gratefully we should thank God as we ness and usefulness here, and to your wake to the wonder of a new day, and know that there is high destiny hereafter, if you will yet a little time to do some things we should have done, time keep close to him and take him into yet to move once more among the beloved, familiar places and your confidence. people that we sometimes see with unseeing eyes—and someAnd you who have lost your loved times take too much for granted. When we see a photograph

ones: You are not alone. God, who of something familiar, we sometimes see something we haven't

is the Father of the spirits of all men, seen in the thing itself. Or when we see through the eyes

has sent us here from his presence of an artist—a painting, perhaps, of something we have come

until he calls us to return. And our to consider as commonplace—we find that the artist has

loved ones who have left us will alfound for us something we couldn't see for ourselves. And

ways be themselves, and we may see at this thoughtful season we well could turn our eyes to and know and be with them again, see many cherished things as if we hadn't seen them—to

always and forever—if we will but see, as if first seen, the goodness of all that God has given:

take the steps that lead to eternal life, our loved ones, food, work, and such surpassing blessfamily reunion. They are nearer to ings as freedom (which is not so common as some of us might

us than we know. have supposed), and the simple, wonderful, solid, sustainWe are none of us alone in life. ing things—with life to enjoy them, with loved ones and

We belong to an eternal family. We friends to share them, with freedom to use them, with gratebelong also to one another—and God, ful hearts to acknowledge them. Yes, Thanksgiving is the

who made us in his image, is the evidence of faith, and of the goodness of God, and of the

Father of us all. And there is jusblessing of willing work. God give us the good sense to step

tice and mercy and fair and adeaside and see some things as if we had never really seen all for of opportunity us fromquate of gratitude that the never give could us of them—and has mindful been is andhim who to give grace the us our with bored become blessings—andkind

all, birth beforeus from and for Providence, our dependence acknowledge upon humbly through death and beyond. "in nothing doth man offend God, or against none is his

He is there and within our reach. wrath kindled, save those who confess not his hand in all

He will guide and enlighten and lift. things "2 Among the greater qualities of character,

of of comfort, truth, is the sourceHe among men and before God, is the great gift of gratitude.

of protection, of the peace that and passeth understanding, and the source of the sweet and satisfying assurance Jhe 2>DoktSpoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE that life and truth are limitless and PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING everlasting, and despite all problems SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 21, 1954 Copyright, 1954 and all perplexities we are not left 2D.!Heb.& 11:1.C. 59:21

alone in life.

Wheat and Other Foods for Man

(Concluded from page 23) will find the dark loaf of fine flavor and excellent palatability. Should a

famine encircle the land, or a catastrophe overtake us, I will feel a measure of security if I have an ample supply of wheat which can be made into brown bread.

An emergency store of food should contain several dry products other than wheat. Variety is the spice of

life even during troubled times. Such

a supply should contain those foods enjoyed by your family. Our high

priests'quorum made a consolidated purchase of beans and rice at wholesale prices. We selected four varieties of beans—red Mexican, white

navy, pinto, and large lima. Twentyfive pounds of each went into our

metal containers at cost of about ten dollars. We chose brownrice

over the white because of the higher food value. Fifty pounds cost us less

than seven dollars. At a local feed

mill I was able to purchase seventyThe NEW CURTIS Convertible Window five pounds of clean, yellow corn, at about three dollars'cost. When easy to dean inside or outside

processed in our hand grinder, it ghat's different—what's new-—about the window

makes a high grade of flavorful corn you see here? Just this: it's made of separate units which can be combined

meal. in almost unlimited variety to provide practically any style of window

Curtis Silcntite of ventilation? arrangement kind The—any By blending our finely ground entirely an in window new idea window represents beauty—Convertiblewindow

whole wheat, brown rice, and yellow comfort! Best of all, these Curtis windows are priced for modest budgets!

corn together, we have made pancake flour which we enjoy very much. MORRISONMERRILL & CO.

There are a number of practical Building Materials Distributors storage containers for dry foods.

Clean, steel barrels with tight lids are frequently used but are unwieldy when filled. Some prefer tengallon

milk cans for quantities under one hundred pounds, and heavy, galvanized garbage cans for large quantities. Milk cans have airtight lids and

convenient carrying handles. Garbage can lids fit snugly enough for

most purposes, and those cans have handles also. Various sizes are available.

The foods herein described cost a total of about forty dollars andweighed more than six hundred tONCHtS pounds dry weight. For our family

of four it represents a lot of food which will store conveniently in a 'I If H ffTTMsmall space. We use from it con11M

stantly and replenish our supply at regular intervals. The entire stock EVERYONE LOVES 1 HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S. f

should every over turned be two yearsfour seriously but never debe to JOLIY TIME d YEINKING'SLAS VEGAS,RESTNEVADAMOTEL pleted. Certainly these are not the 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET

only items we should have on hand, Deelicious! Dr.EdgarHaroldH. Foutz,B. Foutz,ManagerOwner

but they are a substantial beginning. OUTPOPS 'EM ALL! Beaulyrest Mattresses Throughout

JANUARY 1955 47 icemen to be active in local organInstructions from the First Presidency izations adjacent to their places of assignment, or where there is opporTo Those Having Responsibilities appointed by the army, navy, and air tunity for additional Church activity

With L.D.S. Servicemen in Military force, and frequently are assigned to at the military installation, L.D.S.

Camps serve in areas where there are large groups are to be organized. These

groups of Latterday Saint servicegroups are under the jurisdiction of

To: Stake Presidents; Members of men. Chaplains receive the ecclethe stakes and missions, and their

Stake Servicemen's Committees; siastical endorsement of the First representatives should attend and

Presidents; Mission Mission and meetings in the participate group as Presidency a condition precedent

District Supervisors Coordinaand possible. wherever to of the receipt their commissions.

tors; L.D.S. Chaplains; L.D.S. of groups these organization The set are repreapart as Church They Leaders. Group respective the approved by been has their sentatives in connection with

Dear Brethren: work with Latterday Saint servicechiefs of chaplains, but in each inWe are deeply concerned about men and carry on their activities with stance group representatives should

the welfare of Church members in these groups under the direction of consult with and gain the coopera- the armed services and desire that the general L.D.S. servicemen's comtion of the post chaplain, or if there

you brethren, who share with us the mittee, insofar as military regulations is none, then the commanding officer.

responsibility for their spiritual welpermit. When chaplains are staGroup leaders may choose their

fare, do all in your power to aid, tioned in stake or mission areas, they own counselors who should be set comfort, counsel, and care for these are to coordinate their activities with apart by the stake or mission reprebrethren. Accordingly, we are isthe stake or mission president under sentatives. Where groups are fairly

suing the following suggestions for whose direction the servicemen's prowell stabilized, the group officers your information and guidance. gram in that area is being carried should be presented to the group

The general L.D.S. servicemen's forward. members and receive a sustaining vote

committee, acting under the direction L.D.S. group leaders are appointed before they are set apart.

of the First Presidency and the from among the members of the When set apart, group leaders

Twelve, is to direct, supervise, and coarmed services who hold the Melare authorized to act in their official ordinate the Church servicemen's chizedek Priesthood. They are capacity for the duration of their

program. One member of this comchosen and set apart by stake and military service and no matter where

mittee is the Church servicemen's comission presidents or their reprethey may be stationed, unless such ordinator. sentatives, and their Church activiauthorization is withdrawn by the

Stake and mission presidents have ties are supervised by these brethren. general L.D.S. servicemen's commitbeen assigned the responsibility of Servicemen are to retain their memtee. If transferred to a location

handling all matters relative to this bership records in their home wards where an L.D.S. group is already orprogram in their respective areas. and branches unless they are more ganized, they are to join with the

Stake presidents are to appoint a or less permanently stationed in some group and support its activities. When

stake servicemen's committee, conother ward or branch. stationed in the area of a stake or

sisting of at least three members of Wherever possible, however, they mission, their right to function as a the high council and such other pershould attend the meetings and pargroup leader or assume the leadership sonnel as may be deemed necessary. ticipate in the activities of Church of any group is subject to the apThe high councilors appointed are to wards or branches near their military proval of the stake or mission presibe members of the stake Melchizedek locations. Local Church officers dent. When stationed outside the

Priesthood committee, the Stake are urged to arrange their meetings, area of any stake or mission, they

Aaronic Priesthood committee, and dances, entertainments, and various are expected to proceed on their own the stake committee for senior memChurch activities so that servicemen initiative to set up such groups and bers of the Aaronic Priesthood restationed nearby may attend and make such organizational arrangespectively. This committee is to participate. They should also superments as are deemed proper. In this

assume immediate charge and direcvise the conduct of servicemen who case they report directly to the gention of the program within the stake. attend their functions and see that eral L.D.S. servicemen's committee.

Mission presidents are to appoint the high standards which the Church Group leaders should not set apart such coordinators and supervisors teaches are maintained at all times. any officers of their organizations

for their missions and for the disBudget tickets issued to servicemen without the authorization of the stake tricts within their missions as their by their home bishops or branch or mission president, or if the group circumstances and needs require. It presidents are to be recognized and is outside the jurisdiction of a stake

may be wise to appoint one of the accepted by wards and branches or mission president, without the aucounselors in the mission presidency everywhere, but they are not transthorization of the general committee.

to assume the immediate direction of ferable from one serviceman to anWhen group leaders are set apart the program within the mission. other. they are to be given a certificate of

L.D.S. chaplains are selected and Where it is not feasible for servappointment, a copy of this book of

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA provided also there is opportunity for the converts to exercise their priesthood while in military service. It

should be understood in ordaining toPriesthood the priesthood that the Lord has not as yet authorized the bestowal of instructions, and their names and ganized wards or branches in stakes priesthood on those with Negro blood.

military addresses are to be reported or missions and who are in the armed e. Where there are no L.D.S.

to the general L.D.S. servicemen's services will be authorized only upon chaplains or where there, are no

committee. Group leaders should see the recommendation or approval of stake or mission officers to whom

that their current military addresses the bishop and stake president or they are responsible, those who have are on file with the committee. mission president where the record of been designated and set apart as

If Church members find themmembership is. The local brethren group leaders and who hold the Melselves stationed at a place where there are to process the recommendation chizedek Priesthood are given authoris no regularly set apart group in the usual way, insofar as they can ity to authorize baptisms and to orleader, then former missionaries or in the absence of the brother recomdain such baptized converts to the

others holding the Melchizedek mended, including the presentation Aaronic Priesthood.

Priesthood should assume the reof his name for a sustaining vote to 3. Those who are herein authorsponsibility of organizing our breththe proper Church meeting. The ized to perform ordinances outside of

ren into gospel study classes. If First Presidency, after receiving proper regularly organized branches or

there are no holders of the Melchizerecommendations from local offiwards are to forward at once to the dek Priesthood in the group then the cers, will authorize some qualified Presiding Bishop's office the full group members may choose one of Church officer or member to intername, age, date and place of birth, their number who holds the Aaronic view the young men in service so home address, military connection,

Priesthood to assume direction of the recommended and, if they find the name of father and mother and previgroup activities which may in such persons recommended to be worthy, ous Church affiliation, if any, with instances be limited to study classes, to attend to the ordinations authordate and place of baptism or ordinasocials, and the like. Those chosen ized. tion performed.

by the group to conduct their meet- 2. In cases where men have been 4. It should be explained to all

ings should be sustained by a vote converted to the gospel after entering baptized converts that as soon as of the group before they assume their the armed services, the regulation they return home and affiliate with positions. They are not to be set with respect to their baptism and some organized branch or ward, they

apart, and they do not have authorordinations in the priesthood will be should request their presiding officer ization to perform baptisms or ordinaas follows: to write to the Presiding Bishop's

tions, except as hereafter set forth. a. If they are within a territory office for a record of their baptism

In these cases where there is no where they have access to stake or or subsequent ordination.

regularly set apart group leader to mission organizations, the baptism is In the event there are individuals assume direction of the group, parto be performed under the authorizadesiring baptism where no one is ticular care should be taken to see tion of the officers of such stake or authorized to officiate, the nearest that no one assumes the responsimission. mission officer or chaplain should be

bility of conducting the meetings or b. If their circumstances are such advised of such request and plans be

administering the sacrament unless that it is not feasible to confer with made for the consummation of the his life is in conformity with Church the officers of a stake or mission, then baptism at the earliest available opstandards and his example is such as the Church servicemen's coordinator portunity; or, after one holding the

to command the respect of his assoappointed by the First Presidency Melchizedek Priesthood, located in ciates. may authorize the baptism of such that area, has received written auIf a regularly set apart group leader newly converted persons. thorization to perform the requested

is transferred to a location where one c. The Church servicemen's cobaptism from the proper authorities

of these study classes has been orordinators and stake and mission as herein set forth.

ganized, he is to become the presidpresidents are given authority to auThose authorized to perform baping officer and assume direction of thorize such baptized converts as are tisms and priesthood ordinations of all meetings, if sustained by the found worthy to be ordained to the brethren in the armed services are

Church members composing the Aaronic Priesthood after a lapse of expected to assure themselves that the group. a sufficient period to prove their persons for whom the ordinances are

We have authorized L.D.S. chapworthiness to hold the priesthood, performed are living pure, clean

lains to perform civil marriages. They provided there is opportunity for the lives and are not violating the laws

should use the same ceremony used convert to exercise his priesthood of chastity or other standards of the by bishops and stake presidents, a while in military service. Church.

copy of which will be furnished them d. Where there is no feasible With reference to the administerupon request. access to a missionary organization, ing of spiritual comfort to boys of

The following instructions govern L.D.S. chaplains are given authority other faiths, chaplains are advised

baptisms and priesthood ordinations to authorize baptisms and the ordinato give all the comfort they possibly of persons in the armed services: tions to the Aaronic Priesthood of can to the boys of all denominations

1. Ordinations in the priesthood of these new converts only, provided subject to the limitation that our

brethren who are members of orthey are found to be worthy, and (Concluded on page 62)

JANUARY 1955 49 ThePresiding

Aaronic Priesthood Program Set To Make The New Year Passing The Sacrament To

A Record Breaker The Presiding Authority

following instructions apmore should individual Aaronic Priesthood The be awards. J- carefully observed theWeproachedfeel thata newweyearhavewithneveras many when passing

reasons to expect the very best records Secretaries of ward committees and sacrament to the presiding authority in and achievements as we do 1955. quorum advisers are delighted with the the sacrament meeting:

The changes announced last October "table of percentages"in the new 1955 1. Only the highest authority, who is

have been accepted without question roll books. They opine, "What a timesitting on the stand, is to receive the

or reservation of any kind. Fourteensaver that feature will be, and are we sacrament first. If a higher authority

yearold deacons were made happy that grateful!"chooses to sit in the congregation, he

they could now be ordained teachers. But, let us face the facts. The year will receive the sacrament in his turn

The sixteenyear-old teacher was happy just closed recorded some of the most with the other members of the Church.

If history. in records outstanding ourthat priest he could ordained be a now 2. is the to sacrament passed When is to pace, keep the on 1955 "watchmenand the presidency of come under the the presiding authority the stand, on better of past the not tower"dream hadbishop.

the deacon should to not from go one else victor's victories will the crown PriestAaronic combined ward The another in of recognition auother their awakening. passed have upon meeting, secondhood the from changed

thorities. will pass the sacrament He stake, the individual, ward, the Theto third the priesthood weekly meeting of the others in his each turn regardis to race breaks the tape the when who haseach with accepted month, been

less of office of he holds whether an is to likely very those be ended, among of will Thisenthusiasm. be change

not. or leadership

first to started the to get were and who to in benefitparticular overdeacons coming the objection of missing quokeep going. 3. No one in the congregation shall

rum meetings the first and second weeks receive the sacrament until it has been where they collect fast offerings on the passed to the presiding authority sitting fast day. on the stand. Boys from far and near are anxious Attention—All Boys

to receive and wear the new Aaronic

Priesthood pin to be given in recogniAnd Their Leaders tion of their having achieved four or Teachers To Assist In

Gathering Fast Offerings Eligibility Rules For Some bishoprics are inquiring as to what they are to do to get their fast

Priesthood Pin offerings gathered each month with fewer deacons available since worthy

If you are not acquainted with the fourteenyear-old deacons have been oraddition of an Aaronic Priesthood dained teachers.

inpin our program, award we refer The answer is simple:

this toyou page Improvement in The

Era for September 1954. Use the teachers in this assignment

The Aaronic Priesthood pin program whenever necessary. Gathering fast

began January 1, 1955 and will include offerings is as much the responsibility awards earned to that date. of the teachers, or even the priests,

The following rules will apply when when the bishop gives them this asestablishing eligibility for the pin: signment in order to cover the entire

1. Each Aaronic Priesthood bearer LARRY SAINSBURY ward each month.

must present to his bishop, four or more We should, be training our deacons individual Aaronic Priesthood awards away from any notion that when they they in priesthood the are advancedearned ordained since he was is of an example devotion which a deacon Here priesthood of their graduate any from receive to the pin.to be eligible are present. proud to we

2. An Aaronic Priesthood bearer, orLarry is a teacher in the Bridgeport responsibilities.

dained an elder at any time during Branch, Grand Coulee (Washington) We should be training our teachers 1954, may receive the pin if he can Stake. (and priests) in the same truth.

present to the bishop four or more inHe lives fortyfour miles (not blocks) dividual Aaronic Priesthood awards from the chapel and has never been earned since he was ordained a deacon. late for his priesthood or sacrament

3. No person who received the Melmeetings since he was ordained a find it so difficult to be on time at

chizedek Priesthood prior to January 1, deacon. their meetings when they live only a

1954 will be eligible for the Aaronic We are left to wonder why so many few miles away, or a few blocks, and

Priesthood pin. other boys, and sometimes their leaders, sometimes just around the corner.

50 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

wmmtBishoprics Page

Resourcefulness Vital In Award Record Presents Challenge For New Year

WarU leaCuin THE new year is an infant but e'er its Individual Aaronic Priesthood Awards

is our Aaronic run Priesthood course j ests 3 305 pr is Resourcefulness gift original an its leaders will that day, every know 5'o65 Teachers --- of us, for some a capacity which 9'775 filled are chaland week, 'month with "Deacons inherit, like we but other qualities of lenges effort wilI which ordinary ivi no Total Ind dua i Aaronic Priest-

P satisf chall hood of Awards 18,145 the The new t not it. do possess i i whowhnT r + j wfWeb- a- u naturallyT *to seals ofc affixed -rTotal 1 number of factr out the that, during,,,-,1954 ster, in defining resourcefulness, exindividual for perawards 100 appliPresidin aPPved it BishoPric as, plained ability "the to the necessary

at cent attendance priesthood for cations largest the of number awards meet unusual or demands sudden""",, meetings and sacrament 1,711 & earned during TIt needs. any is. one year that, our means one prepared m

for almost any emergency. Aaronic Priesthood award program. We suggest increased interest in both

The resourceful ward teacher is wellthe stake and ward Aaronic Priesthood equipped. Awards for has 1953 awards a since broad these understandHe Approved cannot be During 1954 earned

. ing its of the without functions, our giving Church and constant attention Makec, Aaromc.. Awards... 'Pnesthood. 12 t0 of a comprehensive knowledge the gosthe individua i bearer f the Aaronic

pel, a clear conception of the details Ward Aaronic Priesthood Awards.... 364 Priesthood,

of its operation, a knowledge of human nature, and the ability to meet and.

influence people. This remarkable qualfuchTs "ntemgenS wifdom, udIdous- A Message To Group Advisers of Senior Members

ness, tactfulness, knowledge, enthusiasm, confidence, faithfulness, devotion, TJave you watched the giant stratostreamline their approaches that they and loyalty. ** liners as they take off from the airmight minimize the frictions that they

David Starr Jordan, the first president port and soar into the sky for a preare bound to meet. It is well for them

of Stanford University said, "The world determined destination? They are the to prepare themselves for more effistands aside to let the man pass who results of dreams and of years of study ciency by a careful evaluation of tried

knows whither he is going."The reand hard work on the part of precision techniques, with the acceptance or resourceful ward teacher is in the same engineers. They represent the trial and jection of them as worthy or unworthy

position. He is capable of coping with error, try again and succeed, activities of of further use.

for prepares countless unusual situations. He mechanics and craftsmen. the great yg jts weu w j t }1 p i ane

for emergencies. an answer He has Group advisers must also become timed four powerfu] and engi

most questions. He is seldom confused much like the giants of the sky if they should the group adviser be powereds0

or less a are to carry or confounded. their rich cargoes He is more of salvafour witn motors success The m i ghty

Resourcefulness in his field. to specialist tion souls the inner of senior memlifti of both depends upon such and

to him is the handmaiden of success bers of the Aaronic Priesthood. It will, Mm,;nB n,.,or

in the ward teaching program. no doubt, be necessary for them to,1 he engines of r the, successfulc, group ad-,

,. viser are those of desire, selfconfidence,

action, and testimony. Little success

LONG BEACH SECOND WARD, LONG BEACH (CALIFORNIA) can be expected from one who doesn't

STAKE FETES AARONIC PRIESTHOOD IN TRIP TO YOSEMITE VALLEY have a sincere desire for it. He must

love each man he is responsible for with all his heart. He must develop

a confidence in his ability to succeed.

Bishop Arthur M. BoThis comes with an evaluation of himhis counselors and dme mission with tempered se jf and j

, their gave pr.j r Aaronic jri of gosstudy a the prayer frequent and, Priesthood an members

is of very action pel. immotor trip Wi*7 "'| The unforgettable hS|'.. \i"* '

the famous - bestthrough portant. and competent most The 'It—liB m. (Ca": ailey fails unless adviser he group informed t* K;

all of tor y056."1/forma) i i which j

to work. r-Contacts hlsi iknowledge *, Puts the li young seemed men KhimSKsi;-

most grateful. must be made. There are no good subAccompanying great enfor action. the stitutes The final

,.,. in addition men,

or conviction. ofr testimony. Sme 1S. that *'V--B'. f/ youngto Bodine, Bishop were

i his second counselor The group adviser who doesn't believe

Spongberg and v -, Jav important I tbat most.If

ol A. the Poole tmSmm Leland

. &&;&&'jmrr&ig-.::,-&&*.'ssita-i '**i*uv BunH Hn r alln men, andi thati thing,..,,.them thegospellivesis orthe council. stake high

activity in the Church will contribute more to true happiness, will be ineffective in his work.

JANUARY 1955 51 ii|BijgRjr

IRIS PARKER

Editor oaaysd b amily

A Tradition of Good Food With Mrs. Richard L. Evans

%.. -"'I.,- 'V'-m Alice Evans at East High, eat enough for two, and she never knows

whom they might bring home to dinner. Stephen, who

Alice Thornley Evans, wife of Richard L. Evans of is in junior high, and Billy in the fifth grade, have

the Council of the Twelve, cherishes many of the hearty appetites, too. So Alice cooks the kind of meals

'fastdisappearing, wholesome, homey traditions of they like—roasts, goulash, chicken dumplings, vegetables,

a generation or so ago, and many of these traditions cenand salads—and saves her fancy casseroles and main

ter around good food. course salads for days when she entertains, which she

Mrs. Evans'accomplishment as a cook and homedoes beautifully.

maker dates back to her childhood at her home in KaysFollowing are some of her recipes, everyday and ville when she watched her mother achieve magic in the holiday:

kitchen. Busy with her school and other activities, Alice Waikiki Pork Chops

did not the responsibility preparafor actual have meal salt Season chops with and pepper and dust them tion, learned but she helped and she and observed flour. to with skillet. sides in Brown them both on

appreciate good food. Before her marriage she began Upon each chop place a ring of canned pineapple

collecting recipes and hints for the homemaker. Today with a pitted prune in center. Between chops place carshe has numerous recipe books, recipe files, and scraprots, left whole or cut lengthwise. Add onehalf cup

books in which she has kept the fruits of her years of water or more. Cover closely and cook very slowly for

searching after food lore.

onehalf one hours. and platter. to hot Remove Make current holiday season has been delightful and The gravy from mixture over and pour in pan the chops.

oftypical since Alice the years Thornley became Mrs. parsley. with Garnish

Richard L. Evans. Her home is the focal point for many

of the good times of brothers and sisters and their families.

Every Thanksgiving there are approximately twentyfive people to dinner. Everyone goes to the football game and

then home to turkey and dressing, pumpkin and mince pie, and oldfashioned plum pudding. Alice admits that

all the desserts aren't necessary, but they are a tradition in the family. A holiday dinner wouldn't be a holiday

without the plum pudding, which was her grandmother's recipe. They have pumpkin pie in memory of the holiday

poem all the Thornley grandchildren used to recite, and which ended, "Hurrah for the Pumpkin Pie."Mince

pie is expected, too, since long ago in the childhood of all the Thornleys. Alice says her turkey dressing isn't

special, but is sounds delicious—and very nutritious. It

is rich with butter, savory with poultry seasoning, and loaded with vitamins, because in addition to onions and celery, she includes chopped carrots. The vegetables are

cooked in butter about twenty minutes, then added to finely crumbled stale bread. This is further moistened

with a little cream of mushroom soup or bouillon.

Alice's family of men like good, hearty heman meals, and when she cooks, it is for ten or twelve, not just six.

Her football players, Richard, Jr., in college, and John

—Courtesy General Foods, Inc.

Favorite dessert of the Evans family is pie.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA This is an easy main course when there are guests coming because it can be started early, and there is very little lastminute work attached to it. If the

chops are thick, they are more than FORECAST:

ample and very festive.

Shrimp Casserole

2 pounds large fresh shrimp 2 tablespoons salad oil 2 tablespoons lemon juice Put shrimp in twoquart casserole....choose a breakfast

Sprinkle with lemon juice and oil.

% cup raw rice

Cook, drain, and chill.

2 tablespoons butter or margarine

Y4 cup minced green pepper Y4 cup minced onions 1 teaspoon salt Yx teaspoon pepper }/s teaspoon cloves 1 can tomato soup, undiluted 1 cup cream or top milk

Saute pepper and onion in butter five minutes. Add other ingredients, including rice, and pour over shrimps.

For a party dish you may wish to add slivered almonds-—onefourth cup in

mixture and onefourth cup sprinkled on top. Sprinkle with paprika. Bake

about 45 minutes in 350 oven.

Green Rice 1r/WHEAT HEARTS rice 2 cups cooked 2 cups grated cheese

1 pepper, chopped green

1 tablespoon heaping chopped parsley the -Wcereal '/4 cup chopped onion oil salad cup!/3 recommended by beaten eggs 2

\y2 cups milk Salt to taste

Beat eggs, add oil, milk, and other ingredients. Mix well. Cover with a little extra grated cheese and bake bgtuiOiock&Lof GENERAL MILLS

fortyfive minutes in 350 oven.

Goulash "Creamy hot Wheat Hearts is extra good on damp rainy mornings,"says 3 pounds ground beef Betty Crocker of General Mills. "You

1 14ounce package elbow macaroni can serve it in just three minutes. It's

large onions, 2 ground so delicious, so nourishing."

large 2 cans (2 l/2 size) tomatoes (minus 1 cup of the juice) 6 times richer. Contains wheat germ—

% pound mild American cheese, grated 6 times richer in Vitamin B-l than whole 2 teaspoons celery salt wheat itself. Helps build energy

Salt and pepper to taste and vigor. Serve every day.

Cook macaroni in boiling salted water It's Sperry good!

until barely tender. Crumble meat

(half at a time) in a large frying pan or Dutch oven. Brown and drain off

excess fat. Set aside meat while onion AMERICA'S EIRST LADY OF FOOD

is cooked tender in part of beef dripSPERRY."'BETTY CROCKER,""WHEAT HEARTS,"ARE REG. TRADE MARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC.

(Concluded on following page) JANUARY 1955 53 KNOW YOUR L.D.S. COOKS

(Concluded from preceding page) English Plum Pudding pings. Drain off all excess fat and combine meat, onions, and macaroni in Pour one pint hot milk over one

dutch oven and put over low heat. Add pound stale bread broken in chunks. Let

tomatoes and seasoning and stir well. stand till cool. Then add the following:

Add grated cheese, part at a time, and 1 cup sugar fold down through goulash. Let sim- 8 egg yolks, beaten to a cream

mer gently long enough to blend flavors 1 pound seedless raisins the melt cheese.

1 currants pound If you're for rushed cooking time, omit citron or 1 pound } pound Be Modern andonion, salt. l/4 and 2 add teaspoons onion peel 1 mix \ fruit pound lemon

suet, ground 1 pound juice \ Live Don'tfor flavorbe andafraidhighto proteinuse lotsvalue.of cheeseAdd */4 cup fruit

to mushrooms make the dish more fes- 1 teaspoon nutmeg wish. tive, if you Electrically 1 teaspoon mace

W 1 teaspoon cinnamon Dumplings y2 teaspoon cloves 1 egg (beaten) Mix all together and add beaten

Y2 teaspoon salt whites of eight eggs. Prepare the day

Electricity l/2 teaspoon sugar before and cover closely. Fill large, welldoes so much, 2 tablespoons butter, melted greased shortening cans (threepound

milk cup Y4 costs so little. l cups J/2 sifted flour (enough to make size)on a racktwothirdsin a panfull. withCoverwaterand almostplace thin dough—not dry) to top of pudding. Boil gently six hours.

3 teaspoons baking powder (sifted This recipe belonged to Mrs. Evans'

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. with flour) Grandmother Bonnemort.

This pudding is good warmed over

Beat the egg and add remaining inheated in can as at first, or in top of gredients in order given. Stir until double boiler about one hour. Recipe

thoroughly combined. Spoon on top of makes two threepound cans. Serves 20

beef or chicken stew or (and this is to 24.

how Mrs. Evans does it) put some

chicken or beef broth—-about one inch

—in the bottom of a dutch oven or Creamy Sauce

other large vessel with a tight lid, bring Beat 1 egg until foamy. Add 4

the liquid to a boil, and spoon the tablespoons melted butter slowly, then dumplings into it. They will run to- 1 cup confectioner's sugar, sifted. Add

gether, but when they are done they one cup cream, whipped stiff. Add 1

will be separate. Steam, tightly covteaspoon vanilla.

ered, for fifteen or twenty minutes over low heat. Serve with stewed chicken The favorite dessert at the Evans

from the bones has been removed which *- house is pie—any kind—but pergravy with chicken and combined

haps first on the list is lemon. Apple (made from chicken broth).

This recipe is her mother's. runs a close second, and seasonal

favorites are pumpkin and mince.

Baked Cream Fish Fillets Alice says that she doubts that her recipes are different from the usual, 2 pounds fish fillets (sole or halibut) although she uses cloves in her pump-!/4 teaspoon salt and few grains pepper kin pie, which is not always cus-

'/4 teaspoon paprika tomary. She gives extra artistic

Juice of one lemon flourishes to her pies, and they are beautiful to behold.

Place fillets in greased, shallow bakShe is of the firm conviction that ing dish. Sprinkle with salt, pepper, anyone can be a good cook in this

paprika, lemon juice. Make a and 'midtwentieth century even without a

of: sauce we folks white

college degree in home economics

All unlimited budget. food an margarine and tablespoons s.ron3 2

is it takes insure iw u bockcll by in cooking, an interest some tablespoons flour 2 little imagination.rim -SJE'Si'- Salt and pepper to taste good recipes, and a

1 tablespoon dry mustard There will be failures, of course, but l l/4 cups top milk Alice says that with the recipe books

Pour white sauce over fillets. Sprinand homemaking magazines so comkle with onehalf cup buttered bread plete and so beautifully illustrated,

crumbs and minced parsley. Bake about good cooking isn't just for those gifted

Frank Salisbury, Pres. forty minutes in 350 oven. Serves six few who follow their intuition, add330 Judge Bldg. Salt Lake City, Utah to eight. ing a handful of this and a dash of

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that, with wonderful results. Any

woman can prepare good food and serve it artistically—and with much

less energy than in our mothers'and grandmothers'day.

Alice Evans has other interests besides homemaking, although she considers that her first responsibility.

She has always been active in the

Church auxiliaries and in PTA. She

has taught the literature lessons in the Relief Society in her ward and still fills her assignment as a visiting teacher. She has taught M MenGleaner classes and has been a teacher

in Junior Sunday School and the Primary. Brother Evans is active in

many civic and educational organizations, in addition to his Church obligations, and she has a busy schedule accompanying him. She loves

music, plays the violin, and she and her sister, Mrs. Sterling Sill, occasionally play a duet, even now. In

college she sang with a girls'trio.

Prominent in her childhood memories are the occasions when she and her family entertained with their music.

At one time she was a member of a string quartet composed of her mother at the piano, Alice and her sister with their violins, and another sister with her cello; and at unnumbered funerals and social and civic

occasions the "Thornley Trio"performed.

The Evans family love the outdoors.

They have a small pasture in Kaysville, adjoining the Thornley family home, where in past years they have kept saddle horses, following a tradition established by Alice's father, the late John W. Thornley. They

also have a cabin on the Weber River where the family spends occasional "snatches"of get together time such as they can find in the busy summer season.

life, live a good The Evans'with The New playa balance of work and and servall, itice, of course, and, permeating gospelis the that they all love and DAVID O. McKAY BUILDING

give their full devotion. opens to an expanding student body at

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY HOUSEWIVES'WATERLOO

By Jane Merchant BYU proudly invites inspection of this milliondollar building which adds 38 classrooms and

To keep the family home appearing 110 offices to the campus of the fastestgrowing neat university in the West. There is room for you

And spic and span and tidy, often at the Church university. Plan NOW to attend.

tends Spring quarter, March 21; Summer School, June

To seem a fight against unequal odds 13.

And ends.

JANUARY 1955 55 WHY MUST THEY BRING SWEETS?

by William Witter

Generally my wife takes complete charge of the food department at our house, but when it comes to sweets for our two "sweets,"we are both concerned. We have been

told by a competent physician and by our dentist that too much candy for very young children can be unNalley's other Fnjoy desirable.

'foods, Con Came, too—these Chili

Still, wellmeaning friends and Beans, Stew, Beef Pork &

Tang Salad Dressing, Banrelatives bring our toddlers too many quet Dills. sweets. After such gifts it takes us

Have your hasdays done;to undoandthecausesdirectconstantharm candyconcern over the eventual harm that

dren's teeth.impfiovtuitnT ens might have been done to the chilLast Sunday, for instance, a wellhandsomely bound lovedof gumdrops.aunt cameJimmywith aandlargeLouisesack

grabbed them and devoured them for just $Q00 eagerly. We didn't want to seem in

1/ FOB SALT any way unappreciative of the gift,

CITY LAKE FOR BINDING YOUR ENTIRE but we did try to control the eating

YEAR'S ISSUE of it. The babies protested. You

Retain for permanent use the excellent incan't hand children a bonanza of structions and outstanding articles of lasting candy and then take it away from interest that appear monthly in your Improvement Era. have editions of You may the Era them without a struggle. Aunt Minhandsomely bound now in clothcovered book nie protested, too: "Oh, let them

form with gold is stamping. Cost just $3 (prehave it, the little dears! All children

paid), plus postage, entire issues. year's for an

ADD POSTAGE FOR MAIL ORDERS love candy!"

Distance from Of course they loved it. It satisSalt Lake City, Utah Rate fied their appetites so well that at

to milesUp 150 43 dinner they turned the food down to 150 miles 300 49 they needed. kind that The was to 300 miles '59 600

600 to 1000 miles [73 packed with the stuff they needed for to1000 1400 miles ZZZ... &Z growth and development.

to 1*061400 1800 miles Over 1800 miles ].23 Then there are those who probably

Send to or bring your Era Magazines to the haven't taken time to consider the facts about candy and think they are

children, chocolate, not messy not Deseret doing a good deed by offering our Press News sweets, but creamy soft nice hard The West's Finest Binders 31 RICHARDS STREET PHONE 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH candy.

56 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "All-O-Wheat "I really go \All-O-Wheat with applesauce for All-O-Wheat qnd cinnamon is served on top of my favorite breakmy favorite cold cereal."fast dish."

"I like to find "Add chopped a hidden chocoBreakfast prunes, raisins, or late mint or dates with All-O- marshmallow in

Wheat for a demy bowl of AllTheme licious treat."O-Wheat."

If they were really as thoughtful

All-O-Wheat Cereal "dressups"delightas they seemingly want to be, they... with ever pleasingwouldn't bring hard candy. Hard the whole family

- Wheat'scandy is worse on children's teeth variety. Whether it's All - O

than soft candy. Dental authorities "Chopped Wheat"or the new type "Rolled

have stated again and again that Wheat Flakes"... it's nutritious, deactivity of dental decay is greatest licious. Try All-O-Wheat today.

immediately after eating sweets. It

takes longer to eat hard candy, which All-O-Wheat Cereal Co.

means that the children's teeth are OGDEN, UTAH in contact with sweets for a longer period of time, which is the perfect encouragement for decay. Besides it

is also a known fact that hard candies are acidulated for flavor to the extentthat they do damage to tooth enamel. Enjoy this different

Another visitor who puts my wifeand me on the defensive is the gum DELICIOUS BREAD bearer. We've had scares because our

youngest choked on gum given withRich in milk out our knowledge. Besides the

danger of choking and lagging appeEverybody knows that milk tite, gum is a concentrated carbohyand bread are two of the drate which may cause tooth decay in much the same way that candy most nourishing foods.

does. In Table Queen Bread

The immediate and eventual harm you get both—because

sweets can do the children is the each pound contains reason my wife calls me in to assist the nonfat milk solids her in watching that sweets are of 7 ounces of milk. Enriched

properly rationed out. It isn't bad It's your best food buy with vitamins

to give young children small amounts... at your grocer's. and iron

of candy occasionally, after a good, wellbalanced meal. It is best that

candy be given by the parent whoselects the best kind and who is in TABLE QUEEN BREAD the position to offer it when it is Royal Baking Co. Salt Lake and Ogden

best suited to the youngsters'feeding schedule. DRINK Send Your Friends

But what I can't figure out is, since THE thinking peoplemost candy and know IMPROVEMENT A delightful sparingly be the ficq used bygum should for those hot beverage ERA child, they must alwaysyoung why coffee. drink don't who

12 issues $2.50 in U.S.A. sweets? bringingcome GROCERS AT YOUR

JANUARY 1955 57 m

American Upholstered Chairs with pew ends

CTftnetican it UPHOLSTERED CHAIRS FOR DIGNITY AND COMFORT by Emily H. Bennett

Increasingly, modern churches FIRST COUNSELOR, GENERAL PRESIDENCY, Y.W.M.I.A.

are turning to the dignity and comfort, as well as the beauty I were in my teens (and that's prayer as well as through work. And

durability and of American UpIf a little hard to Imagine, but I do I would try, young as I might be, to holstered Chairs. of This type

seating also lends itself to remember that we were considered understand the nature of work within curved rows. Write to us in difficult), I would try to do some of the wise limits of my youthful

detail about your needs. the good things I didn't do, to miss strength and health (both of which

DEPARTMENT 169-A doing some of the poor things I did, I would safeguard as prized possesAMERICAN SEATING COMPANY and everything I did at all well I sions). I would try to see how much World's Leader in Public Seating

901 Broadway N. W., Grand Rapids 2, Michigan would do much, much better. work I could safely do instead of how

I would try to learn faster the lesmuch I could somehow escape. I

sons of patience and charity and love. would try with real determination to

cultivate the habit of work. It is so I would try harder—much harder

to be understanding and temperate easy to develop the habit of play that and to hold my tongue. I would bite you won't even have to try. Strangely

off and swallow words of criticism enough, a generation or two ago there z/1 CENTURY OF and gossip and idle nonsense. I were many who had real difficulty in

would try to be tenderly watchful of learning to play. They began workthe very young, and gaily watchful ing at an early age and never got over

of the very old; and loyal, loyal, it—bless their memories!

loyal to the middleaged—the latter That time is long past. Today play

being mainly my parents! is highly organized business. Young Write for information

on type of organ I would try in every possible way people are supposed to know how to in which you to be genuinely happy, and if somedance, act, ski, skate, play tennis, golf, are interested. times this seemed not possible, I badminton, basketball, ride a horse,

would at least try to be cheerful. drive a car, swim, row, do pushups,

Most of all, I would try to think and work crossword puzzles. Now

through the triangle which, in my that is an assignment that takes a mind, is always formed between truth, good deal of time and energy if you

PIPE ORGANS faith, and work. I would try to uncan manage it. Then, there are the

REED ORGANS derstand all three and to work on less active events—the movies, the

them as diligently as I tackled algebra radio to be followed hour after hour, or geometry or chemistry. I would and the telephone. No young perESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT. try to understand that truth is the son can adequately keep up with that.

"sum of existence... eternal, unSo work is shoved aside; studying

changed, evermore."I would search is done with one ear tuned to the

for it, try to speak it, live it, love it. general conversation and one eye on

is instruments is much rarer than it CARVUWRl Iis wouldstill a lie;understandthat a smallthat deceptiona white lie the television set. Practising musical

m po#Tf?Arr willstill atriumph.deception;I thatwouldtruthtry mustneverandto usedthe minorto be evendetailsfor ofthechorestalented,aroundand

get caught in the maze of deceit which the house or yard are something to; Sir Walter Scott speaks of in Marmion be put aside until manana. 'Me.WALTKinaXW5 Of Qt'MITY % FOB i IS. YfMS

FORMERLY OF when he says, If I were in my teens, I would retangled Qkihg, a web we what FetcruxesorttouYwcoo, "Oh, weave sist of this in to taste order the some California first deceive."practise to we When PHCTC SCND Olf'SHAPSHCT"of satisfaction deep accomwork

HAIft AI.ON& fS.FTC VJITMOF YOURCHECKi l Of?HOMCVK[)ftW Th H0ft6V COLOR that plished. cannot truth drink deeply the I would know I would

always be found through study joys of selfdiscipline and begin to fit,

ART WALT KING'S PROJECTS though, that is important. It must be in a small way, into the limitless work UTAH DUGWAY,

found through faith and constant of my home, my school, my Church, 58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA my world. I would try to see work,

not as drudgery—though there might

hood—thoughbe some of that;therenot justmightas bea livelithat;

but I would try to see it as an opportunity, even a calling, to develop myself, to serve others, to find real joy and satisfaction. And, if even in a

small way, I could get this point of view in my teens, I know play would be more fun because it would be truly recreation and change instead of serious business. I would know that

if I worked hard, my rest would be deeper and sweeter and my life richer, and if I could fit carefully together this knowledge of truth, faith, Pueblo woman is one of Colorado's leading cooks and work, I would know that I would be much better prepared for love and Fair Official Congratulates PrizeWinning Cook marriage and the building of a home and family. Little Deborah looks on as her they use Fleischmann's Active Dry

mother, Mrs. Charles Souter, gets Yeast. And no wonder! It's easy to

congratulations from Mr. Samuel use, always rises fast, keeps for

Jones, Jr., Colorado State Fair Offimonths right on the shelf. When you

HANDY HINTS cial. Mrs. Souter won 2 top cooking bake at home, you'll like Fleischat last fall's fair! awards mann's, best it's the yeast you too—will be Hints used Payment for Handy can buy. get it can And you in handy As a prizewinning cook and as a publication. event In theone dollar upon

that two with the same idea are submitted, busy mother, Mrs. Souter likes to strips of three. Get Fleischmann's

the one postmarked earlier will receive the use Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. Active Dry Yeast.

ofdollar. the ideas can None be returned, "It's so handy,"she says. "Always will careful receive consideration.but each

fast rising and easy to use."Get the New

Here's a plumber's trick to remember Out of more than 9,000 prize 'Thrifty Three in repairs leaking minor makingwhen water winners surveyed, over 98% saidpipes. of In screwing pipe lengths together,

paint the exposed threads of pipe. Join

the pipe ends while the paint is still wet.

dries, you'll the paint a haveWhen water- L. D. S Business & Professional!

joint. P.,proof, leakproof Mrs. N. Denver,

PeopleColorado. KITCHEn CHflRm

Keep the oven of your kitchen range new- A Gift in 1955 looking cleaning by household it with amWAXED PAPER For You and Your Familymonia. Just put a small in a dish amountand leave it in the oven overnight. Next KEEPS FOOD and in 2055

morning the grime will all wash out very A PRICELESS LEGACY FOR easily.—Mrs. R. T., Vernal, Utah. FRESHER LONGER! Your GreatGreat-Grandson and Family

A gift that will never wear out, become obsolete,

You will get much more service from be cast aside, lost, strayed or stolen. It will beyour the of by coating broom ends the ingcomeyears.more valuableA GIFT OFand GREATmore cherishedHERITAGEwithVALUE.passbristles shellac. In with thinned cases some

life theit will double length of of your CharterLife-INHERfTABLEbroom. shellac with Mix the equal an

amount of alcohol in a shallow pan and Membership dip the end of the broom into the shellacin alcohol mixture. Then, whenever your

broom starts to show wear, give it this PINE VIEW CLUB

of the It is located wooded does not reducetreatment—just again. It hardens the bristles The finest FAMILY VACATION RESORT in the WEST. a little—but of the the spots infamousone LAKE RESORT mostARROWHADbeautifullyefficiency. Mrs. E. P., Portland, Oregon. miles 28 Los from tops Angeles AREA, and in the

of the San Bernardino Mountains on the exact location (Capt. Pioneers Jefrelief where early Mormon For for burns: Roll a lemon between

in ferson Hunt) the first operated sawmill steamthe until hands juicy. soft and Cut in two California. Southern

and rub the lemon over the burn. It will

adbe and must IDEALS STANDARDS to hered Club by all and recommended members—Mrs.give reliefB. ].,instantlySugar, Idaho.and prevent blistering. L.D.S. Club. at the guests are they while Pine View

has been owned and operated for many years by an L.D.S. family (of pioneer stock) catering to

L.D.S. families, church outings and others of

avoid mistakes To conduct. cabins, housekeeping it reputable The with poison when

facilities, recreational supervised probemust kept in the house, strip of paste a Olympicsize clubhouse, heated gram, activityswimming sandpaper around the bottle or tie a tiny pool, etc. are now for the exclusive use of Club

available membership withbell to the neck.—Mrs. C. P., Portland, members in families standing (wherever good they to L.D.S.may

Oregon. live Arizona, Nevada... Utah, and California),

and other fine families recommended by members. Memberships may be designated as the

Candles can be made dripproof by soaklegacy of the eldest son of each generation.

ing them in a strong solution of salt water For Complete Information write to?

for hours. a few after not Do wipe them "SKIPPER"STEIMLE LEONARD

taking out of solution, the them as all the POPULAR WITH MILLIONS Director Managing salt would then be wiped off. Mrs. C. P., OF HOUSEWIVES...

Portland, Oregon. ALL AT LEADING GROCERS PINEP. O. BoxVIEW1, Blue CLUB,Jay, CaliforniaINC.

JANUARY 1955 59 MOTHERS ARE SO HELPLESS (Continued from page 26) just gotta come to this game today,""What for?"she asked.

know you weren't the whole team, Hoppy told her that morning. He "To wear to the party, of course.

Son. But it was you everyone was was standing before the bathroom I asked Audrey what I should wear

making the fuss over. It's enough mirror, engaged in the daily battle just before the coach drove me toto turn anyone's head, but—with his unruly red hair. the hospital. I think she's got a

"Did you see Audrey, Mom?"Hop- "I'm going to ask for the afternoon Harlequin costume, and we'll go as

py asked softly. off."a couple."

"How could I possibly miss that "Swell! Gosh, big game and AuSuddenly Clare knew that wasn't

well -planned little scene?"The blunt drey's costume party tonight."Clare the way it was at all. She could

words tumbled out before she could watched him try out his widest grin see Hoppy disgracing himself on the stop them. in the mirror, and her heart pounded. football field and the crowd booing

Hoppy couldn't have looked more When Clare reached the office she him, and Audrey embarrassed and stricken if she had slapped him. found that the new girl was home angry. She could hear Audrey call-

"You say that as if Audrey didn't with the flu. No chance of getting ing, "Wear a clown suit!"And

mean it, Mom."off now. She called the newspaper Hoppy in his deaf adoration missing

"She didn't mean it!"several times that day. East was the sarcastic tone that meant, "You

"Look, Mom,"he said slowly, as if ahead in the first quarter 14-0, and act like a clown. Might as well look

he kad thought the whole thing out it had begun to rain. The field like one!"

carefully. "Even if sometimes I've would be a sea of mud. East had "You're going to the party then,

wondered if she was giving me a line, scored another touchdown at the Hoppy?"

I don't any more. She wouldn't have half! "Do you think I should?"he said

kissed me before all those people if When she had time to call again hesitantly.

she hadn't meant it."the game was over. West had lost Clare wanted to say, "Don't go,

"She kissed you to attract attention to East 41-7! Son! You'll be hurt and disilluto herself! There are some people Clare hurried home, tension pullsioned."But that was no good. This

who love to bask in the reflection of ing her nerves taut. Betty met her was the first big crisis in Hoppy's

someone else's glory. Can't you see at the door. "Hoppy's been hurt!"life. He mustn't run away from it.

legs bluntly. Clare's said she went is like told that!"that She Audrey "Yes,"she said slowly. "I think you rubbery. girls the bus had on the whathim go, Hoppy."like that, should scare don't "Ah, Momsaid, nothing, sparing knowing him

she was hurting him, but thinking, Betty. It's only my finger."Hoppy She watched Hoppy drive away in

he's got to know! But as soon as the spoke from the semi -darkness of the the car with Chuck, and she stood

words were out, she knew she had living room. by the door and cried quietly. She

been too blunt. Hoppy's face was Clare turned on the lamp with a was in her room upstairs and it was

white with anger. He's more in love hand that trembled. Hoppy grinned only a little after ten when she heard

with Audrey than I thought, Clare at her, but he looked pale and sick. the downstairs door open. She hurthought desperately. She saw that his middle finger was ried to the top of the stairs then

"They were jealous of Audrey!"in a splint. "Hoppy!"drew quickly back into the shadows.

he cried. "And you've no right to "Just broke my finger, that's all."Hoppy was standing by the door,

say such things about my girl!"Clare knew that was enough to and he looked very tired, as if he

He was almost shouting at her. put him out of the game for the rest had walked a long way. She saw

Clare knew then, mothers are absoof the season. This was it, then. him look around, his mouth held

lutely helpless! You can see your Audrey would be through with Hoptight until he was sure he was quite

children walking into something py. "Does it hurt, Son?"alone, and then he slumped against

that's going to hurt them, and there's "Not half as much as losing the the door and began to cry.

nothing you can do to stop them, begame. 41-7!"he groaned. It was all she could do to keep from

cause they won't listen and they can't "It was a muddy field, Hoppy."going to him. But she knew she

see the truth. She thought, if we "A muddy field didn't bother East. mustn't even let him know she saw

quarrel, Hoppy is lost to me. She It was my fault. Honest, Mom, I him.

forced a laugh. "The girls are jealdon't know what went wrong. I Next morning she paused outside

ous, and so am I. A possessive Mom. played lousy ball. I missed passes. Hoppy's door. Would he still be

Forgive me?"Those I did catch, I fumbled. Twice here? Sprint had run away when

Hoppy took her clumsily in his I lost the ball to East. That's how Audrey jilted him. She slowly opened

arms. "Sure, Mom. But gosh, don't they got their touchdowns. If Ted the door and went almost weak with

say things like that again. I'm so Beams hadn't made that touchdown, relief. Hoppy was lying face down

nuts about Audrey that if she didn't we wouldn't have had any score. I on the bed, his hands above his head.love me, I'd want to drop dead."don't blame the crowd for boo—She said brightly, "Darling, maybe if

"Don't talk like that, Son!"Clare he stopped. you hurry you can ride to school with

held him tight. She thought back So the crowd had booed him! And Mr. Haslet next door."

over the years since Hoppy was born. Audrey? What had she done? Hoppy did not answer. He might

Hoppy stood up. "Guess I'd better have been dead he lay so still. Clare

The following Thursday was the get a move on if I'm going to be ready held tight to the bed. "You know

* EastWest game, the most imfor the party on time. Where's what!"she said gaily, "I've figured

portant game of the year. "You've Dad's old clown suit?"out how we can buy a new car right

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA away."She thought, I'll mortgage

the house. Betty can go without

braces on her teeth for another year.

I'll do. I'll Marilyn's snowsuit make IT NEVER GOESlet to Anything Mrs. Rumley go.

make Hoppy happy!

Hoppy turned over suddenly andlaughed. "Oh Mom! Forget about OUT OF FASHION

still onethe car. I was nuts to even suggest Old as it is, "saving for a rainy day"is still popular——and sensible—appeals to thriftyminded,it. The gals are young, let 'em of the most powerful

savers consistent THEY Like personsSAVE AS most out and farsightedwalk!"of bed jumped He IS OF - THEY SAVE A MATTER WHERE COURSE A MATTER OF really her. "You're overtowered CHOICE.

smart, Mom. Can you ever spot a

phony when you see one. I found THOUSANDS CHOOSE

out last night that Audrey was just taking me for a ride, the way she took Sprint. But me, I'm differentfrom him. I don't even care. She's ZION S SAVINGS BANK

not going to break me up in business!"

to as trying if he were He sounded & TRUST COMPANY himselfconvince than her, and more tears stung Clare's eyes. She blinked - EVERY CONVENIENCE AND SERVICE -

them back. "I hate to see you hurt, OFFERED BY ONE OF THE BESTKNOWN INTERSon."MOUNTAIN BANKS AND TRUST COMPANIES.

"Oh, I was hurt all right,"he admitted. "Hurts a guy's pride to find Backed by 81 Years Experience

out a girl doesn't want him any more.

But I'm over that now. How's about

a stack of wheatcakes?"DAVID O. McKAY, President

Clare mixed a huge bowl of panSouth Temple & Main, Salt Lake City cake batter. She could hear Hoppy Member Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation

upstairs singing so lustily that she thought, he is over Audrey. Just like

that! AT later, after the children But had

YOUR shegone and was straightening HopWINTERpy 's room she saw Audrey's picture CHURCH in the wooden chest. Next to his SCHOOLfather's gold watch and the silver TERM

medal he had won for high diving.

Along with the other things he starts JANUARY 3 treasured. REGISTER RIGHT NOW!

For a moment the box blurred tears. Clare'sthrough he was Maybe I* classes: BOOKKEEPING New These other and many newso over get hurt he'd never Audrey! classes in or ECONOMICS open day ACCOUNTING If school. live evening you protect to I should have more done ENGLISH out of full or Advanced for Beginning town write

we'll arhim, she thought. I'm a terrible help you HYSPEED your LONGHAND details;range program. ARITHMETIC BUSINESSflop as a mother!

OFFICE or Advanced Beginning MACHINES supervised dormiNOW:

She had a sudden picture of Hoppy BUSINESS LAW II SHORTHANDtoryone-halffaclitiesblockfor girls,from onlythe at school. alone Walking Write today for Gregg Simplified College. now. The BUSINESS MANAGEfurther information.

fallen tarnished hero crown, with his TYPING MENT setting his chin as the crowd turned away from him, staring straight ahead as Audrey cut him cold. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Cruel, cruel, her heart wept. Yet Branch of Brigham Young University

he knew he was walking into that. 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY, UTAHAnd he still went. Her spirits gave

a sudden surge of hope. Hoppy had

not run away. In that moment she

knew that the dayto-day teachings had been enough. Heartbreak wasn't

the important thing, but the way a person met it was. And Hoppy had

met it headon.

"Oh, he's going to be all right,"she whispered. "I know that now."JANUARY 3-31

JANUARY 1955 61 $35,000 MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD

(Concluded from page 49) been done, friendly letters from those brethren who hold the priesthood directing the work of servicemen in refrain from the administramilitary camps to quorum presidents URANIUM should tion of any ordinance or ritual which or bishops would be helpful in reis not in harmony with the revealed minding them of their duty in this

Here's your chance to "cash in!"Over $2,500,000 truth. matter.

in Government Bonuses have been paid for in the discoveries servicemen's past years. Currently 2 L.D.S. URANIUM The general If there are brethren in the armed

is just to a like you. $150,000 paid month people

will also send Church Precision Scintillators Counters Geiger with committee have questions and are services who finest the instruments prospectmade for URANIUM ing. highly sensitive These instruments are compact, reference to any restrictions or limitaliterature, paper sacrament cups,

lightweight and ruggedly built for field use. Prices tions put upon them in connection songbooks, and various manuals to

start at $29.95.

CONTACT YOUR NEAREST DEALER with covenants they have made in group leaders upon request. Ordidirect or write

for FREE 12PAGEto factoryCATAthe temple, they should be counseled narily sacrament trays for the bread provided. are not and water The LOG, to or stake write or their bishops

and URANIUMdescribing will subscripalso provide committee mission presidents for counsel detectors. WANTEDDEALERS Metal and

instruction. These Church officers tions to the Church Section and Era,

RECISION RADIATION INSTRUMENTS, INC. have the instructions issued by the as well as a few selected church textIE So. La2235 16, California Bred, Los Angeles

WORLD'S LARGEST MANUFACTURER Of PORTABLE RADIATION INSTRUMENTS First Presidency on October 2, 1950, books, for placement in military and relative to these matters. naval libraries where such seems adBefore brethren enter the service visable.

is published NEW they should be interviewed by their Only literature which

URANIUM DETECTOR bishops or branch presidents, given or distributed by the Church and apGEIGERSCOPE Now you can check min- > a copy of the pamphlet, "So You Are proved by the committee should be erals with: for uranium

sensitive, this amazingly | Going Into Military Service,"and distributed.

device. inexpensive For to officials are Stake mission and Spirit as counseled the direct. may prospectors, engineers, exMODEL MASTER their of reports provide perimenters, system hobbyists, own of copies a "Report Record"and

energy. in atomic everyone Now Two interested

to of the checks keep informed and and major laboratories are to card to energy sent used in atomic be the general with content radioactive universities. Indicates

portable durable, sparkles of light. Sturdy, as $3 L.D.S. servicemen's committee. From status of the servicemen's program in

20Post- power source. a pocket no watch; needs paid this report the committee mails to their areas. It would be appreciated rubeye-positioning magnification. Has power

Weber shield.also manufactureUsable in daylightPROFESSIONALor lighted androom.STANDeach serviceman as a free gift from if they would send in to the general

models. ARD the First Presidency the following: L.D.S. servicemen's committee a

ore sample, carrying pouch, instructions Uranium activities tabulation of the monthly supplied all models. with WRITUNCONDITIONAL A TEN GUARANTEE. servicemen's edition of the Book of supervisors. their coordinators and Valuable PROSPECTOR'S HANDBOOK ATOMIC of Mormon ores, field, on radioactive lab and mill—methods, data

chaplains L.D.S. leaders group and in pages. Everything informationpacked maps, 54

vital field. this to you need about new know $1 ship of a A book entitled Principles of the aboard or outside the area Postpaid. or Geigerscope for can send Handbook

yet, separately better today! Write order to Gospel both—You stake or briefly mission report should

Servicemen's Directory Church A SALES KEN RESEARCH telling each to the committee, month

Street 681 Main 6, N. J. Hackensack metal identification tag ("dog activities, of their A meetings, and

tag"). needs.

Any Church member in the servassure you that you have our WE RENT iceshouldwho writehas notthe receivedcommitteeall andof theseask We

Costumes For AH forwho them.are sincerelyNonmemberinvestigatingservicementhe constantsuccess insupportthis work.and prayersMay thefor Lordyour

to it. with reference prosper you these have items given to may Occasions gospel

is the necessary information them if Faithfully your brethren,

We Also Sell Costume Fabrics forwarded to the committee. None

The First Presidency and Trimmings of these items can be given to civilians under any circumstances.

Distributor of the American Flag

Send for FREE Catalogue Bishops and priesthood quorum presidents should write monthly letters to their ward and quorum memThese Times

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. bers in the service. With these let248 So. Main Salt Lake City, Utah ters they should enclose, from time (Continued from page 2)

to time, some of the standard misin 1945. In 1947 there were 2 l/2 persons

sionary tracts and pamphlets, and for every room. Even today fiftytwo

JL'nbrcakable... moulded also tracts on the clean life used by percent of all its taxes go for supto look like glass. Lightthe NoLiquor-Tobacco committees. port of the needy. About one in four

free. weight, noise Ecoindividuals receives assistance. public

Priesthood are requested quorums height. Standard nomical.

rebe that the remembered (It must dealer: your from Order to give to subscriptions the Church public ten million absorbed refugees has OFFER SPECIAL

of Section the Deseret and News The as eastern from as facwell Europe lot trial $1.00 Mail for of

one dozen sent postpaid. Improvement Era to their members ing the problems of its 1945 standing

55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass. in the service. Where this has not population.) Yet today, the great port

of Hamburg, a shambles in 1945, has berths for nearly two hundred ships, and is engaged in a thriving export trade of Germanmanufactured goods.

FOR A FAMILY OF 5 French The of Deputies Chamber 'N DAD: MOMgave the rearmament German FRIED scheme CHICKEN

what the United Press called "a solid with Mushroom SauceSTEAK but grudging vote of confidence"on TossedButteredGreenFreshSaladVegetablewith French DressingPotato

October 12, 1954. The French are reRoll Dessert Beverage

ported to fear a future German enemy 3 CHILDREN:

special western dishes of four Choice children'smore than Russia—with historic rea.- our from menu

sons. Secretary Dulles told the deleRoll Beverage Ice Cream or Jello

gates of the nine western powers at LonPotato Vegetable Salad don, September 29 preceding, that he ***'for the entire family believed "that the American flag... will

continue to fly alongside your own herein Europe."Probably reassuring to the HOTEL TEMPLE SQUARE

French, the revival of western Germany TEMPLE VIEW DINING ROOM & COFFEE SHOP therefore becomes a major responsibility, before history, of the United States. It

will be well not to lose sight of this Hfst'5 T0 i fact.

SO The British Foreign Secretary, Mr.

Anthony Eden, followed Mr. Dulles by MUCH

giving what the British Information VALUE

Service described milias "a momentous tary pledge to Western Europe."Said FOR

he,- also on September 29, 1954 at the SO historic London meeting: LITTLE

United "The Kingdom will continue to maintain on the mainland of EuMONEY!

rope, including Germany, the effective strength of the forces United Kingdom

For full information and prices write arewhich assigned now [four divisions and a tactical air force]. colMy

leagues 2511 East 3080 REGALSouth WARE. INCSalt Lake City 6, Utah will realize that I have. what..

announced is for us a very formidable step to take.... We are still an island

people in thought and tradition, whatever the modern facts of weapons and mon/toe strategy may compel. And it has not. FOLDING

been without considerable reflection that BANQUET the government which I represent here 'TABLEShas decided that this statement could be made to you this afternoon."

Thus, Britain embarks upon an enlarged role in the affairs of continental

Europe. A loophole was left by Mr.

Eden for immediate withdrawal in the event acute of "an overseas emergency"Protection From Water Damage "strainor heavy external finances on the locks Seal out moisture from Thompson's Waterof the United Kingdom."Britain But TRUCKS concrete, stucco, canporous surfaces—brick, wood, Chairs storingMONROE Forshares heavy responsibility the with truck easy wayTables It is etc. deeppenetrating, vas, transparent, leaves EachandConstrue modernFoldingtables as sponsor of the revivedUS west Gerhandlesthetion of storage chairspermits No. eitherTruck film. TSCor or brush, lock no spray mop. Helps Use Transport Storage

space. limited in

No. Truck It to surface. paint water. sheds walls, on power. Useman

inquiries their to direct Units Church TSmay indoors, the floors, foundations, outdoors. Covers up 47 East Department, Purchasing Church It is results? early. of the But What ft. to gal. paint, sq. per 400 At building hdwe, 1, Salt Utah. South Temple, City Lake

it direct. to qt., seems stores, sound suggest result or supply per $1.55 that per $4.78 one THE Wcw*OC COMPANY E. gal., ppd. please.) C.O.D.s (No A. Thompson to turn be Russia'smay thoughts and 249 STREET. COLFAX. IOWA CHURCH

3. Co., Inc., Francisco Mart, Merchandise Sanconcerns inward. ever If Russia had

wanted war with the west since 1945, the time to launch it was before Germany rearmed. The prospects for

soviet military adventure would thus IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS OFFER... WE to lessened. Politicalseem have advenin treatment Aids simple of Canker, COMPLETE Ature short of force remains quesanother SERVICE ENGRAVING throat sore minor and other mouth

tion. result the net But represent could From Missionary Portraits to the Largest irritations. and throat

Catalogues. for fora gain the prospects peace. The

cold war may be expected to dissipate Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention into lively diplomatic scrambles CO. UTAH ENGRAVING in the HALL'S REMEDYnext few months. St. German revival A Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent

symbolizes a new balance of power. ('()'i)l3owiii'i<Hr!M-(:<-{iB{)()(l-a

JANUARY 1955 63 *=5T* T=sf=L fr5- t=?*3Your Page

Korea Along with my change of address, I would like to thank you for the wonderful job you are doing in sending The Improvement Era to the LDS servicemen here in Korea. It is a wonderful magazine. My first five months here I had no contact

with the Church except for The Improvement Era and the Church

Section of The Deseret News which my family sends me. Keep

up the wonderful work and may God bless you for your efforts.

Faithfully yours, /s/ Pfc. Dick G. Winterton

MERLENE

JENSEN Korea Dear Brethren:

want to thank you for sending me this great magazine. It is one

ATTENDANCE RECORD 100 PERCENT Imaterial.of the bestEverymagazinesmagazinethatI'veanyonereceivedcanoverread.here,It hasandchoicein thereadingstates,

Merlene Jensen of the Fillmore Third Ward, Millard (Utah) I've read from cover to cover and I get a lot out of each article. Keep

Stake, has a one hundred percent attendance record at Sunday on with the good work, and I want to thank you once again.

School, sacrament meeting, and MIA, extending over three years. /s/ William H. Parkin

She is an Honor Bee and a Mia Joy, and will be eligible for her

Silver Gleaner award on her nineteenth birthday. She has taught

the Bluebird class in Primary, been Junior Sunday School secretary, and MIA chorister. Currently she is attending school in APO 83, New York

City. Salt Lake Dear Sirs,

FPO San Francisco, California * haveteredbeenthe receivingservice twoTheyearsImprovementago. Era regularly since I enDear Editors:

would like to take this opportunity to tell you I think your These editions have contained some of the most wonderful and spiritual literature that I ever read. have helped to have They me to myself I converted magazine I Mormonism

appreciate life. the Church ever than more I have before a thoughtful in my and was sent me by my first issueis good.of yourWhenmagazine

bishop, I knew right then and there that if it continued in the I am located where there are no LDS branches and only a same track, I should want it for the rest of my life. I have learned few servicement (five). This magazine is now bringing the Church

many wonderful things from the Era and once again I thank you and much wisdom into our homes over here because we have for a very good magazine. talks from the leaders of our Church and also a study of the gospel

Sincerely yours, in it.

/s/ Bruce Wilson I find it a definite help in explaining the gospel to those in my squadron who also fly. Thank you.

Media, Pennsylvania /s/ 2/Lt. E. B. Lundgreen Dear Brethren:

would like to express my deepest appreciation to you for the

I Era. You are certainly to be complimented for the type of

reading contained in it. The Era is definitely a credit to our

Church.

I am in the army, stationed in Pennsylvania with the 51st

AntiAircraft Artillery. Before I came into the army, I thought

I was too busy to read the Eras we had in our home. Since

I've been in the army, however, I find that at times when I get discouraged, reading the messages in the Era is very comforting and helps me to find purpose in what I have been called to do. Also,

it provides an excellent opening to tell my buddies of the great plan God has given us in the latter days.

I am sure I express the feelings of all the LDS men and women in the services who receive the Era in giving you my wholehearted thanks for this wonderful reading.

May God's blessings be with you always.

/s/ Pvt. E. Daniel Bowen TRESSA

HYDE Korea Dear Brothers:

Each month I receive The Improvement Era, and I can hardly to spiritual wait food thereand eat up the contained sit down SEVEN YEARS PERFECT ATTENDANCE in. last In the issue the current read I have two days cover from

to cover, with the exception of a few advertisements, and it is even Tressa Hyde has completed seven years of perfect attendance good to read those because they are always clean and high type. at sacrament meeting, Sunday School, and MIA. She holds recog-

I parent, that bishop, each presionly pray hope nitions and and quorum Bee, as an Honor a Mia Joy, and a Silver Gleaner. She

* effort it to to get in spares dent the service. no * * has in the served their men as Primary chorister Church secreand teacher,

Wishing all at The Improvement Era the choicest blessings of tary of the Sunday School, and counselor in the YWMIA. She

our Father in heaven. has recently come to Salt Lake City to attend the LDS Business

Sincerely yours, College. She is the daughter of Elder and Mrs. Clarence Hyde of

Pvt. Paul R. Peel Wells Ward, Humboldt (Nevada) Stake.

2=*\t* ( Z=Sf*=X 3==1 3="* T=*TrL 5 64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA nM&uJioMu. sL "pnsihwA rtljL co&nA o

the economy tissue with the softness to match its soft lovely colors!

Color in your home is Justus important as color in your dress. And ZEE colors arejso right for your bathroom April Yellow

...soft, soft as this fine quality, economy tissue itself!

Ballet Pink

SofiiWhite

Foam Green

Crown Zellerbach Corporation """""""Wfc

Back in 1905, the year Beneficial Life was founded, a surgical operation often meant days of preparatory scrubbing in a farmhouse kitchen or parlor, and then tense hours as the doctor operated by the light of a kerosene lantern. Many lives were saved by the skilled hands

of the family doctor... but many more could have been

saved had he been able to operate in today's wellequipped hospital. Autno W. Stock, Afton, Wyoming,

Giant forward strides in medical science have exAgencyheads thein BeneficialWyoming.Life'sBeneficialGeneral

tended man's average life span from 48 years in 1905 Life agents are located in Evanston, to 68 years in 1955. These "bonus years"have also brought Green River, Lovell, Pinedale,

a new concept in life insurance. Presentday insurance Powell, Rock Springs, and Worland.

programs, such as Beneficial's "Planned Futures,"now Theized Wyomingin 1937. Agency was organprovide financial protection while your children are growing up—and at the same time assure you adequate retirement income for those extra years.

William B. Hawkins, Denver, Colorado, heads the Beneficial Life's

Benein Colorado. General Agency BENEFICIAL LIFE ficial Life agents are located

Colorado Denver and Springs. The

in Agency Insurance Company Colorado in was organized 1941.

David O. McKay, Pres Salt Lake City - Utah

. >m