I II lit III 111 KIT 1 MARCH 1953

BISHOP JOSEPH L. WIRTHLIN

When construction costs are a problem - build with fflsk wm

It's a fact! Building funds will

stretch farther when brick is used in structures that must stand the test of time and public service. For brick is not only low

in original cost, but free of any maintenance problems. It is

strong and weatherproof...

durable, beautiful and fireresistant.

When you hold up the yard stick of comparison, you'll find that

Thirteenth Ward Chapel brick masonry is the finest of all of the Church of Jesus Christ building materials.

of Latterday Saints Constructed in 1051

MANUFACTURERS OF * BURNED CLAY PRODUCTS

INTERSTATE BRICK Co.

3100 South 11th East Salt Lake City 6, Utah by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr. TownHouse

CRACKERS nrHE largest of the European birds of PURITY * prey is the lammergeier which resembles the eagles and vultures. Found

from Spain's Pyrenees to Asia's Himalayas, the lammergeier has a novel method of cracking the shells of tortoises. It simply takes the tortoise to a

great height and drops it. The herringgull opens mussels in the same way. Bite into a delicious TOWN

HOUSE Cracker. Discover

TN the nineteenth century after the inthe completely different

A duction coil was perfected by the flavor of these crisp, tender, physicist H. D. Ruhmkorff, attempts goldenbrown ovals.

were continued to see how long an electric spark could be produced by an induction coil. A. Appes, in 1876, built

a coil with a secondary consisting of 280 miles of wire in 341,850 turns. He

was able to produce a 42inch spark.

See? No Crumbs! How/\F increasing importance is the use of

come? That's a Purityseaweed. One derivative of seaweed,algin, is used in more than threebaking secret—just one

fourths of all ice cream consumed in more amazing thing the United States. Algin can also be about these marvelous

used as a thickener for soups and dressnew crackers.

ings, in cosmetics and paints, and may be pressed into boards or other plastic products.

'T'he process of navigation in a B-50 airplane uses about twentyfive hundred vacuum tubes. A destroyer uses

thirtytwo hundred.

'T'he common base for a number sys- 'tern is ten, likely arising from early counting with fingers or toes. The Aphos

of Benue, an African tribe, do not have 12 fingers, but they use 12 as their number base, and the Maya of Yucatan used 20.

HPhe amount of ozone in the atmos- ".'phere varies greatly with the distance above the earth's surface, with

the maximum concentration about 14 miles above the surface and the maximum ratio of ozone to air 3-6 miles higher. There is little ozone below 6

and above 19 miles from the surface.

The rare gas composed of three oxygen atoms absorbs most of the ultraviolet radiation from the sun coming in and by absorbing radiated of the heat much kyPURITY out is of great heatTownHouse importance in the balance of the earth. \ Purity Biscuit Co.... Salt Lake City.. Pocatello... Phoenix

MARCH 1953 129 THE NEW NATIONAL ADMINISTRATION

IN THE U.S.A.

Inaugurated on January 20, 1953 as by Dr. G. Homer Durham

the President of the United States of

America, David Dwight Eisenhower is Head of Political Science confronted with some of the greatest Department, University of Utah problems—and opportunities—in history. The problems may be stated and U.S. Steel as they would have

broadly in their practical aspects as twoGeneral Motors and U.S. Steel do unto

fold: (1) the reconciliation of public them? Will the Utah Woolgrowers do

authority and nongovernmental (priunto the Bureau of Land Management, vate) enterprise in the process of mainand viceversa, likewise? Will the

taining a healthy American economy; American farmer render unto "parity

(2) the manipulation of American farm prices"as he would have "parity"power in international affairs to reduce render unto him? If Churchill asks for

international tensions and the threat of a coat, shall we give a cloak also? If

war. These problems are sometimes Stalin is asked to walk with us a mile,

noted as "the domestic"and "the foreign shall he walk with us twain?

policy"problems. The opportunities are Well, no; not quite, you are probably

implicit therein—to contribute to a dosaying. But can we afford to let the

mestic and international climate whereideal but dimly burn? A candle beBasic Equipment in the human spirit may throw off some longs on a candlestick, not under a of the stresses and strains of conflict, exbushel, says the same injunction—the

psychology Mount. the changing on the Sermon for Movies Ward of conflict Its for stand will the psyapplication

is basic equipment a complete here Now, of us of chology each or fall with harmony, fill all will outfit that of your ward motion picture needs—at surprisingly faith, hope, and love. and all parties concerned.

modest cost: The cynical will say The "harmony"of inBell Projector 285cx model & Howell this is impossible. But it terests, and not classchoice Auditorium 12 inch or Speakers, of

15 inch little orchestrichon speakers, is well to remember that conscious, classstruggle which convert classroom units into cynicism has built no doctrines, is our native auditorium speaker communities, has proair. By preaching this

Projection Screens, Two one of adequate size hall duced no lasting, positive doctrine the Eisenhower for average ward amusement and a portable screen for classroom satisfactions at any time, administration is on solid use for the human spirit. At most, the cynic ground. Cooperation, without comproTEACHERS welcome the help of movie inserves as a check on overenthusiasts and mising individual decency, can clear the

effective struction for teaching a more program. are special films availUtopians, who, too, are rarely builders, air at home and abroad. All can gain; There

able for Scouts, for Mia Maid and rather dreamers. few, if any, can lose by heeding the call.

Explorer groups, and for Special InPresident Eisenhower's role calls neiterest groups. ther for the sentimentality of the

Plan a ward night for movie wholesome recreation. This is also ideally dreamer nor the negativism of the cynic. equipment suited for firesides, Primary and Sunday As a national leader and world figure, HOME

School, great role of is that spiritual basic special programs and a host of his By Edythe Jones other uses. leadership, calling forth the from men

Please cottage, Little walk, equipmenttell forus ourhowward.we can obtain this world,and womena spiritof thisof voluntarism;country anda ofsensethe Winding

Size of amusement hall is of individual and group responsibility How I wish that you might talk, of the Tell times you've Name had in a rich goes on"for "what moral way.

are are bad; good, and some—Someme Address is his This in promised inaugural and folk Tell of you've the met me

City & State other statements. sat, entered, they they where—How

Ward Stake A recent commercial advertisement If they liked the mirrored wall it all. in Reflecting beauty a complete Swasey, of films by manufacturers and Warner 1availablewould likefor showing. list ward like soft? curtains they the Did

. of precision in *Ai.Im'.ii**.v Cleveland, machinery oft'ruffled, and Long and how *r?;'>j$i Ohio, sounds a note heading, the under silently, whisper Did they

"Opportunity Unlimited.""What would "The warmth of friendship

happen,"runs the copy, "if all AmeriLies in thee."

hearth, the can others find On Deseret cans suddenly decided to cooperate with kindness Love and all other Americans—instead of atPeace of mind?

tacking, suspecting, hating?... Where Oh, you friendly cottage small

rest? of a place not you is the American statesman—labor, all people the one and Don't Book Co. ness, or government...—who believesbusiAre breast? their cares your upon Lay

enough in his country and in truth to How the children like to play preach that simple gospel? What an In and out and hear you say,

opportunity for greatness!""Come right in, read the books;

curl the nooks! in the floor, on Rule has always had Sprawl

your knocks upon 44 E. South Temple The Golden God And when hard sledding. Will Walter Reuther You open wide; for he's no guest.door, Salt Lake City and the C.I.O. do unto General Motors He is at home just like the rest.

130 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA!;.:

Now/ Two great FILMOSOIMDS

Filmosound 202 J.6mm recording projector lets you add

sound to movies easily, inexpensively. Make your own sound

movies... add sound to old silent

films. Sound track can be changed

easily again and again. Plays both

optical and magnetic sound. $699.

Filmosound 2 8 5 16mm optical sound projector.

Shows sound

Full, natural at all soundSound moviesteachJast, effectively / or silent film.

volume levels.

Every week more than 20 million people specific need. With the Bell & Howell With 6"builtview businessbacked pictures. Likewise, Filmosound 202 recording projector, in speaker...

churches and schools are becoming ensound can be added to any 16mm movie only $449.95.

Other separate thusiasts of audiovisual aids as the modand changed as often as desired. speakers are

ern, effective way to teach. Whenever sound movies can serve you available.

to or best to entertain get inform movies your message Sound now—are products—look to All Bell & Howell

life! for for better Bell guaranteed across the ever Howell than because finest equipment & now a

sound track can be easily made to fit a and service money can buy "Education Molds Our Future..

Better Schools Build a Stronger America"

Bell & Howell Company 7177 McCormick Road, Chicago 45, III.

Please send me, without cost or obligation, complete information on sound movie equipment for use in

Industry Church Home D School Name "Old Betsy"—the first Filmosound ever sold Editor John E. N. Hume Jr. (right) and Address..

—is retired after 20 years of valuable service Charles B. Sellers Jr., of the Schenectady Organization {if any)

to the Elgin (111.) Public Schools. E. C. (N. Y.) Gazette, Waguse the 202 for Filmosound

considers goner so vital sound... movies that promotional work. "Before he newspaper we City County State.

replaced "Betsy"with the first Filmosound were forced to send along a narrator. Now

202 magnetic recording projector, to provide our films have their own narration and music upto-date audiovisual techniques. and are doubly convenient and effective."BelUHowell

MARCH 1953 131 \Jffacial KJrqan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurch of

Of oLatterdau Jainh

Editors: DAVID 0. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Editor: Managing DOYLE

Editor: Associate Managing MARBAL. GREENC. JOSEPHSON Jke C-covar

Manuscript Editor: ELIZABETH J. MOFFITT - Research Editor: ALBERT L.

JR. Family"ZOBELL,

- Editors: Contributing G. - ARCHIBALD"Today's H.HOMERMORGAN DURHAM as ApproachingPresiding Bishopthe closeof ofthehisChurchfirst yearis - S. JR. - LEE HARRIS, A. PALMER FRANKLIN HUGHF. BENNETTEditor:NIBLEYRUBY

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY Joseph L. Wirthlin, whose photograph is

- Associate General Manager: Manager: ELBERT BERTHA Bishop this month. subject our cover

- Advertising Business Manager: JOHN R.D.CURTISGILES present in his sustained VERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER Wirthlin was Subscription Director: SNARRDirector: A. GLEN

conference, 1952 the April calling during having served as a counselor in the Presiding Bishopric since April 1938. The

photograph is the work of Boyart Studios.

The Editor's Page SeeOtherpage picture146 for credits:article. Jeano Orlando,

"The Lost One'* President David O. McKay 141 pageLuce, 139;pageJ. K.163;Anderson,Hal Rumel,page 145;pageWillard200;

Ariel D. Benson, page 208.

Church Features

BUSINESS OFFICES EDITORIAL AND LivReconciliations: is Christian Evidences and CLXXUI—What Street Main 50 North ing? 142 A. Widtsoe John

Joseph L* Wirthlin, Eighth Presiding Bishop of the Church Y.M.M.I.A. Offices, 50 North Main St.

Bryant S* Hinckley 146 Y.W.M.I.A. Offices, 40 North Main St.

The Stick of Judah and the Stick of Joseph—III Hugh Nibley 150 Salt Lake City 1, Utah

The Walhalla Project—Genealogy

Niel T. Hansen and Loris Joan Devlin 154 Copyrighttion of the1953Youngby MutualMen's Funds;MutualInc.,Improvementa CorporaThe Church Moves On 136 Presiding Bishopric's Page 188 Association of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Saints. rights All reserved. Latterday SubMelchizedek Priesthood 186

price, foreign scription $2.50 in advance; a year,

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

Special Features singleEnteredcopy.at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah,

as secondclass matter. Acceptance for mailing

for in section provided rate special of postage at 143 of the Pioneers A* Contributions Widtsoe John

July 1103, 1917, authorized 2, of October Act.'. Pollei B. Bernice 145 Project Family 1918.

The Man Who Worked with Cement Agnes Schiller 153 The Improvement Era is not responsible for un- "As With a Shield"—Through the Eyes of Youth solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

by sufficient accompanied manuscripts must be return. for delivery and postage Historic Fort Laramie—Part I...FredHazel NobleG. JohnsonBoyackJr, 156160 All

R, Krythe 163 Plants a Tree Maymie He Who Change of Address Reader's 166 Spectacles Helen Gregg Loudon on the Put

The Spoken Word from Temple Square dress.Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adRichard L, Evans 168, 176, 180 address slip from a recent issue of the magazine.

Exploring the Universe, Franklin G. Homer Durham 130 Addressaddress aschangeswell ascannotthe newbe onemadeis unlessincluded.the old

S. Harris, Jr 129 A Mormon in the New Cabinet....134

These Times—The New National Book Reviews 203

Administration in the U.S.A., Your Page and Ours 208

Today's Family National Advertising Representatives

Recreation for Youth, Rex A. Handy Hints 200

S. TOWNSEND COMPANY for erine Dissinger 201 EDWARD Shower Nursery Rhyme A Skidmore 196 Salad Dressing Variations, KathBuilding Russ..198 Jeffrey the Babyto-be, Ruth Francisco, California San

EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

ies, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

To Bring the Chief his Son Eva Willes Wangsgaard 158 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

Nest Egg Leora Walters 164 New York 17, N. Y.

Home, Edythe Jones 130 Emans—139 DAVIS30 N. &LaSalleSONS St.

Not All the Valiant, Helen HarPoetry Page......140 Chicago, Illinois

rington—135 You Have a Friend, Georgia

Frontispiece, Clouds, Elaine V. Moore Bberling 152 Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '**tel,Yott s ST0PDC6B TO MINNEAPOUSST.PAUL

ANGELE AND US

MinneapolisSt. Paul

VV:

Salt Lake City Fastest, most luxurious flights ever offered!

Now Salt Lake City enjoys America's finest air service. You can fly Western's new 4-engine DC6B's

from Salt Lake City to MinneapolisSt. Paul in

only 3 hours, 50 minutes nonstop... to Los Angeles

in only 2 hours, 40 minutes nonstop. Western's

new direct route puts Salt Lake City at the midpoint of a major EastWest trunk line!

Los Angeles

Ifmrn I MlH|lj--J miA WESTERN'S DC6B is the most advanced AIRLINES version of the worldfamous Douglas airliners—newer, bigger, faster! One AMERICA'S OLDE:

of the major new features you'll like is the superpressurized cabin, which FLIES AMERICA'S NEWEST gives groundlevel comfort throughout your overthe-weather flight.

MARCH 1953 133 A MORMON IN THE NEW CABINET

ThepublishedWashingtonan interestingDaily Newsarticlehas rightTheto hearinghis seatonopenedSenatorbeforeSmoot'sthe about Ezra Taft Benson, incomSenate Committee on Privileges and ing Secretary of Agriculture, and the Elections in January 1904, and for late Senator Reed Smoot. It follows: nearly two years a procession of witWhen Ezra Taft Benson comes nesses paraded before it.

here as Secretary of Agriculture, he Senator Smoot won a cautious inwill be the first Apostle of the Church dorsement from President Theodore of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Roosevelt after he paid the latter a to hold this high rank in the execuvisit at the White House and assured tive branch of the government, but him that he, Smoot, was not a he will follow by half a century the polygamist, had never had more than first Mormon Apostle to occupy the one wife, and had done and would political spotlight in Washington. continue to do everything in his

The Council of the Twelve Apospower to uphold the law against tles of which Mr. Benson is a member, polygamy.

is the high governing body of the "If Mr. Smoot,"President RooseMormon Church, and it was in 1903 velt wrote later, "or anyone else for

that the Utah legislature reached into that matter had disobeyed the law, the ranks of that group to elect Reed he should, of course, be turned out,

Smoot as United States Senator. The but if he had obeyed the law and

tall, gaunt, sternvisaged Smoot had was an upright and reputable man been named an Apostle two years in his public and private relations,

WITH before. it would be an outrage to turn him

BENNETT'S The coming of Senator Smoot to out because of his religious belief."

Washington was in sharp contrast Nevertheless, the Senate committo the almost universal approbation tee in June 1906, brought out a report which has greeted the selection of that concluded: "Resolved, that Reed

Ezra Taft Benson as a member of Smoot is not entitled to a seat as a

President Eisenhower's official famSenator of the United States from the ily. The Senator arrived in an era State of Utah."

surcharged with bitterness against In a parliamentary maneuver bethe then strange sect that had been fore the vote in the Senate on Februdriven from pillar to post since its ary 20, 1907, Senator A. J. Hopkins

organization in New York State in of Illinois, who signed a minority 1830, suffered the martyrdom of its report upholding Smoot's right to his founder and first prophet, and enseat, tacked onto the resolution an dured the hardships of a mass hegira amendment requiring twothirds vote westward to carve out a beautiful valof the senators present for passage.

ley settlement in the high wilderness It was in Illinois that Joseph Smith, of the Rocky Mountains. founder and prophet of the Mormon

Although allowed to take his place Church, was done to death by a in Congress, Senator Smoot endured masked mob. Governor [Adlai]

four years of accusations and hearings Stevenson recalled the incident and that filled four large volumes totaling offered the apologies of his state 3,429 pages, before he was able to when he spoke in the Mormon Taberoccupy his seat without contest. The nacle in Salt Lake City during the

original protests against Smoot's elecrecent political campaign.

tion as senator came from his home But the twothirds margin safestate following a cry about church guard was not needed in the final intrusion in state and national poliSmoot vote in the Senate. His critics

tics, even though he, like Benson, had were able to muster only twentyeight taken a leave of absence from his votes with fortytwo upholding his

GAvujfijiAJ*- Church duties. right to the seat and twenty not votDug up was the old prejudice ing.

against the early Mormon doctrine of From this inauspicious beginning, 65 WEST FIRST SOUTH plural marriage. This quickly inReed Smoot went on to become one

—and Bennett's Branches and Dealers flamed the Senate, even though the of the powers of the Senate. The

throughout the Intermountain Region. practice had been outlawed by the Senator finally was defeated in the

Church [more than] ten years before. overthrow of the Republican admin134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

istration in 1932, going down before a schoolteacher, Elbert D. Thomas.

Senator Smoot died in 1941.

Fifty years ago, there was a bare handful of Saints in the capital, and they used to hold Sunday School and church in the Senator's home. Now

there are upwards of four thousandmembers in the Washington Stake of INSPIRING the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. The Mormons have twochurches in the district, one in Chevy BOOKS

Chase and one in Arlington. AnFOR SPIRITUAL GROWTH

other is planned in Alexandria. Aposhimselftle organized was and Benson

its at literature Here is of this stake first presidentthe when.. that. books (/ finest

living in Washington prior to being */, should be in every licalled to the Apostleship in 1943. brary for the whole

to read, enfamily conduct, habits and In personal treasure. joy, and Mr. Senator and Smoothowever,

Benson will be very much alike at social gatherings. They both turn

their wine and liquor glasses upside:h?&w-/J?A

down at the banquet table and will A must for every li- -:

This - volume brary! for buttermilk likely Fifty ask Four Contains thanmore

years climaxes Dimany of the Evidences coffee. of or Orthodox teain Dr. place research of by Joof Calling vine

. recogSperry Bears Smith. seph in these drinks abstainSaints from auas. an. nized he that testimony Cry the thority on the of one was Church the withaccordance Mormon Mormon. of Book prophets greatest JOSEPH It's systematic a His all time. of a tenth Likewise, of Wisdom.Word this.. of. treatment his life

book, great book goes into teachings incomeof their government are

Includes by book. and

in which tithes, a practice toreferences has forcefullybrilliantlyChurch put gained the Church a reputation as lltft! gether. every chapter.

ecfinancial of the most solidlyone ct* R * 50 $100 in the world. institutionsclesiastical

THE STORY OF OUR CHURCH

FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS MYGio*Y

BOOK OF MORMON STORIES NOT ALL THE VALIANT FOR YOUNG, LATTERDAY SAINTS

By Helen Harrington BIBLE STORIES r

FOR YOUNG LATTERDAY SAINTS By Emma Marr PetersenNotfoughtall the valiant were the men who the ravening wilderness or crossed wild seas little scaled the mountain. or ships Not on *3 each oo heroically wrought. so are all the brave

novel that has been regreat Mormon A in Magnificent demand. printed popular by Rich and beautifully written, all three books

in its unappeal, intense revealing, filled sweep, scriptural lore of the with are Church in comedies thrives courage common But is cenin book Here a suspense. flagging Bible. the history, the and Book of Mormon withstood successfully error of human of American strange epoch that tered upon faith inspiring, fabric of a They weave

... seize fight to Bator the of history the conquered child. march thrill stories will men Mormon as when every that promoting

command of their mistakes and frailties talion.

P. $4.00 PRATT OF PARLEY $3.00 WRITINGS IN SUNLIT A LAND

skill, their wit, their join and hardiOr Robison Parker compiled by Dr. John Widtsoe by A

for $2.50 (Diary LIFE TIME OF YOUR hood, $2.50 TIMES FOR TONIC OUR Elaine Cannon by

L. will giving Richard while not give by Evans up up isand HOW....$100 FOR AND WHEATTeenagers) MANWHY

good, $3.00 for Recipes WILL whole wheat stoneground ROB GOD? A MAN

but battle for small causes, hemispheres by Dr. Milton R. Hunter flour

unsung, unnoticed, and half understood.

Nature in man and weather always rears mountains and waste—the perennial fronPublishers

tiers of Fine of wilderness. Adversity has taught L.D.S. From Your

cowards strength, makes strong men pioBooks neers. Boohfaft IV1/VIIM 1186 SOUTH Salt Lake City -4, Utah

MARCH 1953 135 the Church Moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

n President David O. McKay dedi- 9 O Bishop Carl W. Buehner of the

November 1952 * cated the combination Idaho Falls Presiding Bishopric dedicated the 9 a San Jose Stake formed from porEighth(Idaho) WardStake chapelSouthhouse. Idaho Falls newlyannex constructedto the SoutheastLincolnstakeWardhouse,chapel,in

tions of the Palo Alto (California) President Stephen L Richards of the Salt Lake City.

Stake California MisNorthern and the Elder delivered Lehi Sixth the tenth anwith First Presidency Ward organized sion. Elder L. Beckstrand, Vernard

sustained at Calvin as bishop, fornual H. Swenson sermon Joseph Smith Memorial

merly a member of the Palo Alto Stake the Logan (Utah) L.D.S. Institute of and Lehi Seventh Ward organized with

as council, stake presisustainedhigh as sustained Religion. K. Nielson Vernon His discourse was titled "JoEllder

dent, Pulley, with Elder Boyd H. bishop in the Lehi (Utah) ProphetMartyr."Smith, forseph Stake. The

merly bishop of Willow Glen Ward, Elder Marion G. Romney of the boundaries of the other five Lehi wards

and Elder William C. Johnson, formerCouncil of the Twelve dedicated the were altered.

ly president of Salinas Branch, as his chapel of the San Fernando Ward, San counselors. the Comprising San Jose Fernando (California) Stake. Many of the wards and stakes of are theStake (formerly San Jose First,

held the Church Eve New Year's (formerlySan Jose), San Jose Second l 1 President O. David McKay dedicelebrations for their people. young Glen), ThirdWillow and San Jose - * of chapel cated the the McKay

(formerly Naglee Park) wards, from the Ward, Wells (Salt Lake City) Stake.

the Cruz,Palo Alto Stake; Santa and Pioneer Memorial The Mormon January 1953 Salinas, PacificWatsonville, Grove and latest list of Bridge, to the addition

all ofwards, the formerly branches crossings Missouri River linking Iowa A President O. dediDavid McKay Mission, California theNorthern and to traffic, and Nebraska opened was the cated of chapel the Laguna Hills branches,Gilroy and Harmony colorful elabproceedings. amid A more Beach Branch, California Mission. of likewise the branches werewhich orate next dedication is planned May.

inmission. the Palo Remaining bridge connects and Alto The CounOmaha President K David broke O. McKay are theStake Altos Burlingame, Los

cil Bluffs. for a ground mission of new home(formerly View), Sunnyvale Mountain of A. President the Oscar Kirkham California the Mission, to be located on (a created Park from wardMenlo new First of Seventy the dedicated Council the block. Los Angeles templeparts Alto, of Alto 4Palo Palo Ward), the renovated of chapel remodeled and

City, wards. San and MateoRedwood the Lehi First Ward, Lehi (Utah) President dedi- O. David McKay of a Stake hasPalo Alto membership Stake. of the cated chapel the Ontario4049. with Jose Stake, a memberSan

ship of 3208, is the 202nd stake now | Q The First Presidency announced Ward, Nyssa (Oregon) Stake.

It creinfunctioning the Church. was of the Elder appointment Howard for choristers organand I 9 Courses of direction Eldersated the under Henry in a R. Stone, high council the member ists of the Salt in began Church L. of Stapley Delbert theD. Moyle and Stake, (California) San Joaquin direction the of as Lake City under the of theCouncil Twelve. of president the Mission. Samoafn He general also committee. Classes music

first B. formerly Elder Blood, Alan S. Paul, succeeds President Earl who for at Preston, began musicians Church presidency, suscounselor stake in the

is served has since 1951 and March now Idaho, 19; Smithfield, January Utah, as of presidenttained Davis (Utah) illness. released of Presibeing because Logan, 20; Utah, 21; January January PresidentStake, succeeding Leroy H. filled in dent mission Stone a Samoa Utah, 22; Hyrum, January Spanish and to preside recently appointedDuncan, 1930. to 1927 from Fork, 23. Utah, January Mission. Elder Africanover the South

formerly Hess, counsecondMilton J. 1 of Richards President Stephen L society genealogical of the 1 The

firstselor, counselor, as sustained and First the Presidency delivered the that they announced have Church clerk, L. Beers, stake formerlyAllan of over the the Air"address "Church rolls foot of microone hundred 80,653

as counselor.sustained second radio Broadcasting System Columbia is available. records filmed This equivnetwork. The title of his sermon was alent to approximately 1 16,340,000 pages

December 1952 "TheElderSupremeDelbertGift."L. Stapley of the Counofgatheredvaluablethroughoutgenealogicalthe world.informationAlcil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel though use of books in the library inin services the were held Funeral O of the Scottsdale Ward, Phoenix (Aricreased four percent the in 1952 over

'for Elder Tabernacle Salt Lake Stake. zona) year, previous use of microfilmed records

John A. Widtsoe of the Council of the The chapel of the Winterthur Branch, increased 47.3 percent.

Twelve. SwissAustrian Mission, was dedicated by Title to seven acres of land in Berne,

retiring Mission President Samuel E. Switzerland, upon which the first EuroIt was announced that General Bringhurst. pean temple of the Church will be

Superintendent Elbert R. Curtis of built has been brought to President

the Young Men's Mutual Improvement 7 It was announced that Elder EdDavid O. McKay by Elder Samuel E.

Association would serve for the ensuing ward O. Anderson, Church archiBringhurst, recently released president

year as a member of the exploring comtect, had been given the fulltime asof the SwissAustrian Mission, it was mittee, and the committee on relationsignment of architect for the Los Angeles announced.

ships, Boy Scouts of America. Temple. (Continued on page 204)

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.7hstecf by Women/

. Approved byWomen/

Less bending Less stooping

CURTIS BRINGS YOU THE

WOMANSTYLED KITCHEN Women designers—women home economists—thousands of women homemakers—helped design and style YOU HAVE ASKED FOR!

the new Curtis kitchens for YOU! They found the 53 kitchen features women want most—and put them all into

cabinets that fit any size or space, any kitchen arrangePLAN YOUR KITCHEN TO SUIT YOUR ment, any style of home. OWN CONVENIENCE!

NEW BEAUTY! You can have your new Curtis kitchen in An oven at just the right level for your height. Easy

charming natural birch!... REAL HARDWOOD, evento get at. Located in your kitchen where it's most congrained, so often used in fine furniture. Here's a wood

venient. that lends itself perfectly to stains or other popular natural finishes which you can apply so easily yourself. Surface units placed right where you want them... in

Your Lumber Dealer will help you plan and style just the handiest place. Save countless steps every day.

the Curtis kitchen you want... of a cost to fit your

budget. More than one oven—if you need the extra capacity

M&M HAS A FREE BOOKLET FOR YOU! or extra surface units.

- MORRISON MERRILL & CO.

BUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS 205 NORTH 3rd WEST—SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

ALSO AT: BOISE - POCATELLO TWIN FALLS, IDAHO - AND RENO, NEVADA

MARCH 1953 137 It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

"The rats and the mice,

did lead me such a life..."

Have you heard the story of Jasper, Indiana? The in mama's kitchen, not to mention family health.

town the rats deserted? And the flies deserted? The This revolution began with General Electric regarbage-less, and the garbageman-less town? search, way back in 193 1. First units were built in 1935.

Ingenious city fathers had an idea, now known as Now over a quarter million G-E Disposalls are inthe "Jasper Plan,"already spreading to other towns. stalled across the country. Over a million dollars was

"Why in our beautiful town of 6,800 people,"they invested to bring this device to its present perfection.

said, "must our lovely housewives play nursemaid to Now it looks as if it was certainly worth the effort.

decaying, messy garbage, waiting and waiting for We're not telling you this story to try to sell you someone to cart it elsewhere?"Disposalls. That's the job of another very capable

Press, radio, and clubs rallied citizens to the idea. department of General Electric. Though if any city

A giant purchase of G-E Disposalls was undertaken. fathers read this, and are interested, a letter to General

Jasper became the first city to outlaw garbage collecElectric Public Relations, Room 123-2, Schenectady, tion. And a recent publichealth survey confirms N. Y., will bring further information.

something the citizens already knew... fewer flies We're telling you this story with another point in

and rats... with the resulting improvement in mind. Somebody has to pioneer things. Somebody has

general health. to dream a bit, work a lot, spend a lot, and worry a lot

Other cities picked up the idea. Herrin, Illinois. to get better things going. Finally things happen.

Then Mount Dora, Florida. Looking ahead, five, ten, fifteen years—and doing

Shorewood Hills, a suburb of Madison, Wisconsin, something—is the aim of General Electric. We like

bought G-E Disposalls for its 475 homes, paid for the responsibility, because we like the results. We

them, keeps title. We may be witnessing a revolution think you do too.

oa cmi /w/ uotit conAhmice GENERAL ELECTRIC

138 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA by Elaine V. Emans

have watched a flotilla of cloudboats

Over my head and scud before the March wind.

I have lain on a hill, in summer, in clovered grass, And given names to the cottony animals pinned An interval on the blue, and then let go.

I have seen clouds that were veils of autumn haze And a cloud overspreading the sun, prescient of snow, And been glad of the sun again, on winter days.

I have watched a cloud on the face of a child Darken until tears came, then disappear.

And I have known a cloud, when someone v>vy smiled, To rise from my own heart if the smile was dear.

I have loved clouds, and I have loved a

JffM"In cloudsrift when there was a need for them

MARCH 1953 to lift. 139

UNFORGOTTEN FIELDS SPRING AWAKENING REBIRTH

By Cliff Walters By Verda Mackay By Catherine E. Berry

sold their first lain for days, the seed has months,T.hey spring in Utah was something For Brown, see. farm, did Gramps and MY to in earth, the Gramma Cold and hardpacked

Yet didn't deed away their memories. There were bright puffs of flowers on each Then, at some hidden signal, stirs

Quite often in their little house in town bush and tree. Into murmurings of birth.

They walk again an old yard plumed with I was lonely and homesick all winter trees. through. The air still holds the winter cold;

They still see robins dance on fields freshWhen spring came to Utah, I wakened Frost still lingers on the ground;

plowed, anew. But down below, deep buried yet,

Still hear from pasture bend the tinkling There is a quickening of sound.

bell; I all in things here winter came were when frail roots out venture beneath; TheStill blosthe orchard, breathe springtime sleeping.

. tear apart; shells crack and Hard boughed, somIt just'springseemed'. only as though was

chill, cloak, gray winter wears a Though the creaking hear the windmill byAnd creeping.

in heart. spring's Life begins warm well. I of out the skies song a heard When

Regrets? A few, perhaps; yet solace of sweet,

The knowledge that a younger, stronger I looked and saw flowers were kissing my pair feet. > INFLATION

crops, reap, not onlyWill but lasting love < By Sylvia Pezoldt that to their land has trusted ageFrom care. INTERMEZZO Spring's Midas touch is on each daffodil;

* By Florence Holcomb Martin In March such gold will buy most anyTHE MOTTO Through restless days she sought the In spitething;of snow and north wind's wintry

springs chill By Dora Flick Flood Whose outward touch would vibrate inner We know that from each yellow cup will strings; spill

stood before it in the quiet room She stood beneath tall trees and listening The gold of spring.

I with furnishings in quaint, oldfashioned heard mode. Like melted speech, the story of a bird...

I sofa, the haircloth rich heirloom, saw exquisite pulses sensed rhapsody, Her POSTPONEMENT petit point, thethe gay afghan. All showed to... listened but some melody Not seen

a heritage of peace. I saw, within Wherein dumb longings happily had found By Elaine V. Emans

to mind, the children comemy inward speech won from the earth's spell or say An 0[H, I shall go to the gallerythe crinoline words embroidered on the sound. low

"Yesterday is past. Do right today."In trembling chords, their revelations were, To see what art is achieving

With threads of terra cotta and of blue By some external muse, transposed for her. But today my tulips have unveiled

in true crossstitch the motto seemed to hold The song of cloud mist caught along brown Colors beyond believing.

suddenlypredominance and renew boughs, to library I shall the go And faith. in those hearts wisdom life, What lover's ofmy youthful of Earth's quickening sing, the poets hear what To old! vows

little today, today a bird But brown called journey onward, mind, me.. arpeggios, disciplinedMy but my. green Cascading telling spring! of me overflowing disinclined. so seemednow of blue Into wind. Is plumes white music and

DESIGN FOR A HOOKED RUG A FENCE A WOMAN'S GOLD

By Mildred Goff By Edwin E. McDonald (OnWeighinglooking Gold,"at the painting,by Jan Vermeer.)"A Woman

her windowpane, the snowAgainst Annie Laurie Von Tungeln Is drifted deep this winter day. TheyA fencehaveofa anyspecialkind;lure for me: By

bright colored draws a hookHer ones, from brass, ornate wrought hand row The woman should weigh her gold each thoughts are far away. HerOf loops. vined. green ones, wooded The day:

lattice tips fence sharpened with A of of play. the gold gold work, AThe pictures gaiety summer'sShe neatly painted white And it If her heart keen, be discerns soon the looks winter's gloom. beyondAnd plot or garden a lawn Around has she gold That she ever more than tree; fingers bird fashionHer and height. just proper the At earns:

roses her red handsBeneath bloom. there I've noticed, nothing sometimes, voice, baby's her husband's love Her

Behind a lonely fence; Enrich her soul till it towers above

No grass, no garden, things quite bare: The brass and copper of everyday,

THE YEARS BETWEEN., An empty residence. All gilded things that do not pay.

the reason matter was what No builder's the mind, Within By Georgia Moore Eberling special a have They lure for me: POSSESSIONS of kind. any years that lie between us A fenceTe so dry, Are

far horizon By Jane H. Merchant on theAnd

lie. cloudsBlack crystal a has vase; Susan forget,I shall I hope, SIGNALS has a porcelain Paula bowl;

past; sorrowsThe Clara pitcher has a silver

mayNow we walk together By Marian Schroder Crothers With a silver scroll.

last. theTo

oh, theBut, dry

...In between and parched years ItSomeseemstrafficthat signalsNature forhas usarrangedall, TreasureBut my familyof themsaysall, theby finestfar,

Can even mended love For growing things glow green in spring, Is my ordinary earthen

Restore their sheen? Shine brightly scarlet in the fall. Wellfilled cookie jar!

140 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "THE LOST ONE"by President David O. McKay

"Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me?"ity. Of the second class, those who are unaware

"Lord, thou knowest that I love thee'* of being in the dark, there are many such "Feed my lambs."(speaking of, the nation at large as well as of us)

Jesus said to him the second time: little children growing up in darkness, uncon-

"Simon, son of Jonas, lovest thou me? * * * scious of the light, untaught and untouched

Feed my sheep."(See John 21:1516.). by religious instruction. Of the third, there

are many young men and women who wilfully was one of the last and one of the and deliberately choose the pathway of inThismost important injunctions that Jesus gave dulgence, which grieves the Holy Spirit and his Apostles, following the resurrection. leads them away from the testimony of the

The Savior's charge to watch over the gospel of Jesus Christ.

flock and to feed the lambs is as applicable It is a great mission, the greatest in the at the present time as it was in the days of world, to reach out after these young people,

Peter. The Church of Jesus Christ must parto extend a hand to the child, following Jesus'

ticularly accept this responsibility. injunction to Peter to bring the lambs into

In the fifteenth chapter of St. Luke there is Christ's fold. Indeed, there is nothing greater.

recorded another message from the Savior relaThe cost of training the child, if we can tive to the lost and found. That message is reach him properly and in time, is only a

embraced in three remarkable parables: one, fraction of the cost of crime in this country

the parable of the lost sheep; another, the lost which runs into many billions annually and

coin; and a third, the prodigal son. which is expended upon a relatively small part

In the first the straying one seems to have of our population.

become lost through thoughtlessly wandering There are two ways to stem criminality.

away for ordinary daily sustenance. Perhaps One is by united, concentrated public opinion.

the wandering was prompted by just a desire to The other, and more effective, is by personal seek the necessary things of existence. contact. There are countless men and women

The second, however, refers to a different who can look back with gratitude to the visit of some kind man, somebody who put his kind of lost one—one lost through the carelessness of another; and the third, to one who dehand on a shoulder and said: "Don't do that,"

liberately and wilfully becomes estranged from or "I commend you for your doing this, my

God. boy."Some word of commendation, some

I am not sure that I have applied these gentle hand has led many a young person back parables properly, but certainly there are just into the path that has given him the success such classes of young men and young women which he has attained. Personal influence

who wander away and become lost. There we must not lose sight of it. And the organizaare those in the world who become so absorbed tion which can supply that personal influence

in gaining a livelihood and so interested in with the least waste of effort, and with the the material things of life that they lose sight highest degree of efficiency, is the most potent of the importance of religious ideals and activ- (Concluded on following page)

iSS&S&S&A HtEditorsPage MARCH 1953 141 THE EDITOR'S PAGE (Concluded from preceding page) so encouraging as this), but it is the one who is lost organization in the world. My heart is filled with whom we should seek. And in each group there

gratitude to God for having revealed this organiare one or two, three or four, or more, who need special care, special guidance. How best can we zation—his Church. When I think how readily we

may reach every child within our domain, when I reach them? In this way: Let every teacher in the

think that we can go to him with the assurance that quorums, every teacher in these auxiliaries, have we can lead him into the presence of God, if he will before him the list of these who are "elsewhere."

but live up to the principles of the gospel, I feel a Be not satisfied with the good class you have spirit of appreciation overwhelm me. Sunday morning or Tuesday evening, but feel that

How may we reach these youth? In some of the the work is not done until you have carefully conorganizations of the Church every boy and girl sidered that "other list"which you hold in your

should be enrolled. His name or her name should hand. Perhaps you can't bring them all in. But

appear on some record, if not on several records, you can bring some, "And if it so be that you should throughout the Church, and some teacher or some labor all your days,"said the Lord through the officer has the obligation of coming in contact with Prophet, "in crying repentance unto this people, and every individual boy or girl! bring, save it be one soul unto me, how great shall

The bishops have before them the means in their be your joy with him in the kingdom of my Father!"

hands: the Priesthood, Relief Society, Sunday School, (D. & C. 18:15.) And who knows what that soul

Young Men's and Young Women's Mutual Improvemay become in the kingdom?

ment Associations, and Primary Association (not to One of the cardinal duties of the Church of Jesus name the Church schools and seminaries). I say Christ is the duty of accounting for every one. May

bishops, because the bishop is the head of these God inspire us to bring into the fold every child, organizations, and if the bishop will accept the reevery youth, and, as far as possible, every man and sponsibility of formulating and of assigning responsiwoman, for there isn't one who is not God's child.

bility for reaching those who have failed to enter into And when we are thus working, we are carrying activity, there need not be a boy or girl who within out the great purpose of the Almighty, the very two months'time may not have had a personal visit purpose for which he established his Church on from an efficient officer or teacher. earth, namely, to bring to pass the immortality and

The ninety and nine may be safe within the eternal life of man.

fold (although I think the figures are scarcely "Lovest thou me?"Then "feed my lambs."

What Is Christian Living?

by John A. Widtsoe

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

WhatTherequalityis asumssure,upunfailingChristianmarkliving?of the true

followers of Jesus, the Christ. This mark is the Evidences

power to forget oneself in the needs of others—we AND

call it unselfishness, the highest achievement of man. It is the only means by which swords shall Reconciliations

be beaten into plowshares and the earth become CLXXIII as paradise.

Should we not in this trying day search our own hearts? We need go no farther.

to surplus, give give of our to ready Are we of You shepherds, officials of the Church, are you

Is it to give in a joy to us to ourselves, those need? true fathers to the flock, giving love and more love

to the Lord that which he requests of us? to your brethren in your charge?

Is there unselfishness in our homes? Does kindness rule there? Does an unselfish love direct our These are the simple unfailing tests.

family life? If the answers are yes, we have made If a congregation, as followers of the Prince of

the beginning of the world's conquest of peace. Peace, would order their lives for unselfishness, a

What about our neighbor? Are we solicitous of notable beginning would be made toward world

his welfare? Do we look charitably upon his weakpeace. Others seeing the beneficent results would

nesses? Do we recognize his virtues without jealousy? follow our example, and the spirit of good will

Do we try to love him? would spread among men. Shall we not resolutely

In our business affairs do we refuse to take even try to do so?

lawful advantage of our fellow man? Will we divide Soullifting is the sequence of events when unpossible profits with him? selfishness rises in the human heart, when the real

142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA brotherhood of men is accepted, when there is a suraction. Peace is the child of love—the peace of

render to the divine program! Charity and mercy soul that frees man to progress towards the likeness

soon flow from the unselfish man. He looks with of God. Thus is the happy ascending sequence: unforgiving compassion upon the weaknesses of others. selfishness, charity, love, peace. All creation is

He seeks to succor all who are in need. Suchserv- pleading, praying, and weeping that unselfishness

ice begets love, the impelling principle of divine may be established among men.

Contributions of the

PIONEERS

Youtudeknowtodaymyandheartfullisoffullembarrassof gratiby John A. Widtsoe work.constantlyBut ofmytheworkworkremindedof the piome

ment. I am very grateful for the OF THE COUNCIL OP THE TWELVE neers.

friendships that I have managed to (JANUARY 31, 1872—NOVEMBER 29, 1952) In Logan where I lived as a boy,

gather throughout the years, for the we had real pioneer days. We have

many good people who have waited pioneers. Much that I may have forgotten them now. On the twentyupon me consistently because no man done in life has been inspired by fourth of July we all gathered, oxen

stands alpne. them. and handcarts, pioneers and wit-

I realize the importance of this When as a lad, I came to this nesses, and spent a day in real piogroup—Sons of the Utah Pioneers. land, it began to dawn on me as I neer festivities. At the end of the

If I had had the choice as to who traveled up and down Cache Valley day one or two of our eloquent orashould honor me as you have today, that somebody had done a great work tors spoke to us. Invariably they

I think my choice would have fallen to achieve that which had been actalked about the pioneers. They used

upon this group. complished in'the valley. When I Brigham Young as the example of the

The blood of the Utah pioneers is grew to maturity and began my scienpioneers. He was always spoken of

still running strong, and there is work tific work, one of my first attempts as a great colonizer, as a man of to be done. The fathers and grandwas to do something for irrigation, astonishing power to achieve what

fathers and greatgrandfathers of you that peculiar and peculiarly important he did, and all the while there here today tamed the desert, but practice of the pioneers in winning lingered in my mind the thought that there are other deserts left, just as the desert. I found as I looked about this man Brigham Young was somebig, just as important, just as unwillthat while we all praised irrigation it thing more than a colonizer. What

ing to be tamed as were the sagebrush was a rule of thumb affair. It had was it that he and his colleagues did

wastes of Utah. I have the trust no orderly, should I say scientific, that made them able to achieve what

that the pioneer blood is going to acbasis. they did? So, with the exhuberance

complish much in the way of wonders Then we made an attempt to of youth and courage of youth, I in our civilization of today. Evidences bring order out of irrigation chaos. undertook the toilsome labor of

are accumulating that this may be Water is life's blood, you know, of examining every scrap of information so.... the people here. We did not succeed and writing bearing on the work of

I am embarrassed to think I have very well. We will as time goes on Brigham Young. Out of fifteen or

been singled out as one of the men because others will carry on the twenty thousand references that I chosen for special honors at your finally gathered, a few hundred were luncheon meetings. I want to say to used in a book that you all may know,

you frankly that I have nothing in titled, The Discourses of Brigham my life to recommend me except one Young. I found that Brigham Young

thing—and thousands of men can was not merely a colonizer, that was

say the same thing—I have done a only a part of his work, just a secondday's work honestly all the days of ary matter, but the man was a great

my life, and if that can be spoken of philosopher, comparable with great me, I will be quite satisfied. I honor thinkers of any time, of all time.

the men who lead lives of devotion And then a little later we had and industry to the work they have lived a hundred years here, and we to do.... had a big celebration. I thought I

I am especially honored to be would contribute my little mite, so I touched by this group. Early in tried in my own weak way to dislife the Utah pioneers touched my cover just what the pioneers did,

life. I have given a good part of my and I had the courage to publish a

life, though I am not a descendant of little book on the subject called, How them myself, to a study and conthe Desert Was Tamed.

sideration of the work of the Utah (Concluded on following page)

MARCH 1953 143 CONTRIBUTIONS OF THE PIONEERS years old was Utah, the log housein the limelight I could not do my

EDITORIAL NOTE the tworoom log house, sometimes a best work. Over my study table or

still a manin conversations with young people The address by Dr. John Andreas oneroom log house—was

Widtsoe of the Council of the Twelve sion, and your forefathers had the I could work. I have been grateful

from which the following excerpts courage to organize the first univerfor the opportunities I have in trying were taken, was delivered to the sity this side of the Missouri River. to stimulate young men and women

Sons of the Utah Pioneers at a A noble gesture, a noble actionnow grown to maturity—there are

meeting, August 27, luncheon 1952, faith and education. some right here in this group today

held specifically to honor was which

Dr. Widtsoe for his contributions in 3. Since there were many, it took who began humbly, who needed

making "the desert blossom as the the third principle. We call it cohelp, just a little help, just a little

rose."This was Dr. Widtsoe's last operation. They helped one another. shoving to help them from failure to

public address in Utah. 4. The three foundation stones success. It is a great reward to see

little, and all knitted together—if I may those whom you helped rise a

use a poor comparison—by a fourth little by little, more and more, until

(Concluded from preceding page) one, industry. No one in that prothey have overtaken you and become

There were some very simple pringram was afraid of toil nor of paying bigger and greater than you are or ciples and some very few principles the price. Everything was given in were.

which laid the foundation of the work toil; therefore, victory came, and so I am very appreciative of this opof the Utah pioneers. I classified modestly and ever surprisingly and portunity and trust that out of it may

unexpectedly. come some good. I suppose everythem in my publication as four—four somewhat

great cornerstones upon which the What the Utah pioneers did was man in his life leaves lessons for

Utah pioneers did their work and to have faith, to seek education, to others—either for good or for evil.

upon which the sons of the Utah practise cooperation and to be in- I trust that mine may be for good.

pioneers did their work, and upon dustrious.... I have been very fortunate in my

which the sons of the sons of the I am grateful for my life. I am family. I found a girl; of course, she

Utah pioneers must do their work. grateful for the blessings that have is second to none, but in reality, inThey are eternal in their nature. come to me, for the kindnesses you telligent, capable, and helpful. A

They are the kind that will make the have shown me, for the success that man cannot do much without a happy world or destroy it if not used: has attended me. I have never sought home.

1. Faith. These men of the desert, the limelight. I have made it a busi- I have found friends by the thouover a hundred years ago, had faith. ness in life to keep away from the sands, tens of thousands. They have

I am ashamed of any son of a Utah limelight. I have always felt that all helped. I have lived, as I call

pioneer who has forsaken faith beit, In a Sunlit Land. There is no

cause he thinks he has found somedark land—only sunlit. The sun is

thing better, bigger. There is shining....

nothing finer, nothing bigger, more God bless you! I thank you again

lasting, more compelling, more infor the honor shown me today; and

spiring than faith. may the Lord of heaven be with you

2. Education. As the second prinin all your attempts, in all your

ciple they sought education. Three walk, and,4n all your talk.

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Julie's casual remark at dinner that she would need our help with her community problems class assignment was our introduction to the embryo of a fascinating family project. Her approach was not unusual, for we four (Glennis, our almost tenyear-old; Julie, just barely

a teenager; my husband, and I) have

become well aware of the worth of planning, playing, and praying together. What was unusual, we

thought, was the assignment.

"Miss Ensign,"Julie further explained, "has asked for a written report on as many of the historical landmark markers in our county as

I can find. My report must contain

the location, purpose, and inscription of each marker."

My husband and I exchanged glances. By telepathy we agreed

such an assignment was a big order for an eighth grader. But to the

child her father said, "It's my opinion that you will need our help on that assignment, Julie. How much time

has Miss Ensign allowed you?"

"About a month,"was the reply.

"Good,"my husband said. "We

shall plan our itinerary, and shall begin our search for markers next "... we looked up at the imposing monument, raised in commemoration of the

Saturday afternoon."Mormon Battalion which made one of the longest infantry marches in history."

The itinerary developed under my supervision. We had to know what

we were looking for, so our first step my husband came from work, we prefor such an errand? However, I said

was to obtain a list of the markers. pared and ate our lunch, cleared nothing as I settled myself in the

This proved to be slightly compliaway the dishes, and then dressed car. Julie was depending on us.

cated and resulted in our calling the ourselves for the outof-doors and Our excursion proved fruitful. In

Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks went forth. The sky was threatening, addition to acquiring knowledge

Association, the Daughters of the and the snow was deep. about the first flour mill in the valley,

Utah Pioneers, the Sons of the Utah Knowing it was getting late, my the establishment of the sugar rePioneers, and the Historian's Office husband, as he backed the car down fining industry in the West, the locaof the Church of Jesus Christ of the driveway to the door, urged, "We tion of the place the lone cedar tree

Latterday Saints. Julie, hesitating haven't much time. We must be stood on that hot July day in 1847

with inexperience, did this at my dioff."when the little band of people seekrection. The thought occurred to me that ing religious freedom observed the

The following week found us prethe last of what he said might easily barren waste that was to be their pared with a list of several dozen have a dual interpretation. Who, home, and various other items of

marker sites. Consequently, after but us, would desert a warm hearth historical interest, we also learned

that Father could read marker inscriptions from a greater distance the rest of us, that my long un- A COMMUNITY PROBLEMS CLASS ASSIGNMENT than

THAT GREW INTO A usedalmostshorthandas much proceduretime to recordrequiredas

Julie's longhand notes, and that

Glennis, very probably, might profit from instruction in etiquette because she giggled unrestrainedly at the Family Project pioneer names she thought so queer.

Most important of all, we felt that it was good just to be together. This

by Bernice B. Pollei was fun! But all too soon time and

(Continued on page 175) MARCH 1953 145 Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin at his desk in the Church Office Building. Madeline Bitner Wirthlin, wife of Joseph L. Wirthlin.

met his young and beautiful bride, and it was there that he spent his early boyhood days.

father, although successful in JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN His

acEIGHTH PRESIDING BISHOP merchandisingcame interestedandin stockmining.raising,He beOF THE CHURCH cumulatedmoved to Salta substantialLake City.estateBishopand

Wirthlin relates this story which ilby Bryant S. Hinckley lustrates the Wirthlin courage:

"Many years ago, there was a labor strike in Eureka, and the strikers

No sounder piece of... manhood was ing, soundly honest people, early imnotified Father not to deliver any

century of time,... strike on. the His grandfather, migrants to Utah. goods while was He 1—Thomasput togetherCarlyle.in this Wirthlin, leave to years ago replied, will Leopold 'You have many

was called on a mission. Times were that to my judgment.'Sometime

hard, and the family was poor.. In later the people at the boarding

Joseph Leopold Wirthlin, eighth order to make it possible for him to go, house sent word to Father that they Presiding Bishop of the Church of his only sold he was cow. While he were out of supplies, and needed

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, for salt sacks his wife sewed away, was born in Salt Lake City, Utah, one dollar a thousand. Through her

August 14, 1893, the eldest son of unceasing toil and rigid economy, Joseph and Emma Hilstead Wirthlin. she managed to care for the family

His mother's people were of Engand keep her husband on a mission.

lish descent and devoutly religious They were of Swiss descent.

people. Some marvelous spiritual

Bishop Wirthlin inherits his force manifestations preceded their conof character and executive ability in

Hilversion Church. to the Emma

singer talented a and a large measure from his father, who stead was from his boyhood days was conmusician, a brilliant and beautiful woman of unusual spirituality and nected with the livestock and meat leadership. At the time of her death, business. And while he was yet a

young man, he started in this busishe was president of the Relief Sofor himself in Eureka, Juab ciety of the Eleventh Ward of Salt ness there that Utah. County, he It was

Lake City.

Bishop Wirthlin's forebears on his father's side were sturdy, hardwork- Part of the herd of Hereford cattle which graze on the broad acres of ChurchiEssay, Sir Walter Scott. owned ranches in Canada. -..:... ':;-:.:.,::

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishop Wirthlin, right, and his counselors, Bishop Bishop and Sister Wirthlin with their children and grandchildren.

Thorpe B. Isaacson, center, and Bishop Carl W.

Buehner. food. He said, 'All right, I'll deties and to do things whether he liked He lives on a 110acre farm near

liver it.'He loaded his delivery to do them or not. There was someSalt Lake City where he manages a

wagon with supplies, got in the front thing in that experience that you do dairy and looks after the cultivation seat next to the driver and, with a not get out of textbooks or in the of his lands.

doublebarreled shotgun across his classroom. This training develops Joseph L. loves cattle and sheep

knees, rode down through the strikers selfreliance and leads to a disciplined and the wide open spaces.

and delivered the goods."and wellbalanced life. Furthermore, The Canadian ranches which he

In the summertime Joseph, before he grew up with a personal responsioversees for the Church cover almost he had reached his teens, herded his bility to his Heavenly Father. Both an empire, and grazing on these broad

father's sheep on the Tintic range. of these characteristics are clearly acres are thousands of Hereford cattle.

That meant that he must be up at manifested in his mature life. While this management involves

four o'clock in the morning and have By instinct and training, inhermuch correspondence and a great deal the sheep grazing on a distant hill itance and choice, Bishop Wirthlin of planning in his office, he goes up where his father could see them at is a businessman. The men are few there two or three times a year and

six o'clock in the morning, and he indeed who know the essentials of spends from ten days to three weeks had to bring them all to the bedding business as Joseph L. Wirthlin knows on the grounds.

at night. ground a man's was That is to them. acknowledged be one He extensive these In managing

it. job, did learned he he and Thus of of cattle best the judges sheep and is fulexperiencing the ranches, he at early to carry responsibiliage an that result found. can be a This is his of of the fondest filment dreams

of his early training with his father boyhood—to manage a great ranch

who in his own right was a man of with thousands of cattle. To go to

business ability. Canada and ride through the cattle,

More than thirty years ago, Bishop to breathe the fresh air of the plains,

Wirthlin started in business for himand to hear the lowing of the herds, self on borrowed capital, and he has brings a serene satisfaction to his built from the ground up a meat busiheart, and to ride a fine saddle horse ness based upon two guaranteesfor days over the grass covered hills, quality of goods and honesty of to mingle with the ranch hands, and weight. He now has a flourishing to work out with them plans for dewholesale and retail business. It is veloping the ranch, satisfies somemanaged by his eldest son, Joseph B., thing deep down in his soul.

a handsome and affable young man. The bishop is a shrewd buyer and

In days when he was devoting his a good salesman, and through his wistime largely to his own affairs, he dom and managerial ability, he has would be at his place of business from been able to make this great entersix o'clock in the morning until late prise a profitable one.

at night.. (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1953 147 advanced to first counselor in the

Presiding Bishopric.

The Office of Presiding Bishop Since he has served in these various

No organization instituted by the inof worship and of recreation, and in capacities, he knows Church work genuity of man is comparable to the numerous other ways assists in carryfrom all angles. He has had a close

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday ing forward the work of the Church. and intimate contact with people,

Saints for implementing a great proWith a fast growing organization and he understands their problems is purpose and aim whose gram all civilized the world, to spreading over in their soluto help and knows how orbless In this save mankind. and it rereadily that understand can one roots grass tion. very from the So of indispensable the ganization one quires of to adcapacity major a man

genius learned the of Church has he is office Bishthe of Presiding segments affairs office. of this minister the

It of impart plays op. a primary leadership. the past During twenty hundred and

the of functioning in the portance Presiding Bishops have come Few eight years, called to have been men its implications broadest In Church.

office. first this better exalted bishop office to great this a with The

after the this looks office temporal direct called Partridge was Edward by its redetails, of duties, knowledge presides over affairs the of Church, to bishop revelation the be unto "a sponsibilities, opportunities than its and all quowith Priesthood the Aaronic

K. Church."x Whitney, Newel was who

forcarries ramifications, rums and L. For Wirthlin. Bishop Joseph of called as through Aaron, was God

for the taking great program a ward years, apt underfourteen an he was revelation, Presidthe second became the 2 through the into homes gospel ing Bishop. succeeded by the of of was great the study He one modern

of Church. the system teaching ward the following in order named: Edward leaders missionaries distinguished and Priesthood senior Aaronic the Under B. Preston, Charles Hunter, William

of Richards. the Church, of it edu- a LeGrand plan conducts program, Sylvester Nibley, Cannon, Q. W.

the in training those for whose cation of the a only has study he Not made L. Richards, Joseph and LeGrand

It superinterrupted. been has Church office, this of requirements has but he Wirthlin.

vises the collection of the tithes and responsibility every also discharged assists in of the Church, offerings the 1D. & C. 41:9. placed as a counselor with upon him places of maintenance 72:8. construction and Ibid.,

signal ability. He knows this job

and, assisted by the capable men whom he has chosen as counselors,

Joseph L. Wirtein is carrying forward the great task

committed to his hands with credit (Continued from preceding page) and distinction. The work in this

"Dishop Wirthlin's lifelong training member of the high council of the office has been departmentalized and seemed a preparation for his asLiberty Stake and was president of organized with responsibilities defisignment as Presiding Bishop of the the Bonneville Stake. He did misnitely fixed, and with experts wherever

Church. He has come up through sionary work in the SwissGerman needed, so that the whole organizathe various quorums of the priesthood, Mission where he served for one year. tion functions smoothly and effectivefunctioning in all of them. He served Because of World War I, he was ly. The main office has about one

as superintendent of the Mutual Imtransferred to the Central States hundred and fifty employees under provement Association of the Eleventh where he finished his mission. the supervision of Taylor H. Merrill.

Ward in the Ensign Stake, was counIn 1938, he was chosen as second selor in the bishopric of the Thirtycounselor to the Presiding Bishop. Ceptember 14, 1916, one month after

third Ward, and was bishop of that Following the death of Bishop Marvin his twentythird birthday, Joseph ward for ten years. He became a O. Ashton, Joseph L. Wirthlin was L. Wirthlin married Madeline Bitner,

mSBimM:S Joseph Wirthlin, father of Joseph L. Emma Hilstead Wirthlin, mother Joseph L. Wirthlin as a baby.

of Joseph L.

148 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Joseph L. (back, center), as a boy, and three of his sisters. The Joseph L. Wirthlin family about 1922. The children

are, left to right, Joseph B., Judith, and Gwendolyn.

a daughter of Brennaman Barr and companion has always been a good husband steps, are now active in church, educational

Martina Halsethe Bitner. Madeline and father, and a generous provider. He pursuits, business, and homemaking.

books, newsreader—church

history,is the youngest of a group of ten ispapers,an avidmagazines, books of and In a discourse delivered in the Salt daughters, all attractive, interesting, biographies; these make him conversant Lake Tabernacle the bishop paid this

and brilliant women. She is a with many subjects. His unbounded tribute to his wife:

natural leader, a housekeeper, a energy keeps him active in various phases blessed a fine business, I have with been cattle raising, companfarming, andhomemaker, and a mother in all that of ion. of years the early In married our dairying, but nothing has precedence over

these terms imply. his duties in the Church. To this, he has life when it was a struggle, and I labored

This young couple were active in given constant effort and unwavering allein the bishopric of my ward; she gave me

dramatics and popular in the groups giance. For these qualities I am deeply encouragement. Many times I have come

with which they mingled. Their grateful, not only for myself, but for the home from work late. My clothes were

married life, though full of problems fineour examplechildren andwho,heritagefollowinghe hasin alsohis givenfootspread out; my meal(Continuedwas prepared.on page I 170)ate

and responsibilities, has indeed been a happy one. The Wirthlin home

is a center of culture, comfort, and hospitality where faith in God and love of country are engendered. It is

an example to all Israel.

This couple has created at the fireside the atmosphere in which strong men and noble women grow. They

have given to the world three sons and two daughters: Joseph B., Judith

W. Parker, Gwen W. McConkie,

Richard B., serving a mission, David

B. residing at home. These children

reflect credit upon their distinguished parents, upon the Church to which they belong, and on the community in which they live.

Madeline has always been a helpful and happy companion, cheerful and cooperative. She pays this tribute to her husband:

Thirtyfive years of married life have Riding is a favorite form of recreation of the Wirthlins. Bishop Wirthlin

brought many joys and few sorrows. My and two of his sons on their Murray farm.

MARCH 1953 149 The Stick of JUDAH and the

Part IIIStick of - JOSEPH

by Hugh Nibley, Ph. D.

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR, HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

the fitting together, on which Ezekiel lays peculiar stress.

We have noted the Jewish tradition that all the tribal rods were originally cut from a single staff, and that ancient commentators remind us that the rods naturally belong together because they were all shoots from a single stock.67 Both in the

Old World and the New, divination and identification rods "in their original form consist of split arrow shaftments, and are marked both inside and out with bands of ribbonings."68 What is behind this splitting

and rejoining of the stick may be best explained by the example of the ancient institution of tally sticks.

A tally, to follow the definition of the principal authority on the subject, is "a stick notched and split through the notches, so that both parties to a transaction may have a part of the record."69 In the ancient world, according to the same source, "the tallystick, split or unsplit, is widely used:

The Roll of the Law. Palestine. instances of it have been noted all

over England and Europe, indeed all

How Do the Sticks Become hand. First of all, there is, of course, over the world, and in all kinds of

One? the binding of the sticks into a ritual trades."70 In England, where tallies

bundle, by which the many become may best be studied, their use was

Theone prophetpoint: Nois mattervery emphatichow manyon theone:sticksEzekielbecomedulyoneexplainsso "I willthatmakeas withrequiredthe inroyalall businessexchequertransactionsfrom the

sticks there were originally, they them one nation."The Septuagint twelfth century (though they are

—"Andbecome onebringin themthe handtogetherof theto Lordthee fitof Ezek.them 17:7togetherreads,for"andthyself,thouintoshalta muchtheir placeolder)wasto thetakennineteenth,by paperwhenbills

for one stick... and they shall besingle staff of tying themselves, and and indentures, though the word

come one stick, and shall be one in they shall be one in thy hand."The "bill,"meaning a stick of wood, still

my hand."What is the strange Greek is as bad as the English, but recalls their use, 71 as does indenture,

manipulation by which one and one it is clear that the staves become one meaning a dent in the wood. A rod

make one? We are reminded of the by being fitted together first (synof hazelwood or willow was cut acmiraculous rod of Aaron that ate up apseis), and then held fast by tying cording to strictly prescribed rules

the wooden rods of Pharaoh's priests (tou desai). We have already had into two parts, one with a notch on

and still became no larger,66 but a occasion to note the ritual tying of the end called a stock, the smaller far more practical explanation is at the bundle; what interests us here is piece being the foil. 72 "The stock

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA went with the payer, the accountant;

the exchequer kept the foil."72 Being

cut with scratches and notches before the parts of the stick were separated, the tally furnished a foolproof control over both parties, for no two pieces of wood in the world would fit together perfectly to match mark for mark and grain for grain unless at their original marking they were one stick. When in 1297 one William de

Brochose tried to cheat the king's treasury by adding a notch to his half of the wood, he was promptly detected and sent to prison. 73 The

fact that both parties held parts of the tally is fundamental, "implying a check on both rather than a debit on one."74 Thus while the king held

his half as a foil on any attempt to cheat him, the other party held the stock (stick) by which he could prove his exact status in the contract:

from this the word stock is still retained in the business world, 75 while the old expression "lot and scot"beTally Sticks. The shorter sticks are the "stocks,"and the larger ones the "foils"

stick."were the stocks to which fitted to "become onetrays the original role of the arrow

(Reproduced "Archaeologia"Vol. from (1925), Plate lxv.) 74 75 inshaft the transmission of property.

The great advantage of the tally staff, Roll the I Plea while other Hebrew, that Jewish might even Bands, itstick that was parties gave to a furnishes for best the the evidence the break brotherhood between Judahcontract a sure identificaof means 78 tallies. of is private use Israel."though cut rod the and Now Whention and authoritative an claim upon tallybusiness deal great a of in of instead broken, was two, being Judah othereach matter no how many carried the king Israel between on and destroyed are but not and ormiles years how many might

(e.g. foreign parties the great Flemish separated; that the binds bond themseparate them. however, the When,

is the only merchant Cade), of Henry that together the (and meaning final all payment was the and made tallies foreign is the language found on loosened, strange the Bands) name ofterms the fulfilled, contract the is is English Hebrew. even separate their the Not ways. go and two

piecestwo joined were together at the 79 allowed. the is adopted tie Jews nations broken, the Had between Asexchequer, tied as one, laid and up tallies first for the time the govwhen so mightier the between bond Godforever in the vaults of the royal did, like everyernment they would is staff Beauty, the broken men, and

it as were "onebuilding—becoming else required to body have been is staff in the "cut two."This when 76in the king's hand."great So was official the adopt of marking method is process of reversal the the obvious

of sticksthe heap such in so the basethem; exception the remarkable sticks toof bringing the two divided

old of the ofment Houses Parliament, their case, persecuted made in and gether, as described by Ezekiel, that when they were ordered burned unpopular as they were, certainly imrenew the very covenants here brokento the conflagration, ensuing "accordplies their that they had Israel, own tradibetween and Judah—those... to theing story wellknown caused tion of tally marking, they which "all the between and and those God

firethe destroyed which the Houses retain. to were allowed tallyof people."technique the The 77of in 1834."Parliament At any

stick of establishing as a a means it this respect, In is strange thatrate "the exchequer reexacted a parties tobringing covenant and the consistently while commentators theturn of stock at audit,"and only contract is here gether in normal identifying of the sticks Ezekiel 37 sticks the as hadwhen been united plainly indicated. tribal rods, refer to the neverone was the standing of the debtor with

80 not establish the antiquity 76 We need ll. cutting of the rods in Zechariahcleared.

stick tallyof the working back by the that have noted breaking We Ezekiel's analogy story with The records of the the Middle through of signifies in a rod Jerusalem and is sticksof at the once apparent. But is fully for institution Ages, the met Ezekiel nation; destruction of the a

tallies of the really system anwas of earliest records the in developed of but the quite cutting a rod hascient, the did and have them? Jews illustrated antiquity. This be may another symbolism. Zechariah Thus isIt interesting this in to regard note of tickets the feastingarchaic the by I staff, 11:10: took even "And my all tallies tothat exchequer had be litOriginally Greeks Romans. and it Beauty, I cut asunder, that and

official Latin,written in the lanon tle tokens, these rods, everyone which I break might covenant* which my of state, the the notable withguage for to the to admission present had all v. the with people had made... of class ofexception important an feasts, various forms public great took "... I 14: cut then asunder mine

tallies in dates, the names, which tesserae. of In the by and went name

places, etc., are noted down in "(Italics author's) (Continued on following page)

MARCH 1953 151 THE STICK OF JUDAH AND THE STICK OF JOSEPH

(Continued from preceding page) tion, symbolized by the identification first the significance of messagestaffs the Roman usage, the guest who came sticks. The "extinct"nations are and tribal rods lay in what was writto the banquet would be stopped by summoned to the Great Assembly by ten on them—signs that had to be

an official or servant and asked to the Lord's herald, who takes their read and recognized. This cutting

show his token; this would be fitted marked rods and places them side by and divining of marks led to the readagainst a like token kept at the house side; they fit together perfectly to ing and writing of books. 84 To this

of the host, and if the two pieces become one stick as the herald perday the word book recalls the boxor matched perfectly the guest would forms the joining before the eyes of beechwood staves (cf. Ger. Buchbe recognized as one who had entered all the people. (Cf. Num. 17:9.) stabe, Oldslav. buky, bukva, "letter"),

in a contract of hospitium with the Judah and Joseph are thereby recogor sticks scratched with runes which host and duly admitted to the feast. 81 nized beyond a doubt as parties to were the first books in the North. 85

One is strongly reminded of the the original covenant long after Even the Latin word codex, now "white stone"that is borne by those separation and the original unity of venerated for its association with who "eat of the hidden manna"in the Covenant People is thereby rebooks of the law everywhere, means

Revelation 2:17. The act of placing stored. The united scepter is then simply a slip of wood, while the

the two tokens side by side (on which returned to the hand of the king classic liber means woodpulp.m The

Ezekiel is so insistent) gave the feast- (Ezek. 37:19, 2244) where it is to reoldest laws of the Greeks and Roing-token among the Greeks its name main forever, all outstanding debts, mans were kept on tablets and sticks

of symbolon, meaning to place (or the price of sin and transgression, (axones), which Freeman actually shoot) two things together. From it having at last been paid off and all compares with the sticks mentioned

comes our word symbol. A symbolon old scores settled. in Ezekiel. 87 "It is noteworthy,"says

is by definition something that has Ginzberg, "that the tablets and the value only when placed beside someWere the Sticks Books? rod of Moses were not only of the

thing else to show just what is "symsame weight (60 seah), but also of bolized."It is simply a very ancient But now we come to the crux of the the same material."88 The equating

tallystick—how ancient may be matter for Latterday Saints. Can of sticks with tablets is, as we have

judged from the use of wooden divinthe sticks of Ezekiel, along with everyseen, found among early Jewish coming-sticks at the prehistoric Italian thing else they represent, be undermentators on Ezekiel 37, and is exshrine of Praeneste and the Greek stood to be books? Strictly speaking, plained by Keil as a natural result

Delphi. 82 they were nothing else. A book, says of the emphasis which Ezekiel places

That the tribal rod, herald's staff, Webster, is "specifically: A formal on the writing on his sticks. The

or scepter is a glorified tallystick apwritten document; esp., a deed of celebrated rod of Moses might well

itpears in its nature an exact copy of conveyance of land; a charter."The be taken for a writing tablet, for

God's own staff,83 and in the protribal rods were just that, no matter had engraved on it "in plain letters vision that it is only on earth as a how brief the writing on them, while the great exalted Name, the names temporary loan, to be taken back in the whole Old Testament, in spite of of the ten plagues inflicted upon the due time into the hand of God, where its length and complexity, is a "book"Egyptians, and the names of the it rightfully belongs. 83 in exactly the same sense: a "testathree Fathers the six Mothers, and

ment,"a single binding legal docuthe Twelve Tribes of Jacob,"in other

Ezekiel, then, is talking sense when ment. But the identity of rods and words, for every function it performed,

of speakshe the sticks that betwo goes books it writing, to bear a specific makhad

It one.come that is not merely the Books and total of ing than thirty- a muchSticks—Fromfarther thanthe verythis. no less

ancients had such sticks, but that two separate inscriptions in all. 89 Howthey used them specifically in the many words does it take to make a

situation described by Ezekiel for a YOU HAVE A FRIEND book? In the ancient world, length

gatheringsummoning and of the naobject, single word and a was no By Georgia Moore Eberling the of establishmenttion and for itin contain a whole sermon could identity the of the along journey of and the renewing conSomewhere self. the seen in early use of This is yearstracts. scattered Israel tribes of The logos logographoi, the words and lonely, soul will shaded, find a road Each

are described as apparently lost for That he must walk, pursued by grief and which refer to a writing of any length good, smashed, dispersed, forgotten, fears, as opus or book. a separate life's of the Cast beneath burden downnay, all bones. looks This dead—dry load. are convinced commentators Many forto a far future time, bones the dry then, at have a Friend hand. Remember you

show us not a sick nation, not dying If you but call upon him, he will speak that the text of Ezekiel contains the one, nor even one now dead, but one And stand.comfort you and give you power to actual words that the prophet was

that has been dead for a long, long He offers might and courage to the weak. ordered to write on the sticks. Thus

time. That the nations are depicted God has not promised man an easy way, Kautzsch translates in his critical edias scattered far and wide, having AndBut therealwayswillstrengthbe a rocksufficientand coolingfor thespring,day, tion: "Take for thyself a staff of wood

lost their identity and disappeared While in the midnight hour you hear hope and write upon it: 'Judah and the

sing. Israelitesfrom history, is noted by the com-

5: God said, "I will not leave you comfortmentators—hence the need for a less,"Him, thethatlastarephraseAssociatedbeing withthe

miracle of resurrection, hence the His love abides to succor and to bless. actual words put upon the staff. Cooke

need for a sure means of identifica- (Continued on page 159) 152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "May I write my initials in one corner, Mister?"one of them asked.

H MAN WHO WOJtKtt with CCMWMT by Agnes Schiller

man who worked with cement a warm spiciness around and gave went on moving his tools. "Now,

in a patient andThetook odd jobs of fixing brokenthem shade. tell me,"he said

down places on the sidewalk. An When he had smoothed the cement, kind voice, "why you want to write

order had been issued to have it done. the man made seams in it according your initials here? Give me a good

He was not an important contractor to the design of the rest of the sidereason."The boys looked at him

with a large cement mixer. All he walk. The absorption of the youngwith interest. It was a new game.

had to mix the stuff in was a square sters was breathless. It was only "Each of you think about it a while,"

cement a little poured said, and tools he his to move he started was cement an item. when himtrough. To

if his trough, "and into a bag from yards a few portions, next crack, it in small onto the outHe doled reason—mixing up a little of it at a time. farther downhill, that the boys came I find you have good enough

Four boys were watching him to life. I'll let you sign."

work. Their eyes followed the long- "May I write my 'nitials in one "It's fun,"the first one said, right

handled shovel, back and forth. No corner, Mister?"one of them asked. away.

too fast. thought afraid you "I'm hole filled the he spoke whenone followed too, please!"another "Me, for reason It's a enough good not subgray the with sidewalkin the leader. the It surface. into the smooth cutting hard. it down packedstance and the third. a stick?"from "With the bit of doing,"quite a took me took the time, to man time From

a look at the boys and smiled. About "Can we, please, Mister?"the man said.

... because my bigthem hung the low and swaying fourth was the smallest. "I'd like to

branches of a pepper tree. It spread The man who worked with cement (Continued on page 205)

MARCH 1953 153 Genealogy

The

Walhalia Project

by Niel T. Hansen and Loris Joan Devlin

Hansen entertained the concept of inducing a party of four genealogically experienced members of, the

Melbourne Branch of the Victorian

District of the Australian Mission of the Church to undertake to visit the cemetery. Plans and preparations

slowly crystallized; several frustrative

incidents were survived; Leon readily

agreed to provide his car and act as driver; Winsome was specially instructed for the role of recorder; and

Loris of the Royal Australian Air

Force, came into Melbourne from

Laverton on the zero evening of

Friday.

Leon's car was loaded with blankets, equipment, and provisions, and quick progress was made in the darkness through sleepy Dandenong, and along the Gippsland Road. Not

until well beyond little Berwick, thirty miles or so from our point of

Halfburied house by Thompson River, Walhalia, Victoria, Australia departure in Glen Iris, did dawn commence. On eastwardly through several small lengthilyspaced villages

townships the through went, and we valley and the tains overhung that T. HanPersonnel Involved—Niel Good Moe. and Warragul, of Drouin, ores were goldbearing of tons A. Devlin, Leon many Loris sen, Joan to attained been time traveling had river waters rushing in the washed Bartlett, Mary Hayes. secdifficult the more this point, but nagradually valley bed. But the of 2 AuDate of WinsomeProject—Saturday, ahead. journey was of our tion deof treasure was ture's stream 1952. gust

Objective—To proceed by car to the pleted to the faintest trickle, and the From Moe we turned northeastcemetery of Walhalia and to record glory and romance of Walhalia ward over the La Trobe, Tranjil,

all visible genealogical data from evanesced as the goldseekers moved and Tyers rivers, and the chartombstones in same on above date. to other areas. In this year very acter of the landscape dramatically

upwards proceeded changed. We and houses have survived human is an old few now Foreword—Walhalia through road turning along an everthe permadestruction, elemental and the Victorian "ghost town"hidden in

bushland of the southern continent nent population consists of a few hilly, woody, and increasingly beautiof Australia. But during the closing scattered families and single persons. ful country, where lovely little pink

years of the nineteenth century it was Nature's tangled mantle of quiet and yellow wild flowers grow in a thriving, goldmining township, with green now undisturbedly covers the massed abundance beneath the tall, numerous substantial buildings and steep slopes where once thousands of closelygrowing eucalypts. Long vistas

a population of many thousands. eager miners and their families of treeclothed hills occasionally

Fabulous fortunes in the yellow metal camped. opened out before us; and, eventually,

were taken from the many mines The Narrative—For several months twenty miles or so from Moe, we

which honeycombed the steep mounprevious to the above date, Niel T. rolled into Erica, last lonely village

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA before our objective. In misty straglay. Loris and Leon were paired aligned graves, appeared to be

gling Erica, where strange cars and together and to them were allotted gradually crumbling and sloughing their occupants are subjects for obthe lower tiers of the cemetery; while into the valley below.

servation and comment, we stayed for Win and Niel made a circuitous climb With the aid of planks, sticks, and several minutes and purchased further to the upper tiers. To each girl was anything that came to hand, Niel and

provisions in a small shop. Then issued a notebook and a pen; and, Leon uncovered headstones, and read

onward we went, on the last stage of as recorders they were engaged durinscriptions that at a glance seemed our trip, along a treacherous, slippery ing most of the session in the cemeindecipherable.

road with many hairpin bends tery, while the men acted as readers. One incident, worthy of mention

through some of Victoria's wildest But not only as readers—they acted follows: Leon and Loris came upon

but most lovely scenery. as explorers, as clearers of rubble, a newlooking flat grave, with the

Then, about 10:30 a.m., we came to as breakers of defiant undergrowth, inscription on the face. This grave

the southern end of Walhalla, ghost for the cemetery of Walhalla, in 1952, had been in the path of the flood town of desolation, of mudswept was not as others. waters, and silt and rock were piled

ruined houses, of raging waters, It rose steeply up the side of the on top. We dug, scratched, and

mighty trees, and awesome beauty. hill, high terrace crowning high terscraped, and finally uncovered it,

But first we saw the cemetery on the race. Giant trees were prominently thus finding that the last burial had

side of a hill in what seemed to be supported by many smaller trees, taken place in 1950.

a quite inaccessible position. It was, and a tangled profusion of lesser It was very shortly after the above

indeed, far above us and mostly hidvegetative growths—dense and allincident that the last inscription was

den from our eyes on the steeply enveloping—covered the greater area, recorded. We had decided to work

sloping, denselywooded hillside. But to merge into the surrounding bushcontinuously until completion and not

to for lunch. adjourn so have adland unbrokenly To first thrill of conquest felt thewe that—particularentailed journed the have limits would ly in the in reach sighted and were had upper portions—thewe

where cemetery ended and virgin descent from the center of the cemeof our objective—the cemetery of

Walhalla. scrub began were not clearly detertery to the car; the preparation and

of partaking lunch; of these growths, mined. Most evident bridge a white, narrow crossed We to reascent disconcerting, were and especially the cemetery—alland, the tediousof of the waters frothing the grayover extensive mantles of vicious waistwhich would have consumed precious road suddenly ourriver, and then

of deep high and shoulderhigh blackberry time. a ribbon intodegenerated

miry mud, in which any other car bushes. Often only the tops of tall All members of our party worked

like unto Leon's would have been tombstones were visible, appearing most happily, earnestly and conquickly engulfed. When we drove into like small lost icebergs caught in a scientiously together. Genealogical

the outskirts of the town, we came sea of sullen thorns. Many horidata from just over one hundred inupon a house half buried in the silt zontal slabs were deeply and comscriptions relative to about 270 devegetation or ceased persons, had been securedleft behind by the swollen river pletely covered—with

flooded by the rains in June. with mud arid debris. The whole data respecting those who sleep in the

hillside with the cemetery, as indilonely, fastdisappearing cemetery of

Faint sunshine filtered through the cated by collapsing terraces and disWalhalla.

gray Walhalla skies, and, in the still air and with the promise of continued warmth, we alighted and the girls removed their heavy topcoats—for Walhalla Cemetery, Victoria, Australia

the air during all the long early morning journey had been cold.

We were directed, but went past the correct track, not observed by us, due to the tortuous nature of the terrain, the masses of overhanging vegetation, and to the circumstance that a tributary of the river crossed our questing path and had gouged a broad, broken, rocky channel through the ancient track. But eventually

we found a very difficult way up to the cemetery, which entailed clinging to anything that grew or was solid on the side of the hill. After looking down once, Win and Loris decided the best way to get up was not

to look again, or they wouldn't move an inch!

Our work of transcribing genealogical material from the tombstones commenced without any further deMARCH 1953 155 "For thou, Lord, wilt bless the righteous; with favor wilt

thou compass him as with a shield."—(Psalms 5:12)

AS WITH A SHIELD

by Fred G. Johnson, Jr.

to talk. he wanted

in his Dougof hayAdamsto threwthe cowsthe andlast forkfulsmiled earnestlovely andparticipationmature youngin classeswoman.at SunHer Heman waswith sowhomengrossed own

with satisfaction as he wiped the day School and M. I. A. had conmisery that he did not pay enough

perspiration from his forehead and vinced him that she had a sound attention to the other men to really started for the house. He had every knowledge and firm testimony of the get to know them. As far as he

reason to be happy, he thought. He gospel. The few dates he had manknew, all of them smoked and swore,

had been home from his mission for aged to have with her had made him told vulgar stories, and he wanted only three weeks, and already his very sure that he wanted to know her nothing to do with any of them. He

muscles were hardening to the work. better. She seemed to like him, too. was so miserable that he did not even

The pleasure in honest toil that he There was only one cloud on the feel any joy over the fact that the had found during his boyhood on the horizon of his future. That cloud next day was Sunday.

farm was returning. was the prospect of being drafted. Early Sunday morning, Doug went

As he washed for supper, Doug But this was of no great concern, beto attend the general Protestant servthought of other reasons for feeling cause he felt certain that he would ice, still with a feeling of bitterness satisfied and content. He had cernever pass the physical—not with in his mind. Once inside, however,

tainly been blessed since his return his bad sinus condition. No, in his the peaceful atmosphere, together

from the mission field. The Sunday own mind nothing would keep him with the sacred music being played

School superintendent had asked him from finishing his education, working on the organ, softened his feelings.

to take the missionary training class in the Church, finding a wife, and After the sermon, the chaplain anthe first Sunday he was home, and settling down to rearing a family. nounced that a Latterday Saint

two of the neighboring wards of his The thought filled him with exhilaraservice would be held in the chapel stake had invited him to speak at tion as he patted the wave into his that afternoon. Doug was overjoyed!

their and went whistling into the sacrament meetings. This, and hair It was two o'clock sharp when Doug kitchen. keeping busy on the farm, had made that afterapproached the chapel

it easy for him to adjust to the change F)oug took one last swing with his noon, and as his foot touched the from the mission field.

grass cutter as he heard the step, the organ began playing the

His prospects for the future were sergeant call "That's all for today, familiar strains of "Come, Come, Ye bright, too. He could save enough men."Grimly he wiped the perspiraSaints."... "Why should we mourn,

money from his summer's work to ention from his forehead, and started or think our lot is hard?"Why

rol at the university in the fall. His wearily toward the barracks. The should we, indeed? Doug stopped,

mission had given him a love of the situation had changed considerably in and suddenly all the loneliness and scriptures and Church history as well the last two months, and he had every bitterness, the doubt and uncertainty as a desire to impart that love to reason to be bitter about it, he that had filled his heart in the past others. This desire had made him thought. Ever since he had received weeks seemed to leave his soul. "All

decide to become a seminary teacher. his notice to report for a preinduc- is well, all is well."A sudden realizaThe fact that Velda Steed was a stution physical examination, things had tion of his blindness wrenched tears

dent at the "Y"was more of a factor gone from bad to worse. Everything from his heart, and it took him a

in his choice of schools than he liked happened so fast after he took the moment to gain control of himself to admit. When he had left for his examination that he hardly had time before he entered the chapel.

mission, he had considered Velda a to think. As the service proceeded accordgiddy schoolgirl like every other Adding to Doug's unhappiness was ing to the familiar and beloved patseventeen-yearold girl he knew. the terrible loneliness he felt. He tern, the last vestiges of doubt and

Since coming home, however, he had had been on the post for six days, bitterness in Doug's heart were discovered that she was now a very and he had not encountered a single washed away by the healing waters

Through the Eyes of.V /-.-'-:YOUTH;..-'.': ';'-

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of humility and repentance. It was school, and he was one of the finest racks—one to whom he could teach

a sacrament meeting, and he was persons I ever knew. So when the the principles of the gospel. He

surprised to find over one hundred chaplain said this morning that there realized now that there would be men in attendance. The two speakers would be an L.D.S. service, I thought plenty of opportunities for missionary

were fellow servicemen, and they I'd come and see if I could find out work while he was in the army. Those

earnestly related how they had been what their church is like. The servwith whom he associated would soon

blessed in the service. They were ices today have impressed me a lot, see that his conduct was on a high

particularly grateful for the opporand I sure wish there was an L.D.S. plane, and like Bill Clark, some of

tunities they had had to tell their chaplain on the post to tell me more."them would want to know why. As

buddies about the Church. They With humility in his heart, Doug long as he lived his religion and kept

humbly confessed their inability to explained to Bill that he had served himself humble, he would always explain it as they would have liked. as a missionary for the Church for have an opportunity to teach the

Doug found himself feeling very small two years, and that he would be very gospel.

and very humble as he realized how glad to answer any questions he His prospects for the future were selfish he had been to think only of might have. Bill accepted his offer bright again. He would have an ophimself and his own desire to be out of the information, and the two portunity to further his education in

of the army. walked back to the barracks together. the service, and he could save money.

As he mingled with the young Each one felt that he had found a Wherever he was stationed, he men at the close of the meeting, real friend, and both were happy in would find opportunities to particishaking hands and exchanging greetthe realization. pate in activities of the Church. He

ings, Doug was amazed to recognize As he finished his prayers that and Velda were both young. While

a fellow from his own barracks. night and crawled into his bunk, he was in the service, they could

Hurrying to him, he offered his hand Doug thought of the reasons he had determine whether their attraction and asked hopefully, "Are you a for feeling satisfied and content again. for each other was based on a real

Latterday Saint?"He had discovered that he would have harmony of ideals and goals in life.

"No, I'm not,"the young man, the privilege of associating with other As he closed his eyes to sleep, there whose name was Bill Clark, replied. Latterday Saints in the service. He were no clouds on the horizon of his

"But I used to know a Mormon in had found a friend in his own barfuture.

MARCH 1953 157 by Em Willes Wangsgaard

"... entered She the had mountains

near valleys less her fear of own and hadThehindtwotheirIndianguard.womenThreelaggeddays hadbepainful.We slip away."No brave, he. No strength. travel."daytime

passed since the Gros Ventres had Winona answered, "No can go.

launched their raid on the Bannocks Great is my need, my sister, but bein the Raft River region in southern cause of my papoose I cannot run iums. In front of them was a grove

Idaho; had killed seven braves and far, and I must have food."of cottonwoods and willows flanked

taken scalps; and had made off with "Papoose?"Silver Leaf quesby thick undergrowth of serviceberry,

wild currant, wild rosebushes. andthe of tioned. wife two women—Winona, entered the grove. They The air sister,the Bannock chieftain, and her Winona nodded. "Four moons

was sweet with the blossom fragrance.Silver Leaf. Every few years, espegone,"she said. "The wise do not Winona plucked a branch of wildcially if it were a starving year and travel without food."

springtime, the Gros Ventres swooped They were in the valley of the currant bloom and sucked the nectar from the small as gold trumpets she the tribes various ondown River, Shoshoni Portneuf their food and was walked. to She turned to speak herin of the robes, securing horses, also. captors'hope problem, braves The sister, Silver but Leaf disaphad

food, scalps as trophies. a few over the and in gone had Bannock Range peared.

The captive women were dressed search of game. Only the aged, The guard looked back and waited.

in gowns of soft buckskin with wide crippled man stood between them and "Where other one?"he asked.

flowing sleeves and low necks, em- a chance at freedom. Winona stood silent.

broidered in front with modest deThe three plodded slowly southWhen the old man realized that signs of dyed porcupine quills. eastward; the old man limping painSilver Leaf had slipped away, he

Winona (firstborn girl) wore her fully on his swollen feet; the two burst into a torrent of wrath. His

shining hair parted in the middle women behind him—Winona gazing language was unfamiliar, but the

with one black plait wrapped around straight ahead, eyes vague with meaning was plain.

her head like wampum. Two glossy thought; Silver Leaf studying one Winona stood humble and still,

black braids hung down Silver Leaf's landscape for cover where a fleeing waiting for his anger to take outlet lithe back. girl might hide. through her. With no outward sign

The younger woman spoke. "Go They were crossing a natural of fear she heard him out. Words,

slowly, my sister."She pointed to meadow of deep grass, starred with words, that was all. She could bear

the guard. "If we do not follow, creamy white columbines and pierced talk. Then suddenly she blushed.

what can he do? His feet big and by tall spikes of dark blue delphinShe knew why he had not beaten

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Finally, the dancing ceased; the mourning ceased, and the easy hapAUTHOR'S NOTE: camp was broken, and all were on piness returned to the speech and

Credit is due the Daughters of the their way. They traveled steadily songs of the roving band.

Utah Pioneers in their volume, Heart eastward, varying their course only At last a canyon trail carried them the West, for Throbs of an account as the rivers and canyons deviated through the Wind River Mountains, of of the Pocatello's adventures mother as told to Minnie F. Howard slightly from a bird's course, but aland Winona looked down on the

by the chief's granddaughter. The ways steadily onward toward the tablelands of Wyoming. Far, far to

names of the women are fictional. eastern plateau which was the home the eastward her eyes scanned the

of the Gros Ventres in summer. landscape, and no more mountains

The trail was rough, a canyon blocked the sky. This was the homeher. Her captor, Elk Horn, conjagged with lava rock, where shale land of the Gros Ventres.

sidered her his wife, and the aged cut Winona's moccasins. Sumacs and Along the banks of the Big Horn

one dare not punish another Indian's oak brush snatched at robes and moclay the Indian camp. Elk Horn took

squaw. His anger burned down, and casins and impeded progress. Winona to his tepee.

they trudged on. In the dark, damp ravines, the wind Inside sat another woman, older

A crash of brush, and the hunting soughed through the blue spruces than Winona but still young. Beside

party came into sight. The hunt and shaggy firs and filled the air with her stood a little girl, four or five

had been successful. One pony supan invigorating pungency. On the summers old.

ported the limp body of a deer. The drier, colder slopes gnarled cedars The other woman stared, and her

venison was soon packed for the sprawled. eyes were black pools of hatred with

journey. They hurried off on the Each night when camp had been spurts of green light flashing from

eastward trail. made and they had eased their hunthem. Winona thought of the owl

Night and day they traveled, past ger from their scant supply of dried and remembered the ominous sound the hot springs, through the cedar deer meat, they lay down for a brief of its hooting. She knew that Indian

groves, over brushcovered flats, up sleep. At such times, Elk Horn tied scouts often emitted the cry of the

one canyon and down another beside Winona securely with ropes of buckowl when they were on the warpath, full streams. Winona studied careskin. and she knew what dreadful massafully this trail over which they The second day out from the war cres often followed the hooting. She

trudged, fixing her mind on an outcamp, a young Indian brave died. thought of the woman as Hinapaga

cropping of basalt, a grove of aspens, The Gros Ventres made a small tent (the owl). She learned her name

a mound of oak brush, the width and of his buffalo robe, inside which they was Yarrow.

of a stream. course placed near the they body and which as in So long Elk remained Horn

in sight of night they came an One all his belongings. heaped Each could camp, hatred advance noIndian that camp. Winona knew his possessions over brave looked own farther eyes. Yarrow's the than But

to friendly these Indians the were gift as a that chose and he which food. braves needed camp The went fact Ventres, that the theGros by it laid precious considered most and hunting.raiders neither slackened quieted nor of the beside valuables the on mound

but trailed boldly into camp. She corpse. All summer long Winona did the

of the household. of her work One it this site thatdecided from was

left dried meat, in They wrapped heaviest tasks that of gathering was raiding theirthat the party had made bit of a blanket to burned ward off fires, for fuel the winter grubbing byplans, set here from they and had coyotes, beside the heap as a final the dead willows along the river bank,forth.

offering his along for with weapons up, breaking It and carrying them a them of famitemporary was camp still his on, hands now and roamed lies, to her buffalo robe in a on booty. for the camp waiting war Now mourning. recalled brave Soon each

labor, back. of hard the the return braves they but Winonawith It was

were planning to break camp and rethe gift he had made, which had was used to work. It was no disgrace

a great sacrifice been and him made theirturn to for chief's grounds. wife her a with to labor summer

feel generous proud. braves and The

felt warriors'anxiety the of Indians'hands.Winona standard The sat higher their horses, on the and

retaliation the aconcerning from to willingness a worth was woman's to brighten. began company The tribes, full but theyShoshoni were for acquisition, in order work, but not

of triumph and wanted to celebrate. to give. Besides, the warm air along

The chief looked over their trophies the river bank and the cooling shade and called his people together, saying, of the willows with the song of the "Our braves have done well by us. water was a welcome relief from those

They bring us scalps from our enedevouring eyes back in the tepee.

mies. They bring us a Shoshoni With her, to the river bank each

woman. We must dance for joy."day, went little Oopehanska (the

The scalps were tied to a pole, thrush), Elk Horn's baby daughter.

and the pole was planted in the Winona's empty heart accepted the ground. The Indians danced around child as a friend. She fashioned a

the pole, chanting and dancing to the small robe for Oopehanska and rhythm of the song. The feeling of taught her how to gather the wood

triumph mounted. and carry it on her back to the pile

Winona sat alone and at a distance at the camp. Oopehanska was so

in the darkness, staring into the young that she could carry only a empty dark. (Continued on page 179)

MARCH 1953 159 THE HUB OF EARLY HISTORIC FORT LARAMIE WESTERN HISTORY by Hazel Noble Boyack Part I

Historic Old Fort Laramie, as it appeared about the time the L.D.S. Pioneers entered the Salt Lake Valley, 1847.

Theagainhistoryin theof fascinatingthe early Weststorylivesof stream'sof cottonwood,marginboxelder,were thickand growthswillow, whichchristenedwas Oldin hisFort honor,Laramie,chiefwatchof that famous western landmark, Old while the surrounding prairies were ful defender and guardian of the

Fort Laramie! carpeted with thicktufted buffalo frontier for more than a half cenThe event of its founding came at grass, interspersed with hedges of tury.

important inan history roses wild fields moment of blue waving and fur trade thrill- a The written had the great of daisies. Itwhen western drama invitwhite and was an ing chapter in history. western Incolonization getting was for a underway, ing large of buffalo, herds domain

trepid mountain in clad men, bucksurging ofmighty wave deer antelope humanity to feast that and came skin, faces with sunburned and east the to thefrom the vegetation. lush on red man, The west—home bearded, gone, had come leaving and

libertyhungry, land hungry, hungry. alert to the always hunt, swarmed the area their depleted rich catches by

oxcovered drawnThe trails along wagon, intersecting symto that led bol of that great western movement, this hunter's paradise. in beaver, otter, mink, and fox. But

the buffalo, of that the monarch in pass thiswould review before trappers early traders The and comstill plains, the roamed grassmantledwilderness outpost, a pivotal point in the on prised the vanguard movement prairies in countless Plans numbers.

ofthe route the Trail. west. Old Oregon to hardships, Seasoned they

The fort served first as the central cared little for wind or weather nor were hastened for a trading post to handle this abundant and bulky trading post, the capital of this early were they apprehensive of dangers commodity of the western plains.

western empire, and later as the most that constantly lurked about them.

important military garrison on the The toils and perils of the period reAt an early period in our story, route to the West. ceded into unimportance matched two buckskinclad pioneers entered

The vast area influenced by Fort with the fascinating pursuit of skins. the scene, both well versed in the

Laramie's protection during those One cannot disparage the tenacity of lingo and lore of the frontier. One

early years in the West, today compurpose and the hardihood that carwas William Sublette, a native of prises the states of Utah, Nevada, ried these mountain men through this Kentucky, one of five brothers, all of

Montana, Wyoming, Colorado, northinhospitable period of the early West. whom had tasted the fortunes of the

western Nebraska, South Dakota, The French were the first to freWest. William, however, was to beand Kansas. quent these western wilds, to navicome the most famous. Gifted with

Genius and geography entered ingate the streams, and explore the an astute mind and the qualities of to choosing of this strategic spot for forests. They joined Indian tribes, leadership, he was quick to note that

a fort. At this point the waters of married the dusky maidens of the a transition period had come to the

the tranquil North Platte and Laramie forests, and adopted Indian dress and West, and he planned to make the rivers unite. Here in this bordercustoms. The names of many of most of it.

land region between mountain and these rugged frontiersmen appear in Robert Campbell, a man of Irish deplain, a network of western trails the pages of Fort Laramie history. scent, and one who had traveled

converged, and like the spokes from Jacques la Ramie, a hardy Frenchwest with William H. Ashley in 1824,

the hub of a great wheel, radiated Canadian, came west about 1818. As became Sublette's partner and toout again onto the high plateaus and a free and restless trapper of the gether they founded the first fort on

beyond the shining mountains of the period, he sought his fortunes on the the Laramie River in June 1834. It

West. streams of the West. While thus enwas christened Fort William in honor

The landscape about this selected gaged, he met death at the hands of of Mr. Sublette.

spot delighted the eye. In the bot- a band of Arapahoe Indians. From The fort was constructed rectangutom lands of the Laramie River grew this littleknown and romantic charlar in shape, and the walls were

luxuriant natural grasses. Along the acter, many landmarks were to be made of hewn cottonwood logs to a

160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA height of about fifteen feet. A large

gateway midway in the wall gave entrance. Bastions were set at

diagonal corners and provided with loopholes for defense. Inside the

rectangle, rooms were built against the walls with doors and windows opening into the enclosure. These

rooms were used for storage and living quarters for trappers, traders, and visitors on the frontier. On one side

was a corral for horses and mules.

The main court was free. No sooner tr:

had the walls of the fort begun to

Sutler's Store, oldest The building in the Wyoming. threshold Over of the door of western pageantry the rise than

left have gone of the most many characters in famous history. Western

to beto the pass in history review began fore this wilderness outpost.

Up to this period, missionaries among the Indian tribes of the West were practically unknown. In 1832

four chiefs representing the northwest tribes came to St. Louis and inquired

about the "White Man's Book of

Heaven,"asking that it be sent to them. The request was widely circulated in the press, and Christian men

and women readied themselves for the call. Among the first to leave for

the West were Jason and Daniel Lee and Samuel Parker. Following closely

view of of a few "Post's"the buildings today. A birdseye left Second from is "Old

social in their footsteps were Dr. and Mrs. Bedlam,"center the early frontier on the most building and famous the on high

Marcus Whitman, and Reverend and plains. (Recently restored.)

Mrs. Spalding. This party was

notable because the two women were the first to venture west. Fort William

(Laramie) was reached in June 1836.

Here they were greeted by a motley group, ever characteristic of the western frontier.

The fort erected on rising ground, lay silhouetted against the western sky, and presented a welcome sight to weary travelers. In the course of

hundreds of miles it was the first building, the first touch of home.

Within its protecting walls one might for the be refreshed at nightsleep and oldest steel bridge west the The of River. Missouri Built in 187476 by the army, years ahead. The journeyarduous the it spans little Platte east North River a of Fort Laramie.

following, many other missionaries were sent west to labor among the

Indian tribes, chief of which was

Father Pierre Jean De Smet.

About a year after the fort was constructed it was sold to Thomas

Fitzpatrick, Milton Sublette, and i

James Bridger, who in turn sold it to the American Fur Company which was directed by that great financial genius and greatest of all American *m% fur merchants, John Jacob Astor.

Under this new ownership the fort was rebuilt in 1841 at a cost of about ten thousand dollars. Adobe

The haunting remains of the Post Hospital that stood on the low hill north of the (Continued on following page) Cavalry Barracks.

MARCH 1953 161 Saints who lost their lives in the great

HISTORIC FORT LARAMIE exodus from Nauvoo to the Rocky

Mountains. (Continued from preceding page) these commodities of the western During the "fabulous forties,"(sundried brick) replaced the cottonplains were shipped overland by Horace Greeley, famous journalist, wood logs. The walls were four feet wagon train to the fur emporium of wrote, "The white coverings of the

thick, whitewashed and picketed. Over the West, St. Louis. many emigrant and transport wagons

the entrance a tower provided was with trail giving landscape, the the dotted character, In volume, rate of and forloopholes as defense the were river of a the running appearance progress, writers say of hiswesternbastions that stood at diagonally the great with through meadows many tory, the is to the movement Westcorners. sturdy post The was new its sailing ships bosom. on "The not paralleled in elsewhere the world.rechristened after Fort John, John of grinding creaking and many

B. Sarpy, official of the American Fur Conquering hordes have swept over wagons, the report of rifle shots as

lands, but so has nowhere vast but to many theCompany, not was name for food slaughtered were and game section a settled in been so short abe one. a permanent addressed Mail sport, foreboding strange and made time. a of period It was West, "Go"Fort or to the Laramie,"on the John as grimly he to the music red man

"Fort on the Laramie,"soon brought young man, and grow up with the surveyed the invasion of his domain.

trod The pathway by this itinto the title usage bore for some country."little trouble given had up to this He

is of emigrants brave army as knownfifty years, Fort Laramie.""Old reperiod, echoes of a growing but

the old OregonMormon-California fort capisoon the fur became The at Fort Laramie, sentment were heard trail. of It road destiny indeed! Atal area. of the Mountain Rocky A tribes the rendezvous on the for many

trail the longest was in history of factor to thiscontributing achieveplains. a western

ment had been the presence of the migratory people, being about 2020 mighty Sioux tribe under Chief Bull miles in length. It became a highThe first movement of United

Bear. These Indians had been perway broad and beaten to the hardness States troops over the Oregon Trail

suaded to come and live in the viof pavement in many places. West occurred in 1845 when Colonel

cinity of the fort and engage in trapof Fort Laramie one can see dim outStephen W. Kearny and his five comping and hunting for the Rocky lines of ruts where five roads paralpanies of dragoons came to Fort

Mountain Fur Company. After beleled each other. In the historic Laramie. An ideal camping ground

coming established, they expanded Sweetwater Valley, north of Devil's was found about three miles west of hill aboutnorthward into the fertile hunting Gate, there are four distinct roads the fort. On a nearby

grounds of Northern Wyoming and running side by side, carved deep into two thousand Sioux had pitched their into the Big Horn Basin. They soon the sandstone. During those busy lodges. It was an ideal situation for

overran the country, driving away years the old Oregon Trail was impressing the Indians that they must the Cheyennes, the Crows, and thronged with eager, adventurous submit to the "long knives"invasion

Pawnees. Later they became the most spirits; a pathway of romance, daring, of their ancestral lands. A pledge of

hostile tribe with whom the soldiers courage, human misery, and death. peace was given by the Indians.

on the frontier had to deal. The Oregon Trail has been desigIn the meantime great and signifiHistorians record that seventyfive nated one of the great cemeteries cant events had been transpiring in

thousand dollars worth of buffalo of the West. Along its course an the city of Nauvoo, Illinois. Founded

hides were shipped from Fort Laramie estimated thirtyfour thousand people in 1839 by the Prophet Joseph at one time. These, together with lie buried in unmarked graves or an Smith, upon the site of the river

small bales of beaver pelts, found average of seventeen persons for each town of Commerce, it had enjoyed passage down the Platte when the mile of the trail. Of that number a period of unprecedented growth

stream was navigable, but usually about six thousand were Latterday (Continued on page 190)

9EHB

Site of "Mormon Crossing"on the North Platte River near The Old Guard House that stands on the banks of the

Fort Laramie. Here the vanguard company ferried their wagons Laramie River. It still stands and is in good condition.

across the stream in 1847.

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He Who Plants a tree by Maymie R. Krythe

poet once wrote, "He who plants bride always to take a tree from her timber was carelessly wasted during a tree plants hope."This is infather's garden and plant it at her the early decades of abundance.A deed what everyone does who new home. Of course, it was her duty Finally certain foresighted individuals

sets out a sapling on Arbor Day and to water and tend it carefully so it saw how serious the situation was and hopes that it will develop into a would grow. how urgent our need for reforestabeautiful shade tree or a fine fruit In modern times, many other countion. George March should be given

tree. tries, too, observe treeplanting days. much credit for his work along this

While Arbor Day is a comparaOn March 26, 1896, the young Spanline. When he was United States

tively new holiday in this country, ish king, Alphonso XIII, set his peominister to Italy and Turkey, he the ceremony of tree planting goes ple an example by planting a small studied how they reforested their back to ancient days, and other tree on what they call Fiesta del lands in Europe. In his book, The

lands. The Aztecs, for example, used Arbol or the Festival of the Tree. Earth and Man (1864), he had a

to plant a tree whenever a child was The Spanish children were enchapter titled "Woods,"in which he born, naming it for the infant. Some couraged to plant trees and carestressed the fact that the United

Mexican Indians still follow this old fully watch their progress. States should follow the example of

rite, at full moon, by setting out trees In England many trees have been these countries and reforest denuded for their children. The usual time planted to commemorate noted peosections.

for planting trees in Germany was ple or historic events. When Queen Dr. Northrup, secretary of the

Whitsuntide, forty days after Easter. Victoria celebrated her Diamond board of education of Connecticut,

Once, in the town of Brugg, in Jubilee in 1897, shade trees were traveled over our country during the

Switzerland, the villagers decided planted in acrostic form at Eynsford, 1860's, lecturing on the importance of they wanted an oak grove nearby. England. In faroff Japan the chilplanting many trees each year, not

So, on an appointed day all went dren have observed a spring floral only for their commercial value, but out to the forest; each one dug up a festival for many years by offering also to make the land beautiful. In

sapling and then replanted it at the flowers to a statue of the infant 1876 Dr. Northrup offered prizes of

place planned for their grove. Buddha. a dollar each to every child who

It was customary in some places As many of us Americans have would plant five centennial trees. He

during our colonial period for the since realized, much of our finest (Continued on page 206)

MARCH 1953 163 NEST EGG

by Leora Walters

goal toward which out and moved to town to take it a nest egg. I don't want to seemT|His was it—the

Dave Elliot had striven for thirtyeasy, we'd buy a new house of our selfish, but I want to hang onto five hard years. No wonder there own. Like the one George Wagner mine."

was a modest smile of triumph on showed us yesterday.""Selfish? You, Ollie?"He rose,

the face of the sturdy, sixtyyear-old Ollie said, "But we didn't have walked around the table, put an arm man as, sitting down to supper with ready cash enough to pay for it. And, about the little woman and said

his wife in the house they had rented selling the farm to old Mac McLoren huskily, "I'll not have anyone linking in Wheatland, he said, "This is style, on a contract—taking payments of such names as that with my wife. OlHe. Having a separate room to so much—I'm still as stout as ever, and I won't eat in.""We should have sold out the way stand for—

A tidy little woman whose dark eyes / wanted to,"Dave interrupted. "Had "Oh, sit down and eat your supper,

were youthfully clear despite her age, an auction sale on the livestock and you big boaster!"Ollie said, blinking

Olive Elliott answered, "It never ocmachinery, then made a cash deal quick tears away. "And don't see

curred to me that you might not like with tightfisted old Mac on the farm how fast you can finish. You don't

eating in the kitchen during all those itself."have four cows to milk, along with

years we spent on the farm. We "But we'd have had to pay so other chores, this beautiful March

might night."

old house have if—built a dining room on the thoughtmuch incomewe wenttax,"over Ollieall that,said.Dave?""I "And you don't have a cream "The old kitchen was sort of cozy, "And you had your way,"he said

and always neat as a pin, Ollie. Are doggedly. "Me, I like to own the separator to take apart and wash,"

said. our we've "But earned Dave

it?"head. roof over to But, speaking miss going you my

girl. rest, Ollie Say, going how about of cash, aren't stove,"* she said. overlooking old "I you somethe miss

"I'll get used to all the gadgets on thing, Ollie? That three thousand dolto the movies tonight?"

this new one here that the landlord lars you got from the estate of your "We haven't seen one since we drove the old pickup to town last Newput in for us—in time."bachelor brother? If we used that.

"Speaking of landlords,"Dave said, Year's Eve,"Ollie said, smiling.

more soberly, "we're going to find "Sorry, Dave,"his wife said slowly, "Old Mac'll get a lot of service out that rentpaying comes around pretty firmly. "After tending to chickens for of that pickup yet,"Dave said. "I sort

often. I figured that once we sold thirtyfive years, I know the value of {Continued on page 167)

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. SIGNS OF THE TIMES

A fascinating discussion of prophecies fulfilled and prophecies to come. Containing predictions of

the World Wars, the restoration of Israel, and the

Millennium, this volume is informative, +. pZ.I> stirring reading

2. TEACHINGS OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH

Smith. Joseph the Prophet of writings from the and discourses A compilation

responsifamily obligations, Clarifying stand government the Church on politics, bilities, and a host of other interesting and often controversial subjects, the offers Prophet wise, spiritually guided thoughts. Completely indexed pO.jU rn reference for easy

1 3. PROGRESS OF MAN

Lucidly written, this book outlines man's ceaseless historical struggle between good and evil.

Advancing the principles of moral agency, the author climaxes his discussion with the Restoration of the Church, describing the fulfillment of God's plan according to prophecy. *,n en

4. WAY TO PERFECTION

Directed toward a better understanding of genealogy and temple work, this book discusses the doctrinal principles which justify the large place salvation holds in the Church. *

JOSEPH

FIELDIIVG SMITH CO 7. LIFE OF JOSEPH F. SMITH

As only a son can write of his father, Elder Smith has written this heartwarming biography. In rich detail he unfolds the active,

Church life of his father, the sixth president of the $3.005. ESSENTIALS IN CHURCH HISTORY righteous

The vital and essential points of history and doctrine, selected and arranged in chronological order... with doctrines and revelagiventions to Joseph Smith interwoven with the his- p*l.UU* p,n 0tt/efr m&nmenievitlu Su tAiui/ torical narrative

6. RESTORATION OF ALL THINGS

Fundamental principles of the Gospel, as outlined in a series of radio addresses $2.75

r f'wrj'.r-Ttwl?v!w'r', '>l

DESERET BOOK CO.

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah

Please send the following circled books:

3 4 5 6 3 12 For which I enclose check or money order for $..

The life of Jesus, beautifully and reverently depicted in a

Name feature length (1 hour and 35 minutes) 16mm Technicolor and sound film... the message of His ministry on earth, told Address

with impressive sincerity and simplicity. This film has been City - State

used very successfully to raise funds for ward budgets, quoResidents of Utah add 2% sales tax.

rum projects, and other endeavors. Check coupon right for Pleaseto schedulesend theus informationPilgrimage Playtellingfilmrentalfor ourcostsward.and how

scheduling and rental information.

MARCH 1953 165 After this note the young woman

Pot on the lost interest in the young man, believing it indicative of his character and personality.

Chance brought them together READER'S again, and their marriage is an extremely happy one. Surprisingly,

Bob's letters are now as clever and interesting as his former one was SPECTACLES! brusque and stilted.

Perhaps you intend to say one by Helen Gregg Loudon thing, but if the reader reacts in an entirely different manner from what you have anticipated, you have is a strange fact that many men evidently put the wrong words on

IT and women with sparkling perpaper.

sonalities fail in the art of letter If the letter is one of which you writing, an important art from every feel doubtful, why not tuck it away angle; social, business, and profesfor a day or two and discover in

sional. If we do not naturally rereading whether you still wish

possess it, we can learn! to send it? Many romances, friendIn today's world letters play a ships, and important business undermore important part than ever betakings have been kept on an even

fore. We should remember that keel by the refusal of the writer

there is a purpose behind every to allow his emotions to stampede letter; it is written to bring about him into mailing an impulsive letcertain thinking or action. ter. Why not learn to study the

Think of the personality of your reader's problems as well as your letter! Say to yourself, "What own? Then you will have the abilresponse will this bring to the heart ity and understanding to write

of my reader?"It is sometimes imsomething that will influence his

possible for the writer to realize thinking; you can build your letter

the emotional force behind a letter. around his viewpoints instead of

When in doubt it is a good plan your own.

with, yourself Test letcriticize to yourto ask someone one to say intend you Perhaps

I receiving "If wereters. a letter write might even You reacts the reader thing, but if

this what letter, it until to yourself sendand you entirely manner in different an reacwould be my defects. thediscover

from what you have anticipated tion?"Do not try to write the way you

talk! Writing, if it isn't to act as a you have evidently put the wrong Use your imaginasoporific, must be terse and pointed, words on paper. tion! Try to sense

forever moving forward. Many of the reader's point of

the contractions and most forceful view. Begin by arousing his interidioms of everyday speech are often him better than was possible in the est; then keep it! Erase those negadifficult to read. Cleverly used, they formal environment of a living room tive slants in his mind! Study and

may help to point up your letter she invited him and another friend learn how to circumvent them.

and give a tone of warmth, originalto the summer home of her parents. Write a letter which possesses

ity, and friendliness, but they must Her invitation was answered that magnetic something certain be handled with grace, and used with: persons have in their personalities

call charm. Some letterssparingly! Dear Ruth: which we Always bear in It is impossible for are full of it—-a special quality

mind: what will 'J'hink of the personality of me to accept your which endears the writer to you,

for invitation the last hinting of a close camaraderie and thinkthe reader letter! to yourSay your

in June. weekend understanding. tryingI am this will response to self, "what Bob

say? How does bring to the heart of my Why not learn to influence your

this letter read to rea dei It is difficult to reader in your favor, just as you try the addressee? believe that this to win friends when you meet them

What response brusque note was face to face? When you speak,

does he receive in his mind and written by someone holding a posithe tone of your voice, the possible heart? tion of importance; one who later twinkle in your eye, a warm hand-

A friend of mine was undecided proved, as Ruth's husband, to be a clasp are there as your allies, but whether her budding interest in a colorful man of wide interests, one in a letter all that is there of you young man was serious or superficial. with a sense of humor, ability, and is the written word and your choice

Thinking she would like to know charm of manner. {Concluded on page 203)

166 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NEST EGG A Breakfast of (Continued from page 164) out? You're huskier than two hired

of hated to part with that faithful old men!'

puddle jumper."For a long moment Ollie hesitated.

"But why? You have nothing to Then, dark eyes calm but very steady,

haul. And we have practically a said, "Why did you sell out, Dave?"

new car for transportation.""Good heavens!"he said, staring.

"After thirtyfive years of hard work, "I don't know,"Dave said. "A we accumulated enough to live on WHEAT

man just sort of gets attached to and I thought we were entitled to helps keep things he uses day after day, I guess."a rest!"He hesitated for a moment

The Elliotts went to the movies and then demanded: you going!

that night. And twice during the "What's come over you? Are you

week that followed. Dave spent most homesick?"

of the day downtown, talking to "Yes, dear,"she answered, still acquaintances who had sold their calm. "And so are you. You can't

farms and moved to town—to congretill the same land—the deep, rich

gate on the post office steps or about soil that's given you its bounty year the corner filling station where they after year—without planting a little

were entertained by the loquacious, of your heart in it. Not if you're

quite witty old proprietor, Pop Purdy. Dave Elliott."

One bright morning in early April, He walked to the window, stood

Dave remained at home. When Olthere looking off toward the springlie wanted to know if something was greened land where lay Orchard

wrong, he said, "Oh, no. It's just Bench. His strong hands were

that Pop's jokes lose their edge clenched. Then those hands relaxed.

after so long a time. Reckon I should He turned and said simply, humbly,

spade up a little garden in the back "You're right, Ollie. And I won't be So delicious and

yard?"a liar, even if I have been a fool.

"I thought you were through farmYou were never too keen about sellso easy with Carnation the old place. I wish now you'd of glad it,"Ollie said. "I'd inging—and INSTANT WHEAT! never to it!"agreedlike fresh this vegetables some sumTHERE'S satisfying than a nothing more

mer though.""If I hadn't, you'd always have piping hot breakfast of nature's own

you good, so too, when wheatand whole you were cheated goal didn't spading. do Dave much He thought

it Instant Carnation Wheat! with make for, you had workedtold Ollie, "This ground's town not ofDave—thethe only treat not DELICIOUS morning THIS

to to chance itfit move 'take town and for a decent garden. It's pretty it in family—but the delights everyone

easy.'and nourishment muchneeded you know leisure isn't provides Nowpitiful—after the kind of soil we long, through to help carry you energy you what wanted."had."Instant Carnation tiring days. Wheat

A truck was stopping out front. "Too bad I couldn't have found rich in the whole wheat values of thiais

iron. niacin, phosphorus, and before late,"too it was said mine, he visitor CarlThe was Lundgren who out Instant Carnation BUSY YOU'RE WHEN bitterly. to "But go out the old place at the a farmowned edge of town. in fixed too! Cooks a jiffy, can be Wheat

Carl said, "My oldest boy, Neil, had and try to buy it back from Mac in "no time"because it's partially preto leave for a couple days. Dave. McLoren—if you want him to laugh cooked.

If I could talk you into riding his in your face!"coaxedYOUNGSTERS,once they'veespecially,discoverednever needthe flavorto be

tractor, plowing for me just till Neil "I did drive out this morning of this genuine Northwest wheat! So, getgets back—while you were working for Carl,"Carnation Instant Wheatand start your

"Why, sure!"Dave said, so eagerly Ollie said. "And Mac was inclined familynew breakfast!out each morning with a grand

Ollie couldn't help smiling. "I'll be to laugh in my face—at first. But

after I offered him two thousand cashglad to—to help a neighbor out,

Carl."to sell the place back to us, he was

Dave worked enthusiastically for agreeable."

two days before he announced that "Two thousand cash?"Dave

Carl's son had returned home. Ollie stormed.

said, "Are you sorry he came home, "Easy, Dave,"Ollie said. "It was

Dave? Would you liked to have kept only twothirds of my little nest egg

on working?"that I wouldn't spend for a new house

"No!"he answered bluntly. "Those we really didn't want."

acres of Carl's are too much like this "And Mac agreed?"Dave choked

nogood town land. I told him he up a little.

ought to go up to Orchard Bench "Yes, dear,"said Ollie. "I don't

some time and see what real plowing begrudge a nickel of that two was. And he said, 'If it's so darned thousand.... Speaking of eggs, I'd Same Famous Family As Carnation Milk

wonderful up there, why did you sell (Concluded on page 168)

MARCH 1953 167 NEST EGG

(Concluded from page 167) him with the voice of spring said, better order my usual batch of baby "Don't think your money's going to chicks."pay for my mistakes, and just because

Slipping his arm about the loyal your heart's as big as the old farm woman he loved, the man who also we're going back to. I'm not a cheaploved the fields that were calling to skate, Ollie. I'm just homesick."

V,CN3\IN3\3\3\NrNNK9vX2\X2\C>

lA/kats ja5t Jr5 lrolo ana

Richard L. Evans

HpHERE is a comforting line from Shakespeare, which, in one short sentence has much to suggest: "What's past is

prologue."1 It is a plea for hope, for new beginnings, for

not brooding about what cannot now be reclaimed or recalled, a plea for faith in the future—a plea for repentance.

No matter what we have done or failed to do, our opportunity is from here on, and blessedly, through the principle of repentance, "What's past is prologue."For some reason or

other repentance has not always seemed to be a popular principle. The prophets have been driven and denounced,

ridiculed and rejected for crying repentance. But in reality

it should be the most popular of principles because none of us is perfect and all of us have need for repentance and would be hopelessly lost without it. Over and over we are

comforted by this strengthening, sustaining thought: our

Father in heaven knows us. He knows our hearts; he knows

our difficulties and desires; he knows our mistakes, our

problems, our sorrows, our shortcomings. He knows the

motives by which we are moved and the influences by which we are swayed. He knows why we do what we do and why

Chinook, Montana we fail to do what we should have done. He knows the reaDear Sirs: sons we fall short of being the best we might be. He knows

We have just received our our needs and he has sent us here not to fail but to succeed.

bound "Improvement Eras"and And if we will only give him an opportunity in our lives, are thrilled with it. We would he will help to lift us to our highest possibilities and happilike to thank you very much for ness and peace and progress. And whatever we have done the lovely job you have done. or fallen short of doing, "what's past is prologue,"and before

Our only wish would be that us, with his help, is the opportunity to improve our perto the everyone who subscribes formance. And if we will prayerfully approach him and see Era could Improvement

how lovely the 12 issues are invite him into our daily acts and utterances, we shall find bound into one book that will the sunlight dispelling the shadows. There is no more helplast for years. ful principle in life than the principle of sincere repentance.

Thanking you again, we reAnd whatever we may have failed in as a people, as a nation, main. as mothers, fathers, friends, as children, as loved ones, as

Sincerely, citizens in a troubled society, the hope we have is in the great power and privilege of repentance. "What's past is proMrs. Mr. and

A. Clare Johnson logue"and the everlasting future is before us to improve.

costThe City; postpaid,is just add$3.0030c.per Canadavolume and(F.O.B.otherSaltforeignLake Jke J>poken lA/ora FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

countries add 75c). PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Save your Eras and send them for binding to SYSTEM, JANUARY 4, 1953 Copyright, 1953

Deseret News Press Shakespeare, The Tempest.

31 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah 168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA v;':;--;y-: y.;.:->:. r:y;V:'--yyy.v?"">;

The AllisChalmers Forage Harvester can be used equally well with directcut sickle bar ( illustrated) or with windrow pickup attachment, as desired.

Cutand-throw cylinder is the heart of AllisChalmers Forage Harvester capacity. More

tonnage... on less power.

First Step to Big Forage Earnings

WIDEFLOW FEED How will you have your forage today... freshmers simplicity reveals the story of surprising

cut and fed green? Fed from an open or picket capacity—on low power requirement. A full 2-

stack? Stored in an upright or trench silo? These, plow tractor will handle the Forage Harvester on

and other advanced ways of handling forage, are the power takeoff under average conditions. In

making new milk and meat production records. heavy crops or with inadequate tractor power, the

Whichever method you choose, your first step is use of an A-C auxiliary engine is recommended.

selecting the right equipment to cut big tonnage—fast, at low cost. Knives are powersharpened, too! A builtin sharpener keeps cutting edges razor keen without

Look for the long 36inch cutting cylinder and removing knives from the machine. Constant, top

wide throat of the AllisChalmers Forage Harchopping efficiency is made easy.

vester. Heavy grass or row crops are delivered

to these easyshearing, spiral cutting knives in a wide, flat stream. Silage is crisp; lengths are uniform and cleancut.

Straightthrough, cutand-throw action means (puis-\ tractor divCHALMERSI S I O N MILWAUKEE I, U. S. A,

sure, fast delivery of big volume. No powercon-

suming fans or blowers. This typical AllisChal-

Forage Harvester with rowcrop attachment for corn, sorghums and other stalk crops. This

attachment, together with the directcut sickle bar and windrow pickup, equips you with an allpurpose 3-in-l machine at very moderate cost.

MARCH 1953 169 JOSEPH L WIRTHLIN

(Continued from page 149) with great physical and moral courquickly, changed clothes, and visited in the age, able to care for himself in the until late at night, ward arose early the jousts of the world. He is always before next morning children were my

awake, and went to work. peaceful but never afraid of the enFor days at a time I did not see them counter.

when they were awake. So this companion One of his outstanding characterof credit has the of rearing mine our famistics which is clearly shown in his

ily, and since been in the Presiding I have

Bishopric, being away for weeks at a time, features is determination directed by she has taken over, and has done a great driving energy. When he makes up

service as far as is concerned, his my family mind and undertakes a task, he Samson bless her."2 and I say, "God carries it through. Difficulties never Foldingchairs

Love of home is strong in his heart. daunt him.

a for facts, He has good memory fireside, believes in the in the ForPuW'c He faces, details, a photographic and of little children, laughter the and memory. He thinks fast and clearly gospel that builds happy, peaceful Seating and has confidence in his own judghomes without which the deepest

ment. of satislongings the heart can not be of his "Underlying all of these qualities is is the center fied. His home

an impregnable honesty.

America's First affection, a refuge from the noise of

He reads widely and with discrimiChoice For—the world, the place where he rests, Low Cost nation.

Low Upkeep relaxes, reinforces his energies, and

Longer Life lays the foundation for great living. Rising above and reinforcing all of

There's a Samson Joseph L. is a sound piece of manthese characteristics is loyalty to the

its Chair Folding leaders. Church and His confiFor Every NeedlPubtit hood, standing five feet, ten inches Seating is flawless. dence in them That and weighing about two hundred is the

dominant note running through his pounds, robust in intellect and body life.

'Conference Report, April 1952, pages 116, 117. (Continued on page 172)

Ideal for # Schools Churches M "IIP* * Meeting Halls Lodges or any hall where public seating comfort is essential.

Larger, more comfortable seat k Strong enough to stand on X Safety seat hinge can't cut fingers * Noiseless folding action compact, easily stored * Six smart decorator colors * Will not tip or fold when open * Electrically welded steel tube legs * Chip proof, nonchalking enamel finish on all metal parts * Specially arched tubular steel cross braces for extra rigidity W Electrically welded steel tube seat

Frame—no screws used throughout

* Steel furniture glides with replaceable newtype rubber feet

k Padded, cushioncomfort spring seat * Concave, formfitting, upholstered back rest

"All metal parts rustproofed by "bonderizingZCMIprocess"SCHOOL and OFFICE

SUPPL 57 SO. STATE ST. SALT LAKE CITY During World War II, the Presiding Bishopric, consisting of Bishop

Phone 3-1575 - Ext. 442 LeGrandJoseph L.Richards,Wirthlin,(center),second counselor,Marvin O. (right),Ashton, raisedfirst counselor,a vegetable(left),garden,and

and are here shown examining the soil prior to plowing.

170 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Families agree on KSLTV

KSLTV is able to telecast the very best in video fare! Not only is

Channel Five affiliated with three national networks, CBS, ABC and Dumont,

but the local studio facilities and production are of the highest quality.

Because of this top Channel Five programming,

Intermountain America does agree

on what they see.

CBS ABC DUMONT SmMSll "U4"fe KSLTV 5

MARCH 1953 171

Joseph L Wirthlin

(Continued from page 170) Bishop Wirthlin is an ardent American. As a child he could name

the Presidents of the United States. GUARD He believes religiously in the Constitution and government of the United against Bad Smells States. Love of country is almost a

passion with him.

i diapers While Bishop Wirthlin is preeminently a practical man, he is a profoundly religious man. His rekind that registers in one's behavior. with ligion is of the everyday kind, the WIZARD

is neither He a dreamer nor nw trinarian. Perhaps the rhapsodies of

'.,M*'*i Isaiah would the not make apsame GREEN WICK a docto peal his practical that these mind

words of James might.

Just pull up the wick and Wizard KEEPS indoor air sweet 'n'fresh! Dispels bad odors What doth it profit, my brethren, though

from cellar to attic—in kitchens, laundries, a man say he hath faith, and have not

closets, living rooms and bathrooms. works? can faith save him?

If a brother sister or be naked, destiand Try delightful both scents...Wizard Green >RIZER tute of daily food, Wick's refreshing PINE SCENT and Wizard Pink I*

of one And say you unto them, Depart Wick's fragrant SPRING BOUQUET. costs Wizard so W!* tf#

in peace, be ye filled; warmed and notwithlittle it afford in can you to use every where room

odors may offend. Sold everywhere... only 39. #s s*sft*$ I standing ye give them not those things

which are needful to the body; what doth

it profit? For Large Rooms—Big.12 oz. bottle. Only 69t Even so faith, if it hath not works, is

Make Indoor Air Smell SWEET'N'FRESH with WIZARD WICK DEODORIZERS dead, being alone. (James 2:1417.)

The following are his sentiments:

"I'd rather see a sermon than hearANNOUNCING--- one any day.

A new publication devoted to the "I'd rather one would walk with me

ARCHAEOLOGY than merely point the way...."HM (Edgar A. Guest.)

of the He believes that it is not the miSCRIPTURES raculous testimonies we may have, but

The Bulletin of the it is the keeping of the commandUniversity

Archaeological ments of God and living lives of purSociety ity not only in action but also in (an occasional publication) thought that will count with the Lord.

Contents The "Treeof Bulletinof Life"No. in4, justAncientoff theAmericapress:; its There is nothing sanctimonious about

Representations Significance, and by Irene

Briggs Woodford. in AGAINST Brother Wirthlin. He is not overthesis a Master's (From

the Department of Archaeology, Brigham

University) Young Unusual Treeof-Life Sculpture An from AnLOSS OR LAW SUITS thinkingpious, butandhismotivatesreligion hispenetratesaction. Hehis cient Central America, by M. Wells Jakeman.

(An apparent Book of MormonactualprophetportrayalLehi'sin visionstone ofof thethe Dozens of hazards threaten property has a settled and unshakable faith in the of Tree of Life, recently the Redeemer in world, in discovered the Central daily. Loss owners fire, liathrough

!) America bility, theft storm are and only efficacy a of prayer, in the restoration Joseph Smith and Archaeology, American by few. Be fully sure are you protected Stuart Thomas Ferguson. (Paper read at the of the its plan of salvation and power 17th of Meeting Annual Society the consulting Amerby your KOLOB AGENT.

ican Archaeology, Columbus, Ohio, 3, forMay to all its He'll save gladly precepts, in obey review your insurance who 1952) examine your requirements.Obtainable by membership in the University Arand Polthe divine calling of the Prophetchaeological Society icies ($3.00 per year) are written or by direct through strong stock

purchase ($1.00 of all Joseph Smith and who have claim service is r-————per copy).—.. promptcompaniesand....fair. General SecretaryTreasurer succeeded in the of him Presidency

University Archaeological Society the Church. Brigham University Young

Provo, Utah if he has definite obPlease find inclosed $ for: When asked

years of membership in the Society, jectives which he hopes to attain as which includes subscription to the BulPresiding Bishop, he replied, "With other publications. letin and

- copies of Bulletin No. 4. the help of the Lord, the assistance of

Name.. FRANK SALISBURY, MGR. my counselors, Bishop Thorpe B.

Address. 330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City Isaacson and Bishop Carl W. Buehner,

I hope to accomplish in a measure, at 172 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA least, the following objectives: (1)

that the vast army of men over the age of twentyone holding theAaronic Priesthood will eventually be JOHN DEERE MOWERS led to renew their interest in priesthood work and qualify themselves to receive the Melchizedek Priesthood as a blessing to them and their families;

(2) that every young man under the age of twentyone shall come up through the various offices of the

Aaronic Priesthood with a full understanding of its sacredness and with a comprehension of their duties and opportunities therein, and that we shall not lose one of these young men from the time they are ordained a deacon until they are qualified to receive the Melchizedek Priesthood; 1 wIh

(3) that through this process we hope to convince the youth of the Church that Joseph Smith was a prophet of

God and that the Father and the 4R.

Son actually appeared to him, that in restoredthe gospel has been all <mm m its fulness, that only it is the and philosophy which will provide hapJohn Deere Mowers have a piness and joy in mortality and reputation for giving new mower for a longer in celestialexaltation for performance the kingdom time centered the with mainguards and at cost. Cutting and parts lower tain cutter bar lead proper clean for in arethose complete harmony who are to extra stay sharp tough

cutting through the years. down longer are they and safeguarded his purposes;with the Lord and (4) safety release, spring perThe which against breakage.

ofthat the the membership Church mits the cutter to bar out swing back steel durable, knifehead The field the of of obstructions, way prowill of full in that learn the payment Deere runs on John on Mowers tects against Deere damJohn Mowers steel long, wide, plates, wearingtithes, will the Lord's promises be field age from shocks. rear. front wearand Hardenedfulfilled blessings, spiritual in the the See your Deere dealer for comJohn ing plates in the knife keep

blessings of health, and all material proper relation to the guard plete information on the famous No. 5

wheeland drawbarmounted—the

with mower that works any tractor,blessings which are necessary for their plates.ers holdPatentedthe knifesteelin knifepositionholdto

comfort; (5) that the membership of insure clean cutting. Cutting shown above, and the No. 20 Centerthe Church will receive proper value edges of the knife sections are Mounted Mower for John Deere "40"

for every dollar expended in the erecheat-treatedcutting edgeto whilegive a hard,the centercleanbelow.Series and "M"Series Tractors, shown

tion of chapels, and that all of our remains tough for maximum chapels will have the needed facilistrength.

ties for carrying on the program of mentsBy meansyou canof keepsimpletheadjustknife the Church, that simplicity will be the predominant factor in the architecture of these buildings; (6) that

the expenditure of funds by the Presiding Bishopric will be done with the utmost care and economy; (7)

that through the support of the general welfare program of the Church, the widows, the orphans, the aged, the unemployed, shall be cared for in a spirit of kindness and consideration; (8) that at all times we shall be

in full harmony with the First Presidency and the Council of the

Twelve."JOHN DEERE, Moline, 111., DeP t. B50

Making clear one's objectives is the Please send me free folder on the mower I've below. first step realization. toward their A checked Mower No. 20 Mower D No. 5careful of examination what is laid

down here as the end toward which Name the Presiding Bishopric is striving, R.R. Bnr

shows what a colossal and noble Town State, n.i.i—(Continued on following page) MARCH 1953 173 Joseph I. Wirthlin

PROTECT OR REGAIN (Continued preceding page) from

HEALTH YOUR it enterprise in has undertaken the m with a of training the boyhood young and

SWEDEN SPEED JUICER manhood of this Church through the

Finest World's Juicer Lesser Priesthood program. sucTo

Efficient. fast, Simple, or No peeling ceed in this objective, to that is, see Attractive, coring. required. No plunger

Durable and Easy to Clean. Get your vithat no boy is lost in the transition

tamins the NATURAL way. from one division of the priesthood Here's a Pointer

to another, would make this Church distinguished the world over and give On Family Dining it first place among the agencies and institutions devoted to building boys WHEN MOST FOLKS take the into noble men. This objective alone family out for dinner, they are

is worthy of the cooperation and coninterested in two main things:

tasty, wellprepared food at as secrated effort of all are interwho low price a possible. as Good ested in the success salvation of and meals inexpensive and meals

the youth of this Church. We know usually don't come together—

of no other plan comparable to this EXCEPT—at Salt Lake's favorite

for building character in boys and family dining spot, the Hotel young Temple men. Square Coffee Shop! FULLY GUARANTEED

the family soon, won't Bishop Wirthlin does not lack in Bring FOR 1 YEAR

We promise you'll come determination strength and of puryou? only $89.50 back often.

Freight paid state tax pose, if prepaid—add remiss nor is he in his devotion

to this cause. We therefore have

every reason to hope that through GRIND YOUR OWN leadergrow HOTEL FLOUR AND CEREAL ship,such aa generationprogram, withof mensuchwill "tI: up distinguished for their purity of TEMPLE SQUARE WITH A life, their steadfastness of purpose,

PRECISION and their strength of character. Clarence L. West, Manager

ELECTRIC In the distribution of the reFLOUR sponsibilities of this office among the

MILL Bishop and his counselors, Bishop Grinds flour, Wirthlin is specifically assigned the There's One corn, rye; responsibility of presiding over the

coarse, Aaronic Priesthood of the of Church, medium, Sure Way-- fine stimulating attendance at sacrament very fine. and

meeting, of managing the Church ranches in Canada, Washaki Indian

One Year Reservation, and with Henry D.

Warranty Moyle, associated in directing the activities of other agricultural enterVs H. P. MOTORHeavy-duty Mill prises of the Church. Bishop WirthWeight 90 lbs. lin is president of the board of di-

$95.00 rectors for the Deseret Gymnasium, state tax Freight paid if prepaid—add

—<3> a member of the Church budget comFor mittee, chairman of the board of

STAINLESS STEEL SPECIALStrustees of the Dr. W. H. Groves Yes, there's one sure way,

visit during April Conference to gel the you travel, when Hospital, our display L.D.S. Salt City, Lake and

Hotel Mezzanine, Utah room—C-42 convenience of frequent of chairman the board of the Society

Waterless Cookware Heavy schedules and downtown for the of Aid Sightless. the ($99.95 set)

depots; of the comfort

Water Pitchers and Mixing Bowls, life His is a fine example of what specially seats designed and Tableware a religion man's should him. do for air - conditioning; plus

20% discount fares. on liquefiers This is his fervent testimony: moneysaving low On and blenders your next trip, go the one

Inquiries promptly answered I know that this is the Church of the sure way - - -

Christ. I am just as sure of that as I live.

Health Appliance Co. The visitation of the Father and the Son

is reality, Joseph Smith a not a dream. North 230 West 1st

the visitation of Logan, Utah Andto the Baptist, John and 1420-W PHONE Peter, all James, of and John, and the See large ad in April Era for details on heavenly beings who visited the Prophet, GREYHOUHO Specials. giving him the keys wherein the gospel was way /

restored in its simplicity and its fulness, 174 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..

and finally the establishment of the Church as it existed in the days of the Christ, are all realities. There is no question about

it.

Bishop Wirthlin is a strong and positive character, mellowed by long experience and softened by the benign influence of the religion to which he has dedicated his all. He

is responsive to the appeals of the poor, kind to the unfortunate, helpful to the discouraged, and at the same time able to manage wisely the farflung and diversified interests of the

Church. He lives a sane and wellbalanced life, holding in happy combination the spiritual and the practical, the real and the ideal. Joseph

L. Wirthlin is eminently fitted for the

great office to which he has been called.

His wholehearted and steadfast dedication to his calling, supported by a contrite heart and an unwavering faith in God, will enable him to give the cause he serves and the people he loves, a great administration.

Family Project X (Continued from page 145) a blizzard overtook us, and we regretfully turned toward home.

Our next excursion took place on a windy but mild day. The snowwas melting, and it was wet under- 7]E]E NAPKINS

foot. As we gathered close to the

inscription on the east column of the Tnoiee it"

Eagle Gate, we stood so close to the curb that passing cars splashed us liberally but failed to arouse our indignation because we were so much engrossed with the fact that a treasure ZEE Luncheon Regular size..

box lay within the column, guarded by the great copperetched eagle Choice of white, green, peach, mounted above. or yellow.

of foresight, ambition, We learned ZEE Dinner King Size... initiative, as and cooperation, we became acquainted with the man, Brigsnowy white... extra heavy..

ham Young, by visiting the sites of his home, his office, his favorite in beautiful embossed design.

theater, his private school, and finally CHIFFON Twin Ply. Facial tissue,

his burial plot. Then, as we searched

for a small metal plaque in the sidequality, luxury embossing.

walk on the east side of Main Street Extra large... double thick.

which would indicate the point of the joining of the transcontinental CROWN ZELLERBACH CORPORATION 1953 telegraph, passersby looked at us questioningly, wondering no doubt if Use the napkins that are always freshwe'd lost something. 0f pretty and soft—practical and inexpensive

"This is just like a treasure hunt,"

Use 'em and throw 'em away—three times a day!

Julie exclaimed.

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1953 175 TO FAMILY PROJECT SOLVE (Continued from preceding page) raised in commemoration of the

YOUR "This is a treasure hunt,"I rebattalion which made one of the plied. longest infantry marches in history.

this point, naturedly intrigued Julie, as At with sculptor's TRAVEL weGlennisteased laughedher becausegood she the great masterpiece had miswhich

PROBLEMS... taken a water meter cover for the stands on the grounds of the Utah

learned of endurance in which resulted We as we snowfilled hole, LOOK ahswuL! lookedplaque. state capitol building, stepped in a at the imposing up monument (Concluded on page 178)

BOOK ahswud! >N3v>v22\3\>s3\7\N>o5i

PLAN NOW! for a more ZJL BLe$&ma Wod enjoyable Richard L. Evans

ggji vacation 'T'here is in most of us a tendency at times not to do anyFREE ITINERARY AND TRAVEL servicethingor thatengageis difficultin any inconvenientto do, not to performactivity. anyTheunpleasanttendency

ARRANGEMENTS AT is often apparent in our younger years when we haven't yet had to learn some things which later in life we find

UNIVERSAL thatin everywe mustbusinesslearn.and Incommunityevery family,and incountry,every household,there are

someone has TRAVEL SERVICE difficult, tiresome, tedious duties to do—and

to do them. But sometimes, because of the too indulgent

Hotel Temple Square Salt Lake City, Utah providence of parents or others, young people grow up exPhone 5-6552, 5-5924 pecting everything to be placed before them, and sometimes miss learning, until later, the sincere satisfaction that can come with willing work, even in the performance of tedious and unpleasant tasks. Sometimes they ask: "Why

should we work?""Why should we do anything we don't

want to do?""Why should we spend any part of our

precious days doing difficult things when there are easier and more pleasant pastimes?"There are many answers to

this kind of questioning. One that suggests itself is this:

It was a loving Father who gave us work to do, a Father who knows our needs and who holds our happiness close to his heart. (Not that work doesn't become monotonous at

times. Anything can become monotonous, even socalled

play or pleasant pastimes if too long pursued or pressed upon

When You Open Your us other than at our own pleasure.) Idle drifting never was

it wasn't intended SAVINGS ACCOUNT a source of success or satisfaction. And

with $50.00 or more and you will receive that any of us should live effortlessly or follow our own

FREE your lovely Schaeffer Fineline pen complete pleasure. The Lord God made that clear when

set. pencil and

Savings Accounts in any amount $1 to our first parents were driven forth from the Garden of Eden.

$25,000. Work is one of the greatest gifts that God has given us;

33 years of continuous operation. not just the labor required for actual existence (even the

CURRENT 016! Per animals, even the lesser forms of life do what they are made

DIVIDEND 4J2/0 Annum to do or must do for sheer sustenance) but work pursued

Utah Savings powerbeyond tosheerimprove,necessity,for thefor surpassingthe opportunitysatisfactionto learn,of serving,for the and Loan Association of creating, of doing, of discovering. And one of the surPROVO, UTAH

D. Spencer Grow, President passing lessons of life is to learn to find joy in doing things

IHANCOUPON we ought to want to do, even when we don't want to do

Send your check or money order to them; for any day is a disappointing day if it is allowed to

Utah Savings, 172 West Center Street, pass without some sincere sense of accomplishment.

Provo, Utah and your savings pass book and pen set will be mailed to you immediately. Uke Spoken Word FROM temple SQUARE

Name PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

Address SYSTEM, JANUARY 11, 1953 Copyright, 1953 \ City Zone....State

fJTsCNTNrNvCNCNrCV CCSTJCNCNCN'176 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA From faraway placesmore oil for you

In Sumatra back in 1924, Standard Oil Company of California geologists began mapping possible deposits of oil. But not until last year did Sumatran

wells start adding to available oil supplies. This operation, costing some

$62 million to date, was pioneered by Standard. It is now carried on jointly

with The Texas Company under the name "Caltex."

Into San FranCISCO Bay come tankers carrying in the near future by refineries which Caltex is helping to

Sumatran crude—returns on the gamble Standard underbuild. <I And, of course, the Sumatran oil brought into this

took nearly 30 years ago. Other shipments go elsewhere country helps keep you in gasoline and the many other

in the world, aiding progress and adding defensive strength. petroleum products you've come to rely on. The foreign

Four friendly nations in particular benefit directly. First, of activities of Standard Oil Company of California, typified by

course, is the young Indonesian Republic, of which Sumatra this flow of crude from faraway Sumatra, are constantly is a part. Then Australia, Japan and the Philippines. They being expanded, as an added guarantee that petroleum

produce practically no oil of their own, but will be supplied needs of the free world will continue to be met.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

MARCH 1953 177

FAMILY PROJECT

(Concluded from page 176) cated by the Living to the War Could we compare? The names of

wet feet, and caused us to cut short Dead."We paused in silent, gratethe adults and children we read beour expedition and return home in ful reverence, pondering the significame individuals capable of laughter

quest of dry footwear. cance. The grove was deserted save and tears, opinions and preferences.

The next excursion was on a day, for us. How peaceful it wasl How We took time to discuss what normal

when the azure sky made a sharp beautiful! It was one of those pricehuman yearnings might have been

contrast to the generous blanket of less moments of sacred meditation to in the hearts of these martyrs who newly fallen snow which covered the grasp and hold fast in our memories, asked for so little and who were ground, and the bright sun warmed for they come so seldom. We compregranted so much less.

the invigorating winter air. An imhended the value of the great gift of Determination, struggle, enjoypressive moment came as we crossed life. ment, accomplishment—we found

a bridge which spanned the half- "The illfated Donner party passed evidences of all these and more in frozen creek and trod the drifted this way,"the marker near the fairthe search that followed.

paths in Memory Grove. "Dedigrounds informed us. Courage! "How strange it would seem to go

to school in a tepee, with only five pupils,"Glennis mused as we inspected Pioneer Square and attempted to identify the exact location of the first school in the territory. "Our You Can Win A

school is so large and so new."We

lauded her sense of comparison and Years Scholarship encouraged appreciation.

found just within our valley, and To College Half a hundred markers we had we were not through. Yet the deadline had arrived. Had we loitered too

Eligibility. long over those we had visited?

Anyone interested in receiving the scholarWise Miss Ensign was fully aware, prize Design the ship or interested attending college may enter.in nursingEntriesor arein when she made her assignment, that

Student Nurse especiallycollege studentsinvited andfrommembershigh schoolof Reliefand Julie would learn the value of the

Societies, Mutual Sunday Schools and Imheritage that was hers, by studying Associations. provement entry must The

Uniform bewouldsentreceivein thethenamescholarshipof the ifpersonhe or whoshe the background of the community in be chosen winner. which she lives, but how could she

for the new possibly have known how well she

Deadline... was to teach the whole family?

Brigham Young All entries must be received by April 1, "I shall give Miss Ensign what we 1953. have done,"Julie said, "but let's University

Details... finish the project for ourselves."

School of Nursing. Mail entries to "Of course we shall go on!"we Uniform Contest agreed in unison. "We can't stop

School of Nursing University now."Brigham Young

Provo, Utah Our enthusiasm was keen. During

type of paper for be used Any may the this enterprise we had become aware entry. be clear, writing Designs must and Contest legible. originality, Neatness, and aptness of the changes time effects. Swiftly

will in In addition be considered judging.

passing to of design, the the drawing recalled, be time cannot must be but for the student the Design uniform nurse described in several itgiving paragraphs, of School University Brigham Young new only remembered. were suddensignificance or sons of chosen. pattern reaDo We Nursing. pattern winning The be jmust not send completed uniforms. Decision of distinctive as so to the characterize B.Y.U. ly very that aware time much would will final, the all judges be and differentiate other student her and from

the become property of Brigham entriesYoung stylish students. It also nursing be must cause lives, changes into to come our University. to the current mode. conform and Some

details to be considered are the color, style, too, of a minor nature. Perhaps, at

tailoring and practicability.

Here are Some Tips... we,first, asas theour timepredecessors,span becamewouldgreater,bethe student uniform identified is come only as names, known the regular white uniform Remember,NOT

graduate by stunurses. Prize... worn The left only for the contributions to our

color, dent uniform of be any may flared tailored, -with or or without posterity, individuals not the that of will designer the The pattern winning we apron, cuffs with and receive a tuition scholarship to Brigham are, pulsating collar. to love the desire with in Pockets vary numor maywithout fallUniversity for regular Young one

position. and winterspring will term. be ber winner The live. learn and and notified mail. by

We recognized the value of our opportunities together, and at that moment pledged to each other that just Brigham Young University as some return again and again to the ski slopes to recapture glorious adProvo, Utah venture, we would resume our search for historical landmarks.

178 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 10 BRING THE CHIEF HIS SON (Continued from page 159) she instructed her small charge. "Go usual, called Oopehanska, and they

few sticks, but she was willing and far that you cannot see me. I cut trudged home with their loaded robes.

was company. toward you."Day after day the secret digging

As Winona's body grew thicker The child out of sight, Winona went on, and the extra food was and heavier, her thoughts dwelt more worked furiously at the woodgather- carefully stored inside the cave.

and more upon her people. She ing in order that she might secure Finally, preparations were comthought of the unborn only as a son. some time for herself without its being pleted. She would not return to the

The chief's son should grow up perceived by the shortage in her camp this night. It was good that

among his own people. Her mind woodpile. Then she began to dig inOopehanska had not been along as

ran often to possibilities of escape. to the soft earth of the bluff beside usual.

She practised recalling the landthe stream. The dirt she cast into Winona crawled into the cave,

marks she had noted along the torthe water where the current would carefully concealing the opening with tuous trail. carry it away. When the sun began brush, and waited. She weighed the

The summer days flowed warmly to sink she prepared for camp as (Continued on following page) on into September. One afternoon

when she returned from the woodgathering, she lifted the skins of the tepee and entered its quiet shade.

"Wanno waso,"greeted a voice from the halflight.

Winona stopped and her heart leaped high. Shoshoni words. Beautiful words of welcome.

"Wanno waso, sister,"the voice repeated. the difference

Winona's pupils widened to the dusklike interior, and she saw awoman sitting in the tepee. She had Milk

noticed her about the camp but had not conversed with her.

"Where did you learn those beautiful words?"she sang, and her voice makes!

lifted like a bird's wing.

"Gros Ventres take me from Raft

River country many summers gone.

All my people killed. One Arrow

steal me. Now many papoose. One

Arrow not like Elk Horn. No more

wife. No harm done. I stay."

The two women chattered and laughed, noisy as bluejays.

Suddenly Winona's guest started.

She whispered, "Yesterday, Yarrow talk with friend, Miniyata. She say

Elk Horn no have more wife, just

Yarrow. All right now. Elk Horn ach pound

away, you do much work, give Yarcontains the row big rest. But soon hunters come

back. Before that she must kill you. Non Fat Milk

Elk Horn her man. You may give

him son."Solids of—

"What can I do?"Winonamoaned. "Look at me. Heavy, awk- 7 OUNCES OFMMward. What can I do? A woman

pursued and alone.""You find a way,"said the visitor MORE FOOD VALUE

and left Winona alone to think things over. BETTER FLAVOR

Each morning thereafter when Winona went to the river for wood, MilkImproved Table Queen she carried an extra ration of meat.

"Go down river, little woman,"costs no more than ordinary bread

MARCH 1953 179 TO BRING THE CHIEF HIS SON (Continued from preceding page) were muffled and grew fainter as store of food, estimating how long it the chase moved on to new grounds.

would last. Then she stored it in Three days and three nights she *BALDWINELECTRONIC ORGAN

her gkono on her back. As she crouched in the cool, dark cave,

worked, she listened intently. while the noisy, anxious search went

Late at night the sounds started. on—now nearing and quickening her

The waters splashed. The noise of heartbeats; now receding and letting

tramping feet and loud muttering her relax. The tramp of horses'

came ominously near, then sounds hooves told her that the braves had

(>-23r>3\35 7/ oo3e mreats

Richard L. Evans

THESE BALDWIN is heard to say what he will do to someDEALERS Cometimes someone one else—if—! And in that "if"a threat is uttered or

are ready to serve you implied. Threats may seem necessary under some circumin your own vicinity. stances, but all of us under all circumstances should be

Ask for a demonstration. scrupulously cautious concerning our intentions against

others because a threat is a challenge, a dare in a sense;

and human nature being what it is, threats often have

UTAH exactly the opposite effect of what was intended. There are

LOGAN many ways of threatening: Words are one way; attitudes and

innuendo are another; weapons are another. A threatening Cache Valley Music Co.

1060 North Main gun, even an empty gun, has often proved to be a source of trouble and tragedy, by the sheer suggestion of intention

SALT LAKE CITY to intimidate. If a person points a gun or shows one or

even if he has one, by his very pointing or possession he says

PalmerWatkins-Clark Music Company in effect that he will shoot under some circumstances—else

60 East First South why would he have one? And the person who is threatened

cannot be expected to know how earnest is the actual intent.

bluff.) And so SOUTHERN UTAH & NEVADA (We never know quite how far to believe a

to is be safe he that must the intent assume serious. Any

J. McAllister W. evil of is evidence or adverse intent threat. fist a clenched A St. George, Utah

is a threat. It implies that it will be used if—if certain

conditions are not complied with, just as a gun implies

IDAHO that it will be used if—if, for example, the bank cashier

doesn't hand the cash over the counter as commanded.

BOISE And so it must follow that a threat is presumed to be punBoise Music & Appliance Co. ishable because it is evidence of intent. As a man thinketh,

211 North 8th Street so is he, and as he threatens, so must he expect to be held accountable. The question of threatening is particularly imIDAHO FALLS portant in dealing with children, for children soon learn to

George R. Larsen know whether or not we are earnest in our intent, whether

Idaho Falls, Idaho or not we will do what we say we will do. And if they find

that our threats are empty, our influence and authority are

REXBURG weakened with them. On the other hand if we threaten

George R. Larsen unjustly, if in anger we threaten more than the circum35 College Avenue stances suggest, and then follow through our unjust threat,

we lose face and faith and love and confidence and maytoo extreme be to say it would

it is certainly too but not MONTANA thatbe muchwe shouldmore. neverPerhapsthreaten,

BUTTE extreme to say that a loose threat is a liability, for we are

Len Waters Music Company accountable for our intentions as well as for our actions and 119 North Main Street utterances.

BILLINGS JL SpoLn WoJ FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

Lindamood Music Company PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING 224 North Broadway SYSTEM, JANUARY 18, 1953 Copyright, 1953

180 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lo Bring the Chief His Son

(Continued from preceding page) returned from the hunt and had joined the seekers.

Silently she prayed: "O Great

Mystery, a needy daughter kneels before thee. I cannot hear thy soft

voice which sings in the running water; I cannot hear thy whisper in

the willows and the cottonwoods; I

cannot see thy bright eyes in the moon and the sun. This cave is dark,

and all sounds are muffled except the tread of many feet which beat on thy great drum, the earth. O hear

my prayer! Thou knowest that my

son must be taken safely to his father's people. Thou knowest the danger.

Do not let my enemies find me here meneyhtah (beside the water).

Mechinkshee (my son) is wakan (holy) to thee as to me. Help me in

my need, and I and my people will bring the boy up to be a brave warrior. O hear me!"

On the morning of the fourth day, all noise of the search had ceased, and she crawled out of her cave to look around. At first there was nothing to be seen. Then her keen sight

picked out a horse on the hillside. It

was Elk Horn's pony. Peering intently she could make out, lying down

beside the horse with his head slightly raised, the form of a man.

Also, a careful scrutiny showed a man, prone on the horse, watching over the horse's shoulder. She crept

back into the hole and waited for night to come.

. Cincinnati i,ohio When the camp was dark and still, THE BALDWIN PIANO COMPANY

she crawled out again, and traveled BUILDERS OF. BALDWIN GRAND PIANOS HAMILTON VERTICAL AND GRAND PIANOS

up the river toward the canyon where the company had entered the ACROSONIC SPINET PIANOS BALDWIN ELECTRONIC ORGANS plains in the spring. She waded in

the water a long way, always with fear to sharpen her breath and her ears. Then she climbed cautiously

out of the water into the willows.

Through the growth she pressed and run. into abroke

night All long she traveled, back "One Hundred Years of path.over the incoming When dawn Temple Building in the West'east to streak the with silver,began

she found a clump of brush, concealed herself in it, and slept. Commemorating the Laying

With the coming of night she was of the Cornerstones of theagain on her way back toward the

Late Mountains. RiverWind at Salt Lake Temple—April 16, 1853 sudin darkness, she the graynight

denly dropped flat in her tracks, hardly a breath. daring to draw Soon In the April Improvement Era five of came horsemena company

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1953 181 TO BRING THE CHIEF HIS SON (Continued from preceding page) A week she traveled thus, sleeping Walking and running by night near, singing a war song. They were by day and proceeding by night. She and sleeping by day brought her at

dreadfully close. She eyed the horses. chewed at the meat she carried as length to that spot where, on the inWould they smell her and shy? They she fled, and too soon it was gone. coming trip, the party had left the

passed steadily onward without a She was beginning to feel her weakdead brave. Digging nervously among

sign. She let out her breath and ness, and was no longer able to run the treasures the Gros Ventres had

waited. She lay shivering and waitany length of time. But she dared laid beside their comrade's body, she

ing. No others came into sight. not stop. She trudged on. found the knife. From a buffalo robe

These warriors must have been out Where serviceberries and chokebeside the corpse she cut a piece for searching for her and were now recherries grew near the path, she moccasins and another to make a bag turning from their fruitless hunt. snatched at this food as she found it. for food. She covered her sore and

They probably thought that she was But darkness cut off that means of bleeding feet. She filled the newly

much farther away from camp besustenance most of the time. contrived bag with food from the

cause they must have assumed that Her anxiety over her unborn child offerings in the burned blanket left she started westward that first night. kept her mind on her people and in the burial tepee. Long strips of

Search again so near camp was unstiffened her courage, thus lessening buffalo hide provided her with strings likely. Silence settled down like a her hunger pangs. She was grateful to secure the pack on her back.

fog over the dark hillside. for the times she had had to go With food and adequate protection

darkness—nothingShe rose and peeredbut throughsilence andthe hungrytraining asshe acouldchild.not haveWithoutendured.that foreagerhertofeetbe off.she tookAt thecourageopeningandof wasthe

purple night. She walked on, alert Her moccasins were worn so thin tent she turned back and picked up

and cautious. Continued silence and ragged that they often slipped the dead brave's bow and arrows

brought confidence, and again she off. Her feet were bruised and torn. and took them with her. She

ran, ran for her life, and the disBut it was safety, not comfort, which straightened and held her head high.

tance between her and the camp she sought. She pressed on. A double satisfaction filled her heart.

steadily widened. When dawn caught up with her, She not only had supplies and proBut she was not in condition to she slept in a small wash in a hilltection for herself, but she had made

run long. The pace told on her, and side or underbrush, until darkness an enemy lose face. She was off with

she slowed to a walk. freed her feet again. renewed strength.

Spring Quarter at the "II"Registration set (or March 24 Springtime leads to romance and romance leads to responsibilities.

Today, more than ever before, a college education is essential to fulfill those responsibilities, and there is no better place for Utahns to get that education than at their own state university.

Educational opportunities are offered that cannot be excelled anywhere. Colleges of instruction include: Education, Engineering, Medicine, Law, Business, Mines, Fine Arts, Pharmacy, Nursing, university college along with graduate

school work.

See what the University has to offer YOU

For full information write Office of the President

university

uI'ah Lake City 1, Utah JO 182 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Onward and onward she traveled, always under cover of night. One

morning just before dawn she felt unusually weary and sank down for a moment's rest but fell to sleep immediately.

She was awakened by a tugging at her back. She lay tense and waited.

She turned her head slowly and peered through the corner of her eye.

She caught a glimpse of the yellow coat of a coyote.

Instantly, she was on her feet.

Seizing a piece of the dried venison she threw it at the startled animal.

As he bent to the food, she fled. All

day long she traveled.

By this time she had entered the mountains near her own valleys and had less fear of daytime travel. Pursuit was unlikely now, and raiding

parties were seldom staged in the fall. Excitement drove her on, but

now she dared stop to enjoy the serviceberries which were such a welcome addition to her scant diet.

She crossed the valley toward the opening into the Raft River country. The special Wicks Organ

Through the mountains she came, and console designed for light of foot and with uplifted face. the Boston, American

On the brow of the last hill she stood GuildDetailsofandOrganistsprice Convention.for this size

and, hand to eyes, scanned the Raft instrument gladly furnished.

River Valley. It was empty.

She sank down on the summerhurned grass and wept out her disapftorTT. YOU CAN OWN

pointment and fatigue. Long, long

flowed. Winona tears Then the shading A WICKS PIPE ORGAN and, her pack, adjusted rose,

her eyes again, studied the land be-... at the price of imitations

low her. Down in a small ravine a

thin spiral of blue smoke curled skyThere is nothing finer for Church or Tabernacle service... This instrument best ward. Carefully focusing her eyes than the WICKS ORGAN.

is specifically case, it In organist. the each of fills the need a long she saw smoke below the it is for service which the to of the meet demands to built the slope down tepee. She hurried intended.

abode. Indian the The WICKS ORGAN without food now for She had been joy to play is a—andis itsbeautifullow performanceto see and toandhear.mainIt

days and was as hungry for food as tenance costs will amaze you. Fortysix years of infor information. She approached the tensive research have resulted in this genuine pipe organ

tepee and peeked inside. giving to the world one of the great instruments of all

tribe time. her of couple own An old Prices start at $2975—(Complete details upon request). looked old within. man rested The

startled and motioned for her to go Please write to the nearest Representative Leonard1651 AshlandDowling service and advice. Santa Monica, Calif. away. She knew what he feared.—for expert personal

Chas. Allen often employed W. Indians raiding Melvin Dunn Hansen W. Lynn The Gararden H. Vernon

1st 10708 Ave., 10th N.W. 481 Ave. Donald S. Mac Ave. 25 Gate 98 Golden stole to spy they 33, Washington City, the women Utah Seattle Salt Lake Arizona Mesa, 2, Calif. Francisco on their San

home tribes.

Joy anchored her tongue, and she could not speak the words which Zke WICKS ORGAN would reveal her identity. At last they came. Reminding him of the COMPANY

raid and how she and her sister had Please write Dept. E-2 been taken captive, she told of her WICKS

escape and of how she had made the HIGHLAND... ILLINOIS ORGANS

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1953 183 To Bring the Chief His Son

(Continued from preceding page) lonely and dangerous return trek.

He welcomed her in.

"Are my mother and father still living"she asked, "and my husband?"

"Yes, yes, yes,"said the old couple.

"You find them all over the mountain. Many of our people living now

on sunset side."

"Your husband not married again,"volunteered the old woman.

Gladness and gratitude lighted

Winona's tired features. She wanted

to know so many things, but she was too full of her own adventures, and as the old woman prepared food for her and ease for her weariness, she poured out her tale of peril and suffering.

"Tokee. Tokee,"the old folk comforted her. "It is over. You are with

friends now and soon you will be in your mother's arms."

When she was fed, rested, and STAINLESS STEEL WALLS mark the cheered, she again took up the jourhandsome skyscrapers of Pittsburgh's ney and went over the hill where she

Gateway Center. Panels are made of could see the Indian camp of home

corrosion -resistant Stainless Steel, nestling between the hills.

backed up with lightweight concrete She dragged wearily, but happily, reinforced with welded wire fabric. into the cluster of tepees. Such a

These are attached to the building frame quickly and easily. Multistory peeking and a nutter of tepee flaps

building walls go up with astonishing as went on as she came in. They

speed—in this project, at better than gathered around her, her friends, her

a floor-a-day rate. And because these people. She stood before her mother,

wall panels weigh less, the weight of both women speechless with joy.

supporting structural members is also Her mother approached and kept reduced, resulting in lower building running her hands over Winona's costs. Only steel can do so many jobs face, her hair, her arms. She could

so well. scarcely believe that her daughter was alive or that the enemy and the miles had given back her child.

Winona touched reverently her mother's hair cut short in mourning for the loss of her two daughters.

Silver Leaf was not among the welcomers. Winona asked for her.

Her mother did not answer, but her eyes grew foggy with sadness. In The Gospel Net again. A friend spoke for her, "We

By Eider John A. Widtsoe haveby Crowsheardwhothat carriedshe washerrecapturedinto the

North Country."

Faith Promoting, Inspiring Sorrow darkened all their faces, and Winona stepped with her mother into her mother's tepee where they

Informative, Appealing might be alone together.

The men of the tribe were on an hunting trip and had been A book for family reading autumn gone for some time. Winona rested

At all Church Bookstores herin hertime.mother'sIt came,tent andand awaitedson wasfor

184 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA born. She named him Matahuhewah

(Unto His Own). She remembered

her prayer within the cave andprayed again, this time to thank the EAGLE

Great Spirit. One day a great commotion in the CASE PRESENTScamp heralded the return of the huntHITCH

ing party. Winona kept quietlyhidden in her husband's tepee. On NEW TRACTOR

buffalo robes beside her lay the infant son. LOW SEAT

lifted, skins the doorway on The chief the steppedand moFULL CROP inside. A

ment he waited for his eyes to adjustto the twilight, and then he saw her. CLEARANCE

Dignity stiffened his body, and he stood tall with his arms tightly folded across his chest.

"Why you come back?"he demanded. Winona rose silently from her bed forDownriqht

of skins, stooped and lifted the baby,and holding him out before her, she COMFORTCONVT.N lENCt

said, "To bring the chief his son. He Just step on and sit down in this new, easyriding Case

has need of his people."Eagle Hitch Tractor. Its low "bodyguard"seat is handy to

Only the brightening of the chief's controls, handy to watch your work. Yet this 2 -plow, gen-

... gives clearance eralpurpose lowseater crop you fulleyes told of the joy in his heart.

stability. front.. adjustable rear wheelget 4-wheel you and

The stiff silence lengthened. tread for wide range of row spacings... upfront cultivaFinally, "Wini. Tewidgie"he said tion, or behind if you like with Eagle Hitch rearmounted

("Very good. Papoose.") cultivators... hightorque, heavyduty engine with lugging

get all the... you

Constant A moment they stood in utter stillabilityadvantages... powerful,of Eagle HitcheasypedalFarming,brakesincluding Hyness—the woman with her head draulic Control.

slightly inclined, eyes on the skinwrapped infant.

Then the chief spoke again, "The baby's mother is also welcome.

Haychaytu (It is well)."He turned

about, and the skins at the doorway flapped into place behind him.

Winona sank back on the robes and carefully laid the child down before she gave way to her own feelings.

At last she quieted and said aloud, "He shall be called Matahuhewah (Unto His Own)."She was aware

that he would earn his own name and place in the tribe like any other Indian boy. She did not live to hear

him called Pocatello. NO CLIMBING

TO GET ON OR OFF just a step from the Low rearmount- over ground platform—... No climbing

ed implements. Like other Eagle Hitch

Tractors, this lowseater hooks up to great variety of Eagle Hitch implements in a minute of so, while you stay in the driver's seat. ConstantDepth principle

permits more uniform work than ever before possible with rearmounted plows.

Works with breakaway plows that uncouple on striking stone or stump... recouple by backing tractor. See your Case

dealer for demonstration. 'J. I. Case Co.,

Dept. C-44, Racine, Wis.

MARCH 1953 185,.::::*>>:*>:*:*:*:*:*: -,;::;:::,:,.:.:;:-::.; -:;;.::.v,:

%Melchizedek

'"Phis is a continuation of the teacher's historians of Christianity.) Show that without first requiring them to show

the principles live the that substance) "omoousios"word they could (one supplements for the Melchizedek used of gospel? in the the to describe Nicene Creed

for Priesthood lesson course 1953. Helps the to of nature is the Father Son, show the C. 20:7072 D. (Read and &

for lessons 1 to 9 appeared in The Imroot of the controversy, and that this care with which we should admit provement Era, February 1953. word was seized upon by an unbaptized individuals to the Church.)

pagan emperor and forced upon the B. By use of narrative

council. 1. Place on the blackboard an outline

Lesson X The Discussion: of the lesson such as the following:

is debate inadequate an method 1. Why Outline THE NICENE CREED of the determining nature God? Constantine used the power of I. How (Continued) 2. is the of determination point of a ofWhy state to convert Christians. doctrine force practice? a dangerous by

Text: James L. Barker, Church and State, 3. Should even a point of view obtained A. Imprisoned those who opposed

Lesson X by revelation be forced on the church? Christendom.

Crishis son, Imprisoned (1) own 4. In our revelais a Church when own Objective: that the Christian creed show To pus tion the binding Lord from the on concerning forced the was church God upon to wife death put (2) his own Had of the members Church?

it is the of state the power by even though his advisers Destroyed (3) own to class the Read 28:13; C. 26:2; D. & of the denial scriptures doctrines the a and 121:3446. privspecial B. Offered rewards and fathers. of the

B. ileges Roberts, Read, those to bapthe H. Defense be of would who

Suggestions on teaching procedures: 5. Faith,What Vol.effectI, wouldlast chapter.the use of force C. tized.Sought pardon for his crimes by

The approach: at the Council of Nicea have upon forcing his subjects to build new

it councils? set subsequent a Did churches. 1. Place blackboard on the an outline of

for precedent the force? use of the material to be covered.

6. its of Jesus Christ with If the Church II. Constantine built his own city

Suggested Outline centralearth, couldauthoritythe hademperorbeenhaveon thede- A. Forced his subjects to follow him

The emperor's influence on the Council of termined its doctrine? B. Caesaropapism

Nicea 7. Why were the apparent meanings of (Caesar as father of the Church)

A. Evidence of the influence the scriptures ignored? < TheChurch.state now fully dominated the

of of Eusebius (1) Letter that Constantine (a) Shows Ceasarea The Summarization: 2. Following the outline, relate what

to Reserve minutes one to summarize two the bishops to sign urged Constantine did to increase memthe lesson. of the high points The the creed. outline bership in the church.

at the synopsis the beginning of the text (b) Eusebius signed beor That class outline the will enable (The this purpose. be used for may feared exile. cause he to follow will help the narrator and

historians of the (2) Views fix in of lesson points the the main Assignment: The

(a) Mourret the mind.) interest in Arouse the lesson next quorum that Charges used emperor

of a 3. Follow the narration events by as a leaving following: such problem, the by force.

class discussion following of the did others Constantine to persuade How (b) Duchesne problems: join for the church? anLesson Read XI that Charges Constantine

wanted to exile all who swer. a. Contrast the effect of political

showed opposition. persecution of the church with

(c) HefeleLeclercq political favoritism for the church

Charges that emperor took Lesson XI insofar as the spiritual strength the view that the creed was of converts to the church is coninspired, and threatened Text: James L. Barker, Church and State, cerned?

with exile all who would Lesson XI b. How does "protection by the

state"easily to not sign. turn domination Objective: Constantine used show how To state? by the the of state the the ChrisNicene Creed power The to promote unscriptural and conis "Caesaroby meant c. What trary tradition tian churches. to Christian

as father of the (Caesar papism"?

1. It ignored church) such passages of scripture Suggestions teaching procedures: on as following: the

d. of were the consequences What 1:2627 Genesis approach: The Caesaropapism? 1:1-2 Hebrews of A. questions By use and problems e. throw doubt upon would What Acts 5:2932

John 1:1-4; 7:1617; 20:17 1. When a supreme ruler becomes a Constantine's claim that he was

attitude Christian his what would directed by divine providence? of of Father idea being and Son 2. The likely nonChristians toward be?

to the substance""one was new The Summary: could Constantine persuade 2. How the teachChurch condemned and

ings of the early fathers. others to become Christians? The synopsis at the beginning of the les-

a. Statement of the historian, HefeleList methods he might use, such as: son might be used as a guide in summarizLeclercq a. Preaching ing the high points of the lesson.

b. manStatement of the historian, New- c.b. ForceUse oforfavorsthreatsandof bribesforce Assignments:

c. No revelation involved in the (Show how Constantine used all of 1. For all quorum members:

formulation of the creed these.) How did Constantine dominate the

d. Existing views of Father and the 3. What was the danger in bringing church? (Read your text, Lesson XII.)

Son before the Council of Nicea into the Church great numbers of 2. By following the outline tell the story people who had not repented and Special Assignments:

of how the Nicene Creed was forced changed their way of life? a. Assign one quorum member to come

upon the bishops and how those op- 4. What danger would the Church of prepared to relate the whole story of

posing it were exiled. (Do not read Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints Arias; his view of God; his denunciathe manual to the class but only a few face today if we brought into the tion at the Council of Nicea; his exile;

extracts to show the views of the great Church all who sought admission, his restoration by Constantine.

186 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

;-:-x;:::::;::>:>-:::;;::::;

Priesthood

Lesson XII The Discussion: "... The example and reputation of ConCAESARO-PAPISM 1. Whatmore interestedshows thatin theConstantinesupport of wasthe stantineof baptism.seemedFutureto countenancetyrants weretheencourdelay

ANTINICENE REACTION Christians than in the correctness of a aged to believe that the innocent blood reign long shed in a they might which doctrine?

Text: James the in instantly be washed away would L. Barker, Church and State, 2. particularIs of there evidence any a central Lesson XII of abuse of regeneration; the waters and authority in the Christian durchurch

Teaching objective: 3. ingWhichthis ofperiod?the bishops were struggling religiondation ofdangerouslymoral virtue."underminedDecline andtheFallfounof

To show the political and religious divifor power at this time? Which bishop the Roman Empire, Ch. XX.

of sion the Roman Empire in the early half was favored by Constantine? Who was The Summarization: of the Century. Fourth his spiritual adviser?

at synopsis the outline Using on the did Constantine his put off bapWhy of the text, the beginning what summarize Suggestions on teaching procedure: 4. tism until shortly before his death?

(The view prevailed in the church at has been covered during the class hour.

approach: The that sins that after time baptism Assignment:

could not that be bapThe 1. of narrative: use forgiven—but By interest class the in general 1. Arouse all tism sins prior washed away.) material of lesson outline Place the an stating lesson next such a problem by class to the statethe following Read the following blackboard, the and on following: the as of historians ments concerning Conpolitical relate reoutline, the and political in happenings do the a. How stantine: ligious of of the forepart problems the affect a nation its churches?

Fourth Century. Draper says of him: b. What dangers face a church where

Suggested Outline: "From the rough soldier who accepted the a political dictator rules?

at purple York, great the to change how of the against reaction the church 1. The

the effeminate of the emperor Bosphorus, Creed Nicene Lesson XIII silken in robes, stiffened of with threads forced been Creed Nicene had A. The gold; of pearls, sapphires diadem a and and CAESAROPAPISM the the church upon Emperor by false hair, tints; stained of various steps his (Continued) Constantine. stealthily mysterious guarded eunuchs, by

(1) It had been contrary to the flitting through the palace; the streets full QUARREL BETWEEN EAST AND WEST

tradition of the fathers and of spies, and an ever watchful police! The

was unscriptural. same man who approaches us as the RoText: James L. Barker, Church and State,

(2) Only a small part of all the man imperator retires from us as the AsiLesson XIII

Christian bishops had attended atic despot. the last In his life, days of he Teaching Objective: council. the aside imperial the purple, put and, assumof that doctrines the fate church show To ing the customary white garment, of the church would main body B. The

largely the fate determined of empre- was by for baptism, sins that the of his long set pared the not idea accept of God perors of decisions in abthe and empire evil all and be life might away. washed forth in the Creed. Nicene

sence authority. of a central church Since purification complete can thus be breach, heal the Constantine C. To

only obtained, once desirous he was of supporters the the pardoned to Suggestions Procedures: on Teaching

procrastinate that last to the ceremony Arius Arian and finally movement politic, his Profoundly moment. in even The approach: himself.

relations with reheaven, thenceforth he 1. outline followas the Place such an general trend tocaused This a D. clined a bed, white further on took part no ing the blackboard: on that Constantine, so Arianism, ward affairs, in worldly and, having thus insured

alert repolitical to expediency, ever a right the to of continuance that prosperity East Quarrel the between and West his concerning position versed own life in future a which he had enjoyed in I. of the Division Empire upon Roman creed, of the accepted Eusebius and this, expired."(Draper, Intellectual Developthe of death as (a Arian) moderate Nicomedia Vol. ment, 1, p. 283.)

religious adviser. his A. the Constantine Far and ConstantineII—Spain

it resolved; quarrel not E. was The says Gibbon him: of

B. Central Empire The—schools of the Constans—West continued between sublime theory of "The the gospel had Italy, Africa, of part PeninBalkan (Arianism) Alexander Antioch and fainter a impression the made much on sula. (Athanasianism) heart the than of understanding on ConConstantius C. East The—rise sees great of three the F. The stantine himself. the pursued great obHe

II. political Religious division follows the (bishoprics) of Christendom. jects his of ambition the through dark and

division of folbloody paths policy; after Doctrine (Arian and, war and (1) Antioch

lowed) the victory, he abandoned himself, without A. The two emperors of the West supSynod of Tyre moderation, to the abuse of his fortune. Inported Athanasius and the Nicene

Synod of Jerusalem stead of asserting his just superiority above Creed.

(2) Alexander (Athanasius and the the imperfect heroism and profane phil- B. The emperor of the East supported

Nicene Creed upheld, but area osophy of Trajan and the Antonines, the Arianism.

divided.) mature age of Constantine forfeited the III. Attempts to conciliate the religious

(3) Rome (Strongly inclined toreputation which he had acquired in his factions ward the Nicene Creed.) youth. As he gradually advanced in the A. Exiled bishops pardoned

G. Death of Arias and of Constantine knowledge of truth, he proportionately de- B. Rival bishops, mutual excommunicain practise the of virtue; the and tions Suspicious circumstances (1) of his year in reign surclinedsame conhe which C. Use of of Arias death rounding force—bloodshed the Council vened of Nicea, polluted was by of Constantine Baptism to IV. Attempt (2) win the Bishop of Rome the execution, rather or of his murder, of Constantine Death to (3) Arianism eldest (Crispus) son of the time At...

H. Summary of the influence of Conthe death of Crispus, the emperor could A. Of the great sees (bishoprics) Antistantine. no longer hesitate in the choice of religion; och and Alexander were Arian.

(1) Assumed leadership of the he could no longer be ignorant that the Rome alone supported the Nicene church because it had no head. church was possessed of an infallible remCreed.

(2) Influenced the Council of Bishedy (baptism), though he chose to defer B. Bishop Julian of Rome invited to

ops. the application of it, till the approach of hold a council and reexamine the

(3) Made decisive decisions on docdeath had removed the temptation and issue.

trine. danger of a relapse. (Continued on page 204)

MARCH 1953 187 ThePresiding

Questions and Answers Concerning the New Award Program

Ward Aaronic Priesthood Meeting Increasing in Popularity

HPhe new ward and stake Aaronic

Varied and interesting reactions are assembled; making of necessary priestPriesthood award program is atbeing received from (principally, bishops assignments the and hood adtracting attention considerable among

their counselors concerning ministration sacrapassing of the and the comfifty leaders. or percent our more Whenbined Aaronic Priesthood roll; silent ment); meeting of time remainder each of all Priesthood bearers Aaronic under

month. to be occupied by a member or members 21 in the ward qualify for the individual

Leaders who have held the meeting as of the bishopric or other occasional award, the bishopric and their Aaronic recommended are encouragingly enqualified speaker, in giving encouragePriesthood leaders are presented with thusiastic about its place in our program. ment, counsel, presenting gospel mesthe ward Aaronic Priesthood award.

leadersHowever, have not yet who held sages, and in teaching fifty the total percent or more of the duties and When the meeting are those responsibilities who, for the of the priesthood. most 21 Priesthood Aaronic under enrolment

part, are still wondering whether it Question: What subjects are conin the stake qualify, the stake presiwill succeed. sidered to be appropriate for this meetdency and the stake committee receive

Quite naturally, with the introduction ing? the stake Aaronic Priesthood award.

of anything new, there are problems to Answer: Forty suggested subjects are Stakes and wards who have failed to

be solved and questions to be answered. listed for each second priesthood meetqualify for these coveted awards for 1952

In order to assist our leaders with their ing in the month in each of the Aaronic will do well to set their sails for success problems and their to answer questions, for Priesthood 1953. manuals The bish1953. best during very time Now is the

mostwe list the frequently is free its asked to take quesopric choice from this of to year during the remainder tions and furnish our answers as follows: among those subjects or to discuss one move up on this worthwhile project.

Question: When is the meeting to be

held?

Answer: It is to be held as the second derstanding, patience, fellowship, good

priesthood meeting in each month. Think It Over will.

Question: What is the purpose of the delicate detailed inand The more the Measure effectiveness ofmeeting? structions for on the of Wisdom, Word leadership your by the number of Answer: bring the bishopric (1) To instance, reserved should be for approbecause, follow you boys who

clearly intomore focus function and priate presentation discussion durand as rather their than whether, you are the presidency of the PriestAaronic ing the respective time. meeting quorum leader.—l. a. p.hood; lives (2) to enrich bless the and Question: deacons 21 under Where

of all who bear the Aaronic Priesthood gather fast offerings during the first through the more perfect exercise of the priesthood meeting of the month, and keys of the presidency of the Aaronic of its own choice as the Spirit of the attend the ward Aaronic Priesthood

Priesthood as vested in the bishop and Lord may direct. Extreme care should meeting during the second priesthood

his counselors. be taken in the discussion of any subject meeting in the month, is it not rather

Question: Specifically, who are exto avoid offending anyone present. Preserious that there should be only two

pected to attend the meeting? siding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin has deacons quorums meetings held (third

Answer: The bishopric; ward commitrepeatedly said: "It is not right to take and fourth weeks) during the month?

tee for senior members of the Aaronic advantage of those who attend this Answer: It can be very serious unless

Priesthood; ward committee for Aaronic meeting by offending them in any way the bishop's second counselor in charge

Priesthood under 21; senior members of or for any reason."of deacons and the quorum adviser are

the Aaronic Priesthood; bearers of the Question: Is there any separation for in close contact with quorum members.

Aaronic Priesthood under 21. quorum or group work? More personal contact between these

Question: Who conducts the meeting? Answer: No. The entire priesthood leaders and deacons, especially during

Answer: The bishop and his counselmeeting time is to be in joint assembly. the first and second weeks in the month,

ors as the presidency of the Aaronic Question: How can the bishopric can effectively reduce this potential

Priesthood. speak effectively to boys and men of hazard growing out of an irregular quoQuestion: Where is the meeting to such widely separated ages in the same rum meeting schedule.

be held? group? Question: Does the ward Aaronic

Answer: In chapels occupied by only Answer: We answer this question by Priesthood meeting reduce, by one, the

one ward, the meeting should be held asking one: "How do you speak to number of quorum meetings held durin the same place as the regular weekly persons all the way from babes in arms ing the month?

priesthood meeting. In chapels occupied to grandparents, even greatgrandpar- Answer: No. Each quorum or group

by two wards, one ward may hold forth ents, during sacrament meeting?"A must consider this joint assembly as a

in the chapel and the other ward in the speaker would scarcely invite all over quorum or group meeting to be acrecreation hall or any other room large 21 years of age to leave so he may speak counted for in the monthly report.

enough. more effectively to those under 21, or Therefore, if a bearer of the Aaronic

Question: What order of business is vice versa, would he? The bishopric Priesthood does not attend this comrecommended? will find no difficulty in this matter if bined meeting, he is marked absent from

Answer: Opening song; invocation; their counsel and messages are tempered his quorum or group meeting of that

announcements which concern those with love, kindness, consideration, undate.

188 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. PalmerBishoprics Page

Cottage Meetings for Priests Reports of Group Advisers Vital in Ward Aaronic

Required During 1953 Priesthood Leadership Meeting \X/e follow up our announcement on Jn part two of the ward Aaronic Priestto him and make a written report therethis page in The Improvement hood leadership meeting, it is recomof on special forms provided.

Era for February to the effect that a mended that the bishop and each of This report should be in the hands of priest under 21 will be required to "parhis counselors check the activity records the ward secretary on the first day of ticipate in two or more cottage meetings of each Aaronic Priesthood member in each month in order (1) that he may for priests"as an added requirement of their respective quorums or groups. copy the activity report of each senior

the individual Aaronic Priesthood The individual records of Aaronic member in the respective quorum or award for 1953. Priesthood members under 21, as regroup roll book preliminary to making

March is here! Nearly onefourth of corded in the roll books, are the basis the monthly report of the ward committee; (2) that he may place the group the year is gone. Bishop—have you set for the checkup and the necessary visitthis new plan in motion in your ward? ing assignments to be made. adviser reports in the hands of the memThe secretary of your ward committee The activity record of senior members bers of the bishopric for analysis and

will be happy to assist you in this of the Aaronic Priesthood should be checkup with the group advisers in part Priesthood Aaronic two of the ward project.

recorded rolls as or group in quorum leadership meeting. Stake suggest you committeemen—we reports of taken from the monthly written reports These be supshould give careful attention to the promotion

of this new feature in our work with group advisers for their assigned memplemented, when necessary, with conpriests. Kindly review the original anbers. It is the duty of a group adviser fidential information, given to members

nouncement in last month's Era and to know the attendance and activity of the bishopric in person by group addiscuss it with bishops in your forthrecord of each of the five men assigned visers.

coming priesthood leadership meeting.

Your helpful assistance to bishops in the full development of this project will Portneuf (Idaho) Stake Succeeds in Work With be appreciated. Senior Members of Aaronic Priesthood

Eight former senior members of the Aaronic Priesthood and their families stand beside the Logan Temple in which they recently received their greatest blessings. Stake President James A. Criddle

and high councilman George W. Aslett are

on the front row, right to left.

Pouring the past five years, fiftyfour The Portneuf Stake presidency are number of the senior members of the out of fiftysix senior members of the happy with the untiring efforts of Aaronic Priesthood participate in the

Aaronic Priesthood advanced to the George W. Aslett from the high counsacrament meetings in their wards. It is

Melchizedek Priesthood in the Portneuf cil, who is largely responsible for this a rich experience for them, and the (Idaho) Stake have taken their families outstanding accomplishment so pleasing Lord seems to enlarge their souls in through the temple for endowments and to our Heavenly Father. compensation for their humble efforts

sealing ordinances. Bishops are increasingly enthusiastic in his work. Fortysix senior members

of are Priesthood the parAaronic now all results overthe of witness as they Since the above taken, photograph was ticipating sacrain regularly somewhat cooperative their efforts to and humble five have more been through the temple their wards. in meetings ment this work. promote their families. with are Twelve more rejoice of hosts the must heaven How

preparing to enjoy the same privileges One of the principal reasons for sucover this rich harvest of souls in the and blessings in the very near future. cess in the Portneuf Stake is that a great Portneuf Stake I

MARCH 1953 189.

Historic Fort Laramie

(Continued from page 162) and prosperity. But dark clouds of

persecution had overshadowed this fair city, forcing the inhabitants to flee. Into the frigid weather on a TONIC February day in 1846 went hundreds

of these exiles. Before them lay the

icebound Mississippi, beyond that the snowcovered prairies of Iowa.

Families huddled together in wagons, tents, and hastily built shelters to escape the winter blasts. But these

vicissitudes did not daunt the spirit of this gallant band. Under the brilliant leadership of that great Pioneer,

Brigham Young, they moved slowly forward, forming an industrial column as they went, exchanging physical labor for food and clothing.

In the early fall of 1846 they founded a city of the plains near the present site of Omaha, Nebraska.

Give your car a fresh start for spring—treat your car's The long caravans of these exiled

engine to the longlasting protection of Utoco Motor Oil. people gathered at this site and, in

hastily built log and sod houses, spent

Fastflowing, fullbodied Utoco is a highdetergent, the winter and spring of 184647. heavy duty motor oil—which means it contains deterMany deaths occurred in the Camps of

gents that reduce engine wear by protecting it from Israel that fall and winter. Atop a

soot, acid, rust, varnish and sludge. With Utoco Motor green hill, near the mighty Missouri,

Oil in the crankcase, your engine will run with some six hundred new graves were smoother, quieter power... with maximum economy made, the price these people paid for

of operation and maintenance. their religious convictions.

of 1847 famous saw the The spring the For good of to keep engine your—leave vanguard company Mormon clean safely and lubricated oil change now, and your car—to locate Quarters a place Winter

again every 1000 miles. The cost of fresh, new Utoco settlement in the Great Basin. Theyof

Motor Oil is negligible. The cost of not changing often arrived at Fort Laramie June 1. Mr.

enough can be extensive! /jL Bordeaux, superintendent of the fort,

said he had never seen a more orderly

Let's Go * Theyor consideratewould go nowheregroup ofwithoutemigrants.permission. The Pioneers visited about

the the fort regarding and inquired twentyfive with UTOCO price of goods. Flour was

cents a pound, shirting, calico, andUTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY cottons sold for $1.00 a yard, buffalo

robes were from three dollars to five dollars and moccasins one dollar a pair. Fort Laramie, as the pioneers

feet a fortress 168 it, was by 116 In times like these.. sawoutside measurements. were There

eighteen rooms inside the enclosure.

In June 1849, Fort Laramie became Read Truth—Not Trash

the property of the United States government. Negotiations for its purTell your friends about chase had been completed by Mr.

Bruce Husband, proprietor, and LieuThe Improvement Era tenantUnited DanielStates Army.P. WoodburyThus theof govthe

ernment had taken a forward step in that westcarrying out its pledge the Watch for the Temple Issue in April full migration, swing, then in ward 190 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA would be given military aid along the route of the Oregon Trail.

The year 1849 was a momentous one in the history of the fort. It

marked the mad rush of the "gold army"over the Oregon Trail to California. The estimated number who

passed the fort was forty thousand men, women, and children, an emigration without parallel in any age.

These wayfarers, faces alight with desire and hope, came from practically every town, village, and hamlet in the United States and from many countries abroad. With shovels and

pickaxes lashed to their creaking ox carts, they followed the mirage of their hopes until it ended in success or despair.

(To be concluded)

The Stick of Judah and

the Stick of Joseph

(Continued from page 152) simplifies this to the bare names of "Judah"and "Joseph."90 But such

Max Carpenter, Manager a rendering completely ignores the preposition 1-, "to"or "for,"which See Uncle Roscoe's Playtime Party, Presented by Hotel Utah, Tues. & Thurs., 4:15 p.m., KSLTV

precedes the names of Joseph and

Judah every time the writing is mentioned: "take a staff of wood and

write on it for Judah,"etc. 91 The 1- Finest Movies

firesides, entertainments, Ideal for ward write Ezekiel not to thatmeans was for or home use. the classwork or lm mm fhisimply on "Joseph""Judah"CHOICE THE LAND Send for your copy of this new

Ruth and Nathan Hale,stick, but that he was to write someProduced by thing to or for them. It was to be both Latterday Saints. Theme is

a writing that somehow concerned takenProphecies.from % thehi. 16mmBook filmof inMormonbeautiChurch Seating

them. No more obvious means of ful color. Narration by Wendell Noble.connecting Joseph and Judah with the $10.00 per day rental. CATALOG

sticks could be imagined, of course, THE LIVING BOOK

Testathe Old Stories from taken 13 their of putting simply than that of Genesis, B ment, Book 16mm just that is wood. Butnames on the )i hr. Narration color. about or Each & W t-"\mi8.***.

the point: why in such an obvious by Wendell Noble, prominent L.D.S.

situation does Ezekiel not do the obRental$6.00 or$7.00$11.00in Bif 6& orW,more$12.00titlescolor.are

vious thing and put the names on the. booked.

sticks? is the it was AND That EDEN, NOAH way norEXILE FROM SfiC EGYPFAMILY, THE HIS HAGAR "write every mally done: man's thou REBEKAH,?8E?'\ ISAAC TIAN, AND

his rod,""write thename upon ESAU, AND JACOB AND InJACOB

HARAN, it,"FLIGHT effable FROM "write thy upon Name V-i,-'"'-'--WSk 'v:- THE CANAAN, TO RACHEL,RETURN it,"etc. Butname what upon JOSEPH, THE JOSEPH STORY OF

Ezekiel writes on the rods is not SLAVE, JOSEPH THE PRISONER, "Joseph"or "Judah,"but "for Joseph"JOSEPH GOVERNOR OF EGYPT r4iJ$% and "for Judah,"or, according to and REUNIONBook INThroughEGYPT.

some interpreters, "Joseph's"and "Judah's."The wide variety of translations shows that we are not conHILLAM'S

cerned here with a mere writing of Ideal Pictures FETZERS names. Property is not marked this 54 Post Office Place

way: Names found on ancient seals Salt Lake City, Utah Salt ahe Cabinet

are in the nominative case, not in Los2950Angeles,West 7thCaliforniaStreet 136 So.andWestFixtureTemple -"Jrpg|gk SaltCompanyLake City, Utah

(Continued on following page) MARCH 1953 191

Opportunities Unlimited at The Stick of Judah and the Stick of Joseph EVENING SCHOOL Make use of leisure hours on (Continued from preceding page)

Monday and Thursday evenings, the genitive. When Kautzsch wants

YOUR FUTURE MAY LIE IN THESE MINUTES toJosephmakeandit appearthe othersthat werethe namesactuallyof

ENROLL NOW writtenthe inscriptionon the rods,in thehe mustnominative,render

These and many other classes open for evening study: which Ezekiel conspicuously avoids.

HYSPEED LONGHAND GREGG SHORTHAND, SIMPLIFIED Hebrew uses no quotation marks, and

CPA COACHING TYPING AND OFFICE MACHINES so when the text reads "write on the

Our placement department gets scores of calls for jobs wood for Joseph,"it should be left starting from $175 to $250 for qualified personnel. Preas it stands, for when we introduce

pare yourself for one of these important jobs. our own punctuation and translate,

Call or write for further information... "write on wood, 'For Joseph'"we are

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY wasemployingused toa dedicatetype of inscriptionvotive offeringsthat to deities but not to denote posses92 tells sion. a writing Ezekiel us of BlSliKKSS Branrfe I10LLKGE IWnra another Joseph, for and for Judah SALT LAKE CITY 70 NORTH MAIN I fB IIV% certain to imwritings perform both

portant functions; but he does not,

as some suppose, give us the text of the writings.

However eloquent or informative

The Popularity theit presentedsingle rod orseriousstaff maylimitationshave been,of of an space when a lengthy communication was in order. The obvious solution

to this problem was simply to add ELECTRIC more rods, and it is in this multiplication of sticks to form a ritual bundle CLOTHES that Culin sees the origin of the book in some parts of the world. "The ancestry of the book in Eastern Asia,"DRYER

he says, "may be traced, not only to is the engraved strips of bamboo

Skyrocketing of(Chinesethe writer,ch'ak),to but,the bundlein the opinionof engraved or painted arrowderived slips

See What MAGIC Unfolds used in divination. The folding fan

with of China and Japan is not unlikely "MODERNFOLD"DOORS to have originated from these tanzaku * More Space for Living * Movable Walls or writing slips, which the nobles * New Colorful Beauty carried in order to make memoranda * Rigid Strength of Steel when in the presence of the soverSTANDARD SIZE DOORS

IN STOCK eign."93 The Orientals would cut a

the doors that fold piece of wood into strips notched on like an accordion the sides like tallysticks, which could

Buy From Your Dealer be "fanned out"to present a larger k

folded together perfectly to make "one modernfoid P Be rhrifty writing surface, and when not in use

I (he Electricity% stick"who inscribedin the handupon ofthemthe thenoblemanwords

For demonstration write or phone UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO. of majesty. The method recalls the

MODERNFOLD DOOR SALES CO. legendary cutting of the twelve rods

DIVISION OF ALDER'S of Israel from a single stock, but more

South Main1343 Salt Lake City is of the use of the bundle important

Phone 7-1531 CATHEDRAL fortunes to the 1 determine twelve rods r free send Please your me booklet entitled CHIMES of the nations. These tribal bundles IE for Living"10 "More Space? above, were always spoke which NAME we..;;., of nil U Address divination from of as books used

City State MAAS CHIMES, Dept. 219, Los Angeles 39, Cal. which the past and present and fu192 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ture history of the people was determined. As censusbooks they made

up a "Book of Life""opened at the jthLfoundation of the world"to tell the Hammond Organ history of the coming age: if one's MUSICS MOST GLORIOUS VOICE

name were missing from this book, off the peo- "cut fromhe was among THE OVERWHELMING life part in theple"no and had OF CHURCHES, CHOICE 94 race. cardof the modern The AUDITOSCHOOLS AND

deck is derived from a bundle of RIUMS FROM COAST TO tribal rods, fiftytwo in number, used COAST.

in divination all over the world: InIT'S TREMENDOUS LEADERdividually each token has a mesSHIP IS STILL GROWING,

sage; together they make up a book WITH MORE HAMMOND

which is read by the adept with as ORGANS BOUGHT BY much confidence as if it were in writCHURCHES IN THE PAST ing. 95 It is thus quite possible for YEAR THAN IN THE PREthe staves of "Judah and his asVIOUS YEAR.

sociates,"as well as "Joseph and his associates"to represent books conVERY RECENT CHURCH INSTALLATIONS taining the census and history of Aurora L.D.S. Ward McGill (Nev.) L.D.S. Ward

these nations. Wanship L.D.S. Ward Community Methodist Church

L.D.S. 3rd Ward (Carlin, Nev.) Sticks and Scrolls:—When a rod Payson

or staff serves as a token of authority

Get Full Information from Seldon N. Heapsand identification, it is important

GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO WEATHER RETORT 74 South Main

By Leonard K. Sehiff Ogden Salt Lake City, Utah Provo

Somehow I can't be debonair When f after battling snow and sleett I'm greeted with an icy &MgSiM stare And asked if I have Rough Rider slacks {Announcing wiped my feet.

Another Book that no copy or duplicate of it be alfalter every 221322 by Nephi Anderson lowed to circulate. 96 In that case the 'Smultiplication of messagestaffs is im- r J- 'M J THE CASTLE BUILDER

possible. What is to be done if a There have been many requests for other

longer message is to be sent? This booksthese bydemandsNephi hisAnderson.book, "THEIn responseCASTLEto

problem and its solution are actually serialBUILDER"in thewhichImprovementwas firstEraprintedand aslatera met in the ancient North, where in book form, is again available. This

only one royal summonsarrow was bookin Norway.describedWhilescenes,it portraysand explainsthe life lifeof

legal, and no others could be cut. 97 anand earlysacrifices,convert'sit alsohardships,tells howmoralhis battlesheart

To make room for a long message, a doctrineis thrilled andwith fascinatednew and consolingwith suggestedreligious piece of parchment was attached to wovendreams withof Zion.the oldTheyetwholeever booknew isstoryinterof

the staff and was rolled around it.98 life—the love of faithful hearts.

To this day in Tibet the summonsto-lifeThe readerintroductionwill findwhichdelightthis inbookthe givestruearrow is sent out exactly as it once to the lives of two typical Mormon converts.

ancestors:was among our northern

Prico $|75 238 pages order is sent"A mobilization on a only piece of red cloth attached to an arrow. The arrow is dispatched by a NephiOther booksAndersonby

special rider who gallops to the nearest headman and hands it over to DORIAN $T.50

ADDED UPON... 1.85him. The headman takes note of

the contents of the order and imBECAUSE THEY'RE All three may be ordered frommediately dispatches a fresh rider to bcyt another headman."99 On festival asMRS. NEPHI ANDERSON

4TH 722 EAST SOUTH sembly days the ancient Japanese CITY, LAKE UTAH Roughs Rider SALT warriors would bind strips of holy Napa, California Also for sale at your Church Book Store (Continued on following page) MARCH 1953 193 THE STICK OF JUDAH AND THE STICK OF JOSEPH

(Continued from preceding page) that liber originally meant bast or the stick or rod around which a scroll paper bearing written texts on their bark. was wrapped. The interpretation is

arrows, "inscribed sacred paper for Whether the ancient scroll origperfectly possible. As Gregory the

the gods."100 The Ojibwa may subinated in one or many places, its atGreat observed long ago, the Hebrew

stitute for the painted rod or arrow tachment to a stick certainly betrays word etz wood can mean almost anyshaft, that serves as an invitationits origin; for the stick is by no means thing in the Old Testament, dependin which the context entirely is on in fact an ing necessary bearing of birchbarkstick "a piece to a scroll—it

be etz 101 must it is Sometimes used. 103 ancients the inconvenience, used by a Herecharacters."we have

natural scroll, as anyone who has only in ritual and very valuable litertranslated as tree, sometimes as tried to write on tough, curling birchary text, a quaint, oldfashioned surbranch, image, musical instrument, bark can attest, and we are reminded vival. 102 framework, idol, house, ax, plow,

stalk (!) rod, flax spear, of beam, the interpret often Saints Latterday is related closely birchthat the word

104 tills one etc., etc. gallows, to When to refer Ezekiel 37 stick in also word book, and box, andto beech,

with wood, it is rendered not wood but plow; when one plays music on

it, it is no longer mere wood, but an instrument; when one worships, it

it is an idol, and so forth. Now what

What "enduring beauty"means is the specific use to which the wood is put in Ezekiel 37? It is used, as

Keil insists, to be written on, and for to your ward or stake house that purpose only. It is hence not

surprising that the early Jewish commentators on the passage rendered wood here as tablet, but Keil cannot accept this because the sticks in

Ezekiel are not treated at all as tablets would be. On the other hand,

Keil finds it very significant that the prophet deliberately avoids calling the sticks rods or staffs, as if that, too, would give the wrong impression. 103 How can a stick be a book?

(To be continued) REFERENCES MGinzberg, op. cit., Ill, 335.

"Medieval commentators unite everything in the Rod of Aaron: Mary is the Rod of

Aaron (PL CXLIV, 721, 760; CLXV, 883),

the flowering rod from the root of Jesse (Tertullian, PL II, 788); Christ is also the

Rod of Aaron (PL CXLIV, 730), as well as the Rod of Moses (PL CLXXI, 686;

CXCV, 1061). The rod of Moses reprepower and his of Christ the Cross sents entrance, inviting the.f admired you have the also It represents 641). (PL CLXVII, or stake pillars, or steeple ward on the a new

house, chances are that they were created congregation of the righteous (PL CXII, with Buehnerstone. The unmatched beauty 1081), and even the whole human race

of Buehnerstone comes from the combina- (PL CXCI, 684). The blossoming rod is

tion of natural quarried stone aggregates, the humanity of Christ, who is the blossom with quartz, marble, as granite, and such of Jesse (PL root the from the rod a on to matrix, according highquality cement the is naturally rod 584). The CLXVII, is a This century. half over developed "recipes"and skills 339) CLXX, (PL judgment of divine symbol little cost so dur-... with upkeep to last, sparkling beauty made

able that Buehnerstone has been selected for the entire facing of and of dominion (L, 738).

the new Los Angeles Temple. S. Culin, Games of the North American

Indians (Washington, 1907), p. 46.

""Hilary Jenkinson, "Exchequer Tallies,"

Archaeologia LXII (1911), p. 367.

70Ibid., p. 386.

"H. Jenkinson, "Medieval Tallies, Public

and Private,"Archaeologia 74 (1924), p.

*40 WILMINGTON AVENUE * *SALT, LAKE CIT*. UTAH 305.72Jenkinson, op. cit., 1911, pp. 373f, 370.

- The foil is sometimes called the contratallia, the countertally, p. 374.

lzlbid., p. 374.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Jenkinson, op. eit., 1924, p. 318. in Egypt the 52 arrow shafts of divination 100]apanische Volksmarchen (Jena: Die15Ibid., p. 292; on "lot and scot,"Nibley, "drifted down to the vulgarity of playingderich, 1938), p. 43; see my note on docuPetrie, cards,"according Scarabs M. F. to W. of this type, Wst. Pol. Qt. II, 342, ments the technical cit., 331f, whereop. 334, pp.

etc. (Univ. with Names, and Cylinders of n. 80. (skera or upp) arrow for an markingterm

is the same as that for marking tallies, London, 1917), p. 4. 101G. Mallery, "Picturewriting of the

Cylinders Seal Ward, H. The "W. tallies of cit. the loc. lengthJenkinson, The Bur. Indians,"Rept. of American Ethnol. X 3ff. (Washington, Asia Western 1910), pp. Indians as deis exactly the determined fig. 375. (1888-9), 367,

sent arrows that '"The only time were two cut of gamingsticks length thetermine 102BIass, in Mueller's d. Aw., von Handb. shaft) (a by went one wooden when was the from shafts, measuring byfrom arrow

I, first scrolls genuine acever (of ancient iron) sea, other land 335. The and the by extip the of the to forefingertip of the

in to Sitzungsbericht to cording Weinhold, intact the are be discovered Sea Q. Deadtended thumb.

(Phil.-Hist. d. 1891 d. zu Berlin Wiss. Akad. scrolls, sticks to them. have none of which

op. cit, 1911, p. 374; 1924, TCJenkinson, 536. p. Kl.) XXIX, Patrol. 103In 394. p. Lat LXXV, 315.p. 548. "Ibid., p.

'"Idem, 1911, p. 369. So complete was "G. N. Roerich, Trails to Inmost Asia 104Zorell, Lexicon, p. 618.

the destruction that all knowledge of the (Yale Univ., 1931), p. 352. 102Keil, Commentary on Ezekiel II, 130.

institution of tallycutting was completely lost in England after the fire, ibid., p. 371.

Idem, 1911, p. 378; 1924, pp. 313f, 293.

TOOf all the surviving tallies, only two bear writing in English, idem, 1924, p. 314.

80The one exception is G. A. Cooke, Book

of Ezek., p. 400: "The symbol evidently

for it is imitated impression, a lastingmade Functional beauty teams with 1 1 the two:7, where, however,in Zechariah

staves (a different word) are given names but not inscribed."operation has been studied by economy for new recreation center "The

Theod. Mommsen, Romische Forschungen

(1864) I, 338348, and in the Historische

Zeitschrift I, 339342, cited by Nibley in the

Classical Journal XL (1945), p. 538.

Nibley, op. cit, pp. 537f. The oldest

known symbolon was the messengerstaff given by Apollo to his missionary Abaris;

Abaris used it as a feasting ticket and sign of authority wherever he went, Nibley

Wst. Pol Qt II, p. 332.

M"It is the arrow of the summus deus, held on loan by an earthly king as a gage of divine support, that everywhere gives the latter his earthly power and authority,"

Nibley, op. cit., p. 334.

uIbid., pp. 338f.

See Oxford Dictionary, article "book."

88Frd. Blass, in Ivan von Mueller's Handbuch der hi. Altertumswissenschaft (Munich,

1892), Vol. I, 334: "In Italien muss in alter

Zeit vielfach auf Bast geschrieben sein, da das Wort liber noch bei Vergil dies bedeutet.... Der Gebrauch des Holzes

aber ist in beiden Laendern alt. Im

Lateinischen stammt daher das Wort codex = caudex."

"Freeman, Handbook of Bible Manners, the newhere'sParkbeautyStakewithRecreationa purpose Center,in the wallsshownof etc., No. 583. under construction in the picture above. Upper

MGinzberg, Legends, etc., VI, 54. walls are selfinsulating, soundabsorbing and

decorative highly Blocks, Buehner RedLava LowIbid., Ill, 19. er walls are smoothsurface Buehner HoneTex

"""The prophet is... to inscribe one with Units, which were developed especially for use in gymnasiums,

classrooms, halls and recreation protective the wherever the other with the andthe Judah, name safety of a surface smooth must attractive with apbe. combined.. 400. p. Joseph,"name durability, pearance, and economy.

B1"... his companions.'The 'For Judah

stick, emblem of the royal sceptre, was to be inscribed with those words."Fisch,

Ezekiel, p. 249.

e2Numerous examples of seal inscriptions and dedications may be found in A. Deimel,

Sumerische Grammatik (Rome, 1924), and in H. Frankfor, Cylinder Seals (London:

Macmillan, 1939). Publications of collected

Oriental seals are very numerous.

S. Culin, in National Museum Rept.,

1896, p. 887.

"Nibley, Class. ]nl. 40 (1945), 536ff.

MNibley, Wst. Pol. Quart II, 337. Even

MARCH 1953 195 RUBYH. MORGAN

Editor

selves with singing and dancing. A

change of activity was recognized as good as a rest or even better, at Recreation for Youth times.

Recreation is needed by every perby Rex A. Skidmore, Ph. D. son. We all have excess energy which

PROFESSOR OF SOCIOLOGY AND SOCIAL WORK, piles up and seeks expression one way

UNIVERSITY OF UTAH or another. Wholesome recreation

provides an excellent outlet. Group

Nearly all of us, young and old associates to engage in wholesome play gives an opportunity for learnalike, have some leisure time; recreation. Many churches and other ing to socialize and get along well

consequently, recreation has begroups in those days strongly opposed with others. Playing in a ball game

come one of the major activities in play, claiming it was evil and from or singing in a musical chorus usually our life. Professor E. L. Thorndike the devil. Joseph Smith taught that brings friends closer together.

found that the average adult has recreation could be enjoyable, elevatPsychiatrists tell us that we need nearly five hours a day to do as he ing, and healthful. He encouraged to play and have a change of activity

pleases. Most teenagers think they dancing, drama, music, and other—for our own mental health. As a

have little free time, yet if a careful worthwhile activities. result of changed activity, we are

check were made, they would probBrigham Young likewise invited the rejuvenated and better able to perably be surprised. Saints to join together in wholesome form regular activities.

Leisure time activities can help to recreational pursuits. Two of the first Recreation is of two main types:

make or break a person. Play may major buildings constructed in Salt recreation through observation and

either build character and revitalize Lake Valley were Social Hall, dedithat through participation. Each has

a person, or degrade and hinder him, cated in 1853, and the Salt Lake some advantages, but ordinarily most spiritually and otherwise. Choice of Theatre, completed in 1862. Presiof us do not participate enough—we

recreational activities, then, is most dent Young, too, believed that people take the lazy way out and only watch.

important. need a diversion from daily routine. Observing a ball game is all right,

Our Church leaders often stress the While crossing the plains, many but playing in a game is even better.

positive values of play. Joseph Smith, groups of Saints, after walking fifteen Actually doing things is extremely

who liked to participate in many enor twenty miles, sometimes pulling important. Going to a dance is usualjoyable recreational activities, was or pushing carts, joined around the ly better than watching dancers on

ahead of his time in encouraging his glowing campfire and enjoyed themTV or from the sidelines. Personal

Relaxation is needed by all. Personal activity brings personal satisfaction. Participation in roadshows like the one shown above is an example.

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Toasted wheat germ makes this hot wheat cereal better tasting and better for you!

Youngsters! Adults! Infants! The whole family likes this creamyrich, energypacked

cereal because of its swell, roasted nutlike flavor. And what "go"power it gives them!

Unlike other cereals, Wheat Hearts is enriched with 20% toasted wheat germ, and wheat germ is a wonderful source of vitamin activity brings personal satisfaction. B-l! Actually, this cereal is 6 times richer in

Recreation through observation should vitamin B-l than whole wheat itself.

be used in moderation and certainly Lifegiving protein! Food energy! Essential

supplemented with much participaminerals! Valuable vitamins! You get them

tion. We should avoid "sititus."all in this great cereal. Doctors recommend

What kinds of activities are best? Wheat Hearts for youngsters to grow on, for

Any kind of play which is enjoyable adults to go on.

and in keeping with the standards Best of all, Wheat Hearts cooks in 3 minserving! utes, costs Toless than a penny a thisof the Church is desirable—and piping serve Hearts, morning morrow Wheat every kind of sport for nearlyallows hot and hearty, with milk and sugar, plus a

and recreation. At the same time, spoonful of your favorite sparklinggood jelly.

the proper use of the activity is im- M-m-m-m! It's delicious!

portant. Dancing may be beautiful

and enjoyable; it may also be vulgar,

depending on the uses made of it.

The best source of wholesome recreation is the Church, with its variety of activities. Dances, firesides, parties, dramas, and musical and speech

festivities are sponsored by Church quorums and auxiliaries and provide excellent opportunities for fun and development.

Dancing is one of the most popular activities enjoyed by teenagers. Most

wards and stakes—and now some

stakes are joining together to provide weekly Saturday dances—sponsor excellent dancing parties which

bring fun to all.

Two places seem most appropriate SPECIAL OFFER: A beautiful "Queen Bess"patfor wholesome recreational activities, tern Jelly Spoon in Tudor Plate, yours for only 250

(Concluded on following page) and a Sperry Wheat Hearts boxtop. Made by Oneida

Community Silversmiths. An exclusive design and a

Jelly remarkable as offer! Order Spoons you as many fesQa gifts, Jelly like, for yourself but for and for each

Spoon enclose a Wheat Hearts boxtop and 250. Mail

to Wheat Hearts Jelly Spoon, Dept. I, Oakland,

California. Offer expires May 30, 1953.

So good... and so good for you.

WHEAT HEARTS Another fine product of Sperry..

for 101 years a leader in the West

'WHEAT HEARTS,"ARE RE3ISTERED TRADEMARKS OF SENERAL MILLS, INO

MARCH 1953 197 RECREATION FOR YOUTH

(Concluded from preceding page) stay together. The young boy and

the home and the Church. Where girl who can bring their friends home

can you find better, more desirable for parties, Pingpong games, and settings for having fun? Yet, many other wholesome activities have a

young people "miss the boat"and sound foundation for establishing exrun into unexpected difficulties by cellent homes of their own. Home envisiting questionable places of entertertainment is usually the least expentainment. sive and the most enjoyable. The

The home in particular should be closer a teenager keeps to his home a center for recreation among family and Church for recreation, the more members and for their friends. The likely he is to have real, worthwhile

Sewing Classes family that plays together tends to fun.

BEGIN 3rd March 10:00 a.m. until noon A NurseryRhyme Shower

March 9th 1:00 p.m. until 3:00 p.m. For Rabyto-be

12th March by Ruth Jeffrey 3:00 p.m. until 5:00 p.m.

March 27th 6:30 p.m. until 8:30 p.m. AVOID THE CONVENTIONAL "stork You'll find the guests will bring

Eight 2-hour lessons with expert shower"and plan one for the suitable gifts wrapped in amusing instruction from Miss Marion 00 babyto-be and the mother with nurseryrhyme and toydesigned pa- a nurseryrhyme motif with gifts pers. There'll be tiny night lamps

PHONE 5-6651 suitable for each. Send invitations for the nursery, with BoPeep asleep

Ext. 248 written on the small nurseryrhyme at the base... linen nurseryrhyme

Sears, 754 So. State stationery.... They might say: books, baby record books with nursSalt Lake City eryrhyme motif, and attractive pic-

I'm going to have a little "shower"tures, perhaps the type that stays Willie% Planned around Old Mother Goose, lighted for a time after the light is

And since it is for Mary out. Perhaps kimonos, bibs, and

Don't offer one excuse! sacques embroidered in children's designs; a tiny pillow, small rugs, inCome over with your thimble fants'bath accessories, and many

Next Saturday at two, other oddments that fit into this plan.

You'd better bring your "specs"along, Before the shower, purchase two

As there'll be work to do. yards of very fine cheesecloth to make

nine double thickness washcloths, 25 Palm Road Beth Ann each eleven inches square. They are

(Continued on page 200)

BY THE MAKERS OF

MARCAL PAPER NAPKINS 198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA AfWMx-? AdcJ&twji(fllpWbpM

Cr'C

Ch AngelFace and Mommy are so right!

Because you are fastidious about your skin, your hair, your perfume... you naturally appreciate

TwinPly Chiffon Toilet Tissue... especially made for

special people. TwinPly Chiffon is multirinsed in pure

Cascade snowwater for added softness, greater purity, extra absorbency. Why not join the thousands of Westerners

who now use snowywhite, special quality Chiffon.

Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1955.

Ve k) Avei Q#> \uj\c& els Nice -gW *"fW nft.................. \

MARCH 1953 199. )

BEST WAY TO KEEP A NURSERYRHYME SHOWER

FOOD LEFTOVERS FROM DRYING OUT

(Continued from page 198) 5. Who practised calisthenics at

soft, economical, and durable—can be home to keep fit? (Jackbe-Nimble.)

used for two or three babies in the 6. Which character and her pet

family. Draw threads to insure achad to go hungry? (Mother Hubbard.)

curacy in dividing material and cut 7. What foods, popular with nursready for the guests to sew two eryrhyme characters, are fine on

squares together, turn inside out, and meatless days? (Peas, porridge, and

featherstitch or buttonhole around curds and whey.)

the edges. 8. Who showed the importance of

For a large group, have some of everyone's taking a firstaid course?

the guests make baby towels from old (Jack, when he used "vinegar and

WRAP WITH These,tableclothstoo, cutare intoveryguesttowelsoft and, withsize. brownFor refreshments,paper"on hisservehead.)fruit punch,

narrow hems down the sides and inch animal crackers, and homemade hems at the ends, are ready for twocookies cut in the shape of nurseryinch nurseryrhyme designs to be rhyme characters, or pass openfaced embroidered in the center of one end. sandwiches cut in those shapes and

The sewing will occupy most of the pass salted nuts in juvenile teaparty afternoon, but here is a game built dishes with nurseryrhyme decoraWestern Lockerfoil is primarily made the BEST PROTECTIONto givein around nurseryrhyme characters tions on them.

deep freezing your meat, which will amuse and perhaps puzzle fowl, fish, game and but the players. The prizes could be for wrapping it's perfect

leftovers you keep in your amusing Mother Goose characters too. refrigerator,

purchased from the dime store. QuesGives many times the protions should be written on nurserytection of ordinary wax rhyme paper, or large sheets with HANDY HINTS Cuts food paper wraps.

bills. Easy to use. Mother Goose stickers at the top.

will for be used Hints 1 Payment Handy of character Mother Goose What gases Keeps dollar event publication. the one In upon labor to trouble refrigerated and odors had under due tainting from paythat submitted, idea are the with two same foods. friend, ment? (Margery Daw's will earlier receive Johnthe the postmarked one

ny, who "got but a penny a day.") dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

... reused Can be

is erfoil wrap, a tough Lock- 2. What animal, able to supply imbut each will receive careful consideration.

resistant to scuffing and portant raw material, was indifferent tearing.

-k to the 18"ft., 60 of a serviceman? needs wide (The

locker At Your foil with Wrapsq. black sheep his whose wool was for Plant or Grocers side next to food.

master. Wax your clothesline with a liquid FREE clotheswill a keep This metal 3. a trip took to another town wax. Who for beautiful Send line clothes. It rusting keeps from a booklet 32page on to goods? baked buy some (Tommy,

to freeze, thaw how clothesline dirty rope from becoming prepare frozen and his to rode cockhorse who Banbury it meats, wonderful 27 dry. also will P., L. A. keep and

recipes. Address reCross, to buy a "pennywhite loaf, a Preston, Ida. quest, giving make

of your freezer cabinet, f'o WESTERN pennywhite cake and a twopenny

WAXED PAPER DIV., N. Portland, Ore. apple pie.")

washing windows, woodwork, When

HCOestaMtt 4. What animal character spent etc., where it is necessary to reach up, WESTERN WAXED PAPER DIVISION some time in a foreign city—especialtie an old towel or cloth around your

Zellerbach Corp. Crown ly on weekends? (PussyCat, who wrist to avoid having water run down Portland Los Angeles San Leandro

went to London to visit the queen.") your arm.—Mrs. L. A. S., Cicero, III.

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Salad Dressing Variations

Iffl By Katherine Dissinger Does—refuseyour familyto eat getthem?tired Thenof saladstry

varying the salads you serve with.'<-.!'"w Si a variety of dressings. These ecoFo* *AST# nomical and homemade dressings are nuCNO

no trouble at all, as many kinds of salad dressings can be made from one or two basic recipes. Try making

the basic dressing in large quantities at one time, add the variations and put each in a labeled jar in the refrigerator, and thus always have on hand a variety of dressings to give a lift to jaded salad appetites. '"'',?

Basic French Dressing \>. i.

cider vinegar or lemon juice cup Y2 DEPOSIT FEDERALFEDERAL;: MEMBER 'j oil 1 salad cup Pi|#k> ICE CORPORATIONCORPORATION INSURANCE - 'S"H

oil olive cup!/3 -EtL

;%i.r; y2 teaspoon paprika 2 teaspoons sugar salt 1 teaspoon

all ingredients in a large ZION'S SAVINGS BANK Combine jar or French dressing flask. Shake well to blend. When stored in refrigerator, ami 7sw4t GmifiaMy

the oil and vinegar will separate, but MAIN AT SOUTH TEMPLE Utah's first Chartered Bank a few vigorous shakes will restore both flavor and appearance.

Celery SeedGarlic Dressing WHEAT FOR MAN

Variations: said the prophets... Wheat

for man say doctors and nutriTo y2 cup of the above add: tion experts. Why? Because

2 teaspoons brown sugar whole wheat contains impor- *4 teaspoon celery seed tant thiamine, which converts 2 tablespoons catsup sugar and starch into energy... so essenSalad Dressing Variations: tial for growing

chil d re n Before serving on salad greens, rub working a< 4 crisp crackers with garlic and crumble That's into dressing. ALL-O-WHI

(Continued on following page) is the pet feet cereal.

"It's delightfully different/'says Mrs.

Ruth Dunlop, star of "Cook's Corner"on KPHOTV, Phoenix, Ariz.

ALL - O - WHEAT "I find Faultless Starch is delightcontains all parts fully different in so many ways.

of the wheat ker- I love the delicate fresh laundry innal as nature ail gives Starch Faultless fragrance tended no... is so Starch Faultless clothes. And reenriching or

storing necessary. delightfully easy to make on busy

Serve all the wash days. Either hot or cold in

family... barely a minute from this one perfect starch! But best of all! Faultless Starch makes ironing a delightful experience. The ironing aids in

ALL-O-WHEAT makeFaultlessironingStarcha joy—nothelp so amuchjob. toI

OGDEN, UTAH certainly recommend this delightfully different Faultless Starch."'

MARCH 1953 201 SAEAD DRESSING VARIATIONS

(Continued from preceding page) Mayonnaise Dressing BOOKS

Chili Dressing cornstarch a tablespoons to Mix \y2 for the paste water. cold with 1 tablespoon of the basic French dressTo y2 cup boil boiling water with and Combine ing add:

five stirring constantly. minutes, Let 1 teaspoon sugar brown

following the cool while is being made: chili tablespoons sauce L.D.S. Ward 2

% teaspoon salt Gold and Green Dressing l/2 teaspoon mustard ORGANIST 2 teaspoon brown sugar

To Y2 cup of basic French dressing 2 egg yolks all of the following: any or add Minced 4 tablespoons cider vinegar or lemon

. Al the Console $1.50 parsley, pickle, pepper, chopped juice green

. Chancel Echoes. 1.50 olive, and finely diced celery. F/4 cups salad oil (chilled)

. Chapel Organist 1.50 y4 cup olive oil (chilled)

. Devotional Organ Album—Asper 2.50 Roquefort (or Blue) Cheese Dressing Mix dry ingredients in bowl, add egg

. Music for the Consonata Organ 4 tablespoons Add crumbled Roquebeat. yolks vineteaspoon and Add 1

. Music for the Consonata Organ—the salad greens just before tossing with beating after each addition until vinegar

. Organ Melodies—London 1.50 gradually and beat until thick. Add

Organ Musings 1.50 Fruit French Dressing cool cornstarch mixture and beat well.

Organ Voluntraies—Vol. 1—

Schreiner 3.50 Y2 cup salad oil Combination Dressing

juice apricot or apricot nectar cup Y4. Voluntaries—Vol. Organ 2—parts of equal the Combine mayon- 2 juice tablespoons orange Schreiner 3.50 chili dressing naise dressand French juice tablespoons 2 lemon

. Sacred 1.50 Hour at the Organ—Arno ing serve vegetable green and on grated 1 teaspoon each orange and

WE PAY POSTAGE lemon rind. salads.

Music Sent On Approval Combine all ingredients in a jar and Thousand Island Dressing

Use this advertisement on your order blank shake well. This dressing is especially To y2 cup of basic mayonnaise, add:

good on apple salad with nuts and 1 tablespoon chili sauce

MUSIC DAYNES 4547 COMPANY bananas. 1 tablespoon chopped olives South Main

Salt 1, Lake City Utah 1 Variation: maraschino red tablespoon Two teaspoons chopped pimento

Please postpaid send the music indicated cherry 1 a different juice adds color and tablespoon green chopped above. pepper

On ApprovalMoney EnclosedCharge flavor. 1 tablespoon minced onion

Nome Address City & State

FIRST Of ALL - RELIABILITY lines| fijfjf tD4547 aSOUTH MAIN STREET SALT LAKE'htuaicCITY 1, UTAH u*

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah

HOTEL LANKERSHIM

7th & BROADWAY

IN THE VERY HEART OF

LOS ANGELES 202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Put on the Reader's Spectacles!

(Concluded from page 166) of ink and paper. What counts,

however, is not so much what you write as what the reader accepts.

Someone has said that words have a way of carrying you astray unless you know where you are going.

If we are naturally poor letter "writers, wouldn't it be a splendid plan to start studying the art of letter writing?

Let us make our letters sound as if they contained a bit of ourselves, our very best selves. To do this, it

is important to put on the reader's Busy community worker and prizewinning cook spectacles and to get over on his side of the fence. Busy Homemaker Wins Top CookingA ward

i Mrs. Ida Spafard of Salt Lake City Make Lenten meals more satisshows her husband the latest prize fying with delicious, yeastraised

ribbon she has won in cooking comgoodies. Now when you bake at

petition. It's a top award she took home, it's convenient to use yeast..

BOOK REVIEWS just last fall for her entries at the Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast

Utah State Fair. keeps for months on your pantry

SPIRITUAL VALUES OF Like so many top cooks, Mrs. shelf. No wonder prizewinning cooks

THE OLD TESTAMENT Spafard gives a lot of credit to prefer it—out of 5000 cooks sur-

(Roy A. Welker. L.D.S. Department of Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast. veyed, 97% use Fleischmann's Active

Education, Salt Lake City. 1952. 315 "It always rises fast,"she says. Dry Yeast. So look for the Fleischpages. $3.00.) "Gives me good results every time."mann label to get the very best.jj

Tn this work, a lifelong student of scripture has, from his own earneststudy and from other sources, presented gritos RECIPE OF THE MONTH an interpretation of the Old Testament

its positive points phaseswhich and up FRITOS TUNATO its great message, and moving and 1 Vi oz. celery can Tuna cup 7

its less of applicableminimizes some 1 tbsp. 2 crushed onion cup

parts. The study is not carried through FRITOS Va tsp. salt

chronologically but is presented in six 1/2 cup mushrooms 2 eggs parts that deal with Old Testament laws Vl cup green Vi cup milk and lessons and literature, its prophets pepper and people, its truth and timelessness.

Students of the subject, in and out of Flake Tuna, add mushrooms, celery, pepthe seminary system, will find this book pers, onions and mix. Add egg slightly

to be rewarding reading. R. L. E. beaten, milk and FRITOS. Bake for 30

minutes in an oiled baking dish. (350 deESSAYS ON LIBERTY grees) Serves 8.

(The Foundation for Economic EducaFRITOS is the registered trademark of The Frito Co.

tion, Irvingtonon-Hudson, New York.

1952. 37 essays. 310 pages. $1.50 paper A MEALTIME TREAT THAT'S HARD TO BEAT!

binding, $2.50 cloth binding.)

"pssAYs on Liberty is a collection of vital and significant writings on the social and political and economic principles that have made America—and on OtccMtott

some of the influences and false philosophies that have endeavored to wean us SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

away. Maxwell Anderson heads the 248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

roster of writers, which includes many other notable names. It is a useful HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

book for any student or speaker or reader A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA I who has need for convincing evidence YE KINGS REST MOTEL in this area. R. L. E. 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET

Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

buy EARLY CALIFORNIA Edgar H. Foutz, Manager

green ripe olives Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout

MARCH 1953 203 Western Mekhizedek Priesthood coun- S+v(e C. (ConcludedBishop Julianfromcallspagea general

cil, the first of its kind called by a bishop. (1) Athanasius, among others, attends.

(2) Julian backs Athanasius and orders the Eastern bishops to restore Athanaius as Bishop of

is Julius supported by letters the GUARANT0 (3) Alexander.from Constantine Emperor

II.

D. The bishops of the East would not

WITH THE PLUMPEST, recognizeof Constantineeither II;Julianassembledor theat edictAnTENDEREST RED excommunication.tioch and threatened Julian with

IDAHO BEANS- 2. The story of outlined events can now

CHOICEST LEAN thebe broughtfollowing:out(If byquorumquestionsmemberssuch areas

GROUND BEEFnotnecessarystudyingfor thetheirgrouptext, instructorit may beto history represented relate the by the to brief extracts PERFECTLY SPICED SAUCE! CHILI outline. only Read con <*m< verifya. Whatthehappenedgeneral statements.)to the empire upon

the death of Constantine?

b. How did the political division of ALUYSk\ the empire affect the church?

s c. Howtempt didto getthechurchthree harmony?emperors at-

d. What happened when the exiled

bishops returned to claim their old positions? e. How did the Arians try to win over

the Bishop of Rome? What happened?

f. How did Julian, Bishop of Rome, attempt to gain control of the whole

church?

A Harper Bible c/l CENTU g. Whatern bishops?was the response of the Eastis a hallowed possession 3. Aby generalusing suchdiscussionproblemscan asbethecontinuedfollowCLEARBLACK ing:a. What weaknesses had developed in

Concordance Bible theApostles?church because of the lack of

KING JAMES VERSION b. byWhatcivilevilsauthorities?are inherent in dictation

Size 4 5/8 x 7"Clearblack—the type TheReserveSummarization:one to two minutes for a brief

recommended by eye summarization of the facts discussed. The

printed specialists—synopsis at the beginning of the lesson may

b "Microon s u p e r serve as a guide. pake"—the thinnest,

most opaque India Assignments:

paper available. Arousing interest in the next lesson:

Bound in black hand- 1. By use of a problem

grained Morocco, With the bishops of the East and West halfcircuit, leatherhopelessly divided in their doctrine of lined to edge, gold Deity how was the issue settled? Read

edges, Maps, Selfyour text, Lesson XIV, to see the effect pronouncing. GIFTof political pressure.

PAK. ESTEY ORGAN CORP., BRATTLEBORO,VT.

'i J toweighlookI, likenoiseglass.free.LightEco- The Church Moves On Other colors in this series:

nomical. Standard height. (Continued from page 136)

dealer. your from Order liningNo. 16.50 matching 2418x—Maroon,

1 that the Announcement n was made lining 241No. matching OFFER SPECIAL - 9x—Blue,

-*- * 16.50 $1.25SB 167Dor Lt* t liningNo. and the Red, matching 16.50 Boy 2420x—Cub Scout program trial $1.00 [Mail for lot of

postpaid. sent dozen one for elevenyear-olds Scout program had AT YOUR BOOKSELLER

14. Mass. St., Boston Sudbury to the BRASS GOODS'CB. 55 been assigned Primary AssociaALWAYS POPS tion. the of L. Stapley 1 Delbert Elder Q

-*- SETTER.'of dedicated the Council Twelve "CQ.IS-P -TNt?Ef?-TASTY/ Falls of the Idaho Ninth the chapel

Ward, Idaho Falls (Idaho) Stake.

Elder LeGrand Richards of the Council of the Twelve dedicated the chapel 204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the Leslie Ward, Lost River (Idaho)

Stake.

Elder John Longden, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, dedicated thechapel of the Pocatello Second and I

Fourteenth wards. The building also

serves as the stake house for Pocatello (Idaho) Stake. Elder Wilford }. Reichmann was susFANCY PRICES

tained as president of the St. George SELF POLISHiN

(Utah) Stake, with Elders Rudger C.Atkin and Elbert Himes as counselors. for FLOOR WAX/

They succeed President William H. tftlOWAX

Bennett and his counselors, Elders Rulon

H. Snow and James A. Andrus. ** UUBB1* C

O A President and Sister David O. "McKay attended the inauguration &.

of President Dwight D. Eisenhower in

Washington, D. C, as special guests of

Ezra Taft Benson of the Council of the

Twelve.

O -J Elder Ezra Taft Benson of the COMPARED TO WHAT YOU MIGHT PAY

Council of the Twelve took theoath of office as secretary of agriculture PINT You Save More ThanSWSftWWWrtWWMS25* in President Dwight D. Eisenhower's

KttOWWMmttKcabinet. QUARTMW

Vi GAL.24 InterestingPierce Ketchumconclusionof the ofmatheDr. GALLON tyt Sm tm Mm!

matics department of the University of

Illinois: there are thirtysix thousandvigintillion different combinations posABROW/OC NO RUBBING IVAXf

sible on the organ of the Salt Lake

Tabernacle. That figure is thirtysix

followed by sixtysix ciphers.

A Systematic Program for Teaching the Gospel, a guide for missionaries, has now been distributed to them.

The Man Who Worked

With Cement

(Continued from page 153)brother does it,"said the second boy, Wj*3$sg8sJ8#S?sra'Hie Only One

with a child's defiance.

The man shook his head. "No There is only one evaporated milk especially made

good at all. That's just being a for babies—Special Morning Milk. And only Special

copycat."Morning Milk contains extra vitamins A and D in the

"I like to look at my name when amount doctors believe best to promote sound bonesit's hard and remember when I did it,"said the third, a bit selfcon- and teeth and to build body resistance.

sciously."Well,—-it's a reason,—but not For your baby's <&?i(l7&

quite up to the mark."The man

went to work cleaning up the next smile of healthio.(.i--

hole. He picked out broken pieces

and leaves, in readiness for packing in the wet cement. The boys edged r EVAPORATEDclose. MORNING MILK

(Concluded on following page) MARCH 1953 205 The Man Who Worked Man Taking Steps With Cement (Concluded from preceding page)..., "said the Toward Deciding to "Please, Mister

fourth and smallest boy. His shirt

was patched and faded. "I live here.

Order an Extension I'd like my 'nitials on the sidewalk so the mailman knows where I am... and Santa. He couldn't find me

Telephone last Christmas, and... there's been

no letter from daddy for a long, long time."It's rolling no fun out of trotting downstairs bed and "That so?"asked the man, packing to answer in your telephone It's the small hours. wee

much handier to have an extension telephone beside down the cement hard with his your bed. trowel. "Then you have two good

reasons. But, can you write?"The In the basement, in the kitchen too—an extension

will save you steps and inconvenience. And the cost is boy shook his head. The momentary

only a few cents a day. Call your telephone business joy was already leaving his eyes.

office now. "Never mind,"the man said, "I'll

P.S. spite In of certain shortages, extension telephones can be help you. We'll do it together."He provided since they require do not additional or outside wire brought out a pocketknife and walked central office equipment.

back uphill with the boy to the finTHE MOUNTAIN STATES TELEPHONE & TELEGRAPH COMPANY ished patch of cement. "What's your

name?"Brown.""Benny—Benny for Etosfrc porramHTQ

"B. B. it is. Take hold now."The

large hand covered the small one to BIBLE PIKES PEAR

FLOUR guidethe twothe knife.B.'s in Neatly,one corner.they shapedThe

vnfIMHItMiD 5!M, With FOUR three boys watched. The man worked

Extra Baking slowly on the smooth surface so they all busicould important a see how

it really to -T—Advantages ness was. do "Won't

SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS hurry and make a mess of it,"he said.

32 Styles'425 West 5th South "These letters '11 be here for many to feel proud to choose from Salt Lake City, Utah everylong years.time weWelookwantat them."When

it was done, he wiped off his knife, is love for a hoping this Bible Someone you it it incarefully, folded dropped and Easter. for National famous Ask

line... plete color. Tie includes covers in sureBibles—comsee to

at to coveralls. his the smiled No. gift 123 He for Ideal people. Colorful young—Seating American Company illustrations, helps. Bible maps, Easyreading

little four thoughtful boys and moved leather, type. overlapping Black covers; for Furniture Church every need edges. gold downhill. on No. Pulpit in red. sets, of with Christ words lecand communion fonts and 123RL—Same;

No. (over Bible Reference 60,000 163—Teachers'terns for available delivery. early Also sat on. stayed boys They The references). leather, center Black overcolumn chancel furniture, carvings, Bodiform Pews, lapping silk covers, edges, gold marker. initials dry. to the chairs, folding watch auditorium chairs, tables down When No. with in red. Christ of words 163RL—Same;

furniture. Sundayschool and curb, sniffing along, the a came dog JSL 1 Write Department 69

SEATING AMERICAN they all got up and shooed him away. COMPANY

901 Broadway, N. W., Grand Rapids 2, Mich. "We won't let him spoil your work,

bibles national Mister,"they said to the man who

BELOVED KING JAMES VERSION NEW EARNINGS OPPORTUNITY worked with cement.

Ministers, Sunday School Teachers and Laymen are discovering a new and vital ministry as our

Representatives. Many have doubled their incomes. You too can find satisfaction and prosright perity in or enjoy community your own "He Who Plants A Tree"

travel. Others to $6,000 or making more up

yearly. Let us know your qualifications. Write

for "Opportunity Plus"and full information. (Continued from page 163)

John Rudin & Company, Inc. was also the organizer of improvement

1018 S. Wabash Dept. C42 Chicago 5, III. groups that worked hard to beautify

their communities with shade trees.

DRINK The honor of starting the celebration of Arbor Day in this country goes to Nebraska. Sterling Mor- J. ficqo A delightful of agriculture, ton, commissioner had P0NCHIT0 for those hot beverage says buy EARLY CALIFORNIA treeless barren, homesteaded don't in a drink coffee. who

sliced ripe olives AT YOUR GROCERS part of the state about 1854; he

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA realized the state was almost without timber. Morton knew the need of

trees for windbreaks and for conservation of the soil. Therefore, he placed

this resolution before the legislature:

That Wednesday, the tenth of April, 1872 be... especially set apart and consecrated to tree planting in the State of

Nebraska, and the State Board of Agriculture hereby name it Arbor Day.

After this resolution was passed, prizes were offered to the county agricultural societies and individuals who planted the most trees. The

Arbor Day idea spread through Nebraska with the result that more than a million trees were planted that

Sterling Morton'sfirst Later, year. J. Uey to better farming the ofset as April 22,birthday, was

ficial date for the annual observance. The Salt Lake Tribune points the way to better living and imBy 1895 this state had planted so proved farming, through its weekly Farm, Home and Garden

... The Tribune's daily market pages are brimmingmany trees that it was named the Magazine

... The Tribune covers the"Tree Planters'State."Within twenwith latest daily market quotations

services, great the and provides wire through world NEIGHALL first after Arbor that yearsty Day in... of the Intermountain of part any West BORLY COVERAGE acres thousand hundred one 1872,

is reasons Tribune The why of MORE forested. been landwaste had

The idea spread to other states; THE TIE THAT BINDS THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST

and now the day is observed in all, including the District of Columbia, with varying dates to suit different alt pint iibmtt climates; for example, Arbor Day One of America's Great Newspapers

comes in December in Georgia; in

January, in Louisiana, Texas, and

Florida, while most northern states Only celebrate it in April or early May. ANKER ZIGZAG

West Virginia has two Arbor Days, has the one in the spring, and the other in

fall.the STITCH 0-METER day has played an important The part in reforesting our denuded lands, I

for billions of trees have been set out on it by schools and other groups.

It serves also to call attention to the conservation of all natural resources, so strongly advocated by Theodore

Roosevelt.

Since then, in thousands of schoolseach year, several things are emphaSTRAIGHT STITCH ZIGZAGGING "5- sized in Arbor Day programs: the BUTTONHOLES MONOGRAMING ANKERsew scores of professional operations

beauty of trees, their shade, and use BUTTON SEWING HEMSTITCHING right in your own home

BUND STITCHING of EMBROIDERY for birds; the dangers as shelters WITHOUT ATTACHMENTS

APPLIQUE Now, ALL your sewing can have that professional look besides regions; in deforested floods

Flick easily, on the wonderful ANKER.

singmany important commercial uses of the—quicklymagic andSTITCH-O-METER and watch ANKER

lumber, such as the building of homes LIBERAL TRADEIN over the sheerest and the coarsest fabrics.

is in the very last advanceword home sewing

it is and the manufacture of paper. WHOLESALE Ankerment. versatile, as Dependable for Anker

While it is a good idea, of course, AND RETAIL been making fine sewing machines since 1876. has

to celebrate each Arbor Day by plant75 years of Sewing Machine Leadership'ing trees, the practice shouldn't be

GUARANTEED A LIFETIME.

limited to this time alone. For "he

who plants a tree"does plant a hope;

and this results in making the world

CO. in to place attractive which SEWING MACHINE DISTRIBUTING a more WILLIAMS

Salt Lake City, Utah South State Street 808 as as for well live generation for this

Phone 9-5512 future generations.

MARCH 1953 207 Your Page

Long Branch, N. J.

Inadvertently in listing the holders of scouting's Dear Editors:

Silver Antelope award on page 73 of the February issue we omitted the names of President Oscar enjoy The Improvement Era so much, and I don't want

A. Kirkham of the First Council of the Seventy I to miss a single issue. It has meant a great deal to me,

and Elder George Q. Morris, Assistant to the living in a part of the country where there are very few of

Council of the Twelve. our Church members. I have spent many pleasant hours reading and rereading the excellent articles found in every issue.

It is truly a blessing to those of us who are so far from the main body of the Church and who are very often too lax in our responsibilities as Church members.

The Light Touch Thank you so much for the wonderful messages I find in every issue.

Louise, a little girl who had begun life in a happygo-luckyYours truly, household, went to spend a few months with a very strict aunt. /s/ Mrs. Henry Buland

One evening, after a trying day when she had been scolded more than ever, she knelt for her evening prayer.

is the bedshe her heard as passed open This aunt what Brownwood, Texas door: room Dear Editors:

all the all the good, people "... and good bad people make

easier to live with."have wanted to write you for some time. I am a Lamanite

* sister now since joining the 17th of March. I'm very proud

to be is L.D.S. I think an the only Church.

like said candidate, the "Well,"you "how did my speech I have receiving been for Theit a over Improvement Era year agricultural the problem?"on

tell can't and it, now it you for I have enjoyed much how has "It replied the farmer, rain "but bad,"wasn't a day's... a lot to would meant me, say. than more I can a good."do heap more

Yours very sincerely, Two Czech friends had not met since before the new order. /s/ Mrs. Minnie Flowers

"What are you doing now?"asked Jan.

"I bricks,"said. "I sell to Sweden."make them Moe Ogden, Utah

"Fine. hardcurrency country. That's a That ought to be Dear Editors:

good.""Yes, but I don't get currency. I get steel for the bricks,"T t makes anyone feel better to know he is appreciated. The

answered Moe. * November issue of the Era is so good that I must tell you

"Everybody needs steel,"said Jan. "You must make lots how much we appreciate it. Every article is faith promoting

of money. Where do you sell the steel?"and carries hope, good will, and encouragement to its readers.

"I sell the steel to Russia."God bless you and your staff in your work.

"Fine. Russia can use it. Russia is a hardcurrency country.

They pay you cash?"Respectfully,

"No, they give me mud to make more bricks."/s/ Edward I. Rich, M.D.

EAGLE BADGES AWARDED TO THIRTEEN SCOUTS FROM TROOP 58

On December 7, 1952, a local Court of Honor was held in the Lewiston First Ward at which Eagle badges were awarded to thirteen Scouts from Troop 58 of the Benson District. We think this is somewhat of a record in that a father and his son,

a father and his two sons, and a young brother team (youngest being just fifty days past his twelfth birthday) are included in the group.

The group pictured below include, left to right, front row: Richard Simmonds, Meldon Talbot, Richard Kent, Rodger Pond,

Ronald Boman, Cleve Hyer, Gordon Jessop and his father, Sylmar G. Jessop, Garold Layne and his two sons, John and Darryl

Layne, Sherman Johnson, age 13, and his brother Richard Johnson, just fifty days past his twelfth birthday. Back row: Assistant Scoutmaster James Haslam, Field Executive Darald Watkins, Bishop L. D. Bodily, and Scoutmaster Elbern R. Kent.

This makes a total of twentysix Eagle Scouts in Troop 58 since September 1948.

(Submitted by Scoutmaster Elbern R. Kent.)

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA END IRONING DAY BACKACHES THISWOK With an IRON RITE AUTOMATIC IRONER

The ironer that irons anything you can wash!

With an Ironrite you can—

size article, large or iron any small, without folding

iron pleats, ruffles, tucks, and gathers more easily than by hand ironing

cut total ironing time by 2/3

cut work of ironing by 9/10

Model 85. (Also available: Model 80, Only Iron rile

open model; Model 88, cabinette model

in mahogany or walnut finish.) offers these

two great advantages:

two completely usable open ends on roll and ironing shoe!

Iron rile Doall ironing points that iron

AUTOMATIC IRONER anywhere a hand iron will!

LOW DOWN PAYMENT EASY CREDIT TERMS

All leading appliance stores sell IRONRITE!

See YOUR local IRONRITE IRONER dealer

// your local appliance dealer does not have Ironrite Ironers in stock, please advise the distributor.

DISTRIBUTED BY

DESERET APPLIANCE DISTRIBUTORS INC.

142 SOUTH 5TH WEST - SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones 3-4838 - 9-6587 (na tde (jooajhinas ofjtfe

G,'one are the days when farm families spent the Advance planningtannine ancand preparation also pay off winter huddled around the potbellied stove. The in personal peace of mind and family security when

modern farmer and his family "partners"use the you tailor a Beneficial Life Insurance program to winter months to plan ahead and prepare for the individual needs of your family. Consult

spring... putting equipment in order so that they your friendly Beneficial representative, or write

can make the most of the precious days to come. to the address below.

BENEFICIALft!LIFE

Over onequarter Billion Dollars of Insurance Company

Life Insurance in Force.

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City Utah