See"NauvooTemple Restorationpage 10(NauvoSTemple H&

!*i

/i &z. -'liat.

JRJL'V-S* '- v "OMINGTON RANCHES/COUNTRY CLUB

SUMMER

RECREATION E YEARAROUND TAH'S FIRS PLANNED RES COMMUNITY

*.!,- ""VS

"Where the summer sun spends the winter"Now available for purchase is a variety of was the boast made by early settlers of exclusive Bloomington home sites: on the

Utah's 82mile-long semitropical belt which, river, around the fabulous new 18hole golf because of its climate, they affectionately course (ready for play this spring), small called "Dixie."Brigham Young hurried to sites convenient for town houses, sprawling

join them, building his winter home in the estate sites spacious enough for swimming heart of this sundrenched land, in St. George. pools, corrals and stables.

Bloomington, just a few minutes south on Owned and developed by: Johnson Land Company

the new freeway, is Utah's first modern Exclusive sales agent:

resort community yeararound—BOYER where IVORY COMPANY AND ARIZONA trade in can snow weary northerners Temple, South 610 East Salt Lake City, Utah 84102

shovels for golf clubs throughout the 165 North 100 East, St. George, Utah 84770

bitterest winter months. Phone 801 3221211

The Voice of the Church October 1968

Cover Note Special Features The Nauvoo Temple—upper left, as it was 2 Editor's Page: Some Personal Notes, President David 0. McKay

in original glory—as painted by Steven T. 4 Liquor by the Drink, Gordon B. Hinckley

Baird; the Nauvoo Temple ruins, lower, a 8 And They Will Find Him There, M. Taylor Abegg

colored rendition of a drawing by Fredrick 10 Nauvoo Temple Restoration, Jay M. Todd

Piercy, midnineteenth century artist; and

upper right, the Nauvoo Temple block as 18 Drugs: Their Use and Abuse, Dr. Lowell L. Bennion

it is to be reconstructed. See page 10, 26 Lion House Social Center Reopens, Eleanor Knowles

"Nauvoo Temple Restoration"by Jay M. 60 The Long Hot Summer of 1912 (Part 3): Return of Mountain Men,

Todd. Karl E. Young

66 Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr., 18921968

68 The Challenge of the Single Years, Maurine D. Keeler

72 Longtime Era Employee Dies 73 A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price: Part 5, A Unique Document

(continued), Dr. Hugh Nibley

Regular Features

32 Lest We Forget: ZCMI, America's First Department Store, Albert L.

Zobell, Jr.

34 Era Asks About the Church Historian's Office 58 Today's Family: Your Very Own Vote, Florence B. Pinnock

82 Genealogy: English Probate Jurisdictions

84 The Presiding Bishopric's Page: The Presiding Bishop Speaks to

Youth About Honesty, Bishop John H. Vandenberg

86 The LDS Scene 88 Buffs and Rebuffs 90 The Church Moves On 93 These Times: The Racial Revolution in America, Dr. G. Homer Durham

96 End of an Era 77, 79 The Spoken Word, Richard L. Evans

Era of Youth 4156 Marion D. Hanks and Elaine Cannon, Editors

Poetry

71, 81 Poetry

DavidEleanorEra of O.YouthKnowles,McKayAssociateandWilliamRichardEditor:T. Sykes.L.RalphEvans.EditorialReynolds,Editors;Associates;ArtDoyleDirector;L. Green.FlorenceNormanManagingB. F.Pinnock,Price,Editor:StaffToday'sAlbertArtist.FamilyL. Zobell.Editor;Jr., MarionResearchD. Hanks,Editor; MabelEra of JonesYouth Gabbott,Editor; ElaineJay M.Cannon.Todd.

G.G.ManagerCarlosHomer Smith.andDurham,SubscriptionJr.. GeneralFranklinDirector;Manager;S. Harris.ThayerFlorenceJr.. HughEvans,S. Jacobsen,Nibley,S. GlennSidneyAssociateSmith.B. Sperry,AdvertisingGeneral AlbertManager:Representatives.L. Payne,Verl F.ContributingScott. BusinessEditors.Manager; A, Glen Snarr. Acting Business

Saints. of Church Latterday Association of Superintendent, Mutual and The Improvement by the Young reserved.Christ Men'sof Subscription of of a Christ Latterday Associations advance; MutualGeneral 1968,$3.00 The Improvement Jesus

subscriptions, multiple a price;price. for year. to single Churchyears. years. year,publishedcopy, $5-75: threeyear Allyearof $8.25; 2 the inexcept succeeding each 3 Saints.$2,50 rightsJesusadded 35C

special issues.

mailing for at for Office, Salt of class rate special the matter. in section Utah, at as provided postage Lake second Acceptance 1103,

July City,2. Post1917, 1918. October Enteredact

authorizedis for for contributions. paid are responsible acceptance Manuscripts and not but manuscripts on be ofImprovement The welcomes must

for sufficientEra delivery postage by unsolicitedand accompanied slip for a of issue include recent the address. ordering required please of change, address magazine. change from notice days'return.When Address

well old is included unless address the be the as as cannot aone ismade Thirtychanges new

OfficialSystem, organand otherof theagenciesPriesthoodof TheQuorums.Church ofMutualJesus ImprovementChrist of LatterAssociations.day Saints. TheHomeImprovementTeaching Committee.rJr.i. 79 SouthMusicState. Committee,Salt Lake City,ChurchGtah Scl841 It>l

October 1968 The Editor's Page

Ulllfc/ JloIoUIIcLL 1 \IUlfc/o

To Declare the Restoration of the Gospel The answer may be given specifically: "To declare

the restoration of the gospel of Jesus Christ."RestoraSome 85 years ago it was customary for missionaries tion of the gospel of Jesus Christ implies that there

to be publicly called from the rostrum of the Salt was an apostasy from the original teachings and

Lake Tabernacle at general conference. One day my organization as proclaimed and established by Christ

father was numbered among those called to go to the and the early apostles.

British Mission to preach the gospel. We testify that there was indeed such an apostasy.

When he came home from Salt Lake City just after We testify that the Church was restored anew through receiving the call, his oldest brother came in and said, the great Prophet of the latter days, Joseph Smith, "David, you cannot go on that mission. You cannot and that the Church continues today with all the

leave Jennette [my mother] under the present strength of that authority.

conditions."

There was a promise of an increase in the family,,>> which was why he said, "You must not go.""Man's Extremity Is God's Opportunity'

As he was going out the door to return to his own Many years ago Elder James McMurrin had to fill home, Father turned to Mother and said, "You heard an appointment in Falkirk, Scotland, on a Sunday what my brother advised. What shall we do?"evening. He was in Burntisland on Saturday night

She answered, "Are you in God's stead? You are and had enough money to pay his boat ride across

called to go on a mission. You go! The Lord will take the Leith Walk to Edinburgh. When that was spent,

care of me and our children."he was penniless. And the only way he could get

So Father left for his mission to Scotland on April from Edinburgh to Falkirk was by train.

19, 1881. Ten days later, a little girl was born into That Sunday he had an appointment with the

our home, the sixth child in the family. The baby branch in Edinburgh from ten to twelve. When the

was over two years old before Father ever saw her. members asked him to go to lunch, he said, "No,

It may well be asked: "Why does the Church send thank you, I have an appointment in Falkirk, and I

out missionaries?"must take the train at one o'clock."

Improvement Era

By President David O. McKay

One by one the Saints bade him goodbye, all but sider the fact that the gatekeeper was a Scotsman,

Brother Robertson, the branch president, who said, who would never do that. ) It didn't happen.

"If ye canna go hame with me, I'll gae ye Scotch What did happen? Brother Robertson had just

convoy,"and together they walked across Princess returned to the steps leading up to Princess Street

Street down to Waverly Station, crossing under the when the thought came to him, "I wonder if Brother glasscovered canopy to the gate from which the train McMurrin has enough money?"Quickly retracing his

was to leave. steps, he walked across the station, pulled from his

The only possible way that Brother McMurrin pocket a two and sixpence, and said, "Here, Brother could keep his appointment in Falkirk that night was McMurrin, perhaps you need this."

to get on that train. He had faith that the Lord "Thank you, Brother Robertson, I need that to get

would open the way. He did not ask anyone for a my ticket."

shilling, nor for a sixpence, nor for twopence, nor for Man's extremity is God's opportunity!

two and six. You young people in the Church will perhaps also

As the time approached, Brother Robertson said, come against a wall. Sometimes it may seem to be

"Well, Brother McMurrin, it is time for you to get your across your path: you cannot overcome it; you canticket, so I will say goodbye."not get through it; you cannot see over it. But you

"Goodbye, Brother Robertson,"and Brother Mecan walk to that wall, having faith that God will help

Murrin was left alone. you, and he will do so, if you will walk just as far as

"Father [I will give you Elder McMurrin's words as you can by yourself in the performance of your duty.

he gave them to me, for I was serving in the mission No matter what your duty is, or how difficult it field at that time too]—I have come just as far as I can may be, you must do it: walk the distance and then say

in fulfilling my duty. Open up the way that I may get in all sincerity and faidi, "Father, help me. Open up

on this train and go to Falkirk,"Brother McMurrin the way for me. Give me strength to do my duty."

prayed. Be assured that when you have done everything

Then he thought that perhaps the gatekeeper would possible toward completing a task, he will open the let him go through. (I suppose that he did not conway for you if your faith is strong enough. O

October 1968 Liquor by the Drink

By Elder Gordon B. Hinckley

Of the Council of the Twelve

On November 5, Utah voters ivill go to the polls to vote for or against an alcoholic beverages act that, if passed, would authorize sale of liquor by the drink in the state. Because this proposal has generated widespread interest, among present and former Utahns as well as members and friends of the

Church who have interest in the state, and because the Church has taken an active stand against the proposal, the Era is printing the following talk* by Elder Gordon B. Hinckley, outlining the Church's

position in regard to liquor by the drink.

In view of the contest now going on in Utah over stand the motives of their opponents who have no the issue of liquor by the drink, and the many quesfinancial consideration behind their efforts. Their

tions raised covering the position of the Church on opponents include many nonMormons and are led this matter, it has been felt advisable to offer an by a prominent citizen who is not a member of The explanation. I respond to the request to do so with Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. We

the hope that I represent the views of the General join with these honorable men and women in their

Authorities of the Church, among whom I find conservice, our only objective being the building of a sensus on this important question. better society in Utah.

First let me say that I know some of those who have As members of the Church, our immediate concern been most prominent in promoting this proposed excomes of our religious convictions. But behind those

tensive enlargement of liquor distribution. They are convictions lies a great wealth of experience and

able men who have accomplished much in the busiobservation in many parts of the world. Behind those

ness world. I think their motives in the present convictions also lies an appreciation for the distincsituation are understandable. They have presented tive atmosphere of Utah. We are not alone in exprestheir case effectively, and they have been listened sions concerning this. Many thousands of tourists

to. I respect their ability in presenting their views. have commented on this while visiting here.

I hope they feel the same toward those who are We have no desire to divide the community. We

opposed to them on this question. I hope they underhave lived together many years as friends and assoDelivered over KSL Radio Sunday, June 23, 1968. ciates. We have employed and been employed by

Improvement Era

'To have remained silent would have been inconsistent with our history

one another. We have patronized one another. We Governor Calvin L. Rampton of Utah has approhave worked together in political campaigns. We priately said, "... I think the Church regards this as

have operated business together. We have joined a moral issue and is within its right in trying to influhands in bringing to pass great civic improvements ence people toward its position. I see no difference

and great civic accomplishments. For instance, the in the Church's stand on liquor by the drink than in

Utah Symphony Orchestra recently toured the Pacific the stand of most churches in opposition to porCoast states. This is not a Church organization, but nography."

the Church has given generously of its substance to As to the method of trying to persuade people to assist the orchestra. It has made Church facilities its position, let it be said first that the Church is as

available for its concerts. On its recent tour members jealous as anyone in the nation over the preservation

of the Church joined with nonLDS people in proof the democratic processes of our government. The

moting the orchestra's concerts in cities of the Pacific provisions for initiative petition written into the

Coast. state's constitution were put there by men who were,

for the most part, members of the Church. We have

Obligation of Church likewise proclaimed the divine inspiration underlying the writing of the Constitution of the United States.

This is but indicative of many efforts in which we We have studiously avoided abrogating in any way have joined hands. But occasionally there are times the constitutional democratic process. The Church

when without bitterness or rancor we can expect has not dictated. The Church has strongly urged that

honestly and energetically to disagree. The present those exercising their prerogative as citizens be

instance is one of these. The Church has an obligathoroughly informed on the implications of any legistion from which it cannot shrink in matters affecting lation brought about by the direct method of initiathe morals of the people. The Church did not protive petition. That requires a reading of the complete

pose this enlargement of liquor distribution. It canand lengthy text. We commend both sides for pubnot stand idly by while proponents of the measure go lishing this text and urge all to read it and not be

forward with their campaign. The mission of the satisfied to read only a synopsis drawn by its proChurch is to preach peace and to cultivate unity, but ponents. We are confident that a careful reading of

never at the price of compromising moral questions. the text will make amply clear the reasons for the

To have remained silent would have been inconopponents'objections.

sistent with our history and with our doctrine. OpNow, what are the moral considerations in this

position to the use of alcohol, stemming from what measure? May I mention several by number and

we regard as revelation, is well known. We have treat each one briefly.

not sought to impose that doctrine on others. We Consideration of these becomes the basis for our

respect the rights of others, but we feel that those joining hands with other citizens in the staterights have limitations, just as we expect ourselves to Protestant, Catholic, and Jewish—who are opposed to

be subject to limitations. this measure.

Moral, Not Political, Issue Effect on Youth

Those familiar with this contest recognize that it 1. A greatly enlarged exposure of our youth to the

is not a political issue. It is a moral issue, with acknowledged evils of alcohol. We are not so blind

Democrats and Republicans on each side. as to not realize that some youth in the state evidently

October 1968 and with our doctrine,

are now able to get liquor. The buying of beer by drink sold without expecting increased promotion,

young people has become a serious problem for police subtle or otherwise, and consequent increased officers. But this affects relatively few. We are consumption.

confident that thousands of our young people who have never been exposed to public drinking would be Traffic, Crime Problems so exposed under this proposal. Why? you ask. Because if this were to become law, bars would be 3. We are confident that increased consumption

established in public eating places all up and down will bring with it an increase of the train of evils the state. These bars would be numbered in the associated with drinking. No one these days seriously

hundreds. While it would be illegal to sell to minors, argues the dangers of alcohol on the highways. Among

a driver's license showing the customer to be over the most alarming statistics in America are those 21 years of age would become prima facie evidence concerned with the deaths of more than 50,000 people of eligibility to purchase. Grocers and others now a year in automobile accidents. Safety critics are

having difficulties in determining ages in connection united in their judgment that at least 50 percent of with the sale of beer could give an idea of the comthese are the result of drinking.

plexity of the enforcement of this provision. We have Now we do not believe for a minute that everyno doubt that our young people would be much more one who drinks is going to become a menace on the

widely exposed to liquor drinking than they are at highway. But we are convinced that if you increase

the present time. the overall consumption of alcohol, there will be an

Furthermore, those who have traveled widely know increase in the number of those who cannot handle it, that when you sit down at a table in a restaurant in with consequent increases in traffic problems. The

any area where liquor is served by the drink, the first same holds with crime generally. With recognition

menu customarily handed you is the list of drinks, of the fact that 70 percent of serious crime in some and the first solicitation concerns these. Our young areas is associated with alcohol, can we afford to do

people have not been exposed to this as they have anything that might increase the crime rate?

eaten in restaurants in Utah. We are confident, and The same holds true with reference to other social

the statistics we have examined provide background problems—alcoholism, broken homes, employment

for this confidence, that enactment of this bill into difficulties, neglected families.

law would greatly add to the exposure of our youth. Those who propose this measure indicate that we

You ask, do you expect to shield them always? What already have large numbers of these problems. We

about when they go in the army or travel? We reply acknowledge this fact and deplore it earnestly, but

that this will be soon enough, that by then they will hasten to point out that the way to improve it is not have matured enough in character and developed by enlarging one of the conditions which caused it.

sufficient selfdiscipline to handle such situations. The Church is not without experience in dealing

with social problems. With a worldwide memberIncreased Consumption ship, it knows something of the tragedies that result

from broken homes, crime sprees, automobile fatali- 2. We have no doubt that the enactment of this ties, breadwinners who cannot qualify for employproposal would eventually lead to increased consumpment, and the host of other evils that afflict our society

tion. This may not be immediate, but we are conand that are aggravated by alcohol.

vinced that it would come. You cannot multiply 4. We are concerned with an associated matter,

the outlets and offer assurance of a profit on every also moral in its implications. That is, that enactImprovement Era

It is morally wrong to benefit the few at the expense of the many.

ment of this proposed bill would benefit most a relawhich they experienced in this area.

tively few who would be given licenses, and would We agree wholeheartedly on the desirability of add burdens of enforcement and care 'of social bringing increased industry and tourist travel to Utah.

problems on the many. Our police forces already are But we see no reason to tarnish the image of this great

overburdened, and we are convinced that these burstate in doing this. The preservation of a remarkable

dens would increase substantially with a marked heritage and the enlargement of that heritage for increase in the number of liquor outlets and an easthose who follow are with us moral considerations.

ing of liquor procurement. Our desire is to enlarge that spirit and not to detract

from it and thereby take from this area that unique

Little, If Any, Added Revenue flavor and atmosphere so often commented upon appreciably by thousands upon thousands of those who

Much has been spoken of the generating of added come to visit us from many parts of the world.

revenues to cover this enforcement. Those who have Nor is such comment limited to tourists. Thousands

examined the bill closely recognize that, in effect, the of residents, nonMormon in religious persuasion, net revenue gained would be extremely small, if any. appreciate the unique qualities of living and rearing

Experience of other states, among which we might families in Utah.

name California, indicates that for every dollar of liquorgenerated tax revenues, there are at least three Prophet's Statement to five dollars of liquorcaused public expense. It is

morally wrong to benefit the few at the expense of These are but a few of the many considerations, all the many. of them moral in their implications, underlying our

determined opposition to this measure. We stand

Image of State united behind the President of the Church, a man ripe in years, mature in judgment, inspired in fore- 5. Finally, we think the majority of the people who sight, who has said, "I urge members of the Church

live in Utah like what they have here. We are proud throughout the state, and all citizens interested in

of the great heritage that has come from dedicated safeguarding youth and avoiding the train of evils and industrious forebears who laid the foundations of associated with alcohol, to take a stand against the the good things we enjoy here. We recognize the need proposal for liquor by the drink."

for more industry and increased payrolls. We canWe hope that we can honestly differ with our

not agree that liquor by the drink is the panacea for friends who are promoting this enlargement of liquor our economic ills. We know that some industries availability. We hope we can do so without animosity

have come here because of the sobriety of our people. or bitterness. Our disagreements are honest. Our

We are likewise interested in tourism. We have had convictions are firm. Their roots are anchored in

vast experience with this. One million eight hundred our religion. But their branches stand in the sunlight

thousand people visited Temple Square last year. They of fact. We join others not of our faith in the belief

came from every state in the union. They came from that there is a better way to correct recognized probmany foreign lands. They did not come because of allems than through the allor-nothing method now

cohol or its absence. This was not a consideration in under consideration.

their visits. They came to see and enjoy things that We invite our fellow citizens of both sides to join

have been seen and enjoyed by millions before them with us in this effort to build our beloved Utah, and who have gone back with enthusiastic stories of that for this I pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.

October 1968 ment of reverence in our services is to improve the setting. This

involves maintaining order on the stand, encouraging mothers to use the cry room (without offense, if possible), using greeters who by their manner exemplify reverence, getting better speakers, selecting appropriate prelude and postlude music, and a wise selection of hymns. All

of these are worthy and worthwhile endeavors, and significant improvements can result if they are properly administered.

Ultimately, however, worship and reverence are personal attributes; in a very real sense they

are a measure of the state of mind of the individual. Does it

therefore, appropriate not, seem into And They Will Find Him There to those forces and inquire

By M. Taylor Abegg influences that adversely as well

as favorably affect one's state of mind while attending service?

M. Taylor Abegg, president of the Albuquerque

(New Mexico) Stake, is supervisor of explosives Apparently there are those who research at the Sandia Laboratory for the believe that the mere process of

Atomic Energy Commission, and is the father passing through the chapel enof eight children. trance is sufficient to settle, for

example, a distraught and fettered mind. Not so. While a

Much has been spoken and Perhaps the time has come to calming influence certainly written about reverence and how question the validity of such awaits within, resentment, anger, to improve it. Indeed, the quality complacency. and contention are not so easily

of any meeting is determined in or quickly dispelled. Silence may

large measure by the quality of The need for reverence in our be an outward manifestation of the reverence displayed. Nonservices has been so amply atreverence, and at times it may be

member visitors who attend tested over the years that no a necessary condition for it, but meetings of the Church someadditional justification need be in no sense can it be considered times seem shocked at what they attempted here. Suffice it to say sufficient if members of the

regard as irreverence. that worship and reverence are audience are sitting in silent

so interwoven, they are insepaturmoil.

We tend to rationalize this rable. One without the other is

irreverence as a natural outgrowth meaningless, as sight without What, then, are those condiof the gregarious Mormon spirit, light or music without sound. It tions that most directly affect

and our backslapping, somefollows logically that the abone's state of mind and therefore times noisy greetings as typical sence of reverence in our meethis ability to worship in a given interactions acceptable under ings seriously limits the basic obmeeting? It might be well to rethe circumstances. Even the jectives involved, and members call that it is possible to experiunusually high noise level in of the Church may be deprived ence a lovely, peaceful Sabbath

many of our meetings has in of strength and spiritual growth spirit, only to have this tranlarge measure been taken for otherwise available to them. quility totally disrupted at the

granted as the price we pay for last minute during the gettingbringing our children to church. The usual tack for the improveready period.

Improvement Era

How many times, for example, "If we would improve our reverence, we should have children heard a frightful shout from one of the parents that it's almost time for sacrafocus on the hour preceding the meeting...."

ment meeting, and they will all have to hurry to get there on time? This type of announcemaintained only by sheer force be? In this instance it was simply

ment all too frequently proand volume. With only moments a matter of adults and youngduces adverse results. For the to go, the father, standing at the sters alike being in tune with the

youngsters playing, this means door, trumpets his final warning, spirit of the meeting.

they must quickly abandon their "I'm leaving!"A final desperate

friends, their playthings, and surge carries the family through All of this suggests that if we their fun, and it's only natural for the door, shoes in hand, hair would improve the quality of them to regard this as an intruhalf-combed, and attire generally reverence in our meetings, we sion into their private domains. askew. They pile into the family should focus our efforts on the

For teenage girls, who normally conveyance, each mumbling his hour preceding the meeting in require hours to prepare themown brand of displeasure, resentorder to establish a proper frame selves, this is regarded as an ment, and discontent, and head of mind. Think, if you will, of a

overt threat against their social for the meeting, arriving physparent with a smile on his face acceptability; and for boys of ically out of breath and menand love in his voice quietly tellcomparable age, a negative retally out of sorts. One by one ing a youngster that the family is

sponse is the rule, not the excepthey file into the chapel to now getting ready for sacrament tion. worship our Lord and Savior, meeting, offering at the same

Jesus Christ. time a pat of assurance and a

Following this, confusion helping hand.

usually takes over in earnest, Is true worship possible under with interactions becoming insuch conditions? If not, neither is

creasingly abrasive and disruptrue reverence. A mind set awhirl Visualize, if you will, a mother

tive. Invariably little brother by contention, anger, and confugetting ready with a song in her

cannot find a shoe. An urgent sion is not likely to be receptive heart and on her lips, which

plea for someone to assist is or responsive to the Holy Spirit. carries a spirit of peace and love

greeted with dead silence until Adults may be able to sit quietly throughout the home. Visualize

a specific request is issued to a under such circumstances, giving teenagers ready in plenty of specific older brother or sister, at least an outward appearance time, vying for the chance to who then finds it quite proper to of reverence. Youngsters have assist with the baby, and helpinquire why all little brothers a more difficult time of it. Their ing younger brothers and sisters

have to be so stupid, or why all squirming, fidgeting, whining, in love and affection.

little sisters can never learn to and need for frequent trips to Consider, if you will, a father dress themselves. With time the rest room may be outward calling his family together in

drawing shorter, the situation besigns of inner turmoil, giving rise prayer, invoking the blessings of comes critical; and mother conto the oftheard remark that the Lord upon his family as they

fronts her young son with the youngsters just can't weather a prepare to leave for meeting.

familiar question, "Why do you long meeting. Consider, if you will, a young

always get dressed before you lad whose heart may be touched get washed?"and then sends This may or may not be true, for the first time with the knowlhim back to start ail over. depending on their state of edge that God is real.

mind, and the same argument This family will reach the applies equally to adults who by chapel in a relaxed and peaceful

With time running out, a state virtue of their maturity are able state, with their minds and of absolute emergency now to conceal irreverence better. hearts preconditioned in favor of

exists, with parents and children Recently a ward fast and testithings spiritual. They will file one

rushing from one room to anmony meeting, attended by both by one into the chapel to worother and youngsters nearly in adults and youngsters, lasted ship our Lord and Savior, Jesus tears from confusion and frustraover five hours, with scarcely a Christ—and they will find him

tion. Control at this point can be peep from anyone. How can this there. O

October 1968 Drawing of horizontal "angel"weather vane that was placed atop the Nauvoo Temple uvooTemple Restoration By Jay M. Todd

Editorial Associate A partial restoration of the Nauvoo Temple, to be were converts from Europe who had begun streaming built on the original Illinois temple site, is projected into Nauvoo by the early 1840's. The artifacts will be

by the Nauvoo Restoration, Incorporated ( NRI ). The displayed in a museum and visitors'center to be

original temple, built about 122 years ago, was located on the temple block. The information center

located at Nauvoo, Illinois, where the Church was will feature numerous displays, artwork, and rooms headquartered from 18391846 on a large bend of the for the presentation of films designed to tell the

Mississippi River. NRI is a nonprofit corporation temple story.

sponsored by the Church for the development of part Near the information center and inside the walled of the old city of Nauvoo. Dr. J. LeRoy Kimball temple grounds will be appropriate statuary of the

serves as president and chairman of the board by two martyrs, the Prophet Joseph Smith and his brother appointment of the First Presidency. Hyrum, and of Brigham Young, president of the

The temple was famed during the 1840's as "unCouncil of the Twelve and successor to the Prophet questionably one of the finest buildings in this Joseph Smith as head of the Church. Other statuary

country."It was the second temple built by the will represent scenes of the Nauvoo period. The

Church, preceded only by the Kirtland Temple, built temple block itself will be beautifully landscaped.

during the Ohio period (18311837) of Church hisThe main exhibit, however, will be the restored tory. The Illinois temple was the first temple used portion of the Nauvoo Temple. The temple's footfor sacred ordinance work, including baptism for the ings and floor will be built over the exact spot where

dead, endowments, sealings, and marriages. Its deonce stood the original temple, and will follow the

sign, its purpose, and the work performed therein bore exact measurements of the original building. Indeed,

the distinct stamp of revelation given to the Prophet some of the original stonework, including some of the

Joseph Smith before his martyrdom in 1844. The original footings, will be used in the reconstruction.

temple itself was destroyed by fire in 1848, two years The brick basement floor will also contain some of and a half after the Saints had begun their trek across the original basement bricks. Portions of the legs of

the plains. the original 12 oxen that surrounded the font will

The purpose of the restoration is to create a center be used in the font restoration. Nearby will be the

where the story of the Church can be told to the temple well, which provided water for the font.

millions of tourists and nearby residents who travel The front facade of the temple is to be rebuilt to through the Midwest. Over 100,000 Latterday Saints the original height of the upper pediment, so that

reside in the Mississippi Valley region. It is estitourists may ascend the stairway and obtain a glimpse

mated that by 1974 nearly half a million visitors yearly of the view that so enchanted earlyday Nauvoo will visit the Nauvoo center, visitors.

Construction on the partial restoration of the NauThe view, noted as "magnificent"and "beyond voo Temple is expected to begin in 1970. A twoyear description,"was described by one visitor, J. H. Buckconstruction period is anticipated. Preceding the ingham: "The whole valley of the Mississippi for

restoration there will be an exhaustive program miles and miles lay exposed to view on the north of archaeological and historical research, which will and south, where the prairie lands of Illinois, and near completion the latter part of 1969. The Iowa, and Missouri, were to be seen to the east

archaeological work has already unearthed numerous and west, overlooking the few hills lying near to the artifacts, including portions of the wall that surshore in the latter state, and showing the tortuous rounded the original temple plot, part of the bricked course of the Des Moines River for some distance."

basement floor, segments of the stone oxen statuary The temple was more than an edifice built for a that sustained the baptismal font, workmen's tools, view, however. To the Latterday Saints of the

and many other related items. period, it represented both a memorial to the man

These artifacts (glass, nails, cornices, stonework, who communed with heaven and a building whose bolts, iron hinges, chisels and tools, among other design had been presented to the Prophet in vision.

things) demonstrate the remarkable workmanship In response to the chief draftman's objection to the of early Latterdav Saint workmen, many of whom oval windows in the plans, the Prophet had replied:

October 1968 11 "I wish you to carry out my designs. I have seen in it behooves the Saints to weigh the importance of

vision the splendid appearance of that building these things."

illuminated, and will have it built according to the Indeed, from that time onward, nothing took such pattern shown me."prominent position in the minds and exertions of those

Although he was martyred before its completion in and around Nauvoo as the building of the temple.

and dedication in 1846, Joseph Smith directed the To many visitors—and Saints—it seemed that the

Nauvoo Temple's entire form and purpose. As early Prophet had only one overriding drive: the Nauvoo

as August 31, 1840, the First Presidency had sent an Temple. On January 19, 1841, the Lord promised the

address to the "Saints scattered abroad"noting that Prophet through revelation that "I will show unto my "the time has now come, when it is necessary to servant Joseph all things pertaining to this house, and erect a house of prayer, a house of order, a house for the priesthood thereof, and the place whereon it worship of our God, where the ordinances can be shall be built.

attended to agreeably to His Divine Will, in this region "And ye shall build it on the place where you have of the country—to accomplish which, considerable contemplated building it, for that is the spot which

exertion must be made, and means will be required—I have chosen for you to build it."(D&C 124:4243.)

and as the work must be hastened in righteousness, The spot was the top of a prominent knoll in Nati12 Improvement Era when several persons were baptized in the Mississippi

River in behalf of their dead ancestors.

The temple endowment also was first performed outside a temple, primarily as a result of the Prophet sensing his impending future: "There is something

going to happen; I don't know what it is, but the

Lord bids me to hasten and give you your endowment before the temple is finished."This was recorded by

Elder Orson Hyde of the Council of the Twelve. The

endowment took place in the Prophet's office on the upper floor in his new store near the Mississippi

River, on May 4, 1842. The socalled "prayer meetings"continued to be held in the assembly room over

the Prophet's store throughout 184244. The first

known sealing of marriages was performed April 5, 1841, a year previous.

But the proper location for such ordinances was in the house of prayer, and nearly all of the Prophet's efforts were turned to the realization of that goal. By May 21, 1843, Sabbath services were held

on planks within the temple, and that autumn the

October general conference convened within the rising tiers of stonework. In the spring of 1844 a

"penny fund"was sponsored by the women of the

Church to purchase glass and nails. The British

Saints saved extra coins and in time sent a donation to be used in the casting of a large bell for the tower.

All Saints were encouraged time and again to increase their contributions, and those living near Nauvoo were to donate every tenth day to temple labor. "Ward captains"kept an account of every

man's contributions. Some men were called on

voo overlooking the majestic sweep of the Mississippi "temple missions"to labor full time. Their board was

River less than a mile away. Two and a half months provided by local members, and their clothes were

later, at the April 1841 general conference, the cornerwashed and mended by sisters participating in the stones of the temple were laid. Then the work began. project. The Prophet spent many days overseeing the

Large companies of Saints were sent into Wisconsin's work, joining stonemasons at the quarry, and lending forest for lumber, and qnarriers took their tools to an eager hand. His hands, however, were often full

quarries in Nauvoo. with matters surrounding the temple's design and

By November 8, 1841, a temporary wooden font finances. He often had to clear up bickering, mishad been dedicated in the basement of the temple. understandings, and erroneous notions, redirect

Constructed of pine, it was ovalshaped and rested on efforts, and buoy up enthusiasm. His influence is

the backs of 12 oxen, which had been carved from particularly noticeable in several of the remaining pine planks and glued together. About 30 feet east draftsman's drawings pertaining to the temple.

of the font was the well that supplied the baptismal One drawing appeared on the Gustavus Hill's "Map water. On November 21, 1841, the first baptisms for of the City of Nauvoo"in mid1842. It shows a square

the dead were performed in the temple. The ordistone tower, a triangular front pediment, and moonnance had been instituted as early as September 1840, stones across the bottom, among other things. The

October 1968 13 DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City. Utah 84110 or 777 South Main Street, Orange, California 92668

4 Please send me items circled: 12 3

Total cost $ This must include 3 x/2% sales tax for Utah residents ordering from Salt Lake or 5% sales tax for California residents ordering from Orange.

Paid by check Money order Or, please charge my account

Name Address City State. Zip.

14 Improvement Era "HE TEMPLE. HAUVQ0; "H A '

First known drawing of the Nauvoo Temple Second temple drawing shows changes made.

drawing is by William Weeks, draftsman for the to stop construction on all other public buildings and

Prophet. A later drawing shows changes apparently concentrate on the temple. Work moved forward

made by the Prophet in another of Week's drawings. rapidly under the leadership of Brigham Young, who

This drawing shows the change from a square to an had said, "I would rather pay out every cent to build octagonal tower of half stone and half wood. The up this place and receive an endowment, even were I

triangular front pediment still remains, and there are driven the next minute without anything to take no star stones yet with me."

A third drawing by Weeks shows a rectangular With this spirit—and the everincreasing awareness

pediment, with halfcircle windows, an allwood that the Saints would soon be leaving Nauvoo—efforts

tower, and fivepointed star stones. The completed redoubled. The Saints intended to complete the

temple noted several changes even in these few factors temple in order to receive their endowments, and then under discussion: the upper pediment windows were to leave the building as a witness of their faithfulness

square, not halfcircle; the tower window shutters and as a memorial to the Prophet Joseph Smith. Hence,

were altered in design; and there were numerous other the next year saw the completion of the temple. The

minor changes. These drawings by Weeks show the wooden baptismal font was replaced with a stone

progressive development of the architecture of the font. The capstone was laid May 24, 1845, and the

temple to its final form, and have changes probably stone masons rested from their labors. The interior,

suggested by the Prophet himself. Also among Week's though not completed in the total elegance of today's

papers is a drawing of the prone angel that later temples, was plastered, carpeted, and curtained, and adorned the tower. In one hand was a book, probably pictures were hung. All rooms may not have been

representing the Book of Mormon, and in the other in an equal state of completion, but the temple was a trumpet to herald the news of the restoration. essentially finished at the dedication on April 30 and

By the year 1844 the temple construction neared May 1, 1846. Before then some of the attic rooms

its top tiers. had already been dedicated, and from December 10,

That year also saw the death of the Prophet 1845, to February 7, 1846, some 5,595 persons received

Joseph Smith. As a result, all things in and around their endowments, and some their sealings and

Nauvoo seemed to hang in suspension after the June marriages.

27 martyrdom. But on July 8, 1844, it was resolved A touching incident indicates the heartfelt desire

October 1968 15.?

.fr#"

<..M iMll.iVi tut,,,;""*'"'.k i=a'*-."""—r?—Amu J il*T

Third temple drawing shows the change to rectangular pediment. Artist's rendering of how the completed temple looked.

of the Saints for the temple blessings. On February 3 the Lord,"was soon the quarters for the mob militia

President Young met with leaders to plan the exodus that had taken the town. In time, however, the

from Nauvoo as well as from the persecutors who had Latterday Saints left in charge of the temple again burned well over one hundred homes of Saints residing acquired custodianship of the building.

outside Nauvoo and who continued to harass and On October 9, 1848, three men reportedly set fire to threaten the Saints with destruction. The President the temple. Accounts of the arsonists'labors made

spoke to the many Saints who had gathered, saying frontpage news throughout the nation. The charred

that the Church had been abundantly blessed for stones and remaining walls were blown down by a having built the temple, that other duties awaited tornado in 1850, the temple site seemingly cleansed of them, and that he was going to set the example and the ravages perpetrated on it by the "mobocrats."

be the first to leave and begin to load his wagons. But the spirit of Elijah that had taken deep root

Then he put on his overcoat and hat and left the among the Saints could not be dimmed. Within four

building. After a short walk he looked back and saw days of their arrival in Salt Lake City in 1847, Brig-,

that no one was following him. He immediately ham Young pointed to a spot and said, "Here we will

sensed the hunger of the Saints for spiritual blessbuild the temple of our God."Within 30 years, three

ings, and -he returned to the waiting throng and other temples were also underway. The Prophet

organized the work for endowments to be given to Joseph's early ordinance work had flowered into a 295 persons that day. Preceding this and during the concern that would never die. Indeed, the spirit of

long winter months, President Young and numerous temple work has been described by prophets of many other officiators had almost lived in the temple, staying ages to be one of the allconsuming interests of the for days on end, eating food sent to them and sleepLord's people in the latter days and during the ing on available cots, as they tirelessly gave the Saints millennium.

their endowments. This remarkable temple story and the truths assoAfter the Saints'departure in 1846, ruffians moved ciated with it are some of the reasons for the desire

into Nauvoo, plundering and bullying their way to return and restore a portion of the Nauvoo Temple against the weak opposition of the small band who on the slopes of the Mississippi.

had remained. The temple, whose west end bore the Certainly, such a message is worthy of a fitting

inscription "The House of the Lord... Ploliness to memorial. o

16 Improvement Era Advertisement

One of two things will happen—you'll either get sick, or you'll stay well. Life's twice the fun knowing that, either way, you must get paid.

People over 65 get the cash they need to help with Medicare With Medical

Costs Soaring, How Lucky WillYou Be?

# One of two things will happen to you. Either you'll Even if you do use up part of the benefits, you can

get sick or hurt. Or you'll be lucky and stay well. still get a cash refund. If you collect less than what

If you get sick or hurt, you face the problem of paying you've paid in annualized premiums, you get a refund hospital bills that are already the highest in history. of the difference.

Today, 9 out of 10 Americans no longer have enough So no matter what, you must collect. You either colhealth insurance to pay these skyrocketing hospital lect generous, taxfree cash benefits when sickness

bills. But to get the additional protection you need, you or injury strikes—or you get back all your basic annual

pay premiums that return no money if you stay well. premiums. Sick or well, you cannot lose! It's the sensiBut now, there's a revolutionary new kind of moneyble answer for people who no longer want to gamble

back health insurance that solves this problem. A plan against today's rapidly rising medical costs.

with a remarkable feature that lets you add the proAnd today's Federal Income Tax provisions give a tection you need—without risking a penny. No matter much bigger tax deduction on health insurance prewhat kind of luck you have, this low cost plan says, miums—so this plan can end up costing you even less.

"You must collect!"People are already cashing big refund checks under

This revolutionary health insurance returns money this moneyback protection offered by Bankers Life to you if you're lucky and stay well. If you don't need and Casualty Co. of Chicago as part of the famous

the benefits, you get paid a substantial cash "nest White Cross Plan protecting over 6,000,000 Ameriegg"at maturity, to spend as you see fit. This extra cans. And the White Cross Plan includes new low cost

cash can add important security to your future. protections specially designed to help people over 65

Like ordinary health insurance, this plan pays you fill the gaps in Medicare.

generous, taxfree cash benefits if you do get sick or The story of this remarkable "MoneyBack"plan, and hurt. The cash comes to you directby-check, to spend special "Over65"plans to supplement Medicare, is

anyway you wish. It pays you regardless of other hostold in the Gold Book, an informative booklet offered

pital, medical or surgical insurance you may have. to you free by Bankers.

But unlike ordinary plans, this low cost plan means you no longer have to be sick or hurt to collect. If you ***To get your free copy of the Gold Book, simply fill out

stay well, you get a big cash refund. In effect, you've and mail the postagefree airmail reply card bound in next

built up an extra savings account. to this page. There is no cost or obligation for this service.

October 1968 17 "\ Our time has been called the age of the pill, Men \\ \ i have turned to drugs in every known age, but not

\ i \ on the scale they do today. Drug use plays a sig-

as practice. the nificant It serves part in medical i!"--.. i—O M

It individual's business. is the of basis big hope

i y \ \J\ in increasing anguish. against people pain Young and \

numbers turn to drugs to satisfy their curiosity, to or threatening, that is unpleasant a reality from V.'escape i \ \) \ /

I 1 nirvana. / of or in search euphoria and i \ \

L- j - -s r It is the purpose of this article to examine drug use -—"r -i r*! I / r and abuse, to explore the values and dangers involved

to l in turn taking drugs, people to understand why I f"Fn! iI r-I J action. Since the results of them, such to examine and

I i L- 1 i irt1 s \ \ (ii i thedoctor,authorthisis articleneitherwilla pharmacologistnot deal with northe atechnicalmedical i i

ii n the of rather the with subject aspects medical but i /!

1 of social the dimensions problem. personal and / / v -- I! iji iL-- i II j -- i 1 r 1 cure, diagnosis, "in the as substances used Drugs --

i in or of disease mitigation, prevention treatment man

\ i 1 i m \ i /i 'i r*..:! 'i 'r place. certainly a legitimate have and animals"How Tv!ll|

i i is polio, / /j for against Salk grateful vaccine the I man <

I / / I I for pain-'lit that lockjaw, 1 for prevents shot a tetanus / in; I \ \ -J I\\L V

I assokilling the of relieve that agony I drugs some -'L jL J VJ -J j| w historical a possesses ciated cancer. with Anyone who "- I—V

perspective or who has lived long upon the land can

By Dr. Lowell L. Bennion \.s hardly be against all drug use. Drugs play a constructive role whenever they serve a lifesaving or a

Dr. Lowell L. Bennion, associate dean of students at the lifebuilding function. Many of us are alive today

University of Utah and a member of the planning committee only because of them.

Correlation of Committee, Youth the Church's has long been Our concern is not with drug use but with drug it affects students. with the drug problem as concerned

abuse. By the latter is meant the unintelligent,

18 Improvement Era inappropriate, or excessive use of a drug, which leads many centuries, but their serious and harmful effects to the destruction of physical or mental health, the have been scientifically verified only in recent years.

impairment of productive, creative living, the destrucTobacco is now known to be a major contributing tion of human relations and of life itself. cause of cancer of the lung, throat, and larnyx.

Drugs are not good or bad in and of themselves, Emphysema and circulatory diseases are also its bybut they become either one or the other as they build products. The destructive effect of alcohol on man's

or destroy persons, as they promote or impede life. liver, brain, circulatory system, perception of space,

Opium, for instance, in its various derivatives, serves a and impulses—to say nothing of its consequences in

useful purpose in the hands of a knowledgeable and his human relations—is no longer contested.

conscientious physician, but it becomes an agonizing In recent years other mindaltering drugs have been substance in the life of an addict. Some drugs, such as introduced or reintroduced, especially to the youth

the antibiotics, have positive functions; others, such of the world, and in some circles they are competing

as tobacco, have minimal value and considerable ill with alcohol and tobacco for popularity. Among these

effects. Each drug must be judged on its own merit are marijuana, LSD, methedrine ("speed"), and some

as it is used under given circumstances by particular 70 other substances that have either a stimulating or individuals. depressing effect or both. More such drugs are cerDrug abuse can take many forms. Any selftain to be discovered or manufactured in the future.

administered drug (one that has not been prescribed These drugs have a mixed reputation. Some users

by a physician) is likely to lead to abuse, because it of the new and newly used mindexpanding drugs feel is usually taken in defiance, ignorance, or with a bias. they offer new dimensions of selfunderstanding and

Drugs are chemicals that affect the physiology of the provide the basis for nonpossessive love among perbody and the functioning of the mind. Without sons; others, particularly some psychiatrists who have

knowledge of biochemistry and mental process, it is treated drugusing patients, find them particularly hazardous to use drugs. Even the physician who destructive to health and life. This writer knows of

prescribes drugs for himself runs the risk of being no one, including confessed users, who do not admit influenced by personal desire rather than by objective the dangers involved in LSD and "speed"use. Timothy

need. Persons in the medical profession who someLeary, a most renowned and notorious advocate of

times begin treating themselves can become involved drug use, said in our hearing that only one in 10,000 in drug abuse as much as any other segment of the persons should take LSD. Even if this were true,

population. there is no way to determine in advance of usage who

Some forms of drug abuse have been with us for that one person might be.

October 1968 19 Marijuana has become the most popular and conin the Word of Wisdom given in 1833, wherein the troversial "new"drug in use. It is too early to know Lord revealed:

on the basis of scientific study what its effects are. It "... In consequence of evils and designs which do

is wellknown that marijuana alters one's sense percepand will exist in the hearts of conspiring men in the tion, so that hours after taking the drug, when one last days, I have warned you and forewarn you, by feels quite normal again, he may be a hazard to giving unto you this word of wisdom by revelation."

himself and others if he drives. Some users and (D&C89:4. Italics added.

professionals claim that it is injurious to body and The use of LSD, "speed,"and marijuana is also mind, and recommend complete abstinence until the greatly encouraged by those who make a profit from facts are more fully ascertained; others argue that it is selling and pushing these products. Since these drugs

no more harmful than tobacco or alcohol. If the are illegal in the United States, they are manufactured

latter position were true, it is like saying, "Why worry and/or imported with all the intrigue and misrepreabout a broken left pelvis? It is no worse than a sentation involved in criminal transactions.

broken right pelvis."(2) A second reason young people turn to drug use

To this writer, of even greater interest than the is because adults whom they admire and aspire to physiological and medical aspects of drug use are emulate—parents, entertainers, athletes, the wellto-

their personal and social implications. Why do people do—serve as models for them. Nearly every youth is

turn to drugs, and how does drug use and abuse dissatisfied with being young, and he looks to adultaffect their lives? This seems to be the crucial queshood as the greener pasture.

tion. The subject is complex, and only some of the (3) A third reason for drug abuse is peer pressure.

reasons can be indicated. Smoking of tobacco and marijuana, drinking of alcohol,

( 1 ) Drug abuse is encouraged by socially irresponand taking of "speed"and LSD are learned behaviors sible persons concerned only with their own economic greatly encouraged by group participation. Many an

gain. Tobacco and alcoholic beverage manufacturers immature and unreflective youth who has not learned

spend millions and use every device known in adverto respect his own individuality and who has not tising to make tobacco and alcohol enticing and clearly defined for himself his own values is afraid not appealing to people. They subtly associate these to be a conformist. He cherishes acceptance by the

drugs with beauty, romance, recreation, manliness, group through conformity more than he cherishes the femininity, prosperity, and a carefree existence. Never strength of his own integrity.

do they give an honest report of the evils or hazards (4) Many students of human behavior are coming of their trade. They fulfill the prophetic observation to see that drug abuse is symptomatic of deeper,

20 Improvement Era underlying aspects of human life. Drugs are not taken shoestring are not as available as they once were. War

for their own sake, but to fulfill other needs. Manv has lost all of its glamour for most young men. Failadults, bored with the trivia of their work and the ing to experience life as the exciting, creative venture

shallowness of their lives—living without significant it can be, some young people turn to drugs for kicks.

goals or creative interests—come home to fill their In short, young people turn to drugs for many reaemptiness with alcohol. sons and because of numerous pressures of which they

Young people often turn to mindexpanding drugs, are scarcely aware.

hoping thereby to escape from school failure and As stated earlier, drugs have a legitimate place in boredom, from loneliness, from the fear of being human life, and in the hands of competent physicians drafted into military service and war, from the meanof sound judgment they are a blessing to mankind.

ingless competitive chase after success. Not finding But when they are taken without medical direction

joy and peace within their own minds and hearts, they and for reasons other than medical need, they become turn to chemical agents to bring about a change. both dangerous to, and destructive of life. For this

Drug use by some young people is also a conreason it is wisdom to leave them alone. Had LSD,

scious or unconscious symbol of rebellion against marijuana, and "speed"been known in 1833, when parents, school authorities, the church, and any the Word of Wisdom was given, well might the Lord establishment that they can rightfully or fallaciously have said of each as he did about alcoholic beverages blame for their own unhappy predicament. This is and tobacco: "... behold it is not good."

particularly true among some Latterday Saint youth This writer's advice to young people is to leave who, when angry and hostile, can easily and often the drugs mentioned above entirely alone, because in unconsciously hurt their parents by going against my observation they are destructive of health and obvious standards. This can take extreme forms and happiness. And may I say parenthetically that in

be in marked excess. this judgment on drugs, I am not condemning my

Youth has always been adventurous and daring, fellowmen who are using them. I count among my

curious, exploring, and willing to take risks that their close friends persons who are heavy smokers and perelders have long since given up. In this age of comsistent drinkers. I admire and love these people. I

plexity and conformity, of prolonged preparation and respect them but reject their folly. At this moment an

dependency, when many immediate doors of exploraesteemed colleague of great knowledge and integrity tion seem to be closed to youth, it is difficult to be is dying of lung cancer, which undoubtedly was enadventurous in constructive roles. Pioneering in the couraged by his chain smoking for 40 years. Another

desert, homesteading, and beginning business on a esteemed colleague's days are numbered because of

October 1968 21 Photos by Eldon Linscnoren

emphysema that is due to the same cause. the beauty of green fields reaching to the forest edge,

I have talked with a number of young people who and the delicate color and form of a rose. I have ears

have used marijuana, LSD, and "speed,"some of whom to hear birds sing, a Beethoven symphony, the voice think it is a way to find heaven on earth. Never have of a friend. I have a mind rich in memory, with some

I seen any illustrations of creative work come from power of imagination, and the capacity to see and their experiments. Some end in failure at school, create some order in the world about me. I have

others in financial difficulties due to their not meet- a heart to feel sympathy, compassion, and even soring their responsibilities, and some live in a dream row as well as joy for the world around me.

world quite unrelated to the realities around us. I trust my own capacity to live life deeply and fully

Some continue to function reasonably well because of with the resources God has given me more than I their superior endowment. trust chemicals whose dangers I have seen and whose

One of the most regrettable aspects of drug use is values I have not found.

that it is a way for many to run away from problems Those who encourage the use of harmful and illegal rather than to confront and solve them with courage drugs for monetary or other selfish reasons are the and intelligence. Unresolved problems compound real culprits. Those who push or sell LSD, marijuana,

themselves and show up again in larger and often "speed,"and similar drugs should be taken to task, uglier forms. Youth is an age in which to grow and convicted, and made to pay the penalty of the

mature by encountering and resolving issues. violation of law. Laws should, in my judgment, be

Drug use, except under necessity and for health passed to forbid the advertising of tobacco and alcoreasons, seems to me to be a denial of the dignity of holic beverages. It is inconsistent and nonsensical to

human nature as created by God and nature. It advise young people to abstain from harmful drugs on

smacks of the doctrine of original sin, suggesting that the one hand and then permit irresponsible citizens man by nature is depraved and needs the saving grace to entice them by deceptive advertising on the other.

of chemicals to help him lead a meaningful and joyful The drug user merits neither our judgment nor life. condemnation. "He that is without sin, let him cast

I am just one human being among billions with no the first stone."The task that faces us today is to help

talent to paint, compose, or sing, but God has given young people fill their lives with creative, lifesatisfy- me hands with which to write a paragraph, greet a ing, and building experiences that will diminish the friend, hold a wife or daughter, plant a tree, and pick frustration, the failure, the fears, and the emptiness a peach. He has given me eyes with which to behold that cause them to turn to drugs for meaning and

majestic mountains under the glow of a setting sun, excitement.. O

22 Improvement Era Readers acclaim

... the greatest LDS

reference book ever published!"

NOW!

A new Deluxe Edition!

Here are the true principles of the gospel explained in a plain and simple way. This

unique volume is a compendium of the whole gospel, an encyclopedia of revealed knowledge.

It covers thousands of doctrinal subjects, quotes tens of thousands of scriptural references, has over 1100 separate articles. There are nearly 400,000 words in large, easyto-read print. 900 pages.

It is a monumental effort to present a digest of the gospel from Alpha to Omega.

This masterpiece is indexed and cross referenced to provide a world of authoritative data right at the fingertips of the reader.

"Mormon Doctrine"contains the answers to thousands of gospel questions. With this

vital volume in your home, you'll never need to worry about any LDS belief. You'll use

it almost every week of your life to bring clarity and understanding of the gospel. No

finer way to answer questions raised by your children; no finer way to teach them to

use this book to seek out straightforward explanations of doctrine.

BRUCE R. McCONKIE

READERS PRAISE MORMON DOCTRINE

"I think MORMON DOCTRINE is the greatest LDS reference book ever published. When researching or studying,

I keep it at my side to add depth and insight."John Grover

"In the mission field, we can't afford to be without it. Its concise statements of fact bring quick understanding.

I wish every missionary had his own, personal copy to study.".... Dafe # Curtis

"When preparing a talk, my copy of Mormon Doctrine really gets a workout. No one else has ever said so

much with so tew words. And as a quick double check on facts, it has proved invaluable."

John MacKay

1186 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 1068 BOOKCRAFT BOOKCRAFT

Please send me for DOCTRINE which MORMON I I enclose check or money order J in (Residents tax) sales the amount Of $6.95. of Utah add m%

NAME: J ADDRESS: I

CITY, STATE, ZIP:

October 1968 23 w BOOKCRAFT'IEAT NEW FALL RELEASES!

1.THE POWER OF BELIEVING 2. MEANINGFUL LIVING 3. GOD, MAN AND THE

by Sterling W. Sill UNIVERSE

by Paul H. Dunn

Elder Sill dramatically by Hyrum L. Andrus

TUB points out man's need to believe in many The formula for sucThe secrets of the unithings to be happy, cessful modern living verse as revealed to successful, confident, is shown in this downthe Prophet Joseph stable and without toearth analysis of Smith, Jr. are set forth

in this in fascinating conflict, and so the Sermon on the book, contains which the doing reveals Mount.

every known statement of obtaining steR UPfG w. sit J- secrets

a strong basic faith. 7RoMtANO,u'B made by the Prophet

Must reading! $3.00 on this topic.

$3.75 $5.95

4. BOOK OF MORMON 5. MISSION FOR MOTHER: 6. VITAL QUOTATIONS

COMPENDIUM GUIDING THE CHILD by Emerson West by G. Hugh Allred More than 2600 imby Sidney B. Sperry

Here is a book written portant quotations in reflecting ideas the prime purpose religion, politics, eduin of assisting Mother and everyday of cation, MORMON Thisable bestreferenceof all booksavailthefor challenging task the on MorBook of living. Each quotation training and disciplinall gsngssuffii answers your mon with a is complete Preing her children.

questions. Includes sents guidelines to brief biography on the

on information new author. Indexed and desirable help develop

Hill the Cumorah. into crossreferenced traits and qualities.

235 topics.

$6.95 $3.95 $4.50

7. INDEX TO "COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY OF 8. MISSIONARY YOURS

THE CHURCH A beautifully boxed stationery assortment This new, expanded illustrated with 18 is index absolutely different ribtickling essential if you are to cartoons of missionget the maximum from aries in the field. Highthe "Comprehensive est quality writing

History of the Church."paper and envelopes.

all Covers six volumes.

$3.25 $1.49

24 Improvement Era MORE

ttmn!! I GOOD FROM

READING BOOKCRAFT 9. ON GETTING THINGS 10. SLIM, TRIM, 11. FROM THE DUST

DONE FUN FOR LIFE OF DECADES Gibb Sara Lee by Keith Terry & by Ray L. White by

00 v/ '*-h Walter Whipple This aid for perfect

Getting for v slimdown campaigns A "howto"book fU'of the timely study A offers to systemwants women who anyone Things of Price, Pearl Great atic sensible ways and better organidevelop with pictures from we complete diet, exercise, to habits, and zational make papyri recently of the in physical keep of good time, best use the DusTGfue Church. acquired bythe

condition. Over responsibility 75 delegate

in its Scholarly comphotographs get the from show and most lftWMt* pleteness, oc en exercise techproper coworkers. * r

niques. $2.50

12. THE WAY TO HAPPINESS 13. FOUR FAITH 14. SACRED OR SECRET?

by Rulon S. Howells PROMOTING CLASSICS by Ernest Eberhard, Jr.

from "The Faith mission- A successful tool, this interestFOUR FAITH Promoting"series parentsThis valuableis writtenaid toin ary - understand ing and effective book mOMOTlNO Fascinating narratives csnnpa easyto the truths presents of God by men which OftSFWTV terms,to give enablingtheir childrenthem by taught Jesus inspire reader. the in a CLASSlCb will

special way. DocuContains rich, faiththe sex education and

mented with Biblical promoting stories not guidance needed for quotes. found in any other happy, welladjusted

$1.50 publication. n nr "ves $2.50

15. AN OPEN ROAD 16. THE TEN MOST 17. LIFE EVERLASTING

by Richard L. Evans WANTED MEN by Duane S. Crowther

a in three Volume by Paul H. Dunn TEN MOST THE series special by the inforinsight and New AN OPEN MEN WANTED of narrator instructive An life famed after on mation look at ""The Spoken Word"the ten most desirable 4 0e death. Includes deSquare. traits of leadership, from Temple

skillful illustrated use of aptly With with verltif'scriptionsworld conditions.of spiritA

quotations and wise stirring examples. Incomprehensive look at

men's writings Elder spires selfconfidence. the estate of man.

Evans covers a variety KulB.Duan

of vital topics. $3.95 $4.50

$3.00

18. FILE FAVORITES BOOKCRAFT

1186 South Main / Salt Lake City, Utah 84101 by Albert L Zobell, Jr. BOOKCRAFT

Please send the following circled book(s) for which I enclose

A marvelous collection check or money order in the amount of $ of poignant stories, Residents of Utah add 3H% sales tax.

anecdotes, and quo- 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 tations. Fresh new 12

material to enhance 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 talks, enrich lessons, brighten letters and NAME dress up conversations.

fttffli ADDRESS V"$1.25 CITY, STATE, ZIP

October 1968 25 Garden Room on second floor has reception area, door leading to garden between Beehive, Lion Houses.

The By Eleanor Knowles Editorial AssociateLIQN tiQUSE

Front parlor of Lion House, where YWM/A was organized, features portrait of President Brigham Young.

In Children's Room, youngsters can learn about pioneer heritage.

Graceful new stairway was installed to help facilitate traffic in home. In background

is Children's Room.

The warmth, charm, and spirit of the Church's on the first (or streetlevel) floor, which featured the pioneer period have been recaptured in the Lion long dining room where as many as 70 family members

House, which was reopened in September following and guests ate. Other rooms on this floor included

a fouryear remodeling period. One of Salt Lake large vegetable and fruit cellars; a weaving room,

City's most famous landmarks and home of President where carpets and cloth were woven; milk room, for

Brigham Young, the Lion House was built in 185556 storage of milk, cream, butter, and cheese; laundry

and is now administered by the Young Women's Muroom; pantries and cupboards; bathrooms; and a huge

tual Improvement Association as a social center. kitchen.

Inside and out the house has undergone extensive In the northwest corner was a room that served as remodeling, but the original architecture has been the schoolroom until the schoolhouse was completed preserved. The home was designed by Truman O. in 1862. This room then became the family's recreaAngell, who helped design the Salt Lake Temple. tion room. Here the children gathered for parties

The home, built in the style of early English homes and entertainments. Large steel hooks were attached

(reflecting the New England background of Brigham to the walls for pulling molasses or vinegar candy, and

Young), is located on East South Temple Street bethere was a small stove for popping corn.

tween the Church Administration Building and the Today this floor is the setting for the Lion House

Bee Hive House. Pantry, a cafeteria for Church employees and others,

As one approaches the Lion House, one of the first where members may obtain homecooked lunches and changes that will be noted is the creamcolored facafternoon refreshments five days a week at nominal ing. The house was originally built of adobe and cost. There are a number of small dining rooms, in

sandstone (which the pioneers called "grindstone") addition to the main dining room, and in good weather from nearby City Creek Canyon. Some years ago, diners may take their trays into the garden between

when the original outside walls became badly cracked the Lion House and Bee Hive House.

and eroded, a cement plaster was applied. This has The second floor of the home was originally devoted

now been removed, and a new finishing has been to sitting rooms for President Young's families. In the

added that more nearly duplicates the original, which southwest corner was the large front parlor, or prayer was described by one of Brigham Young's daughters, room, where President Young gathered his family

Clarissa Spencer Young, as "cream plaster, which with for counsel and prayers.

the white woodwork and green shutters made a very According to Clarissa Spencer Young, "About seven lovely appearance."o'clock in the evening Father would go to his room,

The reclining stone lion that gives the home its light a candle in the tall, brass candlestick, come into name, and which was sculptured by William Ward, our sitting room across the hall, and say quietly, Time remains in place above the porch at the south for prayers.'No matter what we were doing or who

entrance. was there, we dropped everything and followed him

Other structural changes include installation of an through the long narrow hall [from the Bee Hive elevator to service all floors, construction of an addiHouse] and stepped into the parlor of the Lion tional stairway, air conditioning, and steel beam reinHouse....

forcements, making the building structurally sound "Father would step to the glass cupboard, take and safe. However, all of the furnishings, floor coverdown the prayer bell, go to the door, and give three

ings, and wall and woodwork finishes are either distinct rings. After a moment he would put the

originals in the home or authentically restored to the prayer bell back and take his place... in the center of

pioneer period. the room. In a very short time the patter of feet

In Brigham Young's day, hub of family activity was would be heard in the long hallway upstairs and

October 1968 27 1875 Room, one of the second floor parlors, is decorated in rich red and black shades.

Photos by Lonn Wiggins

down, and the children would come tripling in to be third floors (the first floor has a beautifully stained followed by their mothers with a more sedate wooden floor). Damask, brocade, mohair, dimity,

tread.... and other luxurious fabrics of Brigham Young's day

"Father usually discussed the topics of the day, and have been used in the upholstery and window coverthen we would all join in singing some familiar songs, ings. Some of the furniture, was originally in the

either oldtime ballads or songs of religious nature. home. Other pieces were located in homes, garages,

Finally we would all kneel down while Father offered antique shops, and stores throughout the country, the evening prayers."from New York to San Francisco. Among the most

The original prayer bell is still in this room, and the beautiful finds are two crystal chandeliers that once parlor has been furnished as it was in President were used in the governor's mansion in New

Young's day. Hampshire.

Other rooms on this floor now include the 1875 Following Brigham Young's death in 1877, the Lion

Room, the Social Room, the Pioneer Room, and the House remained in the hands of family members for

Garden Room. The latter opens out onto the garden, a short time and was then purchased by the Church.

and a small service kitchen has been built adjoining It served as office space for a number of years, and it, making it an attractive setting for wedding later became a home economics laboratory for the old receptions. Latterday Saints University. When that school was

One of the most charming and unusual features of closed in 1931, the First Presidency turned the home the home is the Children's Room, just east of the main over to the YWMIA for use as a social center for the entrance. Here children can come on special occawomen and girls of the Church. During the years

sions to learn about their pioneer heritage and to hear until it was closed for remodeling in 1964, the home stories of pioneer families and experiences. They was the scene of classes, socials, and activities of

can also pop corn at a small stove, pull molasses candy, thousands of young women, particularly those who and turn a freezer for ice cream. were living away from home.

The third floor originally had 20 bedrooms, ten on The Lion House has special significance for memeach side of the long central hall, with a small firebers of the YWMIA, for it was in the front parlor place and a dormer window in each room. (These dorthat Brigham Young called his wives and daughters

mer windows give the home its distinctive English together on November 28, 1869, and organized them appearance from the outside.) The walls separating into the Young Ladies Department of the Cooperathe bedrooms have been removed, and three large tive Retrenchment Association, admonishing them to

reception rooms are now located on the south and cultivate a modest apparel, improve their speech, and west sides, with sliding partitions dividing them. The set a good example before the world worthy of

largest room is the Banquet Room, which can seat imitation. This organization later became what is

up to 100 people. Next to this is the Gable Room, now known as the Young Women's Mutual Improveand then the Buffet Room. When all three rooms are ment Association. During 1969 the YWMIA will obopened up, groups of up to 200 people can be accomserve its centennial, and many of the centennial

modated. A large, modern kitchen and pantries and activities will revolve around the Lion House.

storage rooms are on the east side of this floor. From Managing the policies and activities of the center

the banquet room, a door opens onto a balcony overis a board of directors working under the direction looking the garden. of President Florence S. Jacobsen and counselors

Throughout the home the finest furnishings have Margaret R. Jackson and Dorothy P. Flolt, the YWMIA

been placed. Ingrained carpets woven to a design of general presidency. Mrs. Dorothea Ludlow is hostessthe pioneer period are featured on the second and manager of the Lion House. O

28 Improvement Era oq all ydur Now! ave 20

ct\iitch bools!

x What members say about LDS Books Club HOUSE OF "A truly great service to members of the

Church... being well read builds testimony."... T. Bowring Woodbury THE LORD

"A good LDS reference library is a must for

.. for leaders. teachers and thanks making by James E. Talmage

... possible."John E. my library MaKay

"Thanks so much for your wonderful service

for... it possible us to obtain the making

quickly. are Regular wonderful books so so many We

so happy with it."...

Mr. and Mrs. Gerard Van Zeben $3.50

"We constantly recommend the LDS Books

build Club to wants to anyone who up his ( II Edition

. library."H. Church Berges.. Herman

Here is your opportunity to get the inspirational book which every LatterChoice of thousands day Saint has been urged to read. Join the LDS BOOKS CLUB this month

of books! and receive this important classic at a 20% savings! Iiict <tO Qfl

Almost every LDS book in print is available to you through the Books Club. Our monthly Why do we make this reduced price offer?

reviews list the newest books, the classics, children's books, practically everything ever Thousands of Latterday Saints throughout the world are building their published by Deseret Book and Bookcraft. religious libraries by regularly adding the choicest new books just off the

of publiare kept informed vital new You

of rare cations, reprints volumes, new press. We would like you to have all the benefits and advantages of a comand

editions of best sellers. You order only the plete LDS library to help strengthen your testimony and bring you to a

books you select. Each book is sent to you fuller understanding of the Gospel of Jesus Christ.

postpaid. -The LDS BOOKS CLUB enjoys quantity discount buying, and can pass

along a 20% discount to you in the form of a free bonus book with each four books you buy.

You have the opportunity to buy books by mail that are How to join the Books Club seldom seen on bookstore Clip the coupon below and send it along with your check or money order for just $2.80 for

shelves. your copy of "House of the Lord."You will be enrolled as a member.

CLIP THIS MEMBERSHIP ENROLLMENT FORM

Very few bookstores carry a complete selection of LDS publications. As a service to

the Club can obtain and send members, postpaid, you almost all Church books to LDS Books Club Inc. LDS

available, even though discounts on these P.O. Box 400/1188 South Main/Salt Lake City, Utah 84110

is for or of $2.80. Please order check copy send money my my books may not permit the giving of bonus Enclosed

enroll by as the of the Lord"and E. Talmage "House James a member me

credits.

I I will of reviews receive that each understand CLUB. month LDS BOOKSof

latest books. I hereby agree to purchase a minimum of four (4) additional

or the regular selections alternates the next 12 during months at If you buy as few as four church regular after four these advertised price. I purchasing resign at any time may

books a year, you cannot afford additional books. For each four (4) books I purchase through the Club. I will(4)

to be without membership in the receive one valuable book free—an average saving of 20%,

LDS Books Club. NAME

ADDRESS

CITY, STATE, ZIP

October 1968 isn'tNowWestern ii to nonst

AirWest jets leave every day at 8 a.m. 12:55 p.m.

30 Improvement Era flythe only way to Los Angeles.

5:10 p.m. Call AirWest or your Travel Agent.

October 1968 31 Lest We Forget ZCMI Americas First Department Store By Albert ResearchL. Zobell,EditorJr.

To a large extent the early tion was later changed to Zion's the store was selling hardware,

Saints were.not merchantmen; Cooperative Mercantile Institution, tools, implements, and crockery,

they were breakers of sod, builders and on March 1, 1869, it opened as well as the luxury items of fancy of canals, tillers of soil, beginners for business in the Eagle Emnotions, carpets, and upholstery of virgin farms in arid valleys that, porium on the southwest corner of goods.

with the application of much labor, First South and Main streets. BePresident George Albert Smith,

blossomed as the rose. fore the store opened at nine that the President of the Church from

But as the problems of producmorning, President Young dedi1945 to 1951, on occasion used ing foodstuffs were overcome, cated it and all its contents to the to fill his sermons with personal other problems had to be dealt service of the people. Then he experiences: As a youth he worked

with. A place of merchandise was made the first purchase. A secin the overall and boot factories,

needed. Thus on October 9, ond store opened ten days later and as a young man of 20, he

1868, leaders of the Church up the street in the old Constitutraveled by horse and buggy met, and "it was decided to take tion Building, and one in the through Utah to Panaca, Nevada, immediate steps to establish a Ransohoff Building April 21. Thus as a ZCMI salesman. Such men

cooperative mercantile business, the stores functioned until the were the friends of the small wholesale and retail, to supply the present store was opened in 1876. merchants of the various comwants of the people of the terriAdditions on Main Street were munities.

tory. Over $70,000 was subscribed completed in 1880 and 1902. The His predecessor, President Hein the council."(Manuscript Hiscast-iron store front has been deber J. Grant, who was President

tory of Brigham Young, 1868, clared a fine example of the naof the Church from 1918 to 1945, p. 1178.) tion's architectural heritage of recalled how he had been born

The plan was discussed in the the period. in his parents'home, located on

various wards, and at a meeting Merchants, especially in the the site of the future Main Street in Salt Lake City's Council Hall East, were skeptical that a cohome of ZCMI. When he was a

on October 15, Brigham Young was operative institution would sucsmall boy and his widowed mother chosen president and W. H. ceed. Some of the people who moved, he vowed that he would

Hooper vice president of Zion's subscribed for stock felt the pinch purchase the property back. In

Cooperative Association. of recurring hard times and had early manhood he did build his

President Young had said: to let their investment go, but mother a home, but she selected

"There are too many men enmany other families whose foreanother location for it.

gaged in merchandising here. Two fathers subscribed for ownership ZCMI has grown with the

thirds of them ought to be out shares still have stock in ZCMI. area, and has done much to

in the fields."He added, "It is our From the beginning the store was nurture growth during the cenduty to bring goods here and sell an innovation in that there were tury that the firm has been in

them as low as they can posdepartments for shoes, hats, and operation. Its stores are now

sibly be sold and let the profits the like, giving it the designation operating at the downtown locabe divided with the people at America's first department store. tion, in southeast Salt Lake

large."He recognized the talent Almost from the beginning the County, and in Ogden. A store is

of women as "salesmen"and wares included groceries, clothing, also being built in southwest Salt "traders,"and urged that the men drugs, shoes, dry goods, wagons Lake County, and another is find other work. and machinery, produce, trunks, planned for the OremProvo, Utah,

The name of the new associaand sewing machines. By 1873 area. O

32 Improvement Era For people are not ashamedwho of having brains.

Great Books are published by Encyclopaedia Britannica in collaboration with the University of Chicago.

Here is the most superb home taining 443 masterpieces by 74 of hisway to the Great Books as well.

library ever assembled—tory's greatest geniuses. Certainly, the Great Books belong

Great Books The $1,000,000 Syntopicon in the home of every thinking person. May we suggest that you send forIt may not be popular to admit it, Included with Great Books (and more facts today?but all people aren't created equal. available only with Great Books) is a

And the longer they live (and learn), unique reference work called the SynSend for this FREE Booklet the less equal they get. topicon. An amazing index that reTo learn more, just

You were probably born with a quired 8 years and cost more than fill out and mail bigger share of intelligence than most $1,000,000 just to write. the attached card to

of your fellow men... and taught Unlike a dictionary that indexes Great Books, 425

how to use it. And you appreciate facts, the Syntopicon indexes ideas N. Michigan Ave.,

the difference. You aren't ashamed of every one of the thousands of topics Dept. 168-L,

having brains. You enjoy using them. and subtopics within the Great Books. Chicago, Illinois

That's why Great Books belong in In minutes, the Syntopicon enables 60611. You will

your home. These are the writings of you to look up any idea in the Great receive a fullcolor,

Plato, Homer, Cervantes, Tolstoy, Books and find what each of the great 16page booklet describing the Great

Freud, Rabelais, Shakespeare and thinkers thought about it. Books in detail.

many more. They contain just about Also available with Great Books There is no cost or obligation.

every important thought of Western are the handsome 10volume reading man for the past 3,000 years! A set plans. And you may also get a reof 54 beautifully bound volumes conmarkable 10volume set called GateGREAT BOOKS

The EraAsksAbout

President Joseph Fielding Smith, Church Historian and recorder. A William Lund, an assistant Church historian since 1911.

The Church Historian's Office

Latterday Saints have been called a recordkeeping people, and the Church Historian's

Office (CHO) is the primary repository of information about the Church. Three persons,

well qualified from their years of service and training, participate in this interview: President Joseph Fielding Smith of the First Presidency, who has been Church Historian since

1921; A William Lund, assistant Church historian, who is celebrating his sixtieth year in

the CHO; and Earl E. Olson, assistant Church historian, who has been the spokesman for

all three on most of the questions.

Q. For about 138 years the Church Historian's miles southwest of Church headquarters. In the CHO

Office (CHO) has been gathering Church records we keep most of the manuscript histories, photographs, and collecting literature dealing with the Church. minutes from wards and, stakes, and so forth.

How much material has the CHO gathered up to now?

A. We have not inventoried our holdings since 1965, Q. How extensive is your collection of photographs,

but at that time we had 47,976 printed volumes, records, films, and paintings?

42,232 pamphlets, 9,007 positive rolls of microfilm, A. We have a large photographic collection, which

14,510 volumes of handwritten manuscripts, includcontinues to increase through our practice of obtaining 2,022 volumes of patriarchal blessings, 231,455 ing photographs of all stake presidencies and bishops.

minute books and records of members, and over one Our collection of paintings is not large, primarily bemillion individual papers, paintings, photographs, cause we have not taken any special steps to acquire tapes, phono discs, and other items. them. We have on phono discs all of the Church

general conference proceedings since April 1939, as

Q. Are you able to store all of this in the Church well as several talks given in the April 1936 conferOffice Building? ence. We now record the conferences on tapes and

A. No. About 40 percent of our materials, such as will shortly have transferred to tapes all of the conminute books and newspapers, are stored at our ference proceedings that were previously only on

vaults in the Salt Lake industrial complex, about five discs. We have the voices of all of the Church Presi34 Improvement Era

Earl E. Olson, assistant Church historian since 1965. Sian Morgan, customer services section, helps answer queries.

dents since and including President Joseph F. Smith, Q. How does a person know if he has something

whose voice was taken from a cylinder on which he of historical importance?

had dictated some letters. Also, we have an oral A. Ask us. We will be glad to give an opinion.

recorded testimony of Wilford Woodruff given in 1897. Q. Is the CHO designed to be used by members

of the Church?

Q. How do you acquire material for the CHO? A. Our first responsibility is to obtain Church records

A. We have several people who are responsible for so that they can be preserved. Our second responsiacquisition in three different fields: (1) the library bility is to make the records available for use and to

section—books, pamphlets, periodicals, newspapers, service the needs of members of the Church.

and other printed items; (2) the manuscript sectionhistories of stakes and missions, motion pictures, tapes, Q. How does the CHO service the needs of memdocuments, pictures, maps, and journal histories; bers of the Church?

(3) the written section—all minutes of the organiza- A. Many members need help in proving their births

tions of the Church. These librarians and archivists for social security, medicare, and insurance purposes.

analyze catalogs from book dealers and search other We assist members in completing their priesthood auchannels in order to keep abreast of materials in thority lines. Some persons have lost the copy of their

which we might be interested. patriarchal blessings and desire another copy. There is

a charge for two of these services: $1.00 for birth

Q. Could members of the Church help with record certificates and 25c for duplication of blessings. In

and manuscript acquisitions? addition, many members are interested in biographical

A. Yes. Some official records of the Church have material pertaining to their lives or the lives of family

remained in private hands. It would be helpful if all members, and many researchers, writers, scholars,

members realized that all minutes of Church organizaand students request help on theses, dissertations, artitions should be filed in Church archives. It would cles, books, or indepth reports.

also be helpful if members would place manuscripts, diaries, collections of important letters, printed ma- Q. Are nonmembers free to use the facilities of the

terials, and other Churchrelated items in this central CHO?

depository for the benefit of future researchers. A. Yes. We make no distinction between members

October 1968 35 and nonmembers as far as.the use of the librarybut are bound by past agreements. However, we hope

archives is concerned. that in time families will release many of the journals

for research. Also, we have a ruling that those per-

Q. How do you respond to the image of suppressons who are writing or who have written to discredit

sion of materials that in the past has been identithe Church are denied access to our facilities.

fied with research at CHO?

A. Certainly some researchers have been displeased Q. Are there types of records that are not available

because we have not made some of the records as to any researcher?

freely available as they would like. But many archives A. Yes—minutes of stake presidency, high council,

have problems in these areas. For example, certain and bishopric meetings, high council trials, or bishops'

original documents have to be restricted in usage trials. These and similar records involve personal status

because of their inherent value, age, or condition. of individuals that we feel researchers have no right to

Some of these original records have been microread. Our view is shared by others, even in business

filmed and can be seen on microfilm, but others have and industry. Many companies do not open their connot yet been microfilmed. So far we have done little fidential board of director minutes to researchers. One

microfilming of original documents and letters, and can understand the reasons for such a policy.

comparatively few diaries. As time and budget allow,

we will microfilm many of these in order that re- Q. Is the CHO the depository of all Church records?

searchers may read them. We have an additional A. No. We do not hold minutes of meetings of the

problem with personal journals. Years ago, journals First Presidency or of the Council of the Twelve. They

were filed with the understanding with the donors are filed in their own care. Also, we do not have some

that they would be made available only to descendants of the records of such Church departments as the of the writer. We try to avoid such agreements now, financial, building, and legal departments.—*-

The HEALTHFUL way can be a PLEASANT way Over a century of "Battle Creek

San"experience proves that proper diet, specialized hydrotherapy and professionally supervised exercise—all in a se-

—reneworkand wondersfriendly inatmosphererestoring

body, mind, and spirit.

Under the guidance of dedicated Christian physicians, nurses, and chaplains, you can be strengthened physically and spiritually for the pressures of today's busy world.

Will you give us the opportunity to prove it?

Write for details.

Battle Creek Sanitarium HOSPITAL HEALTH CENTER CLINIC 197 N. Washington Ave.. Battle Creek, Mich. 49016

(616) 9647121

36 Improvement Era Imagine! Lennox puts A singlepackage heating, cooling,

the comfort ventilatingyour home. systemOn a concretethat goespad.outsideOr on

inside.. theNoroof!inside flame. No chimney. No

inside space required.

All you get is Total Comfort!

Fresh, Living Air is warmed or cooled to fit the season. Humidified or wrung and the dry of dampness. Cleaned electronically. And circulated continuously. equipment The system (in larger capacities)

outside outsidecan offerair.100%Andventilationcool free withwhen

temperatures fall below 57 F.

It's a truly weatherproof system, with aluminized steel heat exchanger, an electric ignition system, and an insulated cabinet.

Available for homes in sizes as small as 2 tons cooling, and 80,000

Btuh heating.

And for commercial installations in sizes up to 22 tons cooling, 500,000

Btuh heating.

Gas or oil heating. Electric cooling.

For homes, apartments, schools, churches, offices, and other buildings.

For information, write Lennox Industries Inc., 410 South 12th Ave.,

Marshalltown, Iowa 50158.

LENNOX

AIR CONDITIONING - HEATING

October 1968 37 Dean C. Jessee, chief archivist cataloguer, assists scholars. Fern Scott, written records cataloguer, views old minute books.

Q. Have you cataloged all items and materials in items will never be known until new discoveries are

the CHO? made by others to correlate certain relationships.

A. For many years we operated with a shortage of

personnel, and many items went uncataloged. Also, Q. How do you cope with record keeping in a multimany boxes were stored in the basement from the days lingual Church?

when the CHO was moved to the Church Office A. Minute books and records of stakes, wards, and

Building in 1917. But we have undertaken a vast missions are usually recorded in the language of the

recataloging program. A new library classification country. We do not have personnel at the CHO who

system for Mormon collections has been developed, read all the languages of the Church, but we are able and we have found it sufficiently useful that we are to recognize the type of record—or request assistance

recataloging all of our printed material. We have from the Translation Department—so we can process

completed several sections, but the library section the records. Researchers wanting to use such records

may take another five years to complete. It is a would have to know the language in order to use

tremendously difficult task to recatalog an archive them.

and library with as much material as we have. This

recataloging should help researchers in their studies, Q. How do you acquire materials about the Church

and it has helped us in our filing and storing proin nonEnglish-speaking countries?

cedures. A. Priesthood leadership throughout the world is

Obviously, the significance of any item we store urged to forward materials pertaining to the Church.

may not be known until something connected with it We rely on local Church leaders in this aspect of our is uncovered, such as the papyri rediscovery, for work.

example. The rediscovery of the papyri reminded us

of the papyrus fragment that we have had all along in Q. In a world that is seeing a rapid spread of the

the CHO. Our role is to process records, catalog gospel and also witnessing a communications media

them, and store them—not to research them, interpret explosion, will the CHO be able to store all literature

them, or for that matter to even read them. We read related to the Church?

comparatively little of that which comes even in A. We presume that in time we will microfilm at

English. I suppose the true significance of many least some of the minutes of Church organizations.

38 Improvement Era Written records section houses thousands of auxiliary reports. Thomas G. Truitt, acquisitions supervisor, directs purchases.

Beyond that, we do not foresee any problems in the someone appointed to keep records, and we are under immediate future. We have sufficient space availthe same commandment. One of the first commandable for some years yet. ments given to the Prophet Joseph Smith was that a

record should be kept, and that Oliver Cowdery should

Q. The CHO certainly contains the greatest single assist him with it.

source of materials about the Church. Are other outstanding collections also available? Q. How extensively should CHO records be used?

A. Yes. The Brigham Young University has a fine A. A record is of no use if it isn't used. Historical

collection of diaries and documents. The Utah State records are beneficial to all people, and the doctrinal

Historical Society has many valuable historical items records are a blessing to all mankind.

pertaining to Utah and members of the Church. The

Daughters of the Utah Pioneers Museum has a fine Q. Brother Lund, the assignment of the Journal

collection, as does the Salt Lake City Public Library. History has been viewed with major importance.

Other libraries that have important collections about What is the Journal History and how do you keep it?

the Church include the Huntington Library in San A. ( A. William Lund ) The Journal History is a dayMarino, California; Bancroft Library at the University byday record of events worthy of being recorded. It

of California at Berkeley; and Yale University Library is a daily journal that has been kept since 1830. Newsin New Haven, Connecticut. papers are clipped and pasted in the entry for each

day.

Q. President Smith, what is the purpose of the The Journal History is something peculiar to the

Historian's Office? Church, but it presents a remarkable survey of the

A. (President Joseph Fielding Smith) The Lord times and the progress of the kingdom of God in the

commanded in the very beginning, even from the days earth. It is a wonderful experience to be associated

of Adam, that a record be kept. It was a divine comwith this type of record keeping. It makes me appremandment from the Garden of Eden. Also, Book of ciate the work of our prophethistorians who wrote

Mormon history records that Lehi and his family were the books of the Bible and the Book of Mormon, Our not to go without records, so they went back to Jeruheritage, especially our historical or recordkeeping salem to obtain them. The Lord has always had heritage, truly is unique and inspiring. O

October 1968 39 Two important considerations ride on our new

Amoco Radial Oval Tires.

Your family. And our reputation.

That's why we sell a tire like this new Amoco 120 SS Radial

Oval. It puts 6 plies between you and the road. And 2 million

road miles have proved it gives you twice the mileage and three times the body strength of most new car tires.

Traction? This is the world's first wide oval radial ply tire. Its tread

grooves stay open to grip the road as a tire has never gripped before.

What else? It's even reversible. Gives you a red stripe en one side, dual

white on the other.

And for all that, you can even buy it with your American Oil Credit

Card and use our new revolving charge plan.

"You expect more from American and you get it."* And tires

are no exception.

When you buy a tire from us,we both live with it

Marion D. Hanks, Editor Elaine Cannon, Ass

From the crew's crow's nest, the crowd stretches endlessly.

ThePageant All is still. Everything is dark. Suddenly at the top of the Hill

Cumorah a light appears, and in the light a figure representing the resurrected Christ descends to earth. This most dramatic finale to the Hill

Cumorah Pageant thrillingly concludes the story of Christ's ministry in the New World.

The thought of the Savior on this sacred hill, and all of us at his feet in a pure attitude of worship, brought to mind a scripture: "Who

shall ascend unto the hill of the Lord?... He that hath clean hands,

and a pure heart...."(Ps. 24:3-4.) Of such is the caliber of the cast

Missionaries make many friends presenting scenes of Christ's ministry in the western hemisphere.

among crowd before pageant time. Those of us who ascended unto this hill of the Lord, believing, came

away fed and blessed and strengthened in our resolves in the gospel.

Those who were strangers to the principles Christ taught, or to the program of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, were awakened to the incredible sweetness in the life and message of the Savior. Together we participated in a most remarkable religious experience. This

seems to be a significant thing about the pageant.

Oh, it's good entertainment. Young and old alike are spellbound at

the battles and the scenes of destruction, thrilled at the mood created by the portrayal of the nativity, sobered to hear King Benjamin's address.

Crawford Gates'musical score is deeply moving and descriptive. The

visual effects, the costumes, the characterizations add to the total impact.

SmithKitchen at old Joseph home The lessons of the Book of Mormon hit home. Night after night the solid

visitors. fascinatesnear Palmyra

lanes of traffic creep into the quiet countryside for hours at a time before the production begins. People perch on trailer tops, boxes, ladders. They

picnic on blankets until starting time. That it is a success is obvious.

"But why the pageant?"people ask. "Such a fantastic undertaking!"

"What beautiful young people!""I've never been so moved in all of

my life!"they exclaim. And before and after the pageant they eagerly

buy the copies of the Book of Mormon being offered by these "beautiful young people."*"*"

Elders Ross Bishop, Scott Potter pause to visit with Lorna Lee of Rigby, Idaho.

Mrs. Mr. and Harper Wallace, Salt City, Lake Debby Remley and take Ruth Ludlow time Crew in praise deserve members who for work

conduct tour of group to Hawaiians to beside pose pageant. scenery ship. of Lehi's included pageant Finch, Bruce Powell. Glade

<t I'll always remember what and fear sweep through her44

President Bankhead said as he being, one girl took me a little set the atmosphere and point of way into the trees and with tearemphasis for the upcoming two filled eyes pleaded, "Pray for me.

weeks: "Put the Mormon Church Just pray for me."

in the back of your mind for a time, and ask the people, 'What "At two o'clock in the morning do you know about Christ? we of the work crews were still

Would you like to know moreV "manning the light towers, trying to perfect the effect desired as

We spent a week studying, memsponsibilitiesCumorah Missionduringeldersthe havepageantheavyweek.reAbinadi burned at the stake.''

orizing, practicing, and praying to learn how to present this UA group of ten or 12 of us question in such a way that the gathered on Sunday to sing answer to the latter question hymns together and to get to would be yes, and we could place know better the deeper, spiritual copies of the Book of Mormon side of each other."

into the hands of those who atBy Thursday of the first week tend the pageant."

the five or six scriptures for memorization each day, plus "It was 5:30 Saturday evening four Book of Mormon concepts

in the Sacred Grove, and time to to be learned as the background leave that sacred spot for the last for approaches, had overwhelmedtime. Three of us read together Donna Pond, Carma Prescott, and Linda most of us. We realized how

a few scriptures we had learned Gender take time for some recreation. little we knew about the Book of

to love that week; and then, findMormon. Humbled by an awareing a secluded spot, we knelt in ness of our weaknesses, we then

prayer, each asking that the turned to the Lord to ask in real spirit of love, dedication, and sincerity for his help."

testimony might endure long after our pageant experience. u The evening meetings of the WW

first week gave us the chance to

Feeling a surge of frustration hear the testimonies of converts,-*-

Fiveyear-old Kimberly Reeder escorts two visitors'down path at Hill Cumorah.

October 1968 43 Debby Remley, Schenectady, N. Y., Harley Remley, 13, learns from Elder Don

waits near scenery for her cue. Coombs, who plays Moroni in the pageant.

The pageant is a missionary effort, and cast and crew, director

Harold I. Hansen and technicians Paul Evans and Richard Welch, Cumorah

Mission president Reid Bankhead, Cumorah Stake president Bryant Rossiter, and associate manager Don Brererton agree that the tremendous effort is well worth it when there is such evidence that lives are changed.

This is a production you can watch free of charge, but you must pay to be in it! Lodging for volunteer participants is furnished by townspeople, most of whom are not members of the Church. Meals were served

on arrangement in the Cumorah Ward and in the basement of the First

Presbyterian Church.

But it's fun! Young people plan their summer schedules around

the hope of being accepted as pageant participants. Families schedule

their vacations to meet the pageant dates. Whole families trek to the

Ruth Ludlow (left) tries on cosHill Cumorah and spend their year's vacation preparing and proselyting tume, while Linda Newland ushers. and performing. All who are connected with the pageant keep mission

standards in dress, behavior, attitude, and schedule.

There are rehearsals each night of the week before the public performances. But during the day cast members are divided into study

groups led by the fulltime missionaries of the Cumorah Mission. There

the Book of Mormon is studied, missionary lessons are learned, scriptures are memorized, and truths are applied. Testimony meetings, held every

morning in the Sacred Grove where the PropTiet Joseph Smith had his first vision, are lifechanging occasions. Participants have gospel discussions with nonmembers in the audience before show time. They take

countless photos and exchange autographs. They make friends from far

. theDonna Gray and Diana Robertson, places. They take in the scenic sights, the historical points..

both of Idaho; Linda Lang, NevPeter Whitmer farm at Fayette where the Church was organized over

ada; and Lorna Ellgen, Colorado. 100 years ago... the Martin Harris farm that was mortgaged so the.t/i

first Book of Mormon could be published... the Smith family home,

which is so charmingly restored and but a short walk from the Sacred

Grove... the Hill Cumorah itself, where Moroni hid the golden plates

in ancient days.

So another pilgrimage to this special place is over.

Elsewhere in this section are comments from the young students themselves who participated in this tremendous undertaking. O

Sharon Christensen, Kathleen Burke, Jeanne

Jarrard, Patricia Wood meet for breakfast.

Era of Youth:'m

Preparing breakfast is Nancy Shawna Clayson of Mexico, New York, and Eileen Waldron Participants from the East greet those from

Wilson, Midwest City, Okla. of Logan, Utah, span continent in friendship at pageant. the West, who journeyed to pageant by bus.

most of whom had been conwalk—too excited about the converted within the past year. We versation just terminated, too

felt their spirit and heard of the enthusiastic about the possibility changes in their lives. Some of of sharing the message of Christ

them had been contacted for the with other wonderful people.

first time by pageant participants of past years.""Why couldn't I have thought

of that last night!"exclaimed

aMy heart leaped as tears came one sister as a missionary exinto the eyes of a pageant visitor plained how a rather difficult who heard my testimony when I question could be answered."

presented him with a copy of the uJust as I was to enter the

Book of Mormon."welcomeNew YorkersUtah LorraineperformerRich,GeneiveEtta Potter.Smith light for my scene, I was enveloped by the Spirit of the Lord,

As the pageant proceeded, and at that moment I came to small groups of us huddled in the know the Savior, that he lives dark on both sides of the stage and loves me.

to share the experiences gained that evening while placing copies "An elder comforted a. disapof the Book of Mormon."pointed sister when a family

failed to accept her message and

We had shared spiritual experibuy a Book of Mormon. "Not. all

ences before, but here they took people are yet willing to receive place all day, every day, for two a witness of the Spirit. It takes a

weeks. We had no other goal but receptive heart on the part of the

to study the gospel and seek to be listener as well,"she was told.

close to the Spirit to Hales takes time meditate with all our Wayne in u Thoughts of home and familyheart, mind, and strength."Grove. of surroundings peaceful Sacred

were far from our minds as we "One could see young ladies two sisters sat during supper running to the booths on the side practicing dialogues on each of the seating area to purchase other: "Be an agnostic this time

-more copies of the Book of Morand let me see if I can place a mon. They were too excited to book with you."99

Rallying 'round flag are Marily Trapnell, California;

RaNae Field, Idaho; Roena Pollard, Colorado; Ellen

Spencer, Idaho; Diana Alldredge, Arizona.

October 1968 45 Soloist performs in concert for

Exceptional Children's Week.

In scene from "The Ugly Duckling"(left), BYU students (standing) help training school students (in wheelchairs).

Young people everywhere are seeking life's purpose. Most of them want to be useful, to perform a service, to feel needed. Recently, a handful of students found what they were looking

for. Through their efforts, the shroud of fear

and doubt regarding the intellectually handicapped has begun to dissolve.

Two years ago, two young men, both in search of a purpose in life, were persuaded to visit the

Utah State Training School at American Fork.

What Larry Parks and Dustin Carsey found there were children who had the basic need of being loved, the same as normal children—except these

individuals knew how to give an exceptional

Christlike love. They knew no enemies, but had

too few friends.

It was an instant love affair between Larry,

Dusty, and these young people. Both men were

called to be officers in the MIA at the school, and both spent their Sunday afternoons there.

Soon they realized how badly most of these youths wanted to learn, and they were awed by their ambition. Although Dusty and Larry were

not certified teachers, they shared their knowledge and were amazed to find that some had beautiful singing voices, some had a good sense of rhythm, some read well, and they all had a good sense of humor. They were talented!

Despite their obvious handicaps, they could perform with the best of the troopers. President

Hugh B. Brown recently remarked during the

Era of Youth Dustin Carsey and Larry Parks, left, and Carol Anne Schuster.

Is A Dream

By Dona Gregory Not Enough

dedication of a new chapel at the school, "I have production from scene to scene on the stage.

never seen a man or woman who, in some respect, Not only did it work, but the performance was was not my superior."performed before standingroom-only crowds,

One youngster who was confined to a wheelconcluding with few dry eyes.

chair asked if someday perhaps they could do a With the success of The Ugly Duckling came play. This presented no small problem for Dusty, the inspiration for Exceptional Children's Week

as most of those who wanted to participate were at Brigham Young University.

in wheelchairs, and some could not speak very Carol Anne Schuster, a talented Jewish convert well. But they all understood, and they all to the Church, also was trying to find meaning

wanted to give and be received by those who led in her life. She had tried a career in professional

normal lives in a world different from their own. nursing in New York City. Deciding that it was

To have others see these children as Dusty a wrong choice for her, she came to BYU as a and Larry saw them became a, dream. To have speechdramatic arts major. She had nearly deothers see their talent, love, and appreciation cided to give this up too when she discovered

seemed as insurmountable as moving the Empire Dusty, Larry, and those people whose handicaps

State Building with a toothpick for leverage! leave them in the land of nevergrow-up.

Then one afternoon Tamara Fowler, a promiPutting all of her talent in this direction, she nent young woman in the dramatic arts departwrote and directed the concert for Exceptional ment at Brigham Young University, suggested Children's Week—a concert made up of nearly

that the play The Ugly Duckling be presented 175 handicapped children throughout the state of by the children from the school in the experimental Utah, with a children's choir, individual vocalists, theater at the university. and a rhythm band.

Between Dusty and Tamara, the idea developed After the performance members of the audiof making a prerecorded tape, using students ence swarmed backstage to congratulate the from BYU so that the children would only have youngsters—not out of pity, but out of sincere

to move their mouths to the dialogue. Then, for gratitude for being shown a new, bright side of the

those in wheelchairs, Dusty, Tamara, Larry, and intellectually handicapped.

some additional colleagues would dress in inconToday, what started out to be a dream has spicuous dark robes (so that the children, dressed partially become a reality because a handful of in brightly colored costumes, would be the center people cared enough to work and make it come of attention) and wheel the real "stars"of the true. O

October 1968 47 Apples are for polishing. Balls are foi

They're peoplepleasers. singalongr

So are kind looks and gengames. Peoj

tle phrases. get around

Girls are for loving others.

Boys are for leading Hearts and hearths and others. When the twain hands and houses are

is twisted the "system"nicest when they're warm 1

Fun is for having. suffers. and ivelcoming. Ideas are J

Noises are for listening to—

like night birds and night Obedience is for teens who locks, anthems, foghorns, want to honor their paris for peoj canoe paddles, toe tappers, ents, that their days may and pattern and the intricate idiom of be long on the land that give deligh new music. the Lord has given them. differences.

f Watchingones—watchis

Understanding is for trying ters, fashio?

times. It's for parents and your step.

children and teachers and Virtue is indeed its own watching yc

Truth is for telling. everyone. reward. out!

Clocks are for ticking and * bouncing in tocking. Some people are Doing is what comes naturEyes are for eyeing the beauand volley like clocks—they make ally to those who have ties about—like the eyes

lie with bounce things tick with their boned up on gracious beof a friend and dew in the more, too. talking. havior already. dawn.

Jobs are for finishing well—Love is to give and to take at

school jobs, church jobs, Kisses are for keeping until the right time in the right hr getting. job jobs, home jobs. the real thing comes along. way.

Smiles are for sharing.

lie and places Remembering is for lonely Smiles are for spreading s of living that nights in one's own wildersunshine. Smiles are for

t in all their ness. It's sweeter when making anyone better

Quiet is for savoring. memories are memorable. looking.

or the smart ing paceset- i trends, and Someone is X marks the spot where you Zzzzzz makes you sleepy. But

w, too. Look are. Where do you go Youth is for having once in are you going to zzzz your

from here? a lifetime. Cherish it. life away?

Smokers think smoking is a

A human being undergoes a One day he is a normal member strange, unconscious of humanity, fully aware metamorphosis when he becomes and conscious of his training, a smoker. He develops his privileges, and his obligations

a dual personality, the two parts in society.

of which are quite incompatible. He is considerate of others,

By Keith E. MontagueHI Illustrated by Jerry Thompson

Era of Youth personal habit, but it isn't—it's a public habit.

courteous to friend and stranger even though he may be the smokes? How complete

alike, anxious to do whatever only one smoking in a group of his change has been!

he can in every situation to people. The fact that

make life pleasant. the clothes of all the others If he is a salesman, he knows

would have remained fresh better than to blow smoke

He is embarrassed if he causes but for his smoking in your face, of course. But

any discomfort, chagrined concerns him not in the least. as he speaks and his breath

if he is guilty of the slightest He is a smoker. It doesn't reaches you, you think it

oversight, displeased by any occur to him that his might be less unpleasant if display of selfishness. desire to smoke in any situation it were smoke.

should be regarded as He is the finely polished, inconsiderate. If the smoker were to give a

carefully nurtured product of all moment's clear thought, he man's centuries of learning His pleasure in smoking gives would realize that it is quite to live together. him complete freedom to foolish to ask a nonsmoker

disregard all other occupants in if he minds his having a

Then suddenly he becomes a an automobile, a bus, or a smoke. If the nonsmoker liked

smoker. plane. Before he became a smoke and its effects, he

smoker, he would have would be a smoker. The

He continues to feel like the wanted to be considerate of reassurance given the smoker same feels even one or two persons in and the encouragement to person—possibly

that he has acquired some a crowd. As a smoker, especially go ahead is never anything more

indefinable additional suavityif there are other smokers than a courteous acquiescence but begins to act like a present, he is perfectly to another unpleasant interlude.

totally different being. willing to forget about the

few people around him who find Yes, a human being undergoes

His pleasures in smoking, or smokesaturated air less a strange metamorphosis smoke—orhis desire oranyhis combinationneed to of pleasant than clean air. whenHe pointshe becomesaccusinglya smoker.at

will go on, day after day, nonsmokers; calls them the three—take precedence over He

any consideration or restraint year after year, subjecting those selfrighteous, intolerant, that has been a part of around him in the office selfish; has convinced

his culture to that time. where he works to breathing himself that they (who are

stale, smoky air, to wearing home doing nothing to foul

It justifies his sitting at a each day clothes permeated the air he breathes, to saturate table with a cigarette burning in by the same distasteful his clothes with a stale, his hand even though the odor. Yes, probably some of smoky odor, to make him

smoke may be drifting up the others smoke, too. But personally uncomfortable) are

steadily into the face of a friend there was a time when he at fault. He is two people

who does not smoke. would have taken pride in being one with a rich background in

thoughtful of those who courtesy and consideration,

It makes it perfectly permissible don't. His attitude now: If they the other content to indulge his

for him to make the air don't like it, why don't desire to smoke with complete in a room foul and unpleasant, they get a job where no one disregard for others.

October 1968 51 On Scene with the Editors

DENVER, COLORADO... Marlene Gay Mulhausen is a 14year-

old with stars in her eyes and money in her pocket, thanks to a writing talent. She won first prize

in the National Scholastic Writing

Contest. First place in the whole

United States for this fine Mormon girl is truly something to praise.

She is the daughter of Mr. and

Mrs. Roy P. Mulhausen.

HHBi PAPEETE, TAHITI... Elder Steven Bunderson, mission MIA

Scott Anderson and Elder Russell superintendent, conducted special

Osguthorpe staged Elaine Canmeetings that rounded out a lively non's Seminar for Sallies in time of skits, workshops, games,

French, with Polynesian youth and dancing. Can you imagine

coming from the outer islands to arriving a week before the conlearn lessons in grooming, beference and staying for weeks CIUDAD JARDIN, BOGOTA...

havior, and attitude. Simplet and after (finding jobs to earn money MIA festival proved to be a wonSimplette showed how not to do to live in the interim) because the derful way for Church members

things. Youth from Tubuai gave boats to the islands were so ircoming from far places to make

a concert recitation of the "Code regular? The Tubuai youth had friends. Pictured on the scene are

of Living,"which is a pledge to to plan on earning extra money Elders Jorgensen and Messury, keep the Word of Wisdom. Presito keep them the extra time, but Anna Vargas, and Fabio Clavijo,

dent Karl M. Richards and Elder what a special experience it was. Bogota, Colombia, South America.

52 Era of Youth PARK STAKE, SALT LAKE CITY Pace, Regional Representative of... Dedicated service and the enthe Twelve, with a party that took

thusiasm of stake leaders were the form of a Hawaiian luau.

qualities that prompted M Men Everyone came in costume and reand Gleaners to turn the tables ceived a lei and a supper of auand surprise stake presidency, thentic native food. Ken Peterson

MIA executives, and Raymond J. was in charge of promotion.

BOISE, IDAHO 'It's really of graduation when the course was fun to do genealogy work,"said over. Bishop Ted C. Peck said,

Gary Pratt, secretary of the priests "The class has fostered greater quorum of Boise 11th Ward. A spirituality in youth than any other

genealogical workshop for the program we have sponsored in a ward youth, called "Genealogy long while."Pictured: Gary Pratt,

FUNshop Class,"was held each Sherma Clark, Jolene Warnick,

Sunday night following sacrament Kay Ridgeway, Kathleen Rouse, meeting. Seventytwo youths atCraig Saunders, Jolene Dayton,

tended and 69 received certificates Lillian Closner, Dennis Lind.

October 1968 53 WASHINGTON, D. C.... "Freeand as far south as Richmond, battlefields in Gettysburg, a

dom Through Service"was the Virginia, for a variety of inspiring dinnerdance, and a sunrise sertheme of a special threeday conand entertaining activities, includvice. Speakers included Elder

ference for servicemen and M Men ing a commemorative service for Boyd K. Packer, Assistant to the

and Gleaners in the Nation's those who have served and died Council of the Twelve, Brig. GenCapitol. They came from as far in defense of freedom. The proeral Spencer Hunn, and Lt. Col.

north as Boston, Massachusetts, gram also included a tour of Allen C. Rozsa, Vietnam hero.

WELLINGTON, NEW ZEALAND... Over 300 students and their

leaders streamed into Wellington,

New Zealand, for a memorable weekend. Commencing with a

beach cookout, the program included a testimony meeting, talent shows, instructions in charm, karate lessons, concert by a celebrated pianist, miniature Olympics, dinnerdance, and a spiritual meeting. William Campbell is

president of the Wellington Stake.

54 Era of Youth PAIA, MAUI, HAWAIIAN ISSANTIAGO, CHILE... South

LANDS... Douglas Kehele Apo Americans in the Santiago region

has been awarded an honor merit have enjoyed meeting a getaround appointment to the United States girl named Renate Fassman. She's

Military Academy at West Point. a 17year-old Mormon who was

He received the highest honors in born in East Germany and moved scholarship ever to be earned from to America, where she has been the Kamehameha Schools AssociaYWMIA secretary in New York.

tion of Maui. He has won the top She has spent the past few months

ratings of ROTC, and was an exin Chile as an exchange student, change student to Saratoga High doing her own kind of public reSchool, Saratoga, California. lations for brotherhood between

... The Nanations. MOSCOW, IDAHO

tional Association for Retarded

Children sponsors a youth group composed of some 300 young students in high schools in the state of Idaho. Two LDS girls were

elected to office in the statewide organizational meetings. They are

Bonnie Madsen of Idaho Falls, a freshman at Ricks College, and

Diane Jean Cardwell of Twin Falls, a junior high school student who enjoys music and drama.

Youth Writing Contest LONG BEACH, CALIFORNIA... Beach, California. It was a weekTraveling from Henefer, Utah, to long campout and a choice experithe Salt Lake Valley, pushing and ence for all. Brief stops where Deadline:

pulling handcarts just as the origdramatic pioneer history happened inal pioneers did, was a reallife heightened the girls'appreciation December 31,1968 adventure for MIA girls from Long of their brave ancestors.

October 1968 55 "LIVES THAT STAND iNSPECTlON'series

I Ready forYou Am By Marion D. Hanks

He wasn't sure where the idea had come from, but somehow the young man felt that if he could be alone in God's great outdoors and try to talk to his Heavenly Father, it would help. That's why he found himself standing in the grove of trees that early

morning, looking up and saying what he did. His earthly father was not religiously

inclined, and his mother had not forced the situation. The family therefore had had

little formal religious experience or instruction, but the idea of praying for help had come to him, and he was trying.

His troubles were not abnormal, but they were serious. He had quit school and

was associating with a group of companions who didn't really represent the kind of man he wanted to be. His work was unpromising, his habits questionable, and his

future becoming more a concern to him daily. He really felt he needed some help, and

he didn't know where to turn. Thus the idea of praying had occurred to him, and he

had set out to do it, going outside his small western town to a nearby wooded area.

As he stood there that morning, the young man looked up and talked to the Lord.

His message was simple, but to hear it as he described it several years later on an airplane flying over the forests of Vietnam was electrifying.

"I just looked up,"he explained softly, "and said to the Lord: 'God, I am ready

for you if you are ready for me.'"

There was no startling response, oral or visual. He saw nothing and heard no

voice. There was only the utter quiet of the breezeless morning and the beating of his

own heart. Yet he went away knowing that he had been heard, somehow deeply

assured that the answer would be forthcoming.

When he sat behind the bus driver on his way to town that morning, he got the first phase of his answer. The man said to him, "Son, I believe you are looking for

something that I can help you find."Thus started the conversation that ultimately

resulted in the young man's acceptance of Jesus Christ and his restored Church, and that changed his life completely.

The corporal had discovered, when he was a 16year-old boy, that God was ready for him. From that moment life had taken on a great meaning that activated him and

exuded from him in goodness and strength as he walked and worked with humble dignity among his fellows. o

56 Era of Youth Rapidmix. It's easy It's quick.

Only one word describes Fleisehmann's new Rapidmix way to easy yeast baking.

Revolutionary! No more: dissolving the

yeast, worrying about water temperature, -warming the bowl. Just add Fleisehmann's

Yeast to your other dry ingredients and bake away. The results? Sensational

For exciting baking ideas: just send 25 cents in cash to cover mailing and handling to Fleisehmann's Treasury of Yeast Baking, Box 39F, Mount Vernon, New York 10559

Today's Family

By Florence B. Pinnock

YourVeryOwnVote Political arguments take place on has potentially more women voters for the first Woman's Rights Conevery level of human living. A sixthan men, but even in an important vention, and a most daring proposiyear-old boy was heard to say, presidential year many more men tion came from it: "It is the duty

"Only daddies vote; mothers stay than women actually vote. It is up of the women of this country to

home and fix breakfast."Too many to women to correct this situation. secure to themselves their sacred

women do just this. It is easier to Women have a great deal to right to the election franchise."

remain at home and prepare breakgain by voting. The domestic Then in 1869, after the Civil War,

fast and forget about voting than issues in any election involve the the women again banded together, to take a few minutes to go to the family, home, health, welfare, and and both the National Woman polls. schools. A mother wants good, Suffrage Association and the

Voting hours differ from state moral men to make and enforce American Woman Suffrage Assoto state, but in most states there the laws. She wants a senator, a ciation were founded.

are at least 12 hours in which to governor, a mayor who believe in Six years later, in 1875, Susan vote, and mothers need not take the sanctity of the home. She B. Anthony drew up the amendhousekeeping so seriously that they wants statesmen—not politicians—ment: "The right of citizens of the

can't find time to vote. Women to decide the many vital issues in United States to vote shall not be

must take local, state, and federal this disturbed world. She wants denied or abridged by the United

housekeeping seriously if this world wise, selfless men to run her town States or by any State on account is to be cleaned up. Politics is not and her country. Women must beof sex."This is the exact wording

just a man's world; it needs a come involved if there is to be of the Nineteenth Amendment as

woman's heart, and a mother must peace. it was finally added to the Concare about who is to run her town It is a sobering thought that stitution 45 years later. It was in

and her country. And since a nearly every citizen of the United January 1918 that the House passed

child's future is tied up in his parStates over 21 years of age has his the woman suffrage amendment ents'vote, it is important that both very own vote. Consider the reacwith just one vote. over the required

father and mother go to the polls. tion, however, if the franchise were twothirds. It took until June 4,

There can be a strong feminine to be taken from women: How 1919, for the Senate to pass this

influence in politics if each woman would they feel if in this evening's amendment. Before that time only

cares enough to vote. All women paper there was an edict that no 15 states offered full suffrage.

don't vote the same, any more than woman would be allowed to vote The West can be proud of its men do. However, it is possible this year? All would be enraged. leadership in the suffrage movefor a woman to study the issues, Yet year after year many of them ment. Wyoming took the lead in

draw her own conclusions, and never bother to exercise their 1869, and 14 states followed: Colothen vote at the polls, where she franchise. rado, 1893; Idaho, 1896; Utah, 1896;

can cast her vote thoughtfully and Women gathered together in Washington, 1910; California, 1911;

feel involved and alive. America 1848 in Seneca Falls, New York, Kansas, 1912; Oregon, 1912; Ari58 Improvement Era

zona, 1912; Montana, 1914; Nevada, slaw. Eggplant is a versatile fall Cook the eggplant in boiling salted

water until just tender. Brown meat,

1914; New York, 1917; Michigan, vegetable. It can be combined add onion and green pepper, and cook

1918; Oklahoma, 1918; and South with other vegetables, meat, cheese, until limp but not brown. Drain cooked

eggplant; combine all ingredients exDakota, 1918. and fish to add nutriment to the cept bread crumbs in a buttered casForty-eight years ago, on August dinner table. Corn, peppers, squash, serole. Top with buttered crumbs and

26, 1920, all women citizens of the turnips, and on and on—there is an sprinkleBake at 350lightlyF. withfor 30Parmesanminutes. cheese.

United States were given the priviendless parade of vegetables, all lege to vote. Today, almost half a bodybuilding, delicious products Cheese Potato Puffs

century later, many women have of autumn. Try converting all this 3 cups potato flakes

fallen asleep to their duty. An richness into appetizing menus for % cup shredded Cheddar cheese

alarm clock should be set for this your family. Thirtyone days has SaltDashtooftastecayenne pepper

November in every home. It is October in which to experiment 1 egg, slightly beaten

time to manifest our gratefulness with at least 31 different vegetable V4 cup melted butter to the early women suffrage leaders dishes. Prepare 4 servings mashed potatoes as

and go to the polls. todirected1 cup.on Stirpackage,in cheesedecreasingand seasonwater

Politics is not an activity to run Celery Casserole ings. Form into 50 balls. Dip in egg,

away from: the young, the middle (10 servings) then(aboutin 1 remainingcup). Sautedry inpotatobutter flakesuntil

aged, and the elderly should all be golden brown. Serve hot.

involved. I know of one 82year- 41 heapingcup slicedcupsmushroomschopped celery Dilly Cauliflower

sliced election chestnuts, at water time 1 can whoold woman (6 servings) 1 pimientos can sheinquired could do to help what 1 of chicken undiluted cream can and found herself phoning consoup 1 medium cauliflower stituents and stuffing envelopes y3 cupbutterslivered almonds, toasted in 11 tablespooncup sour creambutter for the candidate of her choice. y2 cup bread crumbs Paprika1 teaspoon dill seed

On election day she walked three Steam the celery in a little salted water blocks down a hill to vote, and until crisply tender. Drain and place in Separate cauliflower into flowerets;

afterwards climbed back to her rooms,buttered pimiento,casserole.and Addwaterthechestnutsmushandplace cookin a smalluntil amountcrisply oftender.boiling waterMelt

home. It was her last public act. to the chicken soup. Pour over the butter; add sour cream and dill seed.

She truly involved herself to the celerybread crumbsand sprinkleand almondsthe top mixedwith thetoCookcaulifloweruntil justhot, beforebut doserving.not boil.SprinkleAdd

end. gether. Bake at 350 F. until bubbly with paprika.

Never have the stakes been so and golden brown. Cucumbers in Sour Cream

high and the dangers so great. If Ellis's ChickenRice Casserole

sliced and peeled cucumbers cups 2 good,tomorrow is to be women servings) all (8 salt teaspoon y2 this involve themworldover must sour cream cup y2 Polish 1 sausage pound vinegar 2 teaspoons right leaders theselves in choosing rice, 1 raw cup sugar teaspoon y2today. with rice 1 chicken soup can instant onion minced 2 teaspoons

pepper, chopped cup green dill weed Y2 y2 teaspoon onion, 1 small Chopped TABLE TEMPTERS cayenne pepper Dash 1 cup celery, diced Cracked black pepper water 4 cups of the storehouse is the October

Salt to taste pepper and sprinkle slices in bowl; Place cucumber grains, vegetables,harvest. Fresh Polish frozen sausage Cut water. with salt cold into slices. with and cover

all grease. drain of and ComBrown well. drain Refrigerate minutes; 30 fruits in are abundance, andand

in all casserole. ingredients put bine and ingredients with remaining Combine vitawith laden F. inour tables can for 375 be a bake oven Cover and 1 lightly. Chill at least hour toss and

rice until tender. or minutes about 45 serving. before nutrition Formins and minerals.

if with needed.) water (Add isTop more

for taste, useand also potato quantities of crushed chips and brown with Buttermilk Coleslaw casserole uncovered. fruits.fresh vegetables and (6 servings)

Celery can be baked, and in the Baked Eggplant doing a most delectable dish may (6 servings) y2 cup buttermilk be produced. Onions take on a y21 tablespooncup mayonnaisevinegar

1 eggplant, peeled and cubed prepared teaspoon mustard pie, dress in a cheese andnew to pounds ground iy2 beef y21 Worcestershire teaspoon sauce delight a potatoes pepper, becomemashed green chopped 1 seed teaspoon celery y21 1 large onion, chopped salt teaspoon appetizpuffs. tangy,as potato A cups canned tomatoes y2 1% paprika teaspoon y2 in relish ofing cucumbers paprika teaspoon is made cabbage cups shredded 4 y2

sour cream, and cabbage reaches Salt2 andtablespoonspepper tomincedtaste parsley Mix all ingredients together and toss gourmet heights in buttermilk coleiy2 cups buttered bread crumbs lightly. Chill and serve. O

October 1968 59 the LonffotxxSoumma of 1912

Part Three

Return of theMountainMen By Karl E. Young

Illustrated by Bill Whitaker After two weeks away from their homes, away two small groups from the mountain colonies of from their routines, and away from everything with Garcia and Pacheco decided to attempt probing trips which they were familiar, several men from the back into the home territory to reconnoiter. They

colonies in the lower valleys went back to Colonia felt that they must learn what had happened since

Juarez and Colonia Dublan. Then a short time later they left in order to arrive at sound decisions as to

60 Improvement Era... a wagon, piled high with furniture, coming down the road

from.,.Colonia Pacheco

what should be their next move from El Paso. A short distance farther on, in Hop Valley, they

The organization of these two small groups was saw a wagon, piled high with furniture, coming down not entirely spontaneous. John T. Whetten, the bishop the road from the direction of Colonia Pacheco. Alof Garcia Ward, was getting on in years and felt most immediately the wagon turned off the road

too old to lead such a trip back himself. But he toward a low Mexican house up against the hill. The

appointed his first counselor, Lester B. Farnsworth, driver, a Mexican, climbed down off his load and

as leader of the Garcia party and designated a handhurried toward the house, calling to those inside.

ful of men to accompany him. On August 21, thereBefore he had reached the door, a woman came out,

fore, Farnsworth, John C. Beecroft, J. B. Darton, Ernest carrying a cartridge belt with a pistol hanging in a

Nielsen, and Charles Whetten left El Paso on the holster. The Mexican walked on into the house,

train for Colonia Juarez. buckling the gun around his waist as he went. The

Colonia Juarez was not a ghost town. Bishop Garcia boys exchanged glances. No one needed to

Joseph C. Bentley had left his faithful Mexican tell them that this was a moocher who had been

helper, Cornelio Reyes, in charge of his home and raiding homes over in the Mormon colony.

property when he departed, and other citizens had "Pull up,"said Farnsworth. "We'll just engage him

likewise appointed local Mexicans to look after their in a little conversation."

places. Moreover, L. H. Spilsbury, a shrewd and They sat in their little rig while Farnsworth called

selfreliant man, had stayed behind when all the two or three times in a friendly tone of voice. At last

men slipped out of town in the night to answer the the Mexican came to the door and asked what they call of President Romney. wanted.

The reconnoitering committee from Garcia spent "We've been out of town for a short while,"said two days looking over Colonia Juarez and were conFarnsworth, "and we are just coming back to check siderably cheered by the fact that much less than they and see that everything is all right. We hope that

had anticipated had been disturbed in that comyou people have not been disturbed by rebels around munity. Of course, it was stripped of riding animals, here."

but even so, a friendly Mexican lent them a small "No, we haven't been disturbed."

pony, which had been passed up by rebel soldiers "Good. It would be a shame to have our peaceful

because it had a sore back. With this creature to way of life interrupted way off here in the mountains.

carry a little bedding, which they were able to rake By the way, where did you get the furniture? Did that

up, and a few provisions, the five men struck out come from Pacheco?"

for Garcia, 35 miles away in the mountains. "Yes, it came from there. I thought the people had

By nightfall of August 24 the group had reached all gone away for good and were not coming back."

the top of the San Diego Canyon, where they camped, "Well, I can see how you might have come to that and then the next day they walked on"to the small conclusion. But we are all coming back, and I would

ranch of Vincentio Lopez at Strawberry. Here they like to have you tell all the Mexican neighbors that

picked up a mule that belonged to John Beecroft. our intention is to return soon, if you will, please.

The travelers now had a team and joyfully hitched Then we would like all our things back that have been the little horse and mule together, being now able borrowed. Adios, amigo."

to ride. Turning the point at the junction of StrawAs the men drove on, they knew that they would

berry and Soldier canyons, they saw six armed Mexinever see a stick of furniture again once it had been cans run behind the bank of the creek. The Mexicans, carried off by looters. But if they could help even

however, soon held up a white flag. They proved to in a small way to prevent further looting, they

be a group of rebels under the leadership of Benigno intended to do so. Right now, however, it began to

Tarin, who claimed that they were going down to rain, and they crouched in their buckboard, eagerly

Pearson to seek amnesty at the hands of General Jose awaiting the end of their journey at Garcia. By the

de la Luz Blanco, who was in command of the federal time they reached the town, they were soaked and garrison. cold. It was a relief to get out of the rig and go take

October 1968 61.,.a herd of pigs came

scrambling out of the front door f grunting and squealing

a quick look inside houses and around yards as they worked up toward the middle of the community.

At first they saw no one nor any sign of life. But

presently Charles Whetten spotted some horses standing around the house of Aunt Lizzie MacDonald.

"Look,"he said. "We won't have to go afoot much

longer now, boys. There is a bunch of loose horses. A

couple of us can gather them in while the rest of you make camp."

"Good idea,"Nielsen said, jumping down over the wheel. "Come on. I'll go help you catch them. Besides, I've got the keys to Aunt Lizzie's house, and

I'd like to have a looksee before we go into camp."

But Farnsworth called to him: "Ern, come back a

minute, will you? I have a feeling that it would not

be wise to go in there right now. The horses might

mean that someone is already in the house. Let's make

camp first and look around a bit before we do that."

Nielsen climbed back into the buckboard, and they proceeded on to the Richard Farnsworth home, a sturdy adobe building near the center of town, where they unloaded their scant supplies and determined to spend the night. After they had made a fire and

started to prepare a meal, someone noticed that there was now a light in the MacDonald house.

"You had the right hunch about that, Lester,"said

Ernest. "I'm glad that I didn't try to go in there."

"I had a feeling about it,"answered Farnsworth.

"Besides, who wants to go around stirring things up on a mean, wet night like this, even if they are in our own people's houses? We wouldn't want to turn

them out in the rain, but they might get pretty ugly if they got the impression that we did. We can investigate the town tomorrow, and then go over and

see who is there."

Next morning they got up early and made a fire and heated some water. It was not hard to get up,

because there had been no beds and very scant bedding. As soon as the sun came up, they went outside to stand around in the sunshine and get warm

and look the town over. A short time later they saw

a Mexican come out of Aunt Lizzie's house and stand in the corner with his sarape wrapped around him.

"It looks like our guest was chilly, too,"said Ernest.

"Yes,"answered Farnsworth. "What do you say if

we go over there now and try to make friends with him? We'll leave these other fellows here at the house

to hold the fort while we walk over and try to be

Improvement Era

peacemakers. Let's see what we can do."elbow and looked at them and then got out of his

The MacDonald house was about two and a half blankets and followed Farnsworth and Nielsen as blocks distant, and as the men walked toward it, they they stepped over the sleeping forms or walked had a good opportunity to look the Mexican over rather around them in the attempt to have a look in all of carefully. He seemed to be a very large man. the rooms of the house. It was bare of furniture.

"I hope he doesn't start any ruckus,"said Ernest. Nothing was left that had made it habitable. As well

"I don't much like the looks of those big ones."as the observers could judge, there were three or four

Lester smiled. "The bigger they come—"men and two women lying on the floor in the various

"Yes, I know—the harder they fall."rooms.

But Nielsen knew that Farnsworth was thinking The man from outside and the one that arose inside of anything but fighting. He was figuring out how and followed close behind the two visitors everywhere

to break the ice with this hombre. He wanted to make they went kept uncomfortably near them, so close that

sure that the man would realize that they were not when Farnsworth occasionally took a glance back looking for a scrap but wanted to make friends. That over his shoulder, he found himself staring straight

was why he was walking in this leisurely, sauntering into the black eyes of the big man, eyes that neither fashion, as though he were out for a stroll, with blinked nor wavered. Lester could see nothing

nothing on his mind but enjoying the brilliant morning friendly in them, and therefore the visit was soon sunshine. over. The two Mormons said, "All right, thanks for

"Good morning. Beautiful day after the rain, isn't showing us around,"taking pains to be polite and to

it?"said Farnsworth, as they drew near the Mexican', avoid any show of displeasure at what they had

The latter did not want to acknowledge them. He said found. Then as they stepped outside, where there

no more than he had to, muttering a surly "Buenos was breathing space and elbowroom, Farnsworth tried dias."once more to make his position clear, one of owner-

"Senor, I do not have the pleasure of knowing your ship and yet of friendliness, name, but mine is Farnsworth, and this is Mr. Nielsen, "Now this house belongs to our people, but we are

my brotherin-law. We live in this town. That is my not going to disturb you here. We have just come

brother's house which we just left before coming over up to look around and see how things are. We will

this way. We stayed there last night. My house is up be in the town for a few days looking over the houses

the road just a piece. I ran that store in the lumber and fields and doing a little work. And we'll be seeing

building over yonder until about three weeks ago. each other around. So, adios, amigos."

And this house is Aunt Elizabeth MacDonald's. Mr. Then he and Nielsen turned and walked away.

Nielsen here is supposed to be looking after it. He For the next two or three days the men looked into

has the keys to it. houses in town, visited the fields to see what shape

"We have come back to take a look around the they were in, mended fences that had been torn down, town and see how things are going. Our people sent and got cattle out of the corn patches. From the very

us from El Paso because the homes are ours and we first, they visited the cache that Farnsworth and wanted to find out what condition they are in. So we Bishop Whetten had made before leaving Garcia. This

would like your permission to enter this house and Cache was especially useful to them now.

look around a little."Before the crisis had arisen in the colonies, Bishop

This polite request for permission to enter one of the John T. Whetten and Lester Farnsworth had been

colonists'own houses must have set the Mexican back operating a sawmill and a store together. When they

a few pegs, for he mumbled "Si,"and went over and learned that the rebels were beginning to cut the opened the door for Farnsworth and Nielsen. Then railroad lines, they bought up supplies in anticipation

he stood back and waited for them to go in. They of shortages. They put all of their money into stocks

did not know what to expect inside, feeling certain and had the shelves full when the trouble broke, there would be more Mexicans indoors, but not knowFeeling certain that the rebels would strip their store ing what their attitude would be. They wished that while they were gone, Farnsworth persuaded some of

this surly big fellow would precede them and make the men to help him haul goods off and make a known who they were and what their purpose was in cache.

visiting the house. But they were obliged to enter The site they selected was in a thick grove of trees

ahead of him. above Hiram Cluff's place at Garcia. The trees grew

Several Mexicans were lying on the floor asleep. so very thick here that a man could scarcely get

They were rolled up in their blankets and did not stir through them, and in the middle of the grove was a at the intrusion. One man, however, leaned on his space of about fourteen feet where a round, smooth

October 1968 63 rock pushed up a few inches above the ground. On this exploring the houses for food, had found these soft

rock they deposited sacks of flour, sugar, rice, beans, piles of crushed feathers to sleep in.

and other staples until they had a considerable store During their inspection of the town the men disof food there. It took a lot of grunting and sweating covered, much to their surprise and disappointment,

to get the sacks in, as it was necessary to crawl through that the dam that they had laboriously built for their the trees and snake the sacks in on the ground after reservoir up the creek had washed away. They could

them. The growth was so dense that no large hardly believe their eyes, as the structure had been

animal could possibly get in, and Farnsworth worked soundly and sturdily designed and executed. Later, a

a big, heavy canvas through, with which he covered friendly Mexican whispered that he had heard some the whole lot. His helpers also brought large stones rebelistas boasting that they had blown the dam with

in to lay on the edges of the canvas and keep small dynamite. In any case, its loss meant hard times during

animals out. The canvas shed the rains, and the whole periods of drought until the people could put in ancache was in excellent condition when the five men other one.

returned to replenish their low supply of food. The inspection also revealed that other small groups

Not only, then, did the colonists have the food they of Mexicans had lived or were living in various houses needed while they stayed in Garcia, taking note of around the community, but the colonists did not disthe depredations that had occurred and scouting turb these people, knowing that they themselves would through the surrounding hills to estimate the number be gone in a day or two and that it would be wiser of cattle still running on the familiar range, but they not to leave any angry natives in the vicinity when also had small amounts of flour, beans, rice, and sugar they departed.

with which they wooed the friendship of the MexiOn August 30 the group sent Charles Whetten and cans in Aunt Elizabeth's house. These Mexicans Ernest Nielsen over to Colonia Pacheco to learn what

naturally supposed that the men had brought the food the Pacheco men had discovered on their arrival at up with them, though how that scrawny team could that town. This group had gone independently to

have brought up such a quantity of food they probtheir own colony on a similar mission. The two men

ably never paused to figure out. But there was more learned, however, from an aged Mexican in the hamfood than the five men needed, and if the cache let of Corrales that the Pacheco boys had left in fear

should remain undiscovered by Mexicans until anof their lives, because a band of rebels who had been other party could return from El Paso, perhaps there passing through were now over at Gavilan and were would be enough with which to pay these Mexicans talking about coming over that night to search out the for help in such a project as gathering cattle. colonists who, they claimed, had been responsible for

In visiting the houses on the first full day in town, the death of the Mexican that had been killed in the

Lester had suffered a shock as he entered his own unfortunate fight with Joshua Stevens, yard. The front door of the house was swinging open, In spite of this warning, the two men visited the

as were the doors of almost every house in the viltown and found it in a shocking state, much worse lage. While walking up the gravel path toward his than Garcia. Large pieces of beef and pork lay

doorway, Farnsworth must have made a noise that rotting in the houses and dooryards, and dead animals could be heard inside the house, for suddenly he was lay in the streets and fields. The homes were in a

met by a herd of pigs that came scrambling out of terrible condition. Books and papers had been torn

the front door, grunting and squealing, and looking up and thrown about, some of them partly burned, like nothing he had ever seen before. They were Rag carpet balls, which thrifty housewives had sewn

covered all over with feathers, from hams to chops, together to be woven into carpets, were strung all

Feathers were sticking out of their ears, clinging to over the town. Fences and gates had been torn down

their hooves, and bristling all over them, enough to to use for firewood, and holes gaped under trees in startle Farnsworth, who at first stepped out of the the backyards where the pilferers had dug for buried way, wondering if he had encountered some new valuables, such as dishes and keepsakes that the kind of wild animal. fleeing colonists had thought to hide and preserve.

Upon entering the house, he soon discovered that Much property had been wantonly destroyed. No

Mexican looters not only had taken all of the clothing, doubt the revolutionists had figured that if they made blankets, and quilts that had been left in the home, junk of enough of the gringos'possessions, the owners but had also slit open the feather ticks, which had would be discouraged from returning and homes would been left on the beds, dumping the feathers on the be available with many improvements and fenced floor and taking the ticking along to make shirts and fields, ready to be worked and harvested by native trousers and other articles of clothing. The pigs, hands. In fact, Pacheco seemed to have become a

64 Improvement Era Without a word the three turned and quickly headed back upstream,

not daring to look back.

hangout for thieving bands, who posed as rebels and behind Nielsen. The bed missed the bank, and

carried on their ruthless raids from there. Nielsen continued running to keep abreast of it.

The looks of the town gave support to what the old Glancing back over his shoulder as he ran, to see if

Mexican had told them, and Charles and Ernest rode his friends were coming, Nielsen suddenly caught back to Garcia with the gloomiest of reports. After sight of a man lying on the ground. He had been

talking the matter through thoroughly, the party desleeping, and was rising to a sitting position on his cided that they would leave late that night, but that blankets. Then Nielsen saw many other figures

they would plan to return with a larger party to collect scattered about on the ground near him. He had run

cattle for the relief of hardpressed comrades out in into the middle of a rebel camp! He stopped and froze

El Paso. in his tracks as Farnsworth, running through the

Consequently, at about an hour past midnight, with bushes behind him, called, "Can you see it?"

a gentle rain falling and the Mexicans of the town "Shut up!"Nielsen hissed back at him. Then Farnsdeep in sleep, the men slipped out and drove over to worth saw the rebel camp too. But by now Beecroft

Hop Valley, about eight miles away. When they had come chugging into view behind Farnsworth,

started to ford the creek, they found the water was and he called, "Did you get it?"

much deeper than usual because of the heavy rains of "Shut up!"whispered Farnsworth, and since Mexithe preceding days. Nielsen was driving and had cans were beginning to sit up all around, Beecroft

Farnswortlr and Beecroft in the front seat with him. saw the movements and realized what had happened.

Whetten and Darton were sitting on everything the Without a word the three turned and began to walk party owned in the open back of the rig. There were quietly and rapidly back up stream. Then they were

a roll of bedding with a canvas over it, a few perwalking faster, and then a little faster, and did not sonal possessions, and a little foodto tide them over dare to look back.

until they reached Colonia Juarez. When they got back to the crossing, they found the

But as they approached the steep bank on the far team and buckboard out on the bank. The two men

side of the creek, Nielsen found that the high water who had stayed had unhooked the horse and mule had cut deep into the soil and left a bank too tall for and had thus been able to lead them both out of the the horse and mule to climb over. At once everybody water. Then it had not been difficult for them to tie

but Darton scrambled out on the tongue between onto the tongue and pull the empty rig out after the two animals and jumped to the bank. But already them. Now they had just finished hitching up again,

the buckboard was awash, and Darton, with his slow and as soon as the men came running in with their manner of talking, said, "Fellers, the bed's a-goin'."panting report of a rebel camp just around the bend

And he was right. The water was taking it in spite of below, they all piled into the buckboard and whipped

all that he could do to save it. As he lost his hold up for all the little beasts were worth.

on the bulky roll, the current tugged it fiercely away It was not necessary. No rebels had followed the

from him, and he growled, "Dang it, I told you so!"runners, and the colonists soon came to the conclusion

Then it was gone. that the Mexicans had probably been as frightened as

The rain let up, and though there were low clouds, they were themselves. They must have thought that

the moon was bright. Whenever it found a break in this was a Yankee raid and had fled in the opposite

the clouds, the moonlight revealed the meadow and direction as precipitately as the Mormons.

willows and the swift stream, with the bed bobbing Without further mishap the five men reached along at a rapid pace. Without saying a word, three Colonia Juarez, where Whetten and Nielsen, as the

of the men on the bank began to run after it. A short two youngest members of the party, stayed to help

distance below the ford, the creek made a wide bend, Joseph C. Bentley with his canning project, which he

and here, where the water was shallow, Nielsen was trying to get underway in order to preserve some splashed right through, hoping to get ahead of the of the great quantities of ripe fruit that were going to bedding and catch it if it came close to the bank waste. Farnsworth and the other two men went back

beyond. The other two men, Farnsworth and Beeto El Paso to report their findings to the proper

croft, ran around the bend and thus fell some distance authorities. O (To be continued)

October 1968 65 ElderWilliam J. Critchlow Jr.

18921968

Elder William J. Critchlow, Jr.. divinity of the Savior, the truthoften told gatherings of the Saints, fulness of the Book of Mormon,

"Happiness is a byproduct of the divine mission of the Prophet service."He knew whereof he Joseph Smith.

spoke, for he himself was a happy In all his own actions and in man, and his spirit of joy in living his relationships with the Saints, radiated to all who knew him and Elder Critchlow was, as one friend who felt his influence. He had a characterized him, a "stickler for

perpetual twinkle, a ready word of things that were right and proper."

encouragement for friend or stranHe didn't hesitate to call attenger, a warm smile for all. tion to areas in which he felt the

To Elder Critchlow, happiness Saints, whether as members of his came from living fully the princistake flock or as members of the ples of the gospel. In a general ingrained in Elder Critchlow. Church in general, needed to be

conference address some six months Throughout his life he served chastened. However, he did it

after he was called to be an Asothers; it was not enough for him with kindness and love, always

sistant to the Council of the just to belong to an organization: exemplifying the spirit of the

Twelve, he said: "I thought the he was a born leader, and positions priesthood that he held so proudly:

people in my stake [South Ogden] of great responsibility were en- "Reproving betimes with sharpness, were the best and the happiest trusted to him. He threw his heart when moved upon by the Holy

people in the world. I still think and energy and enthusiasm into Ghost; and then showing forth

so, but in my travels I have found every position: student body presiafterwards an increase of love

thousands of people just like them. dent at Weber State College, coltoward him whom thou hast re-

"These people have certain lege alumni president, business proved, lest he esteem thee to be characteristics in common. Friendexecutive, hospital trustee, Scouting his enemy."(D&C 121:43.)

liness is one of them; humility is executive, Chamber of Commerce A popular and gifted speaker,

another; the hospitality of their committee chairman, Lions Club Elder Critchlow had a flair for

leaders is another which I have president, and many others. drama, and his talks were full of

greatly enjoyed. But the outstandBut his first love was the Church stories that dramatically and efing characteristic, it seems to me, of Christ (on one occasion he said fectively made the principles of the

is happiness. Their countenances from the Tabernacle pulpit: "Speakgospel live. Young people particuliterally radiate happiness. They ing for myself, I have accepted him larly enjoyed hearing him speak,

seem to have left all of their worries as the Son of God"), and here and it was not unusual in a stake and troubles at home. They obagain he served faithfully and well, conference for squirming children

viously came to conference to magnifying each calling: as priestand restless teenagers to sit up and

feast, spiritually, of course, and hood organist at the age of 12, listen intently when his turn came they seem to delight in paying teacher in the priesthood quorums to speak.

their devotions. and auxiliaries, ward and stake Along with the gospel, Elder

s'They should be happy. They MIA executive, ward Sunday Critchlow's family ranked first in

should be the happiest people in School superintendent, stake high his life. At his funeral in the

the world because they observe councilor, stake president, and Ogden Tabernacle on September our Father's law of happiness."General Authority. He bore fer- 3, Bishop Lewis J. Wallace, a lifeThe source of happiness—service vent testimony and witness to memlong friend, told how he would

to man and God—was deeply ber and nonmember alike as to the admonish each priesthood bearer

66 Improvement Era Put the magic of

who was being called to a position of leadership: "Your first obligation is to your family—then to your Sugarplum Land

calling."In setting apart missiontell aries, them, "Write he would

to least in your meals parents often—at your

once a week—and tell them how

much you love and appreciate them."These were admonitions he himself took seriously. He and Sister

Critchlow had a warm, loving, mutually respectful relationship suggests this that was immediately apparent to

Saints all over the world, wherever delicious, she accompanied him on his many easy to make travels. He delighted in the successes and accomplishments of his Pumpkin Pie for

two sons, his daughter, and his a real family 15 grandchildren.

He loved all children, and he taste treat.

had a special way with them. One

of the greatest tributes that could be paid to this great man came during his funeral service, when 200 Primary children from the Weber Heights Stake, all dressed reverently, sat quietly, in white, a 90PUMPKIN PIE respectfully through and minute service and then rose to 3 egg yolks

I SUGAR sing one of his favorite songs, "I Vz cup U AND

Am a Child of God."As their VzIV2cupcupsmilkcooked or canned pumpkin

sweet voices softly chimed through V2 tsp. salt

the Tabernacle, one couldn't help Va tsp. ginger

feeling that here indeed was testiVz tsp. cinnamon

mony to the words given in tribute Vz1 tablespoontsp. nutmegunfavored gelatin

to Elder Critchlow by President (or 1 envelope)

N. Eldon Tanner: "His life was his lA cup cold water

message to the world."O 3 stiffly beaten egg whites

Vz cup U AND I SUGAR 1 baked 9"or 10"pastry shell

Highlights in Elder CritchBeat egg whites and Vz cup sugar, and low's Life: set aside. Beat egg yolks and Vz cup

August 21, 1892: Born in sugar until thick. Add pumpkin, milk,

Brigham City, Utah, a salt, and spices. Cook in double boiler

son of William J. and until thick. Soften gelatin in cold water,

Critchlow Anna Gregerson Married stir into hot mixture. Fold in egg white 20, 1924: August

Anna Maria Taylor in mixture. Pour into baked, cooled pastry

the Salt Lake Temple shell and chill. Top with whipping cream.

December 7, 1941: Sustained as first president

of the South Ogden Sta ke October 16, 1958: Set Where is Sugarplum Land? It's all around you if you live where sugarbeets

apart as an Assistant to are grown. U and I Sugar sweetens the economy of these areas.

the Council of the Twelve August 29, 1968: Died in

Ogden, Utah, at the age of 76. UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

Factories in Garland and West Jordan, Utah;

near Idaho Falls, Idaho; Moses Lake and Toppenish, Washington.

October 1968 67 By Maureen D. Keeler

Illustrated by Jeanne L'ndortt

Living richly and happily in the gospel framework tive, by using valuable years to develop personal presents a challenge to the single Latterday Saint resources, and most important, by learning concretely woman. Meeting that challenge with resilience, creto give, love, and serve. She may, if she is willing,

ativity, and perspective can bring lasting satisfaction see her single years as a gift of time to be used wisely;

and peace of mind. The LDS woman of any age thus, her life may be enriched by "creative waiting"—

can turn months or years of waiting for a right eternal not impoverished by empty timemarking.

partner into a period of productive living and preConcern about marriage is both common and easily paring, by learning to see life in its eternal perspecunderstandable in view of LDS teachings. The gospel

offers its members and the world at large, as one of its most important teachings, a strong emphasis on "The real problem is not of being the eternal benefits of family life. Because this wonsingle, but of discovering...ways

derful principle is so frequently emphasized, many

LDS girls reach maturity feeling that marriage is of single living."

the only measure of their worth. As a result, some

older single women may become understandably kind of faith is not easily acquired, but it can be sensitive to constant reminders (eternal values nights, cultivated like any skill by constant practice and sacrament meeting addresses) that they are not application. The words of the Lord confirm his

achieving an important eternal goal. Perhaps the power:

most consistent pressure upon older single men and "Ask, and it shall be given you; seek, and ye shall

women, and the most difficult to withstand, is the find; knock, and it shall be opened unto you:

wellmeaning but thoughtless advice of friends and "For every one that asketh receiveth; and he that

relatives who do not seem to realize that most single seeketh findeth; and to him that knocketh it shall be

people are keenly aware of their status and usually opened.

would be happy to change it. "Or what man is there of you, whom if his son ask

Nevertheless, despite these pressures and occasional bread, will he give him a stone?

reminders that they are "out of step,"many LDS "Or if he ask a fish, will he give him a serpent?

single women have developed the ability to respond "If ye then, being evil, know how to give good gifts to life joyfully and positively. By doing so, they unto your children, how much more shall your Father

translate their single years into meaningful contribuwhich is in heaven give good things to them that tions to church, community, and fellowman. This ask him?"(Matt. 7:7-11.)

they do by developing and relying on firm faith in The Lord will respond in his own time and in his

God and by learning to look at marriage as an imown way to the righteous and divinely approved portant milestone that may be reached at almost any desire to marry—if not in this life, then certainly

point on the endless path of eternal life. in the next. Therefore, faith must be accompanied

It is common in our society for women to reach by a longrange view—an eternal perspective of life,

maturity believing that being single is the greatest Such a view implies that finding a suitable eternal obstacle to achieving complete happiness. A promipartner at 38 or 48 or 58 or not at all is no indinent psychiatrist writes of collegeage women: "The cation of failure. It is merely a manifestation of

median age of girls when they marry is now about the eternal principle of timing in a woman's life:

twenty and the preoccupation with marriage becomes "To every thing there is a season, and a time to every fairly persistent when this age is past.... Today a purpose under the heaven."(Ecc. 3:1.) The true

young lady of twentyone who is still single is apt to worth of a life is measured not by the age at which think of herself as an old maid."1 a woman enters into marriage, or even if she doesn't

Thus, if a woman reaches her thirties or forties still marry at all, but by the ways in which she has blessed unmarried, she often considers herself unattractive or the lives of others.

undesirable. These feelings may lead to chronic disThe real problem, then, is not one of being single,

couragement with herself and with life in general. In but of discovering and practicing successful ways of

experiencing this problem, some single women do not single living. John Milton in his famous poem "On

realize that succumbing completely to discouragement His Blindness"reminded the world that "they also is, in a very real sense, denying God the power to serve who only stand and wait."How that differs

answer prayers and to act in their lives. If a woman from the common phrase, "sit and wait"! "Standing"

believes that even her Father in heaven cannot or suggests rising to meet the challenge, readiness, alert will not help her, she has then replaced faith with and attentive living—not dull and nonproductive

doubt, for the two cannot exist simultaneously. Occaexisting. Single women who live happy and rewarding

sional periods of doubt are normal, but prolonged discouragement can seriously weaken faith. The

antidote to such discouragement is unwavering belief hamMaureenYoungDerrickUniversityKeeler,andinstructormemberin ofEnglishthe BYUat BrigSec- that God cannot fail to answer righteous prayers. He ond Stake YWMIA presidency, wrote this article after place—even

emphasizesmay do so in his own time, but he cannot fail. This guilty—insensing thatan manyenvironmentunmarriedsthat feelso stronglyout of

marriage. A June 1968 bride, she reports she became

Pressures on ] Carl Binger, M.D., "The

in (Reprinted Atlantic 1961). (February CollegeA ReadingGirls Today,"Approach Theto took"so engrossedme completelyin theby subjectsurprise."that my engagement

College Writing with permission of Dr. Carl Binger and AppletonCentury-Crofts, Inc.

1*RideTheHotOne

#*.*

1 Hottest Brand Going 968 Continental Oil Compar

Ride The Hot One...CONOCO...

for top quality products and service throughout the Rockies!

When you Ride The Hot One... you ride with the best... in everything

fom high performance gasolines and AllSeason Super motor oil, to the:atest in maps and Touraide travel information at your Conoco dealer's.

Add carefree enjoyment toyourtravelsthrough America's scenic wonriand..,when you ride the hot one...conoco...hottest brand going

70 Improvement Era lives successfully meet their challenge in at least who find it difficult to communicate with others three ways: (1) They use their single years to deeasily and happily, the single years are an excellent

velop talents and resources by becoming involved in time to solve the problem by seeking carefully chosen life. (2) They cultivate warm, healthy relationships professional help. Making friends has major advanwith others. (3) They find creative ways to give tages for both the present and the future. Lessons

love and service outside the framework of marriage. learned in the give and take of social relationsWomen who "wait creatively"understand well that compromise, consideration, sacrifice, outward (as oplife yields up its greatest rewards to those who beposed to inward) focus—can be applied later in

come deeply involved in the Church, in their careers, marriage. For the present, good friends, like good

in their education, or in any activity they undertake. books and good music, can sustain, stimulate, and

They learn to use wisely the enviable resources that enrich life.

most single women enjoy, such as more time, greater Perhaps the most important skill that successful personal freedom, greater mobility, and greater earnsingle women share is finding concrete ways to love ing power. This enhances their value as professional and serve. They can work in many positions in the

women, as Church members, and as future homeChurch. They often choose fulltime careers that

makers. They seek jobs that challenge and satisfy require development of service. If they don't, they

them, not jobs that are merely excuses for passing may pursue parttime or volunteer work in hospitals, time. They live in compatible and attractive sursenior citizens'organizations, or special education

roundings where they can put down roots rather centers. Being single does not exempt them from

than "camping"in first one area and then another. sharing love with anyone. Opportunities for learning

They fill their lives with traveling, reading new books, unselfish giving are as near as a family, friend, roommaking new friendships, and gaining new experiences mate, or nextdoor neighbor, and there are few traits that widen their intellectual horizons and increase more valuable or important in a marriage. As her

their knowledge of human nature. In short, they experience in loving and serving deepens, so does a

base their lives on the premise that marriage by itself woman's capacity to give and to live the gospel more cannot fill an empty life, but that a full, welllived fully. Thus, in a third important way, she is preparing

life can enrich a marriage. herself for eternal married life.

No woman who cultivates close friendships, among Perhaps the whole philosophy of creative waiting both married and single people, must be alone unless can best be summarized in this way: Life should be

she wants to be. Single years may be either a time lived as though the journey were an end in itself.

to build defensive walls against people or a time to Successful single women do not wait to be the women make many new friends and to strengthen ties with they want to be. For them, fulfillment lies not in

old ones. The woman who makes the effort to build anxious waiting for the future, but in loving, giving,

friendships is happier for having done so. For women and living in the present. O

Brushstrokes, October By Maureen Cannon

Shiny apples, jack-o'-lanterns, icy cider,

And a feeling, Smell, and taste that's pure October. Overhead the

Bluest ceiling, Paintbox bright! And underfoot the breathless,

windblown Children reeling In a technicolor leafland all ablaze! And

Squeaking, squealing Their delight, they race and, tumble in a joy of

Autumn's making, And a wreath of gardeners round 'em in October

Raking, raking....

October 1968 71 Graduate to a flameless Electric Dryer Longtime Era Employee DiesHappy babies love its

Norma Schofield, cashier and office manager of The Improvement Era forgentle 25 years, died on August 19.

Whether accepting a subscription at the counter, aiding a teenager through her first day on her first job, or attendcare ing to all the details of an Era Citation

Dinner, her loving concern and quiet efficiency brought the feeling: "It's

good to be here."

Norma came to the Era upon the completion of her SpanishAmerican mission in the early 1940's. Thirsting

for more activity among her SpanishAmerican amigos, she affiliated with the Mexican Branch in Salt Lake City and was soon working with the teenagers.

You do not have to be college age to graduate At her funeral on August 22 in the to the joy of a flameless electric dryer. SpanishAmerican Lucero Ward, Salt

Ask the happy babies whose mothers dry grownLake City,tall onein responsibilityof those first andteens,truenowin clothes electrically. There are lots of them. the gospel, said: "Norma was more

In fact, of all the homes with automatic dryers than a friend; she was our sister."

in the area we serve, 5 of 6 enjoy the happiWriting to her parents, brother, and ness of drying clothes electrically. sisters, Elder Richard L. Evans of the

Council of the Twelve and editor of the

It costs less to own the best Era said: "Your beloved Norma has

Buy now from your electric dealer. been with us as a trusted staff member of the Era and the Church for

these many years, always doing her UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO.

share and much more.... We know

of no lack of faithfulness of perforSEND FOR THIS mance in her life, and have the assurance that Norma will be welcomed gone, from and receive she has whereerc/zs/vw/vjiA 'Well words, wonderful the our Father JEWELRY CO.

42WEST2ND. SOUTH DA 2-1039 leyr"*KX See how this amazing 32done, thou good and faithful servant.'"

to Others will certainly fill the void of SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH y\your greatestpage booksuccessholdsas thea parent.key

INTERMOUNTAIN'S LARGEST DIAMOND DEALER allPointsages.theIf wayyoutowantremoveprompt,causescheerfulof harmfulobediencehabits whilein childrenhelpingof Norma's leaving, and the work of the

in your child advance every Free Booklet send for way—now. Era will proceed. But thousands will Hill, Parents Ohio. Association, 45359. Dept. Pleasant 19710,

miss her. At times like these, earth

FIBERCLASS SPIRES * Conference Special * is indeed poorer and heaven seems

Large variety of sizes and prices of spires. Journey to Bethany Record Album much richer, a little closer, and more

Easily installed. Light Weight. Maintenance free. Also, gas and electric hot Dramatization of the Life of Christ in stereo desirable. O

water heaters and fiberglass baptistries. Regular: $119.95—Sale: $78.50

Earl L. Grossen, 2530 Park Cir., Salt Lake

LITTLEP.O. BOX 518GIANT/ 907 SEVENTHMANUFACTURINGSTREET / ORANGE, TEXAS 77630CO. City, Utah 84109—Ph. 801 (2782000)

Improvement Era A New Look at the Pearl of Great Price By Dr. Hugh Nibley

Part 5

FACSIMILE NO. 1

A Unique Document

Scenes from the Grand Temple of Philae show various lioncouch ment. Critics have scoffed at Joseph Smith's declaration that

drawings, informing us that not all such scenes depict embalmFacsimile 1 is a sacrificial scene, not an embalming scene.

Hand or Wing? The earliest Another near miss has preserved showing men on lion couches. Of

and latest scholarly critics of the just enough of "Abraham's"hands course, if all lioncouch figures facsimiles have insisted that the to show us that they were hands—were accompanied by two birds,

bird in Facsimile 1 should have a both of them. This is a critical then we would be pretty well stuck

human head. 45 Though the bird's point on which Professor Parker's with a second bird; but actually the

head, being on the edge of the interpretation must stand or fall. two birds are the rare exception,

papyrus, was broken off even beHe tells us that "the apparent upper one bird being the rule, though fore it was mounted, enough of the hand is part of the wing of a secthree are fairly common. 40 More to

neck fortunately remains to show ond bird...."In favor of such an the point, in all documents obtainthat it never bore a human head. interpretation is only the fact that able in which birds appear regardAnd so the original again comes to two birds are represented in apless of their number, their wings are

the rescue to refute the Approved proximately the positions indicated drawn according to the same artisSchool Solution. in a number of other drawings tic convention, exactly as the wings

October 1968 73 on our Facsimile 1 have been the supine figure, as he does here, drawn, and no wings are to be there is never a second bird presfound done in the manner of Proent. 48 Indeed, one can hardly refessor Parker's hypothetical second construct the scene according to

bird. Professor Parker's directions withBut if we are not required by out getting a startling, unique, and

statistics to supply a second bird, original result.

the same statistics are even less in 3. But if our two birds'wings

favor of a second hand, which if it do not match, the two hands most really exists makes our picture quite certainly do: (a) By an odd coin100% PROFIT balanceunique. untilSo theweissuetake isa closerstill in lookthe rightcidence,positionthey andareat exactlythe rightinanglethe

—then the wing disappears. to represent a pair of hands, (b) As $60.00NOCASHINVESTMENTevery time 10 members of your

group each sell 12 cans of KitchenFresh Choc- 1. First of all, the immediate a magnified view of the hands will

can. olettes at $1.00 per or Coconettes

canisters size cost proximity of a real bird to the show, they are drawn exactly alike: The onelb. 100% PROFIT!

each—sell EVEN forlc! Order$1.00! 120 imaginary one shows us clearly the upper hand has strange twigyourNO INVESTMENT!group only 50cNOT

today. to to 30 days 1200 cans Take up to send enough how this particular artist like fingers—six of them, not counttitle, your payment. name, Give phone number

address, the address, complete and name, etc. draws wings, and his method is in ing the thumb, and so also the

officer, quantity group, of 2nd of each name of desired, and nearest Freight office (no parcel total agreement with all winglower hand, which no one will deny post). Extras

east of Rockies. sent OFFERFREE toOPENcover TOshippingGROUPScost drawing in those compositions is a hand, has the same number of

ONLY! WRITE TODAY! which show hawks hovering over just such twiglike fingers, (c)

VERNE COLLIER people'sself tells middles.us that theDr. twoParkerbirdshimin Furthermore,original documentexaminationmakes itof clearthe

Dept. 5-26 this particular picture are sisters, that the fuzzy or dotted sketching

of figure fingers indeed, usually of the as of they upper part the and Street 900 North 19th is identical entirely twins. to fraying the should then hand due 47 Why ALA. 352037103IbirjBIRMINGHAM, J they be drawn, as nowhere else, of the papyrus fibers near theP according to different conventions broken edge and is not an attempt

and as different types? The accomto represent feathers, (d) The

panying illustrations will show how thumbs of both hands are strongly closely the two birds resemble each and unmistakably marked and other when they appear together as drawn just alike, both being desig- a pair. nated by short, heavy lines stand

inspirational IDS FILMS EDUCATIONAL MEDIA SERVICES Herald R. Clark Building

Brigham Young University Provo, Utah 84601 New Area Addresses 2. The position of the priest's ing well apart from the fingers and

BYU SOUTHWESTERN FILM CENTER arm and whatever he is holding properly curved as thumbs should Movie Center 119 W. McDowell Rd. Phoenix, Arizona 85003 interferes drastically with the act be. The thumb of the upper hand

of procreation indicated by Profesis especially clearly and emphaticalDESERET BOOK COMPANY sor Parker. There is nothing like ly delineated. An eighteenth

Film Department the feet of the figure on the couch, dynasty "canonical master drawEast 44 South Temple

Salt City, Lake Utah 841 1 1 scenes; when the central bird is ing"in the British Museum shows

BYU Chicago Area Film Center BYU Bay Area Film Center present, the Anubis priest always us how thumbs should be drawn,

Films, Association Inc. side, style, off Films, Inc. Association the leaves not well stands to one Egyptian beyond and

Hillgrove Ave. 561 Ave. 25358 Cypress

III. La Grange, 60525 line Calif. Hayward, 94544 the couch, figure that the feet of the the heavy slightest doubt on

is a his before upraised and the holding hands thumb upper on hand Eastern Center Film Area BYU Ricks Film Center BYU

Association Films, Inc. in face, such his banNorth 160 or Holmes bearing a feather. Street oil and not 48a Where

Ave. 600 Grand

Falls, Idaho Idaho 83401 Ridgefield, N.J. 07657 art in genor in scenes, Egyptian dages.

Los Film Angeles Center BYU Film Canadian Centre When the priest stands by eral, does one ever find the lowest Smith c/o Hoist Film Library BYU &

Street 19th 506 South 2221 Olive South Street

Alberta, Lethbridge, Canada Angeles, Los California 90007

74 Improvement Era Stewed prunes

pinion of a hawk's wing so strangetwist.ly designated? Eminent Egyptolwith a new

ogists are used to studying original documents, and Dr. Parker was understandably reluctant to base

interpretations on poor reproductions; properly photographed or

magnified, the two hands stand out clearly for what they are.

4. But if only one hand is raised

by the reclining figure, where is the Honeylemon prunes: Place 1 package (1 lb.) flavorful

other hand? Professor Parker knows Del Monte Prunes in small saucepan with 4 lemon slices; add

where it should be: "... the left 2 x/2 cups water. Cover. Simmer 20 minutes. Remove from heat

arm of Osiris is in reality lying at and stir in V* cup honey. 5 servings.

his side under him."In reality? In

all the representations in which

Osiris raises a hand, the other hand and arm are clearly shown beneath the body, the fingers reaching well down below the hip almost to the knee in an ample space provided for them between the body and the couch. And all that is precisely Spicedlemon prunes: Place 1 pkg. (1 lb.) Del Monte

what we do not find in our papyrus Prunes in mixing bowl, with 3 whole cloves, l/z stick cinnamon,—here, "in reality,"there is no arm 1 lemon slice, and 2V2 cups hot water. Cover and refrigerate

or hand under the body, and no overnight. Remove lemon, cloves, and cinnamon before servroom is provided for them, though ing. 5 servings.

more than enough of the papyrus is preserved to show where they should be. 49

5. And then there is the matter

of the knife. Since Professor

Parker's attention was directed entirely to photographs of the papyrus, as was proper, and not to the facsimile, he makes no mention of the knife in the priest's hand. Of Free dried fruit recipe booklet: Send the red and yellow

course, if his interpretation is corshield from a Del Monte Dried Fruit package, along with your rect, then there was no knife, and name and address, to: Del Monte Dried Fruit Recipe Book

we must allow Dr. Lythgoe's claim Offer, P.O. Box 4044, Clinton, Iowa 52732.

that the Mormons have drawn it SUPPORT YOUR UNITED FUND into the hand of the priest. But

the other experts saw nothing New Store—10% offwrong with the knife. Back in 1903 BEEHIVE 2nd So. SLC, Utah 84111BOOK(3552100)

Budge's colleague at the British GRAND OPENING SPECIAL

Museum, Henry Woodward, saw in 10% OFF with any 3 Books

Facsimile 1 "an embalmer, knife ComeAll churchin or writetitles(Noavailablepostage) in hand, preparing to disembowel a

PRINTING todead body it!"50 Von embalm incl. per lc

40c) $3;sheet—paperPlate SPECIALchangesBissing the (Base soul leaving "the saw

body the moment when the priest Digests—$2 each

is opening the body with a knife Also: POPOL VUH: Sacred Book

survived—to supportfor mummification.""1 And at the ofSpanishAncientConquestMaya

present time Professor George R. Book of Mormon—$5.

A/so: OuizEttes: 300 Flash

Cards on LDS Church History:

by John D. Hawkes QuestionsAnswer Sides—$3.

October 1968 75 Hughes of the Oriental Institute at referring to minute differences of

Simply Chicago obliges with an explanadetail, but to major and conspicution: "The embalming of a deceased ous discrepancies. We have dug

Beautiful person, or rather the operation up over a hundred lioncouch preparatory to mummification. (1) scenes, many of which may be conThe deceased's soul or spirit... it sidered significantly like our papyis usually shown as a humanheaded rus/'1 But how do they compare

bird.... [Fac. 1, Fig. 3] is the with it? That is the question.

embalmerpriest who is usually In the past those who have really shown wearing a jackalheaded wanted to blast the Pearl of Great mask.... He has in his hand a Price out of the water have printed

knife ready to make an incision in reproductions of just any hypothe abdomen."52 cephalus or lioncouch scene with

Thus, the knife remains a respectthe calm assurance that the mere able object and fits nicely into an sight of anything that looks like embalming scene. What made; any of the facsimiles would be

Lythgoe suspicious was the peculiar enough to spread consternation form of the knife, and rightly so, among the Saints and forever dissince it was badly copied in the qualify any and all statements of reproduction Spalding sent to him. the Prophet. The idea that these

In the 1842 engravings the thing various documents might be subhas a different shape, like a thin jected to serious comparative study crescent moon. Here we are specuwith a real interest in the myriad

lating, to be sure, but not without questions they raise was the farsome reason, for Herman Kees sugthest thing from the minds of those gested that the knife used by the who published them.

Egyptians for human sacrifice had Whenever like but not identical to be shaped like a thin new documents are placed side by side moon, 5:! and in one of the oldest for study, two problems present

Abraham legends we are told that themselves: (a) to explain the rethe knife used by the patriarch to semblances between them, and (b)

sacrifice Isaac "was a sharp knife, to explain the differences. The

lusting after flesh, and crescentfavorite game of comparative shaped like the newmoon.""'3 But scholarship since the midnine-

more of this later. teenth century has been the hunt

Unique, Uniquer, Uniquest: At for resemblances while discounting

this point, we are not ready to disdifferences, a practice cultivated to cuss the significance of the oddities a fine art by the evolutionists and in the facsimiles of the Book of very well and clearly demonstrated

Abraham; our first concern is by the critics of the Book of Abrasimply to show that such oddities ham. These latter constantly

do exist, and thereby refute the pointed to the general resemblance

A new, exquisite nightdress—with most serious charge against Joseph of the facsimiles to other documents

all the charm, elegance and modesty Smith, that of mistaking thoroughly while stubbornly refusing to actradition. Voy's fashion Clasof Le

sically designed of rich, opaque tricot, typical and commonplace docuknowledge any of the conspicuous overlayed with clouds of matching ments for something unusual. The points of difference, attributing

sheer. 100% Nylon. Pastel Pink, facsimiles are in fact most unusual everything simply to bad copying.

Lemon all three of them. "suspicious"But The however and even

1541. Sizes Yellow—P,orS,AppleM, L. Green. No. onlydocuments,one over which have any "damning"the we resemblances may

$18.00 real control at present is Facsimile appear, it is not enough to say, for

1, and of this we have not been example, that since ancient myth

Your See Le Voy's Consultant Local > able to discover a single one of and ritual are full of remarkable or Mail Check or M.O. the supposedly "innumerable"and parallels to the death and resurrecPostpaid in U.S.A. "identical"parallels. We are not tion of Christ, the New Testament

2511 S.W. Temple; Salt lake City, Utah 84115

76 Improvement Era must be rejected as history. To do ties of treatment that are, so far as such alteration the figure on the

that is to overlook both the great my knowledge goes, unique."5S The couch ceases to be Osiris and benumber of interesting hypotheses substitution of one divinity for comes a dead person "identified

capable of explaining the supanother in a series of lioncouch with a complex entity"who reposedly devastating resemblances scenes changes the normal resurrecmains quite mysterious. 60

and the no less numerous questions tion motif, according to Derchain, Such alterations, which convert raised by the swarming discrepanto "an astral or calendrical myth"familiar scenes into unfamiliar cies and contrasts. with special emphasis on the floodones, are by no means more radical

"Wellknown"was a favorite exing of the Nile, 59 and by another than those that confront the stupression of these critics, and we are still being told that Facsimile 1 is "a wellknown scene from the

Osiris mysteries"( Parker ) and that Richard L. Evans

it class belongs to "a wellknown of as if that The Spoken Word documents"(Young), explained everything. But we cannot drop the discussion there; just

as Egyptologists had to learn by The "getout-fromunder"attitude long experience that it was unwise to label everything in a found tomb is sometimes evident an attitude of to get wanting out from as funerary in nature, There stuso the under, to wanting not be accountable to anyone. people, Young

isdent to today admonished not for example, sometimes to choose from move away and home toleap conclusions every time he family friends. and education, Work, in opportunities areas other are

sees a lioncouch. A useful study often good reasons. But to leave just to cut loose, just to go it alone,

that usreminds the expression "he just to be free from to being accountable anyone well wise. not may be

is his to refer on couch"canwho before feel to And get to want away, we we get out under, from we Osiris inanything from the Underto honestly ought it sure don't for make want the reasons. we wrong No to a solid citizenworld taking 20

is safe. one always ill, one can No or know when he have may become 55

Itwinks a on afternoon. warm an accident, or find in himself serious situation. all some one knows No

is surprising often otherwise an how the answers. is one can sure selfsufficient. be he No Besides, others

wellknown scene is converted by a have much invested in us. Others have taught us, trained us, nursed

few minor alterations into someand nourished us, loved us, and given us part of their lives—parents,

allthing at not as wellknown, teachers, doctors, friends, family this have done and more, and much altering the ofwhen by names right they to a have interest in us, an obligation and to have an we participants "the Cairo has papyrus right. recognize is that also if fact There the that are alone and we

seriously distorted the of meaning the without interest others, of could indifferent deteriorate. we become and

ritual,"isthe which otherwise of is our for performance others Much us. for not and our best do 51 We

'a scene, wellknown or a when it others life of If expect us. when a of simply were satisfying matter

wellknown scene from selfish selves, the Book our there wouldn't progress or be much improvement. The

losesof the Dead its wellknown faith of and interest others leads us to surely be better—and we wouldn't,

meaning by another such change for the wrong reasons, want to separate ourselves from stabilizing factors of names: "It would be easy to find and influences, and place ourselves in a position that would make it

parallels tonumerous of each easier to lower standards or lose the precious most things a person can figures,"these writes of G. Nagel possess: virtue, honesty, honor, respect, excellence of perpurpose and

the scene, "but that not would formance. anything Almost can to almost happen anyone, the and

i.e., much,"57 themean numerous loose,""cut "getout-fromunder,""leaveme-alone"in attitude, this sense,

parallels no matter how wellknown isn't sensible or safe. To cite a significant sentence: "There is no such

are not enough in themselves to thing in human existence as being so high you're not responsible to identify every scene in which they anybody."1

occur. N. M. Davies reports on

another document, "wholly convenLawrence A. Appley, Managers in Action.

tional in its subjects,"which isn't conventional at all because it "dis- * "The Spoken Word"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System August 11, 1968.

plays certain details and peculiari1968.

October 1968 77 dent of Facsimile 1. How is this

document to be classified? The

student who looks over a hundred ARE YOU or so lioncouch scenes will readily recognize that they fall into a numOVER 65? ber of clearcut categories, the

CHECKING ACCOUNTS principal1. First,onestherebeingarethese:a number of

drawings, usually small ones, of a WITHOUT CHARGE mummy reposing on a lioncouch

A Special Service For Our Older Friends allotheralone,figure,unaccompaniedpeacefully awaitingby any

Granite National Bank now provides checking account convenience the resurrection as it lies in state.

without cost to our friends 65 years of age and over. No minimum It is simply the mummy on its bier.

size. we'll to balance no limit necessary by Bank mail, and—2. There are quite a few emit. Tell friends relatives both ways. and your pay the postage about

balming scenes, often plainly labeled as such, with Anubis approaching with bandages and/or ointment, or working with his hands

LJ on or over the mummy. This scene

is not to be confused with No. 1,

NATIONAL BANK 2265 HIGHLAND DRIVE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 PHONE 4862101

Conference Visitors Come

A close examination of Fac. 1 shows the

above as Abraham's hands, and not wings.

and is sometimes shown as a sequel to it. 3. Then there are many resurrection or resuscitation scenes, such

Tour PermaPak's newly enlarged retail store and plant. as the famous "Awakening of

Find out how you can save on family food storage.

Osiris"in the Temple of Apet at

PermaPak offers a year's balanced food supply for only slightly more than $100 per family member.... "Use today or Store Away"dry and deLuxor: "The Neter [god] is beginfruits, flour, wheat, hydrated vegetables, as foods such onions, potatoes, ning to move himself, bending his

... gelatin desserts exciting and substitutes and freezedried meat new

foods... tasty, nutritious, lowcost meals at great savings. right arm and raising his left foot."61

4. There are a number of prosend me, FREE, Send coupon for full details Please the following: creation scenes in which the Storage Food Plan CATALOG

TION successor reincarnation. or

Group Discounts/FundRaising PLAN PERMAPAK [j Survival Kit and Camping INFORMAmummy is begetting his divine question is, to which of Now the #40 E. 2430 South rjMy Name

Salt City, Lake Utah 84115 Address these or classes scenes wellknown

City State Zip... 4869671 Phone (801) Facsimile This does our 1 belong?

is exactly what the experts have never been able to agree on. Some

Protect your copies of have designated it most emphatiEra The improvement WANTED cally others scene; as an embalming

with Era binder an $2.50 Internist, Orthopedist,

Breasted a resurrecat like Order saw in it from our office Practitioners, UrologistGeneral South. Street State 79

Box 629 Salt Lake City, Utah 84111

Cedar City, Utah 84720

78 Improvement Era tion, and now Professor Parker tells a different position, there being no hand are plainly visible, held well us it is a mystic marriage. All the bird at the head of the mummy; apart from his body; ( 8 ) two ladies

authorities have good reason for (2) Anubis has both hands raised, are in attendance; (9) a figure with

their opinions; the elements of all not one hand lowered; (3) the a Horus mask is also assisting;

the episodes are undeniably presfigure on the couch has only one (10) there are no Canopic jars ent in our little sketch, or else hand raised, while (4) the bird under the couch, there is no crocoexperienced scholars would not above him has a proper wing, not dile, and no pylons, etc.; (11)

have seen them there so clearlv. something that looks like a hand; stereotyped and familiar inscripBut which is the predominant (5) the man on the couch wears tions accompany the drawing—the

theme? The difficulty of answering no clothes, (6) but does wear the inscriptions on the Mormon papythat question is quite enough in nm's headdress and rests his head rus are completely different; (12)

itself to brand our document as on a pillow; (7) his left arm and Anubis is quite differently attired

unique. And now some European

scholars are suggesting a new and neglected category for some of the lioncouch spectacles, namely, that they are really sacrificial scenes. Richard L. Evans

This, of course, rings a tiny bell for The Spoken Word

Joseph Smith, and we shall have to look at these new studies quite closely. Until now none of the emphatic trifles"

TheBenjaminswift passingFranklinof "isa seasonthe stuffis lifealwaysis madesobering—forof.""time,"said 1 And while we

have a conviction that in the eternal sense time is limitless, what we can now foresee passes swiftly. And yet often we splinter it away with

less thought, less purpose, less accomplishment than time is entitled to.

"At times,"said Emerson, "the whole world seems to be in conspiracy to importune you with emphatic trifles."2 It is true that other people

splinter our lives into trifles if we let them, and often we ourselves do the same. Often we let our lives be cluttered with encumbrances—with

Canonical drawings by 18th Dynasty Egyptian artist shows the way to draw thumbs. bits and pieces and paraphernalia—with "emphatic trifles,"as Emerson

critics of the Joseph Smith papyri said. And while we don't want to be slaves to unreasoning routine, we

ought to recognize the waste when time is not well used—for "time,"

has bothered to mention them.

"is Diogenes, valuable that a thing the most spend."can man To show how hard it is to pin said

it "Don't Brisbane. waste time,"Arthur in idleness; pleaded "Don't waste

down our facsimile, we invite the don't waste it in regretting the time already wasted; don't waste it in

reader to compare it with the dissipation; don't waste it in resolutions a thousand times repeated, never

closest parallel in our collection. An to be carried out. Don't waste your time. Use all of it. Sleep, work,

Egyptologist may be able to exrest, think. Save part of the time of yesterday by saving part of the

plain the significance of an arm or money earned yesterday.... The best of us have already wasted time

a bird (though it is precisely in enough.... Remember that however much time you have wasted

matters of significance that the already, you have time enough left [for some accomplishment and reexperts have always disagreed most covery] if you will use it... while life and time remain."3 Passing and

widely among themselves, and still trivial things should not be allowed unduly to take us away from more do), but any intelligent child can productive pursuits, nor should we let others often distract us with usually spot an arm or a bird when trifles that take us away from our work. "At times the whole world

2he sees one in a picture, and it seems to be in conspiracy to importune you with emphatic trifles."

needs no trained specialist to recognize at least a dozen points 'Benjamin Franklin, "The Way to Wealth."

of difference between our two -Emerson,''Arthur Brisbane,SclfRcliancc.as reprinted in Sunshine Magazine.

sketches when they are placed side by side. Notice that in the nonpresented over KSL and the Columbia* "TheBroadcastingSpoken Word"Systemfrom JulyTemple28, Square,1968.

Mormon papyrus ( 1 ) the bird is in 1968.

October 1968 79 in the two pictures. One could

easily add to the list, but it might

NOW! well be objected that this is only

one document chosen for compariBUILD YOUR LDS son, even if it is the nearest one in

HOME LIBRARY WITH general appearance, and that SPECIALLY PRICED DESERET among the numerous other lionBOOK-OFTHE-MONTH couch scenes are those in which

BONUS VALUES. each single element in the Joseph

Smith papyrus could be matched.

But this is not so; on many points

EGIN NOW WITH THE our little sketch remains quite

TOBER BONUS VALUE unique. Here are some of them:

1. Question: Of the hundred

COURSES OF THE other figures on lioncouches, how )PHET JOSEPH SMITH many have both hands raised? AnAlma P. Burton swer: None. Professor Parker is

therefore statistically justified in being suspicious. So we pursue

our statistics further:

2. How many of these figures REGULA.

have one hand upraised without SPECIAL OCTOBER PRICE $3.00

having the other clearly visible,

Every month Deseret Book Company will choose a Bookof-theplaced under the body in a space for that value for these be a month. bonus Watch Month to provided for it? Answer: None,

will paid! specials mail each orders postage be shipped month—

though we know of one example in

Discourses of the Prophet Joseph Smith is a fascinating comwhich the hand is shown beside pilation of actual sermons and talks by the Prophet. These the body, but very clearly shown,

scripturally and historically meaningful discourses will add significant new dimensions to your understanding of the Gospel. almost touching the knee.

3. How many other scenes show

the figure on the couch clothed in the manner here shown? Answer:

None. All are either nude or fully

DESERET BOOK COMPANY invested as mummies.

44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah 84110 4. In how many is this figure

Please Send me: "DISCOURSES OF THE PROPHET JOSEPH SMITH "wearing anklets or slippers? AnTotal Cost $ This must include 3V2% sales tax for Utah swer: None.

residents ordering from Salt Lake City. 5. In how many are the couch,

(check) Paid by check money order [J Or, charge my account [j the figure on the couch, and the

Name priest out of line with each other

Add ress in the strange manner of the AbraCity State. Zip. ham papyrus? Answer: None; we

have no replicas in which the artist has made any such blunder or anything comparable to it.

ATTENTION Planning to Buy or Rent in 6. How many have crocodiles

SCANDINAVIANS WASHINGTON. DC AREA? beneath the couch? Answer: None.

Do you have a family Coat of Arms, Seal, For Informationpacked 7. How many have hatched lines

or firmaor Insignia? WASHINGTONbooklet: DESTINATION& Picture designated as "expanse,

We can reproduce or research. Gallery of fine homes, ment"? Answer: None of the others

Mrs. Jean Beck, files has allOur such contain a design. Norwegian and Danish write LDS, 6013 Dr. LeewoodInsignia record on plus many accompanying 8. Alex. Va. 703971-5340 How many have the twelvefamily genealogies.

OR contact gates or "pillars of heaven"or anyWrite for FREE information.

thing like them? Answer: None. 1401 Blvd D 'Madison t*rft\A/cl 1 VIKING HERALDICS company,nc McLEAN, Va.Box 497 Rexburg, Idaho 83440 c REALTORS 22101

Improvement Era

9. How many show the lotus Egyptian document to be conseen. But what we have seen is

and offering table, otherwise comsidered unique, it does not have to that one of them, at least, the one mon in Egyptian religious and be spectacularly different from all with which we are at present consecular scenes? Answer: None. others: it can resemble scores of cerned, departs from the standard

10. How many show the resurothers in almost every particular patterns in so many particulars as

rection, procreation, or embalming and still have a message to convey to render it worthy of closer attenscene without the presence of the that is quite distinct from theirs. tion than anyone has so far been

two ladies (Isis and Nephthys) Whether our facsimiles belong to willing to give it. O

and/or other dignitaries? Answer: this maverick type remains to be (To be continued)

None.

FOOTNOTES (1915), pp. 121, 125; Bibliotheque Egyptologi11. Granting Dr. Parker's reconque, Vol. 3 (1894), Plate XI; Bulletin de

struction, when a bird is shown 4BDeveria, op. cit., p. 195, and Prof. G. E. I'Institute(1929), p.Francais47; Egyptiand'Arch. Orientale,Religion, Vol.Vol. 283

flying over the middle of the couch, Hughes,*8In theop.copiescit. supra,at ournotedisposal37. (see note 54 p.(1935),21, fig.p. 144;17. AncientLioncouchEgypt,scenesVol. 1 pre(1914),most

how often is Anubis in the position them,below) asareagainstonly twosevensceneswithwiththreetwobirds,birds 22in theeasilyDead:found R.in Lepsius,large editionsDas Todtenbuchof the Book derof

shown? Answer: Never. with47Parker,one bird,loc. andcit.onesupra,with notefive birds.23; Budge, Aegyptcr75; Edonard(Leipzig,Naville,1842),PapyrusPlatesFuneraires8, 33, 74,de

la (Paris, the Egyptians Dynastie Plate (London, 1904), of Gods 1912), The XXe bird 12. is any "Isis (Berlin, How often were 25458. shown Vol. Aegyptische Nephythys and Todtenbuch 2, Das 1,1886),and pp.

... Plates scenes), 1, scenes),.. associated other inseparably Vol. 2, 5, with each 3 28 (5 (3 in the mannerwith wings drawn. all in T. acted matters.. they important Allen, 174, Egyptian 187, 173, G. The.and 207;

Professor Parker indicates? Answer: together."The reproductionIbid., p. 258.here given, after Lanzone, BookPlates of26.the48,Dead49, 60,(Chicago70, 94;University,E. A. W. Budge,1960),

Never. theDizionario,MormonPlatepapyrus.CCXC, is the nearest thing to York,The BookLondon,of the1913),Dead,Vol.Papyrus3, Platesof Ani7, 17,(New34.

13. How many have inscriptions EgyptianReproducedArchaeology,in ErikVol.Iversen,46 ( 1960in Journal) pp. 71of Beupsch,Unusual Thesurusversions Inscriptionummay be foundAegypt'acarumin H. K.

matching those in the Pearl of 79,4UTherePI. XVI.is one representation, from Denderah, 789;(Leipzig,also in18831891),Life magazine,Nos.June749,7, 750,1968, 784,two

Great Price papyrus? Answer: inlaidwhichalongsidethe lowerthe body,hand butis nothandbeneathand armbut scenes:Aegyptischeone Mundoeffnungsritualis discussed in E. (Wiesbaden:Otto, Das

None, though nearly all of them wellare verydownclearlyalmostdepicted,to thethe knee,fingersin reachingRevue Harrassowitz,Ad. Ennan, Religion1960), p.der 74,AegypterAbb. 12;(1934),and inp.

have stereotyped inscriptions desig- d'Egyptologie,soCited in Era,Vol.Vol.15 16,(1963),p. 342.p. 17, Fig. 4. vignette293, fig. in 121.the "JosephThere isSmitha smallPapyri"lioncouch(photo

nating the nature of the scene. 5lIn52Hughes,Spalding,in letterop. cit.,citedp. above,30. note 37. referencesin Era, Vol.will71 be[Februarygiven in1968],subsequentp. 40F).articles.Other

So our manuscript is different. tische53HermannSprache,Kees,Vol. in78 Zeitschrift(1942), pp.fuer47f.AegypAnof Tutankhamon;actual lioncouchits ritualwas foundsignificancein theis Tombnoted

scenes source of "lioncouch"best MTheBut is it significantly different? In

(Paris, Mariette, F. A. F. 1875),is by(HarperA. Piankoff,Torch Books,The Shrines1962), p.of 36.Tutankhamon Denderah

Plates 65ff, most of which 4,looking at it beside the others, we Vol.

Dizionario in di Mitologiais reproAntiquitiesBBV. S. Golenischchev,Egyptiennes Cataloguedu Musee Generalde Caire,des R. V. Lanzone, duced

miss the august figures of the gods Egizia (Turin, 1885), Plates 30, 63, 64, 261 Papyrus Hieratiques (1927), p. 133. Here the

standing by and the solemn re- (3(2 scenes),scenes), 262,272 (2265,scenes),268, 269,273, 270,274 271(2 hieroglyphis difficultfor to"couch"say [writesis the lioncouch.Golenischchev]"It

scenes), 276, 277 (2 scenes), 278, 279, 280, whether the designation of 'he who is on the ligious dignity they give to the 281, 282 (2 scenes), 284, 285, 286, 287, 288, couch'refers to the dead god Osiris. One could

other compositions as they kneel in 289,E. A.290,W. 291.Budge,SixteenTheof Godsthese ofare thereproducedEgyptiansin justably, asof wellsomethinkordinaryof the individual),king (or, lesswho probwas

mourning, stand guard, raise hands.(London:and there Methuen,are others 1904),in his Vol.Osiris2, (pp.New13237,York thusof theplacedgods."whileOn hethe sleptcouchunderin thetheUnderworld,protection

in praise, or make magical passes. includingUniversity someBooks,not 1961),found inVol.Lanzone,2, pp. i.e.,2257,on E. MA.Otto,H. Mundoeffnungsritual,Gardiner, Hieratic PapyriVol. in2, thep. 33.BritAt the same time we are impressed inpp. A.22,Moret,23, 24,Mysteres30, 45,Egyptiens48, 49, (Paris,51, 53. 1913),More ish57G.Museum,Nagel,Vol.in 1Bulletin(1935),dep.I'Inst.101. Fr. d'Arch.

by the rather massive additions—pp.examples51, 53,may57 be(2 foundscenes),in Journal60, opp.of64.EgyptianOther Or.,MN.Vol.M.29 Davies,(1929), inpp. Journal3031. of Egyptian

the unfamiliar writing that frames Archaeology,(1931), PlatesVol.56,4 57(1918),(3 scenes);p. 143; Vol.Vol. 2417 Archaeology,XIII. Vol. 32 (1946), p. 69, cf. Plate

the scene on either side, and the Vol.(1938),19 (1943),p. 30, fig.pp. 9:19597,in Chroniquefigs. 27,d'Egypte,28, 29, (1963),B9Ph. Derchain,p. 13. Revue d'Egyptologie, Vol. 15

stagelike foundation of elements 30fig. (25; scenes),also in andZeitschriftVol. 34 fuer(1959),Aegyptischep. 74, (1943),J. Capart,pp. 192,in 194.Chronique d'Egypte, Vol. 19

found in none of the other papyri. Travaux,Sprache, Vol.Vol. 5521 (1919),(1899), p.p. 51,146,andandReccuilVol. 37de (1956),01A. Varille,p. 110.in Annales du Service, Vol. 53

True, every individual sign and figure can be matched rather easily somewhere else, just as every word on this page can be found in almost A Dream Grown Tall any English book, but it is the comBy Florence Pedigo Jansson bination of perfectly ordinary signs is but a dream grown tall,that makes extraordinary composiAn oak thrust, acorn's upward Antions, and we may well repeat the itself resolve that shaped A high words of Professor Nagel: "It would To action born of trust.

be easy to find numerous parallels

An oak is sturdiness endowedto each of these figures, but that roots length mighty By of would not mean much...."For its aspirations high That hold

the combination here is different. And give it inner strength.

We have just noted that for an

October 1968 81::::.:..;:.--::.Si:;;..:.l--::id;:;: iiib b>-...:i;:nF;r/: = =::.:. r:.:.:::: i::.::.:: i:

The material below is taken from a research paper on Derbyshire, showing detailed information on pre1858 English jurisdictions. entire report, a probate which includes The Genealogy from be obtained the Genefor 50c color key, may map and

alogical Society, 107 S. Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111.

This sample report is one of 18 such probate jurisdiction reports prepared by the Genealogical Society. The other

reports, which may also be ordered for 50c each, are on the following English counties: Bedfordshire, Berkshire,

London, Cambridgeshire, Buckinghamshire, Huntingdonshire, Lincolnshire, Oxfordshire, Northamptonshire, Wiltshire, HertEnglish fordshire, Norfolk, Kent, Suffolk, Cheshire, Lancashire, and

Westmorland. All additional counties in England and Wales

will be completed in the near future. These reports may be

obtained by writing the Genealogical Society, 107 S. Main,

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111. Cost is 50c each.

::: -:.::: ""a.. ':: '':..''; "V

The probate records of England are among the best genealogical sources for direct evidence of relationships. They are also among the most neglected sources because of the many variations in the ecclesiastical jurisdictions that governed the probate of wills prior to 1858. To complete a thorough examination

of the probate records of a certain area, it is necessary to have a guide to the various probate jurisdictions and the lines of authority followed by the Established Church of England. This is important to ensure

that probate searches will cover the probate records most likely to contain information concerning ancestors.

Almost all pre1858 wills were proved and letters of administration were granted in ecclesiastical courts, of which there were over 300. The jurisdictions of these courts did not conform with civil boundaries; thus

for convenience this series has been arranged by county with appropriate cross references. Using it as a

guide, you will receive assistance in locating the exact probate courts to search for any given area with the least amount of time and effort.

To search a probate jurisdiction:

1. Locate on the map the parish or locality where your ancestor lived.

2. Match the color in which the parish is situated with the color key in the jurisdiction table on the

page opposite the map. This is the appropriate jurisdiction you should search.

3. Search the probate records in the order indicated in the column directly below the appropriate

jurisdiction table.

Example: If your research problem is in the parish of Alfreton, Derbyshire:

a. To help you find Alfreton on the map in this booklet, first find it in a gazetteer. Alfreton is in the area colored

green. b. Match the green on the map with the green in the color key on the jurisdiction table on the page opposite the

map. c. Note that Alfreton was under the jurisdiction of the Episcopal Consistory Court of Lichfield.

d. Search the probate records in the other indicated column under that heading:

1. Court of the Bishop of Lichfield

2. Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury

Since civil and ecclesiastical boundaries were not necessarily one and the same, it is important in pre1858 probate searches to consider nearby courts, including those situated across county boundaries. Also,

ecclesiastical boundaries and rights were not always observed or may have been changed over the years.

Many peculiar courts closed before 1858. When this occurred, jurisdiction reverted to the local archdeaconry and/or diocesan courts.

Most of the records of all pre1858 probate courts are available on film in the library of the Genealogical Society of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints or in its branch libraries.

On January 11, 1858, all of the ecclesiastical courts were closed and England was divided into civil probate districts, thus making probate searches comparatively simple after that date. Beginning in 1858,

district probate registrars forwarded copies of all wills and administrations each year to the Principal Probate Registry, Somerset House, London, where an annual index is maintained. A copy of the master index

1858 to 1957 is on film in the library of the Genealogical Society.

For additional information concerning the value and use of probate records, refer to Genealogical Research in England and Wales, Volume 2, by Gardner and Smith.

Most of Derbyshire was under the jurisdiction of the Court of the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry;

hence, the majority of genealogical searches will be in the records of this court and its superiors.

Pre1858 probate courts having some jurisdiction in Derbyshire were:

Burtonupon-Trent, Court of the Peculiar of (see Staffordshire probate jurisdictions for full details)

82 Improvement Era::"":: -:!:::; iiii: ";; "-::;;::.::."""...""

'#:::IOi>:

Probate Jurisdictions:

Canterbury, Court of the Archbishop of (Prerogative Court of Canterbury, also known as P.C.C.; see London probate

jurisdictions for full details)

Dale Abbey, Court of the Manor of

Hartington, Court of the Peculiar of the Dean of

Lichfield (Cathedral), Court of the Dean and Chapter of (see Staffordshire probate jurisdiction for full details)

Lichfield and Coventry, Court of the Bishop of ( Episcopal Consistory Court of Lichfield and Coventry; see Staffordshire

probate jurisdictions for full details

Peak Forest, Court of the Peculiar of

Sawley, Court of -the Prebendal Peculiar of (a prebend of Lichfield Cathedral)

The Court of the Dean and Chapter of Lichfield Cathedral claimed jurisdiction over the peculiar of

Peak Forest and during inhibition over the court of the Prebendal Peculiar of Sawley.

The grants made in the Court of the Peculiar of Burtonupon-Trent were made by the Lord of the

Manor of Burton.as successor to the preReformation ecclesiastical peculiar jurisdiction of the Abbey of

Burtonupon-Trent and not as Lord of the Manor of Burton. Chilcote, Derbyshire, was a chapelry in the

parish of Burtonupon-Trent, but was annexed to the parish of Clifton Campville, Staffordshire. Searches

should be made in the Court of the Peculiar of Burtonupon-Trent and the Court of the Bishop of Lichfield and Coventry.

The Prerogative Court (of the Archbishop) of Canterbury (P.C.C.) claimed sole jurisdiction where the

deceased had bona notabilia (an estate valued at more than five pounds sterling) in two dioceses or in two peculiars in the province of Canterbury. On some occasions the P.C.C. appears to have made grants even

when there was no foundation of exercising jurisdiction. The P.C.C. also granted probate of wills and

letters of administration for those with property in England, Wales, Isle of Man, and the Channel Islands who died at sea or overseas. Such persons are distinguished in the calendars (indexes) by the entry

"pts,"abbreviation for "parts overseas,"instead of the name of the place. Apparently there are grants for

persons having bona notabilia in both provinces or grants for persons dying overseas proved in the courts of both Canterbury and York. Probate was granted in York (P.C.Y. ) for that part of the estate within the

northern province, and in Canterbury ( P.C.C. ) for that part of the estate in the southern province. Because

of the possibility that the P.C.C. might infringe upon the jurisdiction of York, the records of the Prerogative Court of Canterbury should always be searched when grants relating to estates within the province

of York cannot be found therein. This also applies to estates anywhere in England, Wales, Isle of Man,

and the Channel Islands.

During the Commonwealth Interregnum from 1653 to 1660, the Court of the Archbishop of Canterbury in the form of a civil court had sole testamentary jurisdiction over all of England and Wales. Since the

Reformation it has been usual for the estates of men of wealth and position to receive grants of probate and letters of administration in this court. During vacancies in this court between 997 and 1590, some wills were

proved in the Court of the Prior and Chapter of Christ Church, Canterbury, Kent.

Some wills from around 13131644, proved either during vacancies or for other reasons from various dioceses within the Province of Canterbury, are recorded in the archiepiscopal registers kept at Lambeth Palace. The Court of Delegates was also a court of appeal for the provinces of Canterbury and York, including their peculiars, royal peculiars, and the Irish probate courts.

The original records of the Courts of the Peculiars of Huntington, Peak Forest, and Sawley are at the Lichfield Joint Record Office, Public Library, Bird Street, Lichfield. Those of the Court of the Manor

of Dale Abbey are at the Nottinghamshire Record Office, County House, High Pavement, Nottingham. O

October 1968 83 GREAT BOOKS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE!

A biography of Colonel SENT THOMAS L. KANE by Albert L.

Zobell, Jr.

Reg. $3.95

The Presiding Bishop Talks to Youth About:

HONECTY

Both books "No legacy is so for only..., rich as honesty."

Sentinel in the East By Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

Events in the life of Colonel Thomas

L. Kane, noble friend of the Saints,

who met the Mormons on the plains of Iowa in 1846 and became their By Bishop John H. Vandenberg

mediator with General Johnston's

Army in 1857.

The Life and Ministry of John Morgan Have you ever examined an apple seed and realized

By Arthur Richardson and that within that small object are the components with

Nicholas G. Morgan, Sr. the potential of becoming roots, trunk, bark, limb,

An interesting history of a truly great man. L.D.S. convert, Missionary, leaves, blossoms, fruit, and other seeds, with the same

Member of The First Council of potential? It is amazing to realize the great possiSeventy, Civil War Veteran and author of the famous missionary bilities that are stored up in a small seed.

pamphlet "The Plan of Salvation."Science has found that within one of the most

Clip and Mail minute particles is one of the great known powers in the universe—atomic power.

Small acts, like the seeds and the atom, are often PEHRSON'S 2115 SOUTH 11TH EAST the sources of powerful determining factors in a life.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84106 The Lord has said, "... out of small things proceedis this that eth Certainly 64:33.) which great."(D&C

as it true pertains to acts involving honesty. is most $I enclose checkfor whichor moneyplease ordersend mefor

the book offer "Sentinel In The East"Honesty is the very foundation of character. No

and "Life of John Morgan."virtue can be possessed until a person is honest. The Name

Address power of simple acts of honesty can be portrayed by

City examining the life of one of the greatest Americans,

State Zip a man whose very name has come to be identified

OR PICK UP AT PEHRSON'S SUGARHOUSE STORE

84 Improvement Era with honesty—President Abraham Lincoln. Honesty cannot be compromised. Karl G. Maeser,

Lincoln was born into abject poverty. He was dethe great pioneer educator, gave an excellent descripprived of any formal education. He knew want and tion of honesty. He said, "I have been asked what I

hunger. In many respects Lincoln seemed relegated mean by word of honor.'I will tell you. Place me

to a life based on nothing much greater than the behind prison walls—walls of stone ever so high, ever

pursuit of survival. However, his father had taught so thick, reaching ever so far into the ground—there

him to be honest. And in this regard Shakespeare is a possibility that in some way or another I may be

said, "No legacy is so rich as honesty."Certainly this able to escape; but stand me on the floor and draw a

proved true in Lincoln's case. chalk line around me and have me give my word of

In the dayto-day activities of life, Lincoln experihonor never to cross it. Can I get out of that circle?

enced the blessings of honesty. On one occasion his No, never! I'd die first."

younger sister, against her mother's strict instruction, The importance of honesty cannot be overstated, followed Abe into the woods where he was splitting Throughout the scriptures the Lord has charged us rails. Being somewhat playful, she sneaked up beto be 'honest. From Sinai he charged ancient Israel

hind Abe and screamed. Caught by surprise, Abe with the injunction, "Thou shalt not bear false witfell, and the axe cut his sister's leg. He tore strips off ness...."(Exod. 20:16.) In the meridian of time

his shirt and bandaged the wound. Then he asked we find this same charge (Phil. 4:8); to the Nephites

her, "What will you tell Mother?"She replied, "I'll the command was the same (Mosiah 4:28); and again

tell her the truth. I cut my leg on the axe."in this dispensation the standard of honesty has been

"That won't be enough of the truth,"Abe insisted, given from the Lord (D&C 42:21, 51:9).

"You must tell her how it happened and trust her to Honesty has ever been the distinguishing mark that understand it and do what is right."separated a great man or woman from the rest of

Lincoln realized that honesty was not always the mankind. In the words of Cromwell, "A few honest

easiest way, but he knew it was the right way. Soon men are better than numbers. If you choose godly,

after he was defeated in his bid for the state legislahonest men to be captains..., honest men will follow

ture of Illinois, he became part owner in a store. The them."

debts were piled up, and Lincoln's business partner Esther, a Jewish girl, was chosen by the king of began drinking more and more. Finally, within a very Persia to be his wife from among all the unmarried

short time, he died. Lincoln had to assume the entire women in his kingdom, because of her great beauty

debt—and by that time it was a tremendous sum. and charm. However, the prime minister, Haman,

But Lincoln's honesty helped him face his obligations, issued a decree that all the Jews should be destroyed and finally he paid the huge debt. When Esther heard of this, she was fearful and knew

In the simple dayto-day events, Lincoln gained the she had a grave decision to make. She could save

honesty that was to help lift him from his poverty to herself by keeping her secret and thus see her beloved the state legislature, then to Congress, and finally to people destroyed, or she could attempt to save her the presidency of the United States. people and place her own life in danger by revealing

Lincoln proved the truth of what Alexander Pope her own nationality to the king. She chose the honest

has written: "An honest man's the noblest work of and courageous way. And now as we honor Esther,

God."we do so not because of her great beauty, but rather

Some believe 'that honesty is a policy that can be because of her courageous honesty, subscribed to when the situation is convenient, and Certainly honesty is the mark of a great individual, just as easily can be abdicated the moment the situaAnd just as certainly, that honesty must be learned tion becomes difficult. However, there is no such and practiced in the small dayto-day events of life,

thing as being partially honest. To be honest, to The honesty in a classroom when others may be

adhere to truth, is not something to be conditioned by cheating; the honesty in an athletic contest, even

the situation of the moment. when a lie may produce a winning margin; the honThe Lord has commanded that we are to be honest esty with the Lord in keeping the commandments as

in all situations. The dishonesty of others cannot be you promise each Sunday when you partake of the

an excuse for us. He has said in this regard, "Verily, sacrament—all of these decisions are the seeds that

verily, I say unto you, wo be unto him that lieth produce honest, upright, and successful men and to deceive because he supposeth that another lieth to women.

deceive, for such are not exempt from the justice of It is so true that "out of small tilings proceedeth that

God."(D&C 10:28.) which is great."(D&C 64:33.) O

October 1968 85

Samoan Representative Mrs. America Regional Representatives

President Samuelu Atoa, Sister Joan Fisher, Two new Regional Representatives of the Council first counselor in the Apia of the Winder (Salt Lake of the Twelve have been called by the First Presidency.

Stake presidency, City) Tenth Ward and They are Elders Gerald G. Smith and Keith E. Garner.

represented Western Samoa mother of three children, Elder Smith will oversee the Spanish Fork, Utah, in the Interregional has been crowned region, and Elder Garner will oversee the OaklandWalnut

Seminar on the Development Mrs. America of 1969 in Creek region of northern California. Elder Smith,

of Senior Administrators ceremonies at St. Paul, former president of the Eastern States Mission, has been a

in the Public Service Minnesota. The new member of two stake presidencies and is presently

of Developing Countries in Mrs. America, wife of M. serving in the presidency of the mission home

Switzerland. He is chairman Byron Fisher, is active in Salt Lake City. He and his wife, Olive, are the parents

of the Public Service Comin MIA teaching of three children. Elder Garner, recently

mission of Western Samoa. assignments. released as president of the Southern Far East

Mission, has served as bishop and high councilor. He

The LDS Scene and his wife, Marilynn, are the parents of four children.

Karate Championships Prophets in Portrait

Ed Parker of the South Pasadena Portraits of Presidents Joseph Smith and Brigham (California) Ward recently sponsored and Young hang in the newly opened National Portrait Gallery directed the Fifth Annual International in Washington, D.C., which is sponsored by the

Karate Championships, often called Smithsonian Institution. Some 300 works, including

the "world series of karate."paintings, sculpture, and photographs of those

Brother Parker, a wellknown who have contributed to the diverse past of America, are instructor and author of karate, hosted on display in the old Patent Office, a building in more than 1,800 participants in the twoday which Abraham Lincoln celebrated his second inaugural affair at the Long Beach, California, arena. ball, and which housed many of the Civil War wounded.

86 Improvement Era

In beautifu LIVING COLOR ustrated Stories From The Book of Mormon

Thousands are now enjoying VoL I and highly praising it.

What some think of this series:

A leading educator:

"Great.... This belongs in every LDS

home."

Enthusiastic readers:

"This makes the stories in the Book of

Mormon live."

"It makes it so easy to read and understand."

A bishop: "Why didn't we have this when I was raising my family?"

An educator:

"The greatest educational breakthrough on the Book of Mormon to date."

A seminary teacher:

"I've waited 20 years for this work....

It's great."

A father: "I can hardly get my children to bed after family home evening.... They

want to read and reread this great book."From many happy subscribers:

"My family have almost worn out our first volume. We can hardly wait for

the next one."

First two volumes now available.

World Conference on Records Order now by mail or from local representatives. Not available

Planning sessions for the World Conference on in book stores.

Records, sponsored by the Church's Genealogical Society, were highlighted by a recent banquet and preconference meetings attended by church, civic, governmental, commercial, and other internationally PROMISED163 EAST VINELANDST.,PUBLICATION,MURRAY, UTAHINC.84107.

respected genealogists, archivists, librarians,

Please send copies of Volume I, and historians. The conference, to be held August 5-8,

copies of Volume II. "Illustrated

1969, in the new Salt Lake County Salt Palace, Stories From the Book of Mormon"—

will host conferees from all sections of the world. Many $6.50 each plus 24c tax and 50c for postage

famous scholars and experts have already registered totaland packing.number ofI enclosebooks—Or send forC.O.D.

for the conference, the first of its kind ever to be I am interested in being a sales representaheld. Among those experts attending the planning sessions tive for these publications. Please contact

were Dr. Aziz S. Atiya, Middle East scholar, me.

Mrs. Atiya, widely recognized papyriologist, and Name Ward

Dr. Baron Karl Friedrich von Frank, noted German Address Stake

genealogist from Austria. City & State

Zip Code

October 1968 87 "...one of the most

Buffs spiritual feasts and I have ever read..".."

Rebuffs

HELP!

This is when your insurance man has to go to work for you. To make

sure he will, make sure now he's an independent insurance agent.

His job is to serve you first when you need help most. We're independent agents. Call us any time.

YOUR/lmr/ Mndependenv Insurance/agentSERVES YOU FIRST t

HEBER J. GRANT & CO.

General Agents, Salt Lake City "Can You Teach Johnny..."Inuvik, Northwest Territories. The

branch is composed of about 40 mem-

I found "Can You Teach Johnny to Pray"bers. There is one member family at

[June] to be one of the most spiritual Coppermine on Coronation Gulf, and one feasts I have ever read in my long years lone member at Cambridge Bay on of reading the Era. While I was reading Victoria Island. This member may be

this story, tears came to my eyes—tears the northernmost member of the Church

of joy for this family the story was based anywhere.

on. As a small boy I didn't know too Clifford D. Mader

River, Northwest Territories, DO YOU NEED muchexperiencesabout I prayer,will neverbut forget.a coupleGodof HayCanada

A RECORD PLAYER thoughdoes listenthey mayto heartfeltbe from prayers,children. evenThe Another Buff

like to I congratuwife would and My FOR YOUR WARD? story was very special. C. D. Brady fine that the you magazine you on

Slidell, Louisiana late possible someeach month. For make

time now we have found the Era to be

Conference Issues informative and useful as well as enterthe taining. occasion one than more On I to to don't Since get go much, Church our strengthen publication us has helped

I I like to say have would much how diffifaith rather deal with some and testimonies the reading enjoyed and cult questions.

all O. messages from and David McKay Rickertsen Gerry Larry and

I espeof leaders the other Church. the Connecticut Haven, New cially Era, issue of the enjoyed the June

and hope to get to read about the fall "... Out of the Best Books"conference.

Lessie Bridges I am a member of a small branch here

ATC Comer, Georgia in England, and we share an Improve300T Era of Youth mentand everyoneEra. It islongsa wonderfulfor theirmagazine,turn to

$74.95 I have greatly enjoyed the articles, and ingcometalksround.given Iby reallythe Prophet,love thePresidentinspirstories. the wonderful have most you of the O. leaders the and David McKay, quality for amplifier good Large

in I I stories, the read use them When I spirit feel in the reading them, Church; music.

is life. daily fanof Youth Era The my learn one. something from each and The

P. A. for input Microphone use in tastic. friends in the enjoy Church My I stories short their love, especially with

Hall. or Cultural Chapel I publish could it very wish you much. beautiful messages. the of ye out "Seek

stories to teach us more through our best opinion books"—in in classrooms. the Era is around my Easy to move

daily life. certainly these. one of

films. with syncronized May be Patricia Booth Marianne Hummel

Buy the record player Schools buyNew Berlin, Wisconsin Stafford

ATC. Staffordshire, England

Northernmost Branch? Burn the Book

available Players RecordOther are part wonder if we at We for large room use.Lower prices & in the ernmost Church. branch of theWenorthlive Theten byarticleDon"BurnVincentthe Book"di Francesca,[May], writfirst

George Webb Sales Company in Hay River, and attend the branch at Italian convert to be baptized on the 937 East 3300 South Salt Lake City, Utah 84106

88 Improvement Era island of Sicily, was an exciting story. An

item has come to our attention concerning this story that we feel is of interest to for original manuscriptEra readers. The Ask the woman R.the submitted by Ortho article was

Fairbanks, sculptor at the Church College of Hawaii, who had spent several years in Italy, where he met Brother di.. Francesca. who owns one

Before publication of the article, we letter the following Brother received from is for a check Fairbanks: $50, Mrs. Nathan Dopp has "Enclosed

which The Improvement Era sent to me new time for family for the story submitting of the to them di "One reason we conversion of Brother Vincent Don

Francesca, When I submitted the story, chose gas is because it to in could the hopes go was money our have we home died, the before him. however, He—gas heated with I in printed. right don't feel story was

accepting the money, and would like to and we knew it send this Di Francesca fund to the would be cheaper."

Italian to to Mission perpetuate used be Mrs. Dopp, Nathan

fit."his see or however you name

5th North West, fitting to 168 a memorial be would What Logan, Utah di Francesca? Brother would he How

want the money used? How could the

fund help provide for the spiritual Mrs. Clyde Haskell

betterment of the Saints he loved so paints more often much?

Well, the month of March marked the "I'd say my gas first Stella, issue the Church of La Unidryer saves me five in fied the Italian language. Magazine

It constituted the first opportunity for the hours a week. And

Italian Saints to read the words of the And there's no the Authorities and Prophet General and maintenance on a to learn beautiful organizathe about gas dryer..."tions of the Church. programs and A

big initial Stella drive was in process at Mrs. Clyde Haskell,

the time the Di Francesca fund was re455 E. 700 South,

ceived. Suddenly the answer to the Di Payson, Utah

Francesca fund question came.

The branch president of the Palermo

Branch, Elder Kent L. Walgren, wrote A gas dryer gives you so much more than beautifully

to this office that literallv explaining of in Palermo could dried clothes at low cost. It gives you time—time to benone the members

afford the amount necessary for a Stella the woman you want to be.

subscription.

The perfect way to perpetuate his Hanging clothes and needless ironing shouldn't rob you obvious. suddenlyname became In of your many opportunities to be a better wife and mother in the March there were 29 members

Palermo Branch, and so each active fam-—or just to be yourself.

ily of the branch received a oneyear subscription forLa Stella in the name of Let your gas appliance dealer show you how di Francesca. EveryoneDon Vincent

felt that this was a most fitting tokento save time too—with a gas dryer.

to bring the words of modern prophets to Brother di Francesca's own people in their native tongue.

R. Brent Bentley Italian Mission MOUNTAIN FUEL

Information Coordinator SUPPLY COMPANY "Two Converts Look..."

For total comfort and convenienceit's natural GAS!

An almost unbearable warmth welled up inside me as I read the beautiful story "Two Converts Look at the Church"

I, too, after [July]. a convert; and am |"P"in for I years, lived 13 a convent had CHURCH & COX'S DELICOUS

a of years Catholic I was which two ka Lm FURNITUREsCHOOL II pKrr it that I joy indescribablenun, with was I found the true Church. The magnifiCreamedMoney

cent ending to this beautiful story was one of the best in the U.S.

Brother Pruyn's remark, "We are also

Tables Chairs Folding Special Holiday & converts:glad seen are have we we and CATALOG Chairs Stacking little experienced other the how very Gift Boxes

i Lecterns Blackboards side I to offer,"agree has wholeheartRacks Coat & edly, with. TABLES!TABLES!...- Delivery!mony CHAIRS!CHAIRS! /'i in mytearsheart.in my eyes and a testiImmediate Hat

Mrs. Virginia Posselt

Portland, Oregon (Write for Adirondack124-H Park Ave. So.; N.Y.C. 10010 Free Brochure)

FARMS COX HONEY Points Shipping CHICAGO Idaho 83274—PITTSBURGHATLANTA LOS ANGELES Shelley, DALLAS BOSTON

October 1968 89 the pioneers. Senator Wallace F. BenThe Church nett said: "The vanguard group of

Moves On pioneers1847 camewhoby enteredoxcart andthe onvalleyfoot toin escape religious persecution in the

Middle West. Today, the stubborn

desert they faced in Utah has in reality been tamed through sweat and dogged determination."Noting that his own

Prices grandparents trekked across the plains, are LOW Senator Frank E. Moss said the Utah

in Idaho holiday "is celebrated by Mormons and nonMormons alike, because of the imSome 50 styles include all L.D.S. temple portance of the day to Utah history."

designs in white and latest parchments.

Matching Mormon albums, napkins, other accessories. One day rush order service. In Mexico City, the Tabernacle

Choir presented the first of two concerts before an appreciative audience at the Palace of Fine Arts.

Send 25c for catalog & samples, refunded on first order. (50c if air mail desired.) The twoday 1968 allChurch golf

REXCRAFT, Rexburg, Idaho 83440 July 1968 tournament opened at the Alpine

Name - Country Club, American Fork, Utah.

Address - An enthusiastic audience of

City, Zone, State - 4,000 attended this evening's Arnold Ferrin of Ogden, Utah,

Tabernacle Choir concert at HemisFair won the allChurch golf tourna- '68 in San Antonio, Texas. ment. Jeff Ellis, Seattle, Washington,

won the junior title.

500 President and Mrs. David 0. An artistically impressive concert by

City's in Choir at Tabernacle Mexico one of the

Arts) of Fine Bellas Artes (Palace UNDER TABLETS the automobiles0. McKay werethat seatedled the annual

'47 City at brought a standing ovation from the parade in Days of Salt Lake PAR? this Earlier audience. morning. President $8.95 nine

cil of the Seventy addressed the The First Presidency announced WHY NOT TRY Hartman Rector, Jr., of the First CounLYMAN'S traditionalGardens. sunrise services at Lindsay Jensentheas appointmentpresident of oftheHeberAlbertaG.

After breakfasting with servicemen Temple at Cardston. President Jensen VITAMINS

at Lackland Air Force Base, the Taberis serving presently as president of the

MINERALS? base'snacle Choiroutdoorpresentedamphitheatera concertto approxiin the NewTheZealandappointmentsTemple. of 0. Preston

UNBELIEVABLE VALUE mately 10,000 of the 18,000 airmen Robinson, Gerald G. Allen, Rex A. Wadstationed there. This afternoon the ham, Kenneth L Neal, and Gary Q.

Don Lyman choir sang a brief concert in front of Jorgensen to the general board of the 2431 Highland Dr. the U. S. Pavilion at HemisFair. At the Deseret Sunday School Union were

Salt Lake City, Utah same time nearly three hundred LDS announced.

Please send Daily Supply Tablets children marched in a delightful Pioneer The Mormon Pioneer Trail and the postage free.

Day parade. This evening the choir Mormon Battalion Route are two of 14

Quantity500 tablets $8.95 gave their final concert before an entrails included in legislation by the

200 tablets $3.90 thusiastic audience in the HemisFair House of Representatives authorizing a

arena. national system of historic trails across

[Na me Both Utah senators this week had the nation, Congressman Lawrence J.

| Address addressed the U. S. Senate eulogizing Burton of Utah announced.

City J I State Zip

I 90 Improvement Era After singing. at dedication ceremonies of buildings at the LDS El Approved=Wdeoi,

de las Escolar BenemeritoCentro custovof With Sto*-*U and Vk c0*per oX can in Mexico City, membersAmericas the Tabernacle Choir returned to Salt

Lake City by chartered jet liners. *tt>

eliminate'! iaIy CoPS **

r,- The first performance of this year's America's Witness for handsome Pageant, utifnWChrist, was prethe Palmyra 6 Tn adap u * Point at appreciative audience to ansented the Hill Cumorah in upstate New York.

It's BP?9phete. **dAugust 1968 a unshed-W*

The auditing of every member's certificate of membership by bishops and ward clerks was begun.

It is expected that the Herculean taskwill be completed by March 7, 1969, > enabling the records to be brought into an automated program by the Presiding Bishopric.

The appointment of Elder Boyd K. Packer, Assistant to the Council of the Twelve, as the managing

director of the Home Teaching Committee was announced. In this position he

succeeds President Alvin R. Dyer of the

First Presidency.

The appointment of President Loren

C. Dunn of the First Council of the

Seventy to serve on the MissionaryCommittee was announced. LEADERSHIP

Ground was broken today for a halfRAPHIC ARTS million dollar visitor's center in Independence, Missouri, near the site that Deseret News Press the Prophet Joseph Smith designated 1600 Empire Road for a temple in 1831. Salt Lake City, Utah

The appointments of Bryan L. Bunker 84104

and Edward H. Sorensen as counselors

to President O. Leslie Stone of the Salt

Lake Temple were announced.

The weeklong season of presentation of America's Witness for Christ concluded this evening at the Hill

Cumorah. In the opinion of many, it

was "indeed the best ever."Among the

General Authorities who were present at some of the performances were

Elders Mark E. Petersen and Richard L.

Evans of the Council of the Twelve and Elder Marion D. Hanks, Assistant

produces offset equipment modern web Our to the Council of the Twelve. each month. magazines 1,000,000 over

October 1968 91 To get a little nearer to your telephone,

get a telephone nearer to you. All missionaries and other perEnjoy an extension phone in your home this sonnel of the Church are reweek. Just call our Business Office or ported safe after the recent earthquake

ask a Telephone Serviceman. in the Philippines.

Mountain Missionaries,Church propertymembers,were all andreStates ported safe from the effects of the

Telephone recent Mexican earthquake.

The appointment of T. Max

Fortie to the general board of the Deseret Sunday School Union was announced.

The appointments of Owen L Archibald and J. Golden Snow as counselors

to President Heber G. Jensen of the

Alberta Temple were announced.

The First Presidency repeated their announcement that chapels and other buildings of the Church

Fullpage, fullcolor all existing temples ings or rallies. While of theTEMPLES pictures of should not be used for political meetNumerous fourcolor members pictures ofand the Latterday Saints interiors temple are free Church in to engage and 1 The Purpose of Temples—Presiin involved political become campaigns, I dent David 0. McKay

The LDS Concept of Marriage they should not use Churchowned

President Hugh B. Brown facilities, nor should members ask

in positions of authority for the AncientFunctions—SidneyTemples B.andSperryTheir those

Other pertinent articles on disuse of such facilities. The First Presitinctive features of "Mormondency also cautioned against using

ism"Order from political candidates as sacrament meeting speakers.

The reappointment of Mrs. Marvel M. Young to the general

79 South State Street board of the Primary Association was

Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 announced.

The appointments of Mrs. Luella

Wheeler Finlinson and Mrs. Norma B.

per copy Ashton to the general board of the k formore25 or. Relief Society were announced.

The appointment of Elder Henry 1 D. Taylor, Assistant to the

Council of the Twelve, as vicechairman

H. of the Adult Correlation Committee was

announced.

The appointments of Gerald G.

JttrJB *-*< Smith and Keith E. Garner as Regional

Representatives of the Council of the

K-* Twelve were announced. Elder Smith's

call is to the Spanish Fork (Utah) region, succeeding his late brother,

Stanford G. Smith.

Improvement Era

EXTRA LOW PRICES

These Times

INCLUDING ALL THE LATEST PARCHMENTS IN SILVERGRAY AND BEAUTIFUL PASTELS. 60 STYLES TO CHOOSE

FROM INCLUDING ALL L.D.S. TEMPLE

DESIGNS.

ALSO NAPKINS, INFORMALS, THANK

YOU NOTES, AT HOME CARDS, ENCLOSURES, MORMON ALBUMS, GUEST

BOOKS AND ACCESSORIES.

SEND 25c (50c IF AIRMAIL REQUESTED) (CREDITED ON FIRST ORDER) FOR

CATALOG, SAMPLES AND FREE ETIQUETTE WHEEL.

24hour (in our plant) service if desired! The Racial

J'lffff m

-SfAt!; Name

Address

City, State, Zip evolution L FOOD STORAGE BOOKLET in America WHAT SHOULD WE STORE?

STORING TO PREVENT SPOILAGE ROTATION PLAN, ETC.

By G. Homer Durham

President, University Arizona State 7 was a be "saved"without time in some We cannot

Group Rates AvailableThereAmerican towns when them, nor they without us. They

people could stand apart cannot stand apart from the issue. WALTER D. BATCH ELOR

from the compelling tasks Brookline cannot stand apart from 61 Beacon Ave., Layton, Utah

and issues of race relations. That Roxbury, Beverly Hills from Watts,

time may still exist for a few, in a nor Chevy Chase from Washington, MWVn4HKMI (i(ii)i ii)4 few places, perhaps some northern S.W.

rural community or other place We are more than ever one IN USE FOR OVER 75 YEARS "back home."But such places, if nation, under God, indivisible. But

any, are very, very few. Our sons, liberty and justice for all are still Aids in treatment of simple sore

daughters, grandchildren, and lacking. This is the special feelthroat and other minor mouth and

those beyond live in Detroit, in ing of many underprivileged people throat irritations.

Washington, Atlanta, Los Angeles, in our society, including a large

Boston, Chicago, and elsewhere. segment of our black citizens.

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City, Utah -i>--omt>.[>-ho<<:

October 1968 93 The racial revolution in America derives from race, and without reference to any other thing, are, by majority consent of today's congresses, by the fact that all men are children of God.

three amendments to the Constitution of the United States, and by a century of legislative effort since

All men are children of God. The tions. My ancestors, for example, those amendments, immoral and

racial revolution in America, after except for the seventeenth century illegal.

all is said and done, derives from Scovils of Connecticut, came to The nation's journals express this fact. Each human being has this country since 1840. But the view that our conscience is the

inborn tendencies and acquired nearly all the American Negroes prime asset in extending the hand aspirations. Conspirators and descend from individuals who of help and uplift to the underevangelists may play upon these came as early as 1612, and not privileged of all races. What can

aspirations, but the child of God later, generally, than 1818. Cris- I do? The voice of conscience has

remains. For good or evil, he is a pus Attucks, a Negro, was killed asked this question in America for

child of God. in the "Boston Massacre"in 1774, decades. Today it is being anIn America, human beings are 50 years before my ancestor, swered not only by Congress, but

under heavy persuasion and Thomas Durham, patriarch of the also by the nation's business stimuli to seek material selfParowan Stake, was born in Oldleadership.

improvement. Inducements to ham, England. Green Flake, Oscar I have recently sat in meetings

seek material comforts are neverCrosby, and Hark Lay, black Utah with the business leadership of the ceasing. An old comic strip, pioneers in the first company of Phoenix area and have seen that

"Keeping Up With the Joneses,"1847, arrived in the Salt Lake much qan be done. The National

long ago depicted this phase of Valley several years before my anAlliance of Businessmen, headed

Americana. Modern advertising cestor L. N. Scovil brought his by Henry Ford II and Leo Beebe,

and mass media emphasize it. companies, immigrants who had executive vice president of Ford

The glorification of constitulanded at New Orleans, west Motor Company, has gone to work tional freedoms, the powerful across the plains to Utah. Hark this year in the largest American

winds of democracy, and the Lay, Oscar Crosby, Green Flake, communities to find jobs for disvoices of mass communication in their descendants, and their anadvantaged people. Their efforts

America are so persistent and concestors must have heard somemay represent one of the more tinuous that all hear, see, or thing about "We hold these truths important ventures of this decade.

imagine "a better world."The to be selfevident,"and "Our In the Phoenix area, the business

disadvantaged people, including Father which art in heaven."These leaders placed 1,600 disadvanthe Negro, cannot but hear and be doctrines and the aspirations that taged youths in summer jobs by

moved to resentment. Their existgo with them must have moved June 15, with 1,000 permanent

ing conditions, as many approach them, as others have been moved. jobs also provided for the unemadulthood, offer little hope. Today, urban Americans are ployed "hardcore"adults. If the

Speaking of the Negroes, only in caught up in a great civil and solabor unions, schools, churches, recent years have qualified black cial upheaval. The presence of and other private agencies do as

studentathletes found acceptabilcolored faces, black, yellow, or much and as well in their respecity in otherwise "white"public brown, in any classroom or auditive fields as these Arizona busicolleges and universities of Amerence, observed by many leaders of nessmen (and their counterparts ica. But their presence now, on this generation, denotes important in the 50 largest cities), much

almost every major college playing current development toward fuller good will have been launched.

field, represents the new genrealization of the ideals of citizenThe average business leader eration. ship, of the ideals of the fatherknows that a job is the foundation

"Land where my fathers died"hood of God and the brotherhood of selfrespect. The firms cooperstill refers to Europe for many of man. Segregation and disating with the National Alliance of

Americans. There are white crimination, as abstract thought Businessmen know that most of

American families that go back processes in chemistry, may well the hardcore unemployed are unonly one or two generations in be natural and intelligent. But skilled, unschooled, and have

this country. Others reach back segregation and discrimination in petty or even more serious criminal

three, four, five, or more generasociety, on the basis purely of records. Many such records stem

94 Improvement Era from ignorance, from unwitting involvement in details of automobile and other sales contracts, from unmet payments and interest, from frustration, from neighborhood brawls or near brawls, from trafficlopies—andincidentsfrom incrimeswornoutof vioja-

lence. The businessmen know

that these individuals will have to be encouraged and motivated, gently but effectively retrained, and encouraged: moreover, that

they will have to be tolerated and understood by their fellow workers, and that it is a long, hard road.

But it has been inspiring to see the business community assume responsibility and exert such outstanding leadership for this revolutionary work. Executives have been

loaned to, and are spending full time on, the project. New train-

—bothing programsfor thehaveoldbeenestablished,launched

existing workers, and for the THE BEST IN WORLD WIDE NEWS COVERAGE recruits. New personnel policies

have had to be made in order to LDS BOOKS AND RECORDS extend the helping hand of busi15% CASH SAVINGS ON OVER 500 SELECTIONS ness to those who heretofore sim20% savings on selected titles

obtain books details to and records your Catalog on and ply how at LDS a could not compete. will they be sent request; included,''lv percent and upon with 15?0 ffj r R order. you your'n 9selectionss of when is This not a weekend task nor F

a summer project. It represents THE HOUSE OF THE LORD OUT OF THE BEST BOOKS, THE WAY TO HAPPINESS

E. Talmage by by Rulon S. Howells James Vo '- will busi- a that the task occupy * Clark by Thomas and

(reg. $1.50) $1.25) paper $1.00 $1.20

(reg. $2.60) $2.08 rest of the ness community this (reg(reg. Cloth $2.95) $2.36 IN LIFE HIGHLIGHTS THE BEST OF THE BOOKS OUT

LIFE LOVE 0. AND PRESIDENT OF ABOUT DAVID century beyond. and perhaps 1, 2, Vols. & 3 Griffin M.D.'s Belnap by & McKay Clark by Thomas and In times, unfinished these the (reg. $2.95) $2.50 by Morrell Jeannette McKay (reg. $2.95) each $2.36 (reg. $4.95) $3.96 FIRE REFINER'S THE revoluof the business American

LIFE R. Alvin Dyer EVERLASTING by

S. Crowther by Duane for pursuit INTRODUCTORY quest "the (reg. $4.76 $5.95)tion—the

(reg. $4.50) $3.60 THE OF CHILD'S STORY OFFER Aof fulfillment the and LIVING MEANINGFUL savings cash 25"o or more OF MORMON BOOK

H. by Paul Dunn naof the 1, Vol. 2, happiness"citizenship—confronts (reg. $3.00) $2.40 3, 4. FASCINATING WOMANNeeley Peterson by Deta alltion. cannot be left work The OF COMBOOK MORMON (reg. HOOD $2.00) each $1.60

PENDIUM Set Edition nor to the (reg. the government,to Revised $6.40 & New

by Sidney B. Sperry B. Andelin Helen by IMMORTO ON $8.00)THE WAY National Alliance of Businessmen. $6.95) $5.91 (reg. $5.95) $4.46 (reg. ETERNAL TALITY AND

OF SALVADOCTRINES lines of an might theAs LIFE. old hymn OF FOUR BOOK HOUR

Vols. Jr. 1, 2, Clark, TION 3 by J. Reuben & DIGEST MORMON for there paraphrased, is work be Fielding by Joseph (reg. Smith $3.94) $3.16 by John D. Hawkes

(reg. $3.75) each $3.00 STORY JOSEPHSMITH (reg. all THE $1.95) do, to the ere $1.46 sun down. goes

(reg. $11.25) Set $9.00—Record MARDATING AND TEEN in this connection, theAnd, HISCOMPREHENSIVE Recordings Covenant by RIAGE

OF THE TORY CHURCH in injunction Savior's E. Petersen Matthew 25 (reg. $3.98) $3.18 by Mark

1, 2, Edition Vols. Student Special (reg. $1.25) 750 poignant: increasingly becomes 3, 4, 5, 6

"Inasmuch as ye have done it (reg. $4.50) by B.eachH. Roberts$3.60

unto one of the least of these my (reg. $27.00) Set $21.60

brethren, ye have done it unto POSTAGE Residents of Arizona add 3 percent

United States sales tax. per 10c send $3.00

or order me."(Matt. 25:40.) O portion thereof. (Ex. $1.90 LDS MAILBOX BOOKSTORE order 10c; order $3.25 20c)

All Foreign Countries send 15c per P. O. Box 2454; 346 S. Hobson St.

$3.00 order or portion thereof. Mesa, Arizona 85201, Tel: 9647061

Offer good anywhere in world

October 1968 95 End of an Era

"Yes,"said the personnel A group of Church members manager to the job applicant, from California, en route to "what we're after is a man

Salt Lake City for of vision; a man with drive,

general conference, stopped determination, fire; a man who

Life in Las Vegas for can inspire others; a man who

pull our bowling team The refreshments. waitress can Among

last out of place!"coffee quickly brought the

to and a percolator Mormons cups Our message is one of a was but the table living speaks now, God who that informed the group H$K voice heard, we have coffee and whose drink didn't would have milk instead. whose countenance has shifted

As she went for their order, upon us, and whose words she was heard to say, we know and teach to others.—Elder Bruce R. McConkie Myrle Phelps, "Wow! Did you ever see so

Montpelier, Idaho many ulcer patients in Sign in a restaurant: "Eat here

one bunch?"once and you'll never live

to regret it."

I have never let my schooling I've never quite been able to Our son, who had been interfere with my education. understand the explanation longing to attend Primary but who

—Mark Twain of the origin and existence of the wasn't yet old enough, heard

halo—and yet it isn't because the announcement on

it is over my head. television of a state primary

Our youths love luxury. They—T. Kirkwood Collins election and exclaimed,

have bad manners, contempt for "Oh, boy! Primary on TV!"

authority; they show disrespect for They laughed when I sat—Sheila M. Stewart, Snowflake, Arizona

their elders, and love to chatter down to play the piano with my in place of exercise. Children are hands tied behind my back. My interest is in the future,

now tyrants, not the servants of their They didn't know I played because I am going to spend the households. They no longer by ear! rest of my life there.

Franklin Kettering, rise when their elders enter the—CharlesAmerican inventor

room. They contradict their Wife: Don't you think it's about

parents, chatter before company, time we took Junior to the zoo? Calamities are of two kinds:

gobble up their food, and tyrannize Husband: Why? If they want misfortune to ourselves,

their teachers. him bad enough, they'll come and good fortune to others.

—Socrates, 400 B.C. after him.—Ambrose Bierce

"End of an Era"will pay $3 for humorous anecdotes and experiences that relate to the Latterday Saint way of life. Maximum length 150 words.

96 Improvement Era Read These Results see how the NEW MoneyMaking Book

Kathryn Beich Plan Pays Off!

Free to your school, church, club Church Makes $3500.00

"Used the profit from Kathryn Beich or other civic organization!

Candy sale to provide laboratory equipment for our foreign mission."

GIRLS CLUB SELLS $18,0001 And they do it every year with these fine candies! Money buys Christmas baskets

of food for the needy.

Boys Earn $2008 in 42 Days For New Camping Equipment!

This Chicago area youth group has sold over $12,000 of candy in the past three years! "Customers are waiting for us..."

is the reason.

"New hospital wing was great, but the old lobby was outof-place. Your candy gave

us $10,000 to remodel everything... even

enough for a color television!"

"We Learned The Hard Way..."

"We have sold your candy for years to finance trips to fairs and football games.

But last Fall a fast talking salesman sold us another candy... with prizes

and supposedly more profit... and we

fell flat. Your Kathryn Beich quality,

variety and value was missing. People

who used to buy a case of Katydids, etc., grudgingly bought one box. We

had to return half the shipment. That's

is best. plan the your learning hard way 20PAGE BOOKLET SHOWS HOW TO

we'll or this case order 200 Please rush miss our Expo Canada trip and be in big trouble with our youngsters."Earn $50-$5000 Fast and Easy

with Kathryn Beich Candies!

Grateful Little League This factfilled guide outlines how to plan and operate a profitable "Made enough to make our team the bestmoney-making project—large or small—at any time of the year and withequipped, bestdressed in the conference out risk of your own money.

... they are winning more this season, too!"This tested plan will also introduce you to the legendary Kathryn Beich

Candies. Choose from luscious chocolates, fine butter mints, rare toffees, tender

crumbles—thirteen "Gift Quality"candies priced from 50—including three new

HIGH SCHOOL BAND SUCCESS candies offered for the first time!

"We just have to be a winner in this year's Millions of people have bought these confections to support thousands of difcontests with $4000 worth of new equipferent projects. For example, an Indiana Boy's Club made $1806—sold first order in

ment... thanks to Kathryn Beich."two days! Excellent service helped Denver medical club raise over $500

for research! Here's why it is so easy: We send the candy you need, /> *S epir,\

M A"costs. shipping raise or more, pay even to and $50to $5000 enough FIRETRUCK! Pay % BUYS CANDY NTE!? c0*'? '**''

if today! sale. finish want. Write your 60 days you Take up to after you we'll have enough and more dime "One

cash for the volunteer department's new truck. Thank you for your help!"Rus h Cou po n R>r FREE Book I et

DO YOU WANT new band uniforms? More Little Dept. 36P4, (pronouncedBloomington,"Bike")III. 61701

League equipment? Special Send Free guide and complete details.

assistance for your Church or choir? ORGANIZATION NAME:

SFND TO For these and any other project, ADDRESS

CITY STATF ZIP CODE PHONF (Continental U.S.A. Only)SEND COUPON NOW!

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

baby means newMaking the Family Life the Good Life... a new

financial responsibilities... the challenge that every father faces; providing for

his loved ones now and in the future. Through their valued council, highly trained Beneficial Life agents help to assure a continu- "QTTFTTPTAT TTPP

ance of "the good life"for thousands of families. manee(Sman% r City, VUtah Virgil H. Smith, Pres. \$/ Salt Lake

"WflS"

LiWi*,