The St. George Temple

APRIL 1957 it now!Remarkable new washday product! Discover

WHITE

KING

"Blue Jeans Wash with "Cashmere Gentleness"

it!Only new White King D has

Imagine! The same boxful of D washes every washable thing your family uses -

from greasy, grimy work and play clothes to fabulouslypriced cashmere sweaters.

This washing miracle is possible because of White King's special formula - one of the greatest advances in its field to make your washdays easier. You'll find only White King D

combines the goget-'em that gets at dirt with the gentleness finest things must have.

So, next time, reach for D. You'll be glad you did.

Here's exciting proof of gentleness:

This $37.50 cashmere was washed 20

times in D- ( the same washday product that gets your $1.98 jeans so clean and

bright). And the sweater's still as blue

and lovely as new! The feel! - as lusciously soft as the day it was bought!

e& CHOCOLATE l Exploring the Universe urns

Smart new party cookie

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

million timesA soundmay haveso louda millionas to be almost painful the intensity of a sound that can barely be heard. White cocoanut

the United States there are 37 cream center

In places called Berlin, 21 Rome, 19 cloaked in rich others there andVienna, among are dark chocolate

Russia; St. Petersburg fromMoscow and

Paris and Vincennes from France;

Athens, Sparta, Syracuse, and Ithaca from ancient Greece; and Utica from

ancient Carthage.

A fewScientificyears Directorago Dr. Robertof the C.SugarHockett,Research Foundation, gave some figures

on the amount of land needed to produce the 3,000 calories a day needed by an average 154pound man. That

amount of energy derived from sugar (taking onequarter from beets and threequarters from cane) would require 0.13 acre instead of about 3.5

acres for the United States average. The

required acreage necessary for other foods producing the same number of calories is as follows: potatoes, 3 times

the average needed for sugar; corn

meal, 6; whole wheat flour, 6; refined

wheat flour, 8; hogs (pork and lard),

13; whole milk, 19; eggs, 46; chickens,

62; and steers, 113.

The dragonfly nymphs or larvae live under water and breathe by sucking water into a chamber lined with oxygenextracting gills at the rear of the abdomen. When the water is expelled by

muscular contraction, the nymph is jet propelled forward a considerable distance.

The African Negroes of the Suk tribes have such a complicated coiffure, made by rubbing the hair in animal fat and decorating it with small embedded objects, that it takes a long time to get keep from properly. To hair fixed the bv PURITY a sleeping, while the hairdo spoiling

Suk sleeps on a special headrest or PURITY BISCUIT CO. Salt Lake Phoenix Pocotello

wooden cushion, which is also carried when he is traveling.

APRIL 1957 209 BUILD MASONRY AROUND CHANGES AT THE UNTHE AFROASIAN "BLOC -The <fupjtfQtHeat Circulating Fireplace Unit by Dr. G. Homer Durham

HEATFORM retains the hospitality of VICE PRESIDENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH the open hearth, yet provides a fireplace with furnace efficiency. Heating

affair eastern political the western between and conorganization or Asocial firebox the upper and aroundchambers respectively the "blocs,"led United by changes. stantly important undergoes circulate large athroat capture and eleSoviet States the Union. The and is no exception. Nations United lost to the chimney of by The heatvolume so in of fundamental compromise, ment in organization "the housed now The fireplace.the oldfashioned political of aspects the peaceful the glass East the River"palace on in New

is for the guide a completeBecause HEATFORM missing. process, largely The was life in its institutional began City York

fireflue) of consisting walls to (hearthmasonry socalled "Latin with the United States insignificant 1946. 1956 During two saving throat, damper,box, smokedome, and

of plus 21 votes, bloc"American some apparent. These ternal changes were firebrick labor, a damper, separate andsome

HEATFORM fireplace costs little more than the were: the BritishNato-western group, was

allmasonry fireplace. (1) The emergence of the General confronted by the Soviet 9-vote group, or

The extra cost is returned many times over In Assembly as the principal political orvice-versa, with no consistent balancing fuel economy and comfortable living. In cold gan of the UN, rather than the Security element between. Today, the socalled

fireplace furnishesclimates, a HEATFORM 27 "bloc"AfroAsian can muster memall Council.

fall required during heat and springthe represent 27 votes, which bers, sometimes (2) The elevation to greater world the saving operating of the expensemonths;

central heating system. In mild climates, a prominence of the position of Secretaryone-third of the General Assembly's

HEATFORM fireplace is often all the heat reGeneral. total. These votes also represent the

in the averagequired home. of selfconscious aspirations nanew, 1 the column, As stated in a previous

of "politics"tions. the the GenThus fireplaceBuild den, recrea- a in your HEATFORM of the United Nation or in family room, room, where SecretaryGeneral eral acquired a any room new, and have Assembly

uniform heat is desired. In mountain or laketions is a position that, in world affairs (in terms of the politics of compromise)

with today, ranks cabins, world influence andshore a fireplace will add HEATFORM hopeful, aspect.

of pleasure. vacationmany weeks States, the presidency United of the the

premierships of the Soviet Union, Red This new element is forcefully disChina, the United Kingdom, and France. played in the formal organization of the

This is largely so because of the UN General Assembly for 1957. The

tendency of the large General Assembly new countries from the AfroAsian realm to supersede the Security Council as the are significantly represented in the presiprincipal political organ. dency and in three of the seven chairmanships of important committees.

The rise of the General Assembly, especially in 1956, can be explained by 1. The President of the General Asthe stalemate in the world military situsembly is Prince Wan Waithayakon,

Model "A"HEATFORM fireplace. ation occasioned by nuclear weapons; Foreign Minister of Thailand.

Air inlets at ends of raised by the wide area of world opinion repre- 2. The Ad Hoc or Special Political

delivheat For greaterhearth. has for its chairman Selim contrast in with Committee in the sented Assembly

face. airery, outlet on warm Sarper of Turkey. especialbut Council; more Security the

ly, in the light of these two circum- 3. The Economic Committee is led by

stances, by the admission of 16 new Mohammed Mir Khan of Pakistan.

members to the organization in Decem- 4. The Administrative Committee is

ber 1955, followed by four more in headed by Omar Loutfi of Egypt.

December 1956. The chairmanship of the most imAn organization which had 60 memportant committee, the Political Comber-states until December 1955 now has mittee, is held by a Latin American,

eighty. The addition of these 20 new Dr. Victor Belaunde of Peru. The Soseats in the General Assembly, within cial Committee is led by Hermod Lam-

a 12month period, has helped work a ming of Denmark, the Trusteeship by quiet revolution in the internal strucEnrique de Marchena of the Dominican ture of the United Nations. Republic. The Soviet bloc has oneModel "S"Heatform fireplace

affords view of fire from front Most of the 20 newly admitted memchairmanship only, the Legal Commitinlet AfricanAsian the either are side. Air from and bersand realm. tee, chaired by Dr. Karel Petrzelka of

outlet as on right on left. same a significant produce has helped This Czechoslovakia.

"politics"of the into the element new

Beadvantages. exclusive has many ofHEATFORM of the emergence new nations The UN. orfore WRITE your fireplace, remodel you build indicates another bloc"the "AfroAsian

information technical FREE by issues completefor were a seesaw 1956, Before most

America's leading authority; also for nearest basic shift in the balance of world power.

source of supply. ACCEPT NO SUBSTITUTE. xSee "Overture To the Second Inaugural,"These It was underscored and very evident

HEATFORM HAS NO EQUAL! Times, Era, January 1957. during the debates the writer was priviSUPERIOR FIREPLACE CO. leged to witness at the UN earlier this

year. It is another evidence why the

Dept. IE571 Dept. IE571

cultivating doctrine aims at Eisenhower

Artesia Ave. 601 North Point 4325 Rd. these

area in these friendship in this important Calif. wm Fullerton, Baltimore 6, Md.

times. 210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "The Lord has not left us to wonder;

He has not left us alone in the world to grope in darkness, but the Church which

He has founded is guided by the Spirit of Revelation, and the inspiration of the

Lord rests upon those who stand at the head."—Joseph Fielding Smith

REVELATION

By Lewis J. Harmer

Here is a remarkable new book.jit* which will materially aid each

member of the Church of Jesus THREE MORMON CLASSICS i Christ of Latterday Saints...

Alrf. from three classics: together "Leaves This book brings

Mi] for it clearly explains the prinhis of an account Journal,"Wilford Woodruff, by My of the in the missionary experiences early days R3I - 'r ciples of revelation and how revFirst Mission,"an account of George Q. Church; "My

Cannon's mission to Hawaii in 1850; "Jacob Hamblin,"KS elation is the very foundation of

by James A. Little, one of the best accounts we have

of missionary work among the Indians of the Souththe Church. Chapter 2 deals spewest. Contains many hours of priceless reading

pleasure. $3.25 m cificallyand tells withwho maypersonalreceiverevelationit. This

tmmBBm$tSMffi3&WMgHt study represents years of research into the many aspects of revelation, including personal visitations, translation and visions. $3.25 BOOKCRAFTPUBLISHERS TO THE L.D.S. TRADE

1186 SOUTH MAIN IN 7-79 11

These three hotels LDS owned and operated. Make them your headquarters

when in Phoenix, Arizona.

APRIL 1957 211 OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

ASSOCIATIONS, WARD TEACHERS, MUSIC COMMITTEE, DEPARTMENT VOLUME 60 NUMBER 4 OF EDUCATION, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints APRIL 1957

The Voice of the Church

THE COVER

The St. George Temple—first of the LDS

temples in the eighty years West—is young w

of April. is fullcolor this month cover Our

from a photograph by Josef Muench. (See

The Editor's Page also page 224.)

Just a Bit of Heaven on Earth President David O. McKay 221 DAVID O. McKAY

RICHARD L. EVANS Church Features Editors

Your Question: The Apostle Paul and Genealogical Research Doyle L. Green

Joseph Fielding Smith 222 Managing Editor 80 Years Service to our Lord Albert L. Zobell, Jr. 224 Marba C. Josephson

Testimony Delbert L. Stapley 226 Associate Managing Editor

Fishers of Men—MIA Reading Course: Jesus the Christ—X......Doyle L. Green 236 Elizabeth J.ProductionMoffitt Editor

of the of The Message Book Job Hoyt Palmer 239 Albert L. Zobell, Jr. and How, Tithed When, Why (A Reprint)...'. Joseph E. Robinson 248 We Research Editor

The Church Moves On 216 The Presiding Bishopric's Page 274 Eileen Gibbons

Melchizedek Priesthood 272 Manuscript Editor,

Archibald P. Bennett

Special Features G. Homer Durham

Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L. Evans 223, 256, 264, 284 Milton R. Hunter

In the Heart Lies Spring Elayne T. Anderson 229 Hugh Nibley

The Ross Eagar Story Eileen Gibbons 230 Lee A. Palmer

A Challenge to Parents—Neither Children nor Adults Antone K. Romney 233 Claude B..Petersen

"Nephites"Found in New Mexico—from a letter by Wilford Woodruff 242 Sidney B, Sperry

A Lost Generation Christine Wach Capener 247 Contributing Editors

The Golden Angel 250 ELBERT R. CURTIS

Arthur Elijah Morgan—Venerable Man of the Hills Lillian Sorensen 252 General Manager

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. HarDurham 210 BERTHA S. REEDER

ris, Jr. 209 Modesty Is the Best Policy 214 Associate Manager

at the These Times: Changes America's Smoking Habits 218 U N Verl P. Scott

AfroAsian "Bloc,"The G. Page Your and Ours Homer 288 Business Manager

Today's Family A. Glen Snarr

Be Shopping Wise when You Buy Eggs, Youth, Ruth I. J. Devereaux 279 Subscription Director

Norma Burnham 276 Toy R and R Hour, James W. Phillips..280 Thayer Evans

Regional Advertising Representative Stories, Poetry EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

To Be a King—Part III Hugh J. Cannon 234 YMMIA50Offices,North Main50 NorthStreetMain St.

Offices, 40 North Main St. YWMIA Pal Joey My Heifer Harold 240

Salt 16, Utah Lake City the Picnic Liz and Verne 244 Owen

National Advertising Representatives

Frontispiece, April Comes Spring! Dorothy O. Song, Evelyn Tooley 254 Hunt TOWNSEND, & CO, MILLSAP Rea 219 The Awakening, Beulah Sadleir....287 Huish St. 110 Sutter

Poetry Page 220 Sail California Francisco,

MILLSAP & CO.Copyright 1957 by Inc., Mutual Funds, published and by the Mutual Improvement Associations of the TOWNSEND, Park Place of JesusChurch Christ of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a year, 57, Los(172 AngelesLafayette Californiain foreign advance; subscriptions, $3.00 a year, single in advance; 25c copy.

at the Office,Entered Post Salt ASSOCIATES City, SANGSTON Lake as secondclass Utah matter. for Acceptance mailing at SADLER AND 342 Madison Ave.special rate of for postage provided in section 1103. of October 1917, Act authorized 1918. 2, July

17, York Y. N. NewThe Improvement not responsible for Era unsolicited manuscripts, but contributions welcomes

are paidManuscripts for ison acceptance rate at the of a and word be lc must & accompanied DAVIS by suffiSONS cient for postage delivery return. and St. LaSalle 30 N.

Illinois Chicago,Thirty notice days'required for change of address. a change, please When ordering include address

slip recent issue a from of the magazine. Address changes cannot be unless the made old address as Member, Audit Bureau of Circulationswell the as is included. new one

88:118 "Seek Ye Out of the Best Books Words of Wisdom"-D&C

Because of Popular Demand The LDS BOOKS CLUB Again Features

The Great Mormon Classic "JESUS THE CHRIST"by Dr. James E. Talmage

MIA Reading Course Book for two years

A study of the Messiah and his mission according to holy scriptures both ancient and modern, this book has been a best seller since 1915 when it was first published under an assignment from the general authorities of the Church. The author was a member of the Council of the Twelve

for many years and one of the great writers and scriptural authorities of the Church. A must for your library. $3.00

Books Club in the LDS to increase HOW THE CLUB Yourwill membershiphelp enable you

PLAN WORKS knowledge of the gospel, assist you in buildingyour 1. You join the club by ordering the book your testimony, and give you these additional

"Jesus The Christ"or one of the four alteradvantages: JESUS

nates described below. You may order two CHRIST

or more of the books if you desire. Fill out SAVINGS NtST THE

the coupon and mail along with your check or ofplan.about 20% through a free bonus book

money order. Your selection will be mailed

to you immediately. CAREFUL SELECTION

2. Each month after you become a member of ALL books recommended.

you will receive in the mail reviews of several books, carefully selected, with one named as CONVENIENCE the book of the month. If you wish to reof books delivered to your door.

ceive the top book you do nothing—it will besent to you in the mail, postpaid, along with METHODICAL

a statement. If you do not want the book, way of adding to your library.

the post card returnyou provided for an BEST NEW LDS BOOKS at all). (oralternate choice none

as they come from the press.

3. After you have purchased four books, a

fifth will be sent you FREE. You select this OLDER LDS CLASSICS

bonus book from a long list of choice Church such as Jesus The Christ.

books which will be provided.

4. You need order only four books during

the year, but you may order one or more each month, if you desire.

ALTERNATE SELECTIONS Lehi In the Desert by Dr. Hugh Nibley. Books Club

"Number One"reference text for lessons presented in Melchizedek Priesthood Manual thisyear. An invaluable aid to the understanding FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON NOW

and appreciation of The Book of Mormon.

Teachings of the Doctrine and Covenants by LDSGentlemen:BOOKS CLUB, 161 East Utopia Avenue, Salt Lake City 15, Utah

Dr. William E. Berrett. This book will lead to Please enroll me as a member of the LDS BOOKS CLUB and send me the current

a clearer comprehension of and a love and selection, Jesus The Christ, or/and the alternate(s) indicated below. I understand that I

appreciation for the restored gospel as rewill receive a free bonus book with each four selections I buy.

vealed in modernday scripture. NAME

Discourse* of the Prophet Joseph Smith, comADDRESS piled by Alma P. Burton. Teachings of this CITY AND STATE

great Prophet arranged according to subject Amount of Check or Money Order enclosed $ matter. Will help all who read it to under- (Utah residents add 2% sales tax.)

stand better Joseph Smith's teachings and the Please send Jesus the Christ-$3.00

doctrines and practices of the Church. - ALTERNATES -

Please Send:

Tell Me A Story. Top 50 stories from "The Lehi in the Desert $3.00 Discourses of the Prophet

.. of -..the Doctrine andj Joseph Smith $3.00Children's Friend."This volume will not only Teachings

entertain and delight children, but also will Covenants $3.00 Tell Me A Story $3.00

build faith and increase testimonies. Every

home with children should have it. If you do not wish to mutilate this page, send information required on a separate sheet.

APRIL 1957 213 ';:'"::-:::r r-V:-:''':::;

est policy

}.nd foi our iLLuitiatsd biochwiz.

of J1.U>.<>. ahhzovza vazading

qoujn.

cuEXiitnina jot tkc tilde, at:

60 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah 'Across from the Church offices and

Lion House"

RAIN BIRD Lea* Where Others Follow..* Modesty is the best policy

Modesty, like honesty in the copyesty in dress is more likely to bring book adage, is the best policy. a "whistle call"of dubious compliIt is the best policy because it ment than a sincere proposal of honis best for you. orable friendship.

Modesty is a manysided virtue. It Modesty of conduct also brings its

I No. 30 applies to your manner of speech, own reward. In a day when vulgaryour manner of dress, your manner of ity is sometimes commercialized to

For 20 years a pace setter in the irrigation conduct. And thus it reveals the the tune of "off beat"dance steps, it

industry, Rain Bird has led the field in manner of person you are. may take restraint to be modest on

improved irrigation sprinklers. ContinuTake speech. One who is modest dance floor or in other places, but

ous laboratory and inthe-field research in speech talks with restraint, sticks true modesty will pay off in the lastassures the performance and reliability to the facts, gives to others the right ing trust and enduring friendships of all Rain Bird Sprinklers. to their own opinions wihout comof your companions.

Invest in Rain Bird, the leader 1 Also, be promising his own. His opinions are To these rewards of modesty you

own selfsure the sprinkler system you get meets listened to; his advice is often heeded. can add another—your the American Society of Agricultural EngiModesty in dress is another virtue. respect—and without selfrespect you

neers'standards and fits your requireSmartness of style and modesty can can never have the true joy of living ments exactly. go together, and often do. On the which a loving Heavenly Father put

other hand, to flaunt one's figure, us here to find and cherish. So

Literature on request. especially before persons of the opbe modest

posite sex, may excite attention but

NATIONAL RAIN BIRD will not inspire admiration. ImmodBE HONEST WITH YOURSELF

SALES & ENGINEERING CORP.

AZUSA, CALIFORNIA

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA COLORADO Ifit nQ J

The VistaDome Royal Gorge makes a tenminute stop in America's most famous travel wonder, the Royal Gorge of the

Arkansas River, to permit passengers ample time for enjoyment and photography of this marvel of nature.

The "Scenery Unlimited"provided on Rio Grande's

VistaDome SeeWay through Utah and Colorado is not equaled anywhere in the world. Make your next trip a pleasure trip -

... travel Rio Grande, The Scenic Line of The World.

Family Fare Plan RailAuto Plan

Rail Travel Credit Plan Stopover privileges at all points

For information, contact Rio Grande's Travel Center, Ground Floor Corner, Hotel Utah, Salt Lake City, Utah

.-'.

The VistaDome CALIFORNIA ZEPHYR Daily San FranciscoSalt

Lake CityDenver-OmahaChicago via WP-D & R G W-C B & Q (Thru San FranciscoNew York Pullman)

The PROSPECTOR Overnight, every night Salt Lake CityDenver. The VistaDome ROYAL GORGE Daily Salt Lake CityGrand RicrGrandeBirthplace of the VistaDome

JunctionGlenwood SpringsSalida-PuebloColoradoSprings-Denver.

The VrsfaDome COLORADO EAGLE Dairy St. LouisKansas CityDENVER & RIO GRANDE WESTERN RAILROAD

WichitaPueblo-Colorado SpringsDenver via M P-D & R G W. H. F. ENO, Pass. Traffic Mgr., Rio Grande Bldg., Denver, Cole

APRIL 1957 215 The Church moves On A Day to Day Chronology of Church Events

February 1957 Prophet Joseph Smith, has preached in this ninetyfour-yearold building.

Elder Harold B. Lee of the Council

The annual "Birthday Penny"of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of appeal of the Primary Children's the Oak Hills First and Second wards.

Hospital began. It ran throughout the The building will also be the East

month. Sharon (Utah) Stake center.

fi Elder LeGrand Richards of the Kf Elder Harold B. Lee of the CounCouncil of / ft Y?&. '/J'* Jt the Redmond Ward the Twelvechapel—Northdedicated chapelcil ofof thethe GardenTwelve dedicatedHeights andthe

Sevier (Utah) Stake recreation hall and Garden Heights South wards, Canyon youth center. Rim (Salt Lake City) Stake.SAFEWAY This was Boy Scout Sunday in many Elder Clifford E. Young, Assistant to

Sells a River of ofChurch.the wardsThis year'sand nationalbranches themeof theis: thechapelCouncilof theof Americanthe Twelve,ForkdedicatedFirst andthe

MILK "Onward for God and my Country."FifthElderwards,John AlpineLongden,(Utah)AssistantStake.to the

of Council the dedicated the Twelve, First Presidency announced (Idaho) Twin Falls Stake center. The of Bishop for Utah Dairymen n Thethe appointment Walter

Trauffer of Lincoln Ward, Granite building is also the home of the Twin

Falls of America's Fifth perplexing most Sixth One wards. and (Salt Stake, City) as Lake president of

agricultural problems of just a year Elder Broadbent, Harvey M. formerly or the PresiSwiss succeeds Temple. He the surplus of two tremendous ago was

to second counselor S. President George E. dent Bringhurst, milk dairy products. Samuel has and who

of the Haslam North Davis (Utah) since shortly served before the temple largely has been solved The problem by as Stake, sustained first counselor, sucdedicated. President strong promotion merchandising proTrauffer was and is a

grams. Safeway has played an important native of Switzerland. His wife and ceeding Elder Keith S. Smith. Elder

role in this development in Utah. one daughter will accompany him to Joseph Cook sustained as the new second

If the Utahproduced milk and milk this new assignment. counselor.

sold products through Safeway Stores were ward School superStake and Sunday the announced The First Presidency into channeled stream, one they would intendents were asked the Deseret by appointment Franklin of Elder George river, quite a because: make

School Sunday superinUnion general to succeed President Simmons Samuel All Lucerne Milk requirements for Utah tendency this as to designate family A. of Hendricks States Central the West and from the Federated Wyoming come

Milk Producers Association of Utah. Mission. President Simmons is the Church attendance day. The request

All the cream for the manufacture of ward teaching supervisor in the North coincides with the annual national obParty Pride Ice Cream sold through SafeOgden Second Ward, Ben Lomond servance of "Go to Church Week"(Febin this Stores way area from the comes 1117) sponsored on a community Stake, a (Utah) of ruary bishop former and

Valley Dairymen's Association at Cache the Exchange Clubs. basis by ward. of has been a member He Smithfield, the of that Uintah and Creamery

Altamont. the Blaine (Idaho) Stake high council,

Dried milk products used to make president of the Hazelton Branch, MiniThe First Presidency announced

Mrs. Wright's and Skylark Bread at the doka (Idaho) Stake, and a member of the appointment of Elder Richard

Salt Lake and Denver Fairfax bakeries the bishopric of the Twin Falls (Idaho) C. Stratford, first counselor in the presiStores of nine for Safeway states come

from Dairy Association of Second Ward. Mrs. Simmons will acdency of the Portland (Oregon) Stake, Weber Central

Ogden. company him to the new assignment. as president of the Northern States MisMany other Utah dairy products are The missionary couple has four married sion. He succeeds President Isaac A.

sold through Safeway under the brand sons, a married daughter, and a daughSmoot in this assignment. As a young

name of the processor. ter attending law school in San Franman, President Stratford filled a mission

cisco. in Mission. the SwissGerman is a He

dairy Total Utah products milk and former In issuing a statement endorsing the bishop of the Colonial Heights last purchased by Safeway year amounted to $5,245,531. drive by the American Heart Fund, the Ward in Portland, and from 1942 to

First Presidency said in part: "We be1954 served as second counselor in the

SAFEWAY IS A FRIEND OF THE FAMlieve this to be a very worthy cause, and Portland Stake presidency. Mrs. StratILY... AND A FRIEND OF THE one that is deserving of our fullest supford will accompany him on this misDAIRYMAN FARMER port, and we urge the members of the sion, as will three of their five children.

Church to contribute liberally...."It was announced that the Book of

Earlier in the year the First Presidency Mormon had now been recorded as a had made a similar statement concern- "Talking Book"for the Blind. The

ing the polio drive. making of the fifty records was done

according to the exacting specifications SAFEWAY 111 President David O. McKay dedifurnished by the Library of Congress.

cated additions and improvements Elders Dean Bennett and Allen Jensen to the chapel of the Bountiful First and of KSL spent the summer of 1954 readSixth wards chapel. Every President of ing the Book of Mormon as tape recordthe Church, with the exception of the (Concluded on page 285)

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA solve Let Fuller your paint color prcOaLeins

"JTiis room needs repainting/ 7 said Mrs. O'Day*

The color's so dreary—/ know it's passe. I want something modern and sure to be smart—

But how can I know—and where do I start?"

DearJVErs. CJDay

Fuller can offer you more paint colors than anyone else! And

you can be sure they're smart and modern because Fuller con- <SSr "*% stantly weeds out the old and c'.V 1 'C %* A adds the new. Also—you'll find

more professional guides on colorcombining—at your Fuller

Color Planning Center.

3dJemo -toHvsbands Cheer up—it costs

less than $15 to paint an average room with FulColor—finest longest-lasting latex

paint you can buy.

Besides—FulColor

rolls on like a breeze, dries in an hour with no painty odor and cleanup's a cinch with just plain water.

* We made up the gal's name, but old walls like this can be only too true.

*A FULLER This is the signfir help, help, help on color

CENTER... more help than you'll find anywhere else—and

right where you buy the paint and all related items. See how easy it is to be your own decorator

—at your Fuller Color Planning Dealer.

FULLER

PAINTS GLASS W. P. FULLER & CO.

America's Smoking Habits*

pproximately 38,000,000 Ameri- /l cans are regular cigaret smokers, * * although a million and a half have quit smoking entirely in the last eighteen months, according to estiNEW! mates based on a representative sample of about 40,000 persons surveyed

by the U S Bureau of the Census for the National Cancer Institute of the

Public Health Service, Department of

Health, Education, and Welfare. GOSPEL TRUTH The data will be of value to National Cancer Institute statisticians

DISCOURSES AND WRITINGS and physicians who are studying the incidence of cancer in the populare- lung cancer—in tion—particularly

habits. of lationship to smoking A

number of laboratory and field studies

PRESIDENT GEORGE Q. CANNON are being done by the Public Health

Service, and by other agencies and

Compiled by Jerreld L. Newquist institutions with the aid of federal

grants or other financial support.

These studies are designed to proHere at long last is the compilavide more information on the question for which the members of tion of whether or not lung cancer is related to cigaret smoking.

the Church have been eagerly The figures released jointly by the looking... the choicest writings Census Bureau and the National

and discourses of one of the Cancer Institute are preliminary regreatest gospel authorities of sults based on interviews conducted early this year by census takers with his day, President George Q. both men and women over seventeen

Cannon, first counselor to Presiyears of age in the urban nonin- dents John Taylor, Wilford Woodstitutional population. The survey

covered 230 areas consisting of about ruff and Lorenzo Snow. These

450 counties scattered through all writings include important gosregions of the country.

pel truths concerning the preEstimates based on the data thus existence and mortality, far give the following information resurrection, The Last Days, the about the smoking habits of Americans:

spirit world, future glories, The 38,000,000 cigaret smokers inmiracles, apostleship, and revclude 25,000,000 men and 13,000,000 elation. In this, the first of two women.

volumes, there is a fascinating About 4,000,000 of the men who are cigaret smokers consume less than biographical sketch of President a pack a day. Onehalf million smoke

Cannon written by the book's more than two packs a day. The

compiler and an interesting foremajority smoke ten to twenty cigarets word by Edwin Q. Cannon. a day. Two million others smoke

"Gospel Truth"is a vital volume cigarets occasionally.

twentythree out of every men Two for every Latterday Saint to total in the old years to sixtyfour five read and enjoy. population smoke regularly in one

form or another.

Nonfarm men are heavier smokers than those who live on farms, and white men smoke more than nonAvailable at Bookcraft whites. In the South, for example,

Dealers everywhere. about one -fourth of the white menBOOKCRAFT (Concluded on page 258)

Taken from the Texas Health Bulletin.

218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Frank J. Miller photo

JL've for a a beggar, new coin Comes Spring! for cookie a child. A

I've sun and rain in flower cups by Dorothy O. Rea From fields with spring grown wild.

(Jne winter day my tears fell On brown earth overturned.

The child and beggar waited While black grief seared and burned.

rOMES springtime, and one sacred link

Brown earth and stars does join

And I, both child and beggar, Have a newly minted coin.

APRIL 1957 219 HERE ON OUR HILL

By Mabel Jones Gabbott 'A h,ingthissunis heavenand lilac.. scent. you and the warmHere on our hill;

And souldeep conversation to the long hour's fill.

But were there neither sun nor lilac, only you...

It would be heaven still.

SPRING OUTLOOK

APRIL ENCHANTMENT TOPSYTURVY SPRING By Maude Rubin

By Ethel Jacobson By Ila Lewis Funderburgh

Between crisp curtains looped in fresh de-

W/hat enchantment rain can weave Cpring came rushing down the hill, sign

With her pallid hands! Scurry, scamper, hurry; The house surveys its world, serene, clearDown her silver curtain falls—She mixed up sunshine, hail, and rain eyed;

There Spring stands And caused a sudden flurry. Sees winter blankets blowing on the line,

city street narrow theIn dusters feather while of spring, flags up, Like of curve rainbow a hung She gleams, asphalt theWhere glide it left off there, and Skipped height as mountain aJust on bird hurrying sky. Each a polished Across tree to bloom, apple the made Then dreams. PanWhere

Rain falls sweet to sparrows here Forgot the peach and pear. Now carries straw or string; the fawneyed

Beneath a city hedge, cow While flowers nod as gratefully Bright asters of the fall she waked, Breakfasts on buttercups, while timothy's in bed; snowdrops But left ledge. a windowFrom word

for the robin's breast paint she mixed rain can weave The enchantmentWhat winter's in mow; fragrance heaped Promises red. of instead blue pallid Was hands! herWith

toy, fragile one highest hill, the Above falls silver curtain herDown

There Spring stands. It was a topsyturvy spring A bright blue kite... heaven tethered to a

Below ground and above; boy!

MOMENT OF RADIANCE SpringThe yearignoredshe fellschedules,in love. forgot rules,

By ]ane Merchant AWAKENING Fins day in spring I meant to take UNLABELED DREAM By Marie L. Weaver

A leisured pilgrimage, to make By Alma Robison Higbee ethereal clothes, shine luminous,The grownup in the Even hills entirely mine,Of April slender frame with fit his they Though found the box unlabeled, tucked away

Having no higher thing to do I Beneath the stairs, and when I looked certain oddness,

Than let the living green and blue inside, He is young heart, permeateCompletely my young. very gray, So blue, faded kite, once I a now found

part intrinsicBecoming an is wrings this that pain Strange boy's small a like bird; it was a Shaped

I all there need was But am.Of heart, pride My

I could heed not indoors.Of it to pride. me swiftly moves because air Strange April was and winged were days When

till small in one. day; blossomingThe go\ I watch him And thinned,

all I glimpsed of radianceMoment of.time breath short the For one kite soaring down went and boy And

at daylight's green, end, blue andOf a hill, high on stands Tomorrow wind.

That any heart could comprehend. And I... I catch a flood

New kites will fade and little boys grow tall, Of understanding...

And skyways open down the distant blue; On feathered toes, soft as twilight,

APRIL HEART Deep is the smoke that sets a screening wall, My boy is gone

By Solveig Paulson Russell And through.sad is the heart when flying days are And in his place a man appears.

wing, to a broken heal is the balm Where heart, April have an for on a white a wind, dream Or April gay; swelling Blythe and string? twine SONG FOR BEING NEEDED everything, sing with to It wants

For April's way By Elaine V. Emans

Of coaxing silent laughter thing growing every To through bubbled Has my winter heart Justwrote,knowing you are there will help,"she

And now It's Spring! And being here takes on a lovely new

Significance. I read the little note

SILENCE Over and over, knowing that too few

By Pauline Havard Times we let others see that we have need

Of them: our selfsufficiency appears

W/ho can define silence? A song And hides from view our hearts that often

"More lovely than any sound, bleed

Like a snowflake falling on new snow, And teaches us that we must weep few

A star to the starry ground. tears.

is so good is needed learning one But left unsaid are that words The beautiful for ways of I shall search that thing, full speak; A to is too the heart When

The breath of the wind through appleshowing bloom; The unsuspecting ones, who never should

The sunlight's touch on the cheek Have guessed, I need them. And you, already knowing

child a laughing Of on an April day; I need you, will henceforth be happier things; is all these Silence

And always to the responsive heart, About it, mark my words, than ever you

How eloquently it sings!—H. Armstrong Roberts photo were!

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Just a Bit of Heaven on Earth

if any things more objectionable in the once a mischievous youngster himself and deal with hisThere are few home than the absence of unity and harmony. On boys sympathetically.

the other hand, I know that a home in which unity, Every home has both body and spirit. You may have

mutual helpfulness, and love abide is just a bit of heaven a beautiful house with all the decorations that modern on earth. Most gratefully and humbly, I cherish the art can give or wealth bestow. You may have all the

remembrance that never once as a lad in the home of outward forms that will please the eye and yet not have my youth did I see one instance of discord between a home. It is not a home without love. It may be a

Father and Mother and that goodwill and mutual unhovel, a log hut, a tent, a wickiup, if you have the right derstanding have been the uniting bond that has held spirit within, the true love of Christ, and love for one together a fortunate group of brothers and sisters. Unity, another—fathers and mothers for children, children for

have theharmony, and goodwill are virtues to be fostered and cherparents, husband and wife for each other—you

ished in every home. true life of the home that loyal members of the Church

Marriage is a sacred relationship entered into for the are striving to establish.

I of art the inculcating building, the By mean home for the rearthat are wellpurposes recognized—primarily lives of of nobility soul that children the a in leads theming of a family.

Equal in importance to the high conception of the instinctively to love the beautiful, the genuine, the virtumarriage covenant is the teaching of the Church in reous, and as instinctively to turn from the ugly, the gard to the responsibility of parenthood. spurious, and the vile.

I to first received ask were If you where unme my obligation. as a sacred held should There be Parenthood

faith existence the in wavering answer God, I would is of the depths in the soul which something human of in the you: Father home and my childhood—whenof neglectfulrevolts against parenthood.

Mother invariably called their children around them in

Parents cannot with impunity shirk the responsibility the morning and at night and invoked God's blessing to protect childhood and youth. upon the household and upon mankind. There was a

I believe you parents generally are teaching your chilsincerity in that good patriarch's voice that left an undren the gospel; yet I am convinced that there is still dying impression in the children's souls; and Mother's

much opportunity for improvement in this regard. I am prayers were equally impressive.

not thinking of the set hours in which you sit down to The dearest possession a man has is his family. In

teach these doctrines to your children, but of the examthe divine assurance that family ties can transcend the ple you fathers and mothers give to your children rebounds of death and may continue throughout endless garding the faith that is dear to your hearts. Your examages of eternity, I find supreme consolation and inspiraples as parents will teach these principles more effectively tion. When the union of loved ones bears the seal of

than what you say. Out of your homes come the future the Holy Priesthood, it is as eternal as love, as everlastleaders of the Church. ing as spirit. Such a union is based on the doctrine of

Fathers may and should exercise a helpful, restraining immortality and the eternal progress of man.

influence, where a mother's tenderness and love might This is your heritage as you contemplate your eternal lead children to take advantage of her. In this respect, partnership, and I pray that you realize it and find the

however, every father should keep in mind that he was true joy and happiness of such a cherished ideal.

by President David O. McKay

APRIL 1957 221 liilliiill

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Apostle Paul and Genealogical Research

Some of the most interesting and important records on "The Prophet Joseph Smith said, 'The which we rely are found in Genesis and the books of greatest responsibility the Lord p4P in the Testament. has laid Moses Lord Old The commanded

to seekupon us is Genealogical after our dead.'1 The that a census to enter be as the Israelites taken were about

Society workers come to us saying that it is our duty to the land of their inheritance. 4 If these records had not

search the records of the dead and obtain all the genebeen kept, we would not have the genealogies of our alogical that to the can, that go information may we we reRedeemer Luke. in Matthew and Jews When the

I like totemples them. and do work would for Now after the captivity, turned from they Babylon, were

know how we can square this with the doctrine of Paul, judged out of the records, and those with clouded lineage as found in the epistles to Timothy and Titus, in which were denied the privileges of the priesthood and the temhe condemns genealogical research. Is it because this ple. 5 The keeping of genealogical records is essential to

work was not for Paul's day?"the accomplishment of the work assigned to the Latterday Saints that they may become saviors on Mt. Zion by

The counsel given to Timothy and performing the ordinances for their dead. This would be

Answer: Titus by Paul and the commandment impossible without records of our dead being available.

given by the Lord to Joseph Smith appear in conflict Many of the sayings of Paul and other prophets have only when Paul's remarks are misunderstood. The Lord come down to us in imperfect form due to faulty transrevealed to Joseph Smith the glorious principles of salvalations and misinterpretations. Perhaps we do not have

tion for the dead who died without the opportunity to the full text of Paul's instruction to Timothy and Titus.

receive the gospel when they were on the earth. Elijah We may be sure, however, that he would not take a

was sent to restore the sealing power by which families stand in opposition to the teachings of the prophets who may be united eternally and to turn the hearts of the went before him. Genealogical research must have been

fathers to their children, and the children to the fathers, done in the days of Paul which he did not condemn, lest the whole earth be smitten with a curse. 2 Because for salvation for the dead was practised in his day, and

of the restoration, the spirit of research has taken hold he called attention to this fact, using it as an argument of thousands of persons in all parts of the civilized earth, in favor of the resurrection. However, there was no

and the Latterday Saints have been commanded to previcarious work done before the resurrection of our Lord.

pare the records of their dead and go to the temples, there Paul's reference to "fables and endless genealogies"imto perform vicariously all the ordinances of salvation for plies that he was condemning a practice that had been them. This promise was made through the prophets anperverted, or he would not have called the practice

ciently as well as in this dispensation. The dead who "fables."7 We may conclude, then, that there was a

will accept the work done for them shall receive eternal practice among the Jews in which the preparing of life. 3 genealogies was fraudulently done. Bible commentators

The Lord inspired people anciently to keep records and declare this to be the fact. Dr. Adam Clark in his

histories of their people. If there had been no geneCommentary calls attention to this fraudulent practice

alogical records kept, we would be without a great fund and gives the reason for it in the following words:

of knowledge in relation to the nations of the past and "The Jews had scrupulously preserved their genealogtheir relationship to the people of this generation. Recordical tables, till the advent of Christ; and the evangelists

keeping of this kind has been a common practice in had recourse to them, and appealed to them in reference almost all nations, especially was it so of the Israelites.

<Gen., Chapters 1011; Numbers, Chapters 1, 2, 3, and 16; I Chron., Chapters 1-8.

teachings of the Prophet Joseph Smith, page 356. EEzra and Nehemiah.

2See 'D & C 27 9 61 Cor. 15:29.

8D & G 1:1-3; DHC, Vol. 3:280; Isaiah 42:7 and 61:1-2; Malachi 4:5-6. 'I Tim. 1:4.

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA to our Lord's descent from the house of David: Matthew From this time the Jews could refer to their genealogies

taking this genealogy of the descending, Luke of the only from memory, or from those imperfect tables which ascending line. And whatever difficulties we may now had been preserved in private hands; and to make out

find in these genealogies, they were certainly clear to any regular line from these, must have been endless and the Jews; nor did the most determined enemies of the uncertain. It is probably to this the apostle refers; I

gospel attempt to raise one objection to it from the appeal mean the endless and useless labor which the attempt which the evangelists had made to their own public and to make out these genealogies must produce; the auaccredited tables. All was then certain; but we are told thentic tables being destroyed."8

that Herod destroyed the public registers: he, being an So we may well conclude that Paul's denunciation was

Idumean, was jealous of the noble origin of the Jews: towards doubtful and untruthful genealogies which had

and that none might be able to reproach him with his been tampered with for improper purposes. Dr. Scott

descent, he ordered the genealogical tables, which were in his Commentary treats this matter in a similar way.

kept among the archives in the temple, to be burned. * * * sClark's Commentary, Vol. VI, page 555, on Timothy 1:4.

Richard L. Evans I Work—a pnncipprinciple anaJ a pnuvteaiprwueae

I I T ast week we talked of the fallacy of being free is only seeking to deceive himself.) And now to S

this witness of our words, we would add the word I from work—and of the fact that we can't eat

s or travel, or use any substance or any service withof other witnesses. First from Emerson: "In every

of human employment... there are [those] out consuming someone's work—no matter how variety

mechanized men's lives become. And further we who do their task perfunctorily, as we say, or just

i recalled the fact that the Lord God could have made to pass, and as badly as they dare... [and there

1 life free from work if he had thought it were wise are] those who love work, and love to see it rightly

S but this he did not do. And so today, we repeat, done, who finish their task... and the state and 5

s that work is a principle and a privilege, and not world is happy, that has the most of such finishers.

merely a penalty. The philosophy of being free... Men talk as if victory were something fortunate.

is victory."1 And from Carlyle, once more s from work is a false philosophy and the fashion Work

s of being free from work is a false fashion. And now we quote: "Idleness alone is without hope: work

further on this thought, we should like to talk a earnestly at anything, you will by degrees learn moment or two to young people preparing for the to work at almost all things."2 "For there is a

1 future. To them, earnestly and urgently, we would perennial nobleness, and even sacredness, in Work.

s say: Consider carefully the kind of work you want... There is always hope in a man that actually

to do, the kind of work you are best adapted to do, and earnestly works:..."3 "For that is the thing s I

and don't make avoiding work your ideal or ob- a man is born to... to expend every particle of

1 jective. If you do, you won't develop your talents strength that God Almighty has given him in doing

s or your full powers of performance. If you do, you the work he finds he is fit for; to stand up to it to s s may work harder at wasting time than you would the last breath of life, and to do his best. We are

s at working. If you do, you'll deteriorate faster called upon to do that;... I would bid you stand s

than you would with working. If you do, you will up to your work, whatever it may be, and not be

have a feeling of frustration and futility and a disafraid of it."4

s content inside yourselves—for any day that closes

s without a sincere sense of accomplishment is an Jhe Spokt)poken WoJ"vi/ora from temple square i empty and unsatisfying day. Furthermore, there PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING s

i is no real prestige without work. (Anyone who SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 17, 1957 Copyright 1957

! 5 reinfluence that without supposes he can have

Emerson, Worship. aRaIph Waldo 1

Carlyle, 2Thomas Past and Present, Ch. II. sponsibility, or or a price, prestige without paying

I 3Ibid., Ch. XI.

5 a real sense of satisfaction without willing work, 4Thomas Carlyle, Inaugural Address, at Edinburgh, 1866.

vwxijjvnii APRIL 1957 223 80 Years Service to Our Lord

RESEARCH EDITOR

The Saint George Temple.

is difficult to believe that the But less than a decade after the square or parapet, and 175 feet high to the top of the vane on the tower."It St. George Temple—first of the settlement's humble beginning, the

permanent temples to be conannouncement came that a temple On October 14, 1942, one day bestructed by the Church after the would be built at St. George. Charles fore his eightysecond birthday, David

exodus to the Rocky Mountains—has L. Walker, writing in his diary for Henry Cannon, Jr., related that Presistood in the southwestern part of Saturday, April 15, 1871, paints this dent Young had asked the people in

Utah for only eighty years. To us word picture: St. George to make recommendations

old stately thatof this generation, after several a temple site, and of the for the school to I went This p. m.

in glisfinished building,sandstone President Young places were visited, from Brother read was prophets. A letter

tening white, has always stood there Brigham stating the time had come that was informed that the townspeople as a beacon, the fountainhead of the Saints could build a temple to the Most could not agree upon a site.

thrill of joy seemed in St. George. A for all those blessingsspiritual who High continued: Elder Cannon present Elders of assembly the over pass to to enter themselves preparewould is of built It to be announcement. the at arriving later, Young, "President doors. its friendly length out. inside The plastered and stone, them, chided impatiently feet high, somewhat feet, 80 142 and 190 feet, width at the been called Families had to time asked them at the same and story, in hall each stories a large with two conference 1861 semiannualOctober a side, baptismal and or whatever their wagons, on each rooms get into with

of the Church to pioneer the proposed font in the basement. Brother Brigham and else they had, and with him find a

next October will "misbe Their of St. George. A. Smith down George settlement location [site for the temple]

directions give the and work commence to conto raise cotton and sion"was to tribute to the independence and concerning its erection. "To the south of town they finally

selfsustaining power of the people. Not only had the President of the stopped.

By December 1 of that year some of Church announced that a temple "'But, Brother Brigham,'protested the residents were camped there. would be built; he had also sent the the men, 'this land is boggy. After

There followed a period of struggling general specifications of the building. a storm, and for several months of the

pioneering. Canals had to be dug, year, no one can drive across the

A pamphlet distributed at the St. land without horses and wagons virgin soil made into farms; and

droughts and floods and insect hordes George Temple Bureau of Information sinking way down. There is no place

took their share. It seemed that nagives the dimensions of the temple to build a foundation.'

ture herself was trying the hardy as "141 feet 8 inches long, 93 feet 4 "'We will make a foundation,'said settlers of St. George. inches wide, 84 feet high to the President Young."

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA first of the LDS temples in the west... the stately

St. George Temple serves today, as it has for eighty years,

as a refuge of spiritual strength.

Then Brother Cannon continued: Since April 12, we have traveled 3,342

miles, held 161 meetings, and collected over "Later on, while plowing and $15,000.00 and offerings for the temple.

scraping where the foundation was to be, my horse's leg broke through the Those offerings included flour, poground into a spring of water. The tatoes, cheese, meat, and other combrethren then wanted to move the modities which would be used to

foundation line twelve feet to the sustain those laboring on the temple.

south, so that the spring of water For much of that year, 1875, one would be on the outside of the temhundred men were working at the ple. temple site, one hundred at the stone

''Not so,'replied President Young. quarries, and forty were engaged in

'We will wall it up and leave it here obtaining lumber.

for some future use. But we cannot

move the foundation. This spot was President Young had promised the Wilford Woodruff

as temple presfaithful "that there not served woulddedicated by the Nephites. They ident, 18771884. persons lose their would whocould not build it [the temple], but be any

Daniel Wells lives H. on the of this any of works temwill build can andwe it for them.'the dedicated comple."the construction During period pleted building, April this "To day the water from that fell accidentally scaffoldmen from 1877. 6,

very spring is running through a ing more than eighty feet above the drain properly built."* ground, others fell from runaway sary to take water in the empty

Ground was broken for the buildwagons loaded with rocks, and there wagons and cache it en route so that ing on November 9, 1871, after a postwere other accidents. Miraculously, the teams might not surfer on the reponement of some seventytwo hours all lived to raise their voices in testiturn journey, which took from two to

because of inclement weather. As mony and to return to their freewill seven days of hard driving.

part of these ceremonies, Brigham labor of love upon the temple. What a price in love and devotion

Young had the people present raise Over a million feet of lumber were those settlers of Utah's Dixie willingtheir right hands toward heaven. As used in the building. Some of the ly gave the Church!

they struck their right hand with their beams were twelve inches by twentyThe baptismal font, which rests on left hand, they shouted, "Hosanna! four inches, ranging in length from the back of twelve oxen in the baseHosanna! Hosanna! to God and the twentysix to fortysix feet. Much ment of the building, weighs nine

Lamb; Amen! Amen!"of the lumber was hauled by ox team tons and was the personal gift of

By three o'clock that afternoon men from Mt. Trumbull, some eighty miles President Young. It was made in

and teams had commenced excavating. distant. Other lumber came from Salt Lake City and freighted to St.

A limestone edge was found on the Pine Valley Mountain, only thirty George in three speciallybuilt wagnorth, which was suitable for a miles away, and from the Buckskin ons.

Mountains of the Kaibab Forest. Some President Young had hoped thatfoundation, but the excavation proved

that the rest of the site was swampy of the lumber had to be hauled over the temple would be completed by indeed. With pioneer ingenuity, they desert stretches, where it was necesSeptember 1876; it was not finished

converted a cannon of the Mexican until that winter. President Wilford

War vintage into a pile driver. A Woodruff, then a member of the

thousand pound lead weight was thus Council of the Twelve, offered the devised and, tied together with cottondedicatory prayer. A final dedicawood bark and steel bands, was actution was held April 6, 1877, when the

ally used to drive volcanic rocks into general conference of the Church was that foundation site. Only when this held in that building. This dedicahammer would bounce three times tory prayer was offered by President

before coming to rest were the buildDaniel H. Wells, a Counselor to

ers satisfied that they had enough President Young.

rocks pounded into an area. It has

been said that there is more stone TT'or eighty years the St. George

below the surface than there is in the * Temple has been a blessing to building above the ground. the people of the Church. May it

continue to serve many times those

John L. Smith, who had been apeighty years!

pointed to visit members in the Before the other temples of the interest of the temple construction, Church were finished, it was not made this summation on December uncommon for members to spend 31, 1875: weeks en route to St. George for the

witnessed *Statement Ernest by E. Zilpha and H. privilege of coming to this House of

of SaltBramwell S. Richard McAllister Lake City and

of St. George. Night or day the building is a landmark. (Concluded on page 287)

APRIL 1957 225 head of this the Dispensation of the

Fulness of Times, in which God is to gather. together all things in Christ

before the end shall come.

I testify that no man could accomplish the work the Prophet

Joseph Smith accomplished without

God being with him. The Prophet

was martyred at thirtyeight, yet he had set up by divine appointment and heavenly power the foundation of a great church, built temples and cities, was a revelator and a translator, giving to the world marvelous truths, principles, and the saving gospel ordinances.

I testify that no man could give to the world the truths, principles, and commandments found in the Book of Mormon and Doctrine and Covenants without the inspiration and revelations of Almighty God. No

man promoting a spurious book would have the audacity to place in it the promise found in the Book of Mormon:

And when ye shall receive these things,

I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye

shall ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will mani- -Photo by Samuel Myslis fest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost.

And by the power of the Holy Ghost ye may know the truth of all things. (Mor.

10:4-5.) by Elder Delbert L. Stapley What a farreaching promise! Man

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE has not refuted the claim. Many TESTIMONY have received that assurance and

witness. Thousands have put the

promise to the test; the Holy Ghost

has manifested the truth of the Book desire to bear my humble testiThis, I acknowledge, is the stateof Mormon to them. They are now

mony that the Church of Jesus ment of one man, but many who knew converts and members of the restored

I Christ of Latterday Saints is true, him have testified that he was a Church. With all members, they

therefore is God's only recognized Prophet of God. His works bespeak fervently bear testimony of this truth

Church on earth. This truth the that sacred calling. The Holy Ghost to all the world.

witness has borne that to hundreds revelationSavior declared through by you, that the I promise by doing today, so testify of thousands and they elders the of the Smith toJoseph will of the Father, yourand keeping

Church, as found in section one of the to the world. selves unspotted from the sins of the

Doctrine and Covenants, which con- I bear witness that God lives and world, you too can gain a fervent stitutes the Lord's preface to the is the Father of our Spirits, in whose testimony that these things are true.

doctrines, covenants, and commandimage and likeness we are created. When such a testimony is obtained,

ments given in this dispensation. The I bear testimony that Jesus is the do not do anything that would cause

Lord declared: Christ, the Savior of men, the Only you to lose this witness. It is most

Begotten of the Eternal Father in the precious! Sin and inactivity can drive

And also those to whom these commandflesh, through whose atoning sacrifice out the Holy Ghost and callous the ments were given, might have power to lay on Calvary we can gain redemption, soul against the light and truth of the foundation of this, church, and to bring salvation, and exaltation in God's the Spirit. You must always rememit forth of obscurity of darkout and out holy presence. ber that God is perfect, and to be likeness, true the only church and living upon

the face of the whole earth, with which I, I testify that Joseph Smith was a him you, too, must perfect yourthe Lord, am well pleased.... (D & C 1:30.) Prophet of God, who stands at the selves, resting your faith and works

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA upon God and his Son, Jesus Christ, But to be learned is good if they hearken and not upon man. unto the counsels of God. (2 Nephi 9:2829.)

But the natural man receiveth not the tilings of the Spirit of God: for they are Why do men think themselves wise

foolishness neither unto him: can he know in vain does their own deceit—what

are them, spiritually because they discerned. it profit? should men ignore Why (I Cor. 2:14.)

the counsels and revealed truths of

Today there is so much offered by God, considering more important the man, the counterfeit as well as the learning and wisdom of men and good, it is easy, unless an individual promoting it contrary to the knowlstays close to the Church and its edge and wisdom that comes from teachings, to get mixed up in his God?

values. In the Doctrine and CoveShould any of you consider yournants, we read: selves belonging to the intelligentsia,

I would advise you to keep humble

And if your eye be single to my glory, and to hearken always to the counyour whole bodies shall be fdled with light, and there shall be no darkness in you; and Elder Delbert L. Stapley sels of God. We less fortunate stand

that body which is filled with light comprein awe at your mental powers and hended all things. (D & C 88:67.) mature minds to accept as basic capacities. You have the abilities to

things! great accomplish achieveYour truths theories, such thus youth and take cannot into You darkness a ments, will to bring however, you

in their convinced or confused become lighted nor room, crecan doubt be if greater sincere renown and humble lose thinking. faith; the then They ated faith exists. true where You faith in virchief becomes your God to principles moral begin crumble and can, light take however, into a darktue force. motivating and According choice souls lost to are God. it will room, ened light the and room to the Savior's of talents, parable the

with radiance, as the darkened soul The Apostle Paul said to a favorite God gives to men according to their through repentance and faith can son in Christ several abilities and requires an aclighted be glorious and up made by for their use. counting of Regardless

keep Timothy, is committed that which O of the gift and power Ghost. the Holy gifts individual has, an the many to trust, avoiding thy profane and vain

In the Apostle Paul's writings to babblings, and oppositions of science falsely there is always someone with more the Colossian saints he said that all so called: gifts and of greater intelligence. Rethe treasures of wisdom and knowlWhich some professing have erred conmember, God said to Abraham,

edge were hid in the Father and his cerning the faith. (I Tim. 6:2021.)

exist, facts These that two do are there Christ. Son, Jesus informs the He

spirits, two intelligent desired being Paul one more than his beloved Timothy saints of this lest any beshould man the other; shall there be another inmore to the avoid the worldly, the common, guile enticing with them words, and telligent they; than the thy Lord God, I am idle talk, worthless the opposiand

all. intelligent says: then he I am more they (Abr. than

tions of false scientific teachings 3:19.)

Beware lest any man spoil you through which had caused some to be led philosophy deceit, after vainI and the tradiastray. then, all God knowledge in whom

tion of after the men, of rudiments the is centers, the wisdom source to There is no conflict between true and world, after not Christ. and (Col. 2:8.)

science and true religion. Science is which all should turn for the true way

Paul is warning against man's concerned with facts and truths. of life.

philosophy, which was after the Scientific men speculate and theorize Joseph Smith, although of a tender world, imperfectly developed because in research to establish facts and age, put this scripture to the test:

they were the thoughts and theories truths but until proven their theories

If lack let any of you ask wisdom, him be accepted as must not the ultimate. of imperfect men. He also warns all that God, to giveth liberal'y, men Unless teachings such harmonize with of against the learned philosophers who, not; upbraideth and it shall given and be

because of their knowledge, are vain, revealed truth, they could destroy him. (James 1:5.)

selfimportant, and teaching false true faith and thus result in unhappy concepts for truth. These teachings lives. and was inspired and authorized to

have come down to us after the tradiHow well Satan is acquainted with organize God's Church on the earth, tion of men, but not after Christ. If and takes advantage of people to dewith all its saving laws and ordiafter Christ, the teachings could only ceive the unsuspecting. Jacob, the nances. Prayer and God, then, bebe perfect truth, because he is God brother of Nephi, voices this warning: come the true source of all our

and God is truth. Unfortunately, the knowledge, wisdom, and strength.

evil that cunning one! of the plan O O We should always remember that philosophies of men handed down the frailties, vainness, fooland the the and

through the ages have become acishness of men! When they are learned revealed truth is the measuring rod

cepted traditionally as truth, and thus they think they are wise, and they hearken and the basis of all law and moral not the set for of counsel unto they God, this highly esteem men so versed Christian peoples. behavior among

aside, of supposing themselves, they know it for it knowledge freely teach and Therefore, do not accept the teachis their wherefore, foolishness and wisdom truth. These teachers of man's it profiteth them not. And they shall ings and philosophies of men conphilosophy often persuade tender, imperish. (Concluded on following page)

APRIL 1957 227 Testimony

(Continued from preceding page) modern progress in the fields of scigiven so much, the material values trary to the teachings of God through ence and invention with the convenseem so important, we may overlook his Son, Jesus Christ, or the prophets. iences and the material and physical in our scramble for these things the

Teachers of the sciences or philosophy blessings we enjoy today. Second is eternal values of life that make for

do not have the moral right to teach the gift and power of the Holy Ghost true happiness.

the principles, scientific theories, or which is to manifest its spiritual gifts The great discoveries of our age philosophies of men contrary to the to men that will cause them to radio, television, radar, guided mistruths Christrevealed taught by and prophesy, to dream dreams, and to see siles, by man and planes—achieved of in all ages the world.his prophets visions. worlds, are miracles, but God creates

Such truths are fundamental; they are From the very introduction of the guides and controls them as he does

eternal and never become obsolete or gospel and the establishment of God's all the works of his hands. He creincapable of wise use. work in these the latter days of the ates life, which phenomena man

Clifford F. Hood, president of the world, the Spirit of Christ has been cannot achieve. We are a part of

United States Steel Corporation, repoured out upon all men, for knowlthat life—God's greatest creation, for

cently said: edge is everywhere present. We can it is his work and glory to bring to

determine the progress of our times pass the immortality and the eternal

I seriously challenge will think one no of life children. his of As children of the from beginning his work which

I if in that living a say have been weme within us the powers have God, we in of this the ushered Dispensationperiod of unbelief, serious the unbelief in a fundamental purposes of man and his imthe Fulness of Times. Truly, the to upgrade ourselves and become like

portance and position in the universe. All heavens have been opened and God our Eternal Father. This we can

who have lost the faith, I believe, feel a has poured down knowledge upon do by perfecting our inherent gifts lives.real their positive void in no With Spirit of the and endowments and almost without measure. men

feellost lives of their values,code have a souls through sanctifying also our by of significance thising in environcosmic indiscoveries material and The pursuits. righteous all shall sincerity Inment. humility and we ventions science are given us by

to ahave ourhigher admit power than exthis declaration and Paul made in miracles. stand amazement We isselves, derived a positive from moral whom

code that will give our lives significance. at man's accomplishments! It is difplanation to the Corinthian saints:

We shall have to make up our minds once ficult to understand how he could all I for I, respect, to that you, honesty,and brethren, and came when And honor, achieve so short in so a time much of as such, of for sale are or not speech market with excellency not on the came this of to the life compared man onblock, as except the ingredients testimony they declaring become you unto wisdom, that you and I and all Americans put into earth. But under the influence of the of God.

the products of our daily lives. Spirit spoken of by Joel that v75s to For I determined not to know any thing

be poured out upon all flesh, perhaps among you, save Jesus Christ, and him

There is more virtue and power in we can understand why we are recrucified.

the simple teachings of Christ than ceiving the marvelous blessings of That your faith should not stand in the is contained in all the philosophies of scientific discovery and invention. wisdom of men, but in the power of God.

men, and his teachings will do more Men share in the glory of that knowlthatHowbeitare perfect.we speak... (IwisdomCor. 2:1-2,among5-6.)them

to produce proper attitudes, build edge and all enjoy the blessings of beautiful characters, develop true it. Truly, it is as Christ stated in Here is an important key: Wisdom

principles of service, and also give life the parable on stewardship, "For the increases in proportion to our own purpose with a greater measure of children of this world are in their perfectness. Our greatest teacher

joy to happiness and wiser each of us than generation perfect, than the children of of being had wisdom—Christ, teachings can. otherany 16:8.) light."(Luke of access to the complete wisdom

The Prophet Joel declared a most When we measure material or God—"For it pleased the Father that

significant bit of information and temporal things, this appears true, in him should all fulness dwell."

light on the great knowledge and disbut when we think of the true values (Col. 1:19.) And, again, in John we

coveries of our day in this prophecy: of the Spirit that emanate from the read, "... for God giveth not the

Holy Ghost, it is not true. KnowlSpirit by measure unto him."(John

And it shall come to pass afterward, that edge of physical and temporal things 3:34.)

I will out pour upon all flesh; my spirit

shall is separate and distinct from the gifts Another declaration by the Apostle sons your and your daughters and prophesy, your old men shall dream dreams, and operations of the Holy, Ghost, Paul to the Corinthian saints:

your young men shall see visions. (Joel the spiritual gifts of prophecy, dreams,

2:28.) visions, revelations, and others. These For what man knoweth the things of

have to do with the salvation and man, save the spirit of man which is in

This prophecy was to come to pass exaltation of man, his very eternal him? even so the things of God knoweth no

afterward, or, in the latter days. status in the mansions of God. man, but the Spirit of God.

There are two parts to this prophecy It is significant that when God rethingsBut theof thenaturalSpiritmanof God:receivethfor theynot theare

that are very expressive. First, the leases truth to the earth, it is not foolish unto him: neither can he know

Lord's Spirit was to be poured out confined to one area or nation but is them, because they are spiritually discerned.

upon all flesh. This is represented available to all, and discovery is alLord,For thatwho hehathmayknowninstructthehim?mind Butof thewe

by the Spirit that gives light to every most simultaneous in many of the have the mind of Christ. (I Cor. 2:11, 14,

man that comes into the world. It advanced scientific nations of the 16.)

is this power that makes possible our world. Science and invention have (Continued on page 286)

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the HEART LIES SPRING

by Elayne T. Anderson

It was a brisk April day which had come to the university campus.

Small isolated patches of snow lay here and there. A persistent wind

made the buttoned coats, the scarves, and gloves a definite necessity.

In hurrying from one of the buildings to another, I observed two students in front of me. One of the

fellows was of medium height, with blond hair and average build. The

other was also of medium height and had blond hair; there the resemblance ended. He was a pitiful pattern of deformity.

From the waist up, he had the—Religious News Service Photobuild of an athlete, with broad

shoulders, firm, strong chest, and a fine wellset head. His right leg was

is worked from within.seemingly normal. The left leg, howheart. If we could only realize that masterswitch

ever, was twisted out of shape and it is the test of our mortal existence This is where lie the new hopes, the caused contortions of his entire body to sink and rise again! The impornew beginning to dispel the clouds

with every step. The joints, muscles, tant thing is not how many times we of discouragement.

and the very bones themselves were go down, but that we keep getting Thus, it is possible to see why the learn not to recrippled one could be so enthusiasticout of line. up again. We must

As I passed by, the crippled chap sist life's changes but to develop the in his anticipation of spring. He

turned to his friend and said, "Yes, strength to live through them. could view its fresh beauty through

spring is definitely my favorite seaEarth does not resist the cycle of his spiritual eyes rather than his son; in fact, I really look forward to seasonal changes which the Creator physical. Though his abilities were

it."has planned. Earth, too, may slow in a measure shackled by his physical

What could spring mean to him? down with her summer exertions, limitations, his alert mind and couHis deformities were an accepted exweaken, let go her fall harvest, and rageous spirit were unbound.

cuse for failure had he wanted to even die a little in winter's confineThere would be no new healing give up. ment, all of which may compare with blood coursing through his veins, no

Give up! Just letting my thoughts our human reactions. But does she regeneration of the crooked limbs,

idle on this aspect of human behavior give up? Never! With the flash of no rebirth of lifeless nerves and musseemed to bring several facts forcibly the first robin, she labors as one cles—that was true. Instead there

to mind. mighty force in the miracle of springwould always be the healing power

How many of the physically perbirth. of new dreams, the regeneration of

fect go through life looking for an Giving up is a deep resolve and new ambitions and desires, and the excuse to give up? So often we slow not the decision of a moment. It rebirth of new hopes and aspirations.

down with each discouragement, comes from the very heart and mind Why? Because though summer's

weaken with each challenge, and die of our being. It is from here the sun beats relentlessly; though the

a little with each heartache. command to stop or go will come. leaves fall from the lifeless trees each

Frequently the desire to make a Physical deformities may well be a autumn; and winter brings its chillnew beginning is killed because the contributing factor, but never should ing blasts of sleet and snow, he holds

fires of hope cannot be kindled in the they be a deciding factor. Our physifast to the neverending miracle of

cold ashes of despair which fill the cal body does not control us. The the spring which lies in his heart!

APRIL 1957 229 enthusiasm and vigor. He drove the

few miles into St. George with anticipation.

That is how the day began. At its

end, Ross Eagar lay totally paralyzed, the victim of three types, or manifestations, of infantile paralysis, three hundred miles from home, unconscious and helpless in the lifegiving caresses of an iron lung. He did not

know it, but he had been, was then, and would be many times again in the shadow of death from polio and the almost endless complications to which his weakened body would give way.

Miraculously, Ross lives. But the

reason for telling his story does not lie alone in the fact that one so close to death for so long can survive. It

has to do with the physical pain and mental perplexity which a young human being with courage and faith is able to endure. It has to do, primarily, with the fact that through suffering it is possible to build a sense of

values, an overwhelming gratitude, and a testimony of the kindness and wisdom of God. Ross's story has to

do not with the return of physical vigor, because it has not returned, but with Ross's own words, which he speaks humbly, with brightness in his blue eyes: "The Lord has given

in lung. Ross an iron here with months shown spent many He is Calime everything but my health."

fornia's largest center, respiratory at the world's Knight Governor Goodwin J.

located in Hondo, California.

l>oss drove back home about 11 + FAITH **-the o'clockfall of 1952that withMondayfeelingsmorningof greatin weakness and heavy, aching pains in <$ WORK the small of his back. He climbed

into bed, sick and tired. When he * PATIENCE

tried to get out of bed Wednesday morning, his legs collapsed, paralyzed:

spinal polio!

of as -five Leeds, miles north Thirty The Ross Eagar Story his Salt parents rushed Lake him to

City, his breathing stopped: bulbar

by Eileen Gibbons polio!

MANUSCRIPT EDITOR The emergency airplane which was provided at the Cedar City airport had an oxygen tank, but it was only was Monday, October 17, 1952. twentyfive men and boys weighed partially full. His father adminisIt A crisply warm Southern Utah heavily on nineteenyear-old shoultered its contents sparingly, but forty

morning beckoned Ross Eagar outders. He had come back home to minutes out of Salt Lake City, it was

side and on his way to classes at Leeds, Utah, tired, but with a heart suddenly empty. As Ross lost conDixie College. He didn't feel much and scrapbook full of happy memories. sciousness, he heard the pilot radio

like going. A sore throat had teased Now another fall term was underfor an ambulance and oxygen tank to

at him for days, and he was tired in way and there were more drum solos, meet the plane, and then add, "I spite of a weekend of partial rest. Dixie College band rehearsals and think he's going to die."

The summer had been a busy, experformances, numerous student acRoss was unconscious off and on citing one. Ross had worked hard tivities, frequent jaunts with Mom, for more than three months with

as a superintendent of services at Dad, brothers, and sister when the encephalitis, a third manifestation of

Bryce Canyon, harder than three Eagar family band was asked to play, polio. He did not know that artificial

previous summers there because the and of course, no time for rest. Berespiration by his father kept some

new responsibility of supervising sides, Ross Eagar was known for his oxygen in his lungs until he reached 230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the airport. Neither does he remember that at the hospital an incision

was made in his neck and a tube inserted into the windpipe to draw off mucus. He did not know that he

turned black from lack of oxygen, and that his parents were cautioned not to hope for his life. Ross spends many hours preparWhen Ross regained consciousness whiching forhe theteaches.Sunday School class

for the first time about a week after entering the hospital, it was a hopeful sign to his attendants and watchful parents. To Ross it brought only

a sudden awareness of intense pain.

The muscles throughout his body stiffened spasmodically, as if polio were a wrack or wheel tearing; him

limb from limb. Day after day,

whenever conscious, Ross longed for sleep because it meant relief. Sedatives were not used because they can

be particularly dangerous to bulbar polio patients.

Consciousness brought to Ross not only an awareness of pain but also a gradual realization of his complete dependence on others. In his many

hours and days of lying unable to move, he pondered this helplessness.

Even his facial muscles were paralyzed. If his eyes were open, they

stayed that way until someone closed them. If they were closed, they stayed

closed. He could not swallow, but

(Continued on following page)

As important to Ross as any of his equipment is the telephone. Ross and Zelda on their wedding day, November 23, 1956.

APRIL 1957 231 11 his hard work toward greater physi11 cal abilities.

Much of that first year and part of the second, Ross spent in an iron lung. A few months after entering

the Salt Lake General Hospital, he began to spend short periods each day on the rocking bed which, by its seesaw motion, increases and decreases the pressure of bodily organs against i f! < the diaphragm, thus manipulating the

lungs. At first, this separation from

the effortless comfort of the iron lung, even for a few moments, brought panic, but fear soon turned to joy at new feelings of independence.

They were not to last. Ross's

weakened body, lying immoble for so long, with no moving power of its 'EMM own, was easy prey to other ills. KidAs a student and insurance agent, Ross finds frequent use for the electric typewriter ney stones developed, the first of

which he recently learned to operate. many painful complications which

were to leave Ross again near death and halt the physical therapy so imThe Ross Eagar Story portant early in polio. Two major and

five minor kidney operations each put (Continued from preceding page) that peace which comes only from Ross back into the iron lung for a was fed for more than two months God. As when Joseph Smith cried month and kept him on the critical

through his veins and through a out, "Oh, God, where art thou?"the list. Severe bladder infection also

tube in his nose. He could not speak. answer came not in enumerated readeveloped. There were twentyeight

He could not breathe, and as the sons for this suffering, but in words blood transfusions. Twice Ross had

realization grew in him that life deof kindness and gentle assurance. pneumonia, dreaded in bulbar polio

pended on the iron lung into which Ross does not draw the analogy, but patients. A serious ear infection and

he had been placed, fear also grew, the writer cannot help doing so. removal of several toenails meant

fear of electrical power failure and of It took Ross six to eight months to more dependence on the iron lung and mechanical difficulties. Every mornfind peace in his mind and to begin more pain, since complete anesthesia

ing doctors opened the iron lung to to build the attitude of calm submiswould have meant danger to his see if his diaphragm could do its job, siveness to the will of God which still weakened respiratory system. It

trying many methods to get it to accompanies his faith in recovery and (Continued on page 254) work and his arms and legs to move.

Probably his greatest fear was of their daily visit, and the gasping for air during those few seconds without oxygen.

A third awareness, in addition to pain and helplessness, came with consciousness, and this young elder began to ask: Why did this happen to

me? In his own words: "I could not

understand. I knew God was there.

I was sure God knew that I knew it, and that he knew I knew he could heal me."As this sixfoot, 160pound

expert drummer, hunter, and fisherman lay there week after week, his body now helpless, he asked over and over again, Why? Why? Other victims, three of them with wives and

children, shared his room and became close friends. When each died, his

wonder was intensified, and he began to ask, Why was I spared?

Somewhere along the way, Ross reached into his store of faith and Always nearby to help, or just visit, are Ross's parents, Brother and Sister Walter C.

found his own answers, confirmed by Eagar, shown here with Ross and Zelda.

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Neither

Children

Nor Adults

by Dr. Antone K. Romney

PROFESSOR OF EDUCATIONAL ADMINISTRATION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY,

AND PRESIDENT OF THE BRIGHAM YOUNG

UNIVERSITY STAKE

of the ages people fromYoung in a twelve are years to twenty period of rapid physical development. They are neither children nor

adults. One noted sociologist has

referred to adolescence as the period—Monkmeyer Photo Service

of "storm and stress"in life, and in our modern society, this growing up period seems to become even more problems of life. Misunderstood, they put herself on a rigid diet or refuse

complex. can cause much suffering. But even to participate in games. She may act

Although rapid change is also ocmore significant during adolescence quite unlike herself at certain times.

curring emotionally, intellectually, than the differences between indiSimilarly, a boy, when his voice beand socially, the attitudes and perviduals is the fact that a young pergins to drop, may become embarsonalities of our youth are so much son may be more physically mature rassed. He may refuse to speak in

affected by the body changes which than he is emotionally mature, or he public. He may be bewildered by

take place during the adolescent years may be more mature intellectually bodily changes. Although his appethat recognition by parents of some than he is socially or spiritually. Each tite seems never to be fully satisfied,

of the physical characteristics of teenorgan of the body of an individual he will seem to be giving all of his agers is vital. No parents can afford may grow and develop at a different energy to growing and will someto ignore them. Their speed and rate. The glands of the body, which times be lazy and indifferent to work.

force are often so powerful that they have considerable to do with emoWhat are the responsibilities of become frightening not only to the tional and mental maturity, may grow parents during these important years?

adolescent but to the parents as well. at different rates and thus have vary- A fundamental responsibility of parEach teenager has his own pattern ing effects. The muscular, neural, ents during this period is to keep their

of physical growth, with the result digestive, circulatory, and respiratory teenagers well by seeing that they that there are often wide differences systems may also grow at different get the calories and nutrients their between individuals. A girl may be rates. Sometimes the bones grow rapidly developing bodies need, and

physically mature at thirteen while faster than the muscles develop the that they have adequate relaxation her close friends are physically imability to control them, and awkwardand rest. Outwardly it appears that

of deal results. of factors adolescents ness these have a good All afmost

it or shemature may—suddenly, healthy. are social, general energy fect and in emotional, mental, the and

herself the tallest orseems—find sick are percent four spiritual life of about individual. the Only

inshortest the group.

There are also differences in rate Our young people react to the perenough to call a doctor three or more of growth between boys and girls of plexing changes of adolescence in times during any one year, but we the same age. Girls in adolescence various ways. A girl may become know that lack of proper activity and

usually achieve full stature earlier selfconscious as she grows tall or food can prevent one from giving atthan boys. Boys of this age usually puts on weight. She may withdraw tention to other values. Just as imdevelop two or three years later than or she may want to be seen. She may proper ventilation dulls alertness, a

girls and often find themselves more be embarrassed or proud. She may (Continued on page 261)

developed mentally and emotionally than physically.

These differences between individuals, and between boys and girls, naturally complicate some of the

APRIL 1957 233 by Hugh J. Cannon

A FORMER EDITOR OF THE ERA To Be a KING

PART III

SYNOPSIS man's ambitions, although ample opinquire about you and apologize for

David, a descendant of John Hyrcanus, portunity had been given him to conduct which may have seemed unthe founder of the Jewish monarchy, is a speak. She herself had appeared to pardonable."pretender to the throne held by Herod now

Antipas. David and his friends attended a be an acquaintance of Zebulon's, She surprised him with the direct

party at the palace—a party at which the which made it appear that she, also, question: "Do you think you did the

dancer, Salome, for the asked head of John in, was on Herod's side. proper thing?"the Baptist. brought As the head was

David in anger rebuked Herod and left the But David, looking back on the "Yes, I do,"he answered instantly.

palace, taking the girl Ruth with him. details of the evening, was unable to "In my opinion, a ruler who sheds

gratify innocent to difblood the wherein he could have done whim residence favorite not see wasDavid's of ferently, for or offensive cause, any other his conthough a woman, Jericho, in Jerusalem. home in A

is a murderer, and those who by their quite as comfortable and beautiduct may have appeared, without ful as the more pretentious habitation neglecting his obligation to the peoapplause or silence condone such an in the chief city, had been bequeathed ple. For in his honest judgment, it act are also guilty. Still, had I been

to him by his departed parents; and was his sacred duty to direct their given time to consider the matter, I

it was to this place he came after the destinies. might have tempered my words

banquet given by Herod. He was It was with impatience, therefore, somewhat."

dubious as to what course Herod on the day following the banquet, "Do you think I condoned it by would pursue. So flagrant and pubthat he awaited an hour when he applause, or even by my silence?"

lic had been Herod's insulting manmight properly call on the young lady, "The fact that you were fainting inner, that it could not well be who had absorbed so much of his dicates that you had no feeling but overlooked. Although David's life thought during the night. one of horror at what occurred."

had been singularly free from disHis appearance on the streets atRuth gave him a look of gratitude.

turbing influences, his natural distracted more than passing attention, "The truth is, I did not clearly hear position was such that he could not and he soon learned that reports of Salome's request, and when I did flee from danger or difficulties, but his conduct on the previous evening understand it, I thought it merely an had to face them squarely, whatever were already abroad. The rabble, as illadvised jest. It was very courathe results might be. well as people of note, apparently geous of you to speak so boldly, and

In addition to this, the young girl, knew the story. However, the young I have already heard of more than

Ruth, whom he had met for the first man was gratified to see that most one influential man who commends time, had made a deep impression on of those he met, and all for whose your bravery. But was it not rash?

him. As he carried her, fainting, from opinion he cared, were by no means Herod has great power here, and his

the room, he felt that she was more unfriendly. He was even stopped by father left him a bloody example. Of

to be desired than a kingdom. Her two former supporters of Herod and course he must view this as a public

indisposition offered him an excuse congratulated upon his courage. insult."

for calling the next day to inquire Much elated, he approached the "What would you have me do?

about her health. house where Ruth lived. It was a Remain silent out of personal fear

For Herod's benefit, he let his inbeautiful villa near the foothills, on when it was my duty to speak the tention of remaining in Jericho be the outskirts of the city. The gardens truth?"

known, and after waiting sufficiently were among the choicest to be found "No, indeed! I believe one should

long to give Herod's officers time to anywhere in Jericho, which at the always do the thing one believes to seize him should they desire to do so, time was famed for its flowers. be right regardless of results, and I

he called his servants and left the Ruth was in the garden, and as he would have had you say exactly what palace. His greatest anxiety was not approached he was surprised at the you said; but that does not lessen my

what the tetrarch might think or do, rapid beating of his heart. His obconcern for your safety."

for the timid Herod, he was certain, served evidence of confusion on her The personal danger, great though would not take any drastic action part, but her mounting color soon it might be, was a small price to pay receded, leaving her face pale. for the girl's interest. David wouldagainst one of great influence—at

least not openly. "I have been anxious,"he explained needlessly have sought danger for

In what light Ruth would view his after formal greetings were over, "lest such a reward. It was clear, too, that

conduct troubled him vastly more. the excitement of last evening might whatever her sympathies were before,

Her father, well known to David offihave affected you unfavorably, and they were not now with the tetrarch.

cially, had maintained a sphinxlike as I contributed more than one man's "In what light will Zebulon consilence on the matter of the young share to the tumult, I have come to sider the matter?"David watched

234 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA her narrowly as he asked the quessight of a weatherbeaten camel and the events of last evening. Their

tion. rider. careful plan for ultimately enthroning

Her frank answer relieved him: "It is Lebanah, prophet of the Herod over Judea had, they feared,

"Zebulon, as you must know, is an wilderness,"said David. reacted agarut them.

intimate associate of Herod's and "I know him well,"Elihu an- "They said that thy friends, David, naturally would disapprove what you swered, "and esteem him most highly instead of being turned against thee, said, for he himself demanded the exefor his prophetic gift."were scarcely civil as they left the

cution of that unfortunate man. And The eremite approached with a palace. But even more disturbingZebulon is, I believe—speed which surprised David, who was the fact that some of those

The girl hesitated, then continued, could hardly believe the ancient camel counted on to support Herod mani- "He is not so conscientious as some capable of such rapid strides. Clearfested strong disapproval of the immen. But I should not be saying ly the old man was bearer of a mespious murder. They were even

such things to one who is almost a sage which demanded haste. outspoken in praising thee for thy

stranger to me."With impatience he accepted the courage in denouncing the crime.

"Please do not view me as a hospitable attentions showered upon "It seems that among those who stranger. For some reason I seem him, and even before they were conthus declared themselves was Nicolong to have known you, and beg for cluded he said: demus, the man most desired among

permission to become better acall the guests. They feel that bequainted.""David, I have important news for cause of his important following, his

interwill too, thee. Elihu, be And experience, judgment, keen and he "I into the must house go now,"ested. dost not Perhaps thou know their sucOtherwise, be must won. girl "I simply. serisaidthe hope no

I as that working have kinsmen two is cess the bidding doubtful. When will trouble toous because come you

is in palace. servants This Herod's

I tetrarch night, understand good this."of

strictest for in told confidence, thee a former promNicodemus withdrew as her she walked David watched lives of their grass as the be would ise assist to him. thoughtfully then the path,up if it field that the suspected they were facts, of face these the "In Herod

his camel.mounted to of actions reported the hideous me his to purposes. thought abandon He

I masters. their But know of losing position the thou art foresaw danger A t the gate of his own garden, discreet. both holds to already suggested he and*- met Elihu. David private consulta- a morning "This it that Herodias Zebulon might and

"I have just come from Nicotion was held in the palace by the be better to confine their efforts to demus,"the old man reported, "and tetrarch, pale and holloweyed, the labor of strengthening him therehe has signified his intention of joinHerodias in much the same condiin. But they refused to listen.

ing us."tion, and Zebulon. If one could "Rest not under that assurance.

Their attention was attracted by judge from appearances, two of them Coward that he is, these two have the derisive cries of children on the at least had spent a tormented and unlimited power over him. In the

street who were making merry at the sleepless night. They were discussing end he will do what they say. As

thou mayest well suppose, neither mm Herod nor Zebulon will do anything themselves. Cowardice is one of the

things they have in common. But

Zebulon mentioned a man who is in his power and will do his bidding.

This man will doubtless be the one through whom they strike."

"Lebanah, I cannot believe personal danger awaits me or my friends, but still your story is disturbing.

What can I do to protect those whose peril is due solely to their support of me? Shall I abandon my hopes of

ruling over this people?"

"Never!"The old man spoke emphatically, and Elihu joined him. "If

thou choosest wisely thou art to be a great king. That was the voice of

the spirit when thou wast a mere babe. Proceed with thy plans. No

immediate danger confronts thee, and

I shall keep thee informed."

"This is important, David,"Elihu added, "and I can believe all that

Lebanah says. It confirms a fear

—Religious News Photo which I have today discussed with a

Named after the Inn of the Good Samaritan, these ruins of an inn are found on number of your friends. We have to

the road from Jericho to Jerusalem. (Continued on page 282)

APRIL 1957 235 MIA READING COURSE: JESUS THE CHRIST-X

Fishers of Men

by Doyle L. Green

MANAGING EDITOR

sequence of some of the hapof the Gospels"is being followed. by those to whom the story was reThepenings in the ministry of the President Clark has made an intensive lated, still the works of the Savior

Savior is difficult to determine and devoted study of the life of Christ during the Feast of the Passover, with accuracy. None of the four over a period of many years. His which had recently been held in

writers of the Gospels made a com- "harmony"of the gospels is a scholarJerusalem, could not be ignored.

plete record of events, so the story ly work motivated by a deep and sinIt is doubtful that there was a has to be pieced together from the cere love for the Savior of the world. house in all the land in which the

four accounts. But whether Jesus thrilling story of the cleansing of the

went first to Cana upon his return The fame of the man of Nazareth temple had not been repeated. Along

to Galilee, as recorded by John, or to went before him into Galilee. Even with this were undoubtedly told acNazareth, as related by Luke, is probthough the miracle of turning water counts of the miracles which Jesus

ably of little significance. However, into wine, which he had performed

for the purpose of these articles, the at the marriage feast in Cana some Cust'sDrawingJerusalem:by Majora HistoricalBenton Fletcher,Sketch, publishedfrom Lionelby

Ltd., London. A. C. Black, & earlier, in Presibeen dismight presented havesequence months of events

article this in references Scriptural are from Matthew scoffed credited even Clark, Lord and perhaps Jr.'s "Our 2, 4. 8; 4, at 4, 5; John 1; Luke Markdent J. Reuben

By the Sea of Galilee, Jesus called Simon Peter, and Andrew, his brother; and James,

and John, the sons of Zebedee, saying, "Follow me, and

I will make you fishers of men."—Painting by Ernst Zimmerman

236 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "."''?.'';'':'.':

;.::.J::.:.;:-y'-.y-iX-Z-y.->i>

:: been a trial for Jesus. He knew he:!:!:;>;!::.::-'.;:li::!

::isffi;. would not be well accepted, but this did not prevent his going. On the

Sabbath he went to the little synagogue where he had attended church services throughout most of the first thirty years of his life. Undoubtedly

some of his own relatives were in the congregation.

The Lord could read the questions in the minds of his townspeople. Was

not this the son of Joseph, the carpenter? Had he not worked in a shop

with his father? Had he not played

with the children on the hills around

Nazareth? Did he really think that

they would believe he was the Son of God? What would he read from

the scriptures? What would he say

-Painting by Hcinrich Hofmann about himself? Would he try to

Christ Preaching by the Sea of Galilee. convince them with miracles?

All eyes were upon him as he stood had performed in the Holy City. persisted: "Sir, come down ere my and unrolled the scroll of the Prophet

Many of the Galileans had been child die."Isaiah which the "minister"handed

present and actually witnessed some Evidently the Savior was imto him. He chose as his text the

of these remarkable events. pressed with the sincerity of the man, first verse and a half from what we

Every town of any size in Paleshis great concern for his son, and know as the sixtyfirst chapter. The

tine had a synagogue, where the his belief that the Savior had the words of the text as recorded by Luke

Jews gathered to worship and to be power to heal him. are a little different than the Old

taught. Jesus, now a recognized One can picture the compassion Testament version, but the meaning

teacher, attended the services each and love in the Savior's voice as he is the same:

Sabbath day, read from the sacred said simply, "Go thy way; thy son "The Spirit of the Lord is upon

scripture, and explained the gospel. liveth."This must have greatly surme, because he hath anointed me to

One of the cities he visited was prised the man, as he expected that preach the gospel to the poor; he

Cana, situated about five miles norththe Lord would have to make the hath sent me to heal the brokenward from Nazareth. Not only was trip to Capernaum to save his boy. hearted, to preach deliverance to the

Cana the site of the wedding feast What a wonderful lesson the expericaptives, and recovering of sight to the where Jesus had turned the water ence was to the nobleman and to blind, to set at liberty them that are into wine, but also it was the home all who have since heard or read bruised, of one of the early disciples, Nathanthe story! It showed that the Lord "To preach the acceptable year of

ael, whom Jesus called "... an has power over time and space. He the Lord...."

Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile."does not have to be on the spot to Returning the scroll to the "minSome twentvfive miles toward the exercise authority. He spoke, and ister,"Jesus sat down, as was the

northeast on the shores of the Sea of twentyfive miles away a sick boy custom of the teachers of the time,

Galilee in the city of Capernaum was healed! and explained: "This day is the

lived a nobleman who may have Imagine the joy in the heart of scripture fulfilled in your ears."

been one of the officers in the govthis father, who believed the words But this did not satisfy the people.

ernment of Herod Antipas. This that the Lord had spoken. Without It is one thing to say that you have

man's son was seriously ill and very a question, he made his way back been called to do a special work and close to death. Learning that Jesus down the rocky trail toward the Sea perform remarkable things, but anhad returned to Galilee, the nobleof Galilee, his home, and a reunion other thing to prove it. "Physician,

man hurried to Cana, located Jesus with his son. heal thyself,"they demanded. "Whatat about one o'clock in the afternoon, On the trail the following day, he soever we have heard done in Caperor the "seventh hour,"as the Jews met some of his servants coming to naum, do also here in thy country."

their, time, beggeddetermined and better. that his son tell him was He that however, Savior knew, The

to haste to go with Capernaumhim as surprised inquired not but was to his to be used merely power was not and heal his son. when the crisis had passed. His servto satisfy the curiosity of the skeptic

Jesus said to the anxious father, ants told him that it was the seventh and the unbeliever. Miracles must

"Except ye see signs and wonders, hour of the preceding day, the very follow faith, not precede it. Mary

ye will not believe."Some writers time that Jesus had told him that did not say, "Let's see if you have

have thought that Jesus was reprovhis son would live. Here is indisputhe power to turn water into wine."

ing the man for his lack of faith, but table evidence that Jesus had divine There was no question in her mind it is more likely that he was testing power, and all the nobleman's househim to see how strong his faith really hold believed with him.

was. In any event the nobleman The return to Nazareth must have (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1957 237 Fishers of Men (Continued from preceding page) so many fish that it started to break. ices was a man possessed of an evil

but that Jesus could do it. The James and John were summoned to spirit—one of the followers of Satan

nobleman did not say, "Heal my son, help. Hurriedly the second boat was who refused the plan of our Heavenly

and I will believe."The Savior was put out into the water, and so many Father and was cast down to earth

convinced in advance of his faith. fish were caught that both vessels to live forever without an earthly

Among his own people there was were in danger of sinking. body. So dire was the punishment

no one with faith enough to believe, Recognizing this remarkable hapwhich these spirits brought upon and because they were his own people pening as an indication of the great themselves, and so anxious are they they demanded special signs. "No power Jesus possessed, Peter "... fell to have bodies, that they will go to

prophet is accepted in his own down at Jesus'knees, saying, Depart almost any length to enter into the country,"Jesus told them. He then from me; for I am a sinful man, O bodies of human beings. Seeing

cited examples from the history of Lord."This was undoubtedly Peter's through the eyes of the body he

the Jews which they knew so well, way of expressing his belief in the possessed, the evil spirit recognized to show how the righteous men had Savior and his realization of how little the Son of God. Rebuking him,

received blessings, and how the unearthly pursuits meant compared Jesus ordered the evil spirit to leave righteous had been denied them. with the work of the Lord. the body of the man, which it

Either the failure of Jesus to re- "Follow me,"Jesus said to him and promptly did.

spond to their wishes or his implicathe others, "and I will make you Leaving the synagogue, Jesus went tion that they were not righteous fishers of men."The four fishermen with his four disciples to the home of

enough to warrant a show of divine of Galilee brought their ships to land, Simon Peter, whose motherin-law strength, or possibly both, filled the and seemingly without even taking lay ill with a fever. Taking her by

people with anger. Rising up they care of the great catch of fish, they the hand, Jesus lifted her up from

"... thrust him out of the city, and left all they had to do the will of the the bed, and she recovered so quickly

led him unto the brow of the hill Savior. From that time forward they and so completely that she arose and

.. ministered unto them...,"whereupon their city was built, that devoted their full time to promoting ".

they might cast him down headlong."the work of the Lord.. probably preparing and serving their

But Jesus, who had the power to On the Sabbath day Jesus taught evening meal.

control a whole multitude with a in the synagogue at Capernaum. The The Jewish Sabbath ends with the

word or a glance, escaped, and "... people, not used to the straightforsetting of the sun. All of the numerpassing through the midst of them ward, clear manner in which Jesus ous restrictions observed so carefully

went his way,"never, so far as we taught the gospel, "... were astonby these people on the holy day were

know, to come again to Nazareth. ished at his doctrine: lifted in the evening when the new

Returning to the shores of the Sea "For he taught them as one having day began, and crowds of people, of Galilee, or the Lake of Genauthority, and not as the scribes."indeed the entire population of the

nesaret, as this famous body of water Another lesson was taught that day city, excited by the events of the Sabwas also known, Jesus found four of in the synagogue at Capernaum. This bath, flocked around Peter's house to

his early disciples, Simon Peter, and lesson was that the Savior of the see and be blessed by the Lord. HavAndrew, his brother; and James, and world has complete power over the ing compassion on this faithful and

John, the sons of Zebedee. The time forces of evil. At one of the servbelieving people, Jesus laid his hands

was early morning, and these four on them, healing the sick and casting fishermen, who had been out on the out evil spirits. No one with an ailment was denied his blessing. Whatlake all night, were washing and

mending their nets. So great were a contrast to the reception he had

the crowds following Jesus that he received in his home town of stepped into Peter's boat and asked Nazareth!

him to cast it out some distance from At daylight next morning, Jesus shore. Peter responded, and Jesus went "into a desert place"to be alone,

sat down and talked to the multitude. to meditate and to pray. But the

When he had finished speaking, he people of Capernaum followed him told Peter to launch out into the and tried to influence him to stay deep water and let down the nets to with them in their city.

catch some fish. This seemed use- "I must preach the kingdom of

less to the big, experienced fisherGod to other cities also,"he told man. He knew this was not the them, "for therefore am I sent."So

hour of the day to catch fish. He he left Capernaum and went throughreminded the Savior that they had out Galilee preaching the gospel,

worked hard all night and had healing the sick, curing disease, and caught nothing, "... nevertheless,"casting out evil spirits. Everywhere

he said, showing his complete obedihe went he was followed by great ence to the wishes of the Lord, "at multitudes of people, not only from thy word I will let down the net."I 'MiWlfiMlM Galilee, but also from all of the surHe did, and greatly to the surprise—Photo by Wilde rounding land.

of Peter and Andrew the net enclosed The Calling of the Fishermen. (To he continued)

238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the TheMESSAGE of by Hoyt Palmer;

BOOK ofJOB

if I into that land, a pestilence send Or scripin of the in follows account two no place an ThenPerhaps fury it in out blood, pour and upon my is clearly tures there to conversations given between and more God it off beast: cut from and man

belittling as Satan, the great message with Satan no and powerfully Job Daniel, were Noah, Job, Though and of the power of God and the majesty in it, as I live, saith the Lord God, they better than anyone else, and who reand perfection of his creations than shall deliver neither son nor daughter; they mains faithful only because God has

in the book of Job. shall but deliver their own souls by their favored and blessed him above others.

In this Old Testament book the righteousness. (Ezekiel 14:1220.) The Lord, knowing the depth of

great truth is taught that all things In one of his modernday revelaintegrity of the man, gives Satan are under the direct hand of the Cretions the Lord not only repeats the power to take away all Job's temporal ator: that he can and does direct the great truth contained in the book of possessions; his flocks and herds, his

causes and effects of all things for Job, but refers specifically to Job himhome, his servants, and finally his self. children, seven lovely sons andthe good of all who trust him—for the

ultimate good of all his children. The Prophet Joseph Smith, praying daughters. Job meets this test with

Job was an actual, living man, who from the depths of a tortured soul for an unshaken faith, declaring, dwelt on earth at some time not specirelief, cries out to God, who seems Naked came I out of my mother's womb fied in the book itself. This is true, almost to have forgotten his people, and naked shall I return thither: the Lord

blessed taken the gave, hath away; and Lord his answers the Lord anguished soand of the professionsnotwithstanding

(Ibid., 1:21.) of the Lord. be the name pleading a sublime with and comthatcalled Bible scholars and critics

the book of Job is merely a beautiforting assurance that all is well. Satan, having failed to shake the

catastrophies, of faith thesefully allegory parable. or Job by written We

soul; peace be unto thy thine My son, belittles to the again Lord and him direct thehave the Lord himword of afflictions adversity shall thine and but be

self in modern revelation that Job a moment; is given permission to torture him

and the circumstances recorded in the And then, if thou endure it well, God physically, but he must not take his book bearing his name were actualishall exalt thee on high; thou -shalt triumph life.

all thy foes.ties. over

friends Thy do stand by thee, and they So went Satan forth from the presence

The Prophet Ezekiel helps to add to shall hail thee again with warm and friendof the Lord, and smote Job with sore boils the sole of his foot unto his crown. from hands.the authenticity of Job when he says: ly

(Ibid., 2:7.) Thou are not yet as Job: Thy friends do

not contend against thee, neither charge The word of the Lord came again to me, thee as with transgression, they did Job. Again Job meets the test with hissaying:

faith exclaiming, unshaken, of sinneth against Son the land man, when of of the book The writer Job is not will grievously, trespassing by thenme... What? shall we receive good at the It could I known. been have it, Jobstretch will out hand mine and upon

of hand God, and shall not receive evil? staff of thereof,break the the himself, bread there and but greater eviseems

(Ibid., 2:10.)

it, offwill send will cut famine upon and it dence that was a young by man it: from and beastman the name of Elihu, one of four friends The major portion of the book is

three these Though men, Noah, Daniel, and Job, were in it, they should deliver but who came to Job in his great affliction comprised of a series of conversations their own souls by their righteousness, saith to try to comfort him. between Job and three friends who

the Lord God. Elihu, who enters the picture late come as wouldbe comforters during

If to I cause beasts pass noisome through his afflictions. dissertagreat in Their the story, five is the only one of the

it, land,the spoil they so that and it be tions are that premise principal based on the mortal in characters thedesolate, that no pass through may man because of the beasts: book who, in speaking, uses the first Job has sinned in some way and his

Though these three men were in it, as person in a manner used by an auafflictions are punishments for his

I live, saith the Lord God, they shall dethor, rather than a quote of someone transgressions. This accusation he

daughters;liver neither only sons nor they else's speech. He uses the phrase "I resents and will not accept. He mainshall shall but be delivered, the land be

desolate. said"in this way on three different octains, at times bitterly and with some

Or if I bring a sword upon that land, casions. heat and impatience, that he has not

and say, Sword, go through the land; so The book opens with the words, sinned. His extreme suffering causes

I it:that cut off beast from and man in his thinking, confusion some and

it, of in the three in these as I land was There were Uz, Though a man men pleads the with this he admits, andlive, shall deliver saith that they the and whose was Lord name God, Job; was man

neither sons nor daughters, but they only perfect and upright, and one that feared Lord to remove his affliction.

shall be delivered themselves. God and eschewed evil. (Job 1:1.) (Continued on page 263)

APRIL 1957 239 sr

thing was that he was beginning to spell more and more of the words My Pal Joey right.

Of course, what he did was study by Harold Heifer real hard at home. I'd come by his

house sometimes, and he'd be sitting in the crotch of the elm tree in his said he didn't want me to say ably would have spelled it nack or front yard, nibbling away on a pear

Joeyanything about it, what really even nak. One time he spelled or a banana or an apple, which he

happened, but I can't let everypneumonia newmoanyeah and Eskionce spelled appull, and frowning body go on thinking what they do, mo askamoe. away at a spelling book.

I alStill, tell and everything. to he wasso decided I have my friend I really don't saw know what Joey

say stuck must friend best and, ways by him.After And I all, he is my this in Winters. just She Jenny was

well, I just can't let Joey go through he did improve after Jenny Winters a girl. Her freckles weren't even on

life and have people think what they came to the classroom. straight. They were every which

do about him. Maybe Joey wasn't It didn't come natural, you underway.

such a hot speller, but still he never stand. His brow would get all furwas the other thing they thought. rowed up and something like a pain Still, I guess that's the way things

To tell the truth about it, Joey was would come into his eyes. Sometimes go. Joey combed his hair practically

a pretty awful speller. He was good when he went into one of these every day, and he generally wore

about a lot of things, playing third trances, I'd get the curious feeling clean shirts, and even if he had only base, collecting frogs, walking across that some of the atoms in Joey's scalp, three or four patches in his trousers,

Mrs. Foster's fence, and so forth, but under all that pressure and concentrahe'd want to wear another pair.

he just didn't seem to have much of tion, would suddenly go up in little But the most amazing thing of all, a knack for spelling, only he probmushroom puffs. But the interesting of course, was the way he began to

240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA spell pretty good. It reminded me chance to get anywhere in this spellit seems and lo and behold, there he

sometimes of a bear I saw at a carniing bee. The best spellers in all the was up there right up to the last,

val on roller skates. You could hardly schools of the city entered it, and in the finals!

believe it, and you were sure he'd everybody always did his very best Being as the other one left was fall smackdab on what bears fall down because there were big prizes for the Jenny Winters, our school couldn't on any second, but still, there Joey winner, such as a free season's movie lose, but somehow it was very drawas getting away with it anyway. He pass and going to camp and all that, matic anyway. I guess I'll never forseemed to be dying a thousand deaths, and you got your picture in the paper, get it. Joey standing up there on the

but somehow he did manage to spell too, with a great big smile on your platform so stiff and straight and quite a few words right, and those he face. redfaced and Jenny so relaxed with

missed he didn't miss by the big Joey still spelled as if he were being a little smile almost halfhidden country mile and then some, that he tortured to bring the right letters of among all those freckles of hers. And

used to miss 'em by. the alphabet out of him, and his face then the moderator called out the

Of course, the whole thing was that would get awfully red and sometimes word "conscientious."Joey gulped so

this Jenny Winters was quite a spellit looked like he was getting apoplexy, many times that it looked like he was ing whiz. In fact, at the spelling bee which he once spelled applelaxy, but going to have an applelaxy as well as

we had every Friday she nearly alsomehow he managed to blurt out the an apoplexy, but he finally got it out, ways won and usually without too right letters. c-o-n-s-c-i-e-n-t-i-o-u-s. And since

much p-e-r-s-p-i-r-a-t-i-o-n. It was really kind of fascinating; Jenny had already spelled it c-o-n-

Joey's and way I don't but know it made why me s-c-i-e-n-t-o-u-s this of sort unusual, I suppose was right, the turned out to be he was of a bull taking suddenly all so being the time thinksomeone good spelling champ! citywide of at a bull charge things ring and spelling. didn'twith She wear

glasses either or have braces on her waving a red flag at the toreador, As soon as the judge announced he teeth, like most girls who are pretty and toying with him instead of vice was the winner, tears burst into his smart. In fact, she swung a bat versa. Anyway, the bull sure seemed eyes and, of all the luck, the newspretty good, considering she was a to be a surprise dark horse, if you paper photographers happened to

girl, and she had pretty good lizard know what I mean. He seemed to catch him just then, and his picture

collection, so maybe it was sort of lose some teeth every time he did it, came out that way in all the papers understandable, Joey feeling a little but he kept getting the right letters with stories telling about the tears fuzzywuzzy about her. Anyhow, you of the alphabet out somehow or other. of joy in the new spelling champion's

had to say it could be worse. Anyway, speller after speller went eyes at his happiness of winning.

It was clear, of course, that Joey down from one school after another This may sound all right when you was just trying to impress Jenny by but Joey kept hanging on. You read it, even sort of poetic like maybe,

showing her what a good speller he could tell it just meant everything to but in the set that Joey and I belong was. I'll never forget the day he him, his heart and soul and the rest to only losers, if anybody, are supspelled a-n-t-h-r-a-c-i-t-e, just like of his anatomy, which I hate to tell posed to cry, not winners. Why,

that, practically without a bobble. you how he once spelled, was in it. you'd have to be practically a sissy

Miss Lashley, our teacher, just stared And, believe it or not and strange as to cry when you won something. To

at him as if her mouth had become tell the truth, I found myself lookunhinged and she'd never be quite ing somewhat doubtfully at my old buddy. all right again. Somehow it was kind

of touching. The odd thing was, though, that

Joey seemed to look kind of miserable

Quite a few of us just couldn't get even two or three days after. And

over it, but Joey even reached the that was really carrying things too point where he'd stay up in the Frifar. In fact, I told Joey so.

day spelling bees right up to the last four or five remaining ones. And "You dumb cluck!"he cried. "I

when the announcement was made didn't want to win. I tried to lose.

about the big citywide spelling bee I wanted her to win. I thought I was

spelling that word wrong."

coming up, Joey studied his spelling books more than ever. I'd not only I just stared at Joey for a moment

see him with them in the crotch of and then I said, "Real quick, Joey, the elm tree, but I once even saw him spell cluck."

hanging from the rail of his veranda "K-l-u-k,"he said.

by his feet, like a bat, with a spelling I realized there and then it was the book open beneath him for him to same old Joey. My heart went out

look at—right while he was dangling. I could H f-om to him. I don't know how

Still, nobody figured he had a have ever doubted him.

APRIL 1957 241 "Nephites"found in New Mexico

From a letter by Wilford Woodruff to President John Taylor and Council

they are in advance of many Indian tribes of America.

I class the Zunis, Lagumas [Lagunas], and Isletas among the Nephites. (See D. & C. 3:17.) The Zunis are in advance of the Navajos, Apaches, or of any other Lamanites. The Lagumas are much above the Zunis, and

the Isletas are far above them all in wealth, in beauty, cleanliness, and order of their homes and persons, the adornment of their dwellings, their industry and indefatigable labors, and in their virtue, and in the purity of their national blood. Their bearing and

dignity in their intercourse with strangers, and above all else, the expansion of their minds and their capacity to receive any principle of the gospel, such as endowments or sealing powers, fully equal the minds of any of the AngloSaxon race. While I have been standing in

the midst of that nobleminded people, teaching them the gospel, I could not make myself believe I was standing in the presence of American Indians or Lamanites; neither was I.

The Isletas of which I speak is a village twelve miles below Albuquerque, on the Rio Del Norte, containing 3,000 souls that stand at the head of this class of men that I call the Nephites. They occupy forty villages,

containing a population of 32,000, speaking sixteen distinct languages, but nearly all good Spanish scholars.

I look upon this as a great field of missionary labor for some forty good, faithful Mormon elders, who should be able to speak the Spanish; and I. hope next conference will call some of them, at least, into the field. I

visited this people, located in their homes in company—An Improvement Era photograph with Brother Amnion M. Tenney, who had visited

of the Church, both members Zuni women, Two Sisters most of them before, and I think has done much good in their dressed ceremonial Sheka, Vivian and Crystal Peywa costumes. in opening doors among them. He had baptized 115

of the Zunis on a former mission. My journey and visit

Sunset, Apache Co., Arizona,* with him was a visit of observation, and I was amply

Sept. 15th, 1879. rewarded. In what way, I do not know, but in almost

President John Taylor and Council: every village I visited, they were looking for me. I can

only make a brief outline from my journal of our night, arrived on Saturday the entered Zuni of August, the journey. we Brethren:—I On the 19th

BrotherDear13th, and found good spirits all well and in village stood souls. village, containing about 3,000 The

Lake, of Brigham City,* and Brother Bates, of on a piece of elevated ground; many buildings were

Pleasant Valley,* very sick. They had been to the three stories high; and the upper stories were entered by

Verde, baptizing some and administering to the sick. ladders at the top. * * *

Brother Lake has been looked upon as dangerous, but I went all through the village and, for the first time in was some better yesterday. my life, I had a view of the white Indians called albinos.

In my short communication of the 2nd inst, I promTheir hair, face, and limbs were nearly as white as ised to give a fuller account of my visit to the Isletas, milk, much whiter than any Americans. I met with

which I will now endeavor to do. I view my visit among many who had been baptized, and they were very glad

the Nephites one of the most interesting missions of my to see me. They had 2,000 acres of corn, looking well

life, although short. I say Nephites because if there without irrigation. On the day following, we visited

are any Nephites on this continent we have found their village at their farm called Fish Springs. I was

them among the Zunis, Lagumas [Lagunas], and here introduced to Brother Juan Bautista (John Baptist),

Isletas, for they are a different race of people altogether the first man baptized in the Zuni nation by A. M. Tenfrom the Lamanites. I class the Navajos, Moquis ney. His son's wife was the most handsome woman I

[Hopis] and Apaches with the Lamanites, although ever saw of the Indian race; had a beautiful child, nearly

white. I went through their wheat fields, which they

*Sunset was a settlement about four miles northeast of the present town of several visited settlement ruins of about three a Arizona; City cutting County, Navajo was with sickles. Brigham Winslow, were We

also. of a part of Pleasant Arizona, northern Valley miles was Winslow; north

of of inhabitants; the outside walls the ancient some is letter the book, by F. Cowley. from Matthias Wilford Woodruff, The

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA stone were standing some eight feet the spiritual adviser, some sixty miles (John King). He was glad to receive

high. On Sunday evening, the 25th, to Isletas, had not returned. The peous. He furnished us with mutton,

we held a meeting in a village of the ple did not wish to take any steps fruit, and anything we needed. He

Lagumas, called Mosita Negra. We until their Governor was with them. was one of the leading spirits, was

had an interesting talk with the GovOn the following morning, my carone of the most influential men in ernor of the place (Jose Carido), and riage was surrounded by the Governor the village, and was over eighty years the spiritual adviser (Lorenzo Coreo) and people that we had talked to the of age; but by his labor and activity

and both wanted a meeting. They night before. Some of them took he did not appear more than seventy.

called the people together, men, breakfast with us and I had to talk * * * The inhabitants of Isletas women, and children. We opened by to them on the principles of the gosstand at the head of these 32,000

singing and prayer, and Brother pel and their record and signs of the Nephites; all the other 40 villages

Tenney spoke to them in Spanish times, until I left; and the leading come to them for counsel. They have

thirty minutes. I spoke a short time. men of the village followed us sixty their own laws, police courts, and

Brother Tenney interpreted and we miles to Isletas and stopped with us judgment seat. They are very rich.

dismissed, thinking we had kept them most of the time we were there. The man we stopped with possessed

long enough. As soon as we disOn the morning of the 26th of 9,000 sheep, 100 brood mares and

missed, a Nephite arose, full of the August, we drove through Frisco, horses, 100 mules and asses, 500 cows

Spirit of the Lord, and said: "Friends, crossed the Rio Del Norte, which we and oxen, a ranch worth $8,000.00

why do you dismiss us and leave us found very low, and entered Albuand $25,000.00 of other wealth. He

in this way? This is the first time querque, containing about 3,000 inrents many houses in the city, and

we have heard of our forefathers and habitants, Jews, Gentiles, Americans, he is a sample of many of the Isletas the gospel, and the things we have and Mexicans. I was introduced to nation. They allow no white man

looked for from the traditions of our Judge Parks, the U S District judge or Mexican to mix with them in their fathers. If our wives and children of that district, from Illinois. I went blood; all their marriages are in their

are weary, let them go home; we want through the city or town. It is quite own tribe. Our friend (Reylocero)

to hear more. We want you to talk a place of business. I went through said the Americans had called them

all night, do not leave us so."This the Catholic cathedral accompanied wild men. If they were wild, they

speech raised me to my feet, and the by an Italian padre, or priest. He were honest and virtuous. It was

next hour was one of the best meettook great pains to show us everyvery seldom that a case of seduction ings we had. We all felt inspired: thing in it, robes of the priests and of a wife or daughter was known in

missionaries, Nephite men, women, deacons, some robes woven from pure their tribes. Whenever such a case

and children. I spoke, and Brother gold thread that cost $1,000.00. There did occur, the penalty of death was

Tenney interpreted. I never felt was much more wealth than I would executed and had been for centuries.

the want of tongues more than on have looked for in as obscure a place * * * In fact they were so much this occasion. I taught the things of as Albuquerque. We spent the day afraid of white men coming in conthe kingdom of God and found hearts in the place and left in the evening tact with their women, that Brothers

capable of receiving it. All were and camped five miles below on the Tenney and Robert H. Smith, of the

deeply interested, and the seeds we banks of the river. 15th Ward, Salt Lake City, three

had sown in the hearts of that people On the 27th of August, we entered years ago, came nearly starving to will bring forth fruit. At the close of the village of Isletas (Ysleta), being death before they got thoroughly acthe meeting, the man who spoke in the day before the great annual feast quainted with them. They were not

the meeting came to me and said, of this people. Brother Ammon M. willing for these brethren to go into

"When you return, drive to my home, Tenney had visited this people three the presence of their women; but after

and all your wants will be supplied,"years ago and had made friends in the old patriarch had reached full which we did and held another meetthe place. We called upon an old (Continued on page 267)

ing on the Sundav following. We patriarch that had received him beshould have baptized him, the Goverfore. His name was Juan Reylocero

nor, and many others, I think, but the

Governor who had followed us, as did

APRIL 1957 243 Bennett woke to the incesIizsant whir of the Silver Clipper as it skimmed along the lake's edge not ten yards from the cabin. Before she could shoot her lithe body

into position at the small window, the sleek craft was already headingback toward the far side. Liz and the Picnic

Butterflies danced up her spine as she watched the back of Brad Kimby Verne Owen berly's bronze head glimmer in the pale sunshine of early morning. They

were bigger, more exciting butterflies than usual, for it was now, today, beings and they react to any situaable before them. Chattering girls

that the entire girls'camp was havtion very much like a girl. Remember, were piling into four motorboats lining its annual picnic at Kimberly too, that boys are not out to make ing the pier, and she climbed after

Acres, the rolling estate directly across fun of a girl but to like her if she'll Syl into the last one. It swung away

Lake St. Helena. The boys'camp at let them."from shore, made a wide half circle,

the far end of the lake had been in- "That's not true!"Her own rebeland headed for the opposite side.

vited, too. This would be the most lious words echoed back at her. "Why When it jogged to a stop along side

wonderful day of her life! did Bill Russell back out of my invithe dock, she was immediately thrown

Then her heart plunged. She tation to the sophomore banquet last into the middle of a noisy crowd of

wasn't going! She had made the spring? His socalled sprained ankle boys and girls plowing toward the

final decision last night! Stay away, healed in time for bowling the next lawns before the fieldstone villa that

far away, and no one would ever evening! And that's human? No housed the Kimberly family.

know what a dud she was around sir, I'll never let myself in for that Syl was flanked by two tall boys.

boys! agan She hoped one would turn her way.

"Have you made up your mind to The present spiraled back as Syl But the dark one just stared after Syl go?"Syl Walsh, her girl friend, slid bounded into the cabin with, "Come as she drifted away with the redalongside her. on! You're holding up the parade."haired one.

"Oh, I didn't know you were She followed Syl into the summer Liz was trying desperately to look awake,"she turned quickly so Syl morning, the soft breeze predicting gay, to act as if she were having a wouldn't suspect she'd been watching another perfect day. The wedge of fine time, when a tall, rather stoopBrad so intently. silver beach spread smooth and plishouldered boy came face to face

"Are you going?"Syl prodded insistently.

"I—I "she started.

"Oh, Liz, don't start that all over.

All last term at high you were too involved with other interests to join the fun at school. I thought coming

here had changed you, you seemed so different until this picnic thing came up."She b her lip; quick tears blurred

her eyes. "You don't understand,"

she said aloud, and thought miserably: "You're not a foot taller than

every boy you meet; even if you were

a wallflower no one would see you sticking out like a sore thumb!"

"Liz, in another week camp will be over, and you'll have missed the best part,"Syl pleaded.

"Yes, it will be over,"she thought, "I could go today, for they'll never see me again—no one but Syl, and

she'll be too surrounded with boys to remember I'm alive!"She said

slowly, "Guess you're right."

Later as she dressed her mother's words rang through her mind, "Elizabeth, you'll never have any trouble with boys if you'll forget your height and remember that boys are human 244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Liz Bennett, how funny you should be with her. She swallowed and smiled with your counselors but,"she pivoted paired off with Raymond. You're both the

at him. He seemed to writhe in an slightly and caught a passing boy by best archers."

agony of embarrassment before turnthe arm, "here's my nephew, Jimmy ing and vanishing into the crowd. Kimberly. He'll see you're enterThe next few minutes went by

Then the crowd began to disperse tained. Jimmy this is Elizabeth Benslowly. She kept hoping a boy, any

into smaller groups, and for a horrinett."boy, would come along and claim

ble moment she was alone, turning He didn't seem enthusiastic as he her. "They're afraid of me—. They're

uncertainly toward a wroughtiron acknowledged the introduction but afraid to ask me; they think they'll

bench against a low, broad hedge. gave her a look which spelled apget stuck with me. Oh, I wish I

From behind a feminine voice said, praisal and sat down beside her with, hadn't come!"

"I'm so glad everyone came. You're "Sure, Aunt Fran, I'll show her More minutes passed.

Elizabeth Bennett, aren't you? Miss around.""Hey, Liz, why are you sitting

Collins, your counselor, has told me He looked the way she pictured there? Been looking for you,"Syl

that you were a runnerup in the Brad would look if she ever got close bounced up. "Here's just the fellow

state amateur archery meet this enough to see him well. "Is Brad for you. Come on, Raymond, this

spring. She also said you are a golfer. Kimberly here?"she said shakily and is Liz."She gave a short, freckled

There's a short nine back of the wished the words back immediately. boy at her side a push forward as

house, and if you wish, help yourself "Brad!"his voice had a sharp edge. Liz stood up.

to the clubs in the garden house and "All you girls are the same! No one She felt her face redden, but before

play the course."Mrs. Kimberly is good enough for you but Brad! she had time to say anything, Mr.

smiled down at her. He'll be out in a few minutes, you Kimberly, all six feet of him, got up

"Thank you,"she answered, "and can't miss him if you stay right here. on one of the picnic tables and

I hear you have a fine library."I promised to help some fellows gather started talking. "Since everyone has

Mrs. Kimberly looked flattered, firewood. See you later."He scooted been practising with bows this sum-

"Yes, we think it is rather extensive. off the end of the bench and disapmer, it's been decided you'll try out

If you'd like to see it, you're quite peared around the hedge. the targets set up at the edge of the

welcome. It's at the end of the front "He was too short, anyhow,"she woods. The couple with the best

hall. I see it's time for a powwow thought wretchedly. (Continued on following page)

APRIL 1957 245 Liz and the Picnic

(Continued from preceding page), eyes fastened on the black bull's-eye "Y-y-yes, whwhat do you want?"

score will be crowned king and queen fifty yards away. With inborn surehe quavered unsteadily.

until the time of the swimming relays ness she released the heavy string. A round of thoughts whizzed

this afternoon."He held up a long, The ping that followed seemed through her mind and finally came

unstrung bow. "There'll be prizes. simultaneous with the thud in the out. "Raymond, there's a golf course

This is the first prize for the girl topbull's-eye. just off the woods,"she gestured in

ping the scoreboard, and there is a A round of applause rang out, and the general direction. "It belongs to

similar prize for the boy."she nodded and smiled again. the estate. Let's go try our luck."

of ah's chorus rippled through A "I—I've forty a picked out Raymond

tered,the group followed and was "I—Ineverthink played,"I'll stay hehere."stutfoot a by loud pounder that outmeasured him

left kept but She turned andapplause. him

his easy but handling of it marked it thinking awful have must how The lean, bronze figure of Brad expert immediately. as an him

score there for him. His been backKimberly eased the older behind up rose giggle pitched high above A hers, as as she not been good and hadKimberly stood beside smiling and

still the the crowd, Jeff.""Mutt and better was even he an knew bowmantable.

A smattering of laughter flashed than she!

felt sink She her heart disapwith abruptthrough the crowd but ended of the she reached mound Whenpointment. tall, Brad looked so had ly a distinct from on shhhhhhh teeoff, at the she somesand sank on downso straight sitting at of his the wheel else. one face the covered her with and benchcruiser. be! couldn't couldn't He He

tobe so short! He was not even as She stiffened. A bitter taste filled her hands, "There's never going

tall as her own five seven and a half! her mouth. Anger, wild and furious, be anyone to understand people like

fumed inside her. She wanted to Raymond and me, and the sooner

The boys and girls began to drift spin around and put an arrow right we get that through our thick skulls toward the match area. through that giggle! the better!"And with that she flung

"Liz Bennett, how funny you Raymond missed the bull's-eye but her head back and pushed her stiff should be paired off with Raymond,"was close. Then it was her turn body off the bench. "You're going

a staccato voice chopped out. "You're again. She hardly aimed at all and back and face everyone. Maybe you

both the best archers!"was surprised when the arrow struck won't have a good time, but as long

"Come on, let them be first!"A an inner circle. Escaping the amused as you came to this picnic, you're

tall boy rushed over and grabbed them glances and cruel jokes was more imgoing to be a good sport about itl"by their elbows and shoved them portant now than anything in the But even the loudness of her voice forward. world. It would have been better couldn't hide the trembling of it, and

"Okay, but the rest of you line up not to have a partner at all than this though she was standing very straight before we start. Confusion is not good shrimp of a Raymond! her feet were heavy as they carried

for pine smelling the her said. archer,"toward an sweet Brad Kimberly

I'll trees at the of the edge the"Dad, organize woods skirtcrowd if you It seemed as if it were hours later when Mr. Kimberly severed their time ing the golf course. She couldn'twant to get these two started."

limit with, well very "You've done feeling help that farthest the way settled the noise somewhat, When to of a real challenge the rest you."best, take be back would would up toMr. pointed Kimberly a bin of

little more of the long, long day.neatly stacked bows and arrows, It was of no consequence whether a

anyone saw her or not as she flew A hiss ending on a note of pain"Take your choice. There's a size

toward the house. She paused behind brought her to a stop. It came again,for everyone."

at the vigorously a and rubbed bush a sleek out picked her eyes and brown Liz archer's slipped glove an on tears rolling cheeks. her Then down free his straining to dog Doberman of a the top bin boxfrom on and to slowly she the her made way more log. forefoot a large from under fervently shewished her had own house.

exfellow,"she poor "Oh, you fitting deerskin. sesmooth She

the door maid opened A uniformed softly. let help claimed "Here melected a strung looked right, bow that

library. to the gave directions and into you."stepped the She woods it, It it expertly. poised pulled and

back easily. The next bow was betHer breath came in heavy sighs as and kneeling at the huge animal's

ter, it was strong yet flexible. A she moved down the long, dark hall, side said, "No wonder you're stuck.

murmur of admiration came from the but once inside the huge wing, she How did you roll that log over like crowd as she pulled it back and let let out a surprised gasp, "I've never that?"

it whing. She smiled in acknowledgseen so many books!"Then sudHe whimpered and nuzzled his

ment to their salute of a girl who denly her body arched slightly, and head against her arm.

could handle a forty pound bow as if her eyes felt as if they were going "Okay, fellow, I'll get it off, but it it were five or even ten pounds lightto pop out of their sockets for Raywill take time, That boulder has er. That she and Raymond were a mond was not ten yards away. slipped against the log. Understand?"

ridiculous couple faded from her He stared at her, alarm and shock He gazed up, and the intelligent thoughts as she tuned her body to in his homely face. eyes seemed to say, "It's all right;

the rhythm of the lusty pull. The "Raymond,"she started, but his go ahead."

arrow dropped into place as if this stricken eyes wouldn't let her add, Fifteen minutes later she wiped was her own equipment. Her thumb "They embarrassed you, too. That's perspiration from her forehead with

rested on it momentarily, and her why you came here, isn't it?"(Concluded on page 273)

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA manhood, embarking on his task of top of the bank building. Boy, does

getting a worthwhile education via that baby sway."

A college.Here were our two young sons for forMyit madeheart mepracticallydizzy just stoodto lookstill,at

whom the future had looked promisthe tower rocking to and fro on a

LOST ing,Whatcomingwas thereface toto facelook withforwardwhat?to windyand thoughtday. ButclimbingLee wastounconcernedthe top of

except war? it all in a day's experience. This,

GENERATION notHopesomethingwas a thingyou had,you readfor itabout,had wouldthen, wasneverthehaveson towhocarrywisheda gun.he

disappeared with the first war news Fortitude, daring had been a part of by Christine Wach Capener and had flown farther out of sight him from early childhood, yet he with each succeeding day, until now, could not reconcile himself to active here in our living room were our war duty.

two sons, the eldest and the young- "I didn't know you felt that way This article on "The Lost Generation"was inspired by the return of est, wishing they were girls. about a gun, Son,"I exclaimed when

hope in our family after a month of "I've always wished I was a girl I'd regained my composure.

nightmarish upset, born of fear. so I'd never have to carry a gun.""I do, though. Have you ever seen

on brought return of hope The the This deer or boy hunting pheasants?"he was when was who me

a words confident calm, the of by to years old four only I haven't, climbed but had "No, I didn't know a wonelderly lady was such lovely derful gift of peace to our household the top of a high "slippery slide"it was because—"just then our son

that I would like to pass it on to and come down it standing on his Bob came in from the kitchen.

other families in an attempt to show feet. "To show the big boys how "Gripes, I can't see what you're

is always that there and will be to do it,"he'd explained. This was making all this fuss about. You another. or kind hope, of one

—Christine Wach Capener the boy who, when he had fallen and won't be the only one in this fight.

cut a gash in his head had cried, What about me? I won't be far

I'll walk."behind you."T wish I'd been a girl.""No, don't carry me home;

I "So do I, Danny. Ever since This was the boy who with blood "Sure, I know. But what's the

* I was a little boy, I've wished dripping down his face and clothes use? What hope is there for us?"

I was a girl so that I'd never have to had walked the two blocks home and and Lee looked just as hopeless as he carry a gun over my shoulder."said, "Mother, put a bandage on this, sounded.

I didn't look up from the paper I please."Not too long ago he'd come This point of view was not one

was reading. I was not surprised to home and said, "Mother, what do you that had descended on these young

hear Danny say, "I wish I'd been a suppose is the highest spot in town?"men all of a sudden. They rememgirl,"because the six girls in our bered a world war so fierce that no

neighborhood made things miserable "Tf you're counting the mountains nation on earth came out of it withfor him at times. They were just out, I guess it must be a radio or out having felt its imprint. They

enough older than he to be bossy; television tower."lived in a time of buzz bombs, of

but I was amazed when I heard Lee "Yes, it's the television tower on (Continued on page 258) say: "I've wished I was a girl so I

would never have to carry a gun."

It was about two weeks after the start of the Korean War, and our family life had been tense and expectant. Lee was twentyone and

had been in the National Guard for two years. Bob was going on nineteen, just about "draft age."

The anxiety in our home had been mounting steadily. Each new setback our armies suffered brought new

fears to all of us. Lee had been a

student of world affairs and understood that the need for men was immediate. He knew these men would

be drawn from available troops.

Where else could the army get ready help except from the National Guard units? And so we waited, tensely,

expectantly, and fearfully.

Lee had recently finished college and was establishing himself in business. He was just beginning to feel

a useful part of this big active world.

Bob was beginning to unfold into Tanks in Korea.

APRIL 1957 247 ass"one hundred dollars "letting the angel out"and gave me ten dollars for his *

casion she had to show me that now How, When, and Why fiftytithing. The little girl then took ocfor tithing."cents cents and "five

Then I asked for an explanation of what seemed so strange to me upon the part of people apnot who were fully gospel, We Tithed parently to the converted and not members of any church.

"by Elder Joseph E. Eohinson I wish the young people of Zion

could have seen the inspiration that lit up the intelligent face of Mrs. C,

iHiLE laboring as a misbefore her mother, Mrs. C, came in and the enthusiasm of strong consionary in the "Garden and apologized for her delay, observviction that shone in her eyes as she

City"of a western state, ing that it was wash day. After a related the following on "How, when,

I was taken by my comshort conversation, she escorted us to and why we tithed":

panion to visit a fam- a building in the rear where she intro- "I was reared in the orthodox faith, ily of investigators. duced her husband, who appeared to and was a regular attendant upon

active in the worker an and typical as a Michelangelo he services me of front the the building part In church. funds were any Whenever chisel mallet with worked and away I occupied, the noticedthey marble

I alnoticed needed, that the burden at marble, block of an immaculate of several ofbusts national fame men fell faithful a upon ways few who "letting out."the angel all of plaster casts numberlessand struggled night various and with day

kinds. From these I concluded that At the close of an interesting condevices, such as dinners, socials, enmy friend's investigators were artists versation with him, he said to my tertainments of any and every descripof no ordinary ability. companion, "I will soon have another tion, by means of which the dollars

In response to our knock, a bright ten dollars in tithing for you."could be had. The injustice of this

little girl of five years invited us in This remark caused me to wonder unequal struggle by the few so imand informed us that "Mama will be again, and as soon as opportunity afpressed me that I began to seek for glad to see you, if you will please forded, I asked Elder S., "How is it the scriptural way.

sit down a few minutes."that those people talk about tithing "I found Abraham giving tithes of

While awaiting the coming of her to you, and are not Church memall he possessed to Melchizedek. Then

mother, I noted the contents of the bers?"Malachi, 3:8-12, speaks so positively

room and mentally made this observaHe replied, "Oh, they are conand forcibly upon the subject that I tion, "This family has been ground verted to the principle and have studied long and deeply, wondering by the 'nether wheel'of adversity, paid ten dollars already."A few days why people did not tithe now.

and are just beginning to recover later, I visited the family again, and "To make these impressions still from its effects,"for tokens of oneMr. C. asked me "whether expenses stronger, Christ's teachings to the

time affluence showed side by side should be kept out of our wages or Pharisees, in Matthew 23:23 and

for returns investments net reverse. and the conditionswith the very

1 1:42, beconfirmed Luke me in my

only be tithed."I informed him there gains In bookcase the homemade lief to that there one was only way

were broken sets of the classics alongthat we should tithe our wages and give, and that was God's way; then

side school and teachers'textbooks. investment returns, for if our net all these bickerings and petty jealousThe chairs were of several different gains alone were tithed, many of us ies attending man's way would fee

sets, and one appeared to belong to would never pay tithing. avoided.

prehistoric times. (Since then I have "That is just as we view it,"both "About the year 1895, I began to

learned that it was one hundred and Mr. C. and his wife replied, and he talk to my husband about this matter

fortyfive years old.) The bric-a- then informed me that he had made and we discussed it with ministers

brac about the room also told of the who said 'after all necessary expenses two extremes referred to. In trying are paid, tithe the income or profit.'

little girlto us, entertain the showed

An "'There it is,'I said, 'self first, God it that her purse, contained andme thirty cents in silver and three copper Improvement next. There will never be any profit

cent pieces; with considerable pride ERA continuedat that rate.'to discussStill notthissatisfied,freely beweshe informed me that the latter was

ourselves, were having for weher "tithing."

reverses. EPRINT tweenthe very worst financial No

I had not time to ask any questions matter what we attempted, everything *Frora The Improvement Era, 4:35. went against us.

For many years Elder Robinson was president of the

California mission. (Concluded on page 286)

248 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Farming steps NEW years ahead dynamic D-14 tractor

with exclusive new Power Director

New LowLine, HighCrop design..

and an exclusive new way of directing power and speeds at will—

The Dynamic D-14 introduces a new tractor concept it New Power Director gives you 8 speeds ahead. Quickshift to high

or low range on the go... operating with constantspeed, live PTO.

You've never experienced anything like it ix New RollShift front axle spaces front wheels without blocks or jacks. And naturally, the original

PowerShift rear wheels, too!

Power Steering if you want it.

-k New Enclosed Hydraulic System..

new Range Selector for Traction

Booster system controls traction weight on rear wheels, automatically.

b New EasyRide seat brings an entirely new feeling of comfort and security. Roomy platform lets you

step up easily and stand safely.

-j5r New D-14 cultivator is easily mounted. Gangs roll in like a rubber-tired wheelbarrow. Rearmounted implements interchange

with WD and WD45 Tractors.

SnapCoupler hitch—of course!

Try the power of the Dynamic D-14's new PowerCrater engine. Here is

3-plow farming with a brand new getahead feel. Step aboard—at your

Higltlop Design AllisChalmersALUS-CHALMERS, FARMdealer.EQUIPMENT DIVISION

[Stops the eye I New ease in farming 1 MILWAUKEE 1, WISCONSIN

Listen to the National Farm and Home Hour.: s

NBC—Every Saturday ALUSCHALMERS

Engineering in action SNAPCOUPLER, TRACTION BOOSTER and

I POWERCRATER are AllisChalmers trademarks.

APRIL 1957 249 Book of jtttOKimm Volumes andI Janneand 11 M. Sjodahl 'George Reynolds

of the of Book study inspiring provocative, a wonderinto insight and gives glimpses to the travels his Lehi of and world ful world—the descendants his of the world and of Promise BOOK Of M 8M0N MormonThisLand

America. of. Book I to the Nephi Volumein ancient

event each considers.. criticalFrom Firststudy This Omni.

pointof- archaeological biographical and a from view. 55.00

Volume Mosiah.II.. Facts. Wordsand of backgroundMormon andforthethisBookcomof

mentary have been gleaned from many sources.

$4.00 piiilii IWHIIIlllli GOLDEN BOOK Of MBBH8N DesGretSEtBooh Co.

44 East South Temple - Sail Lake Otv Utah

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah money ) check I, AN ( ) (Volume) ttone Wg orderGentlemen:( ) chargeEnclosedtoyoumywillaccountfind ( for

( ) Volume II, ( ) both volumes.

Amount enclosed $ Name Address City Zone State Residents of Utah include 2% sales tax.

EDITOR'S NOTE

Swiss of the the and OUTSTANDING BOOKS BY andWiththe theLos Angelesdedicationtemples construction of other temples now in progress, the templebuilding activity RICHARDS CLAUDE days. is these news Church the inspiraof and of hope Messages LETTERS 1. are TEMPLE THE friends leaders LDS great tion our nonmember by of Some

guidance. daily for will want family is building every a book LDS Here on our confused sometimes Work, of history Temple in the education provides a sound It President chapels. temples and of perit, and joy the for and it, necessity the behind reason the this us sent fullpage recently are this office in book Included McKay's it brings. glory sonal

Los Temple, Nauvoo Temple, Kirtland of the photographs clipping. newspaper British and of the new drawings architects'and Temple Angeles

$2.75 Temples. Zealand New

2. J. GOLDEN KIMBALL TheBiographyAmazingof a. Philosophical.. Amusing

Pioneer and Sixteenth pass cannot Golden of century a ago—J. We become life has now that looking streets without Harvard MeetKimball—andone of thereadgreatestabout hispioneerscolorful philostrue a legend. was He

spire and speaker, iiiiiiiiii figure marvelous on the a opher, golden the at up! faith was His humorist a great 1 in nil 111... [Washhim- of Temple gave of the he Mormon and boundless

will to everyone. You 1 iiiiiiiiii self be ington Chapel]. With what consumtrage- and enthralled by the joys

conflict and dies, the drama the spirit artist skill shows the in mate life about life pioneer (0. his and DcsecctfesBooh inspired truly will be him. You prois boldly so angel of the who 44 [a>t South Temple Salt LakfCi'v Utah conthoughts eternal the by

$4.00 his sermons. in tained line every In message! his claiming

the in form, heroic of that curve and DESERET BOOK COMPANY

City, Utah Salt Lake Temple, East South 44 tilt of the of and the body poise to my account for the order ( ) charge ( ) money ) check will find you "Vndlsed fearis vigor and a there 2 trumpet, 1 ( books: (numbered) encircled following

enclosed $ Amount attention. arrests No that lessness

: Name """Address of wavertrace of nor doubt shadow State --Zone Cj ty

I tax. literally Residents of Utah include 2% sales call thus the ing weakens

proclaimed from the housetop.

This striking conception of the last trump that shall sound is more than a statue or a symbol. It almost seems

an impending event and bids us pause for reflection. Were we a

NOTHING ELSE FITS LIKE member of one of the orthodox churches and had remained, through these changing times, well grounded in the old fundamentals, we might have some apprehensions as to just how soon this golden trumpet may sound.

Taken from the Evening Star, Washington, D. C.

250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1. Answers To Gospel Questions

Joseph Fielding Smith

President Smith makes careful analyses of many perplexing questions asked by lay members of the Church and gives forthright, authoritative answers. These pertinent questions

come from many diverse areas, from young and old alike. The

warmth of President Smith's understanding and his scriptural knowledge make this book an invaluable addition to every

LDS library. Ready April 3rd.

$2.50

2. Messages Of Inspiration

A collection of addresses by the General Authorities

Choice sermons by the General Authorities, selected by them personally.

Subjects discussed include: faith, gratitude, prayer, honesty, chastity, and

many others. This is a wonderful book for your LDS family library.

$3.75

Elijah The Prophet And His Mission 3. Elijah The Prophet and His Mission and Salvation Universal

Sanation Uniwsal Joseph Fielding Smith

These two discourses by President Smith clear up many of the problems and confusions concerning the Prophets Elias and Elijah and their callings.

He also speaks forcefully concerning the responsibility of the living for the dead and the vital necessity of Temple Work. $1.50

4. Archaeology And The Book Of Mormon

Milton R. Hunter

President Hunter relates his experiences on a recent tour of "Book of Mormon Lands"in Mexico and Central America.

His descriptions read like a fastpaced novel. Numerous photographs, in both color and black and white, pack this book

with timely interest.

$4.50

6. Discourses Of The Prophet Joseph Smith

5. A Look At Mormonism Alma P. Burton

Benjamin Alward For many years the Church has needed a of the Prophet's teachings arranged book tells story the This volume handsome is to according subject that matter. This in graphic the unusual an Church LDS of JOSEPH firsthand of teachings the book. The It striking pictures, contains way. 380

titles are Prophet arranged such under that lithography, beautifully reproduced by SMITH as "Priesthood,"and RevelaMan,""God activities vividly descrihe Church many tion,"others. excellent This and many captions accomplishments. and Meaningful

will to a better compilation lead underis treaspicture. highlight a real This each

#-3 of the Prophet. standing n library! for ure family your

$4.00

OFFICIAL PUBLISHERS TO THE LDS CHURCH Gentlemen:

Enclosed you will find { ) check ( ) money order ( ) charge to my account the following amount $ for the encircled (numbered) books:

3 4 5 6 12 Deseret Booh Co, 1 NameAddress,,, 44 Eas t South City. Temple - Salt Lake Utah..... City Zone

',!Vv,w*\*<rWHWWWCT'"Residents of Utah include 2% salesState..tax.

APRIL 1957 251 rthur Elijah Morgan, a venerable eightynine-yearold living in the West Virginia hills, sits Arthur Elijah MorganA alone in his cabin, biding out his days for in semidarkness, he is now almost Venerable Man of the Hills impressive blind. memory, He has an

but the alchemy of time has fused the joys and sorrows of life into a by Lillian Sorensen magic mellowness so that he can recall failure without frustration, ridicule without rancor, and success without selfaggrandizement. Into a family of four children, and when they arose they returned

Here is a man who has found Arthur Elijah was born on March 7, to the cabin and said, "If you are peace! 1868. As a boy he knew hard work. not at the services this evening, we

Anyone familiar with the rugged He also learned to hunt and fish, not will know that you don't want to terrain of West Virginia, the Mounas a sport, but to supplement the food come."As they closed the door betain State, knows that it takes courage supply. At the age of nineteen he hind them, the astonished Elijah

and hard work, even today, to wrest married Louisa Jane Lemasters, and turned to see Louisa getting out of a living from the soil. (Many farms trjey became the parents of seven chilbed, declaring she felt as well as she

are located on hills so steep that dren, four of whom are still living in ever did. She prepared supper, and

mechanized farm equipment cannot the vicinity. With a growing family, they went to the services. Having

be used.) Here, m what is now Elijah turned to railroading on the instructed and preached, the elders

Wetzel County, the late Honorable Baltimore & Ohio, at the same time gave Elijah some literature and the

Aaron Morgan, of Irish ancestry, working his small farm. Book of Mormon. He was asked to

early member of the legislature, and Elijah recalls vividly when missionstudy this book, together with the his wife Elizabeth Allen Morgan pioaries penetrated the Ohio Valley. Holy Bible, to corroborate and make

neered in an era when Indians up About a year after he and Louisa plain the truths he may not heretoand down the Ohio River were a were married, two strangers knocked fore have understood. Leaving an

very real menace, when wild beasts at their door. They explained that injunction to search the scriptures,

foraged in the hills and hollows, and they were ciders of the Church of the elders were on their way.

when the formidable "shootin'arn"Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and A man with little or no educational had to be always within reach for that they were going to hold services advantages, Elijah overcame illiterprotection. Reminiscing, the "Ballad in the neighborhood that evening. acy; the Bible and the Book of Morof Louis Wetzel,"the Davy Crockett They invited Eli j ah and his wifc tQ mon became his textbooks; he read

of West Virginia, comes to mind: attend. Louisa, who was ill, said she aloud, believing that if he could hear

certainly would not be able to go. the words he would be better able to So still I follow the trail of the braves,

And wraithlike still I go stealing Apparently ignoring her remark, one remember. More than two years

Over the lands the Ohio laves of the elders said, "We shall expect passed. Elijah had indeed searched

From Cincinnati to the Big Wheeling. you."Without quite understanding, the scriptures, and he prayed that

And on autumn nights when dark winds Elijah watched them go down the the missionaries might return soon.

carol road. He became keenly interested Asked for his first impression of

roll and rally, the thunderstormsAnd in the pause he saw them when shade Mormonism, Elijah replied, "Made through canYou hear me blow my rifle tree. knelt, they There of a pawpaw* sense."barrel

The length of the Ohio Valley. *West Virginia banana It is now sixty years since he entered the waters of baptism—the first

person in this area to do so. This is

how he recalls his baptism: One summer day he heard via the mountain

grapevine that Mormon missionaries were in the neighborhood. Overjoyed,

for it had been a long time since he had seen any, Elijah left a lamp burning in the window when he retired.

During the night, however, he became ill, so ill that he feared he would die, and he wanted baptism first. In spite

of the pain he was suffering, he walked some distance, he doesn't know how many miles, through the hollows and over the hills in the inky darkness. He has no idea how

he found the way, but he finally staggered to the door of the cabin

Arthur Elijah Morgan at the venerable age of eightynine lives alone in where the elders were. His strength

his cabin in the West Virginia hills. (Continued on page 269)

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Today... tomorrow... and for many

years to come, the magnificent chapels that dot our Intermountain West will be as much in style as they were when first constructed.

Brick's timeless qualities together with the inspiration of trained architects, have made these modern structures everlasting and permanent. They're outstanding examples of the true economy of brick

construction... structural soundness... beauty... low original cost and minimum

maintenance. Build for today... build for the years to come... specify BRICK

INTERSTATE BRICK CO. 3100 SOUTH 11th EAST SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

APRIL 1957 253 The Ross Eagar Story

(Continued from page 232) blessing to parents who had made his rocking bed, the radio, and the seemed to Ross that not a week went twentyseven round trips to Calilights, by without bringing some painful fornia within fifteen months. Ross does not talk about the things

complication, besides polio, to fight. Since his return, Rqss has conhe has learned through this experiHis weight dropped from 160 pounds tinued to improve. He can use ence, or "school,"as he calls it, but

to 79 pounds. his left arm well, and his right they are immediately apparent. In

For more than two years these setarm, so long idle from intravenous the first place, he now exhausts his backs meant slow, interrupted therafeeding, somewhat. He can turn his abilities. Every muscle of his body

py, and lessened Ross's chances for head and shoulders, hold himself in a which is usable, he uses. He conlife and for reactivated muscles. Mussitting position, and feed himself by stantly works with those which are

cles, too long idle, frequently do not resting his wrists in suspended loops. idle. For more than a year he has

awaken. He can sit in a wheel chair for several taught in his home a Sunday School

In December 1953, fourteen months hours at a time. His ability to speak class of men and women his age,

after becoming ill, Ross was flown to returned after much diligent pracsharing with them the knowledge of

Hondo, California, where the largest tice, and he has also learned to swalthe scriptures he has gained while ill.

respiratory center in the world, low. He still studies, and two of the friends

Rancho Los Amigos, is located. He But he still does not have health, he made in the hospital have joined

still was not free from kidney and as we think of health. Much of his the Church because of his influence.

other complications, but it was at body is still immobile, and therefore He has learned to use the electric

Hondo that uninterrupted therapy susceptible to other ills. A common typewriter furnished him, and he coneventually got underway. cold can be very dangerous. He cantinues his Dixie College education at

So long had the muscles been idle not move his legs or raise or lower home.

that they seemed to Ross to be locked nimself by the strength of his own His sincere and vital appreciation in their immobility. Every movearms. His breathing apparatus still for not only scientific helps, but also

ment brought excruciating pain. One does not work, and every frog breath, for the beauties of the world and its

of the doctors likened it to the snapbecause it is as conscious an act as people, for every kind act, however ping of a bone. But the therapists anything he does, is mentally tiring. small, is there in his sparkling eyes.

were as persistent as their exercises Science has partially compensated After four and a half years of great were painful, and three times a day for these physical limitations. Many dependence, he still appreciates all

and at 3 a.m. they exercised his limbs. hours a day, the rocking bed breathes that is done for him. After receivOther treatments included electrofor him. He sleeps in an "artificial ing hundreds of visitors over the

therapy and hydrotherapy. Progress chest"called a Monahan which is years, he still greets each one with

was so slow it was almost indiscernfastened securely over his chest every warmth and thanks. The influence

ible, but to Ross it was real, and with night and which is electrically run. Ross has had on these people would

the passing of time, the pain lessened. He still has in his neck the tube which be difficult to measure. Those who

Today there is very little pain, alwas inserted when he entered the call go away with no pity, unless it though daily exercises go on. hospital more than four years ago, is for spiritual weakness in themIt was at Rancho Los Amigos that and it is easily attached to the nearby selves.

Ross learned loasto phregno (frog) electric "coughing machine,"which Ross has had blessings under the breathing, a relatively new developclears his throat for him. His father hands of President David O. McKay,

ment in the rehabilitation of bulbar has built a small power plant behind Elders Harold B. Lee, Alma Sonne,

polio patients. It took him eight the home, and it is wired to go on John Longden, and the late Matthew

months of daily practice to master automatically in case of power failCowley of the General Authorities, this process of gulping air and forcing ure. Attached to his bed are three and from numerous other bearers of

it down, but it was time well spent switches, also installed by his father, the priesthood. He is convinced that

because it enabled him to spend short with which he controls the motion of these blessings, and the fasting and periods sitting up in the rocking bed prayers of his family and friends, have when it was not in motion, and saved his life and made possible his eventually even in a wheel chair. He APRILSONG improvement. This conviction has

uses frog breathing more all the time. given him a concept of life as someIn March 1955 Ross was flown By Evelyn Tooley Hunt thing eternal, in which promises to

home to Leeds; a special room was him will eventually be realized if he

is obedient, patient, and strong in hisbuilt onto the family home; and the TTheIts dayAprilthemusic,worldeverybegannewreturningto sing bird

equipment necessary to keep him alive Repeated verses made that first warm spring faith.

installed by the Polio Foundation. It When only God heard.

was a big event for the small town The wounds of winter had been long One of the first families to visit and for the Dixie College student On hills whose scars were whitely bandaged Ross after his return to Leeds was the body. It was an especially happy still with snow, Fish family from nearby Anderson

Junction, and a daughter, Zelda, cametime for a mother who had spent the AndSoft, yetand hills,sweet,too,andwereslow.singing Aprilsong,

first nine months of his illness at his oftenest of all. A popular high school

bedside, and for a father who spent The tune was woven under ice; senior, she had excelled in her FHA

those months alone, caring for two TheIts lyricsworldantedatein Apriloursangspokenof paradise.word.... work and was a talented vocalist. She

youngsters still at home. It was a And it was I who heard. (Concluded on page 257)

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Standard tries a flood of fire to make worn out oil fields produce again

Helping find new sources of oil to supply the 13 million barrels per >-/..A

Fire flooding produces heat and pressure to boil out previously unrecoverable day the U.S. will need in 1966

crude oil, driving it underground to nearby producing wells. 1956 1966

8,827,000 1 3,000,000 MANY INACTIVE WELLS STILL HAVE LOTS OF OIL barrels per day barrels per day left underground in spite of the industry's great advances in oil recovery. Our country must have this oil to meet the

growing power needs of industry, the Armed Forces and motorists. That's why Standard is trying a new conservation

experiment called "fire flooding."

say, engineers petroleum. Standard's.. control burning oil by pool of in a the We ignite some predict could the industry in 1925 "Back oil to the drive pressure air and supply. Heat the regulating field. recovery from a new 20 about only % a year's will than It take more for wells pumping. surrounding of methods, recovery secondary Modern

time and a million dollars to see if fire flooding works. It's which fire flooding is one of the latest,

worth the effort because it could add more to U.S. undercould more than double recovery."

ground oil reserves than the discovery of an entire new oil field.

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

APRIL 1957 255

I I EASY I \ sn f\edtnana a jbek % I STEPS Richard L. Evans

toHomeOomfert ["ast week we spoke of unfinished business, of things left undone that hang over our heads. And one of the very

worrisome things that hangs heavily over our heads is a

I debt that is due—or overdue. Paradoxically, it is a worry if I

I we do worry about debt, and it is another kind of worry if I we don't worry about debt. On this question, there are two 7

extremes a man might take: One is living too much for the

future—saving everything. The other is living too much I

"off"the future—living on expected income before it is I

still earned. (A

I will be likely never furtherearned—whichextreme isis toto livelive offoff theincomeeffortsthatof i1

others, sometimes even to placing a burden on those yet I unborn. Many people, through the uncertainties and un-

s foreseen shortenings of life, incur obligations which they don't live to pay. But what about deliberately binding the s

unborn with a burden of debt? What about shifting debts s

to the shoulders of those who had no voice in the making s of them? This is a side of the subject of debt that should

always seriously be considered—for a person who is in debt I

to his grandfather as well as to his grandchildren—a person

s who is in debt to the past and to the future, is indeed deeply i in debt.) So much for the question of binding the unborn.

And now a moment on a personal side of the subject: It is

I true that it has come to be expected that we shall obligate ourselves somewhat for the future. Most of us would never

acquire homes or much of what makes them comfortable or I convenient, except for the possibility of "paying as we go."I

But the point at which personal debt would seem to become

I a matter of very considerable concern is not so much for the things we use as we pay, but the things we have used up I before we pay. This puts a mortgage on a future in which

..how to judge

home insulation and select!> weSo longhave asnoweequity.are acknowledgingAnd now as itto andan attitudereducingtowardit—keepingdebt:

and selfrespect. But soundness be can current—there

feel sense of obligation a for what we. -what parts of your home 7 wheneverit we fail to

to insulate first owe, or whenever we're not paying it off (or never expect..how to protect your home thingto pay inside.it off), thenAnd therenow tois arepeatseriousin deteriorationpart some sentencesof some- I

from the past: The only way to get a load lifted is to begin

..modeling pay with to lift it. The only way to get a job done is to begin to do it.

The only way to get a debt paid is to begin to pay it. There I BALSArAWOOL is life cannot be improved whose no man repenting—and I

all of is to reverse stop doing part repentance the process—toby

what we shouldn't do, and to start doing what we should Balsam- &H it is also so in reducing a debt: We have to start do—and

to? to the process. reverse have pay; we "3 Wool

Reg. U.S. Pat. Off. (a

Sealed and Balanced Insulation

Uke Spoken lA/ord FROM TEMPLE square

Distributed by PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING I

SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 3, 1957 I MORRISONMERRILL Copyright 1957 I & CO. II Building Material Distributors tLmmrwFW

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Ross Eagar Story

(Concluded from page 254) Earn More—With Safetyremembered well the handsome, darkhaired drummer she had seen years

earlier when the Eagar family played Christopher Columbia Says...

for a hometown dance, and she saw SAVE in this Ross the same charm she had lake Your Savingsseen then, plus a depth and beauty of MAIL!

soul that heart. (To won her Ross Pay YOU...

inspirasource of ashe soon became tion and strength, and his love for Make your money earn the most..

her grew with each visit.) A year big 4%. Experienced lending... low

after Ross returned home, they beoverhead... and no gifts let us

came engaged. On November 23, share the earnings with you. Invest

1956, they were married in the St. with complete safety in this stateGeorge Temple. government supervised company.

They live in a small white frame Allof moneythe month,receivedearnsuntilfromthe 15ththe With Si house on the main highway through 1st. Open an account now

Leeds, one block from his parents'either in person or by mail.

home. Zelda has learned to use his

equipment and do daily therapy. m [SUPERVISEDSTATE

Ross's main worry now seems to be Elbert R.

that between her good cooking, and Curtis the best appetite he has ever had, he IN SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSN. PresidentRobert V.

will gain weight too fast. SUGAR 1056 EAST 21ST SOUTH ST. Hodgen

Ross and Zelda look ahead guided HOUSE SALT LAKE CITY 6, UTAH ViceExec.Pres.

by the desires of any young LDS OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS* couple establishing a home. They Elbert R. Curtis T. J. Christiansen Louis H. Callister

want to be active in the Church, and J.Dr.FredJ. LePingreeRoy Kimball DeeLeo L.F. CapsonAnderson GeorgeSid N. CornwallA. Dixon

they want economic independence.

Zelda, an individual award winner in Toquerville Ward every year since she entered Bee Hive, continues diligently her Church work in Leeds

Ward. Ross plans to go on teaching

in the Sunday School, and as his health improves, to serve more actively in the Church. This is one

of his foremost desires.

Another has to do with making the home where he and Zelda live debtfree. By continuing the business course

he began at Dixie College before his illness, and by adding to it work in public speaking, Ross is preparing himself to earn a living. Since his

marriage, he has begun to sell life Ueseret News I ress one and automobile insurance. Although

he now works entirely by telephone, a wedaino invitation pnnfina service tit he is sure that eventually personal contacts will be possible. After more for the most discriminating bride. A

college training and experience, Ross and Zelda see widening opportuniwide variety o| styles and cards are ties. available to add the perfect {.ouch to

Together, their faith in a good future is convincing. voice They it a Scjirl1 s most important>p< eventit ishumbly in their and rarely, but

faces. They recall the blessings promised them, and look to their fulfilment. But it is not a boastful faith.

For people so young, with years ofhard work before them, it is remarkDeseret News Press ably tempered with patience, submissiveness, and understanding. 31 RICHARDS STREET SALES OFFICE - PHONE EM 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

APRIL 1957 257 Hans Brinker America's Smoking Habits and the {Concluded from page 218) who are cigaret smokers use over one pack a day, whereas only about oneeighth of the non -whites smoke this much.

Two and a half million men smoke one or more cigars daily; 7,500,000

( Faultless Version) smoke them occasionally.

Three and a half million men On a bright winter morning with a mountain of ironing to smoke a pipe regularly, 4,500,000 oclong ago, Hans Brinker was do. "Oh,"she thought, "if only casionally.

kneeling the iron of on glide a as quickly bank would my estimated million half and An menfrozen canal, his putting on as smoothly and skates Hans'million stopped have womenSilver Skates. His ironing mother do, was would fun be m- cigareta fall entirely since the smoking

...in the of house stead work!"

of 1953. One year earlier, between

the fall of 1952 and the fall of 1953, $AVe about 600,000 men and women quit smoking. Most of those who gave up

MINUTES// cigarets during the past year and a half were under fortyfive years old.

Despite the relatively large increase in the number who have given up cigaret smoking, about half of the men and a quarter of the women in the country are still smoking cigarets daily.

The findings indicate that there

she "I'll try it!"that heardThen are larger percentages of smokers one day she cried. "Next among those below or above those starch ironhot laundry I'll take washday makes sec20 extra

diversity in ages. Greater smoking to easier hot and ondsing so much make Faultless—

diswas among womenquicker, too, because starch hot Starch save and or practices 20 minutes thirtypenetrates—goes in, not on more when I iron. That's where closed, however, ranging from

the fabric, as cold starch does. time counts!"five percent of the twenty -five to

thirtyfour group, to only four percent of those sixtyfive and over.

A Lost Generation

{Continued from page 247)

fasterthan-sound airplanes, in the time of wage and labor disputes. They

were living in the "Atomic Age."Perhaps there was little wonder that

they felt there was no hope.

So she lived happily ever after. If you'd like to save 20 minutes

Her iron glided quickly and or more of ironing time, use hot family unit, a state, a nation, orsmoothly like Hans'silver Faultless Starch—Blued and A

skates as she happily hummed, Perfumed, or regular white. a world without hope is a dreary

"Makes your ironing easy... You'll find hot Faultless Starch thing to contemplate. The place toa joy—not a job!"is the easiest starch to iron. begin to revive hope must be the

family unit. But how? I cast about

in my mind trying to find a peg on

P. S. Clothes look "justironed"longer, too, which to hang a try at reviving hope

when you use hot Faultless Starch. You'll in my family. How could I best

not only feel less tired after ironing with help my sons who were floundering

Faultless, but you'll take new pride in your in a world of despair?

family's appearance, when you switch to Many years ago when Bob was a hot Faultless Starch. Try it. You'll see. small boy, he'd come to me saying,

{Continued on page 260) It's the world's most dependable baler!

Mccormick no. 45

Proved and approved by over 99,000 satisfied users! The

lightrunning McCormick No. 45 is first choice of more

farmers and custom operators than all other familysize balers combined! It pioneered lowlevel pickup and floating auger for uninterrupted feed and big daily tonnage

... performance yet unequalled!

You bale all crops, long or short. Hold desired density

automatically with optional hydraulic regulator. You get

positive tying without frequent adjustment... firm ties

close to the bale prevent buckling. Nonstop plunger

slices each charge... packs bales uniformly. This helps

your No. 45—pto or engine drive—match tonnage with

outfits claiming 30 to 50% greater capacity.

Cut square corners easily... hook up fast with the new

five, six, raised mower. HydraulicallyMcCormick No. 32 trailing FREE.'* McCormick baler twine to tie cutter sevenfootor breakaway. bar protected by 45degree

Heavyduty precision drive and pitman assure seasons of smoothyour first 1,000 bales!

running operation. You get 2 bales of highquality

McCormick baler twine FREE with your new McCormick twinetie baler. Enough

to tie 1,000 average 36inch bales of hay! We make this offer to prove to

you "your baler works better"with true sisalana McCormick twine... you

bale faster, smoother... tie your hay

at lower cost per ton!

Ask your IH Dealer for proof that it pays you to own a

McCormick No. 45 for as little as two day's baling a year.

Buy through the IH Income Purchase Plan.

SEE YOUR

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER Get gentle, highspeed raking! Rake all your hay when it's DEALER

with the afterready, season McCormick season No. 15 sidenew

in for products Harvester themselves pay use—McCormick leafInternationaldelivery travel Shortest possible rake. means gentle, hay... International Farmall.. Construction Tractors Trucks. and Motor Equipment—GeneralFarm Equipment,

actionsaving fastest raking speeds. 1, III. Office, at Chicago

APRIL 1957 259 A Lost Generation

(Continued from page 258) "Help me, Mother. I need you toNEW CARNATION help me."

I can remember the situation was one which concerned a psychological his teacher. "Magic Crystals"problem between him and

I was reluctant to interfere because

I didn't want to weaken the boy by solving his problems for him.

"How can I help you, Bob? Isn'tINSTANT NONFAT this a problem for you and your

teacher to figure out?"

"Yes, Mother, it is, but you can help me by making me strong inside, DRY MILK! like you did when I was in the first

grade."

these two young men needed to be Now t+ So, here again, many years later made "strong"inside. The starting

available in point to revive hope?

(arnation of Thatrunningafternoona few errands,during theI stoppedcourse INSTANT at whitehaired the bank. A lovely NONFAT double- J!%s3T DRV %? MILK a neighbor, stopped woman, who was

if to chat. her her I asked young sealed son, in the National married who was

25quart yet.Guard,Whenhad beenshe calledtold meto activehe hadn'tduty

been called, I said, "It'll go hard on

I to leave, understand won't it? metal himhis wife is expecting soon."a baby

container! smiledThis beautifulcalmly andwhitehairedanswered: woman"Don

understands that he'll be given

This is the new pure crystal form of freshest pasteurized nonfat strength to meet this emergency. The

baby will be a comfort to his wife milk. New Carnation Magic Crystals that burst into fresh, deliwhen he leaves."

cate flavor instantly, even in icecold water! Delicious for drink- I marveled at her composure and

ing, rich in all the natural protein, calcium and B-vitamins of said: "You seem undisturbed by this

fresh whole milk. Ready instantly for cooking, baking—no specrisis."

cial recipes needed. "Not undisturbed. Let us say that

Buy Carnation Instant in the handy 3-qt. and economical 8-qt. I have hope it will terminate soon."

packages for regular daily use. Discover the delicious fresh flavor "Hope? Did you say hope? My

of Carnation, the only Magic Crystals Instant, today. sons feel there is no hope. They believe they belong to a lost generaFor drinking, cooking, baking, whipping.. tion."

SAVE ALL 4 WAYS! tion."TheyOnebelongthat toI abelievedifficultis generato give

birth to a bright new world. There's

always hope."FOR YOUR

WELFARE FOOD rpnEN you believe we are in harSTORAGE PLAN: *- mony with God?"

Carnation Instant 3-qt. and 8-qt. "Indeed I do, and I believe we'll

packages are wrapped in foil. always have hope. You see, if you

Can be stored with complete cannot hope for one thing, then you must hope for something else."safety for a year. For maximum

storage life, get the new 25qt. In repeating her words to our sons

that night I said, "You see, boys, doublesealed metal container. this is the way it works: If we can't

hope to stay out of the conflict, we 260 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA must hope for an early end to it: If

we can't hope that we may live a peaceful life, then we must hope that...we may return to peace and a better m beautiful floors

world. I could go on and on just

as you can, with a new hope taking and here's how REiGIBJA. beautifies them

of of the placethe each old ones you without frequent waxing, without hard work to destroyed."believe been have

These young men in front of me 0'h relaxed their grim expressions, and I saw hope born anew out of this courageous woman's words: "There's

always hope, if not for one thing, then for another."

Neither Children Nor Adults that friends floor satingleaming, hall—First—Have Entrance Living room

Regina!.. it sparkle with Twin this see, so make like, every day smooth floors (Continued from page 233)

brushes polish floors fast in 12"sweeps, not just after waxing. It's easy! Just buff...

cold or hungry youngster is a poor go right up to baseboards, into corners. now and then with Regina 's twin buffing

subject for any kind of learning. Wise frequentYou get. waxingsa professionalare unnecessary.finish that lasts, youpads doandis floorsglide Reginasparkle along.all the time. All

parents will understand the physical needs of their boys and girls, will recognize the type of behavior which is a symptom of some unmet physical need, and will adjust the home to this need.

Sometimes there exist physical defects, such as infected tonsils, incorrect posture, nasal difficulties, heardifficulties, heart defective eyes,ing abuse. floor gets Yet This—floor a spotless—For without Playroom Kitchen

even with selfr it shining Regina keeps scrubbing Regina. or other hardailments, Twin malnourishment, work—trust

difficulties which have developed over brushesthoroughcleanwork sudsall hardin oppositefloors. directions,You never polishingpolishes, buffswaxes!,. Regina. gives scrubs,hard floorswaxes,a

a long or short period of time. These get down on your knees. You're ready jewelbright protective finish. Works wonchronic problems are serious not only to wax and polish in minutes. ders on furniture tops, kitchen counters.

because young people so handicapped cannot profit fully from education nor live abundantly, but also because they sometimes come so slowly that they are mistaken for character defects. $!50

Consider, for example, the following plus64excise tax case history.

Elmer was a large boy, larger for his age than the other children in the family. At school and at home he

would often go to sleep. Often at a

social or at Church he would drop off to sleep at the strangest times. He

tried to stay awake, but he always POLISHER and SCRUBBERseemed to fail in his efforts. His parREGINAAvailable with optional rugcleaning Find your Regina

ents talked to him about it and were and sandingrefinishing attachments dealer in the

YELLOW PAGES childrenworried. began Other polisher best, first, widely used most to America's

"Floor Machines''service still troublefree after under giving—thousands and call himmake fun of him

"sleepyhead."His posture became 25 years in use. If not listed -

poor and his expression listless. Ask your dealer for a quick demonstration. mail coupon

his teachers, parFriends, and even Calif. A. 14, L. 7th St., Corporation, 520 Regina W. The FREE!ents, to consider mentalbegan him of of nearest dealer Floors,"and Please send free "Bulletin 44—Care name today Send finally deficient.ly doctor family The NAME for

as a thyroid the troublediagnosed ADDRESS t informative i treattakeshortage. Elmer began to CITY. ZONE STATE. booklet I

ments, and within six months most In Canada: Switson Industries, Ltd., Welland, Ontario ii

of his annoying symptoms had disappolisher-scrubbers, largest manufacturers of twinbrush By the world's peared. also Electrikbroom makers of famous Regina

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1957 261 Neither Children Nor Adults Give your home the modern touch with.. (Continued from preceding page)

It is not always possible for parents to identify or to know exactly what to do in case of physical defect in a child, but a wise parent will be careful not to attribute its annoying symptoms to a character defect.

Equally as important as the actual physical health and rate of development of our youth are their feelings about their own health, their ability, their stature. An adolescent often

needs help in understanding why he feels and acts as he does. It may

cause him much anxiety if he feels that he is not developing normally.

He may feel that he is not so tall as he would like to be, or he may be afraid that he is going to be too tall.

And just as a boy may feel resentful and be concerned about his temporary shortness, a teenaged girl may worry because she is larger than her friends.

Let us help you plan your—-t Her height makes her feel awkward.

She may feel that her neck is too long,

It's amazing how much beauty you can add to your home... howor that her hands or feet are too big.

much protection you can provide for your car with a smartlystyled, It is not enough for parents to tell economical carport. Overnight your achieve can home that low, their children that their physical desilhouette groundhugging that's so the popular, with plus advantages

of a shelter for the family car. Many styles available For instance velopment is normal for their age.

you can have a builtin storage area for garden and lawn equipment It is important that adolescents be... tie it into a patio and outdoor living area... add it on to an reasonably wellsatisfied with their

existing car garage protection. for two payment down No required. physical condition. parents, Wise Easy monthly terms our Plan. on Budget Payment BESTWAY although they cannot always understand the interrelationships of physical changes which occur, can assist

the child to develop proper attitudes

IDAHO OREGON UTAH WYOMING and to accept these changes as inevitable and natural growth processes

Garage Fencing They can develop an understanding sympathetic attitude toward them and refrain from intensifying the natural difficulties which arise. Many ado028 per mo. as low as per mo. as low as belescenteliminated.fears and worries might thus

The important thing for parents to understand about the physical needs

SALT LAKE'S NEWEST HOTEL thatand theircharacteristicsspeed and ofvariationsadolescentshave isa direct and indirect effect upon learning, attitudes, and emotional health.

So many things depend upon the physical condition of the individual that we as parents must realize and understand how closely the behavior of our children is related to body

COFFEE SHOP and growth.

DINING ROOM Most of our children will come through safely. But all of them need The place to eat in downtown

and will appreciate a wholesome Salt City. Special Lake rooms

J understanding of the changes and effor also available banquets, J| business luncheons and wedding fects of physical growth. As Latterbreakfasts. day Saint parents let us give patient,

262 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA help to our teenagers. Let us give

intelligent information and guidance in order that their attitudes and character may develop in a desirable way. Salt Lake City...

Let us help them to avoid unnecessary suffering.

Air Capital of the West!

The Message of the Book of Job flights now assure you (Continued from page 239) WESTERN AIRLINES'

But throughout, the confidence the of modern air service to 45 cities in the West

Lord expressed in Job from the beginning is borne out. God knew his -with connections to all the world!

heart and the depth of his integrity.

Job declares:

Though he slay me, yet will I trust in him.... I will maintain my own ways

before him.

He also shall be my salvation.... ENJOY AMERICA'S DC6B J.4... I know that I shall be justified. SMARTEST AIR SERVICE LUXURY FLIGHTS

(Ibid., 13:1516, 18.) Luxury beyond compare... at no Nonstop to Denver and Minneapolisextra fare! Gourmet dining, orchids St Paul. Nonstop to Los Angeles,

It is also in answer to one of his for the ladies, many other San FranciscoOakland, and Reno.

friend's arguments that Job utters his delightful extras! Convenient departures.

powerful testimony on the resurrection,

For I know that my redeemer liveth, and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the earth: And though after my skin worms destroy this body, yet in my flesh shall I see God.

(Ibid., 19:2526.) MODERN DC6B DELUXE PRESSURIZED

AIRCOACH FLIGHTS CONVAIRS NORTHBOUND

Beginning with chapter thirtytwo Western's 4-engine DC6B aircoach, Headed for Idaho, Montana, or Canthe young man Elihu comes onto the "The Night Owl,"offers you presada? Western's deluxe pressurized

scene. In accord with the customs of surized comfort at coach economy. Convairs turn those weary miles inthe time that youth should not speak MinneapolisSt. Paul, $50.75. Las 11 to pleasant minutes!

before age, nor speak at all without Vegas, $20.05. Los Angeles, $30.25. "f

permission, Elihu has listened while his three older friends have spoken and has heard Job's rejoinders. As

he has listened, he has become more and more out of patience with the accusations that are made, and finally, in disregard of custom, his displeasure breaks forth, and he utters his version of the matter.

Elihu begins by denouncing his older companions as not having used wisdom in their arguments. Then he

turns to Job and, after quoting some of Job's own words in maintaining his innocence, answers that God is greater than man and need not give To Mexico City an account of his actions unto man, although he can do so if he so WESTERN desires. He recounts the powers of God in his ability to protect man's AIRLINES

soul from the pit or his life from perishing by the sword; how he chas-

(Continued on following page) APRIL 1957 263 The Message of the Book of Job

(Continued from preceding page) tice and wisdom, how he abhors and tens man, yet is gracious unto the will punish evil, and considers not sufferer and finds a ransom; how he man's opinion of himself. The seaanswers prayers and renders unto sons and the elements he holds in his

man his righteousness and accepts hands, and man cannot know God repentance. He recounts God's jusnor all his ways.

rr<FNrrrrrrr I a I I I I Jhe Ljodpei of Worn I I I 2 Richard L. Evans I

TT* here are many opposing opinions as to what is considered I * to be success. And while some seek to prepare them- I

selves for maximum service, there are some who seem to I dedicate themselves to the idea of being free from work. But

l even when work seemingly ceases to be a necessity, it never I ceases to be a principle and a privilege. Even when we don't I

have to work, it is good to want to and wonderful to be able I 1 to. And there is no way of going through life without con-

l suming someone's work—our own or others. We can't eat

without consuming someone's work. We can't travel without

Make the Tone Test consuming someone's work. We can't use any substance or

and Hear the Difference accept any service without accepting someone's work. No

for in comparative demonCome or provides, nature are what able what men to make stration this matter test""tone of and | do, machines in is always work in versatile process the somehow organ. ARTIST Conn

this finest Easter the Make ever, bringing the final product to people. And no matter how church, or for for your your home

by giving a Conn ARTIST—for much life becomes mechanized, men cannot be fully happy

years musical of enjoyment. many accomplishment—regardless still delivery There's to get time of i The Lord God himself so for Easter in today... so come ornecessity—withouthave a satisfyingwillingsense work.of

make every comparison to be sure! ordered it: Surely he could have made less work for men if

No obligation. he had thought it were wise. Surely he could have put the

precious metals of the earth in easy, convenient places.

Surely he could so have ordered nature that we could reach out and take our living almost effortlessly. Surely he could i

2 so have ordered the elements that we would have little or no i physical discomfort to guard against. (Furthermore, he could

7 have given us all the answers and spared us the need for i faith as well as work, without so much searching and seeking.)

But what would that have done for our development? With-

'aijnes Music out work to do, without problems to solve, without challenging situations to wrestle with, without the necessity to learn I 5a(tate City and the need to believe and the willingness to do, what kind 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY. PROVO I of soft and unresourceful creatures would we be? This we

recall from Carlyle—this from his words on work: "The most

unhappy of all men is the man who cannot tell what he is going to do, who has... no work cut out for him in the

world.... For work is the grand cure of all the maladies I

work, which I invites I and miseries that ever beset mankind—honest

.. I in this v"1 latest Gospel "The

it.... Blessed has I do reverence 1 youworldintendis Knowgettingthy workdone.and is he who

and Internationa! church seating I found his work; let him ask no other blessedness."2

is proving its worth in more and I and more churches every day. ZJke SpokenSpoken l/i/ord(/l/ofd from temple square

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING I

Ask today for full information, SYSTEM, FEBRUARY 10, 1957 I

Copyright 1957

at Edinburgh, 1866. international seat division of '-Ibid.,ThomasPastCarlyle,and Present,InauguralGh.AddressXI.

UNION CITY BODY CO,, INC. 2 I

Union City, indipna 264 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It seems that the Lord must have and put into operation by himself in Hast thou commanded the morning since days, and caused the dayspring to knowinspired Elihu to say these things. all their parts. thy

...? his place

the setting for the provide powThey into the springs thou of the entered Hast doors. shut with up the sea Whoerful message humbling and very of in or hast the search thou walked shalt Hitherto.. and. sea come, thou And said,

which immediately follows as the no further: and here shall thy proud waves the depth?

Lord speaks directly to Job from a be stayed. (Ibid., 38:8, 11.) Have the gates of death been opened unto

whirlwind. thee, or hast thou seen the shadow of death?

This answer from the Lord to Job From this beginning the Lord sumHast thou perceived the breath of the contains some of the most sublime marizes more of his creations, making earth? declare if thou knowest it all.

thoughts and expressions to be found it clear to Job that an allwise Creator Where is the way where light dwelleth?

in all literature. It should. It is the has made the earth and all things And as for darkness, where is fhe place

direct word of the Lord, and who is connected with it. With each new thereof? (Ibid., 38:12, 1619.)

there who can claim greater perfecpiece of evidence he stamps more tion and utterance? indelibly the truth that with the Does Job have an understanding

The Lord begins wtih his question power and knowledge thus manifest, of all these things?

as to where Job was when the foundahe, the Lord, has all things in his The Lord moves into the expanse tions of the earth were laid, when all power and can control them as he of space and asks Job if he can bind the sons of God shouted for joy, imwills. He impresses Job and all who the sweet influences of Pleiades or

plying that Job was somewhere presread and understand with the majesty loose the bands of Orion. Can Job

ent. Then he forcefully calls attention and perfection of his creations. understand the ordinances of heaven

to the fact that the details of this Man cannot control God's creaunder which these things were created creation were minutely worked out tions. (Continued on following page)

? i/no

*no pride—and popularitu—and pnnapteprinciple

Richard L. Evans /no

I

ikNE of the timeless questions—one seemingly proval.) The disapproval of the crowd, the disof prevailing i V./ never settled—is: "What makes people do approval of fashion, the disapproval S what they do?"Human nature, we sometimes opinion isn't ever easy to take—but it is easier

of conscience that comes with tradsimply say—but human nature is no simple thing than the kind

s to consider, with all the complexities and problems, ing principle for pride. Repentance itself is a

and all the motives of men. But no matter what hard principle for a very proud person because /T0

other motives there may be, certainly pride is repentance means admitting a mistake. Sometimes 5

to a par- /no frequently a factor in the actions of people—and a person who has committed himself

s is somewhat inherent in us all. All of us like ticular position would willingly alter it, would /W

for repent, for pride, except except apof; all inwillingly are well to be thought somewhat

/no s of pearances. part susunfortunate one And peoples'those other by of opinions—evenus! fluenced a false false taining effect pride or a position is the profess peoples'opinother not to care about who

ions. People like to be approved. People like it has on others also: For all of us (whether we

/<W the good opinion of other people. We see it want it so or not), have more influence on others

from the earliest years of youth, as youngsters than we sometimes suppose. Our every attitude I are sensitive to the opinions of playmates. And and utterance, our respect or disrespect, what /no

S one of the most important decisions of life is others, feel from us, affect our families, our friends, $ deciding by whom we most want to be approved and all who publicly or privately observe the living /1> s and what price we would be willing to pay for of our lives. And to the young especially—and /no

I approval. Will a boy do anything a crowd dares also even to the old—we would say: Never com-

s him to do, just for the sake of pride, just for promise principle or high personal standards for /no s supposed approval? Will a girl relax her stand- a supposed popularity or approval, or for the sup- (1

or of opinion or person posed any good crowd of for purity, the sake or sacrifice personal ards, /no is of that pride kind the with bought clique—for Will approval? or popularity supposed a man

/no s price. a at too principle high comes of for the sake truth a found has suppress he

/no I a long professional could approval? make (We

1 or misUhe Spoken lAJord FROM TEMPLE SQUARE /nO been martyred list of those who have /n s understood because they valued some truth, some PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

/no I discovery, above popular or professional apSYSTEM, FEBRUARY 24, 1957 Copyright 1957 5 /n s

APRIL 1957 265

The Message of the Book of Job

(Continued from preceding page) or can he set the dominion of the

For finest earth,"that abundanceor lift his ofvoicewaterto themay cloudscover thee"? (Ibid., 38:34.) Can Job control the clouds in wisdom or stay or

rain, grows the dust bring "when clods cleave together"? the hard andperformance, use (UTOCO (Ibid., 38:38.)

Can Job, by speaking, make anything so beautiful as the goodly wings of the peacock or give wings and feathers to the ostrich or create the instinct that makes the ostrich leave

I her eggs in the warm sand to hatch? 0ftii Has Job given the horse strength and all new gasoline his usefulness in battle? Does the

hawk fly with wisdom given it by

Job or the eagle mount up at his command?the most powerful, cleanest motor Bringing the point more directly

to Job, the Lord asks:

Shall he that Alcontendeth with the... availfuel science can make instruct mighty he that reproveth him? God,

let him answer it. (Ibid., 40:2.)

is fairly humbled, By this time Job that although he hasable in both Ethyl and Regular. acknowledging

spoken out against God because of

Octane ratings boosted to allJob'sButsuffering,the Lordheis willnot dothrough.so no more.The

message that he is teaching is not planted deeply enough, and he condirect instructions tinues some withtime high. It's another Utoco humble. to be on how

Gird up thy loins now like a man: I

will demand of thee, and declare thou untoexclusive feature. me.

Wilt thou also disannul my judgment?

wilt thou condemn me that thou mayest be righteous?

Hast thou an arm like God? (Ibid.,

UTAH OIL REFINING CO. 40:7-9.)

Job is enjoined to deck himself with majesty and excellency and to array himself with glory and beauty, to cast aside his wrath and his pride;

f/ Then will I also confess unto thee that thine own right hand can save thee. (Ibid., 11BURNED OUT 40:14.)

REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

is filled the humility with Job now to live, a place you fire may mean A are out of that lacked acknowledges and has he with expense tremendous added before you find another. the power and right of God to govern

all things.

Let us explain your need for ample insurance to cover today's higher values. I know that thou canst do every thing and

that no thought can be withholden from

UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY thee.Who is he that hideth counsel without

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City knowledge? therefore have I uttered that

I understood not, things too wonderful for me, which I knew not....

266 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA I have heard of thee by the hearing of the ear, but now mine eyes seeth thee.

Wherefore I abhor myself, and repent in dust and ashes. (Ibid., 42:2-3, 5-6.)

Job's repentance is accepted, and in spite of and following all his calamities, his integrity is fully rewarded. The power of God to justify

his servants and reward their faith and integrity is manifest to him by a restoration of a double portion of all Job had before his testing by Satan began.

So the Lord blessed the latter end of Job more than his beginning, for he had fourteen thousand sheep, and six thousand camels, and a thousand yoke of oxen and a thousand she asses.

He also had seven sons and three'daughters....

all in the land were no And fairso as of the women found P si daughters Job.

After this lived Job an hundred and forty years, and saw his sons and his sons'sons, Gain a Full Quarter of Study With generations.even four

So Job died, being old and full of days. (Ibid., 42:1213, 1517.) All the Brigham Young University Extras

Distinguished Faculty—Nationally

will visit to augteachers MORE SPECIAL FEATURES famous resident ment able and adequate "Nephites"Found in

FOR YOU AT BYU faculty. Visiting artists also teach.

New Mexico Nursery school. Devotionals and Lectures—Church

(Continued from page 243) Medical aspects of orthopedically General Authorities, religious fields experts in many scholars, and children. handicappedconfidence put Tenney, in Brother he assemin BYU outstanding children. speak exceptional on Workshophis (a granddaughter very handsome

blies. clinic. hearing Speech and charge, in as his heyoung woman)

Thrilling, cerebral summerlong—for in Culture speech a Workshop for a season, going andwas away

palsied. artists finest concerts by of series

her, to court wished Mexicanyoung and teaching food Paganini on dance. Workshop in music, drama,

and the old gentleman did not wish nutrition. Quartet will be featured again this

him to marry her. And as the peoSummer workshop of Utah Council year with other artists.

ple in that village had full confidence of Teachers of English.

of outFull program—Recreation Junior Engiof institute Summer arrival kindlyin him, our on we were the athletics, and dances, ings, Scientists. neers and

all entertainedreceived by and we at near Mountains scenic Wasatch workshop. education Health

called upon. trips. Timpanobrief The for hand workshop. education Economics

I Isletas as look the the most upon is experience in the July Hike gos materials workshop. Teaching

industrious and hard laboring people Theater workshop. of a lifetime.

of any I ever 'met (the Latterday Debate and forensics workshop. Advancement Opportunities—Many

Saints not excepted). This Nephite Radio and TV workshop. students now finish college in less

village has a field of corn ten miles Creative dramatics workshop. than four years by taking advanin length and one in width. It lies Children's Theater. tage of Summer School. Teachers

north and south of their village and Thirteenth annual music clinic. will find many special helps for

is irrigated. The corn is quite as good Piano teachers'clinic. certification and outstanding workteaching marriage on Workshop shops and clinics (see accompanyin I ever Utah,as any saw and perin high relationships family and ing list).fectly be a clean; could not weed school.

found in a hundred acres. They Press photography workshop. Leadership Week—During week of

have also twentyone vineyards Reporting and editing workshop. June 2428, hundreds of experts

bordering on their city and 1,000 High school publications workshop in many fields will lecture, Church vines to each vineyard, some of them (June 3-8). leaders will speak, and many ex60 years of age, all kept perfectly ArtSpanishworkshop.workshop. forhibitstheandimprovementfilms will ofbe familypresented,and

clean and loaded with the finest of church life.

fruit, and as heavy a crop as I ever saw in St. George. The vines stand To: Director of SummerCLIP ANDSchoolMAIL

from two to four feet in height and, FIRST TERM: Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah

in the fall of the year, each vine has June 10—July 12 SchoolPleasecatalog.send me free of charge your Summer

a mound of earth formed around it, Name until it is covered out of sight. In SECOND TERM: AddressI am especially interested in

(Continued on following page) July 15—Aug. 16

APRIL 1957 267 refined lady could, and presided over "Nephites"Found in New Mexico her household with all the dignity and (Continued from preceding page) the sweepings of the floors in that grace of a Martha Washington. When

the spring it is uncovered and the part of the town measured 150 yards her daughters were introduced to me, earth leveled. This is an immense at the base and some thirty feet high, after bowing and shaking hands, they

work. They have also many apple, which had probably been 100 years very reservedly and modestly retired

pear, and peach orchards, all ripe, as in collecting, for they did not apacross the room, sat down upon a well as grapes. Isletas is occupied pear to cart it away. I found in the settee and listened in silence to what

only by the Nephites themselves. Isletas and in other villages of the was said. The matron sat down beThere are no Mexicans or white men. Nephites the same kind of crockery side me and conversed with great

The houses generally are made of and stone was painted in all its freedom. While the family could

adobe, cement, or concrete, and plasbrilliant colors that we find in the speak good Spanish, the son, a fine tered. The outside walls are as white remains of their ancient cities or in young man of 20, could speak good

as snow, and the floors are made of ruins of the ancient inhabitants. All English, which was a godsend to me,

mortar or plaster, very smooth and of their water jugs and main crockery and I thoroughly improved it by many of them very neatly carpeted. are of this material, for they still hold preaching the gospel of Christ and

of to blessings the kingdom of God it. art of the painting as making and handsome some saw womenWe received gladly and him, he which visited of a the quite in as number could found Amerbeand girls We

his to to deliver the same promised in village families kindtheir complexions. theica, were and barring dark

There is one practice that exceeds ly entertained. Among others, we father and mother. The matron inthat of any civilized city on the globe visited Mrs. Pascual Avieta, a Nephite vited us into her pear, peach, and

that I ever heard of. No man, woman, lady, I should judge 50 years of age, apple orchard, and grape vineyard

feasted toor child is allowed to sweep a particle a large portly woman, with a large, where fruit was ripe. We

of dirt or dust from the floors into fine home. Her floors were neatly our satisfaction, and repeated by inthe dooryards or streets, under pencarpeted, and settees were covered vitation the same ceremony each day

alty of a fine. It all has to be gathwith Navajo blankets, worth $15 while in Isletas. The feast was on

ered in cloths or baskets and carried each. She was neatly dressed. I the 27th of August. There were

to mounds which are located in difwas introduced to her by Brother hundreds of Mexicans from all the ferent parts of the city. The room we Tenney and to her daughters and surrounding country gathered. The

occupied was in the center of the sons. She received me and treated Mexican women and girls had their

town, and the mound formed from me with all the cordiality that any long trains. Most of the drinking,

RHYTHM NANCY LEE

In Gold, Ebony, Bronze, In Ebony or Toffee

Mink or Charcoal... solid or twotone.

ornamented or plain. ornamented or plain

eyes right for spring..

Pretty as a picture... and as flattering as a dream.

That's the only way to describe the gay, spring eyewear at Standard Optical. No matter what your

likes are like... how dressy your dress...

how sporty your sports... there are exciting new styles

and sparkling new colors to please your fancy and highlight your eyes.

For the smartest in smart eyewear and eyecare come in now.... No appointment is necessary.

Pay Nothing Down SUGAR... Only $1 A Week!.In. Mocha,. solid Slateor twotoneor Black

... ornamented or plain.

273 Sooth Main - Salt Lake City

Ogden, Provo, Logan, Price, Idaho Falls Theseselectionareof justsports,threebusinessof theandlargesthighfashion eyewear in the West.

268 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA gambling, and fighting, which lasted all night, was done by the Mexicans, representabookstore carries a our in their homes were the Isletaswhile Someone tiveYo Bibles, line pubof fine Oxford hour. early locked doors at anwith

leading Governor andThe men of you know lishedthree—foraeveryScofieldneed.BibleHerein wetwosuggestsizes, Negra, whereMosita we preached,

with us andwere did not take part would like an aa NewJasperLongConcordancePrimer FamilyBible.Bible, andin carousal. the Mexican

1 58x Scofield Reference Bible. French

Thus, dear brethren, I have given Morocco, limp, leather lined, round you an outline, merely, of the field corners, gold edges, ornamental gold of labor which I consider the God of roll. Concordance, Dictionary of

Israel has opened up to us and which Scripture Proper Names, Oxford India

I consider the revelations of God repaper. Family Record. 4% x 7% 6 x

quire us to perform. I think there % ". Black or Red. $ 1 5.50

is element sufficient for forty good, 178x Same as above, large size:

faithful elders. There is need for a this Easter 5V2 x 8Vs x %". $18.00

goodly number of elders who can 04693x New Long Primer Family speak the Spanish language or who Bible. Persian, levant grain, half cirwill be able to learn it. I have alcuit, round corners, red under gold

ready sent Brother Taylor a small edges. Center column references, illuslist of names, including the Indian trated Cyclopedic Concordance, maps.

missionaries that are already in this Modified selfpronouncing. Oxford Incountry, as far as I can remember dia paper. Family Record. 5 1S/16 x

them, and if there are any in St. 8% x 1". $17.00

George or Southern Utah, northern,,02289k Jasper Concordance Bible.

who can speak the Spanish, or who Natural grain Morocco, half circuit, will learn it, I would like Brother leather lined, round corners, red unTaylor to consider them at the Octoderences,goldmaps,edges. SubjectCenter columnand Properreferber conference. At your booksellers Names Index. 5 x IVs x 1S/16 ". $14.00

I am happy to be able to state OXFORD UNIVERSITY Blue, Green, Purple or Red, gold that most of the settlements I have PRESS, Inc. edges. $14.00

visited of the Saints have been blessed 114 Fifth Ave., New York 1

with fair crops of grain, notwithstanding the dry season. They were just

finishing threshing as I left Snow-..flake. They will have over 3,000 Howard Pearson

bushels of grain, mostly wheat, and over they will confident haveI am * * * Foremost in the field at Sunset. bushels of wheat4,000

Your brother in the gospel, of entertainment

Wilford Woodruff Daily television highlights..

motion picture reviews... news

about musical recordings... highlights Arthur Elijah Morgan and productions

in the world of entertainment.

(Continued from page 252) The Deseret News brings spent, he recalls barely gasping, "This you complete amusement and is the night; I want baptism now, entertainment coverage. Follow

fetch your lantern."When the eldit in your family newspaper,

ers had dressed Elijah felt sufficiently the Deseret News.

rested to go to the creek where, as the first rays of dawn appeared on

July 18, 1896, he was baptized. Elijah

was the only Latterday Saint to be W)immmt Mawsfound for miles around. altlu:3jd0nun

Elijah's nickname; it "Ot"was now THE MOUNTAIN WEST E W S "Ot, Thisbecame the Mormon."

appellation Elijah accepted with a great deal of pride and further distinguished it when, despite the barbs hurled at him, he often plucked his (Continued on following page) APRIL 1957 269 Arthur Elijah Morgan tone in the (Continued from preceding page) Elijah, straight and stalwart, always bombastic friends out of the gutter the leader.

finest on a Saturday night. Their "payday"One Sunday morning Elijah was a

little late, to save some and decided tradition gone,put foodit wasin the"Ot,mouthsthe Mormon"of their hunwho across taking the shortcut time by gry children. In moments of soberthe "crick"which was frozen over.

ness, even the derelict, ignorant of the Unfortunately, the ice broke and he

Biblical terminology of Peter, realized was plunged into the water up to that "Ot, the Mormon"was indeed his armpits. Never one to turn back,

a "peculiar"person, doer of good a very wet and cold Elijah made it works. to Sunday School on time. He reElijah has the reputation of never ports this experience didn't even rehaving turned a stranger from his sult in a sniffle!

door. One incident over which he In those days, Elijah says, the mischuckles occurred after he had given sionaries were often without means

a night's lodging to a bibulous hobo.

of support. Sometimes they went two

Elijah saw the ungrateful character

Worshipful, inspiring tone in or three days without eating as they the tradition of the world's snatch a book from the shelf by the tramped through the sparsely -settled great organs for every redoor as he was leaving, but let him country. If they were not received

quirement... in every price "get away with it"because he had at a farmhouse, they would have to

of wishes Mormon! Book He studio a another Visit for range. our tired travel on, hungry. and When

culprit's of the tonal the demonstration observed could he have offriendly family a they found who... "the that Allen organ in jungle settled the as reaction he

rehospitality, usually fered they like organ."sounds an trestle to read. Of the under B & O days, or three preaching two mained

course Elijah hopes he did read. and instructing. They helped the SUMMERHAYS One day, Elijah recalls, he was farmer with his planting or haying

digging a ditch when two men apand helped the farm wife split wood, MUSIC CO.

21 East 1st South proached on foot and asked if he carry water, and do chores in general.

A. E. where could be Morgan Salt Lake City, Utah knew

Elijah, a frugality found. of Louisa loved the missionaries and with

words characteristic of the mountain was kind and generous, but unlike husband she nevand her mother, folk, his shovel, leaned on looked her GRIND YOUR OWN er accepted baptism, she nor would pointed over, and to a nearby them so. allow the children to do The that house "Go to and wash FLOUR CEREAL cabin. & fact that she forbade children the directly."up. Dinner'll ready be The very with this sturdy

startled strangers managed to say, to read their father's books seemed to "But you don't know who wc are, stimulate that desire. As soon as

they were they read, "on their own"can you "I know WHEAT MILL how who you—?"listened to of they the counsel and Elijah, are,"interrupted "you're Moris ONLY mon elders, and I'm A. E. Morgan."their father. That he built well

At the time this incident took place, indicated by the vast knowledge his gospel of the daughter have and not seen a missionary in sons Elijah had $650 despite fact that the scant they had years! seventeen

POSTPAID opportunity to attend church and of the courage faith and Because ANYWHERE It belief. of like others with mingle

IN of the a mission organized one man, of a source great joy been must have AMERICA

Sunday School with Elijah as superto Elijah, when he was appointed intendent. This was a fruitful vensuperintendent of the first LDS Sunture, to a knowledge and came many parts, to his in these have day School

Mill corn and cracks or grinds wheat, thereof, as all of a result the truth first as second sons function and his two IV2 grains. Grinds or softWkinds of hard

pounds of flour or cereal per minute. motherin-law being his first convert. counselors.

... Fully guaranteed by Pehrson's. "Those were the good old days,"

SPECIAL PRICES TO L.D.S. GROUPS Elijah sighs, "when folk hereabouts Louisa died in 1924 and the folElijah Mrs. year married lowing the they Sabbath."That one Please send Wheat Mill. Inclosed is honored me ten a Tillie Ingold, widow. She died order.) or (check $6.50 money is attending subchurch did so by

Name stantiated by two pictures, the only years later and Elijah subsequently

Address pictures to adorn the walls of his married Mrs. Agnes Dunlap, a widow

City home, showing Sunday School groups: with seven children. Both of these

State Boys in knee pants, girls with pigwomen accepted the gospel of Jesus tails, mothers in their Sunday best Christ. Agnes died on September 30,

Elijah, since that time 1953, by and sleeves, leg-o'mutton with and fathers HARDWARE PEHRSON lived alone preference, has boots. own In the his with derbies and stout

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 2102 SOUTH 11th EAST background stands the mustachioed in his hillside cabin.

270 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The years took their toll. Many

members of the "first"Sunday School died; many moved away; some were

weak in the faith and not able to hold fast ynder adversity; the two LARGEST AND

counselorsons found it necessary to FASTEST LINERS TO seek work elsewhere to cope with the depression. The building which had

sold; thehoused Sunday School was AUSTRALIAIP jttMHi the missionaries were and came;warrecalled. These events marked the N

collapse of the heroic effort begun by one man with vision and courage.

After a period of some ten years of NJOY SUNLINER PACIFIC VOYAGES inactivity, the East Central States in one of Orient Line's Big-0 express ships. Three wonderful weeks of

Mission, then under the direction of sunshine and tangy sea air, with your holiday made perfect by fine food the late President Cornelius Zappey,—interesting companions—flawless British service! Sports decks and

the "Beloved Dutchman,"again airconditioned public rooms add to your pleasure. Three classes. Touropened the district and a Sunday ist class from $263 to Auckland, $291 to Sydney (Round trip, 10% reSchool was organized in November duction). Your local travel agent is the man to see.

1954. FOR GLOBECIRCLING

Although Elijah has been able to Take Orient Line Suez services in attend only once, he is enthusiastic Australia to Europe—return across

about the progress being made. No the Atlantic in any great Cunarder.

longer able to contribute time and ORSOVA ORONSAY ORCADES ORION talent, he has offered of his substance. 29,000 tons 28,000 tons 28,000 tons 24,000 tons

He wishes to donate a plot of ground for the erecting of a chapel. Quoting

it pass to 2:17,Acts shall come "And "

I will Orient"There's no better way to crossLinethe Pacific! saith last days, God,in the

General Passenger Agents in U. S. and Canadapour out my spirit upon all flesh... CUNARD LINE

and your young men shall see visions, and your old men shall dream dreams,"he adds, "A chapel in New

This now*..extra earnings dream."Martinsville is my

project is currently under advisement. Irem your savings

When asked if he still has a testi- * Highest paid in Utah on of of gospel the Jesusmony Christ, insured savings.

D<.July31.) 1956to sitting erect hisElijah, in highbacked

rocker, struck his fist to his knee and spoke with authority, "I have. I wish Every account insured

I were able to go out and proclaim $10,000.

it. I would like to go to Moundsville

to the State Penitentiary and talk to This the men there; I will always believe m> Handy

there is hope for mankind. But they

tell me I'm too old."DOCUMENT

Asked how he felt about Joseph BOX

Smith, whom his first wife would Yours not accept as a prophet, Elijah quoted FREE

Amos 3:7 verbatim, "'Surely the If You

Lord God will do nothing, but he Act NOW!

revealeth his secret unto his servants the prophets!'Joseph Smith? Of

course he was a prophet!"STATE SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN.

Today, despite his physical frailty, 56SaltSouthLake MainCity, Utah he stands a bulwark of integrity, rePlease start my account in the amount spected and loved by a community with no penchant for coddling. Truly, of $

Arthur Elijah Morgan, no longer Name -—-

nicknamed "Ot, the Mormon,"has Street or RFD earned by precept and example the City Zone State respect of all who know him. AND LOAN ASSOCIATION

APRIL 1957 271 Melchizedek Priesthood

"the kingdom of God"into the man is when things really begin to happen. This can best be done by the A RELIGION OF ACTION appropriate activity.

Some people ask God to direct their footsteps, and then they fail to move their feet. What good does it do to ask

God to direct our efforts if we then will once Wilford Lord's the Lord's doing Grenfell the and made is off engines? our turn much HowSir for It religion of an acappeal "a too that work. be spend may we the sustain accomplished we when

is tion, diction."of not a large a part This discussing time our comour with President of the upChurch

is little great need. a religion in tendency too There actual time andmon

if fail lifted to sustain hands, him weamong us to become what someone performance. It is our responsibility with our industry and our courage?

called Christians."lives "Bible actually in people'shas to develop That

of periods records History many religion the is mostly in the attitudes the that is where and activities the will "apostasy faith,"from But we

Bible and not enough in us. What get them into the celestial kingdom. should not overlook those tendencies

we need is to "translate"our creed Sermons should be concerned not to personal, individual apostasies of into deed, our information into knowonly with subjects to be explained, works, or apostasies of effort. When

how, our faith into works. We need but also with a way of life to be we have a period of inactivity, the

to know how to get the religion out lived. It is so easy to preach about spirit of accomplishment tends to beof the Bible and into us. moral courage without making anycome limp and apathetic. Then, like

For one who applies himself, it is one morally courageous. It is easy a weak heart, its beat gets so faint

not difficult to "understand"the printo deliver a discourse on faith, withthat. its pulse cannot be counted.

ciples of the gospel. But our big out creating faith in people's lives. Think of the activity the Lord has

problem is that of "translation"and We may teach that man has the provided for us. Every boy has the

"application."Our works should power to decide his own eternal desopportunity to hold the priesthood

catch up to our words. We need the tiny, without getting anyone then and and function therein at age twelve.

ability to live the gospel as well as there to make that momentous deciBeginning with the deacons, each we understand it. We need to desion. quorum has its own officers and convelop the power to get our Church Socrates, the ancient Grecian phiducts its own activities on a scale of

work done on our own initiative withlosopher, is remembered, not because its own choice. The Lord has given

out the necessity of being told or he claimed to be a great teacher but to each group a certain part of the urged by someone else. because he tried to get people to do work of the Church. A deacon has

A colored farmer was hiring a those things which they already knew. his own responsibilities. When he is

worker. His one question was, "How The discord between deed and creed ordained a teacher, his field of servmany tellings do you take?"When is responsible for innumerable wrongs ice is enlarged. He is then entitled

we require too many tellings, our in our civilization. It gives both into be a ward teacher, "to watch over

salvation is placed in jeopardy. We stitutions and men split personalities. the Church,""to strengthen the

need to develop that spiritual initiaIt is estimated that there are 999 members,""to see that there is no tive where we can do "many things men who "believe"in honesty for iniquity in the Church."(See D & C

of our own free will."In fact, a every honest man. Therefore, instead 20:5354.) When he becomes a

genius has been described as one who of merely teaching honesty, Socrates priest, his duties are again increased.

can get the job done without being tried to get men to be honest. How He may now baptize for the remistold more than three times. can one believe in honesty who is not sion of sins in the name of the Lord.

The work of the Lord does not conhonest? Or how can anyone believe He may administer the Sacrament

sist merely of giving out information; in religion if he fails to manifest it and accept a larger field for preachit is rather to arouse desire and proin his life? Only those who are valing the gospel. As he grows in faith,

duce activity. The purpose of the iant will inherit the celestial kingdom. other opportunities are given to him.

gospel is not merely to discuss reThat means "a religion of action."Every worthy man and boy above

pentance, but to bring about a reforThe practical aspects of this situaage twelve may bear the priesthood mation of life; not merely to teach tion have been pointed out by one and share in the divine ministry of

the meaning of faith, but to produce who said that it may not be imporactivity. Think of our advantage as

faith in the lives of people. Those tant whether or not a man has been compared with some other groups

bearing the priesthood are not exthrough college, provided college has where one or two people have most of pected merely to understand the availbeen through the man. Similarly, the activity!

able power of God, but t manifest to get a man into the "kingdom of We need to s.tir up our enthusiasm

that power in their lives by effectively God"has many benefits, but to get and make sure that we are "doers of 272 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA the word"in its fullest sense. We of power and beauty that God has should needlessly tolerate this destrucneed to do more than "believe"in implanted in our lives. This can be tive, devastating inactivity which

that light "that lighteth every man done only by proper activity. leads us even to doubt ourselves.

that cometh into the world."We Jesus said, "If ye know these things, To disbelieve in God is tragic, but

need to make that light bright by use happy are ye if ye do them."(John to have this destructive disbelief in

and thereby make our lives luminous. - 13:17.) Inactivity is wrong, for "to ourselves may be even worse. The

We should have a religion of action, him that knoweth to do good, and moving cause of all action is faith, but we should also be men of action. doeth it not, to him it is sin."(James not only faith in God but also faith

Alexander the Great said, "What 4:17.) This great sin of "disuse"may in ourselves, neither of which is posAristotle is in the world of thought, cause many to lose their exaltation. sible in the absence of works, and

I will be in the world of action,"and Few will lose their blessings because both of which must be earned in adthat formula made him the conqueror they cannot know. Many will lose vance. We get belief by action and

of the world by the time he was their blessings because they will not disbelief by inaction. When selftwenty-six years of age, and it will do. doubt and selfdistrust get lodged in

make us anything we wish to be, inEven testimony and faith come our minds, they discolor every cluding conquerors of our own weakfrom works; for Jesus said, "If ye shall thought and every activity with a

nesses and winners of the celestial do my will, ye shall know of the docfeeling of inadequacy and hopelesskingdom. trine."(See John 7:17.) And if we ness. We sometimes use our minds

A violinist of great distinction once don't give the gospel message to as dumping grounds for doubts, fears, acquired a valuable Stradivarius, but others, we risk losing it ourselves, for worries, sins, and complexes, causing this violin had been in the private great faith, like great fortune, never destructive mental attitudes and failcollection of a wealthy family and lingers in hands with idle fingers. ure. Many of these and others of the

for many years had lain unused on a Spiritual powers are like the muscles greatest sins begin as sins of inaction.

velvet pad. The violinist said, "The of the arm; either we use them or lose Everyone, in a sense, must be his

violin is asleep, and I must play it them. When works dwindle, faith own priest. Everyone must purify his

until I wake it up and bring it to its dries up; accomplishment withers; own life. Every man must do his

proper form. It will have to learn and blessings are lost. People soon own growing. Everyone must create

its own power and beauty all over begin to suffer from feelings of frushis 'own desire to serve. Everyone

again."tration and inferiority when they must be responsible for saving his

Disuse is harmful to a violin; it is bury their talents. Such feelings rob own soul. Everyone must be responalso harmful to a child of God. We us of our strength. They sap our sible for making the most of every opshould awaken ourselves by use, so energy and diminish our spiritual portunity. The grand recipe for

that we can get full possession of and values. success is to make our religion "a

full benefit from that great potential How pathetic it is that anyone religion of action, not diction."

Liz and the Picnic

(Concluded from page 246) "Darbo is lucky you came along,"difference?"He touched the top of

he said. "Are you with the picnic?"her head lightly with an index finger,the back of her hand, "You're free,

his out held feeling hand to help her I had the you'd "Somehow He let at thatbig boy! me look Now

up. Kimberly.""I'm Brad a fellow's measure worth two by thefoot."fingers the Deftly searched her

A picture of him skimming across feet he has on the ground not thepaw and slender leg. "Pretty sore?

But there's nothing broken."the lake in his clipper flashed before ones above it. But if it helps any,

her, and suddenly her tongue was my dad was a REAL runt before he "Hey, get away from that dog. He clinging to the roof of her mouth. At was eighteen. I come from a long

doesn't like strangers. Darbo, come least he didn't remember her and the line of runts before eighteen!"

of the gethere. out did you How this morning. archery match grinned, a grin She sudden warm squeezed Kimberlykennel?"Brad at stared the Stand up? hand. She

all toes. that the her from came wayin the dog. Liz and between "How out. cried heart her But No! friendship the she'd was been he Here close so to getdid him?"you her. went, she helped Up—up—UP for, searching a friendship with symthis foot under "His caught was face him. inches a full over Her two

it pathy understanding, and and his tone,log,"irked she "and by was filled her. to burned; run urgency an never height be measured by would before."I've dogs been around again. asked he "Your name?"

feelof or the breadth but depth by "I turned have,"and guess he you did difference her name What ing.

looked at her. "I've never seen Darmake? All he really wanted now

bo make friends before."would be to get away as fast as pos- "My name is Elizabeth Kay Ben-

"My dad says I have a way with sible before someone saw them tonett, but my friends call me Liz,"she dogs. We have three."The irked gether. This bronze boy with the said softly and glowed inwardly.

feeling began to disappear as an apbroad shoulders would have the same Mom had been right! Boys were hupreciative smile spread across his kind of pride as she! man beings if you'd give them half a

face. "Darbo is lucky his leg isn't He cocked his head to one side chance!

broken."and grinned amiably, "It makes a (The end)

APRIL 1957 273 m Presiding

Commemoration Program

for Restoration of Aaronic Priesthood

Saturday and Sunday, May 18 and 19, 1957, have been designated by the Presiding Bishopric, with the approval of the First Presidency, as the dates for the Churchwide annual commemoration of the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood.

On May 15, 1829, the resurrected

John the Baptist appeared to Joseph

Smith and Oliver Cowdery as they kneeled in prayer on the banks of the

Susquehanna River near Harmony,

Pennsylvania.

It was a great day and a glorious event. For centuries the world had

languished in spiritual darkness. The

kingdom of God was not upon the earth. The priesthood with its power

to perform the ordinances of the gospel of Jesus Christ had been lost to the world for hundreds of years. The

two young men, while translating the

Book of Mormon, desired clarification on certain passages and so retired to a beautiful, secluded spot on the river bank for meditation and to inquire of the Lord.

The heavenly visitor appeared to them. He laid his hands upon their

heads and thus restored the Aaronic

Priesthood to the earth.

This great event in the history of Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin with his counselors Bishop Thorpe B.

the world should be commemorated Isaacsonputs finishingand BishoptouchesCarlon W.memorialBuehnermonumentwatch whilepriorSculptorto havingAvard itFairbankscast in

with sincerity and dignity by all membronze.

of the restoration depicting Priesthood the Aaronic was monument Thebers of the Church and more particupossible bearers contributions Priesthood throughout by the of Aaronic made larly those who are bearers of the the Church. When completed it will stand on Temple Square. The unveilAaronic Priesthood. ing and dedication program will be announced by the Presiding Bishopric at

On Saturday, May 18, we suggest a later time.

an outdoor activity program for all

Aaronic Priesthood bearers and their gest that travel in caravan style be counsel together and plan for the inleaders. We suggest, too, that aldiscouraged because of the added hazterests of all.

though the program may be recreaards it brings to highway travel. Where it is desired, however, septional in nature, a few minutes be set Where it is impractical to hold this arate outings for senior members and

aside for inspiration and reflection. outing on a stake basis, we encourage Aaronic Priesthood under 21 may be

A short talk on the restoration or wards to arrange such a program for planned.

significance of the priesthood would their own people.

be well in order. The activities and It is our recommendation that the Sacrament Meeting Program

program should be under close superouting be held for both senior memMay 19, 1957 vision. bers and Aaronic Priesthood under 21

Where a pilgrimage to some point on a cooperative basis. Where this Theme—My Obligations and Blessof interest is decided upon, we sugis done, both stake committees should ings as an Aaronic Priesthood Bearer.

274 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Bishoprics Page

The ward Sacrament meeting program should be devoted to the commemoration of the restoration of the Study Guide for Ward Teachers

Aaronic Priesthood in our dispensation. Where stake quarterly conferApril 1957

ences are scheduled for May 19, this commemoration program should be Your House in Order held on the preceding or succeeding for holds future any uncertainty. in a world of What the

are long foresee. itself is uncertain. Life we Sunday. We ofareus lwingwe cannot How

We urge that, where practical, a retain it no one knows. The part of wisdom indicates that we should beto

chorus of either senior or Aaronic prepared at all times as far as we can be for any condition which may conPriesthood members under 21 be orfront us. Our houses should be in order.

ganized and prepared to furnish the Three considerations seem pertinent in this connection:

special musical numbers of the pro- 1. of the spiritually? your in order members and Is your house Do you gram. The musical numbers listed prayer? family have observe the spiritual laws family of the Church? you Do

are mere suggestions. They may be Is the blessing on the food asked regularly? Do the members of your family

substituted or adapted to smaller attend Sacrament meeting? Do those who hold the priesthood attend quogroups if desired. rum meetings regularly and discharge their duties? In these and other ways

Interest in the program will be inare you growing and developing spiritually and following the commandcreased if Aaronic Priesthood memments of the Lord?

bers are used wherever possible. 2. Is your house in order physically? Is your home wellkept? Is it

Where substitutions in songs are attractive to the members of your family? Is it as comfortable and convenient

made, care should be given to choose as your means will reasonably permit? Is it really a home as well as a

music appropriate to the occasion. house? Is it so arranged and maintained that the health of your family is

All assignments should be made to protected? Do the members of your family observe the laws of health and

of illness Is the accident? or avoidable preserve their bodies from Word allow time for training and adequate

as his a divine as the of the Lord to respected people and word Wisdom preparation.

law of health?

The following procedure we sug- 3. Is your house inorder financially? Are you living within your means?

gest be followed as closely as possible: Are you putting yourself in line for the blessings the Lord has promised by

the payment of tithing? Are you carefully considering the advice of the 1. Opening song—congregation General Authorities before going into debt for things not actually necessary?

"Praise to the Man"If you are now in debt are you making every possible effort to free yourself of it? Are you sharing with your neighbor, if and when you are able? 2. Invocation—A senior member

3. Sacrament song Note: It is not intended that these questions should be asked of the

families visited with the idea that they should be answered to the teachers.

4. Administration of the Sacrament Neither is it intended that the teachers should pry into the private affairs

by members of the Aaronic of those visited. The purpose suggested is to call attention to the questions,

Priesthood by reading them if desired, and then leave the suggestion that each family 5. Aaronicquartet—"SeePriesthoodthe MightychorusAngelor giveis to seriousstart eachconsiderationfamily thinkingto themseriouslyin their ofowntheway.question,The principal"Is my housepurposein

Flying"order?"

6. Talk by a deacon—"Two Young INTRODUCTION OF STUDY GUIDE FOR MAY 1957

Men Receive the Aaronic Priesthood Keys from a Heavenly The Privilege oF Paying Tithing

Messenger"It is a privilege to pay tithing. Those who pay tithing participate in the buildof of the the erection temples other the development Church, of Zion, and 7. Talk by an ordained teacher ing

of to the the ends gospel message buildings, the earth. and in carrying Church

"Being Morally Clean is a ReWhen tithing is paid, all who are involved in the transaction are blessed. Tithing

sponsibility of All Who Hold the is God's law of revenue for the Church.

Aaronic Priesthood"8. Talk by a priest—"Aaronic 11. Talk—General secretary of the pares Men for the ResponsiPriesthood Bearers Should Live senior members of the Aaronic bilities of the Melchizedek

the Laws of Health"Priesthood—"Those Who Bear Priesthood"

9. Talk by a senior member the Aaronic Priesthood should 13. Talk—by the bishop—"The

"Priesthood Places upon Each Study the Doctrine and CoveOath and Covenant of the

One Who Bears It an Obligation nants"Priesthood"(D & C 84:3241.) to Serve His Fellow Men"12. secretary of the 14. Closing song—"Shall the Youth Talk—general 10. Chorus or quartet—"School Thy Aaronic Priesthood under 21 of Zion Falter?"

under 21 Feelings""The Aaronic Priesthood Pre15. Benediction—priest

APRIL 1957 275 ance and fine flavor are especially appreciated for poaching, frying, and cooking in the shell.

Grades B and C are also good eggs and have dozens of uses in which appearance and delicate flavor are not so important. In these two qualities

the white is thinner, so that the eggs

Eileen Gibbons spread over a wide area when broken.

Editor The yolk is almost flat and may break easily.

These lower grade eggs are very satisfactory for scrambling, for use in Be Showin? Wise baking, in thickening sauces and salad

dressings, and in combination with other foods, such as cream sauce, tomatoes, cheese, or onions. When You Buy Egg.s rpo make your egg dollar go farther,

by Norma Burnbam cording-*- chooseto theeggsuseof youvariousintendgradesto makeacof them. There is usually a price

of cents closely. difference several a dozen beof their one size, grades tween theWhenout theher wiseweeklyhomemakershoppingmakeslist, followSome commercialthe federalfirmsstandardsgrade on

eggs are always near the top. own standards and identify different If you buy ungraded eggs from bulk

A good buy at almost any price, this qualities with brand names, rather displays or in cartons carrying such versatile food is a bargain when you than using letters to show the grades, terms as "select,""best,"or "fresh, consider how little you pay for so Grades AA and A are top quality, you must depend entirely on the much food value. with a large proportion of thick white dealer for assurance of quality. The

Because they contain the same which stands up well around a firm eggs may or may not be the top highquality, complete protein found high yolk. These eggs are good for quality that these names imply.

in lean meats, eggs may be used as all uses, but the upstanding appearThe size of eggs also influences the a meat substitute. Two large -size

eggs furnish about the same amount of protein as an average serving of meat. Iron, phosphorous, and calcium, minerals valuable for building

and maintaining strong healthy bodies, are also present in important

Egg covers small area; much thick whrte surrounds

wellamounts. Vitamins D, as and A yolk; has small amount of thin white; yolk round AA

and upstanding. are essenother vitamins,as three B

tial nutrients contained in eggs.

Plan a variety of ways for your to baking,family enjoy main \\M\i\\:/::\-:-> eggs—in >*

-- desserts. salads,dishes, and The egg --—

is equally at home in all these uses.

In some markets there is a wide se- A Egg covers moderate area; has considerable thick

lection of grade, size, and even shell xi. white; medium amount of thin white; yolk round

color. Since the egg comes in its own and upstanding.

natural package and cannot be examined before purchase, you must rely on other quality guides. The

tips that follow will help you get a good buy every time you shop for eggs. Egg covers wide area; has small amount of thick The grade is your best guide to B white; much thin white; yolk somewhat flattened

quality. Many states use the four and enlarged.

consumer grades for eggs—US Grade

AA, US Grade A, US Grade B, and

US Grade C. Each grade refers to

a specific quality, defined by government standards.

their set large area; white; has have up no thick Some states

flat spread; thinly yolk very own CEggamountcoversof verythin widewhite in systems, general theygrading and

and enlarged.

*Miss Burnham is an agent for Consumer Marketing Information, Utah State Agricultural College Extension Service.

276 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JLt last/ JL different,newtuna dish, forLent

Poached eggs and chicken livers.

AA and A grade eggs are ideal for poaching.

price but does not have any relation to the quality. Sometimes large eggs

are your best buy—sometimes small

or medium ones. Late summer and

early fall, when the hens first begin to lay, usually bring large supplies of small sizes. Later on, medium size

eggs become plentiful. By December

or January and through the spring, large eggs hold the spotlight.

One way to determine which size is a better buy at any particular time is to figure how much you are paying by weight, since the size of eggs is HigL Hot TUNA SOUFFLE a of ouncesdetermined by number free from place, in warm Let rise Cover. Makes 4 servings 40 about bulk, in for thedozen. weights doubled Minimum until draft, milk V2 cup Scald minutes. sizes are:most common sugar tablespoons 2 Stir in casserole, salt 1 -quart In teaspoon 1 ot cream can 1 combine 14 cup shortening Weight soupSize Minimum celery

to lukewarm. Cool drained tuna, Ounces large 27Extra can 7-ounce warm (not 1 Va cup into bowl... Measure

water hot) onion grated Ounces 24 teaspoon 1Large

Medium 21 Ounces (Cool to lukewarm for compressed yeast.) 1 tablespoon chopped pimiento

package 1 in dry crumble 2 egg whites not or but until stiffSmall 18 Ounces Sprinkle Beat Yeast, Fleischmann's cake or in fold and down compressed. Stir batter or dry active

whites. egg beaten dissolved. until of Stir "rule thumb"easy followingHThe

mixture milk tuna. creamed lukewarm Add on top of batter Spoon beaten in applied comslightly be usually -*- can yolks, to egg 2 oven) 40 (hot degrees Add 400 at Bake Hour enriched sifted 1 cup size eggs: different pricesparing on 45 minutes. 1 minute. about smooth, until Beat better a order in eggs, to beMedium

buy than large ones, must be at least nine cents a dozen less. Similarly,

the price of small eggs must be at Creamy tuna and fluffy toppingleast nine cents a dozen less than with flavor only Yeast can give medium ones to make the small ones the better buy. The table following "I take my hat off to this Lenten souffle,"says Mrs.

shows the exact price for a dozen Kenneth Gardner, prizewinning cook of Clearfield,

Souffle look, yet HighHat "It has a 'company'at which small, medium, and large Utah.

filling, easy. Main Dish—hearty, is a practical

eggs would be equally good buys, and is a more accurate guide. Remember, "Whydeliciousdon'tdishyouforserveLentenHighHatmeals orTunaany Souffle?spring day.A

when comparing prices by size be sure The secret's Fleischmann's Yeast—use the cake yeast

you are also comparing the same or the handy dry kind that keeps for months. It's

grade. fast and easy—the choice of prizewinning cooks."

In some areas there is a special preference for either brown or white eggs; the ones in least demand are Recipes for other main dishes

of every (pizza, too!) the back on the dry Get (Concluded on following page) Three."for them "Thrifty when Look in the yeast new

"Triple -Fresh"pack you buy Fleischmann's Active Dry Yeast.

Another Fine Product ofStandard Brands Inc.

APRIL 1957 277 Be Shopping Wise When You Buy Eggs

UNIVERSAL (Concluded from preceding page) the dark ring that sometimes appears

TRAVEL SERVICE usuallymean bargainsthe bestfor thevalue.carefulThisshoppercan betweencooked egg.the yolk and white of a hard

PRESENTS... because she knows that flavor, quality, and nutritive value are not Here are some delicious and easy ways

* EUROPE—University of Utah conducted affected by shell color. to use eggs after you have bought

visiting art centers, festivals tour musical and

Dibble. Eggs need care if they are to keep them. The baked eggs are probably conducted Louis Booth George and by

eggs, satisfactory grade top with most days. $1285.00. 73 this their good means quality—and are perfectly acceptgrades lower but

to the all the from the hen way for Air Cruise able pudding. the making lemon * SCANDINAVIA—Spring

is cool espetemperature A offering visit to all the Scandinavian a Counkitchen.

tries and a side trip to the Bern Temple. cially will important because an egg Baked Eggs in Cheese Sauce $700.00.

at lose as in three days much quality * NEW YORK—One week Fine Arts room temperature as it does in two 2 tablespoons butter or margarine

tour conducted by Douglas Snow of the U. of weeks in a refrigerator. Check the 2 tablespoons minced onion

U. faculty. store where you buy eggs and be sure 2 tablespoons flour

salt teaspoon 1/2 that quality is protected a cool by variety great of tours by A "HAWAII—

1 cup milk. disair to temperature. prices and itineraries and ship.. Both the eggs on

suit your needs. play and behindthe-scenes should be 1 cup American cheese, coarsely grated

* SERVICE—For all of your travel needs. kept refrigerated. 6 eggs

Prepaid travel for your re'atives abroad. You can maintain egg quality by

Travel now and pay later plans. keeping eggs cool and covered, with BlendCookinonionflour inandbuttersalt, thenuntil addsoftened.milk

BRING YOUR TRAVEL PROBLEMS TO the small end down to keep the air gradually and stir constantly until sauce space at the top in position and the is thickened and smooth. Add cheese

stir into until melted. sauce Pour

casserole dish. shallow or baking UNIVERSAL yolkrefrigeratorcentered.onlyAndthe removenumberfromof eggsthe andoiled

TRAVEL SERVICE, INC. tountilbe used.you areEggsreadyshouldto notusebethem,washedas Breakcasseroleeggsincarefullya shallowintopancasserole.of waterPlaceand

TEMPLE SQUARE HOTEL in 350 F.) oven moderate bake (about film a protective removes

Salt Lake City, Utah ELgin 5-6552 washing are firm. or until 15 eggs minutes egg for is on the called "bloom"which

when it is laid. This film seals the

pores and keeps out bacteria and Lemon Sponge Pudding* odors. sugar cup Y4 cup 74 'The best quality egg can be ruined if it is not properly cooked. Whether!/8 teaspoon salt VITAMINS flour

you like your eggs soft or hard, 1 tablespoon melted butter or marpoached or fried, alone or combined garine MINERALS with other foods, remember this firm Y4 cup lemon juice

Drink them in teaspoon grated lemon rind /2 at a low them and fast rule—cook 3 eggs, separated too temperature. or heat Too much Tfatunat

delicious juice form—use a long a cooking time makes them 1/2 cups milk

SWEDEN Speed JUICER tough and leathery. Mix together sugar and flour. Add

Whatever your age, there are High temperatures not only toughsalt, melted butter, lemon juice, and natural nutrients for you in en eggs, but may also cause dishes lemon rind. Beat egg yolks well and

the freshmade juices of carleavened with eggs to fall, the crust add milk. Combine with sugar mixture.

apples, rots, celery, cabbage, their natural to be thick and tough, and the inside Beat egg whites until stiff but not dry true etc. Enjoy

goodness, delicious flavor with to be heavy and soggy. At high and fold into milk mixture. Pour into

a Sweden Speed Juicer. Fully temperatures, egg dishes such as oiled custard cups or baking dish. Place

guaranteed. An ideal gift. custards and sauces will curdle or in a shallow pan of hot water. Bake

a moderate oven (350 F.) 40 to 45 water. cooking When minutes.

seconds. in Juice shell, the water should simmer—buteggs in the in operateEasy to

Easy to clean. never come to a boil. This keeps the *Recipe from Utah State Agricultural College Exegg tender and prevents formation of tensionWay EveryService,Day"Bulletinby Elna #19l,Miller, "Servenutritionist.Eggs Some

U.L.. a C.S.A

APPROVED At leading departWhat Size Eggs Shall I Buy?

ment, appliance and healthfood stores, or write for Size Prices Per Dozen folder. free

PAT. NO. CWDIM Large (24 oz.) 66 62 59 56 52 48 45 2297880 Medium (21 oz.) 58 54 51 49 46 42 39 PENDING JUICER OTHERS SPEED

"""SWEDEN FREEZER MFG. CO. Small (18 oz.) 50 46 44 42 39 36 34

DEPT. JI-4 JUICER DIVISION SEATTLE 99, WASH.

278 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA \ook\ now you can..

DIAL YOUR COLOR SCHEME!

Bennett's color harmony selector helps you create perfect color schemes in a minute. Simply start with a color

already in your room—say that of

1322 COLORS yourthat color.draperies.RightThenbeforeturnyourtheeyesdialyouto

To Go with Anything in Your Home! see the harmonizing colors to use for

yourcarpet, furniture, walls. Ask your

-A Monkmeyer Photo Ct&ttoe PAINTS orBennett'sHarmonydealerSelector.to showHeyouhasthe 1322Colin your home! \SjeMM4AJuL YOUTH Colorizer Colors to go with anything

65 W. 1st South—21st So. & 2nd West and Bennett's branches

by Ruth I. J. Devereaux and dealers in the Intermountain area and Southern California

I Youth is life! It is spring in all its

resplendent glory. It is adventure personified—daring, seeking,

probing into mysteries.

Youth is tenderness. From its

heart springs love and affection. It

becomes enraptured with beauty and shuns that which is unsightly.

Youth ascends the summit of enthusiasm. It is fervent in its endeavors and earnest in its desires for

service. y///////////M/////

Yes, youth is a priceless gift—something to guard, to protect, and to

cherish. Within its hand lies the

hope of today and the dream of tohave your children seen Amorrow; the outcome of the present;

the design of the future!

Nurtured with care and understanding, it grows tall and straight tree reaching heavenward;as a young it seeks the the Goldfish forgotten,neglected and

lower level for its sustenance, groping he's part of the fun in darkness and confusion. of family dinner in the

Youth is Godgiven, and Godlikemust it remain! Cherish it above COFFEE SHOP,

all earthly treasures, and its rewards Hotel Utah:

will open the gates of eternal happiness, wherein progression walks hand Max Carpenter, Manage.

in hand with youth.

APRIL 1957 279 FOLDING TABLET Toy R and R Hour ARM CHAIR by James W. Phillips

A CHAIR and a DESK in ONLY 3 INCHES Children's wanton or careless de- a cowboy cap gun, a windup space

This versatile chair has found widespread use in struction of playthings can often car, or an electrically agitated marble training sales conferences, classes, auxiliary be curbed through a toy repair game. And surprising as it may seem, school rooms, examination cafeterias, rooms,

meeting rooms or as extra chairs and writing and rehabilitation hour that not only even the simplest of father's repairs in offices. surfaces chair also can be The used serves to restore the usefulness of enhances a toy's value and appeal folded out of the way. with the arm down And,

thing the this amazing quality about built chair damaged items but also provides particularly when the young owner it folds is that to a thickness of only 3'!

youngsters with instruction in simple serves as helper during the restoramechanics and affords an opportunity tion.

for a practical fatherchild activity. Our family's toy R & R efforts beTwice a month, an hour is set gan when I awoke to the fact that I

aside for toy repair at our home, and was nickel and diming myself into an ocbankruptcy shopping the variety all damaged playthings—plus

realm—arecasional itemspreador twoout fromon theMother'skitchen sacrificedstores in atofutilethe temperseffort toor replacecarelessnesstoys

table for reconditioning. Naturally, of our two preteen sons. When first

some are beyond salvage, but the broached to them, the boys expressed majority can be restored to somelittle interest in either the idea of what near their original purpose and working together or the possibility of appearance by minor mechanical rebeing able again to use broken toys

Model C2317ITA pairs and a touch of imaginative imthat had once enjoyed their favor.

with leatherette seat. provising. However, during the first session they

The only folding chair backed In this age of scientific wonders evidenced great interest in Pop's by a 10 YEAR GUARANTEE! and complicated gadgets, a child's meager mechanical abilities and

Write for complete information toy requiring technical skills beyond showed much surprise and satisfaction the "knowhow"of the average over the most amateurish and temMANUFACTURING repairs. will at times porary CO. household handyman CLARIN Dept. 4640 65, W. Harrison rehabilitainto the For the second session they scoured make its way

III. 44, 'Chicago

tion sessions, but it is surprising how every nook and corner of the house, a few moments of thought and experiyard, and garage and gathered up so mentation simplify the workings of many longforgotten, broken toys

We also sell:

HeywoodWakefield Choir Seating Church Pews Folding Partitions Flannelboards Blackboards Stage Curtains Paper and Janitorial Supplies Mimeograph and Ditto Machines

& SUPPLY CDMPANY f SALT LAKE OGDEN IDAHO FALLS Whether it's toy repair, an emergency carpentry job, or a baseball game, it's good for Dad and son to do things together.

280 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that a portion of them had to be deferred to the third session. Now,

months later, toys are not only set aside to await the repair and rehabilitation sessions, but the boys insist on doing minor repairs themselves.

The most important thing about this period of transition from total disinterest and passive cooperation to eager participation was that the boys developed the desire to give the repaired toys proper care and handling. This preferential treatment of

certain toys—like all good habits

gradually extended to all their playthings. The toy accident rate in our

house has dropped sharply, and as fewer broken playthings make their appearance at the fortnightly R & R sessions, more time is spent on general maintenance and redecorating.

One thing of importance to any repair and rehabilitation kit is plastic cement, which will restore to their original exterior form about sixty percent of the toys that reach the hands of youngsters. Fractured and shattered toys of nonplastic, nonmetal-

lic material can be mended by using any one of several allpurpose glues that bind china, wood, leather, and fabrics. Assorted rubber bands make

ideal clamps to hold parts tightly together during setting and drying time.

Another must for R & R kits is liquid solder. Not only will this insure lasting and easy electrical connections for battery or plugin toys,

but it will aid in repairing the broken necks and limbs of lead soldiers; and

when carefully "dropped"into place, it will secure small bolts where nuts are missing or threads are stripped.

Similarly, plastic wood serves to reline screw holes in wooden toys and is ideal for filling cracks and gouges

surfaces. and rebuilding missing corners or Improve fresh spring vegetables

An assortment of nuts, bolts, washers, wood and metal screws, nails, with Morning Milk cream sauce and brads is needed, as are light

SAUCE CREANV the thread, wire, and heavy newgauge EASY -H salt teaspoon its QUCK % electrical with plastic tape which Milk, undluted butter rAorning tablespoon 1 cup 1 ideal as the wrapping serves elasticity flour tablespoon 1 doll wicker split handles, for broken Let salt. and r, qtii in flour rejobs other binding furniture and th of in saucanj* % butter Melt strength. for pressure constant quiring remaimng bubble Md As paint covers damaged spots and one.

repairs, fine sandpaper, small paint brushes, paint thinner, wiping rags, ens. Makes 1 cup.

and a selection of small jars of enamel job. for a finished necessary are w EVAPORATED refor toy is recommended Enamel no other form of mil*

pair kits as it adheres to plastics as MILK (Concluded on following page) APRIL 1957 281 A bright room Toy R and R Hour means well (Concludedas to woodfromandprecedingmetal,page)but the pairableup. toys that occassionally crop

more artistic repairman may prefer If the toy repair and rehabilitation better to use water or oil paints that enable hour is to succeed, it must be a cooperative fatherchild activity. If the better color matching and finer dework! father whisks toys to his damaged tail work.

workshop where he repairs them in

The number and type of tools necleisurely solitude, or if youngsters are essary for the simple fatheroffspring forbidden to attempt minor repairs mechanical endeavors demanded by and simple painting because of their toy repair and rehabilitation work will messiness or lack of speed and knowlvary, but four basic tools suffice: edge, the R & R sessions will die a

needle nose pliers, pocket knife, small sudden death from that old malady screw driver, and scissors. Other im- "grownup-itis."However, if the ses-

—particularlyplements that comefor workin handyon atsmallertimes sionsin whichare handledeven Momas isjointoccasionallyventures

toys—are a nut pick, needles, fingerasked to assist—not take over—Toy

nail file, hand drill, and coping saw, R & R Hours can aid in the developFor office or while a fine auxiliary supply of matement of careful habits, provide pracrial is found in toothpicks, pins, pipe tice in basic mechanical skills, and school, choose cleaners, and wheels, springs, and provide father and child common the colorful chair... other parts salvaged from the unrepride in accomplishment.

Samsonite lo Be a King

(Continued from page 235) As a result of these meditations his deal with unscrupulous people and visit to her home, made on the day must take steps to learn of their plans. after Herod's banquet, was followed

I shall make an immediate effort to in rapid succession by many others.

get a man whom I can trust into As he was preparing to say goodZebulon's home as a servant. Lebanbye after one of these visits, Ruth's

ah can keep us informed as to what dearest friend, Martha, came dancing goes on in the palace, and my friend, merrily into the garden. She stopped

if my plan succeeds will render the short in some embarrassment upon same service concerning Zebulon's seeing that she was interrupting a movements."farewell, and was about to withdraw

David expostulated. "I abhor such when Ruth called her and presented

methods."the young man to her.

"Not more than I do,"said Elihu.

Martha was bubbling over with "But this is a case when the welfare of an entire people is to be mainmirth. "Now see what your lack of

frankness has done,"she said artlesstained."

ly to "If Ruth. told you had me David cultivated had always Nothing can brighten a room—and sent the the when you reason that word habit action. of prompt and decisive boost morale and efficiency—like you could not make the promised colorful Samsonite chairs! They're As he thoughtfully analyzed Ruth's

certainly the smartest—with 10 beaucharacter there appeared a blending visit this afternoon, I should not have

a tiful decorator colors for you to of beauty and goodness, a contagious thrust myself into such a—such

choose from—but they're also the and sprightly joyousness; but this well, to speak plainly, such a delightful strongest! scene."these Check quality feaspirit of exhuberance tempered was

tures: Safetyguard seat hinges are childish, very "You Martha."exactly right serithe of by amount

Replaceable feet rubber Chip blushing furiously, was Ruth and ousness to her engaging make an and resistant baked finish enamel could rising feel the color in delightful in his David Indeed, companion. to resist Bonderized rust Comfortcurved design Write us today! eyes she was lacking in no desirable his own cheeks.

quality. "Of course I'm childish, and like

Samsonite allsteel he "Whatoften exclaimeda queen sheto himself.would make!""How haveall childrennot seenI suchdo loveperfectcolor,tintsandin aI

folding chairs in dignified and yet how gracious! Her long time."And her saucy eyes wan10 decorator colors frombearingthealoneproudwouldand demandwin it fromhomagethe other.dered from one crimson face to the

Shwayder Bros.. Inc., Institutional Seating meek. Ruth, Queen of Judea!"The "Martha is an incessant chatterer,"

Division, Detroit Michigan. 29, Dept. IE-4, idea pleased him, and he thought of Ruth apologized. "She simply canIn Canada,Through of Samsonite Ltd. Canada,

it often. not miss an opportunity to tease me.

282 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And, by the way, she is the niece of your friend Nicodemus."

"Then I have additional reason for our "GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY"being pleased to meet you,"David reIs Your "GOLDEN"Opportunity sponded. to do something about that new organ you need

Martha became momentarily seriin your church (or home).

ous. "You are frequently discussed

in our home by my father and uncle."

spirit, unfriendly I hope.""In no theHAMMONDThe Only ELECTRIC OrganORGAN bitter no. are they "Oh, Not only

against the tetrarch, but they are also offers "GOLDEN"savings over a long period of years in first ardent admirers of yours, although in cost and upkeep,—a "GOLDEN"sum that can be used for

the beginning they were pledged to replacement of other important furnishings.

Herod. But speaking of him,"

Martha rambled on, "he seems to be Make an unprejudiced investigation of the HAMMOND and losing followers every day since you know how much more you get for the "GOLD"you spend.

denounced him so courageously. Visit with us during Conference or send to us for full particulars.

What will he do? Of course you canfor answer,not himhe doesn't know

self, allow hardly such GLEN BROS. MUSIC CO. he can though

CELEBRATING OUR "GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY'a rebuke to pass unnoticed. Father

says if the tetrarch dared he would 2546 WashingtonOGDEN Blvd. SALT74 SouthLAKEMainCITY 57 NorthPROVOUniversity

resort to Herod the Great's favorite tactic, violence, and at once avenge the affront and rid himself of a troublesome opponent."

Ruth was so startled by her friend's "BANQUETMASTER"suggestion that she did not attempt KITCHEn CHARI11 THE NEW! ALLNEW

to conceal her alarm. Martha patted FOLDING BANQUET TABLE

DESIGNED FOR TODAY!her arm reassuringly. "Don't be disWAXED PAPER

turbed. I'm sure Herod will not dare KEEPS FOOD

friend."molest your

the desire Then to tease again took FRESHER LONGER! /f

possession of her. "But another admirer of yours, Zebulon, is on the

side of the tetrarch. Have you cast

L.D.S. workmen. by West Made in the off?"him

buy, Banycompare you "Martha, material for of quality you almost offend me. I quetmastersBISHOPS—Before and

have not cast Zebulon off, for at no workmanship,cost—only $22.66beautyin lotsof of design.12 or more.Low

time have I given him the slightest Unlimited Guarantee encouragement. You well know I SampleWritetableor telephonesent for collectyour 4390.inspection.

have often been really afraid of him."D. H. LOOSL1 CO., INC.

The visitor embraced her friend Idaho Falls, Idaho warmly. "Now don't be angry, Ruth.

You should have learned long since that I love to see your eyes flash at my senseless teasing."5th SemiAnnual

Ruth was somewhat mollified. "Of LDS Tour to 50

course what you say about David's HAWAII 299 safety surprises and disturbs me."May 1827 (May 1831 only $29.95 more)

"Have no fear because of my fool- - ALL THIS INCLUDED -

A. Airlines Trip L. United -Honolulu Roundish words,"said Martha. "There is a

Hotel Mr. Circle Island Tour vast difference between beheading a lus Tour Luauhukilau Festival TantaMor-

poor prisoner whose only followers monEntertainmentTemple LeiSomeReceptionMeals SpecialLimousineLDS are among the rabble, and harming Service to andWRITEfromFORHonoluluBROCHUREAirport.

of friends influenceone whose WITH MILLIONS canPOPULAR California Intermountain News IVES... less OF HOUSEW powerfulnot be by anyone awed 1023 Calif. N. Western Ave., Los Angeles 29,

than Caesar."AT ALL LEADING GROCERS Specifically planned for LDS

Martha proceeded to say that the timorous disturbed because Herod was RANCHES MONTANA States Whenever you moveAlso Other Western effectof the execution and its of John - label toSALE old mailing TRADE your - Send OR Also, the populace. havingupon 10,000 40 DAIRY ACRES OR OR to STOCK gether with your new addressheard of marvelous works done some listings request. Property sent free on

by one who had recently come among THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them, Herod feared that his victim COOKHamilton, REALTYMontana 50 North Main Street (Continued on following page) (L.D.S. Owned and Operated) Salt Lake City 16, Utah

APRIL 1957 283 To Be a Ring

(Continued from preceding page) of course. The men are about the

had risen from the dead. Out of same age, and there is, to be sure, a Eyes Are curiosity, her father had carefully inslight resemblance, which is perfectly

vestigated the matter. natural, for they are said to be rePrecious! asked."And what did he learn?"Ruth fromlated. NazarethThis newandmanreallyis ahascarpenteran un-

"That such a supposition is absurd, natural power over the people. He

GOOD LIGHT rF?rv<?sMrvrr K BRINGS

BETTER SIGHT Mnnnidhed 5udlu5t,ne55

Ctfx wo9 1 Richard L. Evans *k

A ll of us always have unfinished business. Most of us

have unfulfilled obligations. Most of us have things

i piled far before us that always weigh on us and worry us things we never quite get to, things we never quite catch up with—things we have agreed to do but haven't done. We

worry about assignments we have accepted and about prepara- i

Buy from Your Dealer tion postponed—until we find ourselves facing final dead- i

1 lines, having to do in a short time what we should have done

Be Modern.,. i a little of each day. Some men may have worn themselves i

i away with overwork. But many men have worn themselves i

at. Live Electrically away with worry about work they weren't really working

There is something in us that somehow seems to suggest that

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. I what we neglect today will somehow be easier tomorrow. It t

is true of students at school: If today's assignment seems too

I heavy, too difficult to do, it may be postponed for something MAIL COUPONfor some pleasant pastime—on the uneasier—perhaps

GRIND FLOUR I realisticdose tomorrow.assumption(Whatthat weis itcanthatsomehowmakes assimilatemen supposea doublethat i

AS YOU i oncethey cantoday!)more Anythingeasily do twicewe havetomorrowto do—evenwhat theythe didn'tsimplestdo ii

until us worry weigh on us and we begin assignment—will NEED IT! are there the to work, to get at it: the problems pages there i

(even the dishes there The Secret areto read, the debts there are to pay—of a are to do)—the things there are to repent of: all will worry t

Truly at a us until have wear and made we we start—until have i Nutritional less of instead the assignment one one made longer—until i Bread actually to get to begin something done done have what is we

Freshly until reversed repented and we have do—in short: Ground

if there even one shovelful, moved we have thereprocess—untilis to Flour the

is a mountain that must be moved. The only way to get a

is it. to to begin job done duty i to do do our The only way

mill flour household grinds Your stone own I if flavor. with to superb LEE is to drifting can't begin comfortable a Get Household we're be do it. We

Electric Flour flour Mill... grind as your you bake. Assure your family of an honest in the wrong direction. To have peace and selfrespect, and

loaf!

Automatic Portable to lift the weight of worry, we have to repent, we have to i

Electric Economical process. the Indeed, the principle without 1 reverse i

for recipes Write today prices—free food and

fruitless ance, life for frustrating be us and would facts. i of all—butrepentintroductory on offer, Save send coupon below

is life 7 blessedly there be cannot improved no by man whose 5-lb. choice order for with or check money

ground the package—stone day it's shipped. repenting. And the best evidence of repentance is to stop I LEE ENGINEERING COMPANY

Milwaukee, Wisconsin On doing what we shouldn't do, and to start doing what we I

Lee Engineering Company, Dept. IE-4 should do.

2023 W. Wisconsin Avenue, Milwpukee 1, Wis. I

.... Flour, 5-lb. only pkg. Pp. Smith $1.50 Deaf

CfTy Jhe SpokenP"Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE I 5-lb. Flour, pkg. only -Minn. Pp..... Wis. $1.00

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING I

Name; 27, 1957 SYSTEM, JANUARY

Street i Copyright 1957 City State 'rM?s rssfs \ssrfjr?sffsmiK

284 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA has won a great following in Galilee, usually from among the poor and ignorant classes, and even here in Jericho many believe, because of his magic, that he is a prophet."

"This must be the man about whom

Lebanah speaks,"David suggested. FROM TABLE QUEEN BREAD

"Lebanah? I've heard of him,"

Martha continued. "Perhaps this

is the man. He is fearless. Not

long since he was warned that Herod would kill him if he remained in these parts, and he showed his utter disdain by openly calling the tetrarch a fox."

"He must be a prophet,"David commented. It tastes better...

"But perhaps not, after all,"said bettertoasts betterfor...you,is

Ruth; "everybody knows that Herod because it's RICH GLASS OF MILK

is a fox or something worse."IN MILK. IN EVERY LOAF

Then Martha's love of teasing Enriched again apparent, became with Vitamins and David ROYAL BAKING COMPANY left City and Iron Salt Lake hurriedly rather than face Ogden more of it. (To be continued) the angel answered said unto "And and the Why Share Your Space Fear not ye: that Jesus, women, ye seek for I know

which was crucified. with a Swinging Door?

"He is not here: for he is risen, as he said.

Come, see the place where the Lord lay.

"And go quickly, and tell hts disciples that he

The Church Moves On isforerisenyou frominto theGalilee;dead;thereand, shallbehold,ye hesee goethhim: beLo,

I have told you."

(Concluded from page 216)—St. Matthew 28:5-7.

ings were made. This part of theproject, under the direction of Bisbop LEON BROWN

Stanley D. Rees Arts, and Recording J'lo'uiL Qompamf fiftyrequired 1,200foot reels of oncquarter-inch recording tape. The 33 1/ 5th South - Tenth West Phone EM 4-5544

r, p. m. records were made from these Salt Lake City, Utah

tape recordings by Allied Record Manufacturing Company, Los Angeles, whichis managed by Elder Daken K. BroadWE OFFER...

head, formerly first counselor in the A COMPLETE

Pasadena (California) Stake presidency, ENGRAVING SERVICE

Each side of these records runs about From Missionary Portraits to the Largest twenty minutes. Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention a "MODERNFOLD"

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. door takes none

3 President David O. McKay dedi23T Edison St. Salt Lake City, Utah * MORE SPACE FOR LIVINGW cated the new University of Utah * NEW COLORFUL BEAUTY

Union, a student center on the campus, * RIGID—STRENGTH OF STEEL

at Founders'Day rites. * MOVABLE WALLS

A new natural arch in southeastern IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS

Utah, undiscovered until a few weeks Aids in treatment of Canker, simple ago, officially was "George Albert named sore throat and other minor mouth modernfold afterSmith Arch"the late of President irritations. and throatthe Church. The arch, as yet unvisited DOORS

by ground parties, is situated about 25miles northwest of Monticello and 11 HALLS REMEDY miles southeast of the junction of the Salt Lake City. Utah For demonstration write or phone

Green and Colorado rivers. As closely ALDER'S itas be can air the determined from

South 960 Main City Salt Lake DRINK its atmeasures 160 feet about base wide Phone EM 4-8444

j is feet high. 75 Accurateand measurePlease free send your booklet entitled me

will taken bements and for plaque IE10. "More Space Living"a name ficq A delightful

placed on the arch in early April when hot beverage for those NAME an expedition of Explorer Scouts and who donit drink coffee. Address

leaders plan a trek to the arch on foot. AT YOUR GROCERS City State

APRIL 1957 285 How to How, When, and Why We Tithed enjoy deluxe (Concluded from page 248) now we know our Father will keep "fountain"sundaes "The spring of 1900, the Lord sent us and will give us all we need, as into our pathway Latterday Saint fast as we can assimilate his blessgt home wi+h elders. After a good canvass of this ings.

question with them, my husband de- "Tithing is a blessing, and I do not first to tithe. tithing cided before ever got along was see Our how we ToumeXfride

it. April. there placed without done in it away, worry is no Now We

toppings not knowing where to give it, waitwhen things get low. We know, God

ing for our Father to tell us. We knows we are trying to do our duty,

had broken away from the Protestant and he always provides more."

churches long ere this and were strug- I may state that since hearing the gling with the mighty question, above, Mr. C. and his wife have been

'Where is God's house?'baptized, and a letter from her today

"In July, we had our three little informs me that if it had not been children blessed by the Mormon for adversity overtaking them, they elders and Mr. C. gave his first tithes. would never have received the wonSince we began to tithe last April, drous blessing of the gospel, and they

our finances have begun to improve, can see the hand of God through it and we have not been without plenty all! They are prospering now, and

in our larder and money in our her letter concludes: "Tithing has

likeiVow prosundaes a fountain ma&e pockets established and more coming our faith as no other way in. Wefessional—the Big, Pride Towne way! ups could."have our and but downs still,luscious, - watering sodas mouth and

sundaes that are a dream to eat. Towne

Pride Toppings do it for you—so easily,

so simply. Makes serving ice cream five

intimes as enjoyable. Comes five delicious Testimony:flavors fudge, chocolate strawberry,

butterscotch, pineapple, chocolate syrup.

(Continued from page 228) Now, the created cannot be greater

If we possess the mind of Christ, than the Creator! God said, in subwe shall obtain the principles and stance, to Abraham, "I am the greatest TouiueXftide truths of Christ. Being perfect, Christ of all the intelligences which I have

had access to all truth. What he created."Can that fact be questioned

taught was truth and the power of or denied?

God unto salvation. Truth is given The Prophet Nephi, the son of

to us in proportion to our perfectness. Lehi, understood the foolishness of

For this reason, we are all counseled men, for he said:

to perfect ourselves the gospel through FILMS! that to hide them And seek deep wo unto of the plan Savior Redeemer and of their counsel their the from Lord! And DEVELOPED

are in the dark; works say: and they Who and PRINTED thebe oursworld,to enjoy.that wisdom may always seeth us, us? and knoweth they who And

also say: Surely, of your turning things of wisdom The wisdom God—the upside shall potter's as be esteemed the down

of the transcends which men I clay. behold, will But them, unto show Coin Send Only other? should follow? saith we I of the all that Hosts, Whom... Lord know C.O.D.'j - No

MONEYBACK GUARANTEE! Which bestows the greatest gifts and their works. For shall the work say of him

the thing framed framed say of him that PHOTO1115, Dept. SAMSP. O. blessings? that made it, he made me not? Or shall Box AALAB Paul, the gifted and dynamic servit, he had City, Salt no understanding? Lake (2 Utah Nephi

ant of Christ, witnessed to the 27:27.)

Corinthians:

The Lord revealed to the Prophet

For the preaching of the cross is to them Joseph Smith this glorious truth for that perish foolishness; but unto us which the enlightenment and understanding

are saved it is the power of God. of all men:

For after that in the wisdom of God the it pleased God, world knew not by wisdom is of the truth, and Lord For the word of preaching the foolishness God by is light, is truth whatsoever to whatsoever and

Stefc save them that believe. is light is Spirit, even the Spirit of Jesus

For the Jews require a sign, and the Christ.

seek Greeks wisdom: light Spirit giveth the to every man And TRIPS JttP FROST.. KENT to crucified, the that hearkeneth the. world, through Christ preach unto But we Into the Area Needles Utah Famous

"Spirit. of voice the the Greeks stumblingblock, unto the a and rivers; Junction Indian Jews of the Colorado Green and

and Salt creeks; Angel Arch, Davis, Lavender, Monfoolishness; And every one that hearkeneth to the

Red, canyons; ument, White Dark and Dead Horse Because the foolishness of God is wiser voice of the Spirit cometh unto God, even points; Bridges View and Grand and Kovenweep

national monuments. than men; and the weakness of God is the Father. (D & C 84:4547.)

daily person includes per $25 stronger than men.

sleeping bags, transportation, guide service, flesh should glory in his presence. God, then, is the source of all That no meals

Write KENT FROST, Monticello, Utah (I Cor. 1:18, 2123, 25, 29.) knowledge and wisdom, for the Spirit

286 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA is to enlighten every man through the world that will hearken to the voice of the Spirit. Such an one comes to

God, the very Eternal Father of all.

In fulfilling the ideal life for eternal joys you cannot substitute the wisdom nor the philosophies of men for the gospel and the infinite wisdom of

God. The Savior in his glorious

Sermon on the Mount called attention to the physical and temporal classesthings sought after by the gentiles, midtermSpring Quarter midterm enrollment starts Monday, April 22 then reminded his disciples that their There's still time to start your training at LDS Business College where individualized instruction,

Heavenly Father knew the things modernfor businessofficeskills.equipment and latest professional methods are combined to give highest market value

they had need of and counseled: HySpeed Longhand Federal Tax Accounting MIDTERM Gregg Shorthand IBM Key Punch

But seek ye first the kingdom of God, BUSINESS Stenotypyshorthand){machine ElectricIBM Bankand StandardProof and his righteousness, and all these things Office Machines Typewriting

Introductory Plus many othersshall be added unto you. (Matt. 6:33.) SUBJECTS: Accounting:and advanced

PHONE

BUSINESS COLLEGE EM 3-2765 Eighty Years Service 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY to Our lord IB (Concluded from page 225)the Lord. More recently, until the montooe

i FOLDING oferection Angeles the Los Temple, PIKES PEAK theit served (with Arizona Temple BANQUET at Mesa) the members in California < TABLES Highest Quality who desired to enter a temple and be blessed thereby. It is also a haven Direct Prices & All Purpose FLOUR

for elderly folk, who desire to do Discounts to temple work during the mild St. Churches, Schools,

George winters. Yes, the future is and all Institutions

bright for this grand old building.

Airline pilots use it as a neverfailing sixacre landmark. temThe TRUCKS storingMONROEple are tourist a grounds in must Chairstruck easy, Forthe wayTables modernFoldingtables EachandConstrue handles

storage chairs.permits No. of TSCorsouthern Utah. Storage Transport tionin limited eitherTruckspace.

No. Truck TS place a price the would on Who to their inquiries the Units Church may direct

original cost of this temple? Those ChurchSouth Temple,PurchasingSalt LakeDepartment,City 1, Utah.47 Eastwho would, must remember that it FLOURMICNIft ILIACMID THE COMPANY 1W0H*OC in awas built day when a man would 249 STREET. CHURCH COLFAX. tNCQiBRAtTC

for a to receive all daywork neighbor a jug of molasses which he couldbarter for his needs. And much of MlLIMClfLUlTOntOIMfTJ

St. laborthe the on George Temple SKIN freely givenwas individuals by and If you are PROBLEMS?troubled with rough, dry, SALT SaltLAKELake FLOURCity, UtahMILLS

communities. Nevertheless, it is scaling or itching skin or are an adolesthought that one million dollars is a centup in withdespair,skin thinkingtroubles noandproducthave wouldgiven

good construction cost estimate. The relieve or heal your skin, then you owe

building has been renovated several Yourit to druggistyourself tohas trythisH marvelous& M OINTMENT.healing

times. ointment and will gladly refund your

if pleased are not with you money reBind Your Eras for 1956 is sults. It to use, odorless pleasant and

skincolor. Subscribers who wish to bind the 1956

volume of THE IMPROVEMENT ERA are

THE AWAKENING informedready. that the annual index is now

your Reserve index by sending your name By Beulah Huish Sadleir to and address ABSOLUTELY GUARANTEED TO SATISFY. H your drug*Mstore, or order fromWhat deep desire to clothe the soul Get it at

In raiment that is pure! THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

truthsSome Street 50 North Main & LABORATORIES come late H 151 appraised be 16, Lake City Utah EASTM 2ND NORTH, NEPHi, UTAH SaltTo

Like after April minute diamonds rain 1 oz. - $1.25 2 oz. - $2.00 Please enclose a threecent stamp.

late September's wordless eloquenceAnd POSTPAID

In clouds.

APRIL 1957 287 ISIl:"?s.ft-<,;issvi!v.'"';,.:.:'!.iv.t;\?::.::::'"':::::: YOUR PAGE

FOOTNOTE ON THE SPANISH TRANSLATOR OF THE

BOOK OF MORMON

fter the publication of K. E. Duke's story on Meliton Gonzalez

Trejo on page 714 of the October 1956 issue of The Improvement Era, Mrs. A. L. Reese and Mrs. Garr Hovey of Logan, Utah,

of the family of James Z. Stewart, called to our attention information the Era editors had overlooked, indicating that Elder Stewart

worked on the translation of the Book of Mormon into Spanish.

Andrew Jenson, in his Latterday Saint Biographical Encyclopedia, volume 1, page 417, records:

"In the fall of 1883 Apostle Moses Thatcher was instructed to have the Book of Mormon translated into the Spanish language;

the responsibility of the work was placed upon Elder Stewart, and he was told by Apostle Thatcher that he would hold him personally responsible for the accuracy and general character of the translation.

Jo Ann Barrett Marilyn Miller The translation was made during the winter by him and Elder

Dear Editors: Meliton G. Trejo."

Twoachievedyoung fivegirlsyearsfromof theperfectMaltaattendanceWard, Raftat Mutual,River Stake,Sacramenthave 224225,Daniel quotesW. Jones,a letterin hishe FortyreceivedYearsfromAmongBrighamthe Indians,Young, datedpages

meeting, and Sunday School. June 1, 1875, authorizing Elder Jones to solicit funds to be applied

Marilyn Miller, daughter of President and Mrs. E. S. Miller of toward the support of Brother Trejo while he was translating the

Malta, Idaho, is twenty years of age. She has served as Primary Book of Mormon and other material into the Spanish language;

organist of the Albion Ward, Raft River Stake; organist of the the collected funds would also be used to defray the cost of pubSunday School; and secretary of YWMIA of the Malta Ward, Raft lishing the works. There follows a long list of persons who conRiver Stake. She has attended one year of school at Ricks College tributed money to Elder Jones for this purpose. And there is an

and at present is employed at the LDS Church offices in Salt Lake indication that Elder Jones, working with Elder Trejo, might have

City. done some of the translating himself. The.Brigham Young letter

JoAnn Barrett, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Barrett, of Malta, cited concludes that Elder Trejo's translations "... are desired to

Idaho, is eighteen years of age. She has been a teacher in Primary be done by November next [1875]."This was not accomplished.

of the Malta Ward. for the as secretary served YWMIA and also

of translation Spanish of the first edition title of the page The University. at Brigham Young is school now attendingJoAnn

press in 1886 reads: the came from of which the Book Mormon Clara Beyler Mrs.

President, YWMIA, Malta Ward, "Translated into Spanish under the direction of Apostle Moses

Raft River Stake Thatcher by Meliton G. Trejo and James Z. Stewart."

MIAMI SECOND BRANCH PRESENTS PLAY

depicting scenes the illuminated soft lights as semidarkness, in a such was Era the December in story Christmas Green's oyle last vision, of his and telling angel, Joseph the visitation by Mary's felt should that you episode we oftentold this to fresh approachD scene. the of manger it nonand the members by was received well very know how because interest particular of be might this presentation felt presentation. Weall this attended members who and Force Air is of men up chorus LDS the of percent made 50 appropriate with Millie Cheesman coordinated by and Prepared was conductor Florida. The in stationed Homestead, their wives a tableau by beautiful a with it presented music, was Christmas degree master's his received musician talented who Peterson, a Art R. president Paul field. branch With the mission in small branch

of Utah. University the from story direct beautifully fitting and Green's Doyle reading Cheesman

of Mary and the birth of Jesus, a twentyfour voice choir sang

ililliiilssffcj

.:

AND OURS

288 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "ii#'1 Si.::...::,-.:

... where Next stop home

Puppies grow strong on Friskies -the balanced diet meatloving dogs love!

PUPPIES STARTED EARLY on essential vitamins and minerals,

Friskies Meal are already on the other wholesome nutrients—all

way to sturdy growth and vigor. are here to develop the firm flesh,

Why? Because Friskies Meal sound bones and glossy coat

contains in convenient form all that mean lively good health for the food values found in finest your dog.

steaks, chops and roasts. balanced DiET.Friskies Meal

fully nourishes. Friskies is is a complete dog food—prerich in meat meal, bone meal, pared to the high standards of

liver protein—and is even more the Carnation Company. Start

nourishing than meat alone.The feeding Friskies today!

A Complete Dog Food For Variety—Canned Friskies

Fully nourishing. Provides up to

twice of the low nourishment quality or (arnation foods. alone Feed dog

Friskies with a speas Meal mix quality products EAtoo.SIESMixesT OFinstantly.ALL TOJustMIX.add..andwater.quickest, cial treat. taste

Ready at once, no waiting. Won't mush.

ALBERS MILLING COMPANY, DIVISION OF CARNATION COMPANY, LOS ANGELES 36, CALIFORNIA No mess. Feeding bowl rinses clean.

LIFE'NUMBER 4 OF A SERIES: "SHARING THE GOOD THINGS OF

HAPPY FAMILIES DO THINGS TOGETHER

"Now watch the birdie"... click... and we from financial problems... if you have a "Planned

have a portrait of our happy Beneficial family—Future"for your family. What's a "Planned Future?"

we hope! With Jimmy making rabbit ears behind Your friendly Beneficial Life agent will be more

lap, we're Susie squirming on his back, Dad's and than happy to explain it to you... with no out. this turn picture will all sure not at how

But you can be sure how a picture of your famobligation whatever. Why wait longer? Give himily will turn out ten, twenty, or even thirty years a call soon, or write for free folder, "Planned

from now. It's bound to be a pleasant picture, free Futures."

BENEFICIAL LIFE

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah