is Intelligence. No. 1 Vol. X. The Glory of God

imtfovemmtm sSlm ORGAN OF YOUNG MEN'S MUTUAL

IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS PUBLISHED E>Y THE. GENERAL BOARD (Business E Smith Joseph Granr, J. Editors. Heber j H.Anderson Edward Manaer

Enrered ah rhg fear Office, Salt Lake Cn-y,Utah.as SecondClass Matter.

NOVEMBER, 1906.

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

Portrait of Governor John C. Cutler Frontispiece

1 About Japan and the Japan Mission Alma 0. Taylor

Which? A Poem Ruth May Fox 10

Honor thy Parents J- A. McRae 11

The History of Rasselas. Chapters I-IV...Samuel Johnson, LL.D. 16

The Good Ship Zion. A Poem T.E. Curtis 25

Heart of Mine. A Poem Grace Ingles Frost 26

Galileo and Joseph Smith Compared J. X. Allen, M.D. 27

The Chain of Truth. A Poem Joseph L.Townsend 34

Sketches from the Lives of the Fathers of the Early Church

Frederic Clift, M.D. 35

His Way of It. A Story John Henry Evans 38

The Call of Duty. A Poem Alfred Osmond 49

Governor John C. Cutler Willard Done 50

How to Obtain Faith F. B. Hammond, Jr. 53

By Way of Thanksgiving Josephine Spencer 56

A Prophecy and its Fulfilment Robert Price 61

Editor's T?ble—By their Fruits ye shall Know Them

President Joseph F. Smith 63

Questions and Answers -The Kingdom of God—On Blessing

Children 66 Messages from the Missions 67 In Lighter Mood 7,0 Our Work—Notes—Monthly Reports—The Senior Manual 72

Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 74

36 Main Knit Gojds, and Clothing. Our special

Cutler Bros. Co. Street Younp; Men's Suits 3 piece Blue Serge

$6.75 DR. G. A GAMBLE DR. MARY E GAMBLE

GAMBLE & GAMBLE OSTEOPATHS ROOMS -931-2-9 CONSTITUTION BLDG.

BELL 'PHONE SALT LAKE CITY, 4363-Y UTAH

Osteopathy as defined by Di. A. T.

Still. t he founder. is a "scientific knowledge of anatomy and physiology in the

hands of a person of intelligence and vkill, who can apply that knowledge to the use of man when sick or wounded by strains, shocks, falls or mechanical derangement or injiuy of any kind to the hotly. Osteopathy views man as a maSome messages cause commotion. Here's chine of so many pans, its keynote being adjustment."

one that will cause you to pause and reflect a minute. Suppose a fire should wipe out

place business or your home.your of What STATE it The be in? BANK you would Thinkkind of a fix Utah Citv>

... A XJJrl EstablishedSalt Lake 1890 let J l\ so that are us insure you youover and O.T7\JV TUTT

of the accounts bank solicits HISabsolutely independent of what happens. 09f individuals, banks,firmsand and HOME FIRE INSURANCE \m extends to such customers every COMPANY OF UTAH reasonable courtesy and facility.

HEBER J.GHANT& CO., General Agents Jos. F. Smith, Prest. Chas. S. Burton, Cashier

2026 South Main Street Wm.B. Preston,V.Pres. H T.McEwan,Asst.Cah

Both Phones 351.

There is only ONE way Jos* Wm. Taylor you can reach every

Utah's Leading Undertaker - town in Utah - Idaho and Licensed Embalmer.

Chapel, Private Fine Funeral Parlor, Montana and Wyoming Morgue. and Show Rooms

Office Open Day and Night. QUICKLYznd that way

21, 23, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. is the U BELL"way.

Always look for this sign.

ESTABLISHED 1889 UTAH COMMERCIAL & SAYINGS BANK

CAPITAL $200,000 4 P*r Cnt—Interest,on computedSavings Deposits.semiannually

Commercial Banking in all its branches. Accounts of Banks and Individuals solicited. Customers assured

the best accommodations consistent "None others genuine."with conservative and safe banking.

WM. F. ARMSTRONG. BYRON GROO,

President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Work'fbf Every Young Man and Woman who is ready for it.

i

Bert Merrill, Arthur W. Morrison, Roy Williams

with Armour & Co. with Silver Bros. with Z. C. M. I.

OR over a year the demand for our students to take positions has exceeded the supply.

Mutual improvement workers, this is your opportunity. A thorough business education

makes you orderly, prompt, and exajt—it iusures a good salary and is the key 10

financial success. Take a course in Bookkeeping, or in Shorthand and Typewrtting.

Euicr at any time. For information write to the1 SECRETARY, L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE. SALT LAKE CITY.

/S**W/WWWVW*AA/*A

fiallidayDrug INDEPENDENCE.

...Company...

To be independent is

the ambition of every James Jack, - President

T.S.Hallidat, V.P.&Mgr. man worthy of the Jos. C. Jack, Sec. & Treas.

name. With compeOur Stock is New.

Prescription departtition you are ment is exclusive TELE PHONICALLY and has been enINDEPENDENT. dorsed by the medical association in Who Did It?

the highest terms.

"The Phone that Talks."

Drink?lo llliz at

our elegant fountain UTAH LOCATION INDEPENDENT Between Salt Eake $..Orpbeum theatres.. TELEPHONE CO.

(When writing to Advertisers, pleas* mention the Era.)

THE IMPROVEMENT ==ERA—To Stake Superintendents and Ward Officers Y. M. M. I. A.

We hope you will aid us in getting a large subscription listfor the

IMPROVEMENT ERA, VOLUME X.

HOW? (if you are not to do the work yourself,) to 1—Appoint a stake aid,

look after the subscriptions, and see that he does it.

is appointed by the association president 2—See that a ward agent

(if he does not intend to do the work himself) in each ward.

3—Provide each stake and wai-d agent with complete lists of ERA

subscribers for Volume IX.

4—Visit the subscribers as soon as possible, and get them all to

renew. in each ward (some wards will stand 100 5—Add a few subscribers

per cent or more) so that the subscription list may be raised to 10,000 this

season. (That is our battle cry for the ERA. Help us to win! )

6—Send in the list of subscribers promptly, and when you do so, give

the name of the subscriber, his stake, ward, and postoffice or rural delivery. State whether the subscriber is new or a renewal, and whether

Manual is to be mailed to him.

7—In sending money for subscriptions, invariably and always give

the names of the subscribers who are to receive credit for it, placing amount after each name. Give also stake, ward, post office, rural delivery and state.

8—When you have appointed your stake and ward agents for this

season, send us their names and post office addresses. On request we will

furnish each of them with a list of subscribers now receiving the ERA.

9—If you get five per cent of your ward church population as subscribers, we allow your association a rebate of twentyfive cents for each

subscriber.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, EDWARD H. ANDERSON, General Secretary

21416 Templeton building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Digitized by the Internet Archive in 2011 with funding from Corporation of the Presiding Bishop, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

http://www.archive.org/details/improvementera101unse

Governor John C. Cutler.

Born Sheffield. England, February 5, 1846.

APPROVEMENT ERA.

Vol. X. NOVEMBER. 1906. No. 1

ABOUT JAPAN AND THE JAPAN MISSION.

BY ELDER ALMA 0. TAYLOR, PRESIDENT OP THE MISSION.

During the last three years, a great deal has been written and said about Japan, and were it not that I desire to tell the young men of Zion a few things about the Japan mission, and correct a few mistaken ideas about this land and the prospects for the mission's success, I would consider it out of place to add anything.

Due to the fact that some of our mail went astray, I did not get the March number of the Era till a day or two ago. In this

''Christianinumber I notice an article by Dr. J. M. Tanner about

ty in Japan,"and I desire to comment a little on the conditions to which he refers.

When Japan, at the opening of the present emperor's reign, began her material, military and educational reform, she recognized her inability to proceed without the assistance of experienced and capable men v Such men were very scarce among the Japanese, so, at first, nearly every adviser, director, or chief was a foreigner under whom the Japanese received their first lessons. It

was not long before the student absorbed the wisdom of the teacher and, as a result, the foreigner was dismissed from service to make room for the native who had acquired ability to attend to his 2 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

own affairs and educate himself. This is natural and right. The

Japanese have the capacity to take advantage of an opportunity and to do things themselves. ''What man has made, we can make.

What man has done, we can do."This is their claim, and they are

keen enough to perceive that sectarian Christianity which has come among them is a manmade system which, after a long training under foreign bishops and missionaries, they feel quite capable of running themselves. Hence, the rapidly growing sentiment in favor of a real Japanese Christian church, under the

leadership of Japanese.

When this church develops into a reality, what will result?

Nothing more serious than what already exists. By placing a

Japanese interpretation upon Christ and his mission, I cannot conceive that any greater blunders are possible than those already made by the uninspired reformers of the past. Indeed, in some

points, Japanese Christianity will teach, more truth than either the

European or American kind. Many of the absurdities in the

modern Christian doctrine of Deity will be eradicated, and many rational ideas announced, for undoubtedly presentday science will play a greater part in the interpretation of scripture than Buddhist or Shinto traditions.

What effect will a Japanese Christian church have in opening or obstructing the way of the Japan mission of the Church of

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints? This is the question that interests us most. And I have wondered if the young men of Zion,

reading Dr. Tanner's article, would not hastily conclude that a

sentiment which would create a Japanese Christian church would work hard against the Latterday Saints who teach that the New

Jerusalem will be built on the American continent, the land favored of God, unto which all the seed of Israel shall flock. In answer to

the question, I give my views as follows

The new church and its new creed can hardly be expected to get farther away from the truth than the mother sects. The possibility is that, in many points, it will'get nearer the truth, and,

in many, it will embrace truth. This being the case, the step into

"Mormonism"will not be so long as before. The rise of such a

sect will give force and proof to our testimony against division in the Church of Christ, and the absence of revelation and authority

ABOUT JAPAN AND THE JAPAN MISSION. 3

in the administration of the gospel. It will create an agitation,

especially in Christian circles, concerning church government and authority, which will lead to an investigation of the scriptures on this point. Such investigation will certainly do us no harm. It

will give popularity to Christian questions, and many will join the new church. Of this number, hundreds and thousands may later

forsake I he fold or become lukewarm towards it. However, on

the. other hani, reverence for the name Jesus Christ, will increase,

and belief in him will take hold of the hearts of the people. Surely the Latterday Saints do not object to men believing in the

Savior. This belief, though feeble, is an improvement—a step towards the kingdom of God. The new church, after its financial

struggles are past, will give positive assurance of the permanency of the Bible and Christian name in Japan. This is a paving of the

way for "Mormonism."

Next, let me refer to the effects of the recent War upon the

Christian movement in Japan.

That Christianity has spread and multiplied in Japan, in consequence of her opportunities during and since the war, is a fact beyond question. Charity has been given an open field, and,

in the exhibition of this virtue, the Christians have eclipsed all rivals. The work of the Y. M. C. A., on the battlefield among the

soldiers, received the praise of both high and low. In these works,

and in the recent famine relief work, the Christian cause has been well advertised, and sentiment in its favor grows apace; while

thousands are confessing Christ and being initiated into the several churches by sprinkling or pouring.

Let the emperor go to Ise and worship at the shrine of his ancestors as much as he pleases, the Shinto as well as the Buddhist shrines are doomed. The following extract from a Buddhist

journal in Japan is significant:

Numerically speaking, Buddhism far outranks Christianity; but, by reason of

actual work accomplished, the balance of power is in favor of the Christians.

General hatred against Christianity is passing away, and the belief that it is better adapted to the new condition of things is daily gaining ground. Buddhist customs

and rights are becoming more and more alien to the interests of society, and Buddhist temples and priests are often the subject of public ridicule.

The enormous amount of Yen 200,000 has been expended by the Hongwanji (the largest Buddhist sect in Japan) for the work among the soldiers, but it is far 4. IMPROVEMENT ERA.

inferior to the work of the Christian Association, whose expenditure amounts only to a few thousand Yen. Their quarters are regarded as a paradise for the soldiers,

and they are welcome everywhere.

The work of the Christians has attained such success that it has reached the emperor's ear; while that of the Buddhists is always attended by debts and disturbances.

When Prince Arthur of Connaught visited Japan in February of this year, the emperor went out to meet him. On the way back

to the palace, the imperial carriage passed by where an old man "from the back woods"was standing in the front row of the crowd. Reverently he bowed nimself upon the ground and put his

face to the dust, as his majesty passed. The paper the next

morning reported the old man's act with words of praise. But

while he and an infinitely small number of others followed the old custom, thousands stood on their tip toes and stretched their necks to the limit to get a glimpse at their emperor; and those who witnessed the old man's act smiled at his ignorance and antiquity. Because the paper praised his act, shall we conclude that the Japanese are going back to such ancient modes of showing respect to

his majesty? The action of the thousands answers negatively. It

is customary for Tokyo papers to mention these returns to the old customs, because they are so rare. Therefore, I believe that all

that Dr. Tanner quotes from some of these papers about the emperor's going to the shrine at Ise, is simply gush over his acts.

At any rate, the actual conditions, as we observe them here, do not bear out Dr. Tanner's conclusion, drawn from the newspaper

extracts, to the effect that it does not look as if any considerable number of the Japanese were ready to accept Christianity. The

truth is that, due partly to the opportunities the war has afforded, and to the natural evolution of thought in commercial and educational circles, the Christian name is being boomed in Japan.

What effect will this boom have upon the Japan mission?

This is a question the Era readers would, no doubt, like to have answered; and the answer is what I would like the Saints in Zion

to know. For I infer, from reports that have reached me, that

some of the Latterday Saints consider the Japan mission a failure, or, at least, a premature movement.

Sentiment favorable to Christianity will enable those who

ABOUT JAPAN AND THE JAPAN MISSION. 5

have become dissatisfied with the traditions of Buddhism and Shinto to study the Bible openly, without any fear of ridicule. It will

not be unpopular to attend a Christian church. Studying the Bible

or attending Christian services paves the way for belief in Christ (even that fostered by manmade systems) and is a good thing, because it, at least, creates reverence for the Savior and places man in a better position to receive the testimony of divinely appointed messengers. "Mormonism,"though the best, is the most

unpopular form of Christianity, hence, not so attractive as the sects. Popularity is the Japanese love. "Mormonism"is commonly ridiculed and misrepresented, hence it requires courage to

be a "Mormon."This courage is at present lacking with the

Japanese. Ridicule goes hard with them. It is not so easy to be

a "Mormon"as it is to be a sectarian. People like tea, beer,

tobacco and wines. Ten per cent of one's annual income is a little

larger sacrifice than a copper thrown now and then into the subscription plate. It is easier to confess to a Presbyterian, Methodist or Congregationalist preacher than to a "Mormon"elder, because there is much to learn in "Mormonism"that requires longer

study and more humble research than do the doctrines of menTherefore, while thousands are following the course of least resistance, and joining with sectarianism, converts to "Mormonism"are few, vjry few. Japan at present is in a mad race for worldly glory, and the Christianity which makes the best material showing is the catchy one. Nor can we justly criticise the Japanese

for being attracted, at first, by the outside ornaments, rather than the inner virtues; for, generally speaking, this is the case all over

the world.

But remember that the immediate results of a religious boom are not its only results. After the people have had enough experience in following Christ according to Calvin, Knox, Luther, Wesley and modern commentaries, many will recognize a real hungering and thirsting after righteousness. And the "Mormon"elders,

having been in Japan long enough to understand the conditions and prepare implements for the work and acquire ability in the language, will stand ready to provide the honest in heart with spiritual food and drink direct from the fountain of Christ. After

experience has taught the truehearted that the soul of man can- 6 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

not find lasting satisfaction in a spiritless form of godliness, no matter how attractively ornamented, they will heed the voice of the true servants of God.

The prospects for the Japan mission are certainly brightening every hour.

Is the Japan mission a failure? Is it premature? The short-

> est answer to both these questions is an emphatic "No."It is the

mission of "Mormonism"to preach the gospel to all the world for a witness before the end shall come. Therefore, counting its success or failure by the number of converts made, is a

gross mistake. The aim of the Japanese mission is to preach the

everlasting gospel and bear witness of Jesus Christ, that the people of this land, like those of all other lands, may be left without excuse. Our success or failure, then, must be determined by the

answer to the question, "What has the Japan mission done, and what is it doing, for the spread of truth?"

When the first company of elders arrived in Yokohama,

August 12, 1901, they stood alone at the very bottom of the ladder. They knew no one; everything was strange to them. The

language they had was simply a jargon to the. natives, and the

natives spoke with a jargon in return. They had no book nor

pamphlet to take the place of their speechlessness. They knew

nothing of the Japanese character, nothing of the laws of the country, and were ignorant of the customs and manners of the people. They hardly knew how to proceed, and when they did get

started, everything was like an experiment. They had to feel

their way cautiously, and study diligently, with implicit faith in God.

The first company of missionaries consisted of three men and a youth. The following year President Heber J. Grant returned to America, and brought, on his second trip to Japan, his

daughter, three lady missionaries, and five young men. The next

missionaries (a company of three elders) arrived three years later, two arrived one month after these; the next and newest laborer

arrived in August, this year. So, from the beginning of the Japan

mission, five years ago, there have been nineteen workers in the field. But note the time of their sojourn. Three returned after

being here in the neighborhood of one year; two returned after a

two years'stay; two were here only two years and six months; one

ABOUT JAPAN AND THE JAPAN MISSION. 7

was here three years; two a little less than four years. There are

at present nine elders in the mission. One has been here two

weeks, two have been connected with the mission one year and two months; three have been here one year and three months; two

have been here four years and two months, and one has been here as long as the mission. From these figures the reader will learn

that, of the nineteen laborers, one has completed a five years'service; two a four years and two months'service; two not quite

a four years'service; one a three years'service; two a twoand-a-

half years'service; two a two years'service; and nine less than a

two years'service. Now take into consideration the Japanese

language and the characteristics of the people, their manner of living and the conditions surrounding both them and the missionaries, and I think any one can readily understan 1,that, while everyone has had a part to play in the work done, the blunt of the labor has been on the shoulders of a few, for only a few have been here long enough to know much about the language.

In the beginning, we could not speak, let alone write. Now

we converse about, teach and preach, the gospel. Five years ago

there was not a single written word for our use outside of the

Bible. We <;an use the Bible now, but, sad to say, it is not the

help we had hoped to find it; for it is translated in a peculiar and

difficult style of language with which the people generally are not familiar, and many passages most precious to us are badly disfigured. By our own efforts, and by the assistance of native friends,

together with divine aid, we have been able to publish eight tracts, seven of which are now in use. These tracts explain briefly the

rise of the Church in the latter days; give the reason for our coming to Japan, and state our attitude towards the Japanese; advance arguments in favor of God's existence, and teach his character, power, attributes and relationship to man; point out the

purposes of life and the final destiny of both the wicked and the righteous; declare the Messiahship of Christ, give a brief outline

of his life, and expound the atonement which he wrought, as well as teaching the foundation principles and ordinances of the gospel.

In these tracts the necessity of prayer is urged, and the essential features of acceptable prayer made plain; also the striking differences between the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and

8 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the professed Christian sects are referred to, and, at every oppor- - If the seven tracts weretunity, a faithful testimony is borne.

bound into one volume, they would make a book of nearly three hundred pages.

The translation of A Brief History of the Church will be ready for the printer by the time this article appears in the Era. This

translation will make a book of considerably over three hundred pages. In order that the reader may get an idea of the labor and

time required to make a translation of this size, I will state that one elder has already devoted all of his spare time, and many whole weeks of his time, during two years and two months to work on this one translation. Two years ago, a fiftypage tract

(the third in the mission) was published. In making and correcting the translation, three rewritings were necessary, covering two

sixtytwo full pages of hieroglyphiclike characters.

The Book of Mormon translation has been made, but is now being carefally read, revised, corrected and compared with the original. The English text fills six hundred and twentythree

pages. The uncorrected translation is a manuscript of, at least,

two thousand four hundred pages. Practically the whole time of

one elder for the last two years and six months has been devoted to this translation.

Five years ago the songs of Zion were not known in Japanese.

Today we have a psalmody containing sixtysix "Mormon"songs with new music to each.

Prom April 22, 1903, the date on which active missionary work was commenced, to July 1, 1906, our little band of missionaries walked 7,367 miles, rode 16,435 miles, visited 18,636 homes, revisited 14,281 homes, distributed 29,354 tracts, sold 167 books, and otherwise distributed 909 books, held 3,251 gospel conversations and held 844 meetings.

Sunday School work has been going on for nearly three years, and many Japanese children are being taught how to worship the true God.

This, then, is what has been accomplished in the Japan mission since it was formally opened, Sept. 1, 1901. Compare the

work with the number and ability of the workers, take into consideration the language and what has had to be learned about the

ABOUT JAPAN AND THE JAPAN MISSION. 9

people and the country, and, no doubt, the reader will agree with me that the work of laying a foundation in this mission has progressed; that God has abundantly blessed his weak servants; that

much has been accomplished—in short, that the Japan mission is

a success, in that it is doing much for the spread of truth.

But, is not the mission a premature movement? The inspirations and revelations from God are never premature. Therefore,

this mission, having been opened in obedience to a revelation to

President Lorenzo Snow, cannot be premature. Some who count,

perhaps, on converts only, hwe said, "The Japanese are evidently not ready for the missionary's testimony. The harvest is not

ripe."I answer, "Neither are the missionaries prepared to bear

this testimony until they have learned the language, nor reap the harvest until they have obtained a sickle."From what I have written above, the reader will see that the work, so far, has been one

the harvest implements into shape;of preparation—we are beating

contemporary with this work, the thoughts and aspirations of the

Japanese mind and heart are undergoing great changes. Preparing the sickle is just as important as reaping the harvest, and it is

being done at a time most opportune. Should we complete this

preparation for the harvest before the harvest is ready for us, there is still plenty of work to do, and no time to sit by and say, "premature."We can put our hands to the plow and plow the

field, we can, we must, assist in sowing the seed and raising the crop, if we expect the joy of reaping. The wonderful outpourings

of the Holy Spirit on very many important occasions in the histury of this mission, especially at the time the land was dedicated for the proclamation of the gospel, prove beyond all doubt, that God ordered the Japan mission, and is sustaining it for the final accomplishment of his righteous will.

In conclusion, let me assure all young men who are expecting at some time a call to go into the vineyard of the Lord, that they need have no dread of an experience in Japan. God is here. Upon

every elder who comes forth in faith and works with diligence and humility, the blessings of heaven are poured out in such abundance that the Japanese language becomes a delightful study;

and his mission, be it long or short, is a great privilege, a grand opportunity.

Tokyo, Japan, September 5, 1906.

WHICH?

(For the Improvement Era.)

If, when I pass the portal grey,

Eternal rest awaits me;

If I 'shall meet no obstacle, And struggles all forsake me:

Then let me sleep, Forever sleep.

If sympathy I shall not feel, For dear ones left behind me Nor sorrow's tear ne'er dim mine eyes,

But placid goodness blind me Then let me sleep, Forever sleep.

If all regret shall cease to be,

For mortal sin and failing;

My ears and heart be tightly closed

To pleading moans and wailing,

Then let me sleep, Forever sleep.

But if I find there endless peace,

Which passeth understanding, Because of penitence of mine, And joy in his commanding;

Then let me live, Forever live.

If I may carry words of hope, To spirits long benighted, And show them that with wondrous love,

Their prison should be lighted;

0, let me live, Forever live!

If, with the moon beneath my feet,

And suns above me shining, The stars may be my stepping stones,

To aid me in my climbing;

Then I shall live, In glory live!

Salt Lake City, Utah. Ruth May Fox.

HONOR THY PARENTS.

BY PRESIDENT J. A. MCRAE, OF THE COLORADO MISSION.

Some months ago, while conversing with a gentleman of more than ordinary intelligence, he stated that children owed no debt to parents, "for,"said he, "parents are alone responsible for the children being born; and how can they, the children, owe a debt

they have never contracted, nor had anything to do in contracting?

They are creatures of circumstances, and those who brought these circumstances upon them are alone responsible; if allegiance and

honor be due, it must be from parent to child."At the time

the remark was made, I gave no particular heed to it, knowing the speaker to be a confirmed bachelor; but, since he is a man

who has influence enough in the community to mould the thoughts of his associates, I have later had some serious reflections on the subject. I have since also heard the remark from others, and,

too, from children of Latterday Saint families, and I have wondered if being in the world, and surrounded by worldly influences more than formerly, had made us partakers of the thoughts of worldly men and women.

Is it true that our young men and women have so far lost sight of filial piety as to give place to thoughts inimical to all good forms of government? Such thoughts are anarchistic, pure

and simple. Why was it that God wrote with his own finger upon

tablets of stone, and thundered from Mount Sinai, ''Honor thy father and thy mother, that thy days may be long in the land which the

Lord thy God giveth thee"? -Because we are responsible to those

who gave us birth, and they are not merely "paying the debt"they owe us by providing food and raiment, shelter and protection, by 12 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

sleepless nights and the worry by day from the cradle to the grave, but are placing us more and more under obligations to our parents.

Never does the boy or girl get too old to be the constant care and concern of the parents. Then, too, should this statement be true,

that children are not responsible to earthly parents, the only logical conclusion to reach is that we are not responsible to God.

For we are as truly his children as we are the children of our earthly parents. Certainly no one will say that we owe no allegiance to God, for to him we are indebted for all that we are.

So long as the children of Israel gave heed to that fifth great commandment, they were prospered in the land, but as soon as they transgressed, they began to fall. In the Nephite history,

the sons who listened to the counsel of their father were blessed of the Lord. Paul saw these conditions, for he says, "This know,

also, that in the last days, perilous times shall come; for men

shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy, without natural affection, truce breakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good, traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God, having a form of godliness but denying the power thereof; from such turn away."

Here Paul classes those who are disobedient to parents with all manner of sinners, and places such disobedient before traitors, who are the most despised people on earth. He truly saw our day,

and spoke of ihese conditions, portraying them with a prophetic pen as well as or better than we can do today, even though we are living in the time of the happening of these events. During

the days of the ministry of the Savior, he enumerated all the commandments gave one, and in speaking of this fifth one, he says, "For God commanded saying, Honor thy father and mother: and he

that curseth father or mother, let him die the death. But ye say,

whosoever saith to his father or his mother, it is a gift, by whatsoever thou mightest be profited by me, and honor not his father or his mcther, he shall be free. Thus have ye made the

commandment of God of none effect by your tradition. Ye hypocrites! Well did Esaias prophecy of you saying, This people draweth nigh unto me with their mouth and honoreth me with their

lips, but their hearts are far from me, but in vain they do worship

HONOR THY PARENTS. 13

me teaching for doctrines the commandments of men."Thus, according to Christ our Lord, the people of his day were in the condition of giving a lip service, and honoring men more than honoring God.

It seems that the pages of history are filled with so many beautiful testimonials that even a fool need not err thirein. The

teachings of the great men of all ages have been to the end that honor should be due to parents, and great men turn to their parents to learn why they, the children, have been successful. There,

and nowhere else, can the answer be found.

In speaking on this subject, I have so far said nothing about the beautiful principle revealed through the Prophet Joseph Smith, "Behold I will reveal unto you the Priesthood by the hand of

Elijah the Prophet, before the coming of the great and dreadful day of the Lord; and he shall plant in the hearts of the children

the promises made to the fathers, and the hearts of the children shall turn to their fathers; if it were not so the earth would be

utterly wasted at his coming."The promises made to the fathers

can only be realized by the obedience of the children. Then the

continuation of this subject leads us on and on to the eternal worlds where the parents and children shall again be united, and each will stand in his own sphere, after "each shall have taken his place in the silent halls of death."

Why should I honor my parents, why should their counsels be heeded? Because God has commanded it; and has blessed me,

and has promised to give me this land to live long upon, that it might be well with me; because in the kingdom of my Father I

shall have the privilege of again seeing the family ties connected, and each shall occupy his station, none higher because of his pretended wisdom here, but exalted because of his great humility and piety towards earthly and heavenly parents. Paraphrasing the

words of the Savior, "How can you love your Father in heaven whom you have not seen, and hate your earthly parents whom you have seen?"

It may be that some of our young men and women slight their parents because it is popular, and because they are afraid to come out and face the opposition. I trust not; and if so, If t us tear

ourselves loose from such thraldom, and remember that the man 14 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

who rows against the stream is the one who gains strength for the battle of life. He who drifts with the tide, and whose life is

swayed by the opinions of others, regardless of right or wrong, is not sought for in the busy marts of life, nor is he found in any vocation among the leaders of men.

Joseph Smith was a boy who, according to the testimony given by those who knew him, was filled with much respect and love for his parents, and he descended through a long line of just such sturdy stock; and so, as he developed into manhood, God

saw fit to honor him by choosing him as the honored instrument through which this glorious gospel was revealed to mankind. In

all the references which the prophet made to his noble father and mother, he speaks of them in the most endearing terms. The

present leader of the Church, whose life is an open book before us, also speaks in the most tender terms of his father and mother, and the trials through which they were called to pass to give him the priceless testimony of the gospel.

Boys and girls, do not depreciate the works of your noble ancestors who blazed the trails and built the bridges over which you have passed to your present prosperity. You owe your all to

them. They endured hardships which would frighten the most

valiant of us. They suffered hunger, privations, and all manner

of afflictions; and all, that we, their children; might come to a

knowledge of the truth. All honor to those noble sons and daughters of God, our fathers and our mothers.

In Springville, a few years ago, I attended a reunion of the old folks of that place. Among those gathered for the exercises

were several pioneers of 1847, and others who had come to the country later. Hooked at their bruised hands and the many lines

in their faces, and each appeared to tell a tale of hardship and privation. Tfieir eager, upturned faces, their hearty laughter,

and their expressions, told me that in fancy they were living over again the scenes of youth. After the exercises of songs, recitations and speeches were concluded, and the order was given to go

out under the shade of the trees, to tables laden with good things to eat, I thought myself favored to bear the weight of some old veteran as he leaned upon my arm.

As I saw their hearty handshakes, and heard their words of

HONOR THY PARENTS. 15

good cheer, as companions of other days graeted each other, I could not help but wish for an honored old age. In my fancy, I

was carried back along the trail of these hardy pioneers. I saw

them as they were driven from their homes, over the frozen ground upon which they were forced to tramp.. I saw the sufferings of

women anJ children on the bleak, barren prairie. I saw the sun

rise day after day on scenes of desolation and despair, and yet of thanksgiving to God that so many of their lives had been spared.

I saw them on their westward march amid trials that would appall the bravest heart. I saw some faint and die by the way, and they

were buried by the roadside with a board to mark their resting place, a piece of wagon sheet for a shroud. Then, again, as they

neared the towering peaks and ragged summits of the great mountain range, new difficulties and dangers never before dreamed of confronted them. I saw them as they sowed their fields, but failed

to reap because of the ravages of insects. I saw their struggle

with the redmen of the desert; their perilous journeys into the

heart of the mountains, in search of timber to construct their homes—homes far from the haunts of men in the tops of the everlasting hills, and surrounded by vast stretches of"desert wastes.

I saw their struggles to rear a commonwealth amid such scenes of desolation!

Again the picture changed, and I saw the desert transformed, and cities and towns, villages and farms, on every side; and prosperous men and women jostling each other in the busy marts of

trade; merry, rosy children, laughing and singing with glee, or

attending the large and spacious school buildings that afford so many advantages for the education of -the young. And what had

brought about this transformation? I was suddenly awakened

from my reverie to gaze upon the veterans before me, and in the scarred faces and bent forms, I read the answer. Shall we honor

them?.

Denrer, Colorado.

THE HISTORY OF RASSELAS.

PRINCE OF ABYSSINIA.

BY SAMUEL JOHNSON, LL. D.

CHAPTER I.

DESCRIPTION OF A PALACE IN A VALLEY.

Ye who listen with credulity to the whispers of fancy, and pursue with eagerness the phantoms of hope; who expect that age

will perform the promises of youth, and that the deficiencies of the present day will be supplied by the morrow; attend to the history of Rasselas, prince of Abyssinia.

Rasselas was the fourth son of the mighty emperor, in whose dominions the Father of Waters begins his course; whose bounty

pours down the streams of plenty, and scatters over half the world the harvests of Egypt.

According to the custom which has descended from age to age among the monarchs of the torrid zone, Rasselas was confined in a private palace, with the other sons and daughters of Abyssinian royalty, till the order of succession should call him to the throne.

The place, which the wisdom or policy of antiquity had destined for the residence of the Abyssinian princes, was a spacious valley in the kingdom of Amhara, surrounded on every side by mountains, of which the summits cverhang the middle part. The

only passage by which it could be entered was a cavern that passed under a rock, of which it has long been disputed whether it was the work of nature or of human industry. The outlet of the cavTHE STORY OF RASSELAS. 1?

ern was concealed by a thick wood, and the mouth which opened into the valley was closed with gates of iron forged by the artificers of ancient days, so massy that no man could without the help of engines open or shut them.

From the mountains on every side, rivulets descended that filled all tl-e valley with verdure and fertility, and formed a lake in the middle, inhabited by fish of every species, and frequented by every fowl whom nature has taught to dip the wing in water. This

lake discharged its superfluities by a stream which entered a dark cleft of the mountain on the northern side, and fell with dreadful noise from precipice to precipice till it was heard no more.

The sides of the mountains were covered with trees, the banks of the brooks were diversified with flowers; every blast shook

spices from the rocks, and every month dropped fruits upon the ground. All animals that bite the grass or browse the shrub,

whether wild or tame, wandered in this extensive circuit, secured from beasts of prey by the mountains which confined them. On

one part were flocks and herds feeding in the pastures, on another all the beasts of chase frisking in the lawns; the sprightly kid

was bounding oc rocks, the subtle monkey frolicking in the tree?,

and the solemn elephant reposing in the shade. All the diversities

of the world were brought together, the blessings of nature were collected, and its evils extracted and excluded.,

The valley, wide and fruitful, supplied its inhabitants with the necessaries of life, and all delights and superfluities were added at the annual visit which the emperor paid his children, when the iron gate was opened to the sound of music; and during eight

days every one that resided in the valley was required to propose whatever might contribute to make seclusion pleasant, to fill up the vacancies of attention, and lessen the tediousness of time.

Every desire was immediately granted. All the artificers of pleasure were called to gladden the festivity; the musicians exerted the

power of harmony, and the dancers showed theii activity before the princes, in hope that they should pass their lives in this blissful captivity; to which those only were admitted whose performance was thought able to add novelty to luxury. Such was the

appearance of security and delight, which this retirement afforded;

they, to whom it was new, always desired that it might be 18 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

perpetual; and as those on whom the iron gate had once closed,

were never suffered to return, the effect of longer experience could not be known. Thus every year produced new schemes of

delight, and new competitors for imprisonment.

The palace stood on an eminence raised about thirty paces above the surface of the lake. It was divided into many squares

or courts, built with greater or less magnificence, according to the rank of those for whom they were designed. The roofs were

turned into arches of massy stone, joined by a cement that grew harder by time, and the building stood from century to century deriding the solstitial rains and equinoctial hurricanes, without need of reparation.

Tkis house, which was so large as to be fully known to none but some ancient officers who successively inherited the secrets of the place, was built as if suspicion herself had dictated the plan.

To every room there was an open and secret passage, every square had a communication with the rest, either from the upper story by private galleries, or by subterranean passages from the lower apartments. Many of the columns had unsuspected cavities, in

which a long race of monarchs had deposited their treasures. They

then closed up the opening with marble, which was never to be removed but in the utmost exigencies of the kingdom: and recorded

their accumulations in a book, which was itself concealed in a tower not entered but by the emperor, attended by the prince who stood next in succession.

CHAPTER II.

THE DISCONTENT OF RASSELAS IN THE HAPPY VALLEY.

Here the sons and daughters of Abyssinia lived only to know the soft vicissitudes of pleasure and repose, attended by all that were skillful to delight, and gratified with whatever the senses can enjoy. They wandered in gardens of fragrance, and slept in the

fortresses of security. Every art was practiced to make them

pleased with their own condition. The sages who instructed them

told them of nothing but the miseries of public life, and described all beyond the mountains as regions of calamity, where discord was always raging, and where man preyed upon man.

THE STOR Y OF RA SSELA S. 1

To heighten their opinion of their own felicity, they were daily entertained with songs, the subject of which was the happy valley. Their appetites were excited by frequent enumerations of

different enjoyments; and revelry and merriment was the business

of every hour, from the dawn of morning to the close of even.

These methods were generally successful: few of the princes

had ever wished to enlarge their bounds, but passed their lives in full conviction that they had all within their reach that art or nature could bestow, and pitied those whom fate had excluded from this seat of tranquility, as the sport of chance and the slaves of misery.

Thus they rose in the morning and lay down at night, pleased with each other and with themselves; all but Rasselas, who in the

twentysixth year of his age began to withdraw himself from their pastimes and assemblies, and to delight in solitary walks and silent meditation. He often sat before tables covered with luxury, and

forgot to taste the dainties that were placed before hinj; he rose

abruptly in the midst of the song and hastily retired beyond the sound of music. His attendants observed the change and endeavored to renew his love of pleasure; he neglected their officiousness, and repulsed their invitations, and spent day after day on

the banks of rivulets sheltered with trees, where he sometimes listened to the birds in the branches, sometimes observed the fish playing in the stream, and anon cast his eyes upon the pastures and mountains filled with animals, of which some were biting the herbage, and some sleeping among the bushes.

This singularity of his humor made him much observed. One

of the sages, in whose conversation he had formerly delighted, followed him secretly, in hope of discovering the cause of his disquiet.

Rasselas, who knew not that anyone was near him, having for some time fixed his eyes upon the goats, that were browsing among the rocks, began to compare their condition with his own.

"What,"said he, "makes the difference between man and all the rest of the animal creation?"Every beast that strays beside

me has the same corporal necessities with myself; he is hungry

and crops the grass, he is thirsty and drinks the stream, his thirst and hunger are appeased, he is satisfied, and sleeps; he rises again

and is hungry, he is again fed and is at rest. I am hungry and

20 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

thirsty like him, but when thirst and hunger cease I am not at rest;

I am, like him, pained with want, but am not, like him, satisfied with fulness. The intermediate hours are tedious and gloomy; I

long again to be hungry, that I may again quicken my attention.

The birds pick the berries or the corn, and fly away to the groves, where they sit in seeming happiness on the branches, and waste their lives in tuning one unvaried series of sounds. I likewise

can call the lutanist and the singer, but the sounds that pleased me yesterday weary me today; and will grow yet more wearisome

tomorrow. I can discover within me no power of perception

which is not glutted with its proper pleasure, yet I do not feel myself delighted. Man surely has some latent sense for which this

place affords no gratification; or he has some desires, distinct from

sense, which must be satisfied before he can be happy."

After this he lifted up his head, and, seeing the moon rising, walked towards the palace. As he passed through the fields he

saw the animals around him, "Ye,"said he, "are happy, and need not envy me that walk thus among you, burdened with myself; nor

do I, ye gentle beings, envy your felicity; for it is not the felicity

of man. I have many distresses from which ye are free: I fear

pain when I do not feel it; I sometimes shrink at evils recollected,

and sometimes start at evils anticipated. Surely the equity of

Providence has balanced peculiar sufferings with peculiar enjoyments."

With observations like these the prince amused himself as he returned; uttering them with a plaintive voice, yet with a look

that discovered him to feel some complacence in his own perspicacity, and to receive some solace of the miseries of life from consciousness of the delicacy with which he felt, and the eloquence with which he bewailed them. He mingled cheerfully in the diversions of the evening, and all rejoiced to find that his heart was

lightened.

CHAPTER in.

THE WANTS OF HIM THAT WANTS NOTHING.

On the next day his old instructor, imagining that he had now made himself acquainted with his disease of mind, was in hope of caring it by counsel, and officiously sought an opportunity of conTHE STORY OF RASSELAS. 21

ference; which the prince, having long considered him as one whose

intellects were exhausted, was not very willing to afford: "Why,"

said he, "does this man thus intrude upon me; shall I be never

suffered to forget those lectures which pleased only while they were new, and to become new again must be forgotten?"He

then walked into the wood, and composed himself to his usual meditations; when before his thoughts had taken any settled form,

he perceived his pursuer at his side, and was at first prompted by his impatience to go hastily away; but being unwilling to offend a

man whom he had once reverenced and still loved, he invited him to sit down with him on the bank.

The old man, thus encouraged, began to lament the change which had been lately observed in the piince, and to inquire why he so often retired from the "pleasures of the palace, to loneliness and silence.""I fly from pleasures,"said the prince, "because

pleasure has ceased to please; I am lonely because I am miserable,

and am unwilling to cloud with my presence the happiness of others.""You, sir,"said the sage, '*are the first who has complained of misery in the happy valley. I hope to convince you that

your complaints have no real cause. You are here in full possession of all that the Emperor of Abyssinia can bestow; here is

neither labor to be endured nor danger to be dreaded, yet here is all that labor or danger can procure or purchase. Look around

and tell me which of your wants is without supply; if you want

nothing how are you unhappy?"

"That I want nothing,"said the prince, "nor that I know not what I want, is the cause of my complaint. If I had any known

want, I should have a certain wish; that wish wculd excite

endeavor, and I should not then repine to see the sun move so slowly towards the western mountain, or lament when the day breaks, and sleep will no longer hide me from myself. When I

see the kids and the lambs chasing one another, I fancy that I should be happy if I had something to pursue. But, possessing

all that I can want, I find one day and one hour exactly like another, except that the latter is still more tedious than the former. Let your experience inform me how the day may seem as

short as in my childhood, while nature was yet fresh, and every moment showed me what I never had observed before. I

22 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

have already enjoyed too much; give me something to desire."

The old man was surprised at this new species of affliction, and knew not what to reply, yet was unwilling to be silent. "Sir,"

said he, "if you had seen the miseries of the world you would know how to value your present state.""Now,"said the prince,

"you have giver; me something to desire; I shall long to see the

miseries of the world, since the sight of them is necessary to happiness.

CHAPTER IV.

THE PRINCE CONTINUES TO GRIEVE AND MUSE.

At this time the sound of music proclaimed the hour of repast, and the conversation was concluded. The old man went

away sufficiently discontented to find that his reasonings had produced the only conclusion which they were intended to prevent.

But in the decline of life shame and grief are of short duration, whether it be that we bear easily what we have borne long; or

that, finding ourselves in age less regarded, we less regard others, or that we look with slight regard upon afflictions to which we know that the hand of death is about to put an end.

The prince, whose views were extended to wider space, could not speedily quiet his emotions. He had been before terrified at

the length of life which nature promised him, because he considered that in a long time much must be endured: he now rejoiced in

his youth, because in many years much might be done.

This first beam of hope, that had been ever darted into his mind, rekindled youth in his cheeks, and doubled the luster of his eyes. He was fired with the desire of doing something, though he

knew not yet with distinctness either end or means.

He was now no longer gloomy and unsocial; but considering

himself as master of a secret stock of happiness, which he could enjoy only by concealing it, he affected to be busy in all schemes of diversion, and endeavored to make others pleased with the state of which he himself was weary. But pleasures never can be multiplied or continued as not to leave much of life unemployed; there

were many hours, both of the night and day, which he could spend without suspicion in solitary thought. The load of life was much

lightened; he went eagerly into the assemblies, because he supTHE STORY OF RASSELAS. 23

posed the frequency of his presence necessary to the suceess of his purposes; he retired gladly to privacy, because he had now a subject of thought.

His chief amusement was to picture to himself that world which he had never seen; to place himself in various conditions; to

be entangled in imaginary difficulties, and to be engaged in wild adventures; but his benevolence always terminated his projects in

the relief of distress, the detection of fraud, the defeat of oppression, and the diffusion of happiness.

Thus passed twenty months of the life of Rasselas. He

busied himself so intensely in visionary bustle that he forgot his real solitude; and amidst hourly preparations for the various incidents of human affairs, neglected to consider by what means he

should mingle with mankind.

One day, as he was sitting on a bank, he feigned to himself an orphan virgin robbed of her little portion;by a treacherous

lover, and crying after him for restitution and redress. So

strongly was the image impressed upon his mind that he started up in the maid's defense, and ran forward to seize the plunderer with all the eagerness of real pursuit. Fear naturally quickens

the flight of guilt. Rasselas could not reach the fugitive with his

utmost efforts; but, resolving to weary by perseverance, him whom

he could not surpass in speed, he pressed on till the foot of the mountain stopped his course.

Here he recollected himself, and smiled at his own useless impetuosity. Then, raising his eyes to the mountain, "This,"said

he, "is the fatal obstacle that hinders at once the enjoyment of pleasure and the exercise of virtue. How long is it that my hopes

and wishes have flown beyond this boundary of my life, which yet I never have attempted to surmount!"

Struck with this reflection, he sat down to muse; and remembered, that since he first resolved to escape from his confinement

the sun had passed twice over him in his annual course. He now

felt a degree of regret with which he had never been before acquainted. He considered how much might have been done in the

time which had passed, and left nothing real behind it. He compared twenty months with the life of man. "In life,"said he, "is

not to be counted the ignorance of infancy, or imbecility of age.

24 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

We are long before we are able to think, and we soon cease from the power of acting. The true period of human existence may be

reasonably estimated at forty years, of which I have mused away the four and twentieth part. What I have lost was certain, for I

have certainly possessed it; but of twenty months to come who

can assure me?"

The consciousness of his own folly pierced him deeply, and he was long before he could be reconciled to himself. "The rest of

''has been lost by the crime or folly of mymy time, ''said he, ancestors and the absurd institutions of my country, I remember it with disgust, yet without remorse; but the months that have passed

since new light darted into my soul, since I formed a scheme of reasonable felicity, have been squandered by my own fault. I have

lost that which can never be restored; I have seen the sun rise and

set for twenty months, an idle gazer on the light of heaven: in

this time the birds have left the nest of their mother, and committed themselves to the woods and to the skies: the kid has forsaken the teat, and learned by degrees to climb the locks in quest

of independent sustenance. I only have made no advances, but

am still helpless and ignorant. The moon, by more than twenty

changes, admonished me of the flux of life; the stream that rolled

before my feet upbraided my inactivity. I sat feasting on intellectual luxury, regirdless alike of the examples of the earth, and

the instructions of the planets. Twenty months are passed, who

shall restore them?"

These sorrowful meditations fastened upon his mind; he

passed four months in resolving to lose no more time in idle resolves, and was awakened to more vigorous exertions by hearing a maid, who had broken a porcelain cup, remark that what cannot be repaired is not to be regretted.

This was obvious; and Rasselas reproached himself that he

had not discovered it, having not known or not considered how many useful hints are obtained by chance, and how often the mind, hurried by her own ardor to distant views, neglects the truths that lie open before her. He, for a few hours, regretted his regret,

and from that time bent his whole mind upon the means of escaping from the valley of happiness.

(to be continued.)

THE GOOD SHIP ZION.

(For the Improvement Eia )

Out on the waves of the billowy ocean,

Under the gaze of the Allseeing eye,

Lulled to a dream with the musical motion

Of rippling sea, and the sunny, blue sky,

We peacefully sailed, with the good ship Zion

Spreading her sails to the changeable breeze

When, out of the east, with the roar of a lion,

And blackening over the treacherous seas,

A tempest arose, the horizon obscuring,

With flame and with night plunging over the deep

With the shrill voice of a cataract roaring,

Calling the placid sea out of its sleep

Calling the crew from their dreaming, and pouring

Its anarchy into the fluttering sail;

Like a fleet eagle upon its prey low'ring,

It caught the small ship in the whirl of the gale.

The captain, above the loud thundering, shouted, "Hold fast to the ship, she will carry us through!"

But, alas! there was many-a-man even doubted

The power of a God to deliver that crew.

The tempest tyrannical piled the wild water

Like mountains, and many a sailor was hurled,

Asleep at his post when the hurricane caught her,

Down into the foam of the watery world.

As suddenly, then, as its marvelous coming,

The storm, like the wind in its threatening flight,

The voice of the sea, with its plunging and foaming,

The cloud, with its thundering, black as the night.

Passed away, the menacing water subsided;

The good ship Zion, heroic and free,

And giving her sails to the friendly winds, glided

Out into the calm of the billowy sea.

26 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

While the cloud in the distance yet muttered and thundered,

And blotted the sky with its hideous form,

I stood on the deck and I marveled and wondered

That we were relieved from that terrible 6torm.

When, over the waters in a jubilant chorus,

Our praises rang out. o'er the watery realm,

For lo! we beheld in the dawning before us,

Our God and our Captain who wrought at the helm.

The crags and the breakers caught up the glad chorus,

And rolled it in musical echo along,

The skies, and the winds, and the billows that bore us,

Caught up the refrain of that glorious song.

T. E. Curtis.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

HEART OF MINE.

{For the Improvement Era.)

Heart of mine, why art thou fearful?

Why so many doubts and tears?

Deeply drink of hope's bright nectar,

And grieve not for vanished years.

He who clothes the fragrant lilies,

Heeds each tiny sparrow fall, Never, never will forsake thee,

If thou wilt unto him call.

Heart of mine, be strong, enduring,

Walk the way without complaint,

Strive not to escape life's burdens,

Bear them bravely, grow not faint.

Every victory will make thee Greater than the one before;

Then press onward, upward ever,

Trust in God and doubt no more.

Grace Ingleb Frost.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

GALILEO AND JOSEPH SMITH COMPARED.

BY J. X. ALLEN, M. D.

A telescope is an optical instrument for enlarging the image of a distant object on the retina of the eye; or, if the object be a

point of light, for increasing its brilliancy. It consists essentially

of two parts, an object glass or mirror for forming an image of the object, and an ocular or eyepiece for viewing such object.

By the telescope, distant objects hitherto unknown are brought into view, and objects hitherto but dimly recognized are magnified more plainly and familiarized. The telescope is a means of—seen

revelation, whereby new facts are brought to light, previous errors and misconceptions are corrected, and the minds of men are much enlightened.

In the year 1609, Galileo made a telescope which n-agnified thirty diameters, by the use of which he was enabled to view the moons of Jupiter, thereby confirming the Copernican theory. As

was to be expected, the few who were hungering and thirsting after knowledge gladly received the new revelation and profited thereby, but the great majority, led by the clergy, objected most vigorously to the innovation, which upset so many pet theories.

In the year 1820, Joseph Smith discovered a sacred telescope by which he could penetrate more deeply into the spiritual world;

namely, inspiration and revelation. Revelation had been excluded

for many centuries, from the faith of Christian organizations. The

churches were satisfied with dogmas which governed their conduct, and loudly proclaimed that God had forever cut off communication with the human family: God had left them to themselves and to

is in the physicaltheir conceits and follies. What the telescope

world, revelation is in the spiritual world. Revelation is the "Mor28 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

mon"telescope. It reveals new truths. It rereveals old and

forgotten truths. It corrects error in spite of its hoary age or

high authority; but it never destroys, denies, nor ever casts

suspicion upon any of God's sacred truths. And herein lies the

parallel between the physical and the ''Mormon"telescope. One

gathers and concentrates the light of physical objects upon the retina of the physical eye. It is a means whereby vision is enlarged, knowledge multiplied, and intelligence wonderfully increased in the human family, by which means men are brought

nearer to their Maker.

Revelation increases the spiritual vision. It illuminates the

souls of men. It collects the rays of God's truths, and concentrates them upon the mind, and makes plain that which before

was mystery. By means of the "Mormon"telescope, the Prophet

was enabled to gaze into the realm of light;

"How that he was caught up into paradise, and heard unspeakable words, which it was not lawful for a man to utter."

(II Cor. 12! 4.)

It was true before the invention of the telescope that there was a sun, and that it was the life and light of the world. The

telescope did not seek to destroy this fact. It did not take away

any knowledge which the world possessed with regard to the sun:

it confirmed known truths. Its business was to penetrate more

deeply into the mysteries of the physical universe. By means of

the telescope, spots were discovered on the face of the sun, and by means of said spots it was discovered that the sun revolved on its axis. A fact which always existed, but was neither known nor

suspected by the philosophers previous to the invention of the telescope. So it is with "Mormonism."That there is and always was

a Supreme Ruler of the Universe is and was a fact well grounded in the minds of the human family. This fact was demonstrated to

the Prophet Joseph Smith by the bodily appearance of both Father and Son to the boy prophet. The known truth that there is and

was a God was not denied nor suspicioned, but it was confirmed and demonstrated. But, as in the case of the telescope, while

confirming a known truth, it corrected error by revealing anew a revealed to Adam in thetruth—although long denied—which was

garden of Eden, and also to Moses on the mountain. The God of

GALILEO AND JOSEPH SMITH COMPARED. 29

heaven has a physical body. He appeared in the form of a man.

truth. TheMan is made in the image of his Creator—sublime

spiritual telescope has extended man's spiritual knowledge. God

has reasserted himself, and the old error: "God has neither body,

parts nor passions, nor any properties common with matter,"has been corrected, and the world blessed by the "Mormon"telescope's collecting and concentrating more light upon the Author of our being.

The moon: the telescope did not deny nor cast suspicion upon

the known facts concerning the moon. All that ever was true about

the moon is just as true today as it ever was. The telescope,

while confirming all known truths about our queen of night, revealed more facts: the mountains on its surface, the many extinct

volcanoes, the driedup sea beds, and many other things too numerous to mention here. The "Mormon"telescope, while confirming accepted truths about the future abode oi our spirits, has

corrected many errors respecting the future abode and'conditions of the souls of men. For instance, the universal belief of Christendom, in the year 1830, when the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was organized, was that there were but two places and

eternal damconditions that the spirit of man could hope for—one,

nation in a lake of burning brimstone, where the spirit could suffer most acutely, but could not die, but must remain in this inexpressible fact, a neverendingtorment, millions and billions of years—in

torment in hell; the other place was the extreme opposite of the

joy, happiness, and neverending glory.one described—all

The "Mormon"telescope, while contradicting no truth, has rediscovered some very precious old truths. For instance: "In

my Father's house are many mansions: if it were not so, I would

have told you. I go to prepare a place for you."(John 14: 2.)

Again: "The Son of man shall come in the glory of his Father

with his angels; and then he shall reward every man according to

his works."(Matt. 16: 27.) Also: "Then came the first, saying,

Lord, thv pound hath gained ten pounds. And he said unto him,

Well, thou good servant; because thou hast been faithful in a

very little, have thou authority over ten cities. And the second

came, saying, Lord, thy pound hath gained five pounds. And he

said likewise to him, Be thou also over five cities."(Luke 19:1619.)

30 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"And then shall he reward every man according to his works."

These scriptures seem to be about as plain as language can be made upon this subject. But through time and superstition, the thoughts

had become blurred, indistinct, and inconceivable, until the "Morturned upon them, then they bemon"telescope—revelation—was

came clear, distinct and altogether palpable.

Before 1830, the Christian world drew one straight line of demarkation, and all who were found on the underside of this line, whether little or great sinners, were doomed to eternal damnation; and all who happened to be above said line were saved and

crowned in the presence of God. No reward according to the

life led and the work performed: either all saint or all sinner

devil or or monarch; in a word, no justice. "One angel—slave

star differeth from another star in glory. So also is the resurrection of the dead."(I Cor. 15: 41, 42.) It is very plainly to be

seen by the above quotation that the Apostle Paul had no thought that there would be no discrimination made in the distribution of rewards when the final reckoning shall come. Again:

''For our light affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory."(II Cor. 4:

17.) "Exceeding weight of glory."Exceeding whose glory?

The thought implied is that those who suffer most for Christ willreap the greatest reward.

Another parallel! The discoveries of Galileo excited the hatred

of the leading clergy of his day to such a degree that they actively persecuted him. He was cited to appear in Rome before the Holy

Office. He made a written statement in brief, of his discoveries:

"The earth has a diurnal motion.""The sun is immovable in the

centre of the world."While the second proposition is true as far as

regards our solar system, it has been proved to be not critically true. The sun has a motion through space of about 154 millions

of miles annually (Sir John Herschel). Although it has, since Sir

John's statement, been decided that the motion of the great luminary is about three times as swift as it was formerly supposed to be.

The Holy Office characterized the two propositions: "The sun

is immovable in the centre of the world, and the earth has a di.

urnal motion,"the first as "absurd in philosophy, and formally

GALILEO AND JOSEPH SMITH COMPARED. 31

heretical, because expressly contrary to scripture,"and the second as "open to the same censure in philosophy, and at least, erroneous as to faith."Two days later, Galileo was, by command of Pope

Paul, the fifth, to appear at. the palace of one of the cardinals and

there he was officially admonished not thenceforward to "Hold, teach, nor defend the sinful doctrine."He promised to obey the

injunction. But afterward he seemed to have forgotten that he

had ever made such a promise. He had previously invited both

philosophers and clergy to visit and. look through his telescope,

and behold for themselves the wonders of the heavens to see the circling moons of Jupiter, meandering around their primary. But

no; they declined, lest seeing they should be convinced. Galileo

finally died a prisoner.

The Prophet Joseph Smith, after bringing forth the Book of

Mormon, was the object of such bitter hatred that life became almost a burden. The clergy were not satisfied with hating him,

but they appealed to the mob—the lowest device andthe lowest

characters, to make life as uncomfortable for him as it was possible to be made. And because a greater prophet than Galileo,

they were not satisfied with his imprisonment, but cowardly murdered him in cold blood, an innocent and defenseless prisoner.

There is one expedient that a baffled opponent can always have recourse to: If you cannot refute an argument, you can always

abuse the author. Joseph invited the clergy to investigate his

doctrine, but, as in the case of Galileo, they feared to investigate lest they should be convinced. They chose the vulgar alternative

ridiculed him. They raised mobs to annoy and finally mas-—they

sacre him, as the Jews did with the Savior of the world.

There is a parallel existing between the telescope and revelation that I have not seen mentioned in any writings; namely, the

difficulty in ascertaining the precise distance of objects having no parallax. A new star is discovered whose parallax is almost nil. It

is almost impossible to get complete accuracy of results in trigonometry, where the given angle is very minute, and in many observations in telescopy, no perceptible change is obtainable. Therefore, the distance of the discovered object from the observer is a

matter of speculation. In revelation we meet with the same uncertainty as to distance, in time of events foretold by the prophets.

32 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

For instance, the apostle Paul, in writing on the second coming of our Lord makes use of these words: "Then we which are alive

and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air."(I Thessalonians, 4: 17.) It is

evident from this statement, that the second coming of Christ appeared to the apostle to be much nearer than it really was. That

the early Christians understood this,'and other scriptural passages, in a literal sense, is evident from Gibbon, chap, xi: "It was universally believed that the end of the world, and the Kingdom of

Heaven were at hand."There is one way in which this mental

mirage can be accounted for; namely, large objects and great

events appear nearer than they actually are. Strangers coming to

Salt Lake City, from the East, will imagine that they can take a walk to the West Mountain and back in a few hours. Strangers

coming to Ogden, frequently imagine that they can take a run to the top of the mountains, on the east, in two or three hours, while they are waiting for their train, but in reality such a task would be a very good day's work. The prophet, in an ecstasy of spiritual

exaltation, beholds a panorama of events so clearly that he fails to appreciate the distance in time of their fulfilment: the inspirational impression is correct, but the interpretation is hazy.

Although Galileo died a prisoner and in disgrace, the discoveries which he made, and the doctrines which he advocated, were subsequently accepted by the world at large. One would

naturally have supposed that the circumnavigation of the globe, in the early part of the previous century, would have satisfied the philosophers that a flat earth with its four corners was a mistake;

but no; men cleave tenaciously to long established errors. A flat

earth could not be expected to ''have a diurnal motion. ''But,

"truth is mighty and will prevail"was verified in this case, as in many other cases, and the statements of the grand old man and philosopher have been verified and justified.

In the early part of the nineteenth century it was a universally accepted doctrine, among Christians, that life was commenced at the birth of a child, some believing that it was in the child a short time prior to its entrance into the outer world. Absurd as it may

seem, learned men believed that a thing co::ld have one end and

not necessarily two. The Prophet Joseph declared that man had

GALILEO AND JOSEPH SMITH COMPARED. 38-

a previous existence. Mohammed had declared "'That which has a

beginning must have an end."Ancient philosophers were unable

to comprehend how men could reasonably expect a future life, if we had not had a previous one. That which was a mystery to the

philosophers was easily understood by the clergy and their ignorant followers.

In the sixth book of the AUneid, where the warrior is supposed to pass into the Ian d of shades, Eneas beholds a vast number of spirits. He asks his father who and what are those many beings

which he sees moving about? The father's answer clearly indicates

the belief of the wise men of those times:

"These are the Italian names, which fate will join with ours, and graft upon the Trojan line."

Reflecting minds of today fail to see how there can possibly be a future existence, unless there has been a past life; and also,

how our future life can be influenced by our present, unless our present is in some way dependent upon our previous existence.

Marriage in the last century was regarded as being for time alone, while the prophet of the last days taught that it is for time and eternity. Adam and Eve were joined together while they were

immortal beings before the fall. Therefore, being immortal, they

being married, it certainly does look as if other immortal beings may also dwell in wedlock. This idea is meeting with much favor

with many writers; even preachers will frequently make the remark

at funerals: "He or she has gone to join his or her partner.'"

In a word, "Mormonism"is being accepted by the world more rapidly since the martyrdom of the prophet, than was the doctrines of Galileo, after his death. As a matter of course, the world does

net acknowledge that it is being converted, but it is, just the same, and the truth is already gaining the upper hand.

In the year 1830, it was the custom for every preacher to stir up hell fire, and shake sinners over the boiling caldron, the object being to work upon their fears and frighten the sinners into seeking the penitent bench.

The prophet declared against this mode of bringing men to repentance. He sought to convince men by reason, and by por34 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

traying the beauties of an upright and godly life—by showing that

it paid better to serve God than it did to serve the devil.

Fear is the weapon of slaves, love and logic are for freemen, and for intelligent beings.

These teachings of the prophet are accepted today by all intelligent teachers.

"Mormonism"is taking deeper root in the hearts and minds of men than appears on the surface.

Ogden, Utah.

THE CHAIN OF TRUTH.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Beginning in our early youth, All attributes our minds possess

There's formed within each mind, Are linked within this chain:

Link joined to link, a chain of truth, There's love, and peace, and happiness,

Of many strands combined. That holy thoughts attain.

These strands comprise all lines of Each link we add, as years roll by, thought Forever is our own, That knowledge brings to view, To aid us rise to realms on high,

And one by revelation wrought Where Saints with God enthrone.

Has gems of wisdom, too.

And there the soul it3 chain expands

Bach mind its own bright chain comIn honor and renown, bines. While angels weave the priceless

Of links all burnished bright, strands

Till, in the eye of faith, it shines In one's immortal crown.

A chain of truth and light. Joseph L. Townsbnd.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

SKETCHES FROM THE LIVES OF THE FATHERS

OF THE EARLY CHURCH.

COMPILED BY FREDERIC CLIFT, M. D., OF THE FACULTY OF THE

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

AUGUSTINE, A. D. 354430.

[It is perhaps profitable for the elders of the Church to know something more about the early fathers of the Church, than is generally known. With this

thought in view, Dr. Clift has prepared this sketch and others to follow. The

extracts also may be suggestive to our elders, or prove that the fathers were in possession of many true views of the gospel, and thus corroborate the teachings of the Latterday Saints today. Editors.]

Augustine, Bishop of Hippo—the greatest of the Latin

fathers of the early Christian church—was born of a Pagan father

and a Christian mother, A. D. 354, and died at Hippo, near Carthage, North Africa, A. D. 430. In his Confessions he admits that

his early life was immoral, and that he was given to profanity.

At 30, he became professor of rhetoric at Milan, Italy; and was a

follower of the philosophers who were then the vogue, and filled the lecture stands of the various schools of learning. The men

who knew "all there was to know,"were as much in evidence then, as in the day and age in which we ourselves live. Two years later,

however, he was converted to Christianity, and at 41 became bishop of Hippo, and held his bishopric for 35 years.

Augustine was a voluminous writer. Of his Confessions it has

been said, ''To the devout utterances and aspirations of a great soul, they add the charm of personal disclosure, and have never ceased to excite admiration in all spirits of kindred piety."The

City of God {Be Civitati Dei) is a vindication of Christianity and 36 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of the Christian church—a new civic order rising on the ruins of

the Roman empire.

Of his philosophical studies, he writes, "And now I was chief in the rhetoric school, whereat I joyed proudly and swelled with arrogancy. * * * Among such as these (teachers and fellow

students) in that unsettled age of mine, learned I books of eloquence wherein I desired to be eminent out of a damnable and a vainglorious end, a joy in human vanity. In the ordinary course

of study, I fell upon a certain book of Cicero, whose speech almost all admire, not so his heart. This book of his contains an

exhortation to philosophy, and is called Hortensius. But this

book altered my affections and turned my prayers to thyself,

Lord; and made me have other purposes and desires. * * *

I resolved then to bend my mind to the Holy Scriptures, that I might see what they were. But behold, I see a thing not understood by the proud, nor laid open to children; lowly in access, in

its recesses lofty, and veiled with mysteries; and I was not as

could enter into it, or stoop my neck to follow its steps. For not

as I now speak, did I feel when I turned to those Scriptures: but

they seemed to me unworthy to be compared to the stateliness of

Tully; for my swelling pride shrunk from their lowliness, nor could

my sharp wit pierce the interior thereof. Yet were they such as

would grow up in a little one. But I disdained to be a little one;

and, swollen with pride, took myself to be a great one. Therefore I fell among men, proudly doting, exceeding carnal and prating, in whose mouths were the snare of the devil, limed with the

mixture of the syllables of thy name, and of our Lord Jesus

Christ, and of the Holy Ghost, the Paraclete, our Comforter.

These names departed not out of their mouth: but so far forth as

the sound only and the noise of the tongue, for the heart was void of truth. Yet they cried out ''Truth, truth!'and spake much

thereof to me, yet it was not in them; but they spake falsehood,

not of thee only (who truly art truth), but even of those elements of this world, thy creatures. * * * And these were the

dishes wherein to me, hungering after thee, they, instead of thee, of thine, but yetserved up the sun and moon—beautiful works

thy works, not thyself: no, nor thy first works. For thy spiritual

works are before these corporeal works, celestial though they may

THE FATHERS OF THE EARLY CHURCH. 37

be, and shining. "(Augustine seems to have had a clear understanding of the meaning of the first two chapters of Genesis). He

proceeds, "Such empty husks was I fed on, and was not fed.

* * * For other than this, that which really is I knew not;

and was, as it were through sharpness of wit, persuaded to assent to foolish deceivers, when they asked me, 'Whence is evil?''Is

God bounded by a bodily shape, and ha3 hairs and nails?''Are

they to be esteemed righteous, who had many wives at once, and did kill men, and sacrificed living creatures?'At which I in my

ignorance, was much troubled, and departing from the truth, seemed to myself to be making toward it. * * * Nor knew I

that true inward righteousness, which judgeth not according to custom, but cut of the most rightful law of God Almighty, whereby the way of places and times were disposed, according to those times and places; itself being the same, always and everywhere,

not one thing in one place and another in an )ther; according

to which Abraham, and Isaac, and Jacob, and Moses; and David,

were righteous, and all these commended by the mouth of God:

but were judged unrighteous by silly men judging out of man's judgment, and measuring by their own petty habits the moral habits of the whole human race."

How many of our professors of rhetoric, of our boys and girls, who are seeking the educational advantages of this great country of ours, are placed in the midst of similar temptations?

May their early training enable them to rise above their mundane teachers, and lead them to seek their inspiration from above. To

him that seeks it shall be given.

Provo, Utah.

HIS WAY OF IT.

BY JOHN HENRY EVANS, AUTHOR OF "ONE HUNDRED YEARS OF

MORMONISM."

I.

"And what's your luck today, Thomas?"inquired Mary Thornton of her brother, as he entered, but remained standing just

inside the room.

''Oh, about the same as William's there,"he answered glancing hastily at the dejected form of his brotherin-law. "I've

been out beyond the temple this morning, but there's no work as I can see, anywhere in Nauvoo. And I've been pretty much all overit, counting these three days."

"William's just got back from over the river at Montrose, explained Mary in default of a word from her spouse. "There's

plenty of work here,"she wnt on grimly facetious, "but the trouble is there's too many to do it."And then she added after a

pause, "I wouldn't mind if we only had more for baby to eat. As

for myself, I could shift another day or so."

Thomas, undecided whether to remain or to go out again in search of employment, looked about the room aimlessly. His

brotherin-law sat on the end of an empty box, the image of despondency, elbows on knees and chin in hands, while with his feet he kept patting, distractedly, on the loose planks of the floor.

Mary was sitting on the edge of the old lumber bedstead, which was nailed to the wall, and which just then held the child wrestling with Nature over a morsel of fitful sleep. The only other

objects in the room were an old stove, covered with rust and

HIS WAY OF IT. 39

threatening to tumble down any minute, a small round table without paint or cloth, two stools such as are used nowadays in milking cows, and a couple of tin boxes, or trunks, containing all the worldly possessions of these three forlorn persons. Presently Thomas came further into the room, seated himself on one of

the precarious stools, and began drumming absently with his fingers on the table.

After a few minutes of this diverting business he ventured the remark, looking meantime at Mary for approval: "We should

have stayed in St. Louis, instead of coming to Nauvoo. Then we'd

have money enough to keep us till we could get work, and besides, we could've got a job easily at St. Louis."

"What! and not have come to Nauvoo to see the Prophet?"

demanded Mary, in a tone of offended astonishment. "Why, I'd

rather starve where the Prophet of the Lord is than dwell in luxury anywhere else without seeing him!"

"I don't mean that we'd stav in St. Louis,"Thcmas hastened

to explain. "Only we could have remained there until we got

money enough to keep us comfortably here fcr awhile. I was as

anxious as you to see Brother Joseph, even though I didn't belong to the Church. Anyway, it's no use talking about what we didn't

do, then.""Maybe that would have been the best thing to do, after all,"she assented, paying no heed to his last sentence. "But we'll

manasre somehow, "she added hopefully, as women always do when men despair. "Let's ask the Johnsons to let us have some things

till we can get on our feet again. You go, Thomas, because William's so backward in anything like that."

Her husband raised his head and looked encouragingly at his brotherin-law.

"No, Mary,"came the answer, "I won't beg or borrow as long as I have strength enough to work. I'm not even in the

Church, and how'd it look for me to beg the Johnsons?"

The chin dropped again into the hands, and the elbows upon the knees.

Nevertheless, the idea was not withoutits fruit in Thomas'mind, for suddenly a light came into his eye. He said nothing,

however, in the way of further explanation.

40 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Next morning he was gone before either of the others was up. The fact, though, gave them no other concern than to

hope that he would get something to do. Their condition was getting critical. Other days they had not gone entirely without food,

but this morning the prospects were not so good.

Towards eight o'clock, however, Thomas came in, his face radiant with smiles.

"Got a job!"exclaimed Mary and William in one voice.

"No; nt a job,"was the answer, "but something that will

serve us a turn better just now than a job."And he held up his

red handkerchief full of something which proved to be various articles of food. He explained that as he was passing the Johnson

home he was invited in to breakfast, but that he had asked the privilege of taking part of it home. This explanation was

accepted without question, and the slender meal was spread out as attractively as Mary's practiced hands, coupled with her present facilities, would permit.

But Thomas'way of accounting for the food was not exactly in harmony with the facts, though it was as near them as his conscience could make it. He had been loitering in the neighborhood

of the Johnson home, and Mrs. Johnson had invited him in to breakfast. But it was not strictly true that he had asked to take part

of the food home with him. That, to his mind, would have been

said so inequivalent to begging. He had feigned—he had not

his way to some farms on the bench, and intiwords—to be on

mated that, though he was not hungry just then, he might be before he returned, and would it be anything out of the way if he should put it in his handkerchief till he needed it? To be sure

this was not setting a very high value on Mrs. Johnson's ability to

see through this screen of a disguise into his real purpose, and likewise into the questionable bit of pride that would seek to conceal that purpose. But Thomas'head, not his heart, was at fault

here. So he went home, by a circuitous route, with gladness in

his heart. On the way, however, he had eaten a few bites, so

that he might be able truthfully to say to Mary, when she asked him to join her and William in the meal, that he had already eaten!

So he generously bft the food, small enough in quantity to be sure, to the two, and shortly afterwards took 'his leave for the

HIS WAY OF IT. 41

bench beyond the temple square, so as not to have misled Mrs.

Johnson too far astray.

II.

That Thomas Freeman and the Thorntons, in a "Mormon"community such as Nauvoo was in 1842, should have acted in this needlessly shy manner, ought not to occasion a great deal of surprise. The circumstances attending their conversion to the new

faith, together with their former home and environment, will offer a sufficient explanation.

Prior to coming to Nauvoo, they had lived at Preston, England. Not only bad Thomas been born in this famous town, but he

had lived there during the twenty eight years he counted up as his age. Indeed, he had never been farther away from Preston than

the neighboring villages of Chatburn, Barshe Les, and Leyland

Moss. But this wa? partly for the reason that his early.vears fell

in the days before the smoke of the locomotive had trailed the air of very many English towns. His father and mother wera both

dead, and for years now he had made his home with an only sister, whose husband was William Thornton. They were all quiet, unassuming people, working ior their daily bread, and content with the

lot that Providence had assigned them.

Thomas was an unusually modest man. Modesty, in fact,

was bis principal trait. This came about partly from the notion

that no man ought to raise his head who had not been to school;

and he had been compelled to earn his own living long before he was really able to do so. Then, too, he had been kicked

and cuffed about a good deal—not literally to be sure, but the

effect had been much the same as if it had been literal. Sometimes, indeed, this results in more or less independence and spirit

in a young man. But it did not so affect him, because modesty

was also a natural characteristic wit'i him. No matter how much

education he might have been given, or how high the station in life that he might have occupied, it would have been the samehe would always have undervalued his worth. Nor am I overstating this phase of his character; for if it had not been so noticeable,

what I am now relating would never have happened.

42 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Freeman was also very religious. This, of course, went along

with his modesty, for modest people are generally inclined to be spiritualminded. But his religion was not of that showy kind,

as you might easily have guessed. Indeed, he did not belong to

any church, though he often went to chapel with his sister and brotherin-law. He had his own ideas of God and religion, and

since he did not find these taught at any of the places of worship which he frequented, he chose not to make it appear that his beliefs were other than what they were. From occasional

words which he dropped, people got the notion that he was an infidel, and this hurt him to the quick, though he never made any attempt to correct the mistake. That would have brought on

an argument, and arguing went sorely against his grain.

In the year 1837, when he was twentythree, there came a great change in his life—a change that turned the whole current

of events, so far as he was concerned, into new channels. This

was the preaching of a "new"religion in England.

A number of ministers came to Preston from America. Thomas

attended their first meeting. "This,"he reasoned, "promises to

be different from any of the religions that I know of; so I'll go to

hear them."And what he heard was very strange, indeed, and

very different from anything he had ever heard before. The new

preachers told of how, in the western part of New York state, a young man had received a new revelation from God; how he had

had the ministration of angels; how he had been given some gold

plates full of writing which he translated into English by the

Spirit of God; and how a church had been organized with prophets

and apostles, and all the gifts and powers enjoyed by the ancient

Saints, as recorded in the New Testament. And these men had

come to preach this gospel in England, by special commandment of the Lord.

Freeman. related all these things to his sister; bnt she only

laughed at him. "Do you think, Thomas,''she asked incredulously,

"that we need anything more than what we've got in the Bible, the Old and the New Testaments?"she added, laying special

emphasis upon the connective. ''Besides, don't we believe in

Christ? and the good Book says that that is enough."

"But,"James insisted, "these men said that the gospel had

HIS WAY OF IT. 48

been taken from the earth on account of people'wickedness.

"You haven't got it straight,"urged Mary; "I'll have to go

myself to hear them."Mary was older than Thomas by several

years, and she had got in the habit of distrusting his mental powers.

The next Sunday, at her own chapel, these very men were the preachers. What was her surprise when she heard every word of

Thomas'verified, and proved, too, from the Bible, the very Bible that she believed in. It ended in nearly all the members of that

particular congregation joining the "new"Church. Mary and

William were among the number, but Thomas held back.

"Why don't you be baptized, Thomas,"she used frequently to ask her brother. "You've attended all the meetings. Don't

you believe it's the truth?"

"Well,"he answered, "I ain't good enough."

"You're as good as I am; and I m baptized."

"You're a woman, Mary; and women are always better than

men.""But William, he believes and is a member,"was her final thrust; after which came always the evasive response:

"I'll wait awhile. Some day I'll join. I believe all right,

but I'm not good enough yet."

For nearly four years after their conversion the Thorntons, with Thomas, continued to live at Preston, performing outwardly the same trivial round of duties they had always performed.

i- r old life and the new was inward.The only difference between the

They attended church as regularly, but not the same one; they

were as deeply religious, but their hopes had been given a new turn and impulse. All the time they kept up a stream of interest

in the Church in America. The scenes through which their coreligionists in the New World were passing, they lived over again

in the Old.

But most of all did their thoughts, in common with the thoughts of all the Saints in England, more than two thousand in all, dwell upon the extraordinary person whom God had chosen to open up the new dispensation. What manner of man must he be

who had spoken face to face with the Lord of heaven! His

name was almost as familiar, and his personality almost as well knoA'n, in England among the Saints, as they were 44 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

with his own companions. They called him "The Prophet"

and "'Brother Joseph."As they longed eagerly for the day when

they should see his face, and, it may be, to touch his hand.

Of this feeling Thomas, who naturally had high veneration and spirituality, partook freely and deeply, though he had not become a Latterday Saint in form.. As soon as he learned that a

general gathering was contemplated in the scheme of "Mormonism,"he determined to goto the Amsrican Church and be baptized.

He would break away from all his old ties in his native land, and live a new life in another country. In his determination to remove to America, his sister and her husband fully shared. Henceforth, therefore, every penny that could be spared, was saved for

their emigration.

In the spring of 1842, they found themselves at Nauvoo.

Someone's kindness had assigned them a small oneroom structure on the east bank of the river. The location, it is true, was such as

to make its occupancy undesirable in general; but it was the only

vacant house to be found. The retiiing disposition of the two

men especially—Thomas and William—made the discovery of their

real condition, so far as money was concerned, well nigh impossible to any of their neighbors; and friends and relatives they had

none in Nauvoo, only so far as a common religion and sacrifice for the truth had created such. At all events, at the time our story

opens, they were in a bad way for food, even though their own modesty, and selfdepreciation were to blame. For a word, to the

effect that they were in actual want, would have brought them ample provisions from the charitable sources of the Church, not to speak of private aid that would readily have been volunteered.

III.

On the second morning after the failure of both Thomas and

William to obtain work, the two were standing out by the gate of their house debating as to what to do. William, having thus

at any rateearly picked up an American habit—Western American,

whittling a stick. It was still with them only a question—was

of getting work; their pride and sense of honor stuck fast at the

matter of begging.

HIS WAY OF IT. 45

"It came to me last night,"said Thomas, breaking a long silence, "that we ought to go to the Prophet himself."

His companion ceased whittling, and gave him a stare of unspeakable astonishment at the audacity of the plan.

"Well,"continued Thomas, staggered somewhat by the look which William gave him, but determined to regain strength by repeating the statement with emphasis, "it came to me last night as clear as anything. I was wondering what to do today, and it

came to me like this: 'Why not go to Brother Joseph direct?'

What do you say to that?"

The only answer was incredulous whittling. William's mind

usually took a long time to move, not because of its unwieldy size, but for a more subtle reason. At the end of a few minutes'reflection, he spoke up in characteristic distrust of his own faculties:

"Let's tell Mary."

So the two turned into the house. Her brother laid the plan

before her, in the phrase that he had twice used to William. She

approved it instantly, as. the whisperings of the Spirit. "Why,"

she said, "it's as clear as anything, and there's no need of hesitation, Go, both of you, straight to the Prophet!"

That decided them.

It was a beautiful morning, fresh and sunny, and provocative of hope in the despondent. Everywhere as they went were the

sounds of bustling activity in the rising city. Every fall of the

hammer that they heard, however, smote the hearts of these sensitive souls for their enforced idleness. But they took new courage when they thought of their errand, and especially the way in

which the idea first came to Thomas.

They knew that the Prophet kept a store across the street from the Mansion House, and there they expected to find him. But

as they approached the place, a new difficulty presented itself, which threatened entirely to defeat their plan. In the heat of reflection

over the manner in which "it come to him,"Thomas had failed to bring up the question as to who was to be spokesman when they came to be in the presence of Brother Joseph. And William

had, naturally enough, supposed that the task would fall of necessity on his brotherin-law. Had he not first conceived the idea?

46 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

And was he not the bolder of the two? Of course, there could be

no question about who was to do the talking. Then, too, the way

in which Thomas had led out thus far relieved him of any anxiety he may have entertained on this point.

But as they approached the store, tbe difficulty appeared in its full magnitude to the mind of the bashful Thomas. Suddenly

there came into his thoughts the greatness of the Prophet. He

was a man of God; he had spoken with Him face to face. Angels

had conversed with him as one man talks with another. He was

the one man in all Nauvoo. Everyone looked up to him as a

superior order of being, sent here direct from the presence of the

Lord. In contrast with this came his own littleness. He had

never been to school in his life. Only to the title of plain working man could he lay claim. He had never been accustomed to

speak to his superiors; he only did what they told him to do.

Least cf all had he ever spoken to a man whose ears had been pierced by the words of Jehovah. He had always been content to

revere the Prophet at a distance. Besides—and here Thomas

almost groaned aloud—he was not e?en a member of the Church,

he had never been baptized. If, therefore, he uttered a word t o

the Prophet, the Prophet would immediately detect the fact and send him away with a terrible look. As his thoughts reached this

point, he stopped suddenly, grabbed William's arm, and shouted, almost fiercely: "William! you'll have to do the talking!"

So different had been the reflections passing through Thomas'

flour'mind from the images of physical objects—meat, potatoes,

which had been rising before the mental vision of his brotherin-law, that William was utterly bewilderel by the demand. When

he did understand the situation, there was as violent an altercation as their natures and their present environment would permit.

Thomas urged upon William the argument that had appeared to his own mind; but part of these William promptly appropriated to his

own use, for the personality of Brother Joseph overawed William's modest disposition even more than it did Thomas'. The upshot

of it all was that William utterly refused to take the initiative; and

so the burden of speech fell upon the diffident Thom is.

So, with great timidity they walked into the store.

Joseph, at that moment, much to their relief, was waiting

HIS WAY OF IT. 47

upon a customer, a woman. They modestly looked about them in

mortal apprehension of the time when the customer should have satisfied her wants and taken her departure. Th store was not a

large one, somewhat longer than it was wide, with a rather high ceiling, and shelves on both sidewalls filled with the usual groceries and dry goods. There were a good many articles here and

there on the floor. They knew that above the place was an assembly room, used for the various quorum meetings.

But the moment came when the customor left the store.

Joseph came towards them, from the opposite end of the room, still behind the counter.

"Well, brethren, he said with a pleasant smile, and in a jovial reassuring tone, "what can I do for yni?''

Thomas endeavored to elbow his brotherin-law forward so as to throw upon him the responsibility of speech. The Prophet

turned his eyes from one to the other, finally letting thm rest upon Thomas. Those kindly eyes were the strongest possible invitation to speak.

"Please, sir, we're strangers here, and we'd like to have some work,"ventured the young man. "We're about out of food. We

don't want any money, only something to eat. We thought maybe

you cculd give us some work."

"Let me see,"reflected the Prophet, looking out of the window, so as not to embarrass the men by too constant a gaze. "I

think we can find something for you to do."And presently he

added, "Come with me,"at the same time leading the way into the front street.

He thereupon laid out a job of work. They were to dig a

trench nearly across the street, so many inches wide and so many deep. In measuring the length and giving the directions, the

Prophet handed one end of the tape line to Thomas. When the

measuring was done and the instructions were imparted, there was a momentary pause, in which there appeared to be some embarrassment on the part of Thomas and William. Joseph evidently noticed this, for he said:

"I suppose you'll need some tools; just come with me."

The necessary implements given them, Joseph explained:

48 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"When you've finished this piece of work, come to me in the store, and I'll pay you."

If ever there were happy men, they were Thomas and William digging that trench. Almost famished as they were, they worked

with extraordinary strength and vigor. Their hearts wers buoyed

by the prospect of earning food for Mary and the baby. And the

ease of the whole proceeding! In the presence of the Man of

God, they were so free and natural! The Prophet had made them

feel as if it were he that was under the obligation, not they. All

the while he was digging, Thomas took high honor to himself for having touched Brother Joseph's hand. "And me, a Gentile!"he

exclaimed to himself over and over again, with increasing amazement.

About the middle of the afternoon, they completed the job, and, gathering the tools, walked into the store. The Prophet met

them with the same genial smile as before, went out with them to examine the work, and pronounced it well done—as good a job as

anyone could do. Then the three reentered the store.

Divining, no doubt, beforehand, the kind of goods the young men wanted, and reserving to himself the quantity to be given, he took them into the cellar. Here, suspended from the wall, were

flitches of bacon, a vast quantiety of hams, and other varieties of cured meat.

"Now, brethren,"Joseph said, "pick out a ham."

They looked at him in the greatest surprise, without being able for some time to speak. Seeing their embarrassment, he

urged them more strongly, but in vain.

"We would prefer to have you do it, sir,"Thomas replied modestly.

The Prophet, stepping forward, and examining the hams closely, picked out the very largest, and thrust it into the arms of the reluctant Thomas.

'Oh, sir,"he pleaded, "this is too much for the bit of work we've done—not more than a half day, all told. We can't take

this much."

But Joseph would hear of no further refusal, but thereupon requested them next to follow him up stairs. There he set aside

a sack of flour, a small bag of potatoes, and a few pounds of rice,

HIS WAY OF IT. 49

with the statement that these articles, together with the ham, he thought about equivalent in value to the work they had done.

Both William and Thomas protested. They urged that the

amount of work performed was comparatively small. But all to

no purpose. Joseph insisted that they had done their work well.

He shook each warmly by the hand, loaded them with the articles, and sent them off with the happifying remark:

"When you need any more, come back; we can find you

something to do. Men must eat, you know."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

THE CALL OF DUTY.

BY ALFEED OSMOND, PROFESSOR OF ENGLISH, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY.

(For the Improvement Eh a.)

The forces of truth are prevailing The bugle of life is now calling

Think not they have lost in this The friends of the world to the fight, fight, And heroes around thee are falling

For mortals can never be failing, Who lived for the truth and the

Who do what they know to be right. right.

Our lives may be darkened with sorrow. Behold all this strife and commotion

Or shine in the halls of delight, The world needs thy courage and

But strength from this truth we may might borrow It calls for thy faithful devotion "There's safety in doing what's To that which is noble and right.

right."

youth, if thy spirit is yearning Be true to thy soul and its mission

To mount on the pinions of light No matter how dreary the night,

And soar to the summits of learning, And let not the god of ambition

Where stars of advancement shine Tempt thee from a course that is bright, right.

Ascend on thy faith's shining pinions, To serve is the purpose of living,. And match with the eagle's thy flight, Without which thy life is a blight,

But have all thy Learning's dominions And nothing is greater than giving

Enclosed in the circles of right. Thyself to thy God and the right.

Provo, Utah.

GOVERNOR JOHN C. CUTLER.

BY PROP. WILLARD DONE.

[The Era has heretofore printed the portraits and short biographies of all of the territorial and state governors of Utah. It is the only collection in existence.

In this issue we print a portrait and pensketch of the present governor.

—Editors.] John C. Cutler, second governor of the State of Utah, was

born in Sheffield, England, February 5, 1846. His early boyhood

was spent in that city, where he received the rudiments of a common school education. At twelve years of age he obtained a situation in the city of Manchester. During his absence from home

he continued his efforts at selfimprovement, spending his spare time at the Mechanics'Institute and the Athenseum. It is interesting to note that these organizations were similar in aim to our

Mutual Improvement Associations, having as their purpose the betterment of their members physically, morally, and intellectually.

On account of the benefit he received from his association with these influences, Governor Cutler has always been a strong supporter of the auxiliary organizations of the Church.

Having become converts to the gospel, the family emigrated to America in the year 1864. After landing in New York, they

went by boat to Albany, thence by rail to St. Joseph, by boat up

the Missouri river to a place called Wyoming, near Nebraska City, and by ox team from that place to Salt Lake City, arriving in the fall of the year nameil. During the first year of their residence in

Utah, the boys of the family were engaged in the labor common to the time, including canyon work, farm work, etc.

In his early manhood the subject of this sketch decided upon a commercial career. While in England he had received a thorough training in business methods, at the wholesale house of S.

and J. Watts & Co., and he turned his knowledge and experience

GOVERNOR JOHN C. CUTLER.

to excellent account in the various positions he afterwards held.

In 1877, he became general agent, and later manager, of the Provo Woolen Mills. Out of the business done in this capacity, grew the present firm of Cutler Brothers Company, formed in

1885, John C. Cutler's two brothers, Thomas R. and Heber S.,

joining forces with him.

As indicated by his connection with the woolen mills, John C.

Cutler has always taken a lively interest in home manufacture.

He was one of the first to make knit goods in Utah, a line of manufacture which his firm still follows with marked success.

When the manufacture of beet sugar was successfully instituted in

Utah, he became interested in it; and is a large stockholder in the

various companies of Utah and Idaho, and a director in most of them. For years Governor Cutler was a director in the Deseret

Agricultural and Manufacturing Society, which conducts the great

State Fair each year with the aim of encouraging home manufacture by bringing Utah products prominently before, the people.

In these various capacities he is a large employer of labor; and if

anything can be said to be his hobby, it is giving employment to home people and keeping money at home. In addition to the

business connections enumerated above, John C. Cutler is a director

of various banks throughout the intermountain region, and is connected in a similar capacity with other commercial enterprises.

Governor Cutler has been consistently active in Church work.

In the years 189092, he filled a mission to his native country. For

a number of years he was a member of the General Board of the Deseret Sunday School Union. From 1892 to 1904, he acted

as treasurer and chairman of the finance committee of the Latterday Saints'University. He served as High Councilor in the old

Salt Lake Stake, and later in the Pioneer Stake.

In the year 1870, John C. Cutler married Miss Sarah Elizabeth

Taylor, and from this union seven children, four sons and three daughters, have been bom. Of the sons, John C, Junior, is a

prominent stock broker, Herbert E. is manager of Cutler Brothers

Company, and Alfred T. is bookkeeper for that firm. Of the

daughters, Elizabeth is the wife of Edward E. Jenkins, and Mabel

is following a course of study in the New England Conservatory of

Music. 52. IMPROVEMENT ERA.

In politics Governor Cutler has been an earnest Republican since national party lines were formed in Utah. He has not been

a seeker after political office, on account of the close, urgent attention required by his private business. Yet he has found some

time to give to public affairs. From 1884 till 1890'he was clerk

of Salt Lake County and exofficio clerk of the Probate court. For

a number of years he acted as United States Jury Commissioner.

In 1904 his friends prevailed on him to become a candidate for the

Republican nomination for governor. Mindful of the high honor

involved in being Chief Executive of an important state, he accepted tha nomination, and was elected in November, 1904. He

entered upon the duties of his office January 2, 1905.

Governor Cutler has given his close personal attention to the duties of his office. He considers it his duty to give the same

painstaking attention to the affairs of state that he gives to his private matters. It seems inevitable that this conscientious work

will make his administration highly successful.

Mention may profitably be made of some of Governor Cutler's personal traits, as they are the basis of the success he has achieved in private and public Tfe. He is essentially selfpoised,

and always keeps himself under complete control. No matter

what the provocation, he avoids giving way to anger. He is

strictly temperate in his personal habits, and urges others by precept and example to avoid intemperance. In his personal dealings

with his fellowmen he is scrupulously exact and honest. He acts

along the line of strict integrity, in the management of his private affairs and the affairs of state. He possesses the utmost confidence of his associates, and that is one great reason for the honors his fellowcitizens have conferred upon him.

His attitude on matters of religious and political belief and practice is broad and tolerant. While devoted to his own beliefs,

he willingly concedes to all other men the enjoyment of their political and religious privileges, so long as their literty does not degenerate into license.

All in all, Governor Cutler's labors have met with a gratifying degree of success, and his position in the community is most enviable.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

HOW TO OBTAIN FAITH

BY ELDER F. B. HAMMOND, JR.

No doubt there are many people who, sometime in their lives, were without faith. They have a faith today that an earthquake

couldn't shake. The transition from doubt to faith has not come

in one big bound, but faith has been given them, here a little and there a little, in the ratio as their thoughts and actions increased in righteousness. There may be many in Zion, even nowwhos faith

is weak. It would be strange were it not so. The gospel of our

Lord is inseparably connected with his servants. It seems to be

the privilege of all, and suivly it is the delight of soim% to hold up the lives of these servants as very faulty, and, in some instances, for ridicule. We read it in our dailies; hear it un the corners;

often it is discussed in the family circle and, if. we will read between the lines of most of the political gatherings, we can hear

it from some who share to some extent the responsibility of those whom they malign. This error, with the strenuous American

greed for gold, is causing many of our youth to grow up with less faith in the gospel than their forefathers. Many of them

have serious thoughts at times, and often ask, How can I obtain faith in the gospel? For them, these few, simple lines are penned.

It is said that all great actors, who wish to do justice to the characters they represent, actually live the lives, think the thoughts, and arouse the emotions, that were manifested in those whom they imitate. None will dispute that actions are expressions of the mind, and is it not possible that mind can be absolutely changed to conform t actions? I think so. If you have

no faith, act in a faithful way, and as sure as the Lord lives he will give you faith.

54 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Paul says faith comes by hearing. Then, if you haven't faith,

go where you can hear the word of God. If, on Mutual night or

on a Sunday, you seek the saloon, street, or gaming table, it is a settled fact that the day or night will pass by and you will feel just a little bit farther from faith. The "word"that you hear

in such places is not intended by its inspirer to create faith in the gospel, but the opposite. If you desire faith, go where faith is

manufactured, put yourself in the right condition, and you will carry off a heartful.

All those who came to Jesus, maimed or diseased, were healed by faith. It seemed that faith, about the size of a mustard seed,

and disease, cannot both inhabit the same body at the same time.

If perfect faith brings perfect health, will not perfect health have a tendency to bring faith? It seems to me that the despondent

dispeptic, or the cigarette smoker with the graveyard cough, can not have untainted faith in the gospel. They do not see the bright

side of life, and faith will not acknowledge any darkness at all;

but if they do have faith, they have little hope, and hope is a very near.and dear friend of faith. If you want faith increased, keep

the Word of Wisdom, get your bodies in as healthy a condition as possible, and you will be more susceptible to its gentle knockings.

No man possessing faith ever "runs down"his bishop, slanders his neighbor, scolds his wife, thumps his babies, or knocks a horn off from his milch cow. If you have done any of these, you have

been forgetful or angered, and faith says to both: "Depart, I

know you not. "Faith causes a man to love everybody, everyinthing. If you are without faith, begin to love someone—start

on mother, that queen of all creation. From the time you first

uttered that little shrill cry that sent the blood creeping to her very finger tips with joy, until you gather around her bedside with bowed heads, would she gladly have suffered even unto death for your salvation. When she asks you to go to Mutual instead of

the club or cafe (often only stylish names for the saloon) love her then and there, and do as she requests. When you love her as you

ought, remember father, too. He is gruff, and sometimes cuts deep

when he reproves; but could you see in his big heart, the space

allotted for his son, you would be filled with—love. Love thy father

and thy mother and do as they bid, and thou shalt have faith all

HOW TO OBTAIN FA ITH. h!>

thy days. Love brothers, sisters, the world, and then see if the

Lord will not give faith.

There is nothing that produces faith in religion like doing what religion requires. "Pure religion and undented before God

and the Father is this, to visit the fatherless and widows in their affliction, and to keep himself unspotted from the world."

Buy a sack of flour with the "club"money, and send it around to some poor widow without letting your left hand know it. Be

liberal with this newly called missionary. You are apt to get a

call some day, and you will know how to appreciate a hearty "sendoff,"especially if the purse is well rounded. Sympathy, a

kind look or word, are often more needed than gold. Always keep

these at the head of your free list, and never let the stock get stale nor depleted. Imitate faithful people, and you are bound to

receive faith.

Don't expect to receive the faith of Job in one day, nor in one year. Don't lose heart if you find by experience that faith comes

as a slow, steady growth. "Righteousness in God is revealed

from faith to faith."The Lord always gives faith to those whose

thoughts and actions are in harmony with the law that faith operates.

Choose companions who have a testimony of the gospel; go

often where you can hear the word of God; keep the Word of

Wisdom strictly; love somebody—several bodies; give something

freely; last, but not least, go to your room, pull down the blinds,

and, on'your knees, earnestly tell the Father you desire faith. If

you make theae principles part of your daily life, it will not be long before you can truthfully say: "1 know, that my Redeemer

liveth."

Winnipeg, Canada.

BY WAY OF THANKSGIVING.

BY JOSEPHINE SPENCER.

"That's why she's called Thankful,"said Melissa. "We felt

that special Thanksgiving day would have been turned maybe into finally, we came to christenmourning but for her,—and when,

her, it had to be something that would stand for our gratitude. It

seemed like the naming of her had been put off for a special purpose—for time and again we'd set the day, and something came

to interfere. She was five months old when she got her name—and

she got it for being a heroine. Jim and the Mayvilles gave me all

the credit, but I tell 'em I'd never had the wit myself to think of what that lump of blessedness put into my head. Haven't you heard

how it all happened? The story went into the newspapers, and I

supposed everyone knew.

"You see, I'd known Mercy Mayville before she was married.

it neverHer folks were the wealthiest people in the place—but

made any of 'em proud, and Mercy was just the sweetest of 'em.all. Never a time you met her that she hadn't a fine smile and

word for you; and when trouble came she was always ready to

help the humblest. It was when she had me up at the mansion to

stay, the time I was down with the fever, that I learned to know her best. We'd all had it, father, mother, and the two boys—and

Mercy just took me right away to her own home and nursed me through it all.

"When I married Jim, there was a handsome present for us;

and even after Mercy married, and went; away to the capital to

live, she never forgot us. I was gUd when she made the old

home her summer stopping place, for it gave me a chance to see her often while she was here, spite of the company that always

BY WAY OF THANKSGIVING. 57

filled the house. In the winter she was always away—that is,

after her parents died and the house was shut up: so it was quite

an event to us when she came down here for Thanksgiving. You

see, she'd taken it into her mind to give a house party here and have an oldfashioned dinner—then finish with a sleighride over

the country roads in the moonlight—a regular oldfashioned time

all round. "She wrote to me about it a fortnight before—asking me to

coax Martha Wall and her girls to take charge of the dinner.

Martha was famous for her cooking—the very thought of her

pumpkin pies, and doughnuts and appleturnovers and tarts made your mouth drule like a baby's. As for Martha's girls—there's

just one word to describe 'em—buxom. Plump and rosy, with complexions like buttermilk—the sight of 'em was> worth the price of a

front seat at a theatre any time.

"This was why Mercy wanted them specially—to help out with

her pretty scheme, and as they all occasionally tookcharge of parties like that, there was only the right way in asking. The

only trouble with Martha was her temper, and it was this that came near making mincemeat of Mercy May ville's party. Neither

her, nor me, nor Martha, either, I guess, knows just what happened at the house that day. 'Twas one of the mysteries of

Mercy's life, Martha's flying up at the last minute there in the kitchen, and galloping off with her girls.

"Think of a situation like that left on a hostess'hands! All

morning the automobiles had been coming from the city, till the house was thronged with guests; and the first I knew, here come

Mercy Mayville flying through the door—my door—with her

cheeks red with the first real rage I'd ever seen her in, and her else. She'd come to tell me abouteyes red with—something

Martha an I the girls streaking off in a huff—and to know if I

could tell her how to fill their place. Well, I did't know any one

it didn't need the memshe could trust to do that—but me—and

ory of all she'd done for me to make me voluntaer for the task.

"I'd never been out at service—I'd had too kind and clever a

fatner and husband for that—but I knew I coul 1 outcook even

Martha Wall, and as for her girls—well, there was Jim, who

dressed up in his bUck suitalways waited on table for me—and

58 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

looked a heap sweller than the butler the Mayvilles always brought down in the summer.

"I had to take the baby along, having no one to leave her to be a help in the way of entertaining,with—but she turned out

of what came after—for Mercy took her right—to say nothing

out of the way into the parlor, and her cute ways and tricks kept the guests merry all afternoon.

is my "The dinner beat Martha Wall's best—if the trumpeting

for Jim—well to me, he looked and deported himselfown—and as

like a prince of the blood. How those city people did eat! Seven

courses, and the plates clean from each one. When Jim brought

'em out to the kitchen, it was like a medal had been awarded each course. But the time they took made it awfully late for me and

Jim and the baby. I couldn't undress her till they all went away

for the sleighride, and that was nine o'clock.

"We were to stay all night, for the party wouldn't be back till midnight, and there was the silver they had up from the bank vault to be tended till it could be properly packed away. When it was

all washed up, we put it away in the panel closet under the stair;

and I told Jim to go home and see to the cows and horses while I stayed with the house.

"There wasn't a bit of fear in me, for I'd often stayed there alone in the summer time, while the folks in the house went junketing.

"With the lights out and the doors all locked down stairs, I felt quite safe in my room on the second floor; and when the knob

turned on me suddenly, as I sat undressing the baby, I never thought but that 'twas Jim come back. The sight of a mask

always did give me a turn, and to see three of 'em peering at me all at once through that door, nearly ended my mortal life. I

hadn't a sign of a 'no'ready when they asked me to tell 'em where I'd put the silver; a woman couldn't be stubborn long with

three pistols facing her on a background of black masks. They

locked me in when they went out, and 1 slipped the catch on the inside for myself and the babe, for there was no telling when they might come back, and a thief is a scoundrel all through.

"How I got the little one into her night clothes, 1 don't know.

What with the thought of that house, and the silver, and what

BY WAY OF THANKSGIVING. 59

jewelry might be lying loose, all left in my care, and the fear that

Jim might be back any minute, and fall into the hands of them cutthroats, my mind was brimmed to the bursting point. The

Mayvilles'house robbed and Jim maybe murdered, and me sitting there helpless as a kitten! You've seen tigers walk back and

forth in a cage with the look that senses and rages at the hopelessness of escape at the same time? I was like that; and I might

have walked up and down there all night, if it hadn't been for her. "She'd been cooing through it all like a little dove; and when

I put her on the floor to do my frantic promenade, she went creeping about as happy as you please, for the lark with the people all afternoon had put her in a gale of fun. It was her sudden change

to a whimper that brought back my thoughts to her. She had

crept to the door of the inner closet and kept lisping, 'Pone, pone;'and all of a sudden I realized she was asking for the megaphone weM amused her with in that very room, the last time the

Mayvilles had been in the house. They'd used it on the roof to

signal the guests home at meal time from places they'd drove or strolled to, and 'twas kept in the closet there that had an outer door opening handy to the stair leading to the roof.

"My inspiration came like a flash, and in about the time of another one I had that big horn off the shelf and was through the double doors of the closet into the rear passage. I left the baby

still whimpering below, and climbed the stairs in a jiff. With the

thieves shut down there behind big oak doors and thick walls, I knew my voice would carry high over their ears; and I yelled

through that instrument with every lungcell I had pushed into my voice. "'Jim!'I called. If you hear this, come to the edge of the

grove where I can see you against the snow and wave your hat!

Don't come near the house—it's full of thieves. Get the police and

come as quick as you can. I'm locked in my room safe with the

baby, but they've found the silver!'

"Three times I yelled the message into the night air; then

waited—while the baby whimpered louder and louder down

stairs—and I heard what seemed to be a loud rapping on the door

beyond. 60 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

a black spot "At last, after what seemed to be an age—I saw

on the snow near the edge of the grove. The moonlight was so

bright I could easy see the hat waving, and knew Jim had heard.

"I was back down stairs in time to hear the most peculiar kind of profanity ever put into human speech. The thieves hadn't been

able to find out the trick into the panel closet, and had come to fetch me to do the act. I guess they'd been interviewing me on

the subject all the time I was on the roof, for their words implied they had got impatient at my contempt. For all that, I was glad

the baby's lungs had drowned out the sound of my wireless message on the roof.

"They were threatening when f. came down, to break the door

to splinters if I didn't come out; and I knew by the forcible form

of their command that they meant it. I reckoned it would take

Jim at kast twentyfive minutes to get to me with help—and how

to keep the door shit for that long a time was my problem. I had

strong arms, and it was as easy as frying doughnuts to move the chiffonier across the door, and back that with the dresser and bed, but they were three desperate men outside, all used to their work, as I sensed when I heard them picking away at the lock; and when

in a minute I heard the knob fall to the floor, I knew it was just a question now, of muscle against hardwood furniture—and my

heart went to my shoes. I was sitting with baby on the bed to help

weight it, when, presently, I felt it move. For a minute I was

paralyzed; but the baby, bless her—was the one to put wit into my

addled brain as she had before, "Tair!'she gooed, pointing again

to the closet, and at the word I jumped with her through the doors, shutting them after me—and on the attic stair—according to that

infant's sensible suggestion.

"Up I went to the roof, shutting the trapdoor behind me and snapping the iron bolt into the hasp. Then, when I was safe, I

looked out over the fields, and there a mile away came a crowd of horsemen, riding like—comets. The noise down stairs was a

bedlam, so I took the megaphone and called out:

'''Come up the back stair, and you'll catch your men in a trap.

They are in the third room on the left. 'A dozen hats waving told

is it was—had carried; and there I s.ood inme my message—low

the moonlight, and watched the men come nearer and nearer

BY WAY OF THANKSGIVING. 61

while the noise below told me the thieves had found the attic stair, and were on my trail.

"I didn't know how long that little bolt would hold against their blows; but I knew when it gave way there wouldn't be one

chance in ten for me and the babe—especially if all of us were

caught up there together when the trap was sprung from below.

"I guess the surprise of the ambush below saved me; for all at

once I heard the hasp holding the bolt snap—and then a rush of

feet—downward, not I expected, and then such a upward—as

babel below as I never thought could be. When at last a hand

pushed up the trapdoor, the face that looked at me was Jim's, and then I—fainted.

"And that's why we called her Thankful; for if anybody had

cause for special thanks that Thanksgiving day, it was Jim and me -and the baby. As for the Mayvilles—well, as the writerfolks say—"That's another story."

Salt Lake City, Utah.

A PROPHECY AND ITS FULFILMENT.

BY ROBERT PRICE, OF THE LIVERPOOL OFFICE, BRITISH MISSION.

While laboring as a missionary a few months ago in the south of England many things transpired which made me rejoice in the gospel. By invitation from a friend, my companion and I visited

a little fishing village, and whib there met a sister who had joined the Church many years ago, and who is still rejoicing in the Latter-day work, though she has seen few of the eldeis for thirty years. Our visit to her home was very pleasant, and we listened

to her tell of the experiences of Brigham Young, Jr., and other

elders who had preached the gospel in that vicinity in the early days, without money. She told us how they promised her that she

would never want for something to eat, because she was willing to share what little she had with them, and how that promise had 62 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

been fulfiled, even though her husband had been a helpless invalid for many years.

The elders were forced to leave that village, in those days, because of the persecution brought upon them by the influence of a socalled Christian preacher. After meeting, which the elders

had held on the street corner, this gentleman (?) spoke to the

crowd that had gathered. He resorted to ridicule and slander,

which turned the people against them so that they were unable to make any headway in that place; but, before leaving, Elder Young

prophesied that the day would come when this minister's flock would desert him, and would ridicule him as he had ridiculed them.

She had witnessed the fulfilment of this prediction, for the day came when he was considered too old to act as a scriptural expounder, and they turned him out of their church. His wife had

died, and he had no one to look after him, and often his clothes were not as neat and clean as they might have been, with a little attention. Those who had pointed the finger of scorn at the Latter-day Saint elders, with their leader, now made all manner of

sport of him. He died penniless. His last days were spent a few

miles from this village, and when he returned, just before he died, none of his flock would welcome him to their homes.

Such experiences cause me to rejoice that I am faithful in the work of the Lord, and they strengthen my testimony to the inspiration of his servants, but my soul is grieved when I see men oppose that work, today. If they would only take the advice of

Gamaliel of old, how much better it would be for them!

Liverpool, England.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

BY THEIR FRUITS YE SHALL KNOW THEM.

"A handful of corn shall be sown in the earth, even in the top of the mountains, and the fruit thereof shall shake like the trees of Lebanon: and the children shall flourish out of the city

like the grass of the earth."So sang the ancient Psalmist, and

they are prophetic words fulfiled in the history of the Latterday

Saints. "Ye shall know them by their fruits. Do men gather grapes

of thorns 01 figs of thistles? Even so, every good tree bringeth

forth good fruit; but a corrupt tree bringeth forth evil fruit. A

good tree cannot bring forth evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree bring forth good fruit. * * * Wherefore by their

fruits ye shall know them."

The Latterday Saints have been planted by the inspiration of

God, "even in the tops of the mountains."What fruit has the

tree of their planting borne? Is it not good fruit, in very deed?

Surely, also, the children of the Saints have flourished "out of the city like the grass of the earth;"and as surely they have brought

forth good fruit. In temporal, physical, spiritual and moral worth,

they are the peers of any children on earth. The people have

grown to this condition, mark you, by heeding the counsels and teachings of the authorities of the Church, and the policies which they have advocated.

In temporal matters, what do they stand for? For thrift,

honest work, a trusting, living, loving spirituality, and a morality unequalled in any other community elsewhere in the world. They

fully believe that honest work is one of the ways that leads to contentment and happiness in this world. They have been taught to

work, to conquer the deserts and make them yield to the susten64 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ance of man; to delve in the earth for her riches; to seek for

knowledge; and find pleasure in commerce, the professions, and the

arts. Their guiding maxim might have been inspired by the Songs

oj the Toiler:

"Joy to the Toiler!—him that tills

The fields with Plenty crowned;

Him with the woodman's ax that thrills

The wilderness profound. '

Their leaders, inspired of the Lord, have ever taught them industry and frugality, until these are among their chief characteristics. So taught, aided, and inspired, they have hewn their onward way from poverty to plenty. Through diligence and assi

duity, the sage plains have given way to fields and orchards, and the barren hills to bloom. They believe and have demonstrated

that a man "Winding up days with toil and nights with sleep

Hath the forehand and vantage of a king."

Steam plows, modern threshers, scientific irrigation, modern machinery, have been made to serve them, until happy homes, lovely fields, and factories for man's supply, dot the onetime deserts. This people, so temporally blessed, stand for honest selfgovernment, loyalty to our nation, economy, and integrity, as opposed to the rule of evil men, disloyalty, corruption, wastefulness,

and political pollution. Thus have this people grown in temporal

affairs, through the counsels and wise leadership of the authorities of the Church.

Now, in moral affairs, are they not a pure people? Where a

better class or purer than the young men and women of the Church, where they have followed the teachings of the Church? What

other community can say, as the Latterday Saints can truly say, that their sons are as free from vice as their daughters? And

both are sweet, and clean, and pure, honest, and full of integrity.

They are courageous in truth; they are a people behind principle,

standing firm for their convictions, even as a Daniel for his right to worship. Their history verifies this statement. Who will say

that a people who crossed the deserts to conquer a wilderness, under the conditions which the Saints did it, are not a people full of Daniel? The pioneers posof moral courage—even the courage

EDITOR'S TABLE. 65

sessed this courage and faith to an unlimited degree, and their children partake of it. They join in deed with their fathers and

mothers in singing:

Come, come, ye saints, no toil nor labor fear.

But with joy wend your way.

Though hard to you this journey may appear,

Grace shall be as your day.

The Saints have always combatted harmful customs, and bad public opinions. They and their children have stood by the truth—

the eternal truth. To the sacrifice of popularity, they have dared

to stand for the right, for purity of life, for the rearing of families, and the privilege of training their children in the ways of the

Lord.

In spiritual affairs, no people stand higher, nor nearer to the

Almighty and his beloved Son Jesus Christ. Him they worship

and adore; not alone in words, but in works, and by striving to

keep his commandments, and follow his teachings. They recognize that there is no religion above or greater than the truth; and

hence they seek the eternal truth. They love peace and good will.

They believe in and practice love, meekness, humility; and they

confess a living faith in Jesus Christ and in his mission and sacrifice, his resurrection, and passage to gl )ry with the Father, and in life eternal.

These are some of the fruits of the teachings, counsels, and lives of the Latter day Saints and their leaders. As to proof of

the temporal. I need only refer to the conditions, the flourishing

towns, and happy homes around us. They speak for themselves.

As to the moral, the young men and the young women of our community, virtuous, pure, intelligent, honest, full of integrity and achievement, may themselves reply. As to the spiritual, point us

to a people who live nearer to the teachings of our Savior, who revere him more, and who keep his commandments with more enthusiasm, or who are more in harmony with the Divine. How,

then, can the system, or the leaders thereof, be counted evil?

Their fruits have proved to be good, and "by their fruits ye shall know them."

At no time have the leaders cf this people counseled evil; and

it is true that where individuals have heeded the counsels of the 66 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

elders of the Church, such persons have in the end succeeded best, and have recognized the wisdom and justice of their counsels. The

contrary course has universally ended in failure, often in spiritual death, and moral degeneration; while the fruits of obedience to

their counsels are prosperity, spiritual life, moral purity, advancement, contentment, and joy.

Now these are facts. These have been the fruits of "Mormonism,"and the results of following the counsels of the Church

authorities. Why, then, should any young man, or old either, when

malicious falsehood is hurled recklessly at the devoted leaders, doubt their integrity, or disregard their advice. Has not history

proved the servants of the Lord to be honest, just, secure in the right? and their counsels safe guides to the way, ending in ultimate

blessing?

Just now there is a tendency among some of the thoughtless young men to join in or sympathize with the fight against the

Church authorities, waged by the assassins of virtue, the supporters of vice, and riot, and wine and lewd women, gambling, robbery and general corruption. It is a senseless tendency, and they

who follow it will do so to their own destruction.

At the present time we are about to make choice of some political leaders. It is scarcely necessary to say that a man who

has the interest of himself and his people at heart, will choose his friends. Who are our friends? Men who have kept informed

on the trend of affairs in the nation, for the past two years or more, may easily surmise. To vote any other way would be ungracious, against our own best interests, and would show a spirit

of ungratefulness such as this people do not naturally possess.

"Wherefore, by their fruits ye shall know them.

Joseph F. Smith.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

The Kingdom of God.

Will you please state what is meant by the Kingdom of God?

President Wilford Woodruff was asked that same question by an Associated Press reporter, just after an election some years before his death, and in reply he is reported to have said

EDITOR'S TABLE. 67

"It is this: We hold that this Church was set up and organized by command of the Almighty; that it has the right to formulate and maintain rules of church discipline applying to its own

members; that the extent of its punitive powers is the excommunication of the transgressor; that it has no power to punish

anyone by deprivation of life, liberty or property or personal injury in any form; that governments should not regulate the

church, nor the church seek to control the state, that all men should be politically free and equal, free to vote as they please and to sustain what politics they please, so that they do not infringe upon the rights of others. We believe this Church will

prepare the way for the coming of Christ to reign as King, and that this Church will then develop into the Kingdom of God, which all Christians pray will come, that the will of God may be done on earth as it is in heaven. We believe in the full and free agency of

man, and that when that kingdom is established there will be perfect liberty on earth, civil, political and religious."See also an

article by the First Presidency, Era Vol. 7, page 274.

On Blessing Children.

When the Elders bless a child and give it a name, is it proper to mention the surname as well as the given name?

The full name may be mentioned; that is, both the given

name and the surname, when the child is blessed. But this is

not absolutely necessary. But where both are given, there can then

be no miscake about the name of the child. Its whole name is

given; and besides, as soon as the child is blessed, it is the duty

of the parents or its guardian to furnish the clerk of the ward with the date of its birth, names of its parents, etc., so that the record itself will give the whole name of the child, and will be an

evidence in itself of what the child's name is.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

By letter from President Heber J. Grant, the following report of the work

done in the British mission for the month of August is received. The elders are

making splendid headway, and the late visit of President Smith is sure to do a 68 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

world of good to the cause of truth in that mission. The elders are more determined to do their full duty than ever before. While the baptisms for August do

not show the increase in proportion to the other work, yet one must remember that this is a day of warning as well as of conversion. The increased work is very

beneficial to the elders, even if they do not secure many converts.

Work done. Increase over August, 1905.

Tracts 453,985 189,909 Books 13,569 8,556 Gospel conversations 27,576 12,457

Strangers'houses visited 84,936 35,906

Baptisms 30 4

Elder C. H. Davis, president of the East Pennsylvania conference, writes

September 19, that there are now seven elders laboring in Pennsylvania; two

in Camden, N. J.; six in Baltimore, Md.; and two in New York Co, Pa. "All are

working hard, and meet with some opposition in the way of absurd stories about

Utah and her people; but we go ahead and deliver our messages for we know in

whom we trust. There is more real joy in one day in missionary work than in a

whole year in following after the pleasures of this world. If our young men

could realize this, they would save themselves the humiliation of waiting until they are called to proclaim the gospel before making it a study, and they would take advantage of our associations and Sunday schools to learn the principles of the gospel."

The report of the Scandinavian mission for the month of August, shows that there are three conferences in Denmark and three in Norway, with 134 missionaries, 64 in the first country named, and the remainder in Norway. During the

month, the missionaries visited 30,858 homes, and held 6,669 gospel conversations, 426 meetings, ordained seven persons, blessed thirteen children, and baptized twentyseven people. The report of the Swedish mission for August shows that

there are five conferences with 69 missionaries, that 15,519 homes had been visited, 2,008 gospel conversations held, and 240 meetings; one ordained, two children blessed, and fourteen persons baptized.

The report of the elders of the Northern States Mission, for the month ending

September 30, 1906, as kindly given to the Era by President German E. Ellsworth, shows that there are 132 elders in the eight conferences of that mission;

during the month of September the elders sold 669 "Books of Mormon;"visited

25,958 homes; and revisited 6,739. They held 39,309 conversations, spending

8,735 hours in so doing. They distributed 48,898 tracts, and spent 11,064 hours

in that work. They loaned 341 books and sold 2,742. They held 214 meetings

in halls, and 428 cottage meetings, and 581 openair meetings. There were 13

baptisms and 15 children blessed, during the month.

Elder J. 0. Sampson of Marysville, Calif., writes October 15, that he finds

the Era a great help to him. His wife and he are the only Latterday Saints in

that place. There are some very good people who are honest, pure, and in full

EDITOR'S TABLE. 69

meaning search for the word of truth; but there are many others who follow the

evil way. "This city was named in honor of one of the members of the illfated

Donner party, whose name was Miss Mary Murphy at that time; but who later became Mrs. Mary M. Corilland. Her nephew is in the postofiice here as assistant

postmaster. I hope that I may be able to turn a few honest s juls to the everlasting gospel, and I wish you success in your calling. - '

Elders D. N. Hulsa, L. D. McBride, W. C. Smith, and T. L. VanNoy write to

the Era under date of October 13, from Toronto, Canada: "On September 23rd

President John G. McQuarrie visited Toronto, Canada, and held a conference with

the elders, Saints, and friends of this vicinity, the first ever held in Toronto. We

have heretofore visited Albany, New York, in conference; but were this time

pleased with the privilege of meeting in a conference gathering with the people where wo labor. We held three hall, and two street, meetings which were well

attended. We believe much good was accomplished in awakening an interest

among the people for the great Latterday work. A Sunday school was organized

here, and we feel that there will be a greater interest shown in the work in the future. The Era assists us in advocating the truths contained in the gospel, and

contains many gems of knowledge."

President Alex. Nibley of the Netherlands mission writes, Sept. 14: Last

month the elders in this mission distributed 37,546 tracts, which exceeds any"thing that has hitherto been accomplished in these fields. There are 34 elders at

work, so this means an average of 822 tracts per elder. This year we have put

out over 202,000 tracts, which is an increase of about 40,000 over the whole of last year. This can be accounted for from the fact that we now have Elder Chas.

W. Penrose's Rays of Living Light, in Dutch, and have already distributed about

six ton of them. You can see by this that England is not the only country in which

Brother Penrose is doing a wonderful missionary work. The elders disposed of

2,811 books last month, an increase of 1,762 over July, and July was about 500 books ahead of anything we had ever before done in the mission. What swelled

our book record was getting out President Ben E. Rich's Friendly Discussion

in Dutch. These little pamphlets are going like hot cakes, and are a splendid

thing for this part of the world. We are baptizing right along in all the conferences, and each branch in the mission is growing. We are also having the Rays

translated into French, and this will give the elders in Belgium what they have long been in need of, some good Church literature. Our Sunday schools are all in fine

condition. In three schools in the Rotterdam conference there are 114 "Mormon"

children enrolled, and 104 non- "Mormons. "This does not include the Rotterdam school which has an enrollment of about 180 pupils. The Era is regularly

received and greatly appreciated by all the elders. We thank you for it.

IN LIGHTER MOOD.

The late William M. Evarts used to tell a good story about himself. Whilehe was in the United States senate, his wife and children were in their mountain

home in Vermont. One of the latter was looking out of the window thinking of

her father and wishing that she could see him, when a donkey in a contiguous pasture came to the fence, poked his head over the top rail, and brayed most dolefully. The child wiped a few lonesome tears from her eyes and then called to

the donkey: "Never mind! Don't be lonesome, for papa will be home Saturday

evening."

Once upon a time an Arab went to his neighbor, and said, ''Lend me your rope.""I can't,"said the neighbor.

"Why can't you?"

''Because I want to use the rope myself. '

"What do you want to do with it?"the borrower persisted.

"I want to tie up five cubic feet of water with it,"was the reply.

"How on earth,"the other sneered, "can you tie up water with a rope?"

"My friend,"said the neighbor, "Allah is great, and he permits us to do strange things with a rope when we don't want to lend it."

When Simeon Ford, the witty afterdinner speaker, returned recently from

Europe, he was met at the wharf, as usual, by a group of newspaper reporters.

When rallied upon his golfing, and especially his muttoneating, in Scotland, he let the reporters account for it in their own way. What they said was various and

funny, and it made readable copy.

Not long afterwards, however, when Mr. Ford arrived at his hotel, Joel Benton, one of his guests, told him that the reporters had not really explained his

ravenous fondness of mutton. Of course, if there was a new reason for such an

appetite Mr. Ford was eager to know it.

"Why,"said Benton, "the reason is that which was once given by a Dutchman: you ate mutton because it was sheep, and you didn't eat venison because it

was deer. '

They are laughing in Washington over a rebuke that a sentry of one of the departments administered recently to the Russian abassador's coachman. The

coachman, it appears, wanted to drive his master's carriage along a roadway that for some reason was barred. When the sentry refused to let the carriage pass,

the coachman remonstrated.

"I drive,"he said, "ze Russian minister."

''I can't help it,"returned the sentry.

IN LIGHTER MOOD. 71

"Let me t'rough,"persisted the coachman. "My master is le Count Cassini,

ze ambassador extraordinary and minister plenipotentiary of ze Czar of all ze

Russias. '"Frenchy, "said the sentry, "I wouldn't let you through even if your master was a freeborn American citizen."

Illustrative of "that troublesome flenglish haitch"an American traveler relates the following:

Once I dined with an English farmer. We had ham—very delicious baked

ham. The farmer's son soon finished his portion and passed Mb plate again.

"More 'am, father,"he said.

The farmer frowned.

"Don't say 'am, son. Say 'am."

''I did say 'am,"the lad protested in an injured tone.

"You said 'am,"cried the father fiercely. "'Am's wbat it should be. 'Am,

not 'am."In the middle of the squabble the farmer's wife turned to me and, with a deprecatory little laugh, explained "They both think they're sayin''am, sir."

A little girl from an East End slum was invited with others to a charity dinner given at a great house in the West End of London. In the course of the

meal the little maiden startled her hostess by propounding the query: "Does your

husband drink?""Why, no,"replied the astonished lady of the house. After

a moment's pause the miniature querist proceeded with the equally bewildering questions: "How much coal do you burn? What is your husband's salary? Has

he any bad habits?"By this time the presiding genius of the table felt called upon

to ask her humble guest what made her ask such strange questions. "Well,"

was the innocent reply, "mother told me to behave like a lady, and when ladies call at our house they always ask mother those questions.

A young clerk grown up in the employ of a prosperous German grocer was.

by reason of his ability and knowledge of all the details, virtually entrusted with the management of the business, and, although given frequent advances of salary, began to feel that his services were absolutely indispensable, and not properly appreciated from a money point of view. He laid the matter before hi3 employer,

placing particular stress on what a difficult matter it would be to operate the business without him. This claim was admitted by the employer, who enquired further.

"But, Chon, vat if you should die?"

"Oh, then you would have to get along without me,"remarked John.

After"a few minutes'deep thought the employer looked up at John and said "Veil, Chon, chust gonsider yourself deat."

OUR WORK.

NOTES.

On Sunday evening, September 23, a number of important changes were made in the Cannon ward M. I. A. by Bishop Lewis T. Cannon, assisted by Stake Superintendent E. H. Eardley. Martin Anderson was chosen and set apart as president

of the M. I. A. and James Wells was set apart as secretary and treasurer of the

Pioneer Stake Y. M. M. I. A.

At the stake quarterly conference of Box Elder, on Sunday. September 9,

James P. Olsen was set apart as second assistant superintendent Y. M. M. I. A.,

in place of George W. Watkins, who has been called as a member of the First

ward bishopric. At the convention, held on Sunday, September 23, Hyrum Perry

was selected as aid in the stake board. The stake secretary, George L. Zundell

writes: It is the unanimous voice of all our workers that our recent convention

was the most successful convention ever held in Box Elder. In losing Brother

Watkins from our ranks we feel that a good worker has been taken from us. We

have already eightyfour Eka subscribers to Volume X, the Third ward having obtained eighty. Their quota is thirtysix.

Secretary G. N. Curtis, of the Northern States Mission, writes from Chicago,

under date of October 10: The Y. M. M. I. A. of the Chicago branch was organized

during the past week and had its first meeting last night. We had a very large

attendance for the opening night, and look forward with interest to the study of the

Manual. We have an excellent boly of students here, and they are a great help

to the local brethren. We are thankful to them for their assistance; and as a

band of workers, we are indeed proud of them. Brother Samuel Thatcher was

chosen president, with Brothers L. A. Ramsay and Israel Stewart as counselors.

Luther Dennison, one of our local brethren, was chosen secretary of the Mutual.

Last year the association had a very successful year, and the officers chosen for the coming year predict a bright future for the Mutual work in this part of the

Lord's vineyard. All the elders are more than pleased with the Era, and await

its arrival as eagerly as the arrival of a letter from home.

On Sunday, September 2, the following M. I. A officers were selected for

the associations of Logan: 1st ward, Joel Ricks, president, John H. Wilson,

Heber Maughan, counselors, and Will Morrell, secretary. Second Ward: W. G.

Morrell, president, W. W. Hall and L. W. Hatch, counselors, and W. R. Worley,

OUR WORK. 73

secretary. Seventh Ward: A. G. Lundstrom, president N. P. Nielsen and N. P.

Anderson, counselors, and Hyrum Hansen, secretary. Fourth Ward: J. S. Campbell, president, W. M. Evarton and Ole Sonne, counselors, and Alma Sonne, secretary. In the fifth ward the old officers were sustained for the new year's work.

At the M. I. A. convention of Cache stake, held at Logan, September 23,

the resignation of Superintendent Hirschel Bullen, who has occupied that position for some years, was accepted, and a reorganization of the stake officers of that stake was completed as follows:

A. E. Cranney, superintendent; Hopkin D. Campbell, first assistant; Fred

Scholes, second assistant; L. C. Farr, Jr., secretary; Walter M. Jenkins, assistant secretary; Noah Larsen, treasurer; C. V. Hansen, librarian; Charles McNeill,

chorister.

MONTHLY REPORTS.

The attention of the stake superintendents of the Y. M. M. I. A. is called to

the blank reports recently mailed them by the General Secretary, which they have doubtless distributed to their ward presidents. It is important that they call the

attention of the ward presidents to the necessity of filling these out promptly on the first of each month, and returning them to the stake superintendents, giving the condition of the associations, in accordance with those blanks. The stake

superintendents are requested to forward a condensed report on one of the same blanks to the General Secretary, as soon as the reports from his stake are gathered. In this way the stake officers, as well as the General Board, will be informed of the condition of the work as it progresses, instead of waiting until the

end of the season; and remedies may be applied where the work is lagging.

THE SENIOR MANUAL.

The first numbers of the Senior Manual were delivered to the General Office as late as the 4th of October, at which time a large number of orders were ready and on hand to be filled, the delivery of the Manual has been very slow during the month, owing to a lack of workmen in the bindery, and this has caused a delay, which we very much regret, in the distribution of Manuals to some of the associations. However, the orders can now be filled, and those who are riot yet

supplied with Senior Manuals will kindly send their orders immediately, and they will have attention, in their turn as soon as possible. Orders for the Junior Manual can be filled on day of arrival.

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Peach Day.- One of the important days for Box Elder County, established

within the past few years, is peach day. This year it was celebrated on the 19th

of September, and Box Elder County, and Brigham City, did themselves proud on this occasion. Over eight hundred cases of peaches out the thousand that had

been provided by the Commercial Club were eaten by the visitors during the day.

Trains carrying people from the North, the West, and the South, arrived during the morning hours. Fifteen carloads of passengers arrived from Salt Lake City

at 10:30 a. m. The exercises included band music, an address of welcome by

Mayor Hoist of Brigham, an open air concert at the courthouse lawn, by the Brigham City Military Band, a concert in the tabernacle, a dance in the Academy, and a show at the Opera house, with other smaller attractions. The day was a grand

success. At the general semiannual conference Elder Rudger Clawson stated

that there are 700 families in Brigham City; that during this season 105 carloads

of peaches were shipped out of Brigham City alone, from which over $100,000 were realized. It gave employment to many, and during the few weeks of the

peach season, the children did work enough to earn $1,200. Considering the

former banenness of that place, and that it is only one in many of like character in this region, surely the marvelous prophecy of Isaiah is fulfilled: "The Lord shall

comfort Zion: he will comfort all her waste places; and he will make her wilderness like Eden, and her desert like the garden of the Lord; joy and gladness shall

be found therein, thanksgiving and the voice of melody. '

Cuban Affairs.—All the efforts of Secretary Taft to restore peace by agreement between the contending Cuban forces proved futile. It became apparent on

September 25, that the government and the Moderates intended by abdication to force intervention, and on the 26th President Palma informed Secretary Taft that his decision to resign was irrevocable, as he regarded the terms which the Comall officers elected inmission (Taft and Bacon) had proposed—the resignation of

1905, except President Palma, and that new elections be held January 1, 1907 as "contrary to his personal dignity and to the prestige of the government."The

Cuban congress took a recess to await the Commission's report. When Congress

reassembled there was no quorum, as the Moderates refused to attend. And so it

was impossible to elect ony one to succeed Palma, whereupon it became necessary

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 76

for Secretary Taft to take control, which he did by establishing a provisional government in Cuba, Sept. 29th. He established a disarmament commission, with

General Funston at its head; released 70 political prisoners; offered President

Palma a warship to get out of the country on, which the retiring president courteously declined; retained the Cuban flag, which made a good impression. HiB

proclamation as provisional governor of Cuba declares that the provisional government would be maintained only long enough to "restore order, peace and public confidence, by direction of and in the name of the President of the United States, and then to hold such elections as may be necessary to determine those persons upon whom the permanent government of the republic should be devolved."The

people generally seemed to regard the new government with confidence. Secretary

William H. Taft returned to the United States October 13, and the new Provisional Governor is Charles E. Magoon who assumed control that day. Several

thousand U. S. soldiers and marines have been landed and will remain until order

and public confidence are restored; when that time will come can not even be guessed,

until after the new elections, which will, perhaps, decide whether there shall be lasting peace in the island, or whether the trouble will end in the eventual acquisition of Cuba by this country. In the meantime, Cuba has one more opportunity

to practice selfrestraint, and, through the unusual and unprecedented action of the United States, has one more chance to enjoy independence.

Sunday in France.—France is a headstrong nation, bent seemingly upon

having its own way for the way's sake. In the beginning God rested upon the

Sabbath day and hallowed it, and later commanded all men to observe it; but

France long ago abandoned that idea, and, as in many other Christian nations, turned the day over to pleasure and business. The Socialists, however, recognizing the need of one day in seven for rest, agitated for years, a compulsory weekday rest law, which was finally passed bv parliament, and went into effect September 1. The motive behind the law is not religious but social. Ordinarily the

rest day will be on Sunday, but it is said that large employers may make arrangements by which their employes will be given a day off in rotation, in order that it will not be necessary to suspend business on Sunday—the day when it should be

suspended as far as possible.

Church Affairs in France.—A council of French bishops recently adopted

a letter to the Catholics of France which was approved by the Pope, and read in all the Catholic churches of France September 23. The letter declares against

compliance with the recently passed law separating church and state, on the ground tha f< the Pope has not been consulted regarding the abrogation of the Concordat between France and the Vatican, and he could not therefore recognized the proposed reorganization of the French church. The clergy will now await the action

of the government, and not leave their churches until requested to do so by the

local authorities.

Secretary Root's Tour of South America.—On September 21, Secretary

Root arrived at Panama on his return from an extended tour of the South

American Republics. He made the tour with a view to cultivating friendly rela76 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tions between our country and the governments of South America; and also to

remove the distrust that seems to have been entertained in some quarters of the intentions and policy of the government of the United States. Secretary Root

was. everywhere cordially, even enthusiastically, received, and it is the generally

accepted opinion that he was remarkably successful in his mission of conciliation.

His tour, also, has opened the eyes of this country to the wealth and importance of the South American states, and to the desirability of cultivating more friendly commercial relations with our neighbors on the south.

To Visit the Missions.—Announcement was made in the Deseret News,

Saturday, October 13, that the members of the council of Twelve Apostles and

Presidents of Seventies had been assigned to visit the different missions of the

United States, attend conferences, and give instructions to members of the Church, preach the gospel, and inquire into and assist in regulating such affairs as may be necessary. The work will probably cover a period of several months and is evidenly in conformity with the policy adopted by President Lorenzo Snow before his

death, to place the responsibility of the stakes upon the stake presidents, and permit the apostles and leading seventies to go out into the world and preaoh the gospel. Elder B. H. Roberts left for the East on Wednesday, October 17, having

just returned from a mission to Arizona and Mexico, in the interest of the Y. M.

M. 1. A. and the Seventies; Elders Hyrum M. Smith and Geo. F. Richards have

left for the western states, Elder George Albert Smith has gone east, and Elder

Chas. H. Hart will visit the Central states mission.

County Fairs.—This year the D. A. & M. Society held no state fair; but

several county fairs were held throughout the state. In Ogden, in the latter part

of September, the Inter Mountain Fair was held which closed on the 22nd day of

September. It was a grand success in almost every detail. There was an excellent exhibit of livestock and fruit. During the early days of October, closing

Saturday October 6, a county fair was held at Lagoon, Davis Co., at which a

splendid exhibit of fruit of all kinds was made. Large numbers of people attended,

and it was a great success. On September 19, 20, 21, a county fair was held in

Cedar City, Iron county, which was as creditable as it was successful.

New Cashier.—On the 1st of October, Geo. M. Cannon, who has for many

years acted as cashier of the Zion's Savings Bank and Trust Co., closed his business

relations with that bank, to enter business as manager of the Geo. M. Cannon Co.

He was succeeded by Ovando C. Beebee, who has for the past five years served as

National Bank examiner for the Congressional district of Utah and Wyoming. Mr.

Beebee was formerly connected with the bank, having served therein for over twelve years, in various capacities, working his way from collector and messenger, in the bank's service. During the incumbency of Mr. Cannon the bank has grown

to immense proportions, its deposits having grown from one million, in 1895, to nearly five millions in 1906, and we have no doubt his successor, with his ability and standing, will aid the bank to continue to grow in power and importance in the financial world during his administration.

h VENTS AND COMMENTS. 77

Ecclesiastical Changes.—On the 16th of September, at a ward conference

held at Moore, Idaho, in the Lost River valley, the Lost River branch waa organized into a ward, with Andrew C. Jensen, Jr., bishop. All the auxiliary organzations were also organized, and a complete ward organization effected.

New European Church Headquarters—On Saturday, October 13, official

announcement was made by the Church au'horities, that the Church is to have a new and permanent headquarters of modern and capacious character, in England.

During the recent visit of President Joseph F. Smith to England, negotiations

were closed, which had theretofore been carried on by President Heber J. Grant

of the European mission, by which a valuable site, with fine residence, and ground enough on which to erect a church building, was purchased in Liverpool. The

price involved in the transaction is not given; but the property is known as Durham House, No. 295 Edge Lane, Liverpool. The size of the ground is 227 by

87 ft. President Smith regards the property with much favor. The principal

building which it now contains is a threestory residence which will be suitable for headquarters, meetings, printing establishment, and other necessary rooms for the labors of the headquarters of the European mission. Proper title has been

obtained, and the change from Holly Road will soon be made.

Died.—In Ogden, Saturday, September 1, Joseph Hall, pioneer of Weber

Co., born in Birmingham, England, August 6, 1825, baptized December 25, 1841,

came to Utah in 1855. He was postmaster of Ogden for four years; was chaplain

of the lower house of the Utah legislature, in 1886, and held many other civil and ecclesiastical positions, being also connected with the newspaper business in Ogden.

—In Provo, same date, Isaac Riddle, born Kentucky, March 22, 1830, came to

Utah in 1849, settling first in North Ogden, later in Beaver, and came to Provo in 1897, where he since resided.—In Salt Lake City, same date, Mrs. Mary Ann

Taylor Edward, born England, September 17, 1845,.ioined the church in South

Africa, and came to Utah September 2, 1863.—In Manassa, Colo., the same date,

John C. Dalton, born Utah, Jan. 9, 1856, a pioneer and explorer of the San Juan

country, bishop of Manassa for 13 years.—In Salt Lake, Wednesday, September 5,

Agnes Cross Douglas, born Ireland April 6, 1818, joined the church in 1842, and came to Utah September 23, 1848.—In Wilford, Fremont Co., Idaho, same date,

Mrs. Sarah Ann Fewks Allen, born Leicestershire, England, April 9, 1868, came

to Utah in 1882, resided at Heber, Coalville, and since 1900 in Wilford.—In Salt

Lake City, Saturday. 8th, Eliza Sadler, born England, July 26, 1818, came to

America in 1856, and arrived in Salt Lake City September 16, 1859.—In Salt

Lake City, same date, Mrs. Lois Horsley, wife of Harry Horsley, born England,

and emigrated to Utah in 1860, crossing the plains with a Hand Cart Company.

In South Bountiful, same date, Patriarch Oren Hatch, born New York, May 9, 1830, enlisted in the "Mormon"battalion, July 1846, being the youngest member of that famous organization. He came to Utah with his family in 1849. He leaves

111 grandchildren, 18 greatgrandchildren, bringing the total membership of hi family to 150, most of whom it was his privilege to bless since he was ordained patriarch some five years ago.- -In Springville, Tuesday, 11th, Mrs. John M. Cle78 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ments, born England, December 21, 1828, came to Utah in 1854.—On the same

date, in the same place, Jacob W. McCurdy, born New Jersey, 1818, and came to

Utah in 1853.—In Provo, Thursday, September 13, David Van Wagenen, born,

New Jersey, 69 years ago, came to Utah in 1852, and located at Provo, and later in Midway, where he was bishop for 17 years. He returned to Provo in 1897.

In Kaysville, Thursday, September 13, Sarah B. JLayton, wife of the late President

Christopher Layton, and for nearly thirty years head of the Relief society in

Kaysville, horn England, July 1, 1826. She joined the Church in the early '40s,

and emigrated to America in 1850.—In Provo, Friday, September 21, Hannah

Maria Libbey Smith, foster mother and only mother in fact that Apostle John

Henry Smith knew, a noble woman and widely beloved, born in New Hampshire,

June 29, 1823, joined the Church 1844.—In Prove, Saturday, 22, Isabella Knight,

wife of Raymond Knight, Raymond, Canada.—In Salt Lake City, 23rd, Sarah

Unger, a native of South Wales, Great Britain, and among the first of the Welsh people to identify herself with the Church. She died in her 84th year.—In Salt

Lake City, Monday, September 24, Sarah A. Daft, age 78, one of the wealthiest

and best known women of Salt Lake City, a pioneer of 1856. She was a heavy

stockholder in the Independent Tel. Co.,. and owned considerable real estate in

the city.

Death of President Charles O. Card.—In Logan, September 9, Chas.

Ora Card died; he was an active Church worker and pioneer of Canada, born in

New York, November 5, 1839, joined the Church in 1856, and came to Utah the same year. He was a pioneer of Cache in 1859, was a counselor to President

Wm. B. Preston from 1879 to 1884, when he was made president of the Cache

stake which position he filled until 1890. He superintended the construction of

the Logan temple and tabernacle, and was engaged in various business enterprises, saw mills, flourmills, and building companies. He founded the "Mormon"colonies in Canada in 1887, remaining at the head of affairs there until three years

ago when he was honorably released on account of failing health. He was a faithful member of the Church, and his was a brilliant and honored career. Memoria

services were held in Cardston, Canada, on September 16, in all of the wards of that stake, with a view to impress in the hearts of the people the memory of so good and sincere a man who worked with untiring zeal and without rest to see

Zion grow and increase in good works. At his funeral in Logan there were present

many of the Church authorities; and the people generally paid loving respect to

his memory.

tickets Political Leaders.—The following are nominations for leaders on the

of three political organizations

Republican State Ticket: For Congressman, Jos. Howell; for Justice of the

Supreme Court, Jos. E.. Frick.

Democratic State Ticket: For Congressman, Orlando W. Powers; for Justice

of the Supreme Court, J. W. N. Whitecotton.

"American"State Ticket: For Representative to Congress, Thos. Weir; for

Justice of the Supreme Court, Thomas Maioney.

'EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 79

A Merry "Lark."—A number of Harvard students had a merry "lark"

with a policeman on Boston Common, a few days ago—at least they thought it

was merry while it lasted. The policeman, however, was badly hurt, being struck

by some of the boys. The incident got into the papers, and also that Theodore

Roosevelt, Jr., and his roommate, both freshmen, were in it. As soon as the

President saw the news in the papers, he sent for Theodore, Jr., to came to Washington, as the papers put it, "for parental advice."The young man rode to

Washington in a much more sober mood than he was in ou "lark"day, and the way seemed long from Boston to the Capital. What was the advice that father

gave him? It wa3 private, and the President's secretary will not give it to the

public, but if he would it would make mighty refreshing reading. The following

interesting talk, or something like it, however, is what the New York Independent presumes he gave the boy:

My son, what means all this noise in the papers about your taking part in a rowdy fight with officers of the law on Boston Common? Is it true that you, supposed to be a decent young gentleman, son of a gentleman, have been engaged in

this brutal, vulgar, unlawful fight? Is this what you went to college for? Have

you lost the inheritance of honorable Christian instincts? Don't you know that

such conduct is not merely vulgar, but wrong? When men of the humblest ranks

of life are set to keep the peace, do you join those that break the peace and fight the law? Is it gentlemanly, is it right, to beat thj officers of law, like the most

lowlived denizens of the dives? Is that the way to get the"university training

which will make you fit to become a useful citizen, to deserve well of the State and to rule men?

My son, did you forget who your father is? Don't you know that when you

hold his name you also hold to a considerable degree his honor in your keeping?

Your father, Theodore, has been chosen by the people to represent the right and might of law. His business is to execute law. What will the people think of the

man who cannot teach his own eldest son to obey the law? My dear sop Theodore,

I was at the head of the police system in New York City. It was my business to

support the honor and authority of the officers of law, such men as you defied and attacked; and is this the sort of lesson you have learnt of me? And your father

now represents the impartial exercise of law all over this mighty nation, that even justice which allows no guilty man to escape; can you expect to escape? It may

be that you have put yourself and your father's name into the clutches of the law.

You may be arrested; you may be imprisoned, drest in prison clothes and set to

break stone. That is the kind of medicine the Government I rule over provides for

those who break the peace and break heads. You ought to be ashamed of yourself.

If you had no respect for yourself, you ought at least to have had some respect for your father and your father's office. Theodore, your father is ashamed of you,

and he loves you enough to tell you so. Now go back to Cambridge, tell the whole

truth, and if you must suffer for it, suffer at least honestly, even tho in the meantime you lose your rank as a gentleman; and let this be a sad and useful lesson to

you for all your life.

This little talk will serve for many a boy whose father is not the President of the United States, but whose love of law and order, nevertheless, is quite as great;

and whose jealousy of his honor and good name is just as keen.

Race Riots in the South—Georgia and the South have lately suffered

from the prevalence of lynch law in a race war, in which many negroes have been killed by the whites. The newspapers have contained sensational statements sug80 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

gesting lawlessness and promoting the formation of mobs. The difficulty has

spread to such an extent that the negroes are fearfully alarmed, and the lawlessness, lynching, and other killing is something almost unprecedented, even in the history of the Suth. Bishop Walters of the African Methodist Episcopal Zion

Church, at Louisville, on the 2nd of October issued an address calling upon all the negroes of the country to observe Sunday, the 7th of October, as a day of prayer;

and in his communication to the press of the country he said, ''In the name of humanity, help us to find some Harrison, Sumner or Lincoln, who will fight squarely for human rights in these days of lawlessness."Senator Tillman, in a public

address in Augusta, Ga., on the 7th of October, predicted many bloody race riots

in the near future. Lynching had failed, he said, and he suggested that negroes

should be controlled by a system of passports; the proper place for depraved negroes was in the North; if they remained in the South those that could not produce

passports should be placed in chaingangs. In conclusion he remarked that Southern

whites should ''go ahead and do what they believe to be right, regardless of all the

Yankees between Cape Cod and Hell."

Destructive East Wind.—A hurricane, one of those oldtime, threeday

east winds, swept over the Salt Lake Valley on Saturday night and Sunday morning, October 20 and 21, which did great damage to property. Trees were uprooted, houses unroofed, chimneys and outbuildings blown down, hay stacks blown

away, and barns and other buildings demolished. Two men were seriously injured

in Salt Lake City, and inOgden one man was killed, also one in Murray. Telephone

and telegraph lines were torn down, street car and railroad service was stopped, and the electric lights were put out of commission. The wind reached a velocity

of. 52 miles an hour, and lasted for several hours at nearly that velocity. The

damage is very heavy, amounting in Ogden alone, where the force of the storm was most severe, it is estimated at $200,000, at which rate a half a million dollars would be a low estimate of the total loss. Snow fell before the storm, in the

mountains, and in Colorado and Wyoming there were raging blizzards.

The Scandal of Criminal Journalism.—The editor of the Independent,

New York, must have visited Salt Lake City recently. At least, that would be

the inference from a recent editorial in that splendid weekly, under the above heading. Here is a paragraph:

The scandal of a great deal of our American journalism has become too grievous to be borne tamely much longer. Neither the reputation of worthy men

nor the virtue of pure women is any longer safe from the bloodhounds cf a gang of newspaper thugs, fully half of whom pose as philanthropists. As observers of

what is doing round about us, we are looking to see what will happen when one of these beasts of prey inadvertently attacks the home of a person unexpectedly powerful, with good tiger fighting blood in him, who will turn and take the bloodhound by the throat. The thing is bound to happen as surely as the world turn*

round. Tbe sooner the better.

AA A a A iiiiiiiiiiiiiiilliiiJ. B. Robbins, A. C. Keeley, R. Dumbeck A,

S. L Bird, Managtr. S. B. Robbins

CREAM I ALBERT S. REISER

SHIPPED EVERYWHERE. JEWELER

Salt Lake City, Utah. %Keeley Tee Cream

Choice line of

| WITCHES, Wholesale and Retail Makers of

X DIAMONDS, JEWELRY, Pure Ice Cream, Sherbets, CUT GLASS.

Water Ices, SILYERWARE, Fancy Bricks, OPTICAL GOODS.?

Frozen Puddings, Punches, Etc. Fine Watch and Jewelry Repairing '

Factory and Office, 26 Richards St. * * Mail orders solicited.

Bell Telephone 2640 k. I

Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

Salt Lake City, Utah.

Send for Manuals Now!

is a study of "Modem The Senior Manual

Revelation"and the Message of the Doctrine and

Covenants, by Dr. John A. Widtsoe.

is a study of The Life The Junior Manual of Christ,"by the Manual Committee Y. M. M. I. A.

Subscribe this year for THE ERA and you get a

Manual FREE. The ERA makes a book of iooo

pages of good reading.

Address: EDWARD H. ANDERSON, General Secretary,

21416 Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, pi ease mention the ERA.)

Fergus Coalter Music Company.

NEXT DOOR Z.C MA. from $-0. Organs from $175. Pianos.,. SaltLake City -- -irwaans.vJwWrMr;rw.- ftwffliffiffWiqwmMM-,,—-. FREE B'fcT-<wHiwmwwTJMWn COMPLETE CATALOGUE

of 10.000 pieces Sheet 39 Main St copy. FERGUS COALTER 10 cents per usicat

* THE,*

Denver & Rio Grande

Best Local Tra: n Service in Utah.

From ten to forty minutes the fastest line between Ogden, Salt Lake City, Lehi, American Fork, Provo, Mammoth, Eureka and all points in Sanpete, Sevier and south.

3 FAST TRAINS DAILY to all Eastern points, with through sleeping and dining cars to Denver, Omaha,

Kansas City, St. Louis and Chicago.

MAGNIFICENT SCENERY EN ROUTE, jtjiji

For Rates, etc, 'enquire of Local Agent ct write————>.

I. A. BENTON,

General Agent, Salt Lake City.

Oreor; Sfyort Cipe Railroad

i Operating 1368 Miles of Railroad through the thriving States of

DTAH, IDAHO, WYOMING, OREGON and MONTANA.

THE ONLY ROKD To BUTTE, HELENA, PORTLAND, and the NORTH PACIFIC COAST

SEVEN DAILY TRAINS BETWEEN SALT LAKE CITY AND OGDEN

DAILY TRAINS EAST4 4 qty SkKet Office, ffo. 201 (T\air; Street, Salt Calfe gty.

D. B. BDRtiBIT, Gewi. Pass. Ag't D. S. SPENCER, Ass't Gen Pass Ag't.

W. H. BANCROFT, VicePrest. and Gen. Mgr.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

NEWEST THING IN HEATERS -ATDINWOODEY'S

It is called the "Resolute Universal."It

is a hot blast stove with a patent ash box which fits over the ash door in such a way that ashes can be removed without dust or

dirt.

Handsomely Trimmed with nickle.

Sold from $11.50 UP. ASH BOX REsm>

ARTIFICIAL REFRIGERATION AT MARKET AND SLAUGHTER HOUSE

Palace Meat Market THOS. J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH, POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON

in the We carry the largest supply of any market west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer.

BOTH PHONFS

263265 South Main Salt Lake City, Utah

(When writing to Advertisers, pi ease mention the Era.)

''- *"frfrM-M"l"M"M I.M"M I 1 I 'M M,. -H-H-K-M-;-M"M"M"M"! l"H"H"M-H

Wre You Get the Best. Z.C.MI.1 Z.C.M.I.

Fall and Winter Clothing*

Each Suit has that touch of style and correctness that one appreciates, and for good wear you cannot be better served. Exclusive and becoming styles in

the very latest fabrics.

:::: Price range $10 to $40.

Our stock of Top Coats, "Shapely"Overcoats, and

Cravenettes is now complete, and you will find them very appropriate for cool evenings.

uum&<mffl&7i

OUR DRUG STORE IS AT 112114 MAIN STREET:

. l: IlIln Ml l I I I I l ln II I MI2 I, 1, l,j.. l. l HHx-.M.

X Cldvoon-; most wonderful inven- f THE

* tion of the present age. j| i; PHflUfif*PHPI# OwWV/WfTArn

! The Acme of Realism. Prices now within the reach of \ \

!! A all. Machines from $10.00 to ]|

]| |; JF"$50.00. Records 35c. each.

. LWKINSrORTHEBANO.''EveT? hme Sll01lld haVe a j| S

'\ dm jfjtjih Vl Phonograph. You can always

entertain your company with BM9<W USA call for |j K,\a3L /S an Edison. Write or

Everything known in Music.

jJH*

1 CLAYTON MUSIC CO.,

:: Leading Music Dealers. 109-1 1-13 So. Main.!|:

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)