/-I AJk

Organ of -the Seventies andtheyouno Mens

Mutual Improvement Associations

Vol. XI. OCTOBER, 1908. No. 12.

Published Monthly at Salt Lake City by the General Board $2.00 PER ANNUM

KNIT GOODS: CLOTHING:

Lisle, Best Men's, Youth's, Cotton, Best Cutler Bros. Co. Bov's

Best Fleeced* Main St., SALT LAKE CITY Order by Mail.

I. B. Robbins. A. C. Keeley, R. Dumbeck

h L. Bird. Manager. S. B. Robbins

Cream Shipped everywhere KEELEY ICE CREAM COMPANY

Wholesale and Retail Makers of

Pure Ice Cream, Sherbets, Water Ices, Before tbe Smoke Clears flway Fancy Bricks,

On your firestricken shop, factory,office Frozen Puddings, or store, you can resume business if insured with us. No long unnecessary Punches, Etc.

delays in adjusting, no haggling over terms; but prompt payment of losses HIGH GRADE CANDIES

every time. It's to our interest to get

you set up in business again—we can Delivered to Any Part of the City

insure you again.

Pactory and Office, 26o Stat* St.

Home Fire Insurance Company of Utah Both Phones 3223 Prompt Service,

HEBER J. GRANT & Co., General Agts. Salt Lake City. Utah.

2026 South Main St., Salt Lake City, Utah

Both Phones 351.

J.S.JENSEN&SONS Jos* Wm. Taylor JEWELERS

, Utah's Leading Undertaker 53 S. Main St., Salt Lake City

and Licensed Embalmer.

Missionaries'Watches at reduced

Chapel, Private Fine Funeral Parler, prices. Wedding Rings, Diamonds and Morgue. Show Rooms Silverware. Repairing. All work

OitJ.ob Open Dat and Night guaranteed.

21, 18, 25 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE ST. Have your eyes examined by

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH. our reliable optician,

H. O. JENSEN,

Eyesigh Specialist Mail Orders Promptly Attended To.

ESTABLISHED 1889.

UTAH COMMERCIAL and SAVINGS BANK CAPITAL $200,000 The STATE BANK

City, Salt Lake a TT Utah r\T? rp Interest, computed semiannually

... Ettauuhtd i8o4 Per Cent—- \Jr TUT on Sayings Deposits. Inn

Cot marcial Banking in all its *9t* HIS bank solicits the accounts of

I banks.firms and individuals, andbranches. Accounts of Banks and In- /dividuals solicited. Customers assured Vv extends to such customers every

the best accommodations consistent reasonable courtesy and facility. >*

with conservative and safe banking. Jo. F. Smith, Prest. Chas S Burton, Cashier

WM. F. ARMSTRONG, BYRON GROO Anthon H.Lund, V Pres. H.T.McEwan,Asst.Cash.

** President. Cashier.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

"BROWNING'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun Hf

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It Is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We hare "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

- Ogden, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO.,

ENSIGN KNITTING WORKS

30 RICHARDS ST.

BEST HOiVIE MADE KNITTED GAR/IENTS AND HOLEPROOF HOSIERY ON EARTH.

WRITE US FOR SAMPLES AND PRICES.

SCENIC LINE OF THE WORLD

For Folders. Booklets, etc.. address I. A. BENTON, G. A. P. D., Salt Lake City, Utah.

1908 9 M. I A. Reading Course Books.

For Juniors, "The Last of the Mohicans,"Cooper - 40c "Cortez,"Abbott 40c Por Seniors, "A Tale of Two Cities,"Dickens - - 40c "Hypatia,"Kingsley - 40c

Send to Improvement Era, 214 Templeton Building, Salt Lake

City, for these books. Cash must accompany order.

''When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.")

Artificial Refrigeration at Market and at Slaughter House

Palace Meat Market THOMAS J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main St Salt Lake City, Utah

Conference, Utah State Fair, Eisteddfod, Ladies'Relief Society

LOW EXCURSION RATES

To SALT LAKE CITY, as Follows:—

From Stations Nephi and East, Fairfield

Branch and T tic District Sept. 30, to

Oct. 10, inclusive. Final return Oct. 12.

From all other Stations in Utah: Sept. 29

to Oct. 9. Final return Oct. 15.

From Nevada Points, ept. 30 to Oct. 5.

Final return Oct. 15.

J. H. BDRTNER, D. P. A., SALT EAJKE ROUTE

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

Organ of the Seventies and the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

VOLUME XII, 1908-9 President Joseph F. Smith, Editor Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, Associate Editor Alpha J. Higgs, Assistant Manager

TO SUBSCRIBERS.

to title page in this number, now, return it to the Era, 214 Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, and the magazine will come to you without interruption. We require your order with each volume. The Era is not continued

beyond the volume, without orders. You are entitled to a Manual free with

each subscription.

i

WHAT IS THE ERA?

It is a monthly magazine, edited by President Joseph F. Smith and

Edward H. Anderson, established in November, 1897. President Smith

and the General Board control the Era.

The Era is the organ of the Y. M. M. I. A.; and, since 1907, also the

organ of the Seventies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Every month nearly 80,000 people read the Era.

What About the Contents of the Era?

It contains eighty pages of good reading matter monthly, illuminated by an average of about twenty illustrations.

From fifteen to twenty of the best writers in the Church contribute to its pages monthly, on a variety of attractive themes, historical, doctrinal, literary, ethical and inspirational. See the index to authors in the October

Era. Many of these, and a large number not named will contribute to Vol. 12.

Its policy is controlled by President Joseph F. Smith and the General

Board of Y. M. M. I. A., and its contents are clean, interesting, entertaining and instructive.

The best essays, poems, stories, and general literature of the Latterday Saints, are found in the pages of the Era.

Every month President Joseph F. Smith has something to say to the

Latterday Saints, young and old, through its pages.

Every month the First Council of Seventy gives instructions to the 10,000 Seventies found in the 151 quorums of the 58 stakes of Zion.

Every month the General Board speaks through its pages to 3,500 officers of the 628 associations of the Y. M. M. I. A., with their membership of over 33,000.

Every month 2,000 elders, traveling in all parts of the earth, get the

Era free, and are delighted, edified and helped, with its doctrinal articles and with its messages to and from the mission fields.

The Cost and Value of the Era.

The Era costs $2.00 per annum, in advance. Science and the Gospel,

205 pages, or Lessons in Church History, 117 pages, free to every subscriber.

The Era is as valuable to the general readers as to the officers and members of the Y. M. M. I. A. or to the Seventies and other Priesthood quorums in

the Church, because in every number there are valuable articles on topics of living interest, doctrine, discipline, and inspiration to success.

SOME SPECIAL FEATURES FOR VOL. 12.

SELF CONTROL; ITS KINGSHIP AND MAJESTY.

This series by William George Jordan, author of Great Truths, will continue in Volume twelve, one of each of the following topics to appear in each number: "The Greatness of Simplicity,""Living Life Over Again,"

"Syndicating Our Sorrows,""The Revelations of Reserve Power,""The

Majesty of Calmness,""Hurry the Scourge of America,""The Power of

Personal Influence,""The Dignity of SelfReliance,""Failure as a Success,""Doing Our Best at All Times,""The Royal Road to Happiness."

These essays are of special interest to young men. Those which

have been printed in volume eleven have found favor with thousands who delight in sound, characterbuilding, literature. They awaken thought;

they are helpful; they place one in the right attitude toward life.

COMPANIONS OF ST. PAUL IN ROME.

Under this title Colonel R. M. Bryce Thomas will contribute a number

of character sketches of St. Paul's Christian companions. Colonel Thomas

has made a study on the ground of this subject, and our readers will remember his interesting series in Volume ten, on "The Closing Years of St.

Paul's Life in Rome,"in which the Apostle's life and the scenes of the

Eternal City were depicted. In the chapters now to appear he will continue the theme of St. Paul's residence in that city by taking up the interesting subject of his leading Christian associates during his sojourn in

Rome. The sketches will include Timothy, Paul's own son in the faith;

Luke, the physician, and the loving Gentile convert; Mark, whom the Apostle calls "his son,"the founder of the Church in Alexandria; Onessimus, "the

runaway slave;"Demas, the supposed apostate, "Demas hath forsaken me,

having loved this present world;"Epaphras, his fellow prisoner in Rome;

Epaphroditus, "My brother and companion in labor and my fellow soldier;"

Tychicus, a disciple from Ephesus, and a beloved brother and faithful minister; Aristarchus, the consoler of the aged apostle in his later life and imprisonments; Onisiphorus, the nobleminded and warmhearted; and Clement, one of the early Apostolic Fathers.

These biographical sketches are written in simple, and attractive style, and throw much light on the history and conditions of those times. They

will interest the young reader intensely. They will show elder readers

that the friendship of the early Christians was founded on deep and earnest love and a sincere desire to do good to one another, which made selfsacri- fice a pleasure and all duty delightful—a bright example for the Latterday

Saints. We consider this series alone worth the subscription price for the

Era, and to Colonel Thomas we owe a debt of gratitude for again enriching the literature of the Church with so valuable a contribution.

WHEN THE HOUR STRIKES.

A story of action and achievement, in twelve chapters, written especially for boys, by John Henry Evans, A. M., Professor of English, in the

Latterday Saints'University. It shows how, by a foresight to prepare for

opportunity, a determination to bring things to pass, and a capacity for doing his work a little better than anyone else, Walter Sterling, a ragged, but plucky urchin, rises from one place of importance to another till he becomes one of the solid business men of the community. The scene is laid in Salt Lake

City from 1868 and on, and the atmosphere is that of the preceding generation in Utah. There is action, there is dialogue, there is a wholesome tone

in the story throughout.

THE SPIRITUAL DEVELOPMENT OF A SKEPTIC.

Herbert Melbourne is a composite story by Edwin F. Parry, showing

the spiritual development of a young man of skeptical tendencies. Interwoven with the narrative is a fascinating tale of love. No other writer is

better prepared to speak just right for the young people than Edwin F.

Parry who, as proofreader in the literary department of the Deseret News, has read and criticised more homewritten stories than any other home writer; and who, as bishop of a large ward in Salt Lake City, is particularly

familiar with the needs and wants of young men. Herbert Melbourne is

a character who reflects much of the author's ability to provide for the wants of boys; and his wisdom and solicitude, to direct them in the best and

most interesting way.

"THE TRAGEDY AND TRIUMPH OF YOUTH."

J. E. Hickman, A. M., Teacher of Psychology and Pedagogy, Principal

of the Murdoch Academy, formerly the Beaver Branch of the Brigham

Young University, will write a series of short, spirited articles on the "Tragedy and Triumph of Youth."It will be a discussion of the principles and

forces that go to make or to break man and womanhood. The period of

adolescence is the most valuable, and at once the most dangerous, period of life—the period of unrest, and unstable equilibrium, yet the golden time of

human existence. The writer will set forth the forces that youth is heir to

and the methods of utilizing them, and how alluring causes sometimes destroy and pervert the very existence, carrying blindly the young into the maelstrom of sin. The articles will point out powers and possibilities before the

young man, warning him against the pitfalls of life. These sketches will be

inspirational in their character, and are dedicated to the youth of Zion by one of the strong characterbuilders of our community.

REGULAR DEPARTMENTS.

The usual departments, "Editor's Table,""M. I. A. Work,""Seventies

Council Table,""Events,""Messages from the Missions,""Questions and

Answers,"etc., will be continued, and made more instructive than ever beMANUAL FREE WITH THE ERA.

Science and the Gospel, the senior Manual, a book of 205 pages, aims to show to the young men of Zion that the Gospel of Jesus Christ as taught by Joseph Smith, harmonizes with the great teachings of science. To

prove that such harmony exists, it is necessary to explain the philosophical consistency and comprehensiveness of "Mormonism."A secondary aim of

this Manual, therefore, is to teach something of the beautiful philosophy running through the Gospel structure. In the course of the argument, it

is repeatedly shown that in the enunciation of many principles, Joseph

Smith anticipated the world of science; and thus, another aim of this Manual is to contribute some facts to the proof of the prophetic powers of

Joseph the Prophet. Finally, the study of this Manual will acquaint the

young men with some of the leading doctrines of modern science. The book,

whose author is Dr. John A. Widtsoe, is a rich contribution to Church lierature,

faithpromoting on every page.

Lessons in Church History, stated in biographical sketches, the manual for Junior classes, a book of 117 pages, aims, through a study of history and biography, to interest the youth, in the lives and labors of some of the strong and gifted men and women who were instrumental in founding the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints; and to awaken a desire in their minds

for a knowledge of the history of both the ancient and the modern Churches of Christ as well as that of our country. In the course of the exercises,

which are really a mixture of history and biography, it has been the aim to develop many lessons in good, practical religion that may be profitably applied to the every day life of the student. The value of the study is that

the student may learn by example; may imitate the good and the noble in

the great men and women of the Church, and avoid their mistakes; may

learn to become unselfish and free from conceit; and last and best to have

his faith increased in God and His providences, and in the founders and leaders of the Church.

The price is 25 cents for each; the two bound in limp cloth, 75c. One

unbound manual goes free to every subscriber of the Era. You may have your

choice. You will wish to read both, however.

I AIM OF THE ERA.

The primary aim of the Era is to instill into the hearts of the young people a testimony of the truth and magnitude of the Gospel, and the work of God; and, like the associations which it represents, "to aid them in developing the gifts within them, and in cultivating a knowledge and an application of the eternal principles of the great science of life."It aims, also,

to inform its readers in social affairs, history, biography, and to point young men to the way of true success. As the organ of the Seventies it will aim

to inform that important body of Church laborers in their duties as the minute men of the Church of God, and direct them in their studies, and answer important theological questions. As the Organ of the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations the official instructions of the leaders ofthis great organization will be made known therein, thus making it indispensable to every officer. It is a clean family magazine, which can be

placed before every person with the full knowledge that its contents are elevating and instructive.

TO THE PRESIDENTS OF THE SEVENTIES AND THE OFFICERS

OF MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS.

We ask you to continue loyal to our magazine, by subscribing for it yourselves, and by each one of you securing other subscribers. We ask

that officers promptly arrange for the canvass of the membership of their quorums, and of their associations and the wards, so that no family in the ward is left without solicitation. You are not to wait upon each other, but

the officers of both organizations are to go on with the work as if every one had it to do. Remember that every president of Seventy and of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association is an authorized agent. He

should appoint one of his assistants to carefully look after the interests of the magazine, and should himself see that the quorums or ward is thoroughly and completely canvassed early in the season. A stake aid to the Superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. should be appointed to supervise the canvass

for the Era in the stake, and otherwise to look after its business welfare in the stake. Little difficulty will be experienced in obtaining subscribers if the

work is handled properly, vigorously, promptly, and in season.

TERMS AND GUARANTEE.

The associations have decided in conference that all subscriptions shall be paid in advance. The Era will be issued promptly on the 1st of each

month; price $2.00, including either Manual. Upon application from subscribers who have been with us for years, the magazine will be sent to them

without interruption upon receipt of a request from them on the blanks printed next to the title page in the October number of the Era, to continue the magazine upon their promise to pay within the month. Behind the Era

are eleven years of fulfilled promises, and the subscribers may be certain that all promises here made will be fulfilled. The magazine is prompt in publication, and, as in the past, all its pledges will be faithfully kept. The Sev

enties'Year Book can not be furnished free with the Era.

OFFICERS. x

Joseph F. Smith, General Supt.

Heber J. Grant and

B. H. Roberts, Assistants.

Alpha J. Higgs, General Secretary.

214 Templeton Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah.

SUBSCRIBE NOW FOR VOLUME TWELVE

YOUR SUBSCRIPTION EXPIRES WITH THIS NUMBER.... Please %enew

jERMIT us to remind you that with the October issue of the IMPROVEMENT ERA your subscription, now on our books, was completed. We shall be

happy to receive a renewal order from you, and hand you herewith on next page, time and remittance blanks for this purpose. If you

will kindly respond at once, enclosing this order in your envelope, it will enable us to keep your name on our list, and thus avoid any interruption in the mailing of the magazine.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA y Salt Lake City, Utah.

ALPHA J. HIGGS,

General Secretary.

If you have already renewed, please disregard this notice.

Read the Prospectus in the OCTOBER ERA.

Read the Prospectus in the OCTOBER ERA.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, 214 Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GENTLEMEN: Enclosed please find $2.00 for a year's subscription to the

IMPROVEMENT ERA, Volume XII, beginning with November

1st issue, 1908, and Manual.

Name

Ward P. O R. D

Date 1908. State

IMPROVEMENT ERA, 214 Templeton Building, Salt Lake City, Utah.

GENTLEMEN: Please continue my subscription to Volume XII, IMPROVEMENT ERA, and I will remit $2.00 within

days from date of issue No. 1, Volume XII, November 1, 1908.

Send Manual.

Name

Ward

P.O

R. D

Date 1908. State

CAREFULLY FILL IN ALL BLANK SPACES.

Vol. XI. OCTOBER, 1908. No. 12.

"THE MESSAGE OF 'MORMONISM'TO THE

WORLD OF TODAY."

BY DR. JAMES E. TALMAGE, F. R. S. E.

[We are pleased to present to our readers the following synopsis of an address delivered by Dr. James E. Talmage at the Parliament of Religions, Montclair, New Jersey, Sunday, August 9, 1908. This Parliament of Religions was

created under the auspices of Unity Church, Montclair, N. J., and the program

of proceedings provided for a series of addresses on the great religions of the present day, andthe message of each religious system or church to the world of today. The series of lectures comprised the message offered to the modern world

by each ofIthe following: Zoroastrianism, Mohammedanism, Hinduism, Bahaism,

Buddhism, Sufeeism, Confucianism, Vedanta, Judaism, Liberal Christianity,

Evangelical Christianity, and the message of "Mormonism"to the world of today.

The rules of the parliament required that each speaker should present a written synopsis or epitome of his address, so that a condensed version of the lecture could be recorded with assurance of its authenticity. We give herewith

the official synopsis of the address on "Mormonism."Editors.]

Had the choosing of a subject for the present address been left to myself as a matter of personal selection, I could have made no better choice.

"Mormonism"affirms itself to be in truth a message—a message of glad tiding to the modern world. Its burden is peace on

earth and to men good will.

906 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Its proclamation is the call of invitation, not of compulsion;

its watchword is the free agency of man. The weapons of its service are reason and persuasion; liberality and toleration are its

buckler and its shield. Its contest is against error and iniquity;

its purpose the betterment of humanity.

Its popular name is not selfchosen, but has been given by nonadherents. The organized body through whom this gospel is

proclaimed to the world is "The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints."The adjective "Mormon"as applied to the Church

has reference to a publication that appeared early in the history of the organization under the title "The Book of Mormon."This

volume purports to be a record at once historical and scriptural, descriptive of the aboriginal inhabitants of the western continent, and bearing to these ancient nations the relation held by the Holy

Bible to the peoples of the East. One of the later contributors to

those early scriptures of the Occident was the Nephite prophet, priest and warrior, Mormon; and as the present form of the volume

is largely the result of this early compiler's labors, the book is called by his name.

The application of the name "Mormon"to the Church is not resented by the people; it is regarded as objectionable, however,

in that a vital misunderstanding may be conveyed by the misnomer. This Church is not the church of Mormon nor of any other

mortal; it might as well be called the church of Nephi or of Alma,

of Joseph Smith or of Brigham Young, as of Mormon. Its high

claims are set forth in its rightful name—"The Church of Jesus

Christ."Nevertheless, as the "Mormon"Church it is known; and its

message to the world of today is by the world called "Mormonism."

But, "What's in a name? That which we call a rose, by any

other name would smell as sweet."So sang one who has been called

the chief of English bards; and his words are true to this extent

at least, that truth though misnamed is better than error called good.

As the Church of Jesus Christ avers in its name and by its claims, the gospel of "Mormonism"is distinctively Christian in doctrine and in profession. It reveres the man Jesus as the God,

"THE MESSAGE OF 'MORMONISM.'"907

Christ; it accepts as a literal fact his earthly life, his atoning death,

and his resurrection from the tomb. It recognizes him as one of

the Holy Trinity, and acknowledges his relation as the Son of God

This is the declaration set forth in the codified creed of the

Church: "We believe in God the Eternal Father, and in His Son,

Jesus Christ, and in the Holy Ghost."

In this particular, "Mormon"theology as in accord with evangelical Christianity in general, differing if at all only in a strictly literal acceptance of the individual personality of each member of the Godhead. What then has "Mormonism"to offer the world

as to its conception of God and the Godhead other than what the world already has? Hear ye the message

The God that spake to Adam and to Noah, the God of Abraham, Isaac and Jacob, speaks today. His prophets are not dead;

his voice is not silenced. Sacred as are the scriptures of the long

ago, the canon of divine revelation is not and never can be

full.

In this day of struggle and achievement, when the aeolian harpstrings uniformly throb with the music of progression, when each day has its record of newfound truths and of added wisdom in the.application of truths long known, men are advancing in

their knowledge of the being and attributes of God as in their comprehension of his works.

''Mormonism"embraces the entire plan of divine evolution. It

proclaims progression and advancement; it regards mortal man as

the spiritual offspring of the Eternal. It affirms that we are born

in the lineage of the Gods, that the creature man is the child of

Deity, and that humanity may attain to the rank of godship.

''Mormonism"thus declares unbounded possibilities of human progression; it asserts a relationship at once intimate and direct as to

is indeed thethe position of man with respect to Deity;—that man

child of God, and that by all known laws of nature the child may aspire to and may attain the rank and power of its progenitor.

If the message of "Mormonism"be true, the frail mortal of today may be the future prophet, apostle, God. "Mormonism"

affirms the inborn power of man to grow, to progress, to develop, endlessly, eternally. It sees in the infant man the glorified God.

"Mormonism"affirms and confirms as a divine decree the law.

908 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

of nature—"each after its kind."Accepting man as the direct

offspring of Deity, it proclaims for him the possibilities of neverending development. Its keynote is "as man now is, God once

was; as God is, man may become."

As the crawling caterpillar becomes the beauteous butterfly, as the creeping larva develops into the winged imago, so may mortal man grow to be eternal God. Let every man know himself; the

child of God; a god in embryo.

"Mormonism"recognizes the fallen condition of man; yet it

affirms that no individual but Adam shall be punished for Adam's transgression. Granted that men are born heirs to evil possibilities, inheritors of sinful propensities indeed, nevertheless every

man shall be judged in righteousness, with full consideration of environment both inherited and acquired.

"Mormonism"declares a preexistent state of the soul, a primeval childhood antedating the present mortal probation of youth, a past eternity linked by mortality to the eternity of the endless future. It proclaims the earthly span of human life as a necessary training for the eternal possibilities yet to come

"Mormonism"affirms that no act of man, be it good or evil,

illfails to leave its mark—its asterisk of excellence or its scar of

as the act may determine. No less certainly it declares that man

may rise if he will on the steppingstones of errors past to higher and yet higher things.

"Mormonism"is the gospel of optimism, using the past as an incentive to present improvement, proclaiming encouragement in action and assured victory in achievement to the valiant. "Mormonism"regards sin with no degree of allowance or toleration;

but upon the sinner it looks with toleration, mercy, and inspiring encouragement.

"Mormonism"recognizes and affirms a distinction between morality and religion. It accords to every individual a full acknowledgement of his virtues, and teaches that no man of good

morals shall be doomed to future association with the immoral and the wicked, because of his failure in this life to profess religion.

"Mormonism"provides no distinctive heaven and hell, to the one or to the other of which each soul is consigned. It proclaims for

the soul a future state of infinite gradations, in which every indi- 'THE MESSAGE OE 'MORMONISM. "'909

vidual shall find a place as his inclinations and preparation may determine.

"Mormonism"declares that the God of Israel reigns in heaven and on earth; that he communicates by direct revelation

with his chosen prophets in this day; that he is the God of the

present as he is acknowledged to be the God of the past.

"Mormonism''recognizes the validity of earthly institutions of government. It bows to the authority of judges, governors,

presidents, kings and emperors, in all matters of secular administration; and it enjoins upon its adherents strict compliance with

the laws of the land in which they dwell. But it declares the inalienable rights of freedom of conscience and upholds the untrammeled agency of the individual in all matters of belief. In so

far as the practice of anyone's faith and belief interferes with no other's freedom, "Mormonism"demands and defends individual liberty. "Mormonism"acknowledges God and his Christ as the embodiment of supreme power and authority in the world today. It

affirms that all established governments and all legal contracts among men are valid and binding as to earthly endurance; but, it

declares that no contract, agreement, or compact, made by and between men on the basis of earthly authority alone, can be valid beyond the grave. It recognizes the authority of heavenly power,

and affirms that the authority to officiate in the name of God has been delegated to man, which authority is binding for time and eternity. "Mormonism"recognizes and reveres the ancient scriptures as embodied in the Holy Bible. It accepts and defends the Holy

Bible as far as the record has been correctly translated; but it

affirms that other scriptures are possible, and in support of this claim it offers "The Book of Mormon"—a record of the rise, decline, and fall of the Nephite and Lamanite nations who formerly

inhabited this American continent; and the "Doctrine and Covof modern revelation and instruction to theenants"—a volume

restored Church.

As stated, "Mormonism"accepts the record of the earthly birth, mortal probation, and atoning death, of Jesus, the Christ.

Furthermore, it proclaims that the second coming of The Christ to 910 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

earth is imminent and sure. Its message to the world of today is,

prepare ye, prepare ye, for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.

I submit to you the "Articles of Faith,"duly accepted and confirmed as a guide in matters of profession and practice by the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints:

1. We believe in God, the eternal Father, and in his son, Jesus Christ, and

in the Holy Ghost.

2. We believe that men will be punished for their own sins, and not for

Adam's transgression.

3. We believe that through the atonement of Christ, all mankind may be

saved, by obedience to the laws and ordinances of the gospel.

4. We believe that the first principles and ordinances of the gospel are:—

(1) Faith in the Lord Jesus Christ; (2) Repentance; (3) Baptism by immersion for

the remission of sins; (4) Laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost.

5. We believe that a man must be called of God, by prophecy, and by the

laying on of hands, by those who are in authority, to preach the gospel and administer in the ordinances thereof.

6. We believe in the same organization that existed in the primitive church,

viz: apostles, prophets, pastors, teachers, evangelists, etc.

7. We believe in the gifts of tongues, prophecy, revelation, visions, healing,

interpretation of tongues, etc.

8. We believe the Bible to be the word of God, as far as it is translated

correctly; we also believe the Book of Mormon to be the word of God.

9. We believe all that God has revealed, all that he does now reveal, and

we believe that he will yet reveal many great and important things partaining to the kingdom of God.

10. We believe in the literal gathering of Israel and in the restoration of

the ten tribes; that Zion will be built upon this (the American) continent; that

Christ will reign personally upon the earth, and that the earth will be renewed and receive its paradisiacal glory.

1 1. We claim the privilege of worshiping Almighty God according to the

dictates of our own conscience, and allow all men the same privilege, let them worship how, where, or what they may.

12. We believe in being subject to kings, presidents, rulers and magistrates,

in obeying, honoring, and sustaining the law.

13. We believe in being honest, true, chaste, benevolent, virtuous, and in

doing good to all men; indeed, we may say that we follow the admonition of Paul,

We believe all things, we hope all things, we have endured many things, and hope to be able to endure all things. If there is anything virtuous, lovely, or of good

report or praiseworthy, we seek after these things.

"Mormonism"accepts the Jewish scriptures as canonical, and affirms that God spoke to his prophets of old. It further declares

that a great apostasy occurred as predicted, that a period of spir- "THE MESSAGE OF 'MORMOMSM. 1 "911

itual darkness fell upon mankind, and that a restoration of the gospel with its priesthood and its powers would be and is a feature of these modern days. This Church declares that the predicted

restoration has occurred, that God has spoken and now speaks in the present dispensation, that his edicts are now effective and valid, that the right to officiate in the name of God as exemplified in the powers of the holy priesthood is now existent;—that God

speaks and man hears is the message of the day.

While every man shall inherit and shall surely receive the due deserts of his acts, acceptance of the gospel of Christ ofttimes entails deprivation and personal denial. The man who panders to

lust shall reap the bitter harvest of lust, the man who strives toward purity in word, in thought, in act, shall garner the fruits of purity. ''Mormonism"proclaims the "fixt arithmic of the universe"as to the individual responsibility for right or for wrong,

but it insists on the fullest recognition of individual merit or demerit "Mormonism"proclaims to the world of today that Jesus the

Christ will return to earth; that the rightful king shall come to

his own; that the Son of God shall reign and control in the affairs

of men. The special declaration of "Mormonism"to the world of

today is that the coming of the Lord Jesus is near; that the kingdom of God on earth shall be one with the kingdom of heaven to

come.- "Mormonism"enjoins virtue and chastity, temperance and toleration. It declares sexual sin to be second only to murder; it

proclaims the aggressive sin of the man as greater than that of the yielding woman. It holds both man and woman accountable

for individual acts; but it excuses no man on the plea of woman's

frailty. "Mormonism"proclaims to the modern world a message at once ancient and modern. Its message is one of peace, hope, and

goodwill. Yet this is but the reiteration of the message of the

ancient gospel. Thus "Mormonism"is both old and new; old as

is creation, new as is the creator's work each day. "Mormonism"

is an upto-date religion. It adapts itself to the needs of the present, citing the scriptural record of the past as a means of encouragement, as an incentive of example, yet declaring present

scripture and modern revelation as a necessary guide to life.

912 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

"Mormonism"proclaims that this the western continent, the land of America, is the chosen and appointed Zion, a land consecrated to liberty and godly freedom. It declares that no king

shall rule herein until the king of kings comes to his realm. It

offers a home to every wanderer, an asylum to every outcast, provided only the comer be worthy and earnest.

"Mormonism"invites effort and good intent from every clime; it voices the word of welcome to every seeker of good.

It upholds and defends the institutions of the nation; it places

patriotism above partisanship, it buries politics beneath principles;

it recognizes men only as they stand for morals and for right.

The message of "Mormonism"to the world of today is that

Eloheim has spoken, that Jehovah is speaking; the coming of the

Lord is near.

"Today is the sum of all the yesterdays that have passed."

The fruition of the ages is ready for the garnering.

May the peace of God that passeth all understanding be upon us, may the spirit of the eternal God give us knowledge to see and wisdom to interpret the signs of the times.

COUNTRY HOMES.

i-'.

J.X - 'ig*'/ juSj lag Hff'

i 3 Photo by George Albert Smith.

Residence of Bishop Lemuel H. Redd, Jr., Bluff, San Juan Co., Utah.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY.

BY NEPHI ANDERSON, AUTHOR OF ADDED UPON/>>7 ii.MARCUS KING,

"THE CASTLE BUILDER,"ETC.

XIII.

THE "LONGSLEEVED ENVELOPE"AND LETTERS FROM

HOME.

When Elder Willard Dean heard from his conference president that his release was about to arrive, he went to him and said, "I want to stay three months longer. I feel as if I have

lost about that much time by my friends breaking in upon my work. So, if it's all right, I want to stay and make up

that time."

"If that is your wish, I see no objection,"replied the president. "We are glad to have you, of course; but I do not consider

the time which you have devoted to helping your friends as wasted."And so Willard went to his work again with added strength and power. Never had he done so much good and reached

so many people with the gospel. Elder Donaldson, with wife

and sister, came back to London, tired with sightseeing and eager to be homeward bound. They remained but a few days and were

off. Grace Wells and Elsa Fernley sailed with them from Liverpool. They all sent him farewell greetings by cards mailed

from the boat, and his were delivered to them at Queenstown.

The summer passed, and the rains and fogs came back; but

Willard paid no heed to the weather. There was "sunshine in his

soul"continually, so what did he care for fog or rain. Whether

he was preaching to the evershifting crowds on the streets, or 914 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

delivering his tracts from door to door, or conversing on gospel principles to Saints or strangers or investigators, he did it in a.

goodnatured, happy way. Thus busy with his work, the

time passed rapidly. The winter came, but Willard received no

release; nor did he wish one now until spring.

He learned in letters from home that Elsa Fernley was well and happy, and that she had been offered a school in his own county. She was staying with Grace, and they were fast friends.

Grace frequently visited Brother and Sister Dean, and Willard knew by his mother's letters that Grace was interested in English missionaries. The girl sent him a letter once a month, with now

and then a picture postcard.

Among Willard's best London friends were the Lorings and

Dwight Thornton. When he was tired and a bit lonesome or discouraged, he dropped in to the "cleanest house in London,"sat

easy and contented by the fire, or played with the children. Mr.

Loring always welcomed him, and often spoke of the young man's power over Dwight Thornton, when Mr. Loring and his church had

failed to make an impression on him. But whenever this topic

came up, Willard simply said, "You know, Mr. Loring, the gospel

is the power of God unto salvation. That's all the secret. It is

is whatnone of my doings. T am but the instrument—the gospel

has done it."And in reply Mr. Loring smoked his pipe in silence.

One evening Willard found Dwight Thornton and Nora Loring sitting by the fire in the small parlor. Little Nellie was playing on the floor, chattering first to one and then to the other. Willard would have retreated, but they called him back.

"Come in, Elder Dean,"said Brother Thornton, "we want to speak to you. We want your advice."

Willard thought, "What now?"He was often called in to

give counsel and to settle difficulties of all kinds, because a "Mormon"elder, though perhaps only a boy, is expected to be wise enough to counsel grayhaired men and women; but he felt to

shrink from sitting in judgment in the matter between these two people. "Nora and I have decided to emigrate to Zion,"said Brother

Thornton. "I want her to marry me before we go, but she says

we should wait until we get to Utah. What do you say?"

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 915

Willard looked at Nora, whose face shone in the firelight, and then at the man who was also looking with a pleased smile at the young woman.

"I do not say,"replied Willard. "I can't advise you on the

matter, at least, not now. But I'll think it over."

Then he sat down and talked with them. Brother Thorntori

had, he himself thought, completely overcome his craving for drink.

"If I can pass daily the gin shops of this city without going in, it."will be easy for me in Zion where there isn't so much temptation

"Do not be too sure,"replied Willard. "There are plenty of

temptations in Utah, and those who want drink can get it. The

only safety lies in being proof against temptation from within as well as from without. '

"Yes,"replied the other, "I am trying to bear in mind what you have told me about developing our true individuality, and I find it is a great help to me."

Little Nellie fell asleep on the floor, and Nora picked her up.

She placed the child on the sofa and carefully covered her with a shawl. Mrs. Loring came in and supper was announced.

When Willard left that evening, Dwight Thornton followed him to the door and said, "You'll be going home in the spring, shall you not?"

"I suppose so; but I don't know when."

"Well, when you go, we shall go with you, whether we aremarried or not."

"Good for you,"said Willard.

On one of the last days in the month of March, Willard Dean:

received two important letters. One of them came in the wellknown "longsleeved envelope,"as the elders called the letter

which contained their release. He might make his arrangements

to sail on the first boat in May, it stated.

Willard looked at the expression "honorably released,"and gratitude swelled up in his heart. The president had written, besides the usual release form, a short personal letter, commending

him for his faithful labors, and bidding him God's blessing on his homeward journey. It seemed to him that here was reward

enough for his many months of labor, of trial, and of sacrifice..

916 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The peace of God was in his heart, and filled his soul with joy inexpressible.

The second letter was from home. It was uncommonly

heavy, needing double postage on it. The first folded sheets from

the envelope were from Grace, and among other things she wrote:

Elsa Fernley is to be married next month. If you hurry home, you may be

in time for the wedding. The happy man is your oldtime friend, Jack Howard.

Jack picked her up as soon as she arrived in town. He has made love fast and

furious, and she has capitulated. The mountain air has brought back to Elsa's

cheeks her English roses, and'she is a lovely girl. I nearly envy Jack, but you

know he is a good boy, and altogether worthy of such a jewel as Elsa. She

wanted to teach school and earn money to send for her mother and sister, but

Jack wouldn't hear of it. He would take care of that, said he. He is able to,

as his sheep have been doing well. And so next month sees the wedding. They

are going to live in Brother Karlson's new house until they can build one of their own. Oh, by the way, Katie Smith was just over, and what do you think she

said? Listen: "I think it's a shame!"she exclaimed, "there ought to be an

import duty on English girls. Here are sixteen of us members of the U. T. C."

U. T. C, you must know, stands for our club motto, Usefulness, Truthfulness,

Cheerfulness; although some spiteful people say that it means the Unclaimed

Treasure Club—"and not one of us with a ghost of a prospect,"said Katie; "while

this English girl comes, and in three months captures the finest boy in town!

Isn't it awful!"

The second enclosure was from Elsa Fernley, and she wrote:

Dear Elder Dean:—Grace has kindly allowed me to read her letter to you,

and I may say, that with the exception of some of the personal expressions about me, I have no fault to find with it. It is true, as Grace says, that I am to be married

next month. I can hardly realize it. The Lord has been exceedingly good to me.

When I look back on the experiences of the past year, and what has now come to me, I appear to be in dreamland. I can't understand what Jack sees in me. He

says it's the English dialect, but that's a fib; because, as you know, I do not speak

the Yorkshire.

Well, now, I wish to say something else to you—and I am going to let Grace

read this letter—let me say, that I know where your heart is—and it is in safe

keeping, too. I want you to forgive and forget, as far as I am concerned. If

have annoyed you by word or act of mine, I ask your pardon. I am indeed sorry

if I have caused you pain, and I fear I have.

It's a good thing, after all, that we live in a world of change. It's a good

thing, also, that sometimes the Lord does not give us what we first cry out for. His

ways are not always our ways, and if we are but patient, and say, "Thy will be done,"everything will come out right in the end. I feel as though this is especially

true in my case, and I am sure it will be in yours.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 917

Jack says he knows you well, and he never tires of speaking good of you and I add my mite; so you see we are agreed on one point, at least. I hope I

shall always have the privilege of calling you my friend and brother.

Be sure and call on the folks at Stonedale before you leave England. We

hope to have both mother and Bessie with us soon. * * * Here comes Jack.

He is such a tease, and so I shall have to close.

There was one more letter in the envelope, and it proved to be from Jack. Pinned to it was a money order for twentyfive

dollars. Jack wrote:

Dear Will.—The order for twentyfive dollars which you will find enclosed

is for you. It is a partial payment on my debt of gratitude which I owe you. I

am heartily ashamed of myself for not writing to you before, and this letter is written on the principle that it is better late than never. We are a selfish lot,

anyway. I suppose I never should have written you, had not Elsa come from England to our town. You see, it takes a personal touch to awaken us. I moralize

thus in a general way, blaming the race instead of lazy Jack Howard.

With the twentyfive have a good time while you are yet in England. See

some sights, and feed up on beefsteak and Yorkshire pudding. The pudding is all

right—I speak from knowledge; Elsa is a dandy cook, for a school teacher. I

know a lot about England and its ways, and to hear my instructor praise the country, one would think that it is the finest land in the world. The other day I

made the jocular remark that if the English country is prettier than the English girls, I should like to see it. The bishop overheard my remark, and stepping up

to me and placing his arm around my shoulder, he said, ''All right, brother; I

shall see that your wish is gratified."Shivers ran up and down my spine, and the

folks said I turned pale. I think he was only jeking,—but one can't tell. What

would I do on a mission? I don't need to go to England, for England has come to

me * * * * I have just*#**come back from visiting the girls, so I must finish this letter and send it off. Elsa was out when I called,, but I found Grace in the parlor. I went

up the walk unnoticed and stood by the open door for a few moments before she knew of my presence. Let me tell you what I saw: Grace was standing by the

piano looking at a photograph. Presently, she lifted the picture from the easel,

examining it at close range. Then she replaced it, seated herself on the stool,

and, still looking at the photograph, began playing your favorite selection, "Meditation."I stepped in, and one glance told me that the portrait was of

one Willard Dean, a missionary in England. Now, what do you think of that?

"Hurry home, Will, and be the best man at the wedding, and then I shall happily perform a like service for you.

Willard Dean sat alone in his lodgings and read his letters, and then he reread them. Evening came on, yet he did not

light the gas. A small fire in the grate sent its glow into the

918 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

room. He leaned back in his chair and gazed into the red coals

but he did not see much or hear much with his natural senses.

The big city of sights and sounds lay all around him, yet for Willard its enchantment was gone. The homecall had come, and his

soul reached out in eager response. Home, home! He wm going

home!

In the spirit he flies over sea and land, and as quick as thought he is in his native town. How high the mountains are,

but how small the houses! Yet this is home, and he feels as

if he has been away for but a day. The long rows of trees

are covered with the dust of the dry, dusty street; but there is a

big, 1 awn in front of his father's house, with lilac bushes on one side of the path and roses on the other. The barn is full of

hay, with half of the last load sticking out of the gable window.

Behind the pole bars to the corral, the horses and the cows are stretching their necks to eat from the nearby stack of wheat.

Willard pauses at the gate and plays with the latch, a wooden one made by his grandfather, but good yet. He gets a full view of

the house. It appears a little small and weatherbeaten, but it is

home, the home of his childhood and boyhood. His bedroom was

up in the attic, and before the window there now hangs a white curtain. In the big boxelder near the window are still to be seen

the remains of a "nest"which he built when a boy. The front room

window is open, and the curtains swell out by the breeze. There

comes to him the faint odor of mignonette, his mother's planting, he knows. What is that? The organ? Yes; they have no piano.

But who is playing? Can his brothers have learned? Not likely,

besides, the touch is that of fingers accustomed to the piano.

Grace Wells must be visiting—but she would never play on their

poor instrument. He will tread lightly and surprise her, and she

shall be the first to meet him. He steps quietly along the path,

tiptoes across the porch, softly opens the door and slips into the hall. Yes; it is Grace, by the organ, erect as if she is looking into

space, her head haloed by the light from the opposite window.

Her fingers are running softly over the keys. Then she turns and

sees him, and they meet in the middle of the room.

Although Willard Dean sat in his humble, London lodgings with the shadows of the night deepening around him, he being.

ROMANCE OF A MISSIONARY. 919

yet in the spirit, "looked, and behold a door was opened in heaven;''and he heard a voice which said, "Come up hither, and

I will show thee things which must be hereafter."

(the end.)

THE GREATER FAULT.

(For the Improvement Era.)

Without sin in this probation,

Spotless stands but One alone;

Yet we see, in all creation, Failings, only not our own

Faults of others, so much larger

By our own faults magnified,

Pass the lips of each accuser,

Graver made and multiplied.

Thus our tale, enlarged when starting,

Ends in falsehood, low and base;

And the spirit of truth departing

Leaves this world a dismal place.

Let us, then, when we are tempted

To find fault with others, thus,

Think that they when likewise prompted,

Could as well find fault with us.

E. Remington Davenport.

Srasso (Kronstadt), Hungary.

SOME UTAH BIRDS.

BY CLAUDE T. BARNES, M. S. P. R., MEMBER NATIONAL ASSOCIATION AUDUBON SOCIETY.

IV—BULLOCK'S ORIOLE.

(Icterus Bullocki.)

Do you ne'er think what wondrous beings these?

Do you ne'er think who made them, and who taught

The dialect they speak, where melodies

Alone are the interpreters of thought?

Whose household words are songs in many keys

Sweeter than instrument of man e'er caught!

Whose habitations in the tree tops even

Are halfway houses on the—Longfellowroad to heaven.: Birds of Killingworth.

One day in early summer, as I was riding down a Utah lane, which was lined on one side with a row of tall trees, and on the other with creek willows, a bit of moving yellow in a locust attracted my eye. My companion, who knew for what I had been

seeking and who was fully as enthusiastic as I, gave vent to her gladness by quoting in anxious tones the lines of Lowell

Hush! 'tis he,

My Oriole, my glance of summer fire

Is come at last.

I had noticed some strong, gray nests hanging on slender limbs of the trees along the way; so, upon closer inspection, I recognized the bit of yellow to be that charming little architect, Bullock's Oriole, the Western representative of another member of thfr

oriole family, the Baltimore. How glad we were, for, though

found throughout Utah, our bird is none too plentiful. Though

not quite so striking in color and handsome in general appearanceas his eastern brother, he was nevertheless a winsome visitor among the kingbirds, mourning doves, meadow larks and crimson:

SOME UTAH BIRDS. 921

fronted finches, which found homes in the same row of locust trees.

Though many are familiar with the pensile nest of the Bullock

Oriole, his attractive habits necessitate such description of him that identification will be easy and certain. "Oriole,"from

the Latin aureolus, means literally "golden;"so we may expect on

the start to find in the oriole some of the yellow coloration of the meadow lark, which is a member of the same family.

Bullock's Oriole.

Bullock's Oriole is smaller than a meadow lark, its measurements being as follows: length, 7.00 inches; wing, 4.00; tail,

3.60; bill,.72, and tarsus,.85. The general appearance of the

bird, above, is black and yellow; and below, yellow orange. The

bill is long and pointed like that of the meadow lark.

922 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

The lesser wing coverts (those on the front of the wing) are lemonyellow, spotted toward the back with black; the middle wing

coverts are white; the greater coverts are white on nearly all of

their outer webs, and black elsewhere. That part of the greater

coverts over the bases of the primaries (the largest wing quills) is, however, black. The primaries and secondaries (the middle

wing quills) are black, and, excepting the first primary, are margined with white on both sides. On the first primary there is white

only on the inner web.

The shoulders and upper back are black, while the lower back, rump, and upper tail coverts are yellow. The eleven tail feathers

are, generally, black and yellow above, the outer three having black at the tips; the fourth having black at the tip, half way up

the inner web and yellow elsewhere; the fifth yellow only at the

base and the little middle feather having only one spot of yellow, and that near the end. The whole tail is slightly forked.

The back of the neck and the top of the head are peculiarly mottled with yellow and black. A patch of orange runs across the

forehead, while the bill is black above, hornblue below.

With the exception of the sides of the neck and the throat, which are orange, nearly the whole under surface of the oriole is yellow. The under wing, however, is light slate; and there is a

black spot on the chin and throat.

Altogether, in appearance, Bullock's Oriole is a comely bird and easily discovered in places where the hot summer sun has not bleached the leaves into a harmonious and protective coloration.

Its distribution is extensive, it being found throughout that portion of the United States that lies west of the central plains. In Utah

it arrives early in May, builds its pendulous nest in the scrub oaks, locusts and pine trees of the fertile valleys, and departs for Mexico about the first of September. Really, one of the most interesting peculiarities about the Bullock's Oriole, and the one that fully

exemplifies the practical application of the instruction: "By their

works ye shall know them,"is its nest. This neat little cradle

it rocks to and fro with the wind—hangs from a fork near the tip

of a long, slender, tough, limb, usually more than twenty feet above ground. The height discourages devastation by boys; and

the willowy, thin limb forfends the incursions of cats. When built

SOME UTAH BIRDS. 923

near the habitation of man, the nest has a spacious opening at the top; but in the wild places, where height and slender limbs could

not possibly prevent encroachment on the part of birdeating hawks, the neck of the nest is long and the entrance so small that only the parent birds can squeeze in to the squealing fledglings.

The nest is in shape like a water pitcher; and is about four

The above represents the Eastern variety, Baltimore Orioles (upper figure, male; lower figure, female). The color markin'gs

are different from those of Bullock's; but the nest is the same.

and a half inches long by three wide. It is woven of fibrous

grasses, twine, vegetable fibres, horsehair, bits of worsted and of rags, wool and string. Nearly all of these may be found in one

nest; and, again, the whole structure may consist only of one, as

for instance, horsehair. Gay colors are usually avoided, the

completed nest being generally of a light putty shade. Being chief

weaver, the female is extremely clever in the use of her beak,

924 IMPB VEMENT ERA.

wings and claws; and the male bird, like a good husband, generally

provides the material with which his little wife weaves.

The eggs, three to six in number, slightly larger than those of the Baltimore oriole, are bluishwhite, marbled on the larger end with thin irregular lines of black and reddish brown. Except

when the parent bird is sitting on them, the young are always squealing; and so loud is their vociferation that even a high

wind cannot make it inaudible.

One bright morning in June, when dew yet sparkled in the grass and the sun was shooting its first rays across the valley, 1 strolled into a lucern field, which was surrounded by mammoth locust trees. In the tip of the tallest tree,

where the morning rays gave warmth and refulgence, sat a handsome Bullock's Oriole chanting, spiritoso, a bravura so winsome and sweet that I immediately placed him and his kind among the most charming singers of the early morn. Later in the day,

when heat waves quivered in the roadway, I visited the same spot only to find my songster busily engaged in his tree and giving vent only to an occasional mellow, rolling chatter.

The song of Bullock's Oriole is loud and varied, practically the only difference between it and that of the Baltimore, being that the latter is more mellow, strong and clear. In fact it must

be admitted that the Eastern variety is altogether a finer bird.

Matthews gives two songs of the Baltimore oriole thus

Moderato. Vivace.

fl n Tf rf-i—h—* rf+-—|—s-.r*f:pf*-il

SOME UTAH BIRDS. 925

Like other members of the family Iderdice (oriole)—the redwinged blackbird, the bobolink, and the meadow lark—Bullock's

Oriole is most commendable in his eating habits; in fact, so certain

are we of his usefulness that only the agriculturist that is blind to his own welfare, can have the heart to shoot the bird down.

About threefourths of its food consists of insects, among which we may name tent caterpillars, spiny caterpillars, wasps, canker worms, grasshoppers, Venessa butterflies, bugs, beetles, leaf chafers (anomala binotata), ants, spiders, and click beetles. The

larvae of click beetles are ruinous to plant life

According to a report made by the Biological Survey it is conclusively established that Bullock's Oriole feeds on scale insects and bark lice—a fact which was long questioned even by the observing. In Utah the oriole, with the Louisiana tanager and the

black headed grosbeck, occasionally eats the buds of greaswood;

and though the oriole likes honey it cannot be said to do appreciable injury in this respect. Wilson Flagg tells of an oriole's destroying seventeen caterpillars in one minute, eating only part of

the inside; and there is no doubt that it kills many catalpa sphinx

larvae which defoliate our catalpa trees.

Altogether Bullock's Oriole is a prepossessing little creature;

but although his nest is so inaccessible that every brood ought to fly forth in safety, unfortunately the bird is by no means common in Utah's valleys. We should do all in our power to let the charming builder sing in peace

"How falls it, oriole, thou hast come to fly

In tropic splendor through our Northern sky?

At some glad moment was it Nature's choice

To dower a scrap of sunset with a voice?

Or did an oraiige tulip flaked with black,

In some forgotten garden, ages back,

Yearning toward heaven until its wish was heard,

Desire unspeakably to be a bird?"

Salt Lake City, Utah.

SUGGESTIONS TO PARENTS CONCERNING THE PHYSICAL DEVELOPMENT OF THEIR

CHILDREN

BY DR. E. G. GOWANS, JUDGE OF THE JUVENILE COURT.

In our time, when vehemence is taken for strength and strenuous gesticulation so frequently hailed as. a substitute for quiet

power, it is a pleasure to note the increasing number of people who are giving attention to the educational problems which seem to be at the basis of human racial development. As parents we

are beginning to think of our obligations to the future, and as is characteristic of the American people, we are asking what we should do. Will we be satisfied with transmitting to the future

only whatever of virility and power have come to us from the past? or must we add to that the little within us, however little it

may be, toward the enrichment of the future? I take it that there

could be only the one answer to these questions, if put to the readers of this magazine.

Now, bearing upon the subject before me, let me say, first, that in educating a boy or girl we are dealing with the whole boy, living, active, responsive, becoming. A sound body lies at the

basis of all human development. The body, since it is the tool

through which the mind becomes manifest, is fundamental to such manifestation, it comes to be fully developed by carrying out the requirements of a fairly well defined law of law which growth—a

in all probability applies to the race as to the individual. Dr. Donaldson says that education "consists in modifications of the central nervous system;"and Dr. Ross, the English neurologist, says:

"The order of the development of the nervous system in the race has been from the fundamental to the accessory portions, and no

SUGGESTIONS TO PARENTS., 927

one can reverse this process with impunity in that further development of the individual which constitutes education in its widest sense."Let me explain that what is meant by fundamental is

that part of the brain which controls particularly the movements of the lower limbs and trunk, or more generally those movements which are executed alike by men and the higher animals, and are really vital to existence, while by accessory is meant that part which controls the smaller muscles and finer movements of the hands, tongue, face, muscles of articulation, etc. Nature's

method, according to Ross and others, is to lay a solid foundation in the development of the fundamental, and then build upon that the superstructure of accessory activities.'G. Stanley Hall observes,

on this point, that "nature does not finish the basis of her pyramid,"but only a "part of the foundation, and after carrying it to an apex, normally goes back and adds to the foundation to carry up the apex still higher, and if prevented from so doing expends her energy in building the apex up at a sharper angle, till instability results."Which ever view is correct, this is certain, that

instability and excessive irritability of the nervous system will result, if the delicate accessory mechanisms are developed at the expense of the fundamental.

Another point to which attention should be called is the influence of nutrition, taken in its broad sense, upon development.

Without minimizing the value of heredity, the fact should be borne in mind that in so far as your own boys and girls are concerned, the effect of nutrition upon their development is more important. By this I do not mean simply diet, but the whole nutritive environment, including, in addition to kinds and amount of

food and time of feeding, the general hygiene, clothing, bathing, sleeping, ventilation, exercise, rest, recreation, and so forth.

It will not do for parents to say, "I will leave these things to the school, and those interested in the welfare of school children."

We must be active, and if necessary compel schools and school authorities to give attention to many of these things, for the school is loath to move forward—is inclined to get into grooves

and ruts. You know, most teachers believe that "we are the

people,"and "that wisdom will perish with us,"but the fact in the case is that the school is the most conservative thing in the 928 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

total environment of the child, and much of its progress has been forced upon it from the outside.

This makes it necessary that the public generally, and parents in particular, should interest themselves in all problems connected with the education of the young. What, then, can parents do that

will contribute something toward the proper education of their children?

First, they can do much to insure a normal development of the fundamental part of the nervous system by informing themselves upon the nature of the law of growth, and then take such a course with their own children as to conform as nearly as possible to the requirements of that law. Some facts as to growth

and development may here be helpful.

In early foetal life, the brain and nervous system take the circulalead in development over the other systems—alimentary,

tory, respiratory, muscular and bony. This lead is maintained

over the muscles up until seven or eight years of age, at which time the brain weighs very nearly as much as during adult life.

During these early years, the sensory organs become well developed, and the neuromuscular mechanisms concerned in balancing, walking, and talking, become fairly well developed. During this

time the child's life should be as natural as it is possible to make, or rather permit, it to be. Left to herself, nature takes good

care of this period. We violate the laws of development by

putting the child one or two years earlier than the end of this period into school, where his normal physical activity is restrained, and he is compelled for several hours every day to sit on that modern instrument of torture, the school desk. And, too, the teachers seem to take special delight in giving the child work to do

during these two years that tends to develop the accessory portion of the nervous system at a time when the fundamental, or necessary part of the fundamental, is as yet undeveloped. There is no

surer way to produce instability of the nervous system, and sow the seeds that later bring forth St. Vitus dance, nervous irritability, sensitive nervous organization, and general decrease in normal

activity of vital organs. What the child should have, at this time,

is a free life, in the open air, developing the fundamental neuromuscular in company of those activities—in contact with nature

SUGGESTIONS TO PARENTS. 929.

in suchof his own age—developing his sense organs, and engaging

games as he shows an instinctive and inherent desire for. Writing,

sewing, practicing on piano, or any other exercise which requires delicate muscular coordinations, bringing into play large brain areas, are entirely out of place during this period.

From this time on for six, eight or ten years, there is rapid growth in height and weight. The muscular and bony systems

develop rapidly. The child becomes a youth or a maiden. This

is the period when the youth demands reasons—he must be shown.

There can be no driving at this time—he will not permit it. He

can be led, persuaded, induced, but never driven. During this

time, too, there is great danger of permanent injury through bad nutrition, underfeeding, lack of exercise, or improper exercise.

This is the time when rational physical education has an opportunity. Games and simple gymnastics give splendid results, if properly selected and well given, during this period of active muscular

development. Boys should not be permitted to engage in strenuous

contests and feats of speed, strength, or endurance, of an unusual character. To subject the boy to such, when his nervous and

muscular systems are just reaching full development and growth, would certainly be injudicious. The time for these things comes

later. Now in all the work that we do for children, there is one

matter to be kept constantly in mind—a matter which, rightly

apprehended, will have much to do with our success, and that is the fact that we are educating an individual who is to become a selfgoverning, selfcontrolling, independent citizen of the world.

Since one thing to be accomplished by the child is selfcontrol we must begin the work as early as possible. If we are educating an

individual to be a slave, the sooner we accustom him to the attitude a slave should hold toward a master, the better; but since

selfcontrol is sought, the sooner he begins to control himself, the better.

One purpose of the work in physical education is to develop selfcontrol of the muscular system which is fundamental to selfcontrol mentally and morally as well. Hartwell says:

Since physical training aims at perfecting the body as an instrument, and at rendering it the willing, prompt, and efficient servant of an intelligent mind and a sensitive and englightened soul, it cannot be gainsaid that physical training.930 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

lies at the foundation of mental and moral training, or that it enters and must enter as a more or less prominent factor into a great number of our educational procedures. The full success or failure of physical training, therefore, does not

relate simply to the size or strength of the red meat we call muscles, but is measured in part by our achievements in the domain of mind and the domain of conduct.

Again, you can do something towards the regulation of the time when children should enter school. I have already referred,

in an incidental way, to this matter, but it is worthy of further attention. From what has been said concerning periods of growth,

you will be prepared to agree with me when I say that in most cases children should not begin school work before they are eight years old. To begin school earlier is to subject the child to the

artificial condition, and the restraint of the school room at a time when nature has ordained that he should be out in the open air and sunshine, developing the fundamental portion of his nervous growing. There is too great a tendency to precocity, system—just

anyway. I mean mental precocity. A tardy mental development

is not nearly so much to be feared as a tardy physical development. If parents generally were as solicitous concerning the

development of fine, sound bodies, in their children, as many are concerning their advancement in the grades, it would be better. How

frequently we hear mothers bemoaning the fact that Johnnie was not promoted, or that Mary will be a year behind her class in graduating. From personal observation, I feel quite sure that the

average child would be very much favored by beginning his school work at eight, in preference to six which is permitted under the present law.

Again, it is a very difficult thing for the average teacher to become interested in the dull or backward child, and she devotes"her attention to the bright, nervous child, the child who takes special promotions, and seems to take special delight in increasing the number of special promotions in her grade. As a matter of

fact, the child who takes special promotions is generally the one who should be kept out of school half a year for each such promotion. I have in mind now a boy who was kept out of school till he

was eight years old, in order that he might develop a good body and become somewhat robust. After beginning school he made

SUGGESTIONS TO PARENTS. 931

such rapid advancement that he gained special promotions, and each time that this happened, on my advice he was kept out of school half a year. Now I am satisfied that had he been permitted

to go right on with the work, his health would have been ruined.

Parents should be on the lookout for signs of beginning nervous disease. The most important of these is disturbed sleep, loss

of appetite, disinclination to indulge in natural forms of exercise and play, general restlessness, headache, muscular twitchings.

Children manifesting such symptoms should receive the attention of the family physician, or, if needed, a specalist, and the physician's advice should be carefully carried out. One of the

is, disinsymptoms named above deserves special mention—that

clination to indulge in exercise, in normal play. There are many

children who, if permitted will take a book and sit in a corner and read, for hours at a time without any apparent discomfort. Such

a one lives too much in his thoughts, feelings and imaginations and not enough in his muscles. He should be induced to take up

some form of physical activity—something that can be made attractive to him—he should not be permitted to follow his abnormal

inclinations.

Further, parents, mothers particularly, should make a more careful study of the subject of dietetics. There are a great many

matters concerning foodvalues, food combination, and so forth, that could be studied with great advantage by the great majority of mothers, whether they prepare food themselves or have it prepared under their direction.

How many women who preside over the dietetic destinies of a household know anything about the relative amounts of carbohydrates, fats, proteids there should be in a wellbalanced diet for growing children? How many know any very great deal about

what foods go well together, and what foods should never be given together? What are the food elements that are really indispensable? Is not overeating as prolific of trouble as overdrinking?

Should the diet of growing boys, and old men be the same? If

not, why not? and what difference should there be? What effect

does cooking have upon the digestibility of foods? When should

there be moderation, and when abstemiousness, in the matter of food? Is a purely vegetable diet desirable or not? Should there

932 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

be a seasonable variation in the diet? Or should we eat the same

foods, and in the same amounts, winter and summer? There are

comparatively few diseases in which the diet is not of a great deal more importance than medicines. How many of us parents know

how to regulate the diet of a patient with fever? These are just

a few questions that suggest themselves on this matter of diet.

all measAnother matter—we should be active in supporting

ures which have for their purpose the suppression and prevention of the contagious diseases. Occasionally, we see those who

are not active in their support of health boards and public health officers. Preventive medicine is the medicine of the future.

Physicians should be paid more for preventing disease than for curing it. Considering the large number of preventable diseases

and the annual mortality therefrom, it is simply astonishing how little support public health officers receive in the performance of their duties. In fact, many seem to consider such an officer as an

enemy, and do all in their power to evade the regulations he imposes upon the sick, when his only purpose is to prevent others from getting sick.

Let us as parents give to all individuals or boards, charged with the preservation of the public health, all the support that is possible. If we have any indication of contagious disease in our

families, let us be the first to make it known, and place ourselves under the strictest regulations, in order that no one else may suffer disease or death from our lack of obedience to the law. We

should be actuated by a keen sense of justice and right, in this matter as in all others.

Finally, support your public school authorities, as highminded publicspirited citizens should. The greatest institution in the

United States is the public school. It is the hope of the future,

and needs your support. Support the Parents'Class movement in

your ward. Be an active, efficient member of the class, and try

to qualify yourself for the duties of enlightened parenthood.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

SELFCONTROL* BY WILLIAM GEORGE JORDAN.

V.—WORRY, THE GREAT AMERICAN DISEASE.

Worry is the most popular form of suicide. Worry impairs

appetite, disturbs sleep, makes respiration irregular, spoils digestion, irritates disposition, warps character, weakens mind, stimulates disease, and saps bodily health. It is the real cause of death

in thousands of instances where some other disease is named in the death certificate. Worry is mental poison; work is mental food.

When a child's absorption in his studies keeps him from sleeping, or when he tosses and turns from side to side, muttering the multiplication table or spelling words aloud, when sleep does come, then that child shows he is worrying. It is one of nature's danger-signals raised to warn parents, and in mercy the parent should

take a firm stand. The burden of that child's daily tasks should

be lightened, the tension of its concentration should be lessened, the hours of its slavery to education should be cut short.

When a man or woman works over in dreams the problems of the day, when the sleeping hours are spent in turning the kaleidoscope of the day's activities, then there is either overwork or worry, and most likely it is the worry that comes from overwork.

The Creator never intended a healthy mind to dream of the day's duties. Either dreamless sleep or dreams of the past should be

the order of the night.

When the spectre of one grief, one fear, one sorrow, obtrudes itself between the eye and the printed page; when the inner voice

of this irritating memory, or fear, looms up so loud as to deaden

* From SelfControl; its Kingship and Majesty. Copyright 1889 and 1905

by Fleming H. Revell Company.

.

934 [MPRO VEMENT ERA

outside voices, there is danger to the individual. When all day,

every hour, every moment, there is the dull, insistent, numb pain of something that makes itself felt through, above and below all our other thinking, we must know that we are worrying. Then

stop that worry; we mustthere is but one thing to do,—we must

kill it.

The wise men of this wondrous century have made great discoveries in their interviews with nature. They have discovered

that everything that has been created has its uses. They will

teach you not to assassinate flies with paper coated with sweatened glue, for "the flies are nature's scavengers."They will tell you

just what are the special duties and responsibilities of each of the microscopic microbes with telescopic names. In their

wildest moods of scientific enthusiasm they may venture to persuade you into believing that even the mosquito serves some real purpose in nature, but no man that has ever lived can truthfully say a good word about worry.

Worry is forethought gone to seed. Worry is discounting

possible future sorrows so that the individual may have present misery. Worry is the father of insomnia. Worry is the traitor in

our camp that dampens our powder, weakens our aim. Under the

guise of helping us to bear the present, and to be ready for the future, worry multiplies enemies within our own mind to sap cur strength.

Worry is the dominance of the mind by a single vague, restless, unsatisfied, fearing and fearful idea. The mental energy and

force that should be concentrated on the successive duties of the day is constantly and surreptitiously abstracted and absorbed by this one fixed idea. The full, rich strength of the unconscious

working of the mind, that which produces our best success, is tapped, led away and wasted on worry.

Worry must not be confused with anxiety, though both words agree in meaning, originally, a "choking,"or a "strangling,"referring, of course, to the throttling effect upon individual activity.

Anxiety faces large issues of life seriously, calmly, with dignity.

Anxiety always suggests hopeful possibilities; it is active in being

ready, and devising measures to meet the outcome. Worry is] not

one large individual sorrow; it is a colony of petty, vague, insig-

.

SELFCONTROL. 935

Tiificant, restless imps of fear, that become important only from their combination, their constancy, their iteration.

When death comes, when the one we love has passed from us, and the silence and the loneness and the emptiness of all things make us stare dryeyed into the future, we give ourselves up, for a time, to the agony of isolation. This is not a petty worry we

must kill ere it kills us. This is the awful majesty of sorrow that

mercifully benumbs us, though it may later become, in the mysterious working of omnipotence, a rebaptism and a regeneration.

It is the worry habit, the constant magnifying of petty sorrows to eclipse the sun of happiness, against which I here make protest.

To cure worry, the individual must be his own physician; he

must give the case heroic treatment. He must realize, with every

fiber of his being, the utter, absolute uselessness of worry. He

must not think that this is commonplace,—a bit of mere theory,

it is a reality that he must translate for himself from mere words to a real, living fact. He must fully understand that if it were

possible for him to spend a whole series of eternities in worry, it would not change the fact one jot or tittle. It is a time for action, not worry, because worry paralyzes thought and action, too..

If you set down a column of figures in addition, no amount of worry can change the sum total of those figures. That result is

wrapped up in the inevitability of mathematics. The result can

be made different only by changing the figures as they are set down, one by one, in that column.

The one time that a man cannot afford to worry is when he does worry. Then he is facing, or imagines he is, a critical turn

in affairs. This is the time when he needs one hundred per cent of

his mental energy to make his plans quickly, to see what is his wisest decision, to keep a clear eye on the sky and on his course, and a firm hand on the helm until he has weathered the storm in safety There are two reasons why man should not worry, either one of which must operate in every instance. First, because he cannot prevent the results he fears. Second, because he can prevent

them. If he be powerless to avert the blow, he needs perfect

mental concentration to meet it bravely, to lighten his course, to get what salvage he can from the wreck, to sustain his strength at. ).

936 IMPB VEMENT ERA

this time when he must plan a new future. If he can prevent the

evil he fears, then he has no need to worry, for he would by sodoing be dissipating energy in his very hour of need.

If a man do, day by day, ever the best he can by the light he has, he has no need to fear, no need to regret, no need to worry.

No agony of worry would do aught to help him. Neither mortal

nor angel can do more than his best. If we look back upon our

past life we will see how, in the marvelous working of events, the cities of our greatest happiness and of our fullest success have been built along the rivers of our deepest sorrows, our most abject failures. We then realize that our present happiness or successwould have been impossible had it not been for some terrible affliction or loss in the past—some wondrous potent force in the evolution of our character or our fortune. This should be a wondrous

stimulus to us in bearing the trials and sorrows of life

To cure one's self of worry is not an easy task; it is not tobe removed in two or three applications of the quack medicine of

any cheap philosophy, but it requires only clear, simple, common sense applied to the business of life. Man has no right to waste

his own energies, to weaken his own powers and influence, for he has inalienable duties to himself, to his family, to society, and to the world.

(to be continued in volume 12.

ONE OF OUR FAULTS.

The acts of men, we mortals are too prone

To criticise, and to excuse our own.

Theo. E. Curtis.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

.

THE PHILOSOPHERS ON CONDUCT.

BY MILTON BENNION, PROFESSOR OF PHILOSOPHY, UNIVERSITY

OP UTAH.

N.

SOCRATES.

In Athens, in Socrates'time, belief in religion and the popular sanctions of morality had decayed. The Sophists, the learned

teachers of the time, had not only strengthened this popular unbelief, but had even affirmed the impotency of philosophy to arrive at any standard of truth, either in natural science or ethics. The

resulting attitude towards life is summed up in the Sophistic maxim, "Man is the measure of all things."They meant by this that

the individual man is the measure of all things. Let everyone

then do what seems to be right in his own eyes, and especially let him seek what will contribute most to his own individual success.

There is no universal standard by which conduct can be measured

This philosophy of life, if it can be called a philosophy, is the logical basis for an irrational, egoistic individualism; an individualism that is intolerable in any respectable philosophy.

Socrates threw the whole weight of his personality and philosophic power against this doctrine of the Sophists. He sought

to substitute for the wornout, mythological sanctions on the one hand, and the moral chaos of the Sophists on the other, a moral philosophy grounded in universal reason, of which he found the germ in the minds of all men. His aim in teaching was, by his

conversational method, to bring distinctly into consciousness these subconscious universals. This manner of teaching he called a

process of giving birth to ideas, and he called himself a spiritual midwife.... THE PHILOSOPHERS ON CONDUCT. 939

Socrates was not a business man, neither was he a politician.

As a moral philosopher, seeking to bring to light the common ideals of life and universal standards of conduct, he counted not the consequences to himself. The conservative leaders in Athens, failing

to understand Socrates, identified him with the skeptical Sophists, and accused him of corrupting the youth. By his exposure of the

ignorance and pretensions of the Sophists, the radical leaders, he had likewise incurred their enmity. The devotion of his pupils was

insufficient to save Socrates from being crushed between these opposing masses of prejudice and hatred. His own frank admissions,

and his expressed determination to continue his divine mission of teaching the youth of Athens only made his fate more certain.

After he had been condemned to drink the hemlock, he refused opportunities to escape, holding that duty required him to submit willingly to the law of the state. From the time of his imprisonment to that of his execution, he conversed freely with his pupils

on the problems of life, death, and immortality. The story of

these last hours, as given in Plato's Apology, illustrates a calmness and resolution, in face of the most supreme peril, that are unsurpassed in human history. The life and death no less than the

teachings of Socrates have immortalized his name, and made him one of the great historical types of the ideal life. All subsequent

schools of ancient European philosophy were proud to support their ethical teachings by reference to the life and teachings of

Socrates.

He was not the author of a developed system of philosophy, but of a philosophical method. He professed to be wiser than the

Sophists only in that he, unlike them, was conscious of his own ignorance. He did not, however, feel himself forever bound to

this state of ignorance. He believed most firmly in the possibility

of a moral philosophy, and himself developed the foundation for it.*

Socrates left no writings. We are therefore dependent upon his

contemporaries, his pupils, and subsequent authors, for our knowledge of both his life and his teachings. The most direct and complete information comes from two of his pupils, Xenophon and

Plato. The former was a historian and practical man of affairs.

* See Utah Educational Review, January, 1908.

940 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

It was the life of Socrates and the practical side of his teachings that appealed most to Xenophon. Plato, on the other hand, was

the greatest of the speculative philosophers, and we look to him for an exposition of the philosophical teachings and method of

Socrates. The selections that will appear in the next number are

from Xenophon's Memorabilia of Socrates.

Forest Dale, Utah.

THE CHURCH AND THE SCHOOL.

The school and the house of worship, those effective instruments of civilization and culture—spring up like magic wherever the Latterday Saints plant their

colonies. The illustration shows the new Latterday Saints meeting house at

Photo by George Albert Smith.

Meetinghouse at Kirtland, New Mexico.

Kirtland, New Mexico. The brick were laid by two young men about sixteen years

of age, and the expenses for material, as is usual with this people, were mostly donated by the local members of the Church. The Church as a whole has spent many

thousands of dollars daring late years in the building of places of worship, in the missions of the world and at home.

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS.

BY PROF. LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, OF THE UNIVERSITY OF UTAH.

MOHAMMEDANISM.

1.—THE ARABIANS.

Says Washington Irving:

During a long succession of ages, extending from the earliest period of recorded history down to the seventh century of the Christian era, that great peninsula formed by the Red sea, the Euphrates, the Gulf of Persia, and the Indian ocean, and known by the name of Arabia, remained unchanged and almost unaffected by the events which convulsed the rest of Asia, and shook Europe and

Africa to their centre. While kingdoms and empires rose and fell; while ancient

dynasties passed away; while the boundaries and names of countries were changed

and their inhabitants were exterminated or carried into captivity, Arabia, though its frontier provinces experienced some vicissitudes, preserved in the depths of its deserts its primitive character and independence, nor had its nomadic tribes ever bent their haughty necks in servitude.

The Arabs carry back the traditions of their country to the highest antiquity. Arabia was peopled, they say, soon after the deluge

by the progeny of Shem, the son of Noah, who gradually formed themselves into several tribes. All these primitive tribes are said

to have been either swept from the earth in punishment of their iniquities, or obliterated in subsequent modifications of the races, so that little remains concerning them but shadowy traditions, and a few passages in the Koran. They are occasionally mentioned,

in oriental history, as ''the primitive Arabians,"the "lost tribes."Irving continues by taking the traditions of the Arabs,

and tells how Kahlan, or Joctan, a descendant of Shem, became the father of the Arabic race, and how later Hagar and Ishmael, exiled from the patriarchal home of Abraham, were received kindly 942 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

by wandering tribes in northern Arabia. The Arabs, before the

''perdawn of Islam, were wandering tribes who understood the sonality of law."Each tribesman was bound to avenge the blood

of his fellow tribesman. There was constant warfare among

them, and this ceased only at certain times during the year, when for the sake of the gods a peace would be proclaimed. Each tribe

had its god to whom sacrifice was offered. This was generally a

female god, which is typical of all the older Semitic religions.

The lower gods presided over the forces of nature, and were represented as gigantic men. Every household had its god, which was

called Allah. The god of all the gods was also Allah, who dwelt in

heaven. This being was an abstract personage who inspired no

ideals, nor incited to noble action. The Arabs were also star

worshipers, and offered sacrifices to their gods. Their polytheism

had the same effect upon them as polytheism has had on all peoples. No high standard of morality resulted from it, but, on the

other hand, a very low standard of moral law was the result.

They were very idolatrous, and it was the mission of Mohammed to teach them the principles of monotheism.

2.—MOHAMMED.

Toward the close of the sixth century, A. D., when the Germanic peoples had settled permanently in northern Italy and

in France, and when they had accepted the doctrines of Christ, as they had been interpreted by the fathers of the church, there was born in Mecca, of Arabia, one of the most remarkable characters of history. Mohammed, born about 570 A. D., came of a good

family, but was left an orphan in early childhood, and was placed under the care of relatives, who reared him as a herdsman. It

was during his youth that he made extensive'trips to Syria and

Palestine, where he came in contact with Judaism, and heard the doctrines of Christ as taught by traveling monks. Impressed

with what he had heard, Mohammed began the study of Judaism under a Jewish sect of the Hanifs who lived near Mecca. His

thoughts, however, were turned to the vocation. of merchant, and

in going and coming from Syria, he became acquainted with a beautiful and wealthy woman, whom he afterwards married and who was the first eonvert to his doctrine. He continued his work

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS. 943

as a merchant, going from country to country, until nearly forty years of age, when he began to withdraw from society and to incline toward an ascetic life. He was naturally possessed of a

pensive nature, and, even in his youth, was said to have received visions, and to have seen wonderful things in strange dreams and fancies. Withdrawing to a great mountain, not far from Mecca,

known as the Hira, Mohammed began his life of prayer and fasting, and one day when on the highest peak of the mountain, the angel Gabriel appeared to him. The heavenly messenger unrolled

a scroll which he made Mohammed read. "I cannot read,"said

the man. Answering, the angel said, "Read, in the name of thy

Lord, who created man from a drop. Read, for thy Lord is the

Most High, who hath taught by the pen, hath taught to man what he knew not. Nay, man walketh in delusion when he deemeth

that he sufficeth for himself; to the Lord they must all return."

He was advised "to rise and warn."

From this time on Mohammed had revelations. He began

preaching to the people in Mecca that the only true and living

God had spoken to him, and had called his last great prophet. His

new doctrine brought upon him the wrath of the people, and he was soon driven from Mecca, whence he went to Medina. This

journey to the more peaceful city is called the Hegira, and is taken by his followers to begin a new era. From this year the

Mohammedans still reckon time. In Medina, Mohammed became a

powerful person. He set up a theocracy, and in a few months

had a large following who took up arms against his enemies in

Mecca. After a war of some eight years, Mohammed reentered

Mecca and established it as the religious center of Arabia. The

neighboring chiefs soon submitted to him and accepted the new faith of Islam (submission to God.) In the year 632 the prophet

of Islam made his last journey to Mecca. With a large army he

marched to the borders of Syria, receiving the homage of Syrian princes; and, returning southward with a band of pilgrims, possibly

one hundred thousand followers, he made for his native city. Before entering Mecca he delivered to his people the ninth sura.wherein "he renounces peace with all unbelievers, heathens, Jews and

Christians, and declares perpetual war against the infidel."The

fellowing is in part his declaration before the assembled multitude.

944 IMPR0VEMEN1 ERA.

THE DECLARATION OF IMMUNITY.

A declaration from God and his apostle, unto the idolaters, with whom ye have entered into league. Go to and fro in the earth securely four months, and

know that ye shall not weaken God, and that God will disgrace the unbelievers.

And a declaration from God and his apostle unto the people, on the day of the greater pilgrimage, that God is clear of the idolators, and his apostle also.

Wherefore if ye repent, this will be better for you; but if ye turn back, know

that ye shall not weaken God: and denounce unto those who believe not a painful

punishment. Except such of the idolaters with whom ye shall have entered into a

league, and who afterwards shall not fail you in any instance, nor assist any other against you. Wherefore, perform the covenant which ye shall have

made with them, until their time shall be elapsed; for God loveth those who fear

him. And when the months wherein ye are not allowed to attack them shall be

past, kill the idolators wheresoever ye shall find them, and take them prisoners, and besiege them, and lay wait for them in every convenient place..,.

true believers, verily the idolators are unclean; let them not, therefore, come

near unto the holy temple after this year. And if ye fear want by the cutting off

trade and communication with them, God will enrich you by his abundance, if he pleaseth, for God i3 knowing and wise. Fight against them who do not believe in

God, nor the last day.... The Jews say Ezra is the Son of God, and the

Christians say that Christ is the Son of God.... They take their monks

and priests for their lords besides God, and Christ, the Son of Mary; although

they are commanded to worship one God only.... On the day of judgment

their treasures shall be intensely heated in the fire of hell, and their foreheads and their sides and their backs shall be stigmatized therewith; and their tormentors shall say, This is what ye have treasured for your souls; taste, therefore, that

which ye have treasured up...0 true believers, wage war against such

of the infidels as are near you, and let them find severity in you, and know that

God is with those who fear him.

Mohammed died in the eleventh year of the Hegira, or 632 A

D. His successor was Abu Beker, who prosecuted the war against

the infidel with vigor, and under him began the great Mohammedan conquest which was finally checked in Europe on the battlefield of Tours, 732 A. D.

During the seventh century, the Arabs had established a great empire with its capital at Damascus, and from that city as a center all Arabia, Persia, Syria, and Egypt were ruled, and eventually, in the early part of the eighth century, most all of the land of

Spain. 3.—THE KORAN.

The sacred book of Islam is the Koran. The word is derived from

the Arabic verb Karaa, which signifies that which ought to be read.

THm WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS. 945

The syllable Al in the word AlKoran is the definite article the.

The Koran is made up of one hundred and fourteen chapters, called Surahs, arranged very loosely together. The book comprises

all the recorded sayings and socalled revelations of Mohammed, which for nearly fifteen hundred years have been the absolute law and gospel of the Mohammedan religion According to the

Mohammedans, the revelations came direct from God and were couched in a language easily understood. They were first delivered orally, but after the prophet's death, his disciples inscribed

them on palm leaves, bits of wood, and other articles used for writing material. The book on the whole is very uninteresting,

and contains doctrines that are anything but ideal and inspiring. In fact, the whole work of Mohammed seems to be the

bold attempt of adapting Judaism and Christianity to the Arabs.

* * The power and personality of the man must be left as a problem of psychology.

4.—RELIGION OF MOHAMMED.

Whether or not Islam is an outgrowth of Judaism and Christianity is a much discussed question. Herbert Spencer in his

Psychology traces all religions back to the worship of the ancestors of a people. The fathers of a clan or tribe are made gods, and

they are worshiped as embodiments of great spiritual powers.

Every person that has ever lived has a perception of the infinite, and this makes him long to know what lies beyond this world and life. This statement of Spencer's accounts possibly for the

polytheism of the Arabs before Mohammed lived, but does not explain the problem of Islam. We know from Mohammed's life that

he came in contact with tribes of Jews from whom he must have learned the old Mosaic law. On the other hand, his travels into

Syria and along the Mediterranean coast would throw him with the

Christian communities, from whom he would hear much about

Jesus Christ and Paul the Apostle. It appears to us quite certain

that Mohammedanism is in no sense an outgrowth of the old religion of the Arabs. It was evidently the result of a superstitious

interpretation of Christianity and the old religion of Judaism combined. The German historian Frederick von Schlegel suggests that

the expectation which the Jews still entertained of the future

946 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

coming of a deliverer and prophet might have operated very powerfully on the mind and imagination of Mohammed. Carlyle suggests

that Mohammedanism is Christianity adapted to a poor, inferior people by one who was a genius and prophet.

The principal dogma of Islam (which means submission) is:

"There is but one God and Mohammed is his prophet."We have

here a monotheism resembling that of Judaism. Allah is Yahwe

or Jehovah, the God of Israel. Sura 112 of thft Koran reads:

"God is God: the eternal God: he begeteth not, neither is he begotten: and there is not any one like unto him."Again do we get

the Mohammedans view of God in the celebrated "throne verse"one of the most sacred in the Koran:

God. There is no God but He, the EverLiving, the ever silent seizeth Him

not, nor sleep. To Him belongeth whatsoever is in the earth. Who is he that

shall intercede with Him, unless by his permission? He knoweth what (hath been)

before them, and what (shall be) after him, and they shall not compass aught of

His knowledge save what He willeth. His throne comprehendeth the heavens and

the earth, and the care of them burdeneth Him not. And He is the high, the

Great.

Mohammed taught the existence of paradise and hell. To

paradise go those whose deeds are pronounced pure and righteous by Allah and his angels. There the good live by beautiful, flowing

rivers, "where grow fragrant flowers and delicious fruits."But

the "people of the left hand,"the bad, in other words, "they shall dwell amidst burning wind and scalding water, and a shade of blackest smoke, not cool and not grateful."

Of the day of resurrection, the Koran says

When the earth is shaken with her shaking,

And the earth hath cast forth her dead,

And man shall say, "What aileth her?"

On that day shall she tell out her tidings,

Because thy Lord hath inspired her,

On that day shall men come one by one to behold their works,

And whoever shall have wrought an ant's weight of good shall behold it,

And whoever shall have wrought an ant's weight of ill shall behold it.

In speaking of the reward of the righteous, the Koran teaches:..

THE WORLD'S GREAT RELIGIONS. 947

When one blast shall be blown on the trumpet,

And the earth shall be raised, and the mountains broken to dust with one breaking,

On that day the Calamity shall come to pass:

And the angels on the sides thereof; and over them on that day, eight of the

angels shall bear the throne of God.

On that day ye shall be presented for the reckoning; none of your secrets shall be

hidden.

And as to him who shall have his book given to him in his right hand, he shall say, "Take ye, read my book."

Verily, I was sure I should come to my reckoning.

And his shall be a pleasant life

In a lofty garden, Whose clusters shall be near at hand.

''Eat ye and drink with benefit, on account of that which ye paid beforehand in the past days."

The wicked, however, will bear a great burden and punishment in the life to come

But as to him who shall have his book given to him in his left hand, he shall say, "0 would that I had not had my book given to me,

Nor known what was my reckoning would that my death had been the ending of me.

My wealth hath not profited me

My power is passed from me."

''Take him and chain him, Then cast him into hell to be burnt,

Then in a chain of seventy cubits bind him:

For he believed not in God the Great,

Nor urged to feed the poor;

Therefore, he shall not have here this day a friend,

Nor any food save filth Which none but the sinners shall eat."

The Koran expressly forbids idolatry in any form, and this accounts for the absence of pictures of men and animals in all the noted Mohammedan buildings of the world.

Mahammed accepted all the prophets of the Old Testament, and believed that Jesus Christ was a prophet, but not the Redeemer of the world. Hence we find nothing about the Trinity in the

Koran. In fact, it opposes the Christian doctrine of the Godhead.

Mohammed also taught the doctrine of predestination, something as was taught by Calvin nearly a thousand years later. One of

948 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

the most important duties of the Mohammedan is to pray. A form

of prayer in the Koran, corresponding to the Lord's prayer in our

Bible, runs:

IN THE NAME OF GOD. THE COMPASSIONATE, THE MERCIFUL.

Praise be to God, the Lord of the worlds,

The Compassionate, the Merciful.

The King of the day of judgment.

Thee do we worship, and of Thee seek we help.

Guide us in the right way, The way of those to whom Thou hast been gracious,

Not of those with whom Thou art wroth, nor of the erring.

The five most important duties imposed on the faithful Mohammedan are: 1. The belief in Allah and his prophet Mohammed. 2, Five times each day must he stand facing Mecca and

utter a formal prayer. 3. He must give alms, which in Mohammed's time were used in war. 4. He must fast at certain fixed

times. 5. He must make his annual pilgrimage to Mecca.

Such in brief is Islam. Gibbon and Carlyle put Mohammed

among the greatest prophets of history, while Voltaire and Luther denounce him as the greatest imposter in the history of Christendom.

There are, at the present time, according to Dr. Crawford H.

Toy, of Harvard University, some two hundred million followers of Islam. Most of them live in Arabia and northern Africa.

Salt Lake City, Utah.

STRENGTH FOR TODAY.

Strength for today is all we need,

As there never will be a tomorrow;

For tomorrow will prove but another today,

With its measure of joy and sorrow.

Then why forecast the trials of life

With such sad and grave persistence,

And wait and watch for a crowd of ills

That as.yet have no existence? Selected.

DANCING.

BY PROF. A. M. MERRILL, LATE SUPERINTENDENT Y. M. M. I. A.

OF THE CASSIA STAKE OF ZION.

When the pioneers were crossing the plains, the sadness and dreariness of their condition was to a considerable extent dispelled by the rich consolations of their great faith; and perhaps to no

lesser extent by the various forms of amusements introduced by their leader. President Brigham Young fully understood that if

the people's minds were withdrawn from their pains and sorrows, they would be better able to cope with the hardships and vicissitudes of their unprecedented pilgrimage.

One of the characteristic amusements was the "dance."

After the weary day's journey, it was the usual order, supper being over, for the violinist to,start up the music, and the people, old and young, to regale themselves for an hour or two in the pleasures of the dance. No fancy balls, these, but the joyous

mingling of sturdy yeomanry, the happy reunion of Christmade brothers and sisters, in the innocent pastime of the dance. Brilliancy and elegance were perhaps wanting; dresssuits and evening-gowns were unknown; but modesty, sweetness, goodcheer,

were there; and for a little while, at least, these exiles were able

to shake off the worrying cares of life.

After the arrival and settlement in Salt Lake Valley, the dance was continued as one of the most suitable relaxations of the

Saints. Neither the physiological nor psychological necessity of

this particular amusement interested the Pioneers. Sufficient it

was for them to know that it was innocent, and that it made them feel better. It rested their bodies and enlivened their spirits. It

gave them an opportunity to say a kind word and pay a cheery compliment to a friend and neighbor; and, above all, it helped to

make clear and distinct the roseate picture of the future, whose

950 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

outlines the desolateness and barrenness of the desert wild were ever striving to obliterate.

The philosophy of it all was now and then given by their sagacious leader in such words as these

I want it distinctly understood, that fiddling and dancing are no part of our worship. The question may be asked, what are they for, then? I answer, that my

body may keep pace with my mind; my mind labors like a man logging, all the

time; and this is the reason I am fond of these pastimes,—they give me the privilege to throw everything off for awhile, and shake myself, that my body may

exercise and my mind rest. What for? To get strength and be renewed and

quickened and enlivened and animated, so that my mind will not wear out.

And again, at another time:

Some wise Being organized my system and gave me capacity; put into my

heart and brain something that delights, charms, and fills me with rapture at the sound of sweet music.

This experience of President Young is one that comes to every human being, and the natural expression of this rapture is in the rythmic, graceful movement of the body in dancing. No

other form of amusement gives such complete expression of this emotion.

It is well known that most of the creeds of Christendom condemned early this wholesome and refreshing pastime, which the genius of poets, the wisdom of philosophers, and the good common-sense of lay men, of all ages, have advocated. Homer* called

it "the sweetest and most perfect of human enjoyments."Lockef

said, "the effects of the dance are not confined to the body; it

gives the young not mere outward gracefulness of motion, but manly thoughts and a becoming confidence."Another has said,

"the force of imitation or contagion—one of the most valuable

forces in education—is also much increased by the state of exhilaration into which the dance puts the system."G. Stanley

Hall J maintains that "we need a great, general revival of the art of dancing."He finds in dancing an adequate response of body

and soul to the rhythm sense in humanity. "Rhythm,"says

* Homer, greatest Grecian poet: flourished about 1000 B. C.

f John Locke, great English philosopher, 16321704.

J G. Stanley Hall, noted scientist of today. President of Clark University,

DANCING. 951

he, "is one of the big words in education."''It is one of the

great laws of the Universe."

That the creeds put a ban upon dancing is not at all strange, as the art was sadly prostituted by its devotees. It lends itself

readily to baseness, when practiced by the unclean. Religionists

in the world today condemn its practice among the Latterday

Saints, because they are incapable of conceiving the spirit and beauty in which it is indulged by us. President Young used to say

"Those who cannot serve God with a pure heart in the dance, should not dance.""If you wish to dance, dance; and you are just as much prepared for a

prayer meeting after dancing as ever you were, if you are saints. ""If you

desire to ask God for anything, you are as well prepared to do so in the dance, as in any other place, if you are saints."

It is in this spirit that the Latterday Saints have ever engaged in this recreation; and it is in this spirit in which the art

must ever be practiced. Other concomitants may change, but this

element must ever remain the same.

And it is well, too, we think, to perpetuate all other good elements that have elevated this form of amusement. Wherever

dancing has been indulged in by refined and cultured people, there have been other fundamental constituents. In a modern compendium of social forms, a writer makes this statement:—"The general effect of the brilliancy, beauty and elegance of a ball is to elevate rather than to deprave the mind."

It is these elements of brilliancy, beauty and elegance, that we consider worthy of retaining and embellishing. It may be that

the dances in which our fathers and mothers engaged upon the plains can hardly be spoken of as having been brilliant, but we venture the statement that they were just as brilliant as the circumstances and conditions could make them. Beauty we know was

there, for we have often been told how our fathers came out in their best linens and jeans, and how our mothers prided themselves on their neat linsey and calico dresses. That grace and elegance

must have characterized their movement has been manifested to us on many occasions since, when we have danced in the same set as these "Oldtimers,"and have been put to shame when we have compared our awkward, ungainly movements with their elastic and graceful steps.

952 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Brilliancy, beauty and elegance are elements of the dance which the Latterday Saints have desired to perpetuate. Candledips, kerosene, acetylene and electricity mark characteristic stages

of ballroom brilliancy. The young people of the Church who attended, in June, the reception given Religion Class workers, or

that given the Improvement workers in Whitney Hall, have a very adequate conception of a brilliant ballroom. They have, too, in

their minds a picture of beauty, as they recall hundreds of young people, with healthy, robust physiques, fresh, clean, and neatly clad, gliding to and fro in consonance with the music. These parties seemed to us models of their kind. In all the wards of Zion

let us imitate their good features.

Let us make our ballrooms as brilliant as possible; light is a

grand and beautiful thing. It promotes purity of thought and action. Let us have as much beauty as possible; the room large,

airy and cheery; clean, fresh walls with a beautiful picture, here

and there; tasty decorations, on occasion; above all, let innocence,

vigor, beauty, shine forth from the countenances of our young people, and let modesty, delicacy and refinement be manifested in their attire; let purity, elegance, and culture characterize our

every thought and movement in the ballroom. To heighten the

effect of beauty and elegance, let us cultivate the spirit of courtesy, chivalry, gallantry, that have characterized our inaugural balls,and state functions from our earliest history. They who have seen

pictures or read accounts of the colonial balls have images of gallantry, politeness and civility, that are well worth cherishing. A

picture of a colonial ball came to my mind recently when I read this extract from Ruskin, in the July number of the Ladies'Home

Journal.

I wish there were a true order of chivalry for our youth * * * in which boys and girls would receive, at a given age, their Knighthood and Ladyhood, by true title; attainable only by certain probation and trial, both of character and

accomplishment; and to be forfeited on conviction, by their peers, of any dishonorable act.

V If this Knighthood and Ladyhood were attained, how appropriately could it be manifested in our dancing parties

Oakley, Idaho.

.

"SALUTE NO MAN BY THE WAY."

BY PRESIDENT RUFUS K. HARDY OF THE NEW ZEALAND MISSION.

After traveling among the Maoris, natives of New Zealand, one is not surprised at the Prophet Elisha, when sending Gehazi to the son of the Shunamite woman, commanding him to "Salute no man by the way."And again, when Christ sent forth the

seventy, we find this same strange command, "Salute no man by the way."The Maoris, you will understand, are descendants of Israel

Transporting the Company Overland.

.

954 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

How do we know? Well, about six hundred years, B.C., Lehi,

an Israelite, and his colony left Jerusalem, and by the power of

God were led to a land of promise, America. Several hundred

years after their landing in America, one Hagoth built ships and set sail on the great ocean now called the Pacific Ocean. According to history, some of these were no more heard of until we trace

through tradition their landing at Hawaiki. From Hawaiki the

Maoris'forefathers came to New Zealand, in large canoes. They

had not with them the sacred records of Israel, but customs and traditions were handed down from generation to generation, consequently we do not wonder at finding many Israelitish customs among them, and particularly the one of greeting, which explains, "Salute no man by the way."

Picture No. 1 shows a company being transported from the

landing place to the village which is some miles inland. Upon

nearing the pa, or village, a messenger is sent forward with the news that the visitors are approaching. In return the hosts dispatch a member of their own tribe, practically void of clothing,

bearing in his hand a token or symbol from his people. Upon

approaching the visiting party, he indulges in the old time dance of welcome, together with the pukana which is nothing more nor less than a pulling of the most horrible faces imaginable, a rolling of eyes, and a protruding of the tongue. Children are taught

this from their infancy, so that men are pastmasters in the art.

Then, casting his token at the feet of the visitors, he retreats, always with his face to the visitors and his back to his own tribe until within a short distance of the marae, or village campus.

The token, a green branch or bunch of huia feathers, anciently signified peace, love, and good welcome to the visitors; the

stone ax, or mere, or piece of flax tied tightly into a knot, on the other hand, meant that differences existed between the tribes which only wise counsel or battle could overcome

The Maori, without a written language, still has a high sense of etiquette and proper decorum, especially towards his visitors, so that their human calling cards, upon state occasions, are just as essential as are embossed and engraved ones.

The messenger slowly retreats until lost in the midst of a company of women and girls (Picture No. 2) who approach, wav-

"SALUTE NO MAN BY THU WAY."955

ing green branches and singing the Maori wuafasongs of welcome, which are accompanied by their lusty and longdrawn out cries of, Haere mail Nau mail The women, still dancing, retreat, and their places are taken by from fifty to one hundred, practically naked men who dance the ancient war dances, and they are many and varied as were their battles, so that each posture and change of attitude is to remind all present of the deeds of valor of their sires, upon occasions which are too well remembered by the now living and peaceful remnant of Maoridom.

This welcome ended, portraits of the departed chiefs of the

Singing Songs of Welcome.

tribe are conspicuously displayed, and the tangi, or wail, is heard.

This, from some distance, sounds like the noise numerous mosquitos make in swamps, at night. But when near, it is the most

melancholy, sad, and pathetic sound one ever heard. Through the

crying come the broken words of anguish for those who have departed. Truly it is as ''Rachel weeping for her children, and would

not be comforted."

The tangi ended, the chiefs belonging to the village proceed with long and eloquent speeches of welcome, which in turn are answered by the visiting chiefs, after which the people of the village form in line to permit as speedily as possible the real saluta956 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

tion, or hongi to take place. Very often victuals, and in some instances beds are provided the visitors before this part of the

ceremony is reached, depending upon the length of korero, or talk, to be indulged in. The hongi always comes after all matters have

been amicably settled, and is the form of salutation handed down for many generations, and consists in the greeting parties clasping right hands and pressing their noses together, strength of the pressure denoting the strength of love, and unless tears from both

The Maori Form of Salutation.

freely flow, accompanied by low spoken or chanted words of condolence, love and cheer, the greeting is one not characterized by much love.

In the case of relatives meeting after a separation, particularly where deaths have occurred during this time, the hongi, or nose pressure, lasts from five to ten minutes with each person.

In a line such as you see in Picture No. 3, where there are hundreds of guests to be greeted by hundreds of hosts, the native

''SALUTE NO MAN BY THE WAY."957

suppresses his strong desire and curbs his overflowing love until the operation is one of from ten to thirty seconds for each individual, and by the time you have pressed noses with two hundred people you can truly say that the injunction, "to greet no man by the way,"was a Godgiven one.

Picture No. 4 represents some of the cooking utensils of the

Maori. Those in the foreground, pots, etc., are modern ones

brought to him by the pakeha. They are used mainly for the preparation of foods of a liquid nature. Anciently, his method of

procuring hot water was by placing water in a hollowed log, and throwing hot stones into the water until it was the required temperature.

The Maori oven, or hangi, is the treasure and gift of his forefathers to him. This method of cooking food is a very successful

one, and consists in first digging a pit, the depth of which is governed by the quantity of food required; then placing, properly,

wood in the pit so that when ignited it will burn clean and leave nn charred or smoking ends. Upon this wood is placed stones,

Maori Cooking Utensils.

958 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

which are selected by the Maori for their hardness and heatretain- ing qualities. In the picture you will notice there are upon the

heap, horse shoes and scrap iron, which the modern Maori finds to answer as well as stones. As the wood burns, the stones fall to

the bottom, and when the wood is consumed, are at white heat.

Then over the whole is placed a layer of aromatic leaves; then

a layer of potatoes; next a layer of meat; then a layer of sweet

Products made by the Sisters of the Relief Society.

potatoes; then a layer of fish. All this is held in place by flax

neatly woven, and which surrounds the pit giving it the appearance of a short smokestack. Then, over all this is poured several gallons of water, and the steam thus generated is made, by covering

the whole with flax and dirt,'to deliciously cook the meal in such a way that none of its juices or flavors are lost. Picture No. 5

represents work done by sisters of the Relief Society.

Aukland, N. Z.

EDITOR'S TABLE.

A VITAL QUESTION.

A physician who desires to "know the gospel,"which he is convinced is true, asks that he be given a correct answer to an important question, that he may learn the consistent position to be taken on the matter from the standpoint of a Latterday Saint.

He states that, being a physician, he is in a position to hear expressions directly from individuals themselves, upon the question which he considers truly vital. It is upon the subject President Roosevelt has denominated rae suicide. The doctor is authority for the statement that a great many people, even among

the Latterday Saints, hold to the view that parents should control the size of their families; that they should not be the means

of bringing children into the world unless "they are able in every way to provide for their children's wants in keeping with modern requirements;''that prevention of birth is justifiable, even where

parents are in strong physical health, provided criminal measures are not resorted to. He admits that, without doubt, there are

ways by which it is possible, without resorting to recognized criminal measures, to limit one's family practically as absolutely as is being done in France.

He then asks, "Is it proper and right in the sight of God for parents intentionally to prevent, by any means whatever, the spirits, the sons and daughters of our Heavenly Father, from obtaining earthly tabernacles? I have, of course, only reference to

parents lawfully married, and specifically to Latterday Saints."

In a general way, and as a rule, the answer to this question is an emphatic negative. I do not hesitate to say that prevention

960 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

is wrong. It brings in its train "a host of social evils. It destroys the morals of a community and nation. It creates hatred

and selfishness in the hearts of men and women, and perverts their natural qualities of love and service, changing them to hate and aversion. It causes death, decay, and degeneration instead of

life, growth, and advancement. And finally, it disregards or

''Multiply andannuls the great commandment of God to man, replenish the earth."

I am now speaking of the normally healthy man and woman.

But, that there are weak and sickly people who in wisdom, discretion and common sense should be counted as exceptions, only strengthens the general rule. It is not necessary to go into

detail concerning the wisdom of prevention in these cases, only to say that in my estimation no prevention, even in such cases, is legitimate except through absolute abstinence.

There is also a kindred evil which has far too many advocates among the young men of the Church. It is the growing tendency

to delay marriage, often ending in final celibacy. This is growing

to be one of the greatest social evils of our country, and its baneful influence has not escaped our own people. This affects most

those who can financially best afford to marry: the socalled better

and more intelligent class of young men, the thrifty class, from whom it is perhaps most to be desired that they should be the parents of the coming generation. Good authorities have said

that except by emigration there is almost no increase of population in this country. Statistics testify that nearly half who are

born, die before maturity; and that therefore to maintain our

present population, which in America can in no sense be said to be overcrowded, it is the duty of every physically mature and mentally and morally sound man to marry and have children. But what is the

fact? There are multitudes of married people who through selfishness

and prevention either have no children, or at most one or two;

and in addition to this, there is an increasing number of men who delay marriage until they become celibates, which often means moral degenerates. In a land of opportunities like ours, it

is not legitimate for men holding these qualifications to excuse themselves, on financial grounds, either for delay in marriage; or,

married, for prevention of the birth of children. It is a cowardly

EDITOR'S TABLE. 961

expedient, displeasing in the sight of God, and a most serious evil as well as social loss to the community and the nation.

Joseph F-. Smith.

CLOSE OF VOLUME ELEVEN.

This number closes volume eleven of the Improvement Era;

it has marked the highest circulation in the history of the magazine. We are thankful to our friends for the loyal support

extended to our publication. To the officers of the Y. M. M. I. A.

and the presidents of Seventies we extend sincere thanks for their help in obtaining subscribers, and trust they may prove as energetic and loyal in this respect for volume twelve. We all owe a

debt of gratitude to the writers who have contributed their best efforts to the pages of the Era. We call the attention of our readers

to the good things in the announcement of volume twelve in this number, and invite them to renew their subscriptions on the blank found in the advertising pages. We solicit the cooperation of all

to make the Era a greater power for the great cause which it represents.

MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS.

The report of baptisms for July in the Scandinavian mission is given by President Soren Rasmussen as follows: in Copenhagen 11; in Aarhus 2; in Aalborg 3;

in Christiania 10; Bergen 2; Trondhjem 1. He writes President Penrose of the

British Mission that the prospects for the future are very encouraging.

Elder John Loosely, of Clarkston, Utah, died in Europe on July 29. He had

been laboring as a missionary in the Swiss and German Mission fur more than thirty months, doing faithful service. The remains were sent from Cologne,

August 3, in charge of Elder Archie Willey. Elder Loosely leaves a wife and

962 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

six children who have the heartfelt sympathy of all their friends in the death of their husband and father.

President Charles G. Jarman of the Bristol Conference, England, writes,

August 13: ''The work of the Lord is growing in this part of the vineyard, The

month of June was the banner month for the Bristol Conference, the average labor for each elder being as follows; tracts delivered from door to door, 1,828; books

distributed, 70; gospel conversations, 198. The semiannual conference was

held on the 24th of May, and all the elders expressed themselves as pleased with the work in which they aro engaged."

The Millennial Star calls attention to a letter written by a non- "Mormon"which appeared in the Bradford Daily Telegraph, August 14, in relation to the

Horton Lane Chapel, one of the largest places of worship in Bradford, and which belongs to a branch of the Methodists, once very popular but now no longer ableto support a minister. It is, therefore, closed, and the question has been asked,

"What is to become of Horton Lane Chapel?"Several suggestions have appeared

in the Telegraph, and the latest quoted in the Star is from Mr. J. M. Shilling.

He suggests that the church be handed over "either as a gift, or on an extended jease at a reasonable rent to the 'Mormons.'it would then stand a chance of

becoming a House of Light and Power, so much needed in this city. This hitherto ostracised people, the Latterday Saints, are the most real progressive section

of the Christian Church, and money is not a question with them. They have in

this district a membership of 700 or 800 with twentyfive ministers; collections

are not known amongst them; they ask no help from outside; yet they pay their

way. I heard their president say a short time ago, reading the yearly report,

that every member in his district was accounted for every Sunday, except the sick, who sent a note stating reason of absence; a proof of the vitality that in

them is. I know that they are opposed by the clergy and ministers of the day.

But why? In the weekday school the principal and all the teachers are members

of the 'Mormon'Church, and the sons and daughters of Church of England clergymen, sidesmen, doctors, lawyers, and the wealthy of the district in which it is situated are amongst the pupils. Surely what is good for these would be

good for the people in general. Yours, etc., J. M. Shilling."

In June, 1908, it was ten years since Elder Ben E. Rich was called to preside over the Southern States mission. On August 28, he published his farewell

to the Saints and missionaries of that mission, having been appointed to succeed

Elder J. G. McQuarrie as president of the Eastern States mission, with headquarters in New York. Elder Charles A. Callis, formerly superintendent Y. M. M.

I. A. of Summit stake, later president of the Florida Conference, and recently of

the South Carolina Conference, has been called to succeed Elder Rich, and has published his greeting under date of August 28. In it he says, concerning

the labors of President Rich:

EDITOR'S TABLE. 963

During his administration 25,000 Books of Mormon have been sold; 15,000

Orson Pratt's works; 160,000 Voices of Warning; 150,000 Durants; 25,000 song

books; and 40,000 miscellaneous books bearing on the gospel; 3,500,000 gospel

tracts have been distributed. All of the above, excepting the Books of Mormon,

have been published and distributed in the mission. There have been upwards of

6,800 baptisms; added to the foregoing, the hundreds of thousands of gospel conversations the elders have held with friends and investigators and one gets an

idea of the magnitude of the missionary work in the south.

During President Rich's ministry, the work of the Lord has made substantial progress in the great cities of the south. The beautiful chapel in Jacksonville;

the neat and inviting Church in Atlanta, the "queen city of the south;"the pretty

country chapels with which the country is dotted are some of the monuments to the zeal and untiring industry of this devoted servant of God. And the large and

elegant mission house in Chattanooga is evidence of his wisdom in the management of the temporal affairs of the mission.

Last year there were 843 baptisms in the mission, and it is expected that this year the number will reach 1,000. Between sixteen and seventeen hundred

missionaries have labored under President Rich, and he declares that the success of the mission is due to their faithful efforts. They have been obedient, clean

and faithful in every circumstance—traveled through sunshine, rain and sleet,

suffering many privations, and often sleeping in the woods in carrying the gospel message to their brethren and sisters of the world. They have sought entertainment among strangers, taught the gospel at their firesides, and held public meetings in halls, in the woods and upon street corners. "It has been an army of

men,"says Elder'Rich, "that I have been most proud to be associated with, and to enjoy the confidence and respect of such an army of workers has been worth more to me and has brought me more happiness than any other that could have been bestowed by the combined armies of the greatest earthly powers in existence.

The hour of parting of necessity brings with it sadness, and to say goodby to my brethren, to the Saints and to our dear mission home, touches the tenderest strings of my heart."

To the people of the South, he says

God bless the people of the Southern States! Thousands ef them, many of

whom do not belong to the Church, have opened their homes as a resting place for our elders, giving them both food and shelter in the name of -a disciple of

Christ. At times we have had over five hundred elders laboring as missionaries,

the majority of whom were traveling without purse or scrip, and many times most of them were housed and fed by people who were not members of the Church.

God's eternal blessings rest upon them. If I could speak personally to these

generoushearted Southerners, I would say that the day will come when the Master will say to them, I was hungry and ye fed me, I was tired, and ye gave me a bed, was surrounded by mobs and ye defended me; and if they ask, when did we

do this? the Master will point to the "Mormon"elders and say. Ye have done it

unto them, therefore ye have done it unto me. In the cities of the south I have

enjoyed the hospitality of these people, and in the woods of the south I have been welcomed with the beet they had. In times of peace they have ministered to my

comforts, and in times of trouble, when surrounded by armed mobs, they have shown a willingness to lay down their lives for me; and I say again, God bless

the people of the south! I shall be grateful if the elders will tell our Saints and

964 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

friends that I carry with me to my new field of labor happy recollections of my missionary days in the Southern States.

Elder J. L. Workman writes the News from San Antonio, Texas, August 21:

"Last month the Central States Mission sold 577 Books of Mormon, 4,301 small books, and distributed 40,000 tracts."He states that the Mexicans are more

interested in the Book of Mormon than any one else. The South Texas Conference

embraces the south half of the state, and there are thirteen elders laboring there, four in the country and nine in the city. Elders Henry Oyler, J. D. Pratt, Edwin

Gittus and J. C. Qualman are laboring in the country districts, visiting Saints,

investigators, friends and others.

The following elders are in the city laboring for three months during the warmest weather: J. L. Workman, W. E. Bay, J. H. Luke, A. J. Cordon, M. F.

Hixson; J. E. Mitchell, Niels Christenson, P. D. McArthur and J. S. Martin.

Elder George M. Cannon, Jr., writing under date of August 19, from Cape

Colony, South Africa, says: "Our mission here in South Africa is growing

rapidly, so rapidly, in fact, that the churches around us here are quite alarmed.

To stop our growth they are organizing missions also and hold street meetings in the district where most of our investigators and the Saints are living. We are

losing no ground, however, by the opposition, for sometimes those who conduct these meetings become overzealous and fly into fits of slander anl denunciation.

This occurred some two weeks ago, but two of us happened to be at hand, and after the meeting was over the crowd listened to the true side of 'Mormonism.'

Our friends saw our attitude, and they recognized that the opposition had been unChristian-like. The more reasonable ones among them apologized for what

they had said and done. Of late some little attention has been given to the

Latterday Saints by a newspaper at Capetown, whose editor is exceptionally liberal and fair with us. Articles appeared in about six issues both for and

against our work here, and they will do much to arouse an interest in our message. I wish the Era success. It is a strength and encouragement to us missionaries in the field."

Elder James H. Piatt, writing from Oldham, England, August 18, says

that in the Manchester Conference the Mutual is fully organized, and that during the year past the members have been studying Spiritual Growth. The Manual

has done good service to the young folks of that branch, and Saints and friends have shown marked interest in the study. Some have walked two and three miles

after a hard day's work, rain or fair, to attend the M. I. A. meeting and enjoy

the good spirit always present. It is a bright example to some of the young people at home who, notwithstanding their many conveniences, are still often indifferent in their attendance. The Oldham young people liked the last year's Manua

so well that they have ordered a dozen Senior Manuals for 1908-9, and will continue their studies.

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLE.

BY B. H. ROBERTS, MEMBER OF THE FIRST COUNCIL.

Seventies Conference.—There will be a General Seventies Conference

convened in Barratt Hall, L. D. S. University Building, on Saturday evening,

October 3, 1908. A general attendance is desired, and every quorum should seek

to have representatives present who will be prepared to report the work of their quorum if called upon, and to participate generally in the spirit and subjects of the occasion. During Saturday, representatives of the quorums are requested

to call at the Seventies office, 313 Templeton Building, and report the probable number of their presidents and members who will be in attendance, as from this information the attendance will be noted.

Giving notice of this conference reminds us that one year has passed since the inauguration of the "New Movement"among the Seventies. Have our anticipations of improvement been realized? Has the work accomplished justified

the efforts that have been put forth? Has a wider knowledge of the scriptures been

imparted by our course of study? Have conceptions of the greatness of God's Latterday Work been enlarged? Are quorums in a better condition than one year ago

better organized? Has the attendance increased? Has there been growth in mental

activity, intellectual development, and in the attainment of spiritual power? Let

each quorum answer these review questions for itself on the first Sunday in November, which is to be a day set apart by the Seventies for such review, for fellowship, for the presentation of the officers of the respective quorums, for a vote of confidence (see Council Table in July Era) and preparation made for the inauguration of the work in the coming year. For ourselves, and speaking for the quorums generally,

the First Council would answer all these questions in the affirmative. It may be that

here and there a quorum has disappointed our expectations, but speaking for the whole body of the priesthood represented in the quorums of the Seventy, we believe'that substantial growth over any other preceding year has been made; and,

what is better, conditions have been secured that will make our second year under the "New Movement''more fruitful in results than the past year has been. In

every way we are encouraged, and it is the intention of the First Council to give such service to our quorums that larger growth may result in this second year than in the first; and so year after year do we expect our quorums to increase

their efficiency until they will take on an academic character and be real institu966 IMPRO VEMENT ERA.

tions of learning in the Church of Christ. Are you with us, brethren, in our good

intentions?

Year Book Number II.—The new Year Book, "Outline History of the Dispensation of the Gospel,"will be ready for distribution at the Seventy's Conference,

October 3, 1908. Representatives of the quorums should come authorized by the

quorums to take back with them from the conference the necessary supply of Year

Books for the respective quorums, and thus save the expense of expressage or postage; and it should be remembered that every Seventy in the quorum needs the Year

Book. The subject of which the second Year Book treats is one of intense interest, and we believe in this respect will not fall behind last year's work. The object of the treatise is to give a broad general knowledge of the history of the

various dispensations, striking a cord of unity through them all from the councils in heaven, where the plan of that "eternal life which God that cannot lie promised before the world began,"was considered, down to the beginning at least of the opening of the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times in which it is our joy and glory to work. As the first Year Book was planned to impart a general knowledge

of the scriptures, so the second Year Book is planned to give a general knowledge of these dispensations and so unify them in the minds of our student Seventies as to make them conscious of the great truth that the gospel in all ages is one—''the

power of God unto salvation to every one who believes and obeys it; to the Greek

and the Jew; to the ancient and the modern; the power of God unto salvation in

the past and in the present, as also it will be in the future."It is a great theme,

worthy of the body of priesthood that is to dwell upon it, and we both hope and believe that our brethren will not be disappointed, either in the subject or its treatment. Let every preparation be made for each quorum to begin work upon

the new Year Book the first Sunday in November. If any quorum by that time has

not completed the present year's course of study, let them admonish the individual members to complete the study personally, and let all quorums commence their work together on the new Year Book. There must be no failure in this. We do not

want one quorum lagging behind the others. It is the intention to have the quorums

keep in line in this course of study. Otherwise confusion will result, confusion

that will result in the chaos of the past, out of which at great cost of labor we have emerged. Lat us have no sinking back into that chaotic condition, but march

orderly in line from one year's end to another, and from one subject to another, until in very deed all Israel shall know that to be a Seventy means mental activity, intellectual development, and the attainment oj spiritual power, through earnest, orderly study and right living.

Commendation of the Seventy's Course of Study.—One of the presidents of a quorum in Salt Lake City writes us the following in relation to the

Seventy's course of study during che past year:

Our quorum of Seventy has almost completed the first Year Book, and I want to tell you that never in my life before have I enjoyed studying the gospel as I have this past season. I like the outline, and I know if it is properly handled

SEVENTY'S COUNCIL TABLb. 967

that it is going to result in much good. There are some typographical errors, but

they are not faults of any importance. It is the substance that we want, and I

think we have it. The trouble with many of the brethren is, that they cannot act

or think independently of a book or outline, but in time I look for an originality of thought among the''Mormon"boys that will surprise the world. I hope that the

second outline will be as interesting and suggestive as the first. I intend sending

all the courses of study to the library at Harvard University.

Our quorum is progressing I believe. * * * * Speaking very seriously,

the movement in having the quorums of Seventy meet every Sunday is one of the most important movements in the history of the Church. It is going to result in

teaching more "Mormonism"than anything else I knovv of. Sunday should be the

day of the Priesthood, the day when the priesthood is learning and talking "Mormonism."I am heart and soul for the Seventy's work. May it prosper. Let us

have the new outline. We need it. Success to you always in your work.

On the Matter of Possessing Books of Reference.—One of our presidents writing the editor of the "Table"says:

I have just visited some outlying quorums in recent short trips from the city, and, for the most part, I find the excuse pretty generally made that they do not have very many of the books you refer to in the Year Book. It never occurred

to the Seventies there, I suppose, that they ought to get them. Generally speaking, the Seventies in our farming communities are much better off then those in

our cities. They have more money usually to spare for whatever conveniences

the country affords than we have for city cenveniences, and are more able to buy books. And yet how they begrudge a dollar spent for literature!

What think our brethren in the country of this? Is it not worthy of consideration? In this connection we would add that no one need be discouraged because for the first year's work so many books were referred to. It was explained

in the Year Book itself that "it is not expected, of course, that all our Seventies will be able to secure the entire collection suggested, but it would be well for our members to purchase so many of them as they can afford to buy as the beginning of a small, personal library. The books recommended will not only be useful for

the present year's lessons, but are standard books that will be useful in all the courses of study yet to be prescribed. Inasmuch as individuals may not be able

to purchase these books, we suggest that it would be well for each quorum to take under consideration the propriety of the quorum as a body obtaining this complete list as the foundation of a quorum reference library, that might be available to all for preparation."Again it was explained that the references in the lesson

analysis were made so numerous and varied purposely; "so that if the members

do not happen to have access to one of the dictionaries, or helps or other works of reference, they might possibly have another—one at least out of the many."

So brethren, you who are making excuses for no preparation because of the lack of reference books, think over the suggestion of our correspondent about purchasing books. If you cannot obtain the whole list now, at least get one or two books

-as a commencement of that personal collection of reference books indispensable to the student Seventy.

The Educational Value of the Seventy's Course in Theology.—From

968 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Elder John H. Evans, the "Table"has received the following valuable paper on the

subject of this heading:

During the progress of this year's work in the Seventy's class, the thought has occurred to me again and again that we have a singularly fine opportunity to get the education wnich many of us lament we have had to go without.

In the first place, the work, having been systematically laid out, offers a good chance for the orderly thinking which our schools aim to give. We do not

have a dab here and a dab there, but a series of methodical lessons forming a connected whole. Now, to follow these lessons carefully one after another is

bound not only to give us the information they contain, but to induce certain mental habits which, together with the knowledge gained, constitute an educated person, whether these essentials have bean gained in or out of school. In such

a course one ought to gain discrimination of thought, accuracy of statement, an enlarged memory, a wider outlook upon the world of ideas, some power of correct address, and most of all a habit of reflection and study.

This Seventy's course, so far as time is concerned, is equivalent to a twohour course at a college. Now, since a college study requires two hours of preparation for every hour spent in class recitation, the Seventy's course should need

four hours spent by each man in preparing the lessons. Hence, so far as the student is concerned, the course ought in a great many cases to be equivalent to a

college course. Then in at least some of the classes, collegebred men and professional teachers conduct the recitations. In some cases, therefore, practically

all the conditions obtain that you find in the schools. This fact should be a source

of great inspiration and encouragement to all who feel that they have had insufficient opportunities for gaining an education at institutions of learning.

To be sure, the good effects sought, depend upon the individual exertions of the studentSeventy. But is not this the case at school? Hard work counts everywhere, no less in our religious organizations than at educational institutions. If

one is to make a good recitation, to gain the knowledge desired, or to found an intellectual habit, the way to do so is to work hard. There is no other way—any

more than there is to earn one's daily wage. Plenty of men and women pass

through the schools without getting what they were sent there to obtain. Everything everywhere depends upon individual exertion.

It is often objected, however, when a larger preparation is called for, that we of the Seventy's quorum are men who have to earn our bread by the sweat of our face, and that, therefore, we have very little time to devote to study. Well,

the preparation of the average lesson in our Year Book requires only a "little time"daily. Four hours for every lesson would make a trifle more than half an

hour for each day. Who is there that does not absolutely throw away an hour a

day? Thomas A. Edison, the great inventor, when asked how it was that he could

spend sixteen hours a day on any given piece of work, replied to his questioner "You do something all day long, don't you? Every one does. If you get up at

seven o'clock and go to bed at eleven, you have put in sixteen good hours, and it is certain with most men that they have been doing something all the time. They

have been either walking, or reading, or writing, or thinking. The only trouble

is that they do it about a great many things and I do it about one."Not time,

then, so much as something else is lacking.

Another objection is that we have to work so hard at manual labor that we cannot without great effort bring our minds to the book. This certainly has the

virtue of plausioility—it looks genuine. And I am of the opinion that in most

cases where it is urged, it is really true. But, granting that it is true in every

case, what then? Are we to deny ourselves the greater power, the wider influence,

the increased joy that comes from the cultivation of the mind? Surely, we cannot

give up without a manly struggle! Gladstone, when he grew tired of mental labor,

took the ax and cut down trees, thus finding, not additional toil, but relaxation.

Would not a change of work from the physical to the mental be equally restful?

a

SEVENTTS COUNCIL TABLE. 969

Energetic young men who are struggling for an education often secure one by attending school, and doing the equivalent of a day's work between hours and in the evening. I venture the suggestion, therefore, that some of us find mental work

hard after manual labor, not so much because we are tired bodily as because our minds, from too little exercise in study, have become stiffened. If this be true,

the remedy lies in compelling the intellect to limber up. What we do often, be

comes easy to do. Devoting, patiently and persistently every day, half an hour

or an hour to a careful preparation of the lessons would so oil the joints of the understanding that we should no longer have to urge the plea that physical weariness prevents mental application.

And what would be the reward of this daily toil, thus faithfully performed for, say, ten years? In college it would be forty hours'credit—more than onethird of the credit necessary for graduation with a bachelor's degree. Out of

school it ought to mean as much work, and, therefore, as much information and mental discipline. For, after all, the teacher counts for a good deal less everywhere than most people imagine. All he does is t) guide the line of work; the

pupil toils; and work, fortunately, can be done out as well as in school, and will

bring the same fruit wherever it is carried on conscientiously and with intelligence.

Any one who has done his full duty this year will, by the time it is over, have in mind a pretty good general view of the world's history, sacred and profane—

back ground on which may be projected whatever figures or scenes there may be given us in future Year Books. And by the time this has gone on, say ten years, any

all, a trained mind capable of sus-—knowledgeone who has doneof menhis andpartthings,will haveand,gainedbest ofthe rewards of a really good education

tained attention.

The Era.—This number of the Era closes Volume XI, the first volume during which it has filled the office of "Organ of the Seventies,"as well as of the

Young Men's Mutual Improvement Associations. Presidents of Seventies should

call the attention of their members to the fact that their subscription expires with this number, and should be at once renewed. Remember the Era is the Organ of

the Seventy, and really should be patronized by all Seventies. How valuable it

has been to the presidents and members of our quorums as a means of communication between the First Council and our members cannot, of course, be estimated.

It is not for us to pronounce upon the value of our own work—the Seventy's

present success orCouncil Table—but we feel sure, whatever may have been the

failure of this department, it certainly can be made a valuable adjunct to our work, and doubtless will be increasingly so as the years pass by.

But apart from this, the literature of our magazine is worthy of all commendation, and no subscriber to the Era who has read its productions can doubt having obtained full value for his outlay in money. It is for the Seventies as well

as the Young Men to work earnestly in the interest of this publication. From

partial reports we learn that more than two thousand of our Seventies subscribed for the magazine. With our membership, this number should be doubled, at least,

and we call upon our presidents to make mention of this subject to their members, and in the quorum meetings, especially having it put forward as one of the special items to be considered on "Seventy's Day,"the first Sunday in November. Let

an earnest effort be made in every quorum to enlarge the subscription list, that the influence of the magazine may thereby be increased and more people blessed by its ministrations of thought among them.

MUTUAL WORK.

DUTIES OF STAKE SUPERINTENDENTS AND HOW TO

DO THEM.

This timely talk to M. I. A. officers by Elder H. S. Tanner, of the General

Board, was delivered at the June conference:

Dear Brethren: My subject includes more than I am able to cover in the

allotted time, but I hope to say something that will help you to understand more fully what is required, and show you how to avoid a few obstacles, that—in the

travel to success with greaterlight of some of our accomplishments—you may

satisfaction and freedom. To appreciate the duties appertaining to mutual improvement, we must become acquainted with the road, the means of travel and

the object or destination we have in view.

Mutual improvement was organized for the purpose of assisting in the completion of man's destiny, by implanting in the hearts of the young people a testimony and knowledge of things made known, make them receptive to the revelations of the Lord and develop the gifts of God within them. Not merely the making of believers, but practical workers—doers of the word. Our plans differ by

reason of our experiences. What may appear satisfactory to one, may to another

seem crude and poorly considered. All of us are liable to be satisfied too easily.

That which we only partially conceive we may not properly comprehend, and cannot correctly teach. We must know mutual improvement, if we expect to teach

and do mutual improvement work.

We should adopt the means that will bring the best results. Well planned

work, if properly executed, always gives satisfaction. Our work has been partially outlined, and it is incumbent upon us to be sure of the desired destination

before we commence our journey. Should we lack in initiative, or be unable to

devise a better way, keep in the paths already found safe and secure. Taking

the young men as we do, at the beginning of their transition, we must be vigorous in what we undertake. If we are not energetic, or if unprepared, careless

or indifferent in what we do and full of excuses, we may expect a harvest of sluggards and malcontents.

It was once said that we should kill off the excuse hunters. The man that

works is not an excuse hunter nor an excuse maker. It is the drone who is compelled to hunt for a reason for his existence. Our young men have a right to the

MUTUAL WORK. 971

best that is in us, and if we are not familiar with our work, duty demands that we acquaint ourselves with it. We should know what has been devised and given

for our assistance and not become an encumbrance or hindrance to mutual improvement. Keep in mind the injunction of the Lord, ''Blessed are they that do

his commandments that they may have right to the tree of life and may enter in through the gates into the city. '

Many of us fail in our purpose because we try to "do others"instead of ourselves doing. Work invigorates and enlarges the capacity for work, and those

who will work will find plenty to do. Contentment, ease and luxury destroy ambition and make drones. We must lead the way. Work alone will do away with

the excuse hunter and the excuse maker. There is nothing so healthful and invigorating to mutual improvement as doing the work, and nothing so stagnates

and impedes our work as depending on someone else to do what duty demands of us.

We cannot determine the degree of efficiency unless we know the standard.

If we know the way and do what is required, those associated with us will in like manner become informed and follow our settled and determined pace to the creation of interest. If some refuse to pull in the team, put them in the wagon

where their weight will be less burdensome. An officer that dies should have his

corps removed, that others may not become disaffected. We are told that there

is a time to every purpose under heaven, and we don't want you to get the times mixed up and die just as you are being born.

The man who goes to war without his weapons is not prepared to meet the foe. A wise general trains and disciplines his men and secures his ammunition

and arms before an emergency is possible and before he proceeds to the firing line.

You cannot become too thorough or too familiar with mutual improvement. Even

now your stake and ward organizations should be complete, and immediately you should make ready that nothing be lacking in your plannings and preparation. If

we look for genius or inspiration to drag us through, we will fail. We are expected to get the Spirit of the Lord, and to work and utilize the best that time and

labor has developed, and not sit down and wait for the Lord to force or command us in all things.

A valuable key was given to Oliver Cowdery during the translation of the

Book of Mormon. The Lord said, "You must study it out in your mind, then ask

me if it be right, and if it is right I will cause that your bosom shall burn within you, therefore you shall feel that it is right."

In speaking of the latterdays, the Prophet Isaiah, under the influence of the

Spirit, said: "The people shall dwell in Zion. At Jerusalem thou shalt weep no

more. The Lord will be very gracious unto thee at the voice of thy cry. When

he shall hear it, he will answer thee. And though the Lord give you the bread of

adversity and the water of affliction, yet thy teachers shall not be removed into a corner any more, but thine eyes shall see thy teachers and thine ears shall hear a word behind thee, saying: This is the way, walk ye in it, when ye turn to the right

hand and when ye turn to the left."Those who desire righteousness and do

right shall be warned, and those who labor shall be rewarded.

.972 IMPRO VEMENT ERA

If we desire the help of the Spirit we must make sure of our own willingness by doing the work. It is true, that man's work shall be manifest, that we learn

to do by doing, and that if we speak not according to the law and the testimony it is because there is no light in usIf we do not become familiar with mutual improvement, our conversation will betray us and our labors will be worse than fruitless, for we not only waste our own time and deceive ourselves, but we hinder and destroy the opportunities of those who are subject to such misgivings or inexcusable incompetence. The past contains the record of our opportunities and

achievements, but there is a chance to more perfectly develop our plans in the light of truth and experience and avoid the chafing shoals upon which the systems of human invention are stranded.

You superintendents have selected your assistants, your secretary, treasurer, and board of aids, and you should see that your ward organizations also are properly officered prior to your fall convention and before the opening of the associations. Know personally each officer, and see that every one knows his calling

and that each performs the duties incumbent or appertaining to his office.

The obligation, responsibility and general supervision of the entire work in your stakes rest upon you. We look to you not only to hold and maintain the

record of the past, but to increase the attendance and raise the standard of efficiency. Assign to members of your board the different divisions of the work,

such as the Fund, Manual, Era, Rolls, Records, Minutes, Class Work, etc., and

hold them responsible for the faithful performance of the duties accompanying each division of the work. You must not only see that they know but that

they do the work. Remember that you carry the responsibility for either failure

or success. The only way to constantly know what is being done, and to properly plan and prepare for the doing of what should be done, is to keep in constant touch with your workers, hold meetings regularly with your officers and

visit them in the working departments of the associations. Analyze and thoroughly discuss the work of past years, but especially the work of the present, and

improve wherever possible. The reason some of the stakes are so successful is that

the officers love the work and they are constantly drilling. Work develops faith

and inspires confidence. Faith does things! Faith and confidence will unify our

efforts and make the yoke easy and the burden light.

Our work, like life, is made up of little things. We cannot afford to overlook the essentials. Even the slightest thing, if carefully adjusted, may help to

harmonize and complete the system. If you commence your fall work early

doing what should be done in the proper season, you will obtain a knowledge of your men, and for what they are particularly fitted. One man can do but little.

There is wisdom in counsel and organization. Organize your forces early and be

prepared to intelligently handle every issue. Meet often with your officers and

carefully outline your work. Call your presidents, counselors and aids together at

least once a month, and carefully plan all of your work, and then positively work to your plan. Ascertain the number of young men of mutual improvement age in your

stake and adopt some method of reaching them all—especially those who need you

most. If your organization is complete and your plans well matured, you have

MUTUAL WORK. 973

something to work to. A definite course properly mastered is superior to all of

the haphazard and desultory work, so plan your work and work to your plan.

Have your ward officers meet weekly, and do in the wards as you do in the stake, that there may be an early and successful beginning. If you create an

interest and start them early they will help you to mature plans for doing the work and. effectually reaching the boys. Things gained without effort go easily,

so do not be fearful of the obstacles. Climbing the hills increases the strength

and the power of endurance. Be thankful for the difficulties, for the one who

has something to do has a hope coming and something with which he may be satisfied when his efforts are rewarded.

Confer with the Stake Presidency, secure their cooperation, and make your next convention the best in the history of your stake. Every advancement in

mutual improvement means increase of faith and necessarily greater efficiency in the stake. The cooperation of all in interest is essential. To insure preparation and success and avoid mistakes, begin early and do your work thoroughly.

See that every officer is at the convention, that the subjects are properly handled by competent men, and that the principles underlying this work are properly understood, that your officers may know what is expected of them and get the spirit of the work.

I have visited stakes where but twothirds of the associations were represented, and one half of the officers who had received appointments were somewhere else. Can we hope for success where our interests are so miserably represented?

If your coworkers haven't interest to attend the convention, bury them before they kill your associations.

The business end of your work must not be neglected. If you are careless

in making out your reports or fail to send them to the office when you should, we are liable to suspect neglect in other departments. Your reports and your funds

should be sent to the secretary with promptness that we may know your status.

Should you lack information concerning the scope or detail of the work and the methods to be adopted, consult our General Secretary at once, or the member of our General Board who visits your convention.

When you select your officers see that they become informed and do the work. Remember that much depends on your beginning. If you fall down when

work will bestarting—either from lack of preparation or incompetence—the

burdensome and the yoke will chafe you. Correct, attractive and early commencement will impel proper enthusiasm, and secure satisfaction and success during the

coming season. On the contrary, if the head sleeps the body will be a close

second, your exercises will be dull and uninteresting, your members disgusted and your efforts stigmatized—failure.

is natural and gradual, and We learned during the past winter that growth we should not expect to come spontaneously and suddenly into the possession of a complete and perfect understanding. This work demands careful, constant,

thorough and our most serious consideration. Men could not understand and control the elements about them without understanding the channels through which

they operate. The channels must be understood and there must be perfect compli974 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ance with the law to be recipients of the greatest efficiency. So in the divine

economy, the individual must be in harmony with light and truth, and know the principles with which he is concerned and the entire machinery and its workings to accomplish the greatest good. When you know what to do and what is expected of you, you should immediately find the leaks and weak places, and replace

the weakened and decayed timber, that you may not only keep up the efficiency, but that you may prevent the balance of your material from demoralization and degeneracy. Brethren, you are the standard bearers, and we look to you to lead

our boys to victory. Avoid the slough of bigotry and human inventions. Be

patient, affectionate and considerate, but do not become wiser and holier than the scriptures. Teach, by keeping sacred the principles of righteousness, and lead by

gentleness and persuasion into the light of eternal truth, that our sons may discover and abide the divine and inalienable way.

Prepare yourselves thoroughly, and do it now, that when the associations open, you will not be compelled to rush to the commissary for food and ammunition, only to find your storehouse empty and vour arms rusted. The mustering, drilling,

marshaling and disciplining must precede the battle, that every man may know his duty, be at his post, take the signal from his superior, and march to the front conquering problems so vital to mutual improvement. In conclusion, "plan your

work and work your plan."

M. I. A. AT SMELTER.

Parley H. Little, writing from Smelter, Nevada, August 28, gives an

account of the Mutual Improvement Association in that district: "Smelter is

located fourteen miles north of Ely, Nevada, and consists of a concentrating mill, a smelting plant, and the people engaged in their construction and operation, and of course houses and other business establishments necessary to protect the people and supply them with their daily wants. There are no farms nor gardens,

and the place is nearly barren of trees. It is a smelter town, and the company

owns all the buildings. The population is transient, each day seeing some leave

and some eome. One may find representatives from almost every state in the

Union, and some also from foreign countries. Utah, being a near neighbor, has

a share among them. The town is twentytwo months old, and some of us have

been here eighteen months. We greatly miss the M. LA. and Sunday School,

and other Church organizations, after coming here, since the nearest ward branch is about fifty miles away. Last winter a few of us met and held a testimony

meeting on the first Sunday of every month, and a Mutual every Tuesday, taking a regular course of study. The subject chosen was "The External Evidences of

the truth of the Book of Mormon,"M. I. A. Manual 1903-4. Our lessons are

generally very well prepared and very interesting. We have completed this

Manual and have taken several lessons on "The Internal Evidences of the Book of Mormon,"and in connection with it are reading aloud the first Manual of the series. Not having other Church work to do, we are able to cover the work very

.

MUTUAL WORK. 975

thoroughly. One evening each week is devoted to singing practice, and we have

improved in that line very much. Minutes have been kept of all the meetings,

which, if serving no other purpose will be interesting to the members in the future

Though we have done no very aggressive missionary work, yet we have opportunity now and then of dropping a word or two in explanation of the gospel, or in correcting wrong impressions of the Latterday Saints [and the work they are engaged in. Being away from home, we have learned better how to appreciate the

meetings, and what the Gospel means to us as well as a thorough understanding of the Book of Mormon. We would gladlv receive any advice or counsel that

would be for our benefit in our future work. There have been in all fortyfive different persons who have attended our meetings. Meetings convene at the

homes of the different members. The home shown in this picture is the one in

which the first M. I. A. meeting was held. The names of the members as shown

are as follows: top row, from left to right, Walter Healy, Daniel Davidson, John

Lauritzen, Joseph McConkey; second row, from left to right: Lila Folsom, Nellie

Cartwright, Jennie Davidson. Parley Little, Lizzie Little, Elizabeth Crawford;

third row, from left to right: Robert J. Crawford, Edgar Healy, J. G. Wimmer,

F. G. Finlayson; not present were John Cartwright and Elsie Webber."

The example of this Nevada association is worthy of emulation by all of the Saints wherever they may be found, on the ranches or in the mining camps of the West, and we trust that it will be an inspiration to others to form

Mutual Improvement Associations of the kind here mentioned. This office will

p. f F

976 IMPROVEMENT. ERA.

be glad to do anything in its power to aid them with books, Eras, manuals, or in any other way

HOME OF OUR YOUTH.

Words by Edward H. Anderson. Music by L. D. Edwards.

*- "1 9*—\ Mt It—-I m\. aP -—4-a|r-—F—al

1. Though the stars beam as bright that shine o'er us, Though the

2. Though we gaze at the na - tives of is lands That are

3. There we wander o'er hillside and val - ley, Scanning

brooks sing as sweet where we roam, (we roam) Tho'all bathed by the sea's sil - ver foam, (silver foam) Pluck the pag - es of na - ture's grand tome, (grand tome) Learning l "N -P- w--n l. i-H t-l 1——y—

# y U L na - turelies smiling a round us, Yet*mwe fruits of the fair trees that bios Bom 'Round the les - sons that lin - ger for er With the

4- -*- v 4 -0T-—v—v—F:U2t——p-—

=:t can - not help thinking of home. Fill'd with joy. tho'weP

doors of their trop - i - cal home; Or we rev - el in

mem'ries of childhood and home. Soon the hour shall ap-

I P—-I—I—P-—F P t——r—2—i—*f <0-P—t= F—45 gEg S

I

MUTUAL WORK. 977

I I l

paze at the sun - set Paint - ing gold - en the splendors of Europe, Or we dwell as the pear of our part - ing, On our life's thorny

old spires of Rome, Yet we long to see sun - set much king 'neath his dome: Yet the feel - ings of contrast bepathway to roam! Then at length to meet Savior and

-0 va-l-r 1 1 'P-—I

1- -0 m J—--- -. Kr Nr I fl:\-m1-*-—5—-P—-v—F*tw 1 \j Zj H

dear er Cap the snow bedeck'd mountains of home.

got ten Make us long for the loved scenes of home.

- ful home. loved ones Where the good have a beau - ti

J2-i ft:.—p*a—,, J—tttI—I'.

1 - Ifes? l-b—v—\—&-—

. S * N Dear home of our youth, homeof our youth,how we

F-, \ n-h"

ki/ b u r home of our youth,

-y—*—b

978 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

love, we love thee, How we love with light footsteps to

* N f>i 3 zzzrr--—-<s—mr—1 fs- t 1 pv—P—\—\ -dr -* 7,-fi- <K* r. 9—<<. 9—5 m—

how we love. love thee,How we love with light footsteps to

t= v——--#—#- -*- 1

how we love, love thee, we love, we

roam, With our youth ful com pan - ions, J. -dt &L -sl*—fe "StF*9 m* * V b=i

With our friends and youthful cornpan - ions, With our wm

trrri - -i—P:

love to roam, With our com - pan - ions.

PS

friends and our vouthful com - pan icns, Thro'the

ft 1 l J,vf m t.1 a:w—m-t B2

:=t- = s a -PF= r

2st & 2nd r/f. ad //&. last time.

g /7V&-f?n 1F2m war groves, o'er the meadows of home. home, at home.

tu—m. &- *y*= "Sio--c/*——fl r h-i*—F—R:v—*-——Ff

EVENTS AND COMMENTS.

BY EDWARD H. ANDERSON.

Ponce de Leon Honored.—Four hundred years ago on August 12, Ponce

de Leon, the Spanish explorer, landed in Porto Rico, and on that date this year the island celebrated the anniversary by carrying the remains of the celebrated explorer through the streets of San Juan, and depositing them in a crypt in the cathedral.

New Sultan of Morocco.—Abdel- Aziz, the recognized Sultan, was defeated

August 19, by his brother and rival for the throne, MulaiHafid who has been proclaimed Sultan of Morocco at Tangier, and in most other of the cities except those under the control of the French. It is believed that he must soon be recognized

by the European powers, either individually or through another international conference, though his recognition by them will naturally depend upon his attitude toward the agreements framed at Algeciras.

Local Items.—Senator Smoot returned to Utah from Europe on Saturday

evening, September 5, whither he went as chairman of the Forestry Division of the Commission on Conservation of National Resources, to inquire into the manner of maintaining forests in the old country. His trip was very successful, especially in Germany and Switzerland.—Emma Lucy Gates gave a dramatic and

musical recital at the Salt Lake Theatre, Wednesday evening, September 2. The

three floors of the historic playhouse were entirely sold out, and the standing room was pretty well occupied. The reception she received was an ovation of

which she may well be proud.

The Atlantic Fleet in Australia.—On August 20, the Atlantic battleship

fleet arrived at Sidney, New South Wales, and its approach was watched by great throngs of people on the shore. The week following was given up to a brilliant

succession of parades, entertainments, banquets, and official and popular demonstrations of welcome and goodwill. Friendly messages of congratulation wer

cabled between President Roosevelt and the GovernorGeneral of Australia. The

officials of New South Wales delivered addresses which were responded to by

Admiral Sperry, all emphasizing the ties of kinship and common purpose which bind the peoples of Australia and America. The fleet left Melbourne September 5.

The sailors received high praise for their good conduct on shore.

980 IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Baron Hermann Speck von Sternburg.—The German Ambassador at

Washington since July, 1903, died at Heidelberg, August 23, at the age of 56 years. A writer in the Youth's Companion considers him as one of the ablest

and most popular members of the diplomatic corps at Washington, and his tact was of great service in removing misunderstanding and distrust. He fought in

the FrancoGerman war, and remained in the German military service until 1885, when he was made military attache to the German legation at Washington.

In 1890 he entered the diplomatic service, and was successively secretary of legation at Peking, charge d'affaires at Belgrade, first secretary of the German embassy at Washington, member of the Samoan commission, and consulgeneral of Germany for British India and Ceylon. He married Miss Lillian M. Langham,

of Louisville, Kentucky.

He was born August 21, 1852, in Leeds, England, of an English mother, and was thus exceptionally well qualified to represent Germany in an Englishspeaking country.

Prussia Opens the Way for Women.—Emperor William has endorsed a

promulgation by the Prussian Ministry of Education which may well be considered a very important step in the emancipation of the women of Germany, and an entering wedge to that of the women of other European nations. The regulations

provide that women may be admitted to Prussian Universities. As to the nature

of the decree, the Independent says

A preamble states that the rapid development of modern civilization, the increasing excess of the female over the male population, and the growing disinclination on the part of men in the upper classes to marry, are compelling many of the girls of the middle and higher classes to renounce all hope of fulfilling their natural vocation of becoming wives and mothers. Opportunities are therefore to

be opened to prepare them not only for teaching, but also for other professions.

Women students will be allowed to matriculate at Prussian universities on equal terms with men at the beginning of the coming winter semester. The higher

girls'schools in Prussia will be placed upon an equal footing with boys'schools under the direct control of the government provincial boards or supervising committees, and their teachers will be required to have the same qualifications as those in the boys'schools. The education of the girls will begin at six years, and

they may take up the study of French at the age of nine, and English at the aged of twelve. A year later those girls who wish to take a university course may begin Latin, and will be allowed to enter the universities at the age of nineteen.

Two different preparatory courses are provided for them—a modern and a classical.

Those who do not wish to enter the university may, at the age of fifteen, enter upon four years of special training to become school teachers or governesses, or upon a two years'finishing course in music, languages and domestic science.

A Sermon on Shirking, and on Overcoming Obstacles.—One day,

during the latter part of August, President Roosevelt dedicated a library in the little town of Jordanville, N.Y. He tried to do it without attracting public notice,

but fortunately the printer found him, and has given his sermon to the public.

The library building cost less than $5,000 and has about 2,000 books. His sister,

Mrs. Douglas Robinson, is a donor to the little collection of books. But his serEVENTS AND COMMENTS. 981

mon, which was principally addressed to the farmer, is big, and worth repeating to everybody and everywhere:

I never preach the doctrine of shirking, and I never put play ahead of work.

The happiest persons are those who do well the work before them. I do not envy

the idler, neither the idle son of a multimillionaire nor the "hobo."I have for

both intense pity, of the kind that is not akin to love, but to contempt. The

hardest worked individual on the farm is likely to be the mother or wife of the farmer. If you don't applaud that, you ought to. I believe in the farmer economizing, but on himself, not his wife. I am dead right on that. If you have got

to drop some one, drop one hired man rather than the hired girl. I want to see

buildings like this one used for mothers'meetings. It gives the women a chance

to meet each other socially, and it puts them in better trim for work.

Fathers need the most preaching, yet frequently the mothers, who have hard lives to live, take the unwise course in attempting to benefit their daughters and sons by bringing them up free from hard knocks. Next to hardness of heart the

least desirable quality is softness of heart, and the mother or father should not try to bring up their children in that way. You don't get the right stuff out of

those children for the next war, or you don't get decent citizens when there isn't any war. Bring them up to work, so that they shall recognize that an obstacle

is not something to be shirked but to be overcome.

State Republican Conventions.—On the 15th of September, the state

Republican convention of Utah nominated the following presidential electors and state ticket:

For Presidential electors: Thomas Sevy, Garfield County; Lafayette Holbrook,

Utah County; Henry Cohn, Salt Lake County.

Republican State Ticket.—For Governor, William Spry, Salt Lake County.

For Justice of the Supreme Court, W. M. M'Carty, Sevier County. For Representative in Congress, Joseph Howell, Cache County. For Secretary of State, C.

S. Tingey, Juab County. For State Treasurer, David Mattson, Weber County.

For State Auditor, Jesse D. Jewkes, Emery County. For Attorney General, A.

R. Barnes, Salt Lake County. For Superintendent of Public Instruction, A. C.

Nelson, Sanpete County.

In Idaho, the following Republican state ticket was elected at the Boise convention held early in the month:

United States Senator, Weldon B. Heyburn of Shoshone. Congressman,

Thomas R. Hamer of Fremont. Governor, James H. Brady of Bannock. Lieutenant Governor, L. H. Sweetzer of Cassia. Secretary of State, Robert Lausdon of

Washington. Attorney General, D. C. McDougal of Oneida. Auditor, S. B.

Taylor of Bonner. Treasurer, C. A. Hastings of Nez Perce. Mine Inspector,

F. C Moore of Shoshone. Superintendent of Public Instruction, S. Belle Chamberlain. Presidential Electors, Edgar Wilson of Ada, John Lamb of Owyhee, A. A.

Crane of Kootenai.

The Idaho Republicans also adopted the following county local option plank, which deals with the liquor question:

Section 9. The constitution of this state declares that the first consideration

of all good government is the virtue and sobriety of the people, and the purity of the home, and that the legislature shall further all wise and well directed efforts 982 IMPR VEMENT ERA.

for the promotion of temperance and morality. We therefore declare in favor of

an effective county local option law, so that the people in every county in this state can have the power to decide whether or not the liquor business shall be carried on within their respective county boundaries, and we pledge the support of the Republican party of this state to the enactment of legislation which will bring about that result.

Elizabeth H. P. Higgs.—On September 10, Elizabeth Hannah Park

Higgs, widow of the late Thomas Higgs well known in this city, and who spent some fifteen years in Manti, Sanpete county, died at her residence in the Tenth ward. She was born in England, on the 2nd of May, 1827, joined the Church at

Derby, England, and emigrated to Utah, in 1856. She arrived with Edward

Martin's handcart company on the 30th of November of that year. The company

wag detained by unusually early snowstorms, and many of the emigrants died from exposure in the mountains. The handcarts had to be gradually abandoned,

as the relief teams from the valley were met. Mrs. Higgs was then a young girl,

strong to withstand the fearful exposure that she with others was subjected to.

After arriving in the valley, she lived some time with the family of President

Brigham Young, and in the early sixties married Thomas Higgs, with whom she had two children, Alpha J. Higgs the present general secretary of the Y. M. M.

I. A., also counselor to the bishop of the Tenth ward, and who recently labored

in the Liverpool office under the direction of Apostle Heber J. Grant; and the

late Jesse B. Higgs, for a long time stake secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A. of the

Salt Lake stake before the division. At the time of his death he was also a

member of the bishopric of the Tenth ward, where he acted as counselor to the bishopJust prior to his death he had returned from a mission to England, where he labored under the direction of President Francis M. Lyman. Mrs. Higgs was a

woman loyally devoted to her children, and was faithful to the gospel. She was

a woman whose life and labors were reflected in her sons, and those who are familiar with them will readily recognize the value of her labors in this regard.

In her boys her character is reflected. She was an honest, upright faithful and

energetic woman, loyal to her friends, to her children, her faith and her Church.

The burial took place from the Tenth ward meetinghouse, Sunday, September 13.

Is War Near at Hand?—Lord Cromer, for many years the actual if not

the nominal ruler of Egypt, now occupies a seat in the House of Lords where his voice is heard and his influence felt in a remarkable manner throughout the British empire. The House of Commons has just been passing an "old age pension"

in answer to the demands of modern socialism in England. The pension will

naturally make a heavy demand on the British exchequer. In expressing his opposition against the new measure, he sets the whole country in a state of feverish

excitement by declaring that a European war is near at hand. That part of his

speech which has set the whole country ajar is given in the following excerpt:

What in the present condition of Europe is the main duty which devolves upon the government of this country? For my own part I have no sort of hesitation in replying to this question: Their main duty is to make provision betimes for

EVENTS AND COMMENTS. 983

a European conflict which may not improbably be forced on us before many years have elapsed.

I am aware that the mass of the people of this country who do not follow foreign affairs with very close attention, are not alive to the possibility of any such conflict taking place. I say it is the duty of a government gifted with both

patriotism and foresight, who have means of information at their disposal which is not available to the general public, to provide betimes for the danger, a danger of which I, in common, I believe, with most people who can speak with real authority of foreign affairs, am firmly convinced exists.

My Lords, I now am treading on delicate ground. It is neither necessary

nor desirable that I should state at length my reason for holding this opinion. I

will only say that in order to justify it.it is quite unnecessary to impugn the good

faith of those high authorities abroad who constantly reiterate their peaceful intentions. Neither is it necessary to hold that any intentions deliberately hostile

to this country exist.

We are, however, living in times when the influence of individuals, however highly placed, is limited. When national interests are involved and race passion

is excited, there is always a risk, and more than a risk, that a collision between rival nations will take place, however pacific the intentions of their rulers. Let

me add that if, as I believe will be the case, the enactment of this law imperils the cause of free trade, the chances of a collision will be materially increased.

Those who have watched the course of recent events in Great Britain will have noticed the remarkable change which has been made in the past policy of that country, a policy heretofore noted for the isolation of Great Britain. The

English have had no allies, they have been mistress of the seas, and their command of the foreign market of the world and the separation of their island from continental Europe, have given them an independent station in European diplomacy.

England's influence upon the ocean has been what Germany's influence has been upon the continent. In recent years this policy of isolation has given way to a

systematic effort to establish certain alliances with European countries. King

Edward VII has been making friendly calls upon the President of France and the

Czar of Russia. At first the announcement has been made that there is no alliance, simply an entente cordiale, in plain English, a cordial understanding. Later

an announcement has been made of an alliance. For a number of months Great

Britain has been fixing up her affairs in Asia with Russia. These countries have

been marking out carefully the zones of their influence. In view of the fact that

Russia and England have been at sword's pcint for so many years, this cordial arrangement has seemed to the ordinary onlooker as a remarkable, indeed an incomprehensible, change in the attitude of England.

Recently, however, Edward VII paid a visit to the Czar of Russia. The exchange of royal compliments was published to the world, and it was said that the

visit had no particular political significance more than the expression of satisfaction over the peaceful arrangements of the difference between Russia and Great

Britain in Asia. Interested and intelligent observers throughout the world have

their own opinions, ''just the same. ''They seriously believed that that visit

meant a triple alliance which included France, England, and Russia. This alliance, it was believed, was meant as an offset to a similar one in the dreibund of

Germany, Austria, and Italy. For many years there has been a strong commercial rivalry between Great Britain and Germany, and notwithstanding the

y84 IMPROVEMENT ERA

efforts between the leaders of the two countries to create a friendly relation, the truth nevertheless exists that there is between the people of these two nations an intense spirit of distrust and antagonism.

The recent visit of King Edward to the Czar, in Russian waters, did not set well with the people of Germany. The alliance among the English, French, and

Russians is sure to be taken in Germany as a challenge. To the minds of the

German people it is sort of a threat of enforced peace which the Germans do not enjoy and which, deep down in their hearts, they resent. It was to this condition

of affairs that Lord Cromer, without any doubt whatever, made reference-.

What now emphasizes the differences more strongly is the trouble in Turkey.

The Grand Vizier, the chief counselor of the Sultan, and who has been most friendly to German interests in the Turkish empire, has been dismissed, and his office filled by a Grand Vizier favorable to the policies of Great Britain.

Lord Cromer is not alone in the grave apprehensions he expresses for the future peace of Europe. The Hague conference furthermore demonstrated that

there were expectations on the part of some of the leading countries of Europe that a European war was more than likely to take place before many years, and that they did not care to be handicapped by any new rules of war or by the establishment of an International Court of Arbitration. The situation is interesting,

to say the least.—Dr. Joseph M. Tanner.

Photo by George Albert Smith.

School house in which the Prophet Joseph Smith's father taught school about 1805, South Royalton, Vt.

Joseph Smith, Senior, "rented a farm from his wife's father. This he cultivated, and to further aid his finances, he taught school in winter."Junior

Manual, 1908-9, p. 21.

A GOOD BOOK IS LIKE A GOOD NAME—BETTER THAN RICHES

ORGAN OF

THE SEVENTIES AND OF THE YOUNG MEN'S

MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS

CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

VOLUME ELEVEN

PUBLISHED BY THE GENERAL BOARD M. I. A.

"What you young people want, is a magazine that will make a book to be bound and kept, with something in it worth keeping.—President John Taylor.

EDITED BY JOSEPH F. SMITH AND EDWARD H. ANDERSON

HEBER J. GRANT, MANAGER, ALPHA J. HIGGS, ASSISTANT MANAGER

Salt Lake City, 1908 The Glory of God is Intelligence

IMPROVEMENT ERA, VOL. XL

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

All is Well! All is Well! 696 Some Dangers of Individualism. 466

Be Alive 715 Thanksgiving Day 55

Boy Problem, The..194, 296, 369, 456 Tracing the Genealogy of Ordination 809Cheerfulness 112 Truth, The 808Christmas in Bethlehem 125 A 959Creation and Growth of Adam, Vital Question,

the Wish for New Year, A 220 The 778: Events and Comments

Dancing 949 Abuse of the Post Card 644

Destiny and Fate 649 Aldrich Bill, The 564

Editor's Table: Another State for Prohibition. 725

Amusement and Recreation....716 Atlantic Fleet in Australia 979

Annual Conference 544 Awakening, The 78

Baptism of Chief Washakie 628 Ballard, Henry 482

Christmas Greetings from the Battleship Idaho 564

First Presidency 140 Bear and the Lion Lie Down

Church Literature in Japan 57 Together, The 79

Close of Volume 11 961 Bishop Robert Taylor Burton.. 159

First Y. M. M. I. A. in JackBoosting Excursion, A 822

son Co 144 Britain's Sea of Liquor 484

Hints on Mutual Helpfulness...885 British Prime Minister 648

Home and the Child, The 300 Census of Cuba 233

Home Culture 626 China Advancing 316 "I Know that My Redeemer Coal Land Fraud Cases 316

Lives"379 Colonization of Siberia 481

In Defense of the Church 143 Conditions in India 642

Is Speculation a Legitimate Crismon, George 395

Means of Earning a LiveliCruise of the Great Pacific Fleet, hood? 806 The 234

Loyalty to Home Manufacture. 218 Danish Painter and Poet Dead. 397

Melchizedek 630 Death of a Pioneer 820

Order of the Priesthood 465 Death of Hon. John Clark.....643

Organization of the Church... 470 Delegates to the Democratic

Physical Exercise in the M. I. National Convention 725

A 305 Delegates to the Republican

Plea for Pure Air, A 303 National Convention 642

Self Control, Its Kingship and Democratic Nominee for PresMajesty 553 ident 822

IV INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

End of the Hague Peace ConPleased with "Self Control"641 ference 157 Political Progress in Russia... 645

: ExPresident Grover Cleveland. 823 Ponce de Leon Honored 979

Financial Panic, The 154 Portuguese Tragedy, The 398

First Aerogram, The 80 Postal Savings Banks 233

First Representatives from MaPresident Jos. F. Smith's Trip

nila 397 to the West 899 Fleet Leaves San Francisco....819 President Roosevelt's Trip

Flygare, N. C 482 Through the Middle West... 76

Fourteenth Ward Reorganized. 480 Presiding Bishopric ReorganFriend of the Young People, A. 641 ized 238

Good Roads 884 Preston, Wm. Bowker 900

Great Charity Gifts 315 Prohibition in Georgia 315'

Higgs, Elizabeth H. P 982 Prussia Opens the Way for

High School Cadets and the Women 980

Fleet, The 646 Punished for Treason 315'

Home Manufacture and Coop- Race Track Gambling Ended in eration 319 New York 821 Huntsville and Prohibition 396 Railroad Accidents 233Important Events 819, 897 Republican Nominees for PresiIndiana Conference 488 dent and VicePresident 824

Is War Near at Hand? 982 Republican Platform 820"

Japan's Pacific Intentions 317 Right Kind of Postal Cards to

King Oscar II 237 Send to Your Friends, The.. 819

Labor Troubles in Nevada, The. 317 Saloon Question, The 485

Liquor Question, The 234 Salt Lake is Bonded for $600,-

Local Items 979 000 898 Lord Kelvin Dead 316 Scandinavian Reunion and ConMcKinley Mausoleum Dediference 884 cated 177 Monument to Hirini Whaanga.725 Schoolhouse Fire and Panic. 480

...641 Meetinghouse. Second Ward 482 Naisbitt, Henry W 156 in Manila Taft Secretary 315 National Conventions, The

National Democratic Platform. 820 Senator Smoot Goes to Europe. 819

Naval Bureau Battle 316 Sentence of Lieutenant General

Nebo Stake Tabernacle 77 Stoessel 564.;.980 New Member of the Quorum of Sermon on Shirking

the Twelve 74 Sixtieth Congress 240

New Secretary of War 820 Socialists and Bombs 564

New Senator, A 315 Soda Fountain Fad, The 644..981 New Stake of Zion 480 State Republican Convention.

726 Joseph.. Statue of the Prophet Sultan of Morocco 979 New

..395 Clarence. Edmund 236 Steadman, Prizes Nobel

Northern States Mission, The.. 568 Sternburg, Baron Hermann

November Elections 155 Speck Von 980

Ocean Speed Record 725 Sunday School Union 566

Ocean Travel Record, The 237 Talmage, Susa A 728

Oklahoma 75 Temperance 565 Our Ambassador in Berlin 567 Terrorism 486

Peace Day 643 Third Douma 160, 239

Philippine Code, The 902 Union Stake Tabernacle, The.. 155

Pioneer of 1847 Dead 160 U. S. Navy 233

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. page.

Utah at the Jamestown ExpoHow May a Young Man Gain sition 158 Success? 803

Utah Bank Failed 240 Illustrations:

Utah Idaho Sugar Co 566 Active Volcano as Seen at

Utah is Again Distinguished...821 Night 579

Utah's Public Schools 318 After the Feast—the Fat Boy.. 835

Utah State Fair 80 Apple Pickers on Farm of J. G.

Violent Storms 641 Lambert, etc 198 "Wayne Sentinel"of 1830, The. 154 Approach to Groote Schuur 258

Weber Stake Divided and Re- "A Road Which Led Through organized 899 Banks of Shrubbery"346 "We Cannot"726 Aspen Forest in the Uintahs... 109

What the "Mormons"Are 726 Athens, Greece, as Seen from

Whitney, Horace Newel 884 the Acropolis 857

Young Turkey 903 At the Entrance to Damascus

Z. C. M.1 566 Gate 875

Experience of the Plains, An 755 "A Young Couple was Seated

Father Bundy and the AllWood Upon the Grass"347

Wagon 169 Badger, Ralph A 257 For the Increase of Faith: Bank of England Corner, The..425

Aid from Beyond the Veil 362 Bertrand, Louis A 88

Aid in Vicarious Work 582 Birch, E. F 562

Blessing and Testimony of Pres. Birthplace of Joseph Smith.... 135

Joseph F. Smith 765 Birthplace of Joseph smith the

Drifted Away. Brought Back Prophet

by the Spirit 764 Alvin's Peak and Deer.... 435

Literal Fulfilment of Blessings Lily Pond, The 436

Received Through the Holy Block House of Old Fort Pitt..244

Priesthood 418 Bouquet, Henry 249

My Father Rewards Me 583 Brick Schoolhouse,Cream Ridge, "My Mother's Religion is Good N. J 354

Enough for Me"763 Brigham Young's Home in NauRemarkable Testimony Meeting, voo 621

A 762 Bryan, William Jennings 822

Sacredness of the Temple 361 Spirit Beareth Witness, The... 762 Buell, Oliver 837 "Bump"at the Barges, A 802 Voice of the Spirit, The 535

Burton, General Robert Taylor. 138Foundation Stones of Faith 851

Fragment of Early Church HisCahoon, Elder 632 tory, A 353 Camping at Echo 489 Canyon Stream 50Fraudulent Prophecy Exposed, A. 161

'German Carnival, The 615 Carpenter's Hall 658

Good and Evil Influences 252 Carthage Jail as it was in 1844..623

Governor's Congress, The 880 Charlton, Samuel 411

Grant, Emily Wells 714 Chatham 246 'Groote Schuur—A Sketch 257 Chimney Rock, Wyoming 701

Guardianship in Religion and Choir of Christ Church CatheOther Classes 284 dral 799 "Her Place is Empty"878 Cleveland, Grover 823

Honesty 417 Clift, Dr. Frederic 97

Flow Advantages, Temporal and Country Homes 912

Spiritual, are Lost 281 Crematory, Kofu, Japan 890

How Knowledge Comes 489 Crismon, George 396

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. FAGE.

Crookes, Sir William 236 Henry, Patrick 660

Damascus Gate 875 Hinckley, Christine Johnson 878

Decker, Charles F 838 Holman, Frank E 794

Devil's Gate, The 678 Hoopes, Jesse W 309

Devil's Picture Frame, The 577 House of Jos. H. Dean at RedDougall, Wm. B., Jasper Conmesa 833

rad, and S. F. Kimball, just Hull, Margaret 364

returned from Black Hawk Huntington, D. A 679War, July, 1866 680 Huntington, Dimick Baker 837

Drachmann, Holger Henrik Independence Hall 659

Herholdt 397 Indian With Bow and Arrows. 836

Dutch Gardens, The 263 Interior of the Garden of GethEffective Shot. An 672 semane 873

Elders of the Christiania ConInterior of Patrick Henry's Forference 810 um 656

Emigrant Camp at Wood River. 700 In the Petrified Forests of AriEngland's Beautiful Lake Rezona 358, 359, 360

54 gion—Lake Windermere 354 Ivins, Anthon W

Exeter College Chapel 798 Jacobsen, B. H 793

Exeter College Dining Hall 797 Junior Athletic Club,20th Ward. 476

Faneuil Hall, 1763 657 Kanosh 839

Farm Favorites 15 Karaja, Lucie 856

First Representatives from MaKildeer, The 775 nila 398 Kildeer's Nest, A 776

Flygare, N. C 482 Kimball, Dave, Age 61, and

Forsgren, Peter A 483 Wife 736

Fuller, Perry 562 Kimball, David P -....679.

Gebow and His Squaw 739 Kimball, William Henry 842

General View of High Street Kimball, Solomon F 671 and Some of the Oxford ColKing Oscar II in 1892 237 leges 795 Kipling, Mr. Rudyard 236

Gethsemane and the Mount of. Lava Running Into the Sea, SaOlives 872 vaii, Samoa 521

Golden Gate of the Temple Area, Lava Trail Within Kilauea's

The 874 Floor 575 Grant, George D 843 Lily Lake 186 745 Landing, The Liverpool 680Grant, George W 424 Bridge London Village, Lake Home,Grasmere..845 and the Grave of the Poet Lone Box Canyon in Utah, A.

Wordsworth 351 Magdalen College Tower, and

Great Cracks of 1868, within KilRiver Cherwell 795 auea's Floor 576 Mansion House, The, Nauvoo,

Great Salt Lake 706 111 624 Great Salt Lake City in 1853....670 Maori Customs

Groote Schuur 259 953, 955, 956, 957, 958

Group of Black Hawk Soldiers. 846 Margetts, Phil, 1892 676

Guarding the Train, 1867 757 Meetinghouse at Kirtland, New

Hand Cart Company, A 677 Mexico 940

Hanks, Ephraim Knowlton 838 M. I. A., Auckland, The Ass'n

Hartley, Robert 794 of the Extreme South 812

I. A. in Norvik, Norway... 312Heversham Church 792 M.

"He Crossed the Serpentine by Midgley, Joshua 675 the Bridge"429 Mill on City Creek 936

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Missionaries in Mexican MisSchool House in which Joseph sion 719 Smith's Father Taught School 984

Moment of Suspense—Waiting Secretary Taft 156

for the Starting Gun 801 Shepherd's Fields 129

Mountain Trail, A 673 "She Stood for an Instant,''etc. 189

Mouth of Great Tunnel, MexSmith, Lot 676 ico 222 Smith, Louie Shurtliff 541

Murdock, koyal J 67 Snow, O. A 231Naisbitt, Henry W 483 Stedman, Edward Clarence 395

National Life, Just Out of St. St. John's Church, Patrick n.enStephen's Gate 876 ry's Forum 655

Nebo Stake Tabernacle 78 Stohl, David 309

Nest of Red Winged Blackbird. 684 Street Scene in Bethlehem on

New School House, Sandy, Christmas Day 126

Utah., 450 St. Stephen's Gate 873

265Nibley, Bishop Charles W 217 Summer House, The

Nixon, R. Ray."231 Taft, William H 824

Old Stage Coach, The 497 Talmage, Susa A 728

Old Wind Mill, The 265 Temperance Lecture, With Vivid

One of the Indian Captives PurDemonstrations, A 648 chased by Titus Billings 738 Temple Block, S. L. C, after

One of the Quaint Garden Seats.266 March Snow Storm 526

On a Ranch in Alberta 168 Temporary Meeting Place where

On the Outside of the Crater, Redmesa Ward was OrganSavaii, Samoa 520 ized 833

Oriental God, An 432 "The Bright Angel"176

Pacer—Represents Poor Indian 835 "The Stately Homes of EngPah Utes, Buffalo Robe 834 land"—Hawarden Castle, the

Part of the Interior of an ExHome of Gladstone 345 tinct Crater 574 "They Passed a Typical EngPeak of the Wasatch Range 49 lish Country Village"346

Pittsburgh in 1795 242 Thorup, Joseph F 855

Porcelain Stores, Kiyomizu 209 Tiled Stoep, The 260

Preston, Bp. William B 877 "Tom Tower,"Christ ChurchProhibitive Territory—Map College 800

Showing 235 Twentieth Ward Institute, The. 165

Quadrangle of Oriel College, Union Stake Tabernacle 121 which Cecil Rhodes Attended, Ute Indian Squaw and Pap-

A 796 poose 840 231 View of the Palace from theRawson, W. W

Ready for the Winter Storms.. 177 Grassy Slope 264

Ready to Move 496 Viroque 735 Rear of Groote Schuur 261 Walker, Joseph, Chief of Utes,

Rear Stoep, The 262 and Arrowpene 741

Red Winged Blackbird 682 Wasatch Mountains 1. Bridal Veil Falls, ProvoReeder, Joseph M 309

Richards, Leo N 67 Canyon, Utah 290

Rigdon, Sidney 618 2. In Cottonwood Canyon 329

Rotton Row, Fashionable Lon- 3. Scene in Ogden Canyon.. 337

don's Driveway 430 Washakie 740

Sanjo Bridge, The, Kyoto 210 Watkins, A. E 562

Scott's Bluffs 668 Western Meadow Lark, The... 598

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE

Westminster 'Bridge and Houses Boston Y. M. M. I. A 713

of Parliament 423 Changes in Stake SuperintendWhere Beats the Broad Atlanents 71 tic on Afric's Golden Strand..257 Conference Dates 229

Where the Constitution BuildDawning, The (male quartet or ing Now Stands, opposite Z. chorus) 639

C. M. I, in 1855 836 Details of the Annual M. I. A. '

Where the Jamestown Colonists Conference Meetings 560

First Worshiped... 158 Duties of Stake Superintendents 970

White Horse, Kiowa Chief 841 Echoes from the June Annual

Wickoff Homestead, The 357 Conference 897 "Willard Got Down from the Era, The 151

Bus at the Marble Arch"... 427 Era in Knightsville, The 561

Women and Children of BethleFor M. I. A. Officers 479

hem 131 For Mutual Officers 818 "Yes, I am a Mormon"19 For Superintendents of Stakes

Young, Brigham 617 to Consider 230

In Lighter Mood 62, 633 From England 562

In Old Kyoto, Japan 208 Gospel Call, The (song) 313

In the Days of '49 495 Gymnasium Work in Ward

In the Petrified Forests of AriAmusement Halls 477 zona 359 Hawaiian M. I. A 374

It All Depends 518 Helping to Get Fifteen ThouKeep Good Natured"534 sand 67

Kidron v alley and Gethsemane, Home of Our Youth (a song)..976

Ihe 872 Increasing the Attendance 151

Latterday Saints in Modern AthJunior Athletic Games in the ens, The 855 Twentieth Ward 476Law of Tithing, The 448 M. I. A. Conference 638

Leaders and Followers 596 M. I. A. Conventions 1908 713

Lesson from Lincoln, A 450 M. I. A. Fund 232

Lifters and Leaners 413 M. I. A. Meetings and TheatriLink of Life, A 32 cal Shows 229

Lord Kelvin, The Godfearing 401 M. I. A. at Smelter 974

Lord of All 769 Monthly Officers'Meetings...153

Lost Scripture 1 Monthly Conjoint Meetings...152

Memoirs of a "Mormon,"The... 81 Mutual Farthest North, The... 312

Mental Exercise 216 Mutual Notes 394 "Message of 'Mormonism'to the New Gymnasium for the L. D. S.

World of Today". 905 University and Improvement

Messages from the Missions Associations 478 59, 144,221, 308,388,471, New Officers 897 476, 539, 553, 630, 718, 809, 887, 961 818 Superintendents New 616Metaphor 10 Wanted....231 of Vol. 90 Numbers Smith, The...Mission of Joseph 310 Course Our Reading 523 Skeptic, TheModern

"Mother and Sister Might Hear". 52 Planned Work 68

Mutual Work: Preliminary Programs 895

An Era in Every Home 309 Questions for Some Ward PresAnnual Reports 479 idents 479

Annual Y. M. and Y. L. M. I. A. Records and Roll Books 73

Conference 560 Results of Conversion and

Basket Ball 562 Work 231 INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Singing in the Associations.... 151 My Country's Flag 695

Summer Programs 561, 638 Old and the New Year, The... 232

Summer Work 312, 561 Old Willow Stream, The 412

Supplementary Readings 896 One of Our Faults 936

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistics 818 Our Pioneer Boys 668

Naturnl and Supernatural 178 Place Where Mother Dwells,

Need and Kind of Education, The.825 The 124

Notes 61, 390 Press On 871 One Reason of Failure 602 Psalm of Hope, A 581

On the Altar of Motherhood 540 Recreation 802

Opinion on Home and Other FicSay a Word of Happiness 374 tion, An 287 Storm God, The 12

Oriental Prayer, An 431 Strength for Today 948

Our Pioneer Boys 668, 734, 834 Strive With Self 283

Oxford and the Rhodes ScholarSuffer and Be Strong 95 ships 793 Sunset 754 Patrick Henry's Forum 655 The Greater Fault 919

Philosopher's on Conduct, The This Earth of Ours 460 607, 938 Tribute of Respect to Bishop

Philosophy of Faith and WorBurton, A 137 ship, The 321 Utah 493 Poetry: Visitors, The 256

Alone 522 Waiting 707 Answer to Death, The 341 Walking on the Waves 89

Autumn 26 Watch O'er Me 36 Calvary 588 Work's Worth 502 "Cast Thy Bread Upon the WaWorld, The 201 ters"689 Your Past 854 Changed Cross, The 511 Practical Prayer and Healing....729

Christmas Psalm, A 207 Preexistence 27

Church of Latter Days, The... 368 President Young's Counsel to the

Courtship of Autumn, The.... 48 Soldiers 614

Cross of Sorrow, The 378 Prohibition 789

Dawning, The (male quartet or Prophet's Birthplace, The 133 chorus) 639 Put Energy Into Your Work 881

Easter Song 442 Redeeming the Waste Places....833

Echo of the Ages 51 Reminiscences of Brigham Young. 617

Edna Tide 269 Reminiscences of the Pioneers of

Evangelist, The 530 1854 708 February TwentySecond 299 Resurrection 454

Gospel Call, The (song) 313 Rewards 16

Gospel's Light, The 406 Romance of a Missionary

Happiness 654 17, 113, 187, 270, 342,

Home of Our Youth 976 420, 503, 589, 690, 743, 860, 913 "I Lift Mine Eyes to the Hills". 758 "Salute No Man by the Way"... 953

Joy of Living, The 742 Self Control....570, 686, 751, 847, 933

: Just Hum a Tune and Smile...139 Seventy's Council Table

Let Each Man Learn to Know All Seventies Subject to Mission

Himself 278 Calls 556..392 Love Was King 132 Assignments of Lessons, The.

Missionary's Prayer, The 768 As to Adjournments of Quorum

Mission of Our Master, The... 455 Meetings 891

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE. PAGE.

Avoid Doctrinal Discussion in Questions from One of the

Present Year's Work 723 Quorums 227

Bequests to Quorums 225 Quorum Questions 307

Bible as Literature, The 474 Recent Call for Missionaries,

Commendation of the Seventy's The 473

Course of Study 966 Regular Council Meetings....475

Comment on the Foregoing Regular Official Quorum MeefCongratulations 63 ings 148

Courtesy to Other Quorums....816 Result of Claiming that RevelaEducational Value of Seventy's tion Ceased with the CompleCourse 968 tion of the New Testament

Endorsement of Bishop to SevCanon 637 enty's Recommendation of Roll Call 307

Men for Missions 722 Scripture Reading Exercise. 308,891

Era the Organ of the Seventies, Series of Questions, A 814

The 723, 969 Set of Desirable Books, A 474

Excusing Seventies from Class Seventh President, The 472

Meetings 634 t Seventies and the Sunday

Failure of Some Quorums, The. 150 Schools, The 556

First Lesson, The 65 Seventies'Conference 965

General Conference of the SevSeventies'Conference in 1844... 66

enties, 1907, The 65 Seventies Era Agents 64

Hold on to Sunday 892 St. Luke 636

Important Suggestions 815 Stricter Discipline 147

Inter Quorum Visits 226 Sustaining the Presidents of the

Jesus and the Melchizedek Respective Quorums Annually. 721

Priesthood 557 Temporary Rolls 228

Keep Up the Pace 149 The 1907-8 Year Book.721

Labors of the First Council...149 Under the New Working Con-

"Let This Cup Pass from Me". 634 ditions 147

Meaning of a Passage in Isaiah, Use of Seventies as Home MisThe 635 sionaries, The 393

Misapprehension 893 Use of Seventies as Ward TeachMore On Seeing God 724 ers <5yi

New Movement, The 65 Use the Era l5

New Testament, The 559 When Did Baptizing Begin In

Of Asking Questions 472 the Meridian Dispensation?..306

Official Recognition 64 Whereabouts of the Quorums.. 307

Of Joseph Smith Seeing God...558 Word About the Year Book

Of the Name of God not Being Lessons, A 392

Found in the Book of Esther. 391 Ytar Book No. 2 966

Possessing Books of Reference 967 Yearly Reports for 1907, The.. 149

Preparation of Lessons 892 Slaves 790 to Not Seventies of Presidents Birds...597, 681, 773, 920 Utah Some CounBishop's for Taken Be 199 Spiritual Growth 26 selors

Pronunciation of Book of lvxorSpringtime and Youth 603 raon Names 724 Suggestions to Parents 926 to ProQuestions 1"Temperance—Inspirations

Questions by the Sixtieth gress 779

Quorum of Seventies 814 "The Bright Angel"175

INDEX TO SUBJECTS.

PAGE.

Third Epistle of St. Paul to the Western Gateway of Civilization,PAGE.

Corinthians, A 97 The 241Thoughts a of Farmer 13, 109, Effect What Does EnvironMy 166, 279, 338, 443, 528, 612, 759 ment Have Upon Neighbor? 883 MyThought, The Master Power

is? Success 267 What 586Training of in Children the Home,

in Summer The 42 "What of the Boy

Tribute to Margaret Hull, A 364 Time?"530

Use of the Idle Hour, The 514 What of the Home Coming?

Views from the Prophet Joseph's 330, 407

Birthplace 434 Which Are You? 446

Visit to a Volcano in Savaii 519 Who Wrote the Pentateuch? 437

Visit to See the Goddess "Madam Withdrawal, The 37

Pele,"A 573 World's Great Religions, The...

Wanted, a Man 122 202, 291,375,461,941

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

PAGE. PACE.

Adamson, H. N 588 Fox, Ruth M 26

Alder, Lydia D 132, 442, 708 Frost, Grace Ingles 51, 654, 871

Anderson, Edward H Gates, B. Cecil 851

..74, 154, 233, 315, 353, 395, 480, Gates, Harvey H 341

564, 641, 725, 819, 898, 976, 979 Gates, Susa Young. 364, 540, 617, 696

Anderson, Nephi Goff, Harold 36...17, 113, 187, 270, 342, 420, Goold, B. M. U 406

503, 589, 690, 714, 743, 860, 913 Gowans, E. G.

Badger, Ralph A..... 257, 872 194, 296, 369, 456, 926

Baggarley, Maud 12, 378, 758 Grant, Heber J 361, 779

Barnes, Claude T. Gustaveson, E. A 448

514, 597, 681, 733, 920 Haddock, Lorenzo J

Barrett, C. Elmer 615 139, 374, 742

Bennion, Milton.. 122, 523, 607, 938 Halls, William 90, 321, 778

Bishop, Alice Peet 42 Hardy, Rufus K 953

Burroughs, John 707 Hewlett, Frank J

Clegg 207 208, 431, 531 Clift, Frederic.1, 97 Hogenson, J. C 446, 603, 881

728Cope, Francis W 790 Holdaway, EdnaCrystal, James 493 Jacobsen, B. H 793

Curtis, Theo. E 48, 137, 256, Johnson, Belle M 366

269, 368, 410, 581, 695, 754, 936 Tohnson. C. E 125

Davenport, E. Remington 919 Jones, O. C 573

Done, Willard 32 Jordan, William George

Dunn, James 281 569, 686, 751, 847, 933

Durham, Alfred M 639 Kimball, S. F

Edwards, L. D 976 252, 583, 668, 734, 834

Evans, John Henry 310, 878 Kirbv, George D

Farnsworth, Mary A 522 267, 586, 803, 883

Fowler, D. H 330, 407 Larson, Louis 854

INDEX TO AUTHORS.

PAGE.

Lauritzen, Annie G 89, 530, 768 Smith, Joseph F

Lund, Anthon H 140 140, 218, 300, 379, 465

Meakin, John Phillips 413 466, 544, 625, 716, 729,765, 806, 959

Merrill, Albert M 52, 284, 949 Stephens, Evan 313

Mitton, Sarah E 124, 283 Stone, J. D 882

Monson, N. L 199 Taft, William H 16

... 649, 769, 905Orton, Joseph 582 Tatmage, James E.

.". 535, 970Pack, Fred James 178 Tanner, Henry S

Pearson, Sarah E. 287 Tanner, Joseph M 13, 109,

Porter, Wilford A 519 166, 279, 338, 443, 528, 612, 759, 982

Pratt, Parley P 639 Thomas, Kate

Ramseyer, A. A 81, 437 37, 201, 299, 460 Thorup, Joseph F 855R. I 502 Townsend, J. L 689Rich, J. C 628 Van Dyke, Henry 802Roberts, B. H Wells, Junius F 133

63, 147, 225, 241, 306, 391 Wells, Rulon S 161 472, 556, 634, 655, 721, 814, 891, 965 West, Frank L 489

Roosevelt, Theodore 417 White, Charles H 27

Russell, Sarah E 367 Widtsoe, John A 401, 825

Rust, D. D 175 Wilson, William M 450

Schoenfeld, Albert E 418 Winder, John R 140

Seamons, David E 455 Wright, A. R 629

Service, William 476, 562 Young, Christine D 95

Shafer, Francis M 112 Young, Levi Edgar

Smith, Job 169, 495, 755 202, 291, 375, 461, 941

The Well on the Monument Grounds, Sharon, Vt., from which the Prophet Joseph Smith

drew water.

"BROWMNG'S The Remington AutoLoading Shotgun"

It was the Remington Autoloading Shotgun, in the hands of an amateur, that won the recent Grand American Handicap against 495 contestants. It Is

the PERFECT gun for trap and field.

Send for our 150 page catalog; it is free. We hare "Everything for

Every Sport in Every Season."

- Ogden, Utah.BROWNING BROS. CO.,

ENSIGN KNITTING WORKS

30 RICHARDS ST.

BEST HOME MADE KNITTED

GARHENTS AND HOLEPROOF HOSIERY ON EARTH.

WRITE US FOR SAMPLES AND PRICES.

SCENIC LINE OF THE WORLD

For Folder*. Booklets, etc.. address I. A. BENTON, G. A. P. D., Salt Lake City, Utah.

I. A. Reading Course Books. J 908 9 M.

For Juniors, "The Last of the Mohicans,"Cooper - 40c "Cortez,"Abbott 40c For Seniors, "A Tale of Two Cities,"Dickens - - 40c "Hypatia,"Kingsley - - - - - - 40c

Send to Improvement Era, 214 Templeton Building, Salt Lake

City, for these books. Cash must accompany order.

fWhen writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.")

<N>MA>AAAASAAAAAAAAAVAAAA/NAASVSVNAA<*

Artificial Refrigeration at Market and at Slaughter House

Palace Meat Market THOMAS J. NIPPER, Proprietor

Wholesale and Retail FRESH AND CURED MEATS, FISH POULTRY AND GAME IN SEASON We carry the largest supply of any market in the west, and everything is properly chilled before serving the customer

BOTH PHONES

263265 South Main St Salt Lake Gity, Utah

Conference, Utah State Fair, Eisteddfod, Ladies'Relief Society

LOW EXCURSION RATES

To SALT LAKE CITY, as Follows:

From Stations Nephi and East, Fairfield

Branch and T tic District Sept. 30, to

Oct. 10, inclusive. Final return Oct. 12.

From all other Stations in Utah: Sept. 29

to Oct. 9. Final return Oct. 15.

From Nevada Points, ept. 30 to Oct. 5.

Final return Oct. 15.

J. H. BURTNER, D. P. A., SALT LAKE ROUTE

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)

With this number the present volume of the Era closes. Why not fill out the

renewal blank that you find next to the title page and mail it now to No. 14

Templeton Building, Salt Lake City,. Utah? The Era will then continue to come

to your address without interruption. Ask your friend next door to subscribe also,

and so help a good work along. We wish 15,000 subscribers for volume twelve. A

word from you will help us.

The reader's attention is called to the prospectus in this number. You learn there

what the Era is; what class of people read and admire it; who write, for it; what

splendid new features will be presented in volume twelve; what the free Manuals

are, and what is the aim of the Era.

With the Era, every subscriber gets, free, either Science and the Gospel, 205 pages, or Lessons in Church History, 117 pages, books that all will wish to read.

Read "The Message of 'Mormonism'to the World of Today,"by James E. Talmage, F. R. S. E., and the talk to parents on training of children, by Dr. E. G.

Gowans, in this number. These articles are inspiring. Another good topic is by

Prof. A. M. Merrill, on "Dancing."Did you ever think of it that way before?

Nephi Anderson's "Romance of a Missionary"ends with this number. The prospectus gives the titles of new stories to begin in the next volume.

IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1908.

Joseph F. Smith, ),.. Heber J. Grant, Business Manager

Edward H. Anderson, f or Alpha J. Higgs, Assistant

TABLE OF CONTENTS.

"The Message of 'Mormonism'to the World of

Today"Dr. James E. Talmage 905

Country Homes, Photo George Albert Smith 912

Romance of a Missionary—XIII. The "LongSleeved"Envelope and Letters From Home Nephi Anderson 913

The Greater Fault. A Poem E. Remington Davenport... 919

Some Utah Birds—IV. Bullock's Oriole y

(Illustrated) Claude T. Barnes 920

Suggestions to Parents Concerning the Physical

Development of their Children.... Dr. E. G. Gowans 926

SelfControl—V. Worry, the Great American

Disease William George joraan 933

One of our Faults. A Poem Theo. E. Curtis 936—The Mill on City Creek, Photo Alfred Lambourne 937

The Philosophers on Conduct—II. Socrates Milton Bennion A. M 938

The Church and the School, Photo George Albert Smith 940

The World's Great Religions. Mohammedanism Prof. Levi Edgar Young.. 941

Strength for Today. A Poem Selected 948

Dancing Prof. A M. Merrill 949

"Salute no Man by the Way"Rufus K. Hardy 953

Editor's Table—A Vital Question Prest. Joseph F. Smith 959

Close of Volume Eleven 961 Messages from the Missions 961

Seventy's Council Table B. H. Roberts, 965

Mutual Work—Duties of Stake Superintendents

and How to Do Them Henry S. Tanner 970

M. I. A. at Smelter 974

Home of our Youth. A Poem with Music Edward H. Anderson

L. D. Edwards 976

Events and Comments Edward H. Anderson 979

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, as SecondClass Matter.

I.Z.C. M. Shoes and Overalls

FOR BIO and LITTLE MEN Are Money Savers

Our Shoes are made of good, substantial material, no composition inner soles, we guarantee them. All we ask is "Give Z.

C. M. I. Shoes and Overalls a

fair trial,"then we are satisfied you will recommend them to your friends.

MOUNAINEER OVERALLS NEVER RIP.

Clayton -Daynes Music Co.

Successors to Clayton Music Co. and Daynes Music CO.

Oldest, Largest and Best Music House in the West PIANOS, ORGANS, TALKING MACHINES EVERYTHING MUSICAL.

Col. N. W\ Clayton, Prest. 109111-113 Main St.

Royal W. Daynes, Mgr. Salt Lake City.

(When writing to Advertisers, please mention the Era.)