traTMmpr

&M WW I -*# I M9M WWm

jjL. -'in.'in

OCTOBER, 1945 TUNE IN THE RIGHT TEMPERATURE

lp(LS2\ur of the FLAME FAMILY makes it easy as adjusting your radio

Flexy (for Flexible) is a pal to every owner between. "You're the boss"and Flexy carof a CP gas range. He gives you wider ries out your orders. * Throughout your

choice of temperature than by any other postwar home, the gas flame quints promise cooking method... not just low, medium or new pleasures and comforts. The gas inhigh, but many variations, each to an exact dustry is perfecting newday refinements in

degree. * This is important in all cooking, gas refrigeration, hot water service, heating

but especially with vegetables. You can and airconditioning, as well as cooking

cook them in minimum water to preserve... all, modern as tomorrow's news.

nutrients and flavor, yet with no danger of When you remodel or build, insist on all- "boiling away"or burning. A slight turn of gas equipment for easier, happier living.

the valve gives you quick, full heat for starting, low heat for simmering, any degree Mountain Fuel Supply Company

Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities

... AND OPEN YOUR DOOR TO THE OTHER FOUR

I'M I'M SPEEDY I'M CLEANY I'M THRIFTY STEADY

CAlways there smoke, with No true, I'll 00''worryfree; no grime Be deTried and r. ECOSOAA'-minutes to spare. time. at any pend for me. on save you. f

r When WW "Going on 5 Has a By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. 4 O'clock

7V careful study of the life span of "various living things, made by the late Dr. Raymond Pearl of Johns Hopkins University, disclosed the following: lower invertebrates live less than a

hundred hours; insects, from less than

a hundred hours up to seventeen years;

fish, up to 267 years; amphibia, up to

thirtysix years; reptiles, up to 175

years; birds, nine to 118 years; mammals, one and a half up to one hundred So Delicious You Serve

years. "u/""Nne ship may transport six thousand, Em Without

"barrels of dried whole milk, a year's production of about five hundred farms. Butter

Amar Khayyam, renowned as a poet, particularly for his Rubaiyat, was probably the leading mathematician of his time. His classification and partial

solution of cubic equations was the high point of medieval mathematics.

to contain sea water seems"VTatural I PURITY in substances growthpromoting addition to mineral salts. Experiments

by Dr. Claude E. ZoBell prove that no

artificially made sea water is as good for the growth of marine bacteria as real sea water.

A.battleship's fourteeninch guns

have short lives, firing about threehundred shells. The hot gases, starting TMCOMARGAWe AMK&

with a temperature of 3000 centigrade, and at a pressure of twenty tons $*M>MC#e$ TASTE to the square inch, corrode the inner barrel lining much more than the friction:. m/c{A$GO(n>

of the shells. The bore is a halfinch Spread sandwiches thick with

or more larger in diameter at the end DURKEE'STROCO MARGARINE—

of the gun's life, and at a range of ten it's the perfect accompanimiles, the loss of range is about 1400 ment for bread and its delicious flavor makes anyyards. tempting good. sandwich taste mighty

DURKEE'S TROCO MARGARINE 'T'he drumming grouse makes its drumis very easy to mix too, and is enriched with pound its every strokes of sound ming by rapid units A. Vitamin of 9,000

stiff, wings, the without wings concave

FRY SPREAD BAKE COOK log, the either or othertouching each motion pictures taken by Dr. A. A. recommendedOne ofthe 7 Basicin theFoodsU. S.

Allen have revealed. Nutrition Food Rules

i HPhe common toad does about twenty::-

dollars'worth of work a year by eating an estimated 10,000 garden pests.

7V new electronic tube has been de- i X* tc:ssSF*itfSOLEOMARGARINE.

veloped that is capable of amplifying grid currents as small as one hundred thousandth of a billionth of the current an ordinary one hundredwatt light bulb uses. The new tube is useful for the

as currents smallextremely such pro-;0?J IN

starto tubes exposedduced by photolight. SO m&i

(Concluded on page 555) OCTOBER, 1945 553 - Jke Ccover cThc TOpeople,a templebuildingthe dedica1945 tion of another temple brings great cause for By Kathecine Fernelius rejoicing. The latest Qmeiffiirbra Larsen

temple to be completed and dedicated is the OCTOBER, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 10 it peace I give

at Idaho Falls, one MYunto you—Sep- "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"occurred which

tember 23, 24, 25. The Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement Thou shalt not find it

cover is from a photoAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward in a world becalmed, graph by D. F. Davis, Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of Nor in untroubled waadapted by Charles Latterday Saints ters,

Jacobsen. Nor yet in sheltered

harbor, safe Lkurck of ike FromBut inragingthe soul'sfate; sure

fir Jpeakt?er Jke C*ditor& Jam Liescitadelpeace;

Elder Spencer W. The Tenth Temple George Albert Smith 561 With courage born of

Kimball of the faith, with strength

Council of the Twelve of virtue, the deliver will address, Air of the Church Ckurck jreatured Withlove,patience born of 7, October Sunday, the robber from And at Dedicatory Prayer for Idaho Falls Temple Mountain 1 1:00 a.m., years bulwarked by George Albert Smith 562 the of part as Time, this

Clark, Jr* 566 Reuben Task hundred sixteenth The Awesome one of Peace J, The assurance that He semiannual Jr. 569 L* Zobell, Falls Albert at Idaho lived Temple conferThe

the Taberfrom ence Ancient Temples J. M* Sjodahl 572 And liveth yet. Kimball's Elder nacle.

subject will be "FounMormon—Part II: Conclusion Iceland H. Monson 576

for Peace."dations Latterthe Reconciliations: and XCVU—Are be Evidences broadcast may The 585 Widtsoe Free People? John A. a day Saints sta- C.B.S. over heard Change of Address:

594 Priesthood: Melchizedek o'clock at tions one GenOutstanding Genealogy, Fifteen days'notice reColumn NoLiquor-Tobacco twelve Star Eastern Valley ealogist Time; of the

for change of ad- i 594 quired Central 557 Time; Stake noon

dress. ordering a When 598 o'clock Aaronic Albert Proceedings, eleven MounDedication

include please change, 599 ten Teaching 565 tain Time; and Zobell, L. Ward Jr

stencil impression from a.600 Pacific Field Photos o'clock Time. 568 Saint Latterday Temples

issue the recent of maga600 582 Music Church Moves On The zine. Address changes

Editors cannot be made unless the old address as well as Albert George is included. Smith Special jreatiure5 the new one John A. Widtsoe

Managing Editor When Mormon Enterprise Won the Acclaim of President ExecutiveOffices:and Editorial

Richard L. Evons Diaz Leslie L. Sudweeks 570

50 North Main Street, Associate Editors A Mormon Wife—The Life Story of Augusta Winters Salt Lake City 1, Utah. Marba C. Josephson Grant—DC.. Mary Grant Judd 574

William Mulder (on leave wHh the armed The Mallard Winifred E, Wilson 577 Copyrighttual Funds,1945Inc., bya CorMu-

forces) The Spoken Word from Temple Square....Richard L* Evans 578 poration of the Young

General Manager Exploring the Universe, FrankCook's Corner, Josephine B. Men's Mutual Improveof the Association ment 588 lin Nichols 553 S. Harris Jr Morris George Q.

of Christ of Jesus Church First Foothold, that Getting 588 Hints Handy Associate All Manager Saints. Latterday—.556 Aline T. Rothe

reserved. rights SubscripLucy G. Fight a Small 560 You the Can Bookrack How Cannon On

tion price, year, $2.00 a Safely? 589 Fire Bid for Family's Homing: One Business Manager single in advance; 20c S. Stanford Health, From the Camps 586 News Giles D. John 590 copy. Currency FactsJ. on Some

Editorial Associates Rise 587 Your Page and Ours 616 Entered at the Post

Elizabeth J. Moffat Office, Salt Lake City,

Albert L. Zobell, Jr. Utah, as secondclass

Harold Lundstrom matter. Acceptance for

(Lditoriatt mailing at special rate of

National Advertising postage provided for in

Representatives The House of the Lord John A* Widtsoe 584 section 1 103, Act of OcFrancis M. Moyo, Wartime Marriages 584 tober, 1917, authorized

Salt Lake City July 2, 1918.

Edward S. Townsend, The Improvement Era

San Francisco and is not responsible for unLos Angeles S5toned, solicited manuscripts, but Dougan and Bolle, joett welcomes contributions.

Chicago and God's Country James P. Sharp 558 All manuscripts must be

New York Mother Joins the Force Dean B. Farnsworth 571 accompanied by suffiMember, Audit. Bureau of A Gracious Gesture Alice Morrey Bailey 580 cient postage for delivery

Circulations On Peace, 1945, Katherine F. Poetry Page 592 and return.

Larsen 554 554 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Exploring the Universe (Concluded from page 553) HPwo new valuable products have been made from sugar recently. Vitamin Toward Freedom

C has been made from beet pulp by a new process at the Bureau of Standplasma, blood new synthetic ards. A

called dextran, as from Sin and developed has been a byproduct in the manufacture of sugar by a group headed by Professor

Arne Tiselius in Sweden. Dextran can Adversity..

be used as a substitute in blood transfupatient's sions the regard to without In his newest book, in can group and producedblood beunlimited amounts at a low price. "MAN AND THE DRAGON/'Dr. John A. Widtsoe:—

heights as a new of peoachieves forty thousand of truth champion a... Minnesota, County,A masspie in surveySt. Louis

with X-ray photographs of the chest counsellor and guide of taken with the aid of a mobile X-ray youth... and he points

unit, found one person in two hundred unerringly the way tohad active tuberculosis. ward victory over that traditional enemy of manHPhe new twomillion volt giant X-ray kind, the dragon of adunit to used can photograph be its versity, with many "But. look back, why to except learn in thickness, steel foot athrough and lessons of sin ignorthe from pastl heads and The world needs steel eightinch casting a photoon an less of wailing for the past, of and more superstition, ance, war, of can exposure withgraph be an made courageous, active planning for futhe greed. and selfish a half threeonly minutes and compared ture."—From the and "Man Dragon."

to the four and a half hours'time with More than a decade the million volt units. The electrons ago, when World War II was but

reach a speed of ninetysix percent that a dream in a few distorted minds. FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON

of light before they hit the tungsten Dr. Widtsoe traveled throughout

target to give off the powerful X-rays. East. the Europe and Near With BOOKCRAFT COMPANY

Street, 18 Richards4 Salt Lake City 1, Utah the eyes keen people he and saw

Please Send the Books Checked Below: called been Unikol has.. A substance skill the with their needs. and

the and Man. Dragon $2 00 D in discovered slows Russia which his teacher, master exwrote of a

- Dr Jhn - Widtsoe A BY in acids. dissolving the metals of t.Hisdown Many. Mansions 25 $2 periences impressions. and The Rulon By HowellsIt is in rust useful iron cleaning from and

is result and fascinatThe Spoken powerful a and S.Word".50 $1 Dsteel surfaces. polished even and By L. Richard Evans ing collection of informal discusMilitary of Book.50 Remembrance $1

R. By George Gygi sions. will family your and You the that fter The soap works war Gospel a new Kingdom $2 25 A enjoy strengthened the and By be John Taylor by available. in will cold even be water"4 Joseph ProphetStatesman...$2.25 D book, THE "MAN DRAGON."AND Dr. BySmith: G. product from developed Homer wasThe new Durham

petroleum and is a sulfonated product Price, $2.00. EvidencesBy Dr.andJohnReconciliationsA. Widtsoe $1.85

called Brigham S. 646. Young, used The by the U. Colonizer P Much.00 $3 M

Dr. By R. Milton Hunter it combines hardwater withArmy, The Prince Ur $2 00

finelyminerals Y. give preBy Susa to divided a D. ofGates—Leah HIS Widtsoe MANSIONS MANY

in Utah Her Western Setting 50 $3cipitate curd, of instead a heavy Rulon S. by Howells D Dr. Milton By R. Hunter

For This Gloryi My 50 $2 Brief, clear of thiranalyses Paul By Bailey production increased aluminumHThe The Saint Gay $2 50 teen Christian leading Churches Paul By Bailey will greatly so by war demands

Signs Times $1 25 D possible products. more aluminummake ofBy the Joseph Fielding Smith

Assorted of Priceless Gems flexible, thin,.00 Value $2 housepure aluminumA

N. B. Bv Lundwall foilhold announced, is one product the Hills to DUnto.50 $1

Richard Evans paper.be used like wax The foil is This Day By and AlwaysL.light-, moisture-, odorproof. and L. By Richard Evans $1 50

Constancy Amid Change 00 $2 E. By A. Bowenf\v the eighty thousand cubic miles of God's Covenant Race...$2.00

By James H. Anderson each water evaporated year from Golden of Nuggets Thought

rethe oceans, over seventy thousand L. Ezra By Marler $1.00

Sam Brannan the and Californiaturn to the as precipitation, the sea Mormons J].75balance the from coming rivers. Of By Paul Bailey

twentyfour thousand cubic miles of Winston International Bible No. 157..S6.50

water which fall on the land, one third including the Church of Jesus Reader'sWinston InternationalBible No. 2I4CBible No. 115..S3$1.25.50

the evaporation from fromcomes Apostle QThe.50 $3 of Christ Saints. Latterday DocBy Sholem Asch thirds precipitafromoceans and two trines, histories, administraHurlbut's of and Story the Bible,50 $2tion of inland evaporated from water L. J. By Hurlbut tive organizations forth set are auDiscovers A Skeptic soil.,00 Mormonism areas moistwater $2 and

T. By Riggs thoritatively. W. chart in handy A Green Dolphin Street,00 $3 to cover pocket enables one Elizabeth By make Goudge the States"D efore United war the had

Talk About You $1, 50 D Let's at comparisons Price, glance. a railroad tunnels 1539 with a total Marguerite Bro Harmon

length of 320 miles. American railPayment enclosed Send CO. D.

roads use for rightsof-way, yards, shops, station grounds, and other purNameposes, an area equal to almost oneBDOKGRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City I, Utah Address thirteenth the area of the state of Utah.

OCTOBER, 1945 555 HERE'S THE GETTING THAT "FIRST BEST AID &? -LEAKS! FOR ROOF ALINE T. ROTHE jrirst J'ootkold

PABCO 7TRE you continually stubbing your He did not tell the puzzled officials l\ toe trying to get that first rootfor several years how he accomplished HYDROSEAL * * hold on the ladder of success? what to them seemed like a miracle.

office, less than telegraph a person where Well, so did no to a went He before operator, as and PABCOWEB! the Edison A. he he an expert known late Thomas was

finally got a firm hold on that slippery and called Pittsburgh. He asked for

first rung. the best operator there, naming him, and

Bat, you may mentally retort, "After told the Pittsburgh man to call up the all, he was Thomas A. Edison—a best operator at Albany and direct him

genius—and I don't happen to be one!"to telegraph down the line toward New NO OTHER leak -fixing method It isn't necessary to think like a genius York as far as he could and report back

it! like This durable, adhesive longdesired to to as get that as possible. soon Edison

plastic lasting tough, roofmakes it is telethis think.start—yet, necessary hour, to Inside obviously, Edison an had And

! it repairs simply spread You

all right in Edison, the "I case of telegraph as over perhaps, can gram: down when the leak and around or break—

and then "bond"it with a strip of he finally got that difficult first foothold, to within two miles of Poughkeepsie,

Pabcoweb (which comes in different just simple thinking-—not the complex but there is trouble with the line there."

widths, like bandages!) cerebral convolutions commonly assoEdison went back to the main office

ciated with that of a genius—will do the and gravely announced to Dr. Green

trick. that if a train should be sent to PoughGet acquainted now It was simple deductive reasoning keepsie with materials for the work,

with these estthatambitionenabled:Edisonpersuadingto realizeofficialshis greatof the theytwo mileswouldonfindthea otherbreak sidein theof linePoughjust

Western Union Company to take some keepsie and could repair it that afterof his inventions. noon.

finally officials EdiEdison simple begged Union Western way And the PABCO!

the after of futile accomplished months succeeded, to tell he had atson how xxFarmSavers stories feat, the favorite tempts, he quietly miraculous one of and almost was of Dr. Marvin Green, for many years replied: "By knowing more about teleall of you put together, as GIVE YOUR ROOFS THE president of the Western Union Comgraphy than

pany. Dr. Green has said."

EXTRA PROTECTION Edison had been trying for such a The break was located and repaired,

OF ALUMlMUM I longinterestedtime toingethisWesterninventionsUnionthatofficialsthey tions.and Dr. Green took Edison's invenhad begun to regard him as a bore. Thus, by a little simple reasoning, did

One day Edison went to the main ofThomas A. Edison achieve his great PABCO fice on his usual quest and was greeted start in life.

AlumiShield by Dr. Green and other officials with And it only takes a simple twist of the

get unable to are be probably we'd conveniences "Mr. Edison, we modern

Albany, with and ROOFING intoa bored smile. imagination to realize the numerous communication grown tired if Edison had without a doing

large amount of business is in peril. I of having his feelings bruised and his

suppose that since you know more about toe stLibbed, so to speak, in the office of telegraphy than all the rest of us comWestern Union officials while trying to bined, you can locate the difficulty,"anget that slippery first foothold.

nounced Dr. Green in a teasing voice.

Edison ignored the teasing tone and

Think of it! Up to eighty percent of quietly replied, "If I locate this difficulty

the Sun's destructive rays bounce in two or three hours, will you take up right off Pabco AlumiShield my inventions and give them honest

Roofing! In summer, AlumiShield consideration?"

reflects the heat and cools interiors. "Yes, I will,"replied Dr. Green, "and

it resists rain, In winter, freeze and I will do it if you succeed in two days."

all the advantages get snow! You

of finest quality asphalt roofing plus the added durability, protec- "Pdison left the office amid general tion and beauty of a soft, silvery laughter of the officials, but their. aluminum surface. laughter was silenced by awe when

Edison accomplished the seemBuy ANOTHER ingly difficult feat within an

BOND! hour.

Look in the "YelJbw Pages"for your local PABCO dealai

THE PARAFFINE COMPANIES INC.

SAN FRANCISCO 1?. CALIFORNIA

Makers.of Pabco Paints,. Roofings, Building

Linoleums, Materials; Pabco Mastipave Pabco

.,.; \:. 'Flooring. HeavyDuty

556 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA yJvitstandlna LjenealoaUt OF STAR VALLEY STAKE

BLANKET FORECAST:

A. BARBARA SCHALCHER

Plenty of Comfort with 7V Barbara Schalcher was born in * Wuelflingen, Zurich, Switzerland, WOOL O'THE WEST 12, 1878.on October Her parents were

Jacob Schalcher and Anna Barbara As cooler breezes foretell the chill blasts of

Baenninger. She grew from childhood winter, you'll welcome the friendly comto a happy girlhood in a home of love fort of your fine wool blankets. Warmth, the

and kindness. essential purpose for any blanket, is amply

Gottfried day Fluckiger, One an provided in Wool O'The West.

inelder the L.D.S. Church from Bedford, Wyoming, called at the door of Nature's perfect insulating fibre is pure virgin

the Schalcher home and left a gospel wool, skillfully loomed into a soft deep nap, tract, the first one the family had ever where millions of tiny air pockets ward off received or read. After a prayerful inthe chill of wintry nights. These lively wools,vestigation, all of family, the except

Barbara, accepted the gospel and preso carefully selected for Wool O'The West pared to leave for Zion. blankets, bring surprising lightness and softBarbara was very angry with the ness. And they're such beauties! Harmonizelder and opposed to his teachings being solid jacquard colors—or patterns—andcause he was but through a Mormon, lovely ribbon bindings rayon pleasingly blend

the prayers of ones, her loved and in a with your bedroom color schemes.remarkable she way, baptoo became

tized into the Church in October, 1901, Buy Wool O'The West blankets for their and with the others left for Zion on the warmth; you'll love them for their beauty.

5. S. Mayflower in April, 1903.

She and her sister, Annie Kellesberger, have been devoted to the Church and especially active in gathering family history and in doing temple work.

Annie spent eighteen months in the Salt

Lake Temple doing work for their progenitors while Barbara worked diligently at home copying names and dates from records received from a genealogist in Switzerland.

To copy and prepare these recordsfor temple work was a tedious job, but mmthe spirit of Elijah was so deeply #Tfff planted in Barbara's heart that she persisted and copied at least five thousand iEST A GOOD STORE names, many of these names being secured through the Genealogical Society IN YOUR TOWN SELLS WOOL 0'THE WEST of the Church in Salt Lake City.

Barbara, besides working on her own Wherever you find a Wool Q'The West dealer, family line, has helped many others in you'll find a store that has the finest blanket selections. Your

getting their records. has an been She

local merchant is most interested in always serving you well,inspiration to old in the young and work of salvation for the dead. She has because you are his neighbor and friend.

done vicarious work in the Logan Temple for hundreds of her ancestors, never missing an excursion when her health permitted. PORTLAND WOOLEN MILLS PORTLAND 3, OREGON—Reported by Katherine Anderson

OCTOBER, 1945 557 GOD'S / COUNTRY

Illustrated by John Henry Evans, jr.

JLVXany years ago the late Judge LeGrand Young sent word for man came and cut down the trees, me to call at his office as soon as conburned great forests, and defaced the venient and to walk right in when I face of the land. Will you go with me

arrived. I did. He was walking back up there, for that is indeed God'*

and forth, deep in thought, twirling his country?"

glasses in his hand. Seeing me, he told We talked for some time and finally

me to sit down. On the table were many agreed upon a date, but before the time

And FULLER helps her redo law books; more on the chairs and floor. came to leave, the judge had literally

every room! Wallpaper? Fuller Possibly five minutes later he said, "An gone to God's country.

has widest choice of patterns in important case is coming up, but I beWest. Paints? Onecoat Fullcoat lieve I have it won right now. What I

to see would wanted you size covers average about—How bedroom I were walking and x. ATHER like to take you a trip to God's country walls for $2.75, or less. Fullerglo Street (East Brigham South down with me?"gives or washable kitchen caught with Temple) a up when we

bathroom finish at average cost "Me? Not me. I'm not ready to die man slowly walking along. "Good

of $4.00. Decoret Enamel perks yet a while."morning, Richard. How are you?"Fadon't understand. exLet me ther "You asked. old furniture, overnight. up

I plain. the at cabin headwaters a have the morning, answered John,""Good for the And touch final

fine of the saddle and two in Weber thought. deep had was man who We Fuller glass plate mirrors

I there. to animals do want you far us, called not What to sayhe gone when

table tops! and is will together to with me, I'll and go ing, we a minute with and walk "Wait

ride back in the mountains where there you."Then seeing me he said, "You

trails or are no father, just go are the person I need."To roads—possibly other white where no man has ever been. troubles the business of the "John, and

I'm just about worn out with this law law firm are slowly wearing me down."

business and will have to have a change. Then to me he said, "I wish you FULLR I want you to go with me and point out would go with me on a trip to God's

PAINTSWALLPAPER tobranchesme thecomepine outtreelikethata hasfivepointedthe top country.""You mean up to the headwaters of

GLASS star.aspen Telltree meandagainwhy theso legendmany peopleof the thick?"the WeberI asked,wherefortheI rememberedtimber is tallwhatand

there's a FULLER PAINT DEALER near you thinkthose Christtrees. Tellwas mecrucifiedabout onthe onehabitsof Judge"ThatYoungto mehadis said.not God's country.

W. P. FULLER & CO. of the different animals and birds we Where he really lives is out on the

Branches and Dealers throughout the West see, and, in fact, teach me something desert where there is no place for evil about nature as it was before the white {Concluded on page 599) 558 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Here "appears the Mormon leader, Another and different story of a full stature and four square, imJoseph the Prophet lives in the most significant career.

measurably superior to most of the hearts of his people with affection eminent men of his time."undiminished by time. JOSEPH SMITH, THE

JOSEPH SMITH, AN JOSEPH THE PROPHET $1.50 PROPHET $3.00

AMERICAN PROPHET $3.00

Wilford Woodruff, Q. George and Christian churches the CanKnow

intelliardent, Hamblin, non, Jacob the Restored understand you will of gent, disciples fearless the Church. "All other considerations were conclassi- tell their Prophet, story in the

tained in the Holy Ghost."cal manner. CHRISTIANITY THROUGH

THREE MORMON THE CENTURIES... $2.00 THE HOLY GHOST $2.00 CLASSICS $2.50

DESERET"THE BOOK CENTERBOOKOF THE INTERMOUNTAINCOMPANYWEST"44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET P. O. BOX 958, SALT LAKE CITY 10, UTAH

Please send me Name Address The following books: Herewith find $

OCTOBER, 1945 559

FUNDAMENTALS OF RELIGION

(Charles A. Callis. Deseret Book Co., Salt

Lake City. 239 pages. $1.50.)

True to their title, these radio talks cling to the principles of truth which form the structure of the gospel of Jesus Christ, and into which we build the experiences of life. Jesus the Christ, as tfie perfect sacrifice,

and Joseph, the Seer, open the series. Then

in orderly succession, are laid the foundation stones of the gospel, such as the Holy

Ghost, preexistence, the second coming, the millennium, repentance, and the spirit world.

There are also interpretations of doctrine in these seventeen talks; and bits of history

are garnered in, as for example: the Mormon pioneers, Paul the Apostle, history as

a fulfilment of prophecy, youth today, and the governing power of love.

These chapters are doubly valuable because they reflect the teaching and preaching of the gospel of Jesus Christ by a competent gospel student and exhorter to righteousness.

For a generation of time, before being called to the apostleship, Elder Charles A. Callis

did a stupendous work as president of the

Southern States Mission. The missionary

spirit is evident in every chapter. There

flows from his lips the certain conviction of the truth of the gospel.

As one reads the sound doctrine in this volume, he seems to hear the eloquence of speech and voice which characterizes this apostle to the gentiles of this generation.

It is a good book that all, in or out of the

A. W. ment.—/.

CHILDREN All is Forgiven Church, may read with profit and enjoyOF THE COVENANT (Richard Scowcroft. Houghton Mifflin

$2.50.) When the day arrives—and it will—that FelsNaptha rTTHECompany,sceneN.is Y.Ogden,292 Utah,pages. in

comes home from the wars, let's hope that the greet- -* and present years. Aftermidpioneera prelude

ing in your household will be 'all is forgiven! showingunder pioneerthe Latterdayconditions,Saintthe storyBurtonconcernsfamily

itself with the life frustrations, due clearly

This famous soap is still 'seeing service'far from ofto Estherher lackBurtonof personalCurtis; beautyand theandmisadvencharm,

home. A large part of the output of the Fels Plant is tures, inward and outward, of her returned

assigned to special duty in the four corners of the world. missionaryparently, to ansonabnormalBurton sexCurtis,desire,due,fosteredapby loafing. Three returned missionaries

first, a young man who is generally Most women have been understanding and patient paradedrinks, thesmokes,pages:and untrue

about this absence of an essential item in good housethe teachings of his faith; second, a youngto

woman, a moron in intelligence, with keeping, even though it has made the family laundry a constant "necking"habit everywhere and an unaccustomed burden. They know that good soap is withBurton,everywhoseman;childishandwillthird,mixes theright heroand

part of the superior equipment furnished to our fighters. wrongthe moronin hisandweakmovesmind,out ofuntilOgden.he marriesThere

may be a few such returned missionaries, the 25,000 or more living returned misTo all these goodnatured, patriotic women we butsionaries, leaders mostly in their communimake this promise: when its present obligations are ties, will resent the implication that all are

discharged, FelsNaptha Soap will be back—unchanged likeThethesedrunkardcaricatures."gentile"who married

—ready to resume its familiar job of making homes wonBurton'shis sister,bride becausenow dead,sheexplainsloved tothatread,he

the and he only was other one in Ogden bright and washes sweet and white.

loved the books and who culture bring. they

Ogden will not welcome that insinuation.

The book intends, so it seems, to show the decline in power and character of the

Mormon people from pioneer days. That

attempt is a flat failure, for the situations in the book furnish no basis for the claim.FelsNaptha Altogether it is a depressing book, repSoap resenting, it seems, an inner conflict of the

writer, himself an Ogden boy.

8AN/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY The writer has gifts.(ConcludedHe is ona goodpagestory607)

THE TENTH TEMPLE

[-redident Ljeorae bribed mltk &

S oior the tenth time in this dispensation, through the goodness and blessing of our

Father in heaven, we have been permitted to build a temple, sacred to his name and dedicated to his work. Some of these ten temples have been built at great sacrifice, and in our extreme poverty. Some,

includingcumstances—butthe one eachwe nowof themdedicatehas beenat Idahobuilt Falls,to onehavegreatbeeneternalbuiltpurpose:under comparativelyto serve as a favorableHouse of cirthe

Lord, to provide a place sacred and suitable for the performing of holy ordinances that bind on earth as in heaven—ordinances for the dead and for the living that assure those who receive them and who are

faithful to their covenants, the possession and association of their families, worlds without end, and exaltation with them in the celestial kingdom of our Father.

I am here reminded of a story of two brothers who lived in a northern Utah town: The older brother,

Henry, was a banker and merchant, and had ample means. The other brother, George, was a farmer,

and did not have very much beyond his needs, but he had a desire to do temple work for their dead. He searched out their genealogy and went into the temple and worked for those who had passed

on.

One day George said to Henry, "I think you should go down to the temple and help."

But Henry said, "I haven't time to do anything like that. It takes me all my time to take care of my

business."George said, "You are the older ought to go."brother—you

The older brother replied, "You go. You work only in the summertime. You are a farmer. I

have to work all the time."

George said, "Well, I have to work, too, but I find time in the winter to go and do temple work."

Henry insisted, "You go and do it. It will be all right with me."

About a year after that, Henry called at George's home and said, "George, I have had a dream, and it worries me. I wonder if you can tell me what it means?"

George asked, "What did you dream, Henry?"

Henry said, "I dreamed that you and I had passed from this life and were on the other side of the veil. As we went along, we came to a beautiful city. People were gathered together in groups in many

places, and every place we came they shook your hand and put their arms around you and blessed you and said how thankful they were to see you, but,"he said, "they didn't pay a bit of attention to me; they

were hardly friendly. What does that mean?"

George asked, "You thought we were on the other side of the veil?"

"Yes.""Well, this is what I have been talking to you about. I have been trying to get you to do the work

for those people who are over there. I have been doing work for many of them, but the work for many

more is yet to be done."

"Well, why weren't they glad to see me? I am their relative as much as you are."

George said, "What have you done for them?"

Henry's head dropped, and he said, "I guess I haven't done anything."

"Then,"said George, "You had better get busy, because you have had a taste of what you may expect when you get over there if you do not do your part in performing this work for them."

I have thought of this story from the lives of two brothers a good many times. Many people do not

understand the seriousness and the sacredness of life; they do not understand the sacredness of eternal

marriage. There are some of our people who have no interest in their genealogy. They care nothing

about their forebears; at least you would think so by the way they behave. They do not go into the temple

to do work for their dead. Of course there are many people who cannot go there. There are those in many

places who cannot be married in the temple. There are only a few places in the world where we can be

married for eternity, and that is in the temples of God, and all of those temples are on this western hemisphere, with the exception of the one that is in Hawaii. There are also many of our brothers and

sisters, all children of our Heavenly Father, who are denied this privilege because of other unavoidable reasons. But if they live worthily and if they would have availed themselves of the privilege if they had

been able to do so, they will lose nothing by these temporarily unfavorable circumstances. But think then

how much greater is the responsibility of those who live where men and women can be united for eter- ( Concluded on page 602

Jhe (Lditord faqe OCTOBER, 1945 561 great and eternal God,OthouFather of our spirits, Creator of the heavens, the earth, and all things therein; before whom all things

are present, whether past or yet tocome; full of mercy and love, guided <UjediicaiomL rawer

by wisdom, judgment, and justice in their perfection: In humility and with

filled heartsthanksgiving with our and seership, revelation, prophecy, and of thee, gratitude approachwith unto we presidency, ability the with to and magthee Son, thy Jesus through Beloved nify great Bless thy holy and name. Brother,Christ, through our Elder who,

his faithful counselors, Joshua Reuben sacrifice exquisitethe great wrought and

Clark, and David McKay, Oman Jr., us, forout our beyond magnanimous hast thou given to advise him and whom it that possiblecomprehension, made assist him, that they possess great may in humility thee might on approachwe

all in excellent wisdom judgment andthis great occasion, petitions with our matters pertaining to thy Church. Grant in this supplications,and which House

that perfect love confidence and may built to thy holy have name. mostwe exist this in that thy Presidency they wilt that thee cause pray thou We united in as be all things perone may in hearts sight to purifiedour be thy

taining to thy work.

faith in multiplied ourand thee to be and increased so that our petitions may We do thank thee for the labors of reach thy holy habitation and be anall faithful men, the Apostles and Asswered in our behalf in accordance with sistants, Patriarch, Seventies, Presidthy infinite wisdom and love, and grant ing Bishopric, and all those whom thou that the blessings we here seek may be hast called to labor as General Authorifully realized to thy name's honor and ties in thy vineyard in this last gospel glory. dispensation, as well as those of all

We thank thee for having raised up former dispensations. We pray that

thy servant, Joseph Smith, and that thou thou wilt sanctify their labors to the didst endow him and inspire him and everlasting good of all peoples everyreveal unto him thy great purposes, and where, and to thy name's honor and that thou didst manifest thyself and thy glory.

Beloved Son unto him, and didst cause We thank thee for thy plan of salvaholy resurrected beings to minister unto tion, for its magnitude and comprehim and to confer upon him the Holy PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH hensiveness, and pray that thy SaintsPriesthood after the order of thine Only may live to be worthy to learn of thy

Begotten Son, and its appendage, the desires concerning them until they come

Aaronic Priesthood; that thou didst thy Beloved Son by those to whom they to a complete knowledge of the truth.

cause to be preserved on gold plates, had been committed, from Adam down We pray that thou wilt hasten the day that they might withstand the ravages to the present time, through thine an when righteousness shall cover the of time, an abridgment of the political dent prophets, Elias, Moses, Elijah, earth as the waters cover the mighty and ecclesiastical history of thy ancient and Moroni. We thank thee for the deep, and all men walk in thy paths and

peoples who occupied this western many revelations thou didst give to thy delight to do thy holy will.

hemisphere, and of the inspired writservant, Joseph Smith, and didst cause We thank thee for the various offices ings and sayings of their prophets; to be published for the benefit and guidin thy Holy Priesthood, for high priests,

and that thou didst prepare Joseph ance of thy Saints, as well as for all seventies, elders, priests, teachers, and

Smith to receive and translate these mankind who would believe and follow deacons. Wilt thou inspire these, in

sacred records and make them available them; and that thou didst see fit to covewhatsoever office to which they may be

to all mankind, that thereby man in our nant with thy servant, Joseph Smith, called, to function to the everlasting time might have a witness to the divine that the keys of the kingdom which thou benefit of all to whom they may minis mission of thine Only Begotten Son, didst bestow upon him should not be ter. We pray that thou wilt bless Zion

Jesus Christ, in addition to the Holy taken from him in this world nor in the with all of her interests, in all her

Bible, and thereby be left without exworld to come, and that thou didst make stakes, wards, and branches. May her

cuse on the last day when all shall be provision for his successors and their borders be extended until Zion shall be judged of their works and accordingly authority to carry forward thy great fully redeemed and her inhabitants glorify thy holy name.

Confer upon thy people, and especivari- leaders, in all of their thy upon lose ally that hate fervently most pray do may We callings, gifts thy ous of love, precious its in place the hearts and love may of men judgment, wisdom, and and knowledge enter and abide therein. understanding, faith and the spirit of

testimony, light, intelligence and capacity, and every attribute, blessing, gift, be rewarded by a kind and loving work. We refer to Presidents Brigham and qualification either necessary or

though just and merciful Parent. Young, John Taylor, Wilford Wooddesirable for them to have and to enjoy

We thank thee for the restoration of ruff, Lorenzo Snow, Joseph F. Smith, in order that thy great and important

the gospel in its fulness in these latter and Heber J. Grant, thy great represenwork may go forward to consummate

days, and that Joseph Smith was directtatives. We are grateful for their minits glorious purpose. Father, wilt thou

ed to organize The Church of Jesus istries and for the marvelous accompreserve thy Saints in the unity of the

Christ of Latterday Saints, and that plishments each in his time was able to faith, in the way of truth, in the bonds thou didst reveal unto him the proper achieve under thy divine guidance. of peace, and holiness of life. We pray

order thereof, including apostles, prophWe are grateful unto thee for those that the weak may be strengthened and ets, pastors, teachers, and evangelists. who now preside over thy Church. We thy Holy Spirit be imparted to all.

We thank thee that thou didst restore pray that thy servant, George Albert We pray for the youth everywhere, in these latter days through the Prophet Smith, may be endowed of thee with a and all organizations calculated to deJoseph Smith the keys of each of the vigorous body and mind, with health velop their character and spirituality, former dispensations of the gospel of and strength, and with the spirit of and all which thou hast caused to be 562 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA..'.Idaho Falls Temple

established for their blessing and inincluding struction, the Primary

Schools, AssoPRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH Young Men's ciation, Sunday and Young Women's Mutual Improvement Associations, the Church educaSeptember 23, 1945 tional system, including the seminaries and institutes, and all the quorums of the priesthood that have to do with the advantage thereof, they may still of love and peace; that they may be

teaching and instruction of the youth. through improper conduct lose their inclined to follow the admonitions of

May thy Holy Spirit be richly imparted blessings. thy servants that thereby the peace

to thy young sons and daughters, that Wilt thou, O Father in heaven, renow enjoyed by them may be made their faith may be enlarged, that they member the Relief Society throughout permanent, and the day of the coming may walk righteously and circumspectthe length and breadth of the Church. of thy Beloved Son hastened. We do

ly before thee. We seek thy blessing May those who engage therein, either most fervently pray that hate may lose

for all those who in any way devote as officers or teachers, be abundantly its place in the hearts of men and that their time in teaching the youth of rewarded for their unselfish sacrifices, thy peace and love may enter and abide

Zion, that they may exercise great wisfor the services they render, for their therein. We also pray that thy sons

dom and judgment. May they be inacts of mercy and kindness, and for and daughters who have been required

spired in their guidance of thy precious their ministrations to the sick, the to participate in the great conflict to little ones to lead them into paths of needy, and the unfortunate. We pray preserve liberty, may return to their

truth and righteousness, that thereby thee that in their homes and in their homes and engage in wholesome and the youth may lay a foundation upon responsibilities they may enjoy the rich useful pursuits, and contribute to the which to establish righteous character companionship of thy Holy Spirit, building up of thy kingdom in the earth.

and become useful in developing thy Thou, O Father, hast commanded May they whose release from the armed

Church and Kingdom in the earth. mankind to subdue the earth, and also services, for any reason may be delayed, be abundantly blessed of thee

and comforted, and be preserved in righteousness, strength and and W/'e thank thee for having raised up thy servhealth their union with the day of and may ant, Joseph Smith, and that thou didst endow their loved ones at home come as speedhint and inspire him and reveal unto him thy ily as possible.

great purposes and that thou didst manifest Wilt thou, O Lord, have in rememthyself and thy Beloved Son unto him.... branceJudah inthehis promisesstricken andmadescatteredby theeconto

dition. Hasten the time when he shall

inherihis of the to land restored his of to for earn sweat of Zion. the bread daughters by the pray We displeasthy his betance. him from Remove

those are there in virtue, Nevertheless chasbrow. preserved they be May tribulation of his ure, the days and may misfortune life, of tity, because us blessed with purity of be among who and rejoice, and cease, and Jerusalem soon

that overtakes are not able fully bodies them minds, vigorous and with and of multitude glad for the be made at Judah these great into to keep commandments develop great faith. they May for the sweet her sons and daughters, true womanhood and receive choice all times. We are most grateful unto voices of children in her streets, and for

companions under the new and everthee that thou didst inspire thy servants the manifold blessings thou wilt pour of institute all to lasting the Welfare for time program and for covenant the out upon them.

posfor through eternity which it Church in thy temples provided is made this priceless privilege and purpose sible that the poor and unfortunate Remember, O Lord, thy promises to to Israel, be didst cause thou whom for the provided for without as might to enjoy be too they be privileged May the scattered captive taken and among feiture selfrespect. servof fruits their poster the of union a noble May thy

ity which, we pray thee, may be taught ants continue in thy favor that they heathen and to be dispersed throughout at their mother's knee to believe in thee may thereby merit thy inspiration in all countries, that thou wouldst again and in the divine mission of thy Beloved developing this Welfare program until gather them from among the nations it becomes perfect in all respects to the whither they had been scattered. Wilt

in thy wisFather, thou, O gracious blessing people. of thy thee, that care Father, and thank O our Son.We fulfil speedily thy mercy, dom and art in heaven, halrestore Father which that Our thou didst grand and glorious principle of marriage for eternity, lowed be thy name. Thy kingdom promises unto Israel and cause that they

and didst bestow upon thy servant the come, thy will be done in earth as it is may again be gathered and hearken power to seal on earth and have it recin heaven. With deep gratitude in our unto the voice of thy servants, the

rich merit the thereby prophets, and nations hearts thee that in the the heavens. ognized acknowlwe thank We thou hast promised them their the ceased deblessings privilege of warfare and edge this as one thy most have

Christ, Jesus they acknowledge struction of gifts all the thank when to us. marvelous human May life. We Son, as their Redeemer. thy Beloved that is estabpeace temporarily of thee youth of thy Church come to know

its beauty and of its eternal importance lished in the earth. We do pray that all O Father, remember thy promises

to them, and to take advantage of it people everywhere will now take cogmade unto thy holy prophets regarding when they marry. May they, our nizance of the horrors of war, and rethe remnants of those that thou didst

Father, on the other hand, realize fully pent of their sins and follies and with lead unto this western hemisphere, that that the glorious opportunity for eternal contrite spirits turn unto thee, the God {Continued on next page) companionship of husband and wife, increase, of eternal and the power may Smith, President Albert * Delivered Reuben George also by President forfeited if they be fail, through by them Clark, at subsequent sessions, SeptemberJ. Jr., and President David O. McKay

negligence or indifference, to conform 24 and 25, 1945.

to thy requirements, or if having taken

OCTOBER, 1945 563 DEDICATORY PRAYER {Continued from preceding page) desires, and that thou wilt sustain us in even with joy and singing... And the

they should not be utterly destroyed but our resolve so to do. We pray thee parched ground shall become a pool,

that a remnant should be preserved that thou wilt inspire good and just and the thirsty land springs of water which would turn from their wickedmen everywhere to be willing to sacri-..."(Isaiah 35:1-2, 7.) For the ferness, repent of their sins, and eventually fice for, support, and uphold the Contility of this land which, once most unbecome a white and delightsome people. stitution and the government set up desirable and forbidding, now produces

May the day speedily come when those under it and thereby preserve for man in rich abundance delicious grain, promises will be fulfilled. his agency. fruits, and vegetables, we are most

We thank thee, O God, for the We thank thee that thou hast regrateful. We too express to thee our

choice land upon which we reside, and vealed to us that those who gave us our joy in beholding great mountains towfor the marvelous promises thou hast constitutional form of government ering majestically toward the sky to made concerning America, that it were men wise in thy sight and that inspire thy children to look up, as well should be free from bondage, and from thou didst raise them up for the very as around them, that they might enjoy captivity, and from all other nations purpose of putting forth that sacred thy handiwork.

under heaven so long as the inhabitants document. We thank thee, O God, for sending

Elijah, the Father, ancient prophet, the blessof Wilt to land the should worship of whom the God thou, O our the of this Chief Executive that of his the keys land.. committed land Christ. the was "*. is Jesus who Thou

hast revealed unto us that in the great heart and will may be to preserve to us power of turning the hearts of the facontroversy which took place in heaven and our posterity the free institutions thers to the children, and the hearts that the cornerstone of thy plan of salthy Constitution has provided. Wilt of the children to the fathers, that the

vation was the free agency of man, and thou too bless the legislative and judiwhole earth may not be smitten with a that Lucifer, who was an angel in authority in thy holy presence, proposed a different way; that Lucifer's plan was

rejected because the eRect of its appli- (onfer upon thy people, and especially upon cation would be to deprive thy children thy leaders, in all their various callings, thy of their free agency. Lucifer's When precious gifts of wisdom and judgment,plan rejected rebelled was he by thee,

against thee; there was war in heaven knowledge and understanding, faith, and the

and he and his followers were cast out. spirit of testimony, light, intelligence and

We thank thee that thou hast warned capacity, every attribute, blessing, gift, and us by revelation that Satan would deceive the nations in our time. Thou hast qualification either necessary or desirable for

said, "I will give you a pattern in all them to have and enjoy in order that thy things, that not be deceived, ye may for great and important work may go forward is land,Satan in the abroad and he goeth forth deceiving the nations."As we to consummate its glorious purpose.

look about in the world among the various countries, we find philosophies and forms of government the effect of which cial branches of our government as curse."We thank thee that he was

is to deprive men of their free agency, well as the executive, that all may funcsent to thy servant, Joseph Smith, to but by reason of thy timely warning to tion fully and courageously in their reconfer the keys and authority of the us, we know that they are not approved spective branches completely independwork for the dead, and to reveal that of thee. Since the God of this choice ent of each other to the preservation of the plan of salvation embraces the

land is Jesus Christ, we know that his our constitutional form of government whole of the human family, that the philosophy of free agency should preforever. gospel is universal in scope, and that

vail here. Thou didst amply demonWe pray that kings and rulers and thou art no respecter of persons, havstrate this great principle to us by raisthe peoples of all nations under heaven ing provided for the preaching of the

ing up wise men for the very purpose may be persuaded of the blessings engospel of salvation to both the living of giving us our constitutional form of joyed by the people of this land by and the dead. We are most grateful

government, concerning which thou reason of their freedom under thy guidunto thee that salvation is provided for hast said: ance and be constrained to adopt simiall who desire to be saved in thy kinglar governmental systems, thus to fulfil dom. May it be pleasing to thy people

... I have suffered to be established, the ancient prophecy of Isaiah that to search out the genealogy of their

shouldand for maintained be the rights "... shall the forebears out that of Zion law saviors they go forth become may

all flesh, protection ofand to just according officiating the of from on Mt. JeruZion and the Lord temword by principles;and holy every That may man

ples salem."their for dead. kindred prayact in doctrine in Wethy principle and pertaining to

futurity, according to the moral agency We pray that the barriers which have also that the spirit of Elijah may rest which I have given unto him, that every blocked the pathway to the preaching mightily upon all peoples everywhere man may be accountable for his own sins of the gospel to the inhabitants of many that they may be moved upon to gather in the day of judgment. Therefore, it is of the nations may be broken down or and make available the genealogy of

not that right in should any man be bondage their that servants, ancestors; aside thy faithful the that swept so thy and

to another. thisone for purpose And have utilize missionaries, children the of carry gospel temples thy holy may mayI established the Constitution this of land,

will in to the honest in which to perform peace and of the good on behalf the I ofby hands wise raised men up whom unto this very purpose... (D. & C. 101: heart in every nation under heaven. dead all ordinances pertaining to their

7780.) Our hearts are filled with gratitude eternal exaltation.

toward thee, O God our eternal Father, Bless all those who shall be workers

There are those, our Heavenly Fathat thou didst cause thy Spirit to move in this Temple, whether they be officers, ther, both within and without our borupon our forebears and inspire them to ordinance workers, or caretakers. May

ders, who would destroy the constitucome to this goodly land, declared by they fulfil the functions of their retional form of government which thou thee to be choice above all other lands, spective callings in accordance with the hast so magnanimously given us, and where they might worship thee unspirit and purpose of it. May all ordiwould replace it with a form that would trammeled; that thou didst promise, nances to be performed in this House,

curtail, if not altogether deprive, man "The wilderness and solitary place including baptisms, confirmations, of his free agency. We pray thee, shall be glad for them; and the desert washings, anointings, searings, endowtherefore, that in all these matters thou shall rejoice, and blossom as the rose. ments, and all that is done, be acceptwilt help us to conform our lives to thy It shall blossom abundantly, and rejoice able unto thee. Bless, we pray thee,

564 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Dedicatory Prayer DEDICATION PROCEEDINGS records that those and copy make who

JR. ZOBELL, By ALBERT L in cold, windy, from a accame accurate their and be work may

the Editorial vf Staff into the dreary morning and thee; those also unto ceptable and

of solitude quiet Sabbath day in erection the of WE labored havewho Joseph of E. Williams the Stake. Blackfoot Song, first dedithe for the of Lord the House or have this House, thy Holy who "Holiness the Becometh the of House Lord,"by a

of nine the from inchorus women Shelley Stake. catory session. almost Adto- Quickly and or time contributed of their means

dress, President George Albert Smith. Address, three audibly the congregation of some its completion. rewardward Elder Stephen May their Richards, L Address, Elder John H.

Taylor. Address, Bishop Marvin Ashton. their O. assigned DediSaints thousand took their complete. sure joybe and

catory Prayer by President George Albert Smith. in places. the background Somewhere Shout Hosanna led by President David grateful, Father, McKay. O. Heavenly are We Song, Breaks, the Morning "The like Shadows Flee,"by an organ organ much rear to played—an permitted that been have we choir. the Address, Elder Oscar A. Kirkham. Song. in of chapels our have many ward we the "Let Mountains Shout For the choir. spot, this this beautiful by Joy,"temple upon on

Prayer, President Berkeley of Larsen the Shelley J. thoughtful as such hymns rivers,—playing majestic of thy ofthe one bank Stake.

invite would hushed reverence—"O My itthe of poshave which waters made September SESSIONMonday. 24. FOURTH

Father,"the "I a.m.: 10:00 "As Song, and Dew,"of Israel,"Need "Redeemer the conby faithful sible residing Saints for thy

gregation the choir and of the Idaho Falls North Hour."Thee Every establish thehere land and to subdue Stake. Prayer, Patriarch James Duckworth, former

for stopped organ president of the The Blackfoot a moment Stake. Song, "Give delightful homes.

a Thanks,"written number especially for the temple the then and scratching even of our dedication by Anna Edwards and Watson sung a the by for thee thank means We ladies'disturbingly that pens sextet audible sat was as from the Yellowstone Stake. we Address, in that hands has placed havethou our President George Albert Smith. Address, Elder in the of one that sacred most of rooms Albert E. Bowen. Address, Elder Marion this edifice G. Romney. in utilized constructingbeen

Address, Presiding House. Holy Bishop Le Richards. Grand Dediit for purposes. preparing holyand catory Prayer read President by David O. McKay. the organ Then began "Sweet Hour led Hosanna Shout President by George Albert Smith. ourselves before present now if We of Prayer,"Song, as transposing the "Hosanna the Anthem,"choir. by Song, "Lo

the Mighty in Appearing,'gratitudethee the God choir. with by humble and Prayer. thoughts the of assembled inmultitude President David of the Smith Falls North Idaho Stake filledhearts praise thanksgivwith and to president and music. of the Falls Idaho Temple.

fit thating to hast permit us seen thou FIFTH 2:00 SESSIONMonday, p.m.: Song, of Prophet the Lord, The President

the "High on Mountain the Top,"by congregation this building,to sacred complete which Albert Smith, George entered, and the and we choir of the Stake. Rexburg Prayer, Heber is finished to dediready and be Austin, now former president of the Brigham the and to stood Idaho all him. welcome Then was

Falls Stakes. Song, Divine Redeemer,"vocal a "O to thee cated thy to most holy and silence, the organ and on. played duet by Arch Gardener and Bonita G. Hopkins the of herename. today and Star And now we Valley Stake. Address, President George President Althis Smith began sacred

bert Smith. Address, Elder Joseph Merrill. F. all this Addedicate unto thee with Temple meeting saying this that first by the dress, was Elder Sonne. Alma Address, Patriarch Joseph

it itthat that pertains unto holy be F. may Smith. Dedicatory Prayer read by President general of meeting it the J. that Church

Clark, Reuben Jr. Hosanna led Shout President by it sight;in that of thy a house be may his been had responsibility to conduct David O. McKay. Song, "This House Dedicate Weprayer, of praise of house to a and worthe choir. Thee,"by Address, Elder since being Thomas E. called to the Presidency of McKay. Address, Elder Milton R. Hunter. Song, it ship, that rest glory thy upon may the in Church May. "Glorious are Things of Zion,"Sung the choir. by

in continually presence thy holy beand Prayer, President Peter of Ricks the J. Rexburg all of programs The dedicatory sesStake. it; it that an acceptable and be may sions are outlined, here including the SIXTH 7:15 SESSIONMonday, p.m.: Song, "For for thy Son, theabode Jesus WellBeloved Strength of the Hills Bless Thee,"the by We evening session, Monday which anwas congregation a quartet and the from Falls Idaho Stake. itChrist, that Savior; our both be may nounced Sunday to morning take care Melvin Toone, J. Stake. Minidoka Song,

its allsanctified in consecrated Father,"and quartet. the by My Prayer,"O Address, Presiof the overflow if it members, who, dent George Albert Smith. Address, Elder Charles thee,parts that sacred unto and pray we possible, had been Callis. A. would Address, have been Clifford Elder E. Young.

all the those cross Dedicatory threshold Prayer who may read President by David O. seated the on spacious Temple lawns McKay. Hosanna led Shout President by George Althis thineof impressed be House may during the bert services. Sunday Smith. Song, "I Need Every Thee Hour,"by

it, the holiness quartet. the deportwith of themand Address, Elder L. Richard Evans. Song, FIRST SESSIONSunday, September 23, 10:00 Spirit of "The a Like Is Fire God Burning,"the byselves therein righteous a.m.: with conduct, Song: "Come, Saints,"Come choir Ye by of congregation quartet. the and Prayer, Fred SchwendiPocatello Stake West the and congregation. Prayer, its uncleanliness man, second everand pass in counselor no the may Idaho Falls Tample President Albert Choules of the Stake. Teton Song, presidency. acportals. pray that wilt thou "Softly the now Beams Sacred Dawning,"a by double We SESSIONTuesday, SEVENTH 25, mixed quartet from the Stake. Teton adOpening freewill a.m.: offering this 10:00cept as a "I Song, Temple Know That Redeemer SeptemberMy dress, President George Albert Smith. Address, the Lives,"by congregation the choir and of the it will children that sacred President thy befrom Clark, Reuben J. Jr., Address, President Falls Idaho Stake. Prayer, President John M. Homer F. George Richards. Dedicatory Prayer President by the of all Falls thee. Idaho that Stake.unto that has pray Song, Seer,"bari- a "The We George Albert Smith. Hosanna led Shout Presiby solo tone Merrill by of the Big Stake. M. Horn Tew pleasdentbeen here accomplished be David O. Song, McKay. may "Hosanna Anthem,"Address, President Albert George Smith. Address, the choir. by Address, Elder John A. Widtsoe. Adsight, in Presidenting that David thy wilt McKay. thou be O. mindAddress, Elder Nicholas dress, Elder Petersen. E. Mark Song, of the "Song Smith. G. Dedicatory Prayer read President by J. it all ful this at of structure that Redeemer,"the times choir. Prayer, by President William Clark, Reuben Jr. Hosanna led Shout by President of P. the Whitaker Pocatello Stake. David O. Address, the the of McKay. Elder fury preserved be from B. Haroldmay Lee.

Song, 2:00 p.m.: of SESSIONSunday, SECOND the "Song choir. the Song, Redeemed,"by Prayer, influelements from unhallowed and the "Let Mountains Shout For President the by of choir B. Thomas Croft the Joy,"Big Stake. Horn

the from Boise and Stakes. Prayer, Nampa President kind. ofences every SESSIONTuesday, September 25, EIGHTH 2:00 S. Charles of Clark the Cassia Stake. Song, "My Song, p.m.: "Come, Saints,"the Come by congreYe let Testimony,"a thou, Father, by young our Wilt Heavenly chorus women's from the gation the choir and the from Stake. Rigby AcknowlFalls Stake. Twin Opening address, President George edgements felt by President Clark, thatthy presence Reuben here always, Prayer, J. Jr. be Albert Smith. Address, President David O. McKay. first Sayer, R. John in counselor the Falls Idaho TemAddress,all realize Elder that Fielding assemble Joseph here Smith. Address, may who ple presidency. Song, "Bless This a House."by Elder Ivins. Antoine R. Dedicatory Prayer Presiby quartet the from is Stake. Rigby this are Address, thatthey thy President guests thy and dent George Albert Smith. Hosanna led Shout by Albert George Smith. Address, President Reuben J. President David O. Song,House. McKay. Spirit of "The Clark, Address, Jr. S. Elder Dilworth Young. Dediis a Like Fire Burning,"choir God congregation. and catory Prayer President by George Albert PriestIn Smith. the authority of thy Holy Address, Bishop L. Joseph Wirthlin. Address, Elder Shout led President Hosanna David by O. McKay. Ezra Taft Benson. Song, "Granthood, the these dedicate thee Peace,"unto by Us we the Song, "Let Mountains Shout the For by Joy,"choir. Prayer, President Z. Millar of Boise the Reed choir. Address, Elder Spencer Kimball. all its Closing this in building parts,grounds, W. Stake. remarks, President Albert Smith. George Song, to foundation capstone,from together 6:30 p.m.: SESSIONSunday, Song. THIRD "Softly the "For Beams Sacred Dawning,"choir. the by

the Strength of the Hills,"the congregation by Prayer, and President of D. James the Hoggan all Burley inthatwith thereunto, appertains

the choir the from Blackfoot Stake. Prayer, President Stake. furnishingscluding equipment and and

all facilities, and we pray that accepting this our offering thou wilt preserve the same from decay and the ravages As this issue of The Improvement Era goes to press, we learn that an of time. We now present this precious automobile accident has seriously injured Mrs. Marba C. Josephson,

Temple unto thee, Holy Father, with our associate editor, and has taken the life of her husband Newel F. Josephall that pertains to it, inside and out, son. To her and her splendid family our love and sympathy go out beyond

with our love and gratitude, and pray the power of our expression.

that thou wilt accept of our offering, May the power that comes from God, the help of heaven, bless her and and unto thee we ascribe all honor, restore her speedily to health, and sustain her and her family in this glory, and praise forever through thy terrible loss.

Beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

OCTOBER, 1945 555 Jke AWESOME TASK OF

this the close of great gathering 7TT there f-\ re5u lresiaent for need extended is no * * marks. I join in every word of

thanks that has been uttered because hostilities have ceased, in every prayer for peace, and in every invocation for Some seem to contemplate that we the comfort of God to come to those shall coerce the minds and spirits of who mourn, to those who suffer from these peoples. But God himself does

disease, to those who are wounded, not do that. We must come to them

maimed, and crippled. May God be with the law of the brotherhood of men,

good to them. I make my own every and with mercy, justice, and the love

word of gratitude to those who have of peace. For peace will not come

by their service, their hardship, their to the earth while a hundred odd suffering, and their sacrifice, made us millions of people seethe with hate the victors instead of the vanquished. and vengeance in their hearts. They

May God sanctify all this to the blessmust be led, not driven, to peace.

ing of all mankind. Yet we come to our task of selfPeace will not come to the earth while a hundred

odd millions of people seethe with hate and vengeance in their hearts.

For me this hour of triumph is the assumed duties while hate yet smoulders most solemn in all our natural records, in our hearts, with some amongst us tryperhaps indeed the most fateful in all ing to fan it into flame. We are not

profane history, not alone from the without a spirit of conquest, nor has the magnitude of the victory, but from what feeling of retaliation yet left us.

we and our allies have undertaken to do. Hate even to loathing, and revenge,

Nations take new places, ourselves and dire fear, fill the hearts of our eneamong them. I wish to say something mies. They will dream and plan and

about this. conspire to visit upon us even as we

In the dispensation of Providence we have visited upon them. We shall seek

come to a new era. We may not ignore to change their dreams; we shall punish

or shun the part and place we have those who plan and conspire. This is

taken therein, won by the force of our the rule of conquest.

/"* od will not, cannot come where hate arms.We must come to this new service

both with courage and humility, and meets hate, and revenge meets rewith full understanding; we must not be venge. Where these things dwell, rightin ignorance about what we ought to eousness cannot abide, and where rightdo nor what we have in mind doing. eousness is not, the powers of evil comWe have fully subjugated, enslaved mand.

as nations, two mighty peoples; we are Yet we must build for peace. We

to determine how much of liberty we want no more war. All humanity calls

shall permit the individuals thereof to for this. God has commanded it, for

enjoy. from the first he has said, "love your

While we are familiar with the conneighbors as yourselves."We are all his

cepts and aspirations, the intellectual children—the good, the bad, the fair

life, the cultural achievement of one skin and the dark. He has given to no

people, for they are cast in our mold, man authority to deal with his fellow however much they may, at the moment, man otherwise.

be malformed; yet on the other hand, This is an awesome task. Surely we

the like elements of character of the must come to our work in soberness, other nation are in large part a sealed with prayers in our hearts and on our book to us. lips, that we may, in all this, workout

We are to assume, for better or his will. We may not forget that we

worse, the responsibility for the ecoare far from being the perfect lawnomic, cultural, intellectual, and spiritumakers, even for ourselves.

al welfare of a hundred odd millions of If peace does not come, but war, people, whose every existence indeed then ours will be the fault, ours and our lies in our hands. Behind each of these allies.

peoples lie ages of traditions and conBut the hour of victory leaves with ventions that are part of themselves. us a problem far greater than even

566 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Address delivered in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, September 4, 1945, at a Community Service of all Faiths and Peoples, gathered in Thanksgiving for the Return of Peace, and

Conducted by President George Albert Smith ( See also page 583 -PEACE

Great will be our blessings if we meet our duties and responsibilities,

OF THE FIRST PRESIDENCY great our penalties if we fail.

IVay knowledge endow us with God these. end the use the war with We help understanding; 1 and us and our of the destructive most the weapon

mind of man has yet conceived. It can allies to see our task aright; give us

literally destroy nations, apparently understanding of men and nations; bewith a degree of horror and misery and stow upon us justice, tempered with

suffering heretofore unknown. Humanmercy; enlighten us that we see the

kind, the beasts of the field, the fowls things that matter as against those that us discernment do not; give and of men air, fish of the the in can the sea,—all nations; selfput pride and arrogance, it be wiped out and be the earth may

righteousness intolerance, hate and and itself lifeless. made learned We have in plant revenge, from our hearts, and to unleash an elemental force how of the

universe. lieu thereof, brotherly love and kindness, that lead subject these we may that shall assume Some this keep we into peoples the of peace and ways secret to of America we ourselves,—righteousness, forsaking they force and

favorites, our it, and invented we who rule us, all the else, might; of give above

it for did not from come nor Germany, in to govern with wisdom accordance that, since shall alone we Japan—and eternal the principles everlasting the of

secret, the it, have alone use we may for gospel, in other no and no by way as shall just to us seem proper. and But will other process peace permacome the useful to purposes this which new nently to strictly will men. hold us God be power put may great seem so that this responsible for stewardship which this later sooner or terrorstriking secret at the seized have point the of we will the become property of common sword.

it the world. can be Then turned against

us. And now again, we mourn with those

Thus, we of America appear to have who have lost loved ones in this terrible loosed upon the world that which can conflict. Again we pray: May the

be the greatest curse that ever afflicted Lord comfort and console them and men, or the greatest temporal blessing fortify them with the knowledge that that ever came to humanity. Let us send God doeth all things well and rewards

to our Father in heaven, our daily prayevery one who yields his life to high ers, as fervent and faithfilled as the duty and his country's call; may war

/e must come to our work in soberness, with prayers in our hearts and on our lips, that we may, in all this, work out God's will.

human heart can feel and the human not again curse the earth; may all the

mind form, that God will so direct his peoples of the earth put hate out of children in the use of this great distheir hearts and lives, that real peace covery that good not evil will ever may enter and pervade their souls, the flow after it. I pray this with all the peace which the Lord gives to those

power I possess. But my heart is heavy who live righteously; may we all know

with foreboding, because the nations that all men are God's children, that he ( ourselves among them ) are proposing cares for and loves them, and watches to arm on a scale never before equalled over and protects every one that doeth in the history of the world; and armed righteousness. May the Lord hasten the

nations have always been fighting naday that all men may come to know the tions. I fear Armageddon is not yet Redeemer of the world, that they may

fought, and, if fought with this weapon, live in obedience to the commandments we shall pray the Lord to fulfil his of God. And lastly at this time, we pray

promise for wisdom and guidance that we and "And except those days should be they we now rule, shall come to a oneshortened, there should no flesh be ness of purpose that shall bring peace, saved: but for the elect's sake those permanent peace to all men. O God,

days shall be shortened."(Matt. 24: give us peace, we pray in Jesus'name.

22.) Amen.

OCTOBER, 1945 567 fwwsiifesSBi mmmmmmwmsmmf *w.

Dedicated April 6, 1893 Dedicated October 23, 1927

3&trHattfc tEemple Dedicated March 27, 1836

Dedicated April 6, 1877

,3lfralja (Sfalls cntple Dedicatory Services September 23. 24.25. 1945

(Jlanabtan tEempIe (iHantt tEempIe

Dedicated August 26, 1923 Dedicated May 21, 1888

Cogan emple au&oo tEempIe JlCaniattatt temple

Dedicated May 17, 1884 Dedicated May 1, 1846 Dedicated November 27, 1919

THE TEMPLE

ydako jrc

JR.THEfor realizationa temple inofIdahoa longfeltcame adesirestep By ALBERT L ZOBELL,

nearer when, in March 1937, it was OF THE EDITORIAL STAFF announced that the First Presidency was planning the erection of a temple in the Gem State. By the fall of 1939 plans Architectural plans called for an

were completed and it was announced eighteen foot excavation for the temple, that the temple would be located in Idaand just at that level a solid bed of lava ho Falls, on the banks of the Snake rock was found. Fiftysix test holes

River, north of the Idaho Falls L.D.S. were drilled in this rock to make sure

Hospital. It has been related that when that it provided an ideal foundation.

that hospital the constructed was the foundation Actual on work was IDAHO FALLS TEMPLE FROM WEST SIDE, extra large boilersChurch had used 5, 1940, and on October August in begun ACROSS SNAKE RIVER the heating plant, larger than would 19 of that year, the southeast cornerever be needed by the hospital. That stone of the temple was laid by Presioriginal heating plant will now utilize its dent David O. McKay at the conclusion tons of steel. The outside walls are

capacity by heating the temple, the new faced with a pure white cast stone.

nurses'home, and the hospital. Marble is extensively used in the halls

Now dedicated, the temple will be and the rooms of the building, in variSmith Albert George Presidentthe of nucleus ten hundred wards two grains. colors is ous and of it Some of the prayer dedicatory offered in stakes branches ofand twentyone marble, but Utah most of imit was September Falls Temple, the IdahoIdaho, and southeastern Wyoming, Italy, France, ported from and Sweden, of the at each repeated 23, which was is of wellOregon. There a membership before beginning of the the war. the services during dedicatory seven

in theover ninety thousand temple all at period. Attendance threeday the case all the with Latterday As is

district, President be served by who will limited sessions to Church memwas Saint temples, the walls of most

David Smith and his counselors, John bership residing in the temple area, ordinance rooms have been beautifullyof the

R. Sayer and Fred Schwendiman. the General Authorities, and other decorated with appropriate scenes.

of the appointees special Church. the sevenacre are block temple Upon artists the is to be whose Among work within Conflicting conferences stake of hundreds evergreen growingnow in the Falls found are Idaho Temple other cancelled, the area and weretrees hedges. shrubs and and many Richards, Lee Greene Harris Weberg, that holding conferences stakes weekflowers, started in hothouse aBedded L. Shepherd, Robert Peter and Kamps, of representation did without end so will to block, adjoining help anon late the Everett. A. F. the Authorities, the Joseph permit to General

beautify the grounds each summer. Falls. in brethren to Idaho be archiof temple Church board The city sufficient is availAlthough water First the to press goes As the Era

in charge buildof planning the for needs,able gardening an auxiliary that the tects Presidency has announced pump has been installed that will also date has not been set for the opening ing were Edward O. Anderson,

supply water from the Snake River for of ordinance work at the temple. Georgius Y. Cannon, Ramm Hansen,

this purpose. John Fetzer, Hyrum C. Page, Lorenzo

Near the main temple entrance on the S. Young, and Arthur Price, advisor.

contractor FinBird Bishop The waseast are three concrete placed ponds layson of Pocatello, died August who of of fitting services attended by many of blocks walks inlaid withamid wide 2, 1941. nativevaricolored stones. A stream theof interestedGeneral Authoritiesspectators. and thousands sparklingof continuously water flows Immediately prior to the dedication

from one lagoon to the other, creating Work on the ninetyfoot tower began the building was open for six days for three picturesque, manmade waterfalls. June 4, 1941, and on August 19, 1941, public inspection. Thousands were esthe capstone and a stainless steel plate corted through the structure by author-

C* round was first broken for the Idaho were placed on top of the tower. The ized guides during the period.KJ scaffolding then removed from the was 19, Falls Temple on December 1939, This, functionthe eighth temple now outside building. of the President Smith of theby David North ing in the of in excess cost Church,

Idaho Falls Stake, who has since been The temple is built of 6,168 cubic $700,000.

called as president of the temple. yards of reenforced concrete and 271

It is fitting that the temple be situated at Idaho Falls because men and women who believe in the divine mission of the Prophet Joseph Smith have been in Idaho for ninety years. The Latterday Saints settled Ft. Lemhi on the

Salmon River in 1 855, but soon had to withdraw because of Indian trouble and

FRONT VIEW, the coming of Johnston's army. They

IDAHO FALLS made Idaho's first permanent settlement

TEMPLE at Franklin, in 1 860. The Church came

to Idaho Falls first when it was known as Eagle Rock, when, in October 1882, a branch of the Cache Stake was organized. Because of these, and the

thousands of Saints since the first who have lived, worked, and have had faith in Idaho, there stands today a temple at

Idaho Falls.

OCTOBER, 1945 569

WHEN owmon

THE ACCLAIMWON

OF PRESIDENT DIAZ Dm oLedlie <=>L. Duau/eehd

ThedentlongPorfirioadministrationDiaz (18771880,of Presi1884-1911 ) with its unprecedented internal improvements, fostering of native manufacturers, investment of forPRESIDENT PORFIRIO DIAZ eign capital, and encouragement of colonization gave to the Republic of

Mexico a greater measure of peace, prosperity, and progress than it had hitherto known in its troubled existence.

first organthe 1885, April In when the families charges shipping to sawmills but offered on operated two pay to few colonists ofized Mormon company mills exhibits."shingle and supplied colonial lumber and

acting the ordered enter by was Mexico shingles Bentley the and for to hunarea C. one was Accordingly, Joseph

8 that to leave of Chihuahuagovernor miles to take around. of trade dred the board appointed by

fifteen BrigElders state days, within colonial of Colonia under from Writing samples representative Juarez some Thatcher, and Jr., Young, Mosesham date corre- 3, to of a 1893, manufactures December Mexico and produce the hastened Twelve, the of of Council himself, to hired Sierra spondent also signed were Photographers City. who Presito to appeal City to Mexico public principal the the of bounties described the of Madre, pictures take

7 statesfar-sighted Diaz. dent That in colonies the following words: residences to what show buildings and

the of set Chihuadecree the asideman in short the accomplished been had last colonists writing Since has colony our been the gave governor and hua my years. 1 ten of space

... very prosperous. dairy have settle. men Our This to remain permission and City, in Joseph Arriving Mexico their labor. faces year's smiling after them on the fittingly act by commemorated was the received cordially by Bentley was is It estitasty. rich are Their products and settlefirst permanent the of naming his exfor officials, allotted fair space this that in locality here worth mated $6,000 Diaz. ment Colonia bunting flags export. for cheese of hibits, been and has produced supplied with

During the following decade the Farmers have put up large stacks of hay for decoration, and assigned several colonists prospered, acting upon the infor their work horses and milch cows. Barns peons to unload and move his produce.

full plentiful are outstacks are the and Porfirio on vitation to extended them by of pyramid erect to a proceeded He side. articles are Various being... now worksaid: needs Diaz, "Mexico who the as high as cheeses nearly colony in the export, colonies for here produced if invite ers; like your lands, you your goods, ceiling, canned of great stack a in successful to order of a board be and join friends you, and to over and come extenarrival, and after labeled with the of neatly trade organized been has view

will in facility our every youwe flour, peaches, sive apples, displays of better prices of procuring opening and up 2 give power."prodlocalities for our saddles, The candy, and Mormon products. new harnesses—all By the close of 1893, Colonia Diaz first this organization step for colonists. was taken ucts of the thrifty Mormon

in boasted colonists seven officers hundred and 26, nomiwere 1893, and August rewere products the Each day addition for Bentthree Brother to raising C. months. cattle farming nated J. and wilted stock and for variety, arranged business ley and chosen manager was for noted the of was manufacture

fresh. The Mormon replenished with of the president as board George Sevey W. brooms corn, from prodbroom which than comment exhibits more attracted president. Pratt vice with as Helaman Each 8 uct in marketed was Chihuahua, Dufair, and were the its of other part in representative board. the colony any had other rango, and cities. ColMexican equal and an organization permanent medals has been made The eleven awarded with onia Juarez, an 4 equal of number is their expected. for and good excelmuch diplomas of number its settlers, devoted efforts largely to 9

lence. fruit raising also but operated can- a inin colonies the 1896, were "pARLY close of the the extoward day One gristmill, brick kiln, a nery, a tannery, a their exhibits enter of to vited some approached manager Jothe position shoeshops. rising two settleand The the at handicraft produce Coyocan and the information that with Bentley seph 6 of Dublan, Colonia ment with a popuat City the Fair of Mexico. were They his cabinet and were Diaz President three hundred, of lation likewise was that perPresident Diaz informed was inspect exhibits to the officially coming particularly agricultural and outstandin learning the sonally interested what Sunday. Immediately following the on its cheese. butter and for ing Colonia incolonists accomplished. an had As Continued on ( page 608 in high perched the Sierra Pacheco, ducement the Government Mexican author the to Joseph Bentley by C. related Mountains, numbered only As a Madre

LII, 16, 1896, Weekly. 4. April No. Deseret ''The 3lbid., 13, LVIII. 1894, 4. 123. Colonia January No.

Chronology. Church Jenson, 493494 The Deseret Andrew Garcia until Colonia and not were founded Chuichupa

the author to related Joseph C. 119120 Bentley by 1899, Salt Lake *As Press, the 1894. spring of News

16, LII. 1896, April Weekly. 4. Deseret 21, No. No. The November Weekly. 11. City,XLVII, Deseret *Ibid.. >*The 1, 23, 27 1893, XLVI1I, No. December

493494 *Ibid.. LII, 16. 1893, 643 April No. 4, 1896, 493

570 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MOTHER OlVlS orce J. V J. amma, there's the doorbell!, By DEAN B. FARNSWORTH **M"Yes, Dickie, mother heard it."

"Then let's go and see who's there."

"Yes, Dickie; in a minute."Mrs, the fundamental teaching of the Bible "A missionary from some society,

Johnson untied her apron with one hand and the Savior. And,"the young man dear."

as she crossed to the stove. Placing the added, "people should be interested beHearing the familiar word, missionrolls for dinner in the oven, she checked cause that is all that is really permaary, Dickie suddenly let go of her skirt.

the gauge and hurried after Dickie to nent."He scarcely intended the state- "A missionary like Frank?"

the front door. A young man was walkment to come out the way it did, but His mother stopped, went back to the

ing down the porch steps. Automatihe was thoroughly convinced that what door, and peeked through a corner of

cally the woman opened the door, wishhe said was true. the curtain. The missionary was waiting she hadn't when she saw the omiMrs. Johnson was slightly nonplussed ing in front of the Slater's door. She

nously salesmanlike satchel he held in by this frank declaration. "Well, perknew that no one was home. Assailed

his hand. The youth removed his hat haps you are right. People should be with a sudden idea, she opened the door

and climbed the steps rapidly. interested. But, there is a time and and called, "May I speak with you

"Good afternoon. I am calling this place for it. I am doing all I can in my again, please?"The young man jumped

afternoon to see if you would be interway with my own church. Right now down the steps of the neighbor's porch

ested in a copy of the revised version I'm getting dinner."and ran across the lawn.

"I R. Dr. aboutof notes haven't Bible the with mind changed M. by my courteously withyoung man The

I'll Bible the yet,"she "but warned,Hanson."the argument, bidding from drew

I if alrolls in right minute, and, hot a "I'm and now, very the have some busy afternoon. housewife good

inyou'll really waiting, don't Bible. I think not I'm mind you aready have

terested today."like them. Will you come in and sit

ickie, hanging on to course his down?""Of D

all usual to do. to ask the I try began "You bet I will! I haven't tasted any sellingWe booksbelieveisn'tthatreallymen mother's skirt

in all churches have drifted away from questions: "Who was that, Mamma?"homemade bread since I left Iowa."

"So you're from Iowa? A long way

from home here in Centertown, aren't you? Excuse me a moment."She went

into the kitchen to see if there was sufficient butter. While she was gone, Dickie

proceeded to question the stranger after the manner of a fiveyear-old.

"Do you know my brother, Frank?

He's a missionary, too—only he's in a

different country. He's in AustraAustralia. Is Iowa in Australia?"

The stranger, happy at the prospect of food and friendliness, was somewhat nervous at being in the home of a missionary and was embarrassed by the amazingly difficult "third degree"of his sociable host. "Iowa is a state like this

only it's in the middle west."He had

just about decided to ask a few questions himself of the precocious little inquisitor when the lady of the house came in with a tray containing hot rolls, butter, and dishes of honey and jam.

"Just help yourself,"she said, placing a small table before him. "Tell me more

about your work. It looks to me as if

you have quite a few Bibles for this time of day. Aren't you having any

luck?""No; an old lady on the street that

crosses this one toward town told me that I wouldn't have very good luck.

She said that most everybody in this town belongs to a church with an awfully long name, something about the Saints in it, and that everybody interested in Bibles would already have one."He took another roll and loaded

it with honey. "This is mighty good

honey.""That's Vernal honey,"said Mrs.

Johnson, "it's about the best there is.

My uncle raises it."She left the room,

returning with more rolls. "My eldest

(Continued on page 609) OCTOBER, 1945 571 EZEKIEL, in his vision of the temple, saw running water issuing from the foundations of it, which gradually swelled until it became a large river that healed the waters of the Dead Seaand made it fit for living creatures. ncievit

( Ezekiel 47. ) It is not impossible that

this is a prophecy of what will literally transpire; but even if we regard it as

figurative, it is strikingly true. From

the temples of God, in all dispensations, This article from the pen of J. M.

"living water"; that is7 spiritual force, Sjodahl first appeared in the April

has always flowed from the sacred serv1936, temple issue of the Era.ices, influencing the civilization of em

man, as no other force in the world.

Hence, the history of the temples of the history his ofGod is people. When By J. M. SJODAHL fall,those places his beworshipers

come scattered. When the temples are

again reared, they gather, and as the people are faithfully "standing in holy easily taken apart. This box was covwas completed, it was deposited there

, and was possiblyplaces"the cause of the kingdom of ered with curtains of costly material ( II Chronicles 1:3-6)

God is advanced on earth as in heaven. and workmanship. The first was one destroyed by Nebuchadnezzar.

figures fine of linen of with embroidered brief the paper temples on of A God scarlet. in blue, of purple, Solomon and Temple cherubim Theproperly begins with of a the review

ceiling. the second was was Thetabernacle in reared the wilderness by This historic this of plan model and third the hair goats'of of HPhe and made itMoses. as was, That replica were, a

skins, red. after rams'structure those outward dyed formed were Theof the tabernacle "not with made

"tamaterial, utensils tabernacle. of cover the heavy were some of was The intohands,"Christ which went, "havIt leather. of hash,"possibly three kind the same. on surrounded some wasing eternal obtained for redemption us."

(Heb. 9:11, 12.)

One of the last prophetic visions of the scriptures is one concerning this heavenly tabernacle, or temple. We

read: "And I heard a great voice out

of heaven saying, Behold, the tabernacle of God is with men, and he will dwell with them, and they shall be his people, and God himself shall be with them, and be their God."(Rev. 21:3.)

The Tabernacle

Immediately after the Lord, on Sinai.

had established his covenant with

Moses, as the representative of Israel, he commanded him to ask the people for freewill offerings with which to build a tent suitable for sacred purposes. They had, it seems, a tabernacle

of congregation, where the presence of the Lord was manifested (Exodus 33:

7 ), but he required a dwelling built according to a heavenly pattern. (Ex.

25:9, 40.) Gold, silver, brass; fabrics

and yarn of fine linen and goat's hair;

skins, oil, spices, onyx and other precious stones, and fine woods were needed.

Before the exodus the Israelites had been richly endowed by the Egyptians, who in their fear of death were glad to SCHICK'S MODEL OF SOLOMON'S TEMPLE, see them leave at any price, and they The interior was divided into two JERUSALEM could easily obtain of passing mercompartments, by means of a veil of—Photograph by Under woodStratton

chants such materials as the desert did rich embroidered linen. The golden

not produce. altar of incense, the table of shewbread

The tabernacle was built and reared and the gold candlestick constituted sides by chambers, each five cubits on the first day of the first month of the the furniture of the large room, the square, and it had a porch which rose year. Its completion was also the beginHoly Place, to which only priests had to a height of one hundred twenty

ning of a new epoch in the history of access. In the smaller compartment, cubits. Here were also two artistically

the people. called the Holy of Holies, the ark was finished pillars, each eighteen cubits

This building was an oblong, rectankept, and the high priest alone might high. One was called Jachin, "he shall

gular structure, thirty cubits* in length enter this sanctuary.f establish"; and the other, Boaz, "in him

and ten in breadth and height. Its frame The tabernacle, when Israel had is strength."Just what the object of

consisted of boards, each ten cubits by crossed the Jordan, was first set up at these obelisks was is not stated. Paul

one and onehalf, standing in silver Gilgal. Then it was pitched at Shiloh. may have had them in mind when he

sockets and firmly joined together, yet Finally, when the temple of Solomon compared the Christian hope to an *A cubit is about 18 inches, or, as some hold. 21 fFor a detailed description, see Exodus 25:30 and "anchor,"[or anchor chain] "of the

inches. 36:40. Also. Hebrews 9. soul, which entereth into that within

572 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

the veil"(Heb. 6:19), if they, perhaps, The Second Temple As has often been observed, it did

were, by means of chains, connected not have the ark with the mercy seat, with the interior of the temple. 1. A second temple was erected by not the glory of God (the Shekinah)

The main laver, or baptismal font, Zerubbabel and the exiles who had renot the urim and thummim, but by the was a huge copper vessel, five cubits turned from the captivity, but many of personal presence in it of the Son of high and ten cubits from brim to brim. the older generation regarded this strucGod, its glory was, according to j the

It had a capacity of sixteen thousand ture -as very much inferior to that of word of the Prophet Haggai (2:9):

gallons, and stood on a pedestal of Solomon. (Ezra 3:12.) In the year greater than that of the former temple.

In parenthetical comment it may here be remembered that the same prophet,;

in the same verse, has the following prediction, yet to be fulfilled: "And in "7 this place will I give peace, saith the he history of the temples of God is Lord of hosts."Another temple is yet

the history of his people. When those places fall, his tois occupiedbe rearedbyon athisMohammedanground whichmosque.today

worshipers becowie scattered. When the temples are A few lines concerning this "Herodagain reared, they gather, and as the people are faithian"tered temple:the courtIf weof werethe gentiles,to have enwe

fully *standing in holy places? the cause of the kingshould have found ourselves in a market

dom of God is advanced on earth as in heaven?'place,changerswherehad establishedmerchants themselves.and money

Before us, and raised a few feet, would have been the court of the women. On pillars along the wall were inunclean gentiles scriptions and warning

it possibly,twelve a oxen, design which, Antiochus 163 profaned B.C. by was death. of pain enter to on not persons of reminder of of a erected dedication the thewas Epiphanes, an image who

14.) 2:13, (Eph. in offering, altartabernacle altar the the wilderof burnt and the Jupiter on the to led fifteen steps of ascent An theness, Israel that princes of twelve brought outrage when Judas an Maccourts court. two These or men's inner call his patriotic might to followers cabaeus them and—we apostles—brought the there Israel, courts of and the were offeringsthe front. of the encounters, the before people sanguinary the After

priests the were while prayed people six in city temple, covered the theLord wagons, recovered they drawn and by There sacrifices. 1:10.) offering (Luke

it, oxen.twelve repaired purified the sanctuary (Num.7.) and priests only to which court also a was B.C. 160 dedicatory offered prayer The by access. had 2. the before twenty years About is (IIKing Chron. Solomon 6:1442) the Place was porch Holy the From era, underChristian Great, the Herod theperhaps literary most sublime comthe from separated entered, which was this temple. rebuild repair to and took inposition the Testament. In anOld veil, that, the double Holies of by Holy is It for nine said years that he emfire that to prayer,swer came down rent crucifixion, of the was at the time eighteen thousand ployed workmen,from heaven, the of glory the and Lord the to that the indicate in to way two, splendor at of the the restoring aimingfilled house, the entire the whereupon accesbeen made Father had Heavenly

congregation lifted up their voices in Christ. the Jesus Mediator, sible by

ITZA, YUCATAN, MEXICO EL CASTILLO CHICHENsong and praise. 10:1922.) (Hebrews

by Harris Dr. F. S.—Photograph destruction at the time of the Here,

of the Temple, Titus found the golden candlestick, the table of shewbread and the trumpets by which the priests had proclaimed the years of jubilee.

Onias'Temple t appears from Josephus that the Jews

I in Egypt also had a temple. Onias,

son of the high priest Onias, during the persecution of Antiochus Epiphanes, as so many other Jews, fled to Egypt.

Having gained the favor of the sovereigns, Ptolemy Philometer and Cleopatra, he asked them for permission to build a temple in Egypt. He urged that

it would be an advantage to their country to have Jews come there to settle, as they would do, if they had a sanctuary there, and to come there to yearly festivals, if not to settle permanently.

Finally, he was given permission to erect a temple for his people on the site of Isis in the district over which he was governor. He further justified his plan

by reference to Isaiah 19:19, 20: "In

This temple kept its glory only thirtyfirst temple. After his death, the work that day shall there be an altar to the

three or thirtyfour years. Then the of improvement continued. At the beLord in the midst of the land of Egypt,

Egyptian Shiskah invaded Jerusalem ginning of the ministry of Jesus, fortyand a pillar at the border thereof to the and carried away the sacred treasure, six years after the restoration had comLord. And it shall be for a sign and for

as well as the shields of gold of Solomenced, the work was still going on a witness unto the Lord of hosts in the mon. (I Kings 14:2528.) After under- (John 2:20). When Titus in the year land of Egypt."

going many profanations, the building A.D. 70 took Jerusalem, he wished to The temple was completed on the

was plundered and burnt by the Chalpreserve the temple, but it was neversame model as that in Jerusalem, but daeans under Nebuchadnezzar, in the theless destroyed by fire, as the first on a smaller scale, and Onias was inyear 584 B.C. (II Kings 25:1315.) temple was destroyed by the Chaldeans. {Continued on page 600)

OCTOBER, 1945 573

Heber, Lucy, Emily * WIFEBY surroundexamininga theman'sconditionschildhoodwhichand A MORMON youth, it is often possible to discover the motivating forces which inlife.fluenced his entire So it is with my Jke eJLire *2tom of Arvtaudta latefather, the President Heber J.

Grant. When you review his early

history and learn that he was left fatherless at the of age nine that days and the miles from southern Colorado, in it many the generosity clearly does show So hisduring his boyhood, mothwidowed there, difficult things It to railroad. send was father, the fairness of as as well and my toileder unceasingly to herself prevent I expensive. one very suppose, But and, I that of Emily, character sweet Aunt her sonand from charity, accepting you shortly before a Christmas, wagon day, eldest of permission her askedrealize life the financial side ashave of why did event, in front house. our of stopped An quote to Boyle, Dessie daughter, Grant said only importance to she twosumed him. say? saw Mother you

sealthe third description of her how all there, lived the time strange wagons we father early that discovered men My its destination skin reached coat this out got of them. one man and was A set their hearts often wealthwho upon boxes, unloading the of and began wagonlose sight raids the life. time true of the during born values of when I was His barrels, sacks, were packages. There and

against persecutions being and waged were effortsmajor therefore in were always for delicacies oranges and bananas—greatthe exercise his alof duties, Church that candy, apples and were place,—there

though many were of a financial nature. nuts and raisins. There were lovely dolls

He stood as President of the Church and toys and new dresses and a sealskin during a major world depression. His coat for mother. The most thrilling things

business acumen was a real value to his imaginable! This arrival of gifts from Fapeople. ther not only changed our Christmas but

that of all the people in the little town, for

His flying visits to New York on busthey were all invited to share with us.*

iness were the brightest spots in my mother's life during the winter she spent But to return to my mother, she did there not expect to see my father for a long (189091 she put it, he As was his eyes"J.in"up to business, she so and

never knew when she might receive an exciting telegram saying that he was coming East.

Almost before she could get used to the idea that she was to see her husband, he was there. Then with his boundless

energy he would rush about consummating this business deal or that, but still finding to time not only shower my LUCY STRINGHAM GRANTmother, the but other as well, Utahns favors.with flying "Heber keeps me

of plural because Authorities the Generalwhile is here,"he say, she would "but it necessary this reason I marriage. For wasenjoy it thoroughly."

far live to from home for mother away

The first of the surprise visits came in I was six years old and for our identityuntilto

November, This time he brought his be kept a secret. As I learn of those first

first wife, Lucy, with him. Thus she years of mother's married life and realize

and my mother had the opportunity of how timid she was and how she loved home becoming really acquainted with each and family, I marvel at what she endured.

other. At home in Utah, my mother There were three things that made it possible cheerful to for reasonably her and be EMILY see WELLS fathercould GRANT at rare interonly my

faith that great her were, happy. Theyvals, she and to had had no opportunity best the for out and everything would work Lucy.know surprise her to receive a of time. Imagine right; sense her doing keen that she was

Augusta found Lucy even more kind humor that made her an optimist and able letter about the middle of December, and thoughtful than she had been led to to laugh at the inevitable; and, greatest of saying that business was bringing him

expect and was happy beyond expresall, her love for and confidence in Father. East again. This made it possible for

that did could everything he he She knewsion to learned she that them Christmas spend Lucy, when upon together—the life possible. as easy as She her to makeher return Salt to City, even enjoyed first one so they had Lake had said felt that right did and he always what was six to for herof Heber's married they "I though love been mother, had

that, lived, as everything as long would he

Augusta."be well with her and with her children. years.

"Thursday, December the visit and Though every was brief lived fact that and away The we seldom Christmas day in felt that crowded, New York.25,We 1890.whomoment Augusta leaves with father childhood she saw no me

had really learned to know Lucy, and remembrance of him. He never played or live in this house had a conjoint dinner,

how grateful she was in later years to romped with us or told us stories, or car- a very nice dinner, a very nice comremember that they had been intimately ried us on his back to bed. Mother did these pany, and a very nice time.

associated if only for this brief time, things. But he was nevertheless an influence "Thursday, January 1, 1891. Anearliest in lives childhood, our our from I for other come. always has Yearfor they never New again. together were

us. before into kept ever mother Burned him of feel at the a little sad commencement sightseeing Theaters and enlivened truths childish the consciousness were my it in store year, has wondering a what time,the exciting to but kindest, most father the that generous, Augusta most was

left again. for alone me. Heber I am girl little father considerate and most the tours. any shopping lovelywere Such

things Lucy bought, and she insisted ever had and that he would do anything or completed his business successfully but that Augusta have the same. When, to make any sacrifice for the good of his family. had been rushing around so much and

nearly that so he losing us sleep loved so because This he much, and was was much affair, theclimax bought whole Heber to anything never him must I do letter make sick. we today a wrote home Clafflin's,three sealskin at elegant coats

us. sorry or of ashamed I sent a twelve longpages—and—about speechless. "BessieAugusta was I first of believe consciousness him my at folks full the presents to of valise I says, she atlaughed "because me,"his that great generosity of he and was home."I sleepcouldn't well night received the first liked to people happy. make The

the sealskin."Christmas I can remember, We were living *The Relief Society Magazine, November 1936

574 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA vxfmbeM LjpTGLVlt By MARY GRANT JUDD, Zbaufkler of Pmhlmt JU#:J. and j&ifuit* Wint*n ffrant

The Manifesto Time has proved that the step taken expected to desert the families acquired

Cad after a happy homecoming to bycoursethe Churchto pursue,wasandthe evenonly thenpossiblemy thatwith thethe Manifestosanction ofmusttheirbeChurchconsideredand

Utah, my mother had to face and mother did not feel to question the as not applying to them, but only to bear another of those severe trials action of the Authorities of the Church, those who would enter into plural marwhich seemed to be her lot. If she only one of whom was her own husband. But riage after the Church had officially

could have glimpsed the future, she it was not an easy situation for her to adopted the ruling against it.

this cloud, seen that black have would it if face. effect time the as a looked For in that have mother Could known my like to others the which had seemed of the farreach- so Manifesto might be attithe future understanding a more

roll her, that envelop would and away ing as plural to annul those marriages civil the result tude between would the shine her once sun upon would already contracted. been which had authorities she the would Church, and again. it this at time found mother hard My of spared been have moments many

Just as her pleasant sojourn in New to cling to her philosophy not to want anguish. As it was, all she could do

York commenced, at the general conanything she couldn't have, but she was try to be patient. "I must do everyference of the Church in Salt Lake City, tried. "If the Lord will only spare my thing I can to protect my husband,"she

on October 6, 1890, President Woodsweet child to me, with health and wrote. "It is very humiliating to come

ruff Saints, for to the I will strength submitted us both, Latterday try not to father's without a house back to my for their vote, sustaining docuan official complain lot, but be thankful of my myself baby. for There to home or my

ment known as 'The Manifesto."In him for what I have and try to do what seems to be no place where I am needed.

this document which, so far as the I am just a care that must be disposed

Church was concerned, seemed to be of some way. But how? The one thing

an aboutface, he declared that "inasthat I have dreamed of and longed for much as laws have been enacted by is my precious baby, and I thank God

Congress forbidding plural marriage, with all my heart for her, and pray which laws have been pronounced conearnestly that I may be worthy of her stitutional by the court of last resort, I and all other blessings the Lord may hereby declare my intention to submit have in store for me. If I am rebellious,

to those laws, and to use my influence oh Lord, forgive me, help me to be with the members of the Church over humble, to submit to thy will in all things, for I know not which way to turn, and thou alone knowest what is in store for all of us in the future."

She tells of later going to Salt Lake

City and meeting my father at a festival, where all they could do was "simply speak and pass by just as though we were mere acquaintances. I thought I

had this all planned out,"she wrote in her journal after her return to Pleasant is underbreaking heart "but Grove, my MARY GRANT AT THE AGE OF THREE all. heart to I try harden neath it my

and not care for the humiliation and good I can, and make myself contented slights (seeming, all seeming, but just as as far as possible. I want to devote hard to endure as though they were

myself to my sweet Mary and take good meant ). I try to make everyone feel

care of her. I want to relieve my mother that I am quite indifferent about condiof all the household care I can—she has tions and their unjustness. I don't know had such a hard time—and I want to why it is, but my deepest feelings I

see that Helen completes her educawant to keep hidden away in my own

AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT tion."heart. They seem too sacred to share

Crises had arisen before in the with others."

also Church, to excontinued and this one was to work Though my father satisfactorily. eventually, For, the hibit which I preside, to have them do likeout tenderness and fairness the same

wise."News of the Manifesto must have understandcivil authoritiesthat honorableof the countrymen couldcame beto towards his wives{Continuedand childrenon pagethat613)he brought a distinct shock to those who had already married in polygamy. But

if my mother was worried as to what the outcome for her would be, there is no hint of it to be found in her journal until she returned home. It is not unlikely that while in New York she reaffirmed her earlier resolution to let the

future and what it might have in store for her, take care of itself. The effect

the Manifesto had upon her life so long as she remained away from home was negligible, but when she returned to

Utah, it was quite another story.

OCTOBER, 1945 575 earthlife of was to all righteousness. of Part II Conclusion By LELAND H. MONSON supremeconquer thepurposeenemy

than record- a more was Oi of the strict this (general (uoard to required adherence do 4 ToMormon keeper. a worked among He high of the Violation code. moral law a

mJjtietet Junaau Lit,nion School people departed from had who sin chastity of to the a heinous eyes was the ways of Christ, and he spent his life of Mormon. He considered chastity as

calling them to repentance. The power most precious above all things.

of the evil one was everywhere present He taught the three cardinal prinin the land. Sorceries, witchcraft, and ciples of Christianity to his people:

themagic engaged attention of the peofaith, faith, charity. hope, he and By from man has strayed."'God "Theple, rather faith than Christ as in Jesus that of could they "lay them hold Spirit of the Lord,"he wrote, "did not told '8 true living the ofthe Son and God. thing. considevery he Hope, good in abide us; therefore had become we

So horrible was this condition to the weak like unto our brethren."'Their ered a prerequisite to faith. He emeyes that said: charity, he of Mormon which "O my great weakness, he felt, that they phasized was

beloved like this, can a Christ."people love of "the pure son, how he8 defined"If a manas lacked the sustaining faith. of power

..that are civilization without heart,"expect of lowly wrote, be and meek he Loss spirit the of of through Godthat will his stay in the confesses hand.judgment of the "and God power by wickedness deprived these Nephites, as us?"against further is Lamenting that he Christ, conthe he Ghost Jesus Holy told them, of Mormon choice manytinued: this unto people. if for charity; have needs must have he Come "Wo "... blessings. the did Lord take away **.".. inout judgment, is their hide God, charity nothing, not and he He O his disciples,"beloved wrote, he "andsins, wickedness, and and abominations the to unto cleave admonished people the of miracles work 1 healing and did letter face!"it before In thyfrom to a gift charity the greatest because was cease because of the iniquity the of peo- "... thirstMoroni, he after they wrote: of to man. God ple. there gifts 2 And were no the from continually."blood revenge and Man's in believed taught the docand He Lord, the and Holy did Ghost not comeinhumanity to had reached a low man trine resurrection. personal of a He any, upon because their of wickednessstage 7 the Nephites and among Lamancastigated doctrine infant the of baptism unbelief."and

ites the of century. fourth is "it that declaring solemn mockery further this went Mormon than with a superb background, little With "all before that are children Mormon God"; his philosophy. taught that the de11 He civilizing his task of theseapproached Christ."in the alive admonished He struction which the came to Nephitespeople. in faith abiding had an Jesus He of Lamanites, the the Gentiles Jews, and just retribution for their a was wickedforChrist, the resurrected beheld he had to to repent our acknowledge day and ness. 8 in believer divine a was Mormon firstthe of world.Redeemer the Christ knew the of as He Jesus Redeemer justice.

Christ's mercy. of goodnesshand and world. the philosophy and Above beyond minbeenMoreover, had Mormon In great teacher every he deed a was is just that affairs directing a the Godistered the Nephites. to three by Comof classify righteousness. him must One this of that world, the taught Mormon thesemunication Nephites and with as preacher. doctrinal a moral and He

in 'Christ Roberts, BBrigham Improvement H. Era. Christ gave himwith a personal Jesus stimulating and to his people gave a the of 191 Book Mormon,"XXVII. strength power.* of greattestimony and 2:26 *Mormon life. of of Because philosophy powerful

7Ibid.. 1:13:14 strong, educative background His was dilihis sincerity, his his knowledge,

since he was wellread in the traditions gence, and his application to the cause

BOXES ONE OF THE FOUND TWO STONE he the and Nephitesof and Lamanites, long Christ, be remembered he will AT of PERSEPOLIS SILVER CONTAINING GOLD AND the traveled extensively amonghad I. TABLETS MEMORIAL OF DARIUS defenders great Nephite of the as one

people.A comprehensive knowledge of the of the faith.

divinity, its firm of testimonygospel, a great a warrior, was Mormon Asa educative strong background '*"* aand virile active, leader. an was He the hardened penetrate tohelped him sixteen he only was he was man. When people. But these degraded ofhearts their to be the Nephites appointed by

fall. sortheir Their stay not couldhe 12 In A.D., 327 commanderin-chief. when

sincere. sin for not Therowing was the his appointment, received Mormon brass as sounding to them,gospel, was the of Lamanite afraid Nephites were

cymbal. a tinklingand

this, Despite Mormon continued to shiparmiesto theand northretreatedcountries.under Therehis leaderthey

give them his constructive philosophy fortified the city of Angola, which they of gospel in the deeplyof life, rooted the to relinquish to were soon forced his of mesChrist. burdenJesus The also drove Lamanites Lamanites. The taught repentance. concernedsage He (Continued on 612) page

his people that "blessings vanish when 8Moroni 7:21

Moroni 9:1115 mid.. 7:47

aIbid 9:5 lbid., 7:44

Mormon 1:15 n-Ibid., 8:9. 22

*Ibid.. 8:11 Mormon 2:1, 2

576 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA that off the nest, lineage she will return can be traced a under home years, water. at goes off for thousandWithback a holiday least two The drake

and maybe much farther than with the other drakes, and takes no that, surely the mallard deserves due more interest in his relations until it is respect. This was the duck known at time to move south once again. Then

the time of the Roman writer Varro, he comes back, and they migrate as a who lived from 110 to 27 B.C.; it may family.

very well be the one whose portrait apIn about four weeks after thepears on so many of the monuments MALLARD eggs are laid, little fuzzy, yellowishof the Egyptians from 3000 to 1000 brown ducklings break through the

B.C.; and it is even quite possibly the shells. Although they soon begin to

is it eight discovered the water, nearly bones float on were whoseduck of to before able are the remains cave dwellers they of &V weeksamong fly. When

the Age. Stone

life Bird of the eastern and western lA/lnirred O. \AJll5on stillscramblevery upyoung,on thetheybankcanagaindiveto hideand

hemispheres is, for the most part, abin the long grass from foes.

solutely distinctive; but the mallard is These ducklings have one eccentricequally familiar in the old and new ity: their wings develop more slowly

worlds. It has the widest range, is the than those of other species. When the

most abundant, perhaps the handsomest, patch to vary the monotony of her rest of the body is practically covered and, from an economic point of view, brown dress; and after the breeding with feathers, the wings are yet downy

the most important of the ducks. What season the male discards his splendid and the bones undersized. Indeed even

a pity that with all these merits the costume for her somber plumage. the wings of the adult are small in comname is unsatisfactory! "Mallard"real- A mallard is not as fussy about choosparison to the body, quite a bit of which

ly means the male of the species. ing a site for a home as some ducks. On is submerged in swimming. For this

At one time the sloughs and ponds mossy or grassgrown ground, it is usureason, when about to rise, unlike other of the west swarmed with mallards ally near the edge of a small lake or ducks, the mallard appears to leap alevery summer, but man has been a dispond, but may be some little distance most perpendicularly into the air. Slowturbing element. Uncontrolled shootfrom the water. Preparations for housemotion pictures prove that this is done

ing, the drought of the midthirties, the keeping generally begin in May. by the wings pushing on the water. A

draining of swampy land, and fires reNest making is the exclusive work habit of this bird is to stand erect duced their numbers alarmingly. Howof the female. She seemingly shapes it on the water and fan the wings rapidly.

ever, once again, thanks to new laws by burrowing down into the soft weeds The tail is small, and not very efficient and an enlightened public, ducks have and grass, then adding a few reeds and as a rudder.

increased five hundred percent in the leaves. It is almost as large as a dinner

past ten years. Ducks Unlimited, Inc., plate, lined with downy feathers "KjTallards feed mostly on water plants

was started by sportsmen in the United plucked from her own breast, and so with edible roots and seeds, often acStates in 1934, while the Canadian asplaced that the inquisitive have great tually clearing watercourses that would sociation was formed two years later. difficulty in finding it. Once settled, the otherwise be choked by vegetable subHardy, and able to stand a considermallard is very particular as to any new stances. A comical sight is a family

able amount of cold weather, the malneighbors. No more families of the same breakfasting in shallow water, only

lard is among the very last to leave for species are permitted to build near its tails standing up above the surface. To

warmer regions in the autumn. Given territory, although any other waterfowl keep this posture they paddle frantically

open water where food is available, it is welcome enough. with their feet.

sometimes winters in the north. During The duck lays from six to a dozen Western farmers are not overen-

October, when ponds, swamps and greenishbuff eggs about the size of thusiastic in their praise of these birds, streams in Canada are freezing over, hen's, only somewhat elongated; usualcontending that they can destroy whole

mallards darken the sky on their route ly placing them with the big end up, fields of wheat and barley in a few days.

to the southern states and Mexico, partly concealed by the fluff and weeds. More and more they are taking to tnis

their winter home. Then, at the first If the mother bird, which is left alone custom, especially in late autumn.

sign of awakening nature, sometimes as to do all the incubating, is frightened Naturally these grainfed ducks are early as February, spring migration betruly delectable; and the mallard has for

gins, and once more thousands pass centuries been a favorite table bird.

overhead on the way back to their nestWild mallards are ancestors of the ing grounds. common domestic duck whose plumage often shows signs of the original

/bservers in the south tell us that form in a green head, a white collar, or - mallards often mate in January, recurved uppertailcoverts.

when it is amusing to note that in flight Although the down of the eider duck the female leads, while the drake folis most to be desired, there were not suflows closely. ficient quantities of it to supply our

At this season the male has already wartime needs. Consequently all ducks,

donned his gay courting suit, the specthe mallard included, were much tacular part of which is a shining green sought after for their down and feathhead and upper neck divided from the ers which are used for manufacturing rest of the bird by a snowwhite ring. many articles for troops, such as flying

The mostly white tail with long, resuits, subzero parkas, and sleeping curved center feathers is conspicuous bags. So the commercial value of our

in spite of being short. His olive bill and most numerous duck is continuing to

orangered feet make him quite a showy rise.

fellow even without the speculum. This When nature provides us with someis a rectangular patch on the wing thing as good as the mallard, it is de-

(the distinguishing mark of all malcidedly to our advantage to make the lards ), violet blue bordered above and most of our blessing. Taking this quite

below by bands first of black and then of literally, as well as figuratively, there white that show up very plainly in are two ways in which we may go about flight. The breast is almost chestnut, it: Refrain from unnecessary slaughter,

the underparts silvergray with darker and aid in maintaining suitable refuges wavy lines. His wife has only the wing- A MALLARD'S NEST for our most important waterfowl.

OCTOBER. 1945 577

GDoipd; pata

IJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake r * Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY

By RICHARD L EVANS Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern War Time, 1 1:00 a.m. Central War

Time, 10:00 a.m. Mountain WarTime, and 9:00 a.m. PacificWar Time.

"c-7 r? f\eHection at l/[/ard (L-nd jrace -Savlna

Tn the observance of war's end, feelings long pentup have \ Tery much in our minds these days is the question of "facebroken loose, with some relief, with some satisfaction, and saving."The commission of an act that is in any degree

with many varieties of expression, both thoughtful and hilarwrong or unworthy, almost always seems to set in motion ious. And now, we have been called to prayer and to a process of selfjustification. Often, even before we are

thanksgiving—with sober reflection upon all the causes that called upon to explain our errors to others, we have already took us where we were, that brought us where we are, and explained them to ourselves—and the excuses humankind

that may keep us going where we ought to go. After a can think of are a tribute to man's inventive genius, even

war has started, it seems to be much too late, for a time at if not always to his regard for truth. There is no small

least, to think how it might have been prevented. The imdeception, no theft, there is no kind of lying or cheating or

mediate fact of force must be met by force. But now we misdoing but for which, if a man goes back far enough, and

may well profit by looking both backward and forward—then misuses the facts adroitly enough, he can find the means

and we may well remember that essentially we are still the of selfjustification. If he takes something from his employer

same people we were yesterday—even if somewhat sobered; that doesn't belong to him, he may offer, first to himself and

and, being the same people, if we are forgetful, we may to others, the explanation that he has given more service lapse into the same ways that twice in one generation have than he was paid for anyway, and that what he has taken led us where we didn't want to go. We have been prayerful was therefore rightfully his. If he takes something from

in war. We have sought the Lord God for his help, for a neighbor that doesn't belong to him, he may offer the

the protection of our loved ones, for their safe return, for explanation that he needs it worse than his neighbor, and, the favor of our cause, for deliverance from death and in the ultimate justice of things, he should have had it anydanger. War often drives men to extremes—in prayer and way—which is a kind of thinking that marks the beginning

in other things—and some of our prayers came by fear and of the road to ruin. Or he may immediately begin to tell

dire need—and of such the Lord God has given us pointed himself how much worse are the things which other men

reminder: "In the day of their peace they esteemed lightly do, and since the things he does are not as bad as what

my counsel; but, in the day of their trouble, of necessity others do, by some miscarriage of logic, by some distortion

they feel after me."* It is not so difficult to be humble in of fact, he finds himself justified in committing a lesser act

trouble, but it is exceedingly difficult to be humble in triumph. because someone else has committed a greater one. In childAnd this we have need to be. Mercifully, the Lord has hood, we confront Freddie with some misdeed, and he

answered the prayers of our extremity; he has helped us immediately begins to tell us how much worse was the

to achieve the moral and the material strength to do what thing his playmate did, which in some unexplainable way has been done. As a people we have been granted a deliveris supposed to exonerate Freddie. Reformation for the

ance as real as any recorded anciently in Holy Writ. Now, wrongdoer is virtually impossible to bring about until he

the opportunity is ours to fulfil in peace some of the promconcedes to himself his own error. Nations defeated at

ises we have made to ourselves and to our God while war war, without having a sense of guilt, no matter how badly was breathing upon us the hot breath of necessity. War beaten, have historically proved to be but waiting for andestroys many things, but it does not destroy its own basic other chance to change the score. And if the leaders of a

causes; it but multiplies the problems of peace, which were people have been permitted to teach them that they are

great beyond measure even before war added to them. And right even when they are wrong, until you can teach them

only by the help of God and in conformance with his ways better you cannot change the potential situation, except by can we hope to solve the problems and avoid the pitfalls force; and force, with men and with nations, is a costly,

of the future. And so with full hearts we respond this day troublesome, neverending job. Errors are one thing, but

to the proclamation of the President of the United States justifying them is quite another. If you can bring a man to

to remember before God those who have given their lives, admit the error of his ways, there is some chance of saving and to dedicate ourselves "to follow in his ways,"praying him, but if he will never drop his "facesaving,"will never that God "will support and guide us into the paths of humble himself, will always offer excuses, will always inpeace."It is so easy to forget—but so costly—and so stupid. dulge in selfjustification, he but digs himself deeper and

Our Father which art in heaven, Hallowed be thy name: deeper into his false position. "Facesaving"has nothing

May we in peace have the prayerful humility that will be to do with honor. "Facesaving"concerns but the appeardeserving of the deliverance thou hast again given us. ance of things, while honor has to do with the very moral

concerned is solely ofttimes structure. a when man And—August 19, 1945.

his loses face,"honor and jeopardizes, with he both "saving *D. 6 C. 101:8 his soul's salvation.—August 26, 1945.

578 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

t

%& tetoj Itaplte.iii**jBBmP** mm

for use on many occasions. But aside from its wellworn

wit, behind it is an oftexperienced truth. Frequently when

Tt has long been quoted and acknowledged that a little a conscientious and loving parent finds it necessary to punish learning is a dangerous thing, and human experience a child, there is much of remorse and of anguish on the would more than justify the paraphrase that a little authority part of him who metes out the punishment. It is not easy to

may also be an exceedingly dangerous thing. Always we discipline those we love. Indeed, for most of us it is not easy

are faced with the paradoxical truth that where there is no to discipline anyone. On the other hand, there are some who

authority, things don't get done; but, with men, any authorare able, too readily, to convince themselves that it is their

ity may tend to become too much authority. Humankind duty to be harsh, and who enjoy too much their duty.

acting individually and without organized purpose can Something goes wrong, and without knowing causes and scarcely hope to survive, to say nothing of prospering. And without fixing responsibility, there follows the hasty imin order to have the fruits of organized effort, we must pulse to assume that punishment is due someone and to

have leadership; and in order to have leadership we must administer it quickly and thoroughly and to give it investigadelegate some authority, because leadership without authortion later. And thus an allegedly just punishment may prove

ity is ineffective. But unfortunately, the record of man's in fact to have been but an outburst of the impatience, irdealings with man would seem to indicate that too often ritability, and bad temper of him who does the punishing.

those who have been given a little authority begin to think Surely, hasty bad temper in adults has no more virtue than what they could do with a little more authority. And, having it has in children. At the other extreme, there are those

been given a little more authority, they begin to brood upon who are not quick enough to discipline, who are too indulwhat they could do with much authority. And having been gent or too indifferent; those who, in a very real sense,

given much authority, they become consumed with thinking "spare the rod and spoil the child."The problem of discipline

what mighty works they might perform with absolute au is a weighty and constant and difficult problem, involving dethority, which, if pursued to its ultimate conclusion by a decisions that tax our wisdom—decisions as to when to use

termined and adroit person, is the beginning of tragedy for all reason, when persuasion; when to use force and physical

whose lives are touched thereby. To quote a profound truth measures; when to plead, when to threaten, when to act;

"We have learned by sad experience that it is the nature and when to be lenient and when to be severe. But when it is

disposition of almost all men, as soon as they get a little unfortunately and unavoidably necessary to administer corauthority... they will immediately begin to exercise unrightrective discipline to others, including our own children,

eous dominion... but when we undertake to... gratify our may we do it in justice, with a knowledge of the facts, and

pride, our vain ambition, or to exercise control or dominion not in arbitrary inconsistency or unreasoning anger, so that or compulsion upon the souls of the children of men, in any hearts may not be embittered and lives may not be blighted.

degree of unrighteousness, behold, the heavens withdraw The Lord God has set us the pattern, with judgments which themselves; the Spirit of the Lord is grieved; and when; it are just and sure to the offender, and with love and mercy

of repentance. forgive are quick to on condition that man."Of that of We the... authority to is withdrawn, Amen

discipline to by long- "... by persuasion, there must are admonished course authority, and of be there must course

be respect for it, which is the only thing that saves the world suffering, by gentleness and meekness, and by love un-... and then from anarchy; but authority which attempts to perpetuate feigned;... Reproving betimes with sharpness

itself for its own sake, or which seeks to impose an unjust showing forth afterwards an increase of love toward him end, or which moves toward the regimentation and enslavewhom thou has reproved, lest he esteem thee to be his consistent, ment of those over whom it is exercised—all such authority enemy."* Let our discipline be just and sure and

is but building up to its own downfall, and its inglorious neither justifying a misdeed nor meting out severe measure termination is not a question of "if"but only a question of for small offense. And may our love be not blind or falsely

"when."Authority cannot endure on unrighteous prinindulgent, and may our mercy and forgiveness be not too

ciples. Let all men who exercise authority over others by tardy.—August 5, 1945.

any right or necessity—let them be thus advised; and who- *D. & C. 121:41. 43

the use let them they may be, wherever are and ever they Copyright, 1945.

in mercy, in justice, have, jurisdiction they the and powers in righteousness, and in moderation. And may we never be

so unwise as to delegate authority to anyone without keeping always within our own hands the means of recalling or revoking it, whenever it is exceeded or abused.

*D. 6 C. 121:39, 37—Augusty 12, 1945.

*JJl5cipliIdClDi me "PVeliveringchild, witha wellearnedthe assurance,spanking"Thisto a hurts me worse than it does you,"is a bit of hackneyed humor that has become a stock phrase OCTOBER, 1945 SHE THOUGHT

IT WAS

it for significance, no it This be. had to No! used Now know so happy 'm "I world—not

glib too by tongue from made a came The anyway! the of Lyn, some said I'm doing,"I Marydon'twhat likebest—well, cherish couldn't critical cocktails. is too You to many not be along get in an her of length the room way toswooping

forecstatic dance. "Imagine going to the—I mean. It's just a gracious customthis, Mary Lyn thought. He wouldroof after simply dreaming of it for so cocktails, I mean—get it himself in five minutes, or be saywith.long. Mother,"she said, stopping short "You mean—what, Mary Lyn Daling it to the next girl he danced

with a terrible thought. "What if they ton?"His arm tightened, and he wasn't too

don't wear formals? What if my hair "For them. I wouldn't take it myself, steady on his feet. Why did I come,

isn't right? Mother, my whole life may you know, Mother."thought Mary Lyn, and glanced wildly

depend on this one date.""I should hope not!"said Mrs. Dalton about.

"I'm sure it does,"said Mrs. Dalton tartly, then softened, looking at Mary "May I cut in?"a crisp voice said.

without conviction. "If you'll stop long Lyn. "Mary Lyn, you are not a child. "Bob, old boy. Won't you introduce

enough to let me snap this fastener, I'm Your father and I taught you the best me?"

sure you'll be right."we know. Now you must think things Mary Lyn's heart almost stopped.

"Mother, I can think of only one out for yourself."There he was, Regis King, tall, with that

more thing to make it perfect. Some- "I won't be in any danger, I promise. look of resolution about the mouth and

where, sometime during this school I know much more than you think I do. chin. That quirk of the eyebrow.

year, if I could meet Regis King."I always judge whether to do a thing "Sure thing,"said Bob, amiably.

Regis King. Mary Lyn "Mary Lyn. "Regis King? Who

thing."Dalton. A lovely he is "Mother, the super—theis he?"ultra bysee whetherme do it.I'd Ifbe Iashamedwould, toI justhavedon'tyou

don't you remember about his coming do it."They left him there mumbling, and

down to Alton High on a speech tour If Mother could only see them, Doris danced away. Mary Lyn glanced up at

looking King, grand, he and and down Regis was speech was Hisfrom U? K beautifully dressed—lovely interest. flattering every said at her with right at and looked mehe the see could her mother manners—ifand Sue, the school editor of he's little girl thirdword! the back subon row Now "The with Harmon which deference Bob

magazine, and a senior, but of course he stituted a soft drink for her when she in the Alton High assembly,"he said.

wouldn't remember me. Doris says Bob said she didn't take the other! There So he did remember!

knows him."was only a quick and wary look from "I'll never forget that speech,"she

"Are you sure about Doris and Bob them to see if she were going to be a said.

these young people you're going with, wet blanket, as quickly reassured. "Nor I,"said Regis King, and smiled

Mary Lyn?"Certainly it couldn't be objectionable, charmingly.

"I couldn't be wrong. Wasn't I done like this, and it was as Sue said "You must have seen my S.O.S.

lucky to get in with them the first thing? a gracious gesture. Thank you."

I guess awful things can happen to a girl "One is not always responsible for a moving into a strange town. And isn't dancing partner. You should never

it important to know the best people?".First they danced on the have been introduced to him."

"Yes. It is,"agreed her mother, and roof, and they wore formals, so that "I came with him,"said Mary Lyn,

continued slowly. "I'm sure, Mary Lyn, was all right. Mary Lyn's hair was right, flushing.

that fundamentally your idea of best too, a blonde featheredge bob in a curly "You came with him?"asked Regis

people coincides with mine, but I tried halo above her turquoise taffeta, just as King, looking at her in amazement.

to talk to the girls on the porch yesterSue's auburn topped her smoky lace "I found Mr. Harmon charming, as

day, without much success. They didn't and Doris'floated, a black cloud above much as I know of him. He had too

seem open and free as I should like."the scarlet moire. Stunning looking many cocktails,"she steeled herself to Poor Mother, so Victorian, in spite girls, and no one, Mary Lyn decided, say. "You know—

of her pin curls and book reviews! Mary could have told that she was in the least "No. I wouldn't know. I don't drink."

Lyn could just picture her trying to different. This was awful. Mary Lyn felt sick

draw them out—about poetry, or the Mary Lyn was dancing with Bob with misery, helpless and angry. He

foreign situation. Mary Lyn must learn, Harmon. "You are a lovely thing,"he needn't be so smug, to jump at concluherself, to concentrate more on topics whispered. He was almost as handsions. What could she have done?

like the latest hairdo, and the newest some as Charles Boyer, and was making One couldn't desert one's friends.

shades of nail polish. She must forget as pretty speeches. "I'm sorry to have troubled you, Mr.

that she was the honor graduate from "I say, you are a lovely thing,"he King. I think I can take care of myself

the Alton High, going to major in repeated, this time insistently. "A lovenow, thank you,"she said coldly.

dietetics. She must streamline her mind ly, lovely thing. It makes me want to He smiled down at her, but his gray

as Sue was doing, for Mary Lyn must cry. A lovely thing."eyes were remote. "I'm sure you can."

be right! "I was almost sure I heard them discussing cocktails as I came out,"hermother was saying. By ALICE MORREY BAILEY

Mary Lyn flushed. "Mother,"she

said, "I know, but this is a modern 580 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i he was still going hot and cold in turns, still annoyed at herself for caring what he thought. It was all

right, anyway, when they got into the car. Bob was dignified again, and the

girls were still sweet, if anything a little bettermannered, a little more formal.

Mary Lyn kept herself from protesting at their having another drink, and tried not to notice that their eyes were glassy and their smiles a trifle frozen.

She would be home again in a few minutes, and it hadn't really been unpleasant. Why, it wasn't even midnight

yet. Her mother would be pleasantly

surprised. She had been surprised herself that Doris suggested going before

the dance broke up. She could admit

now to herself that she was relieved.

What had Regis King meant—she

should be ready for anything?

Somehow she found herself in the front seat with Phil Bent at the wheel of

Walter Garret's car, Walter and Sue,

Bob and Doris in the back. That also

was a relief. She had gotten by very

well, she told herself, had laughed and been gay, even when the jokes they thought so funny lacked point. She

hadn't been a drag on the party, yet she hadn't sidestepped any of the issues herself. One had to be tolerant of

others, intolerant of oneself. That was

the formula. Illustrated

But it was soon apparent that they Charles were not on the way home. Already

they were in the outskirts of town.

(Concluded on page 608)

OCTOBER, 1945 581,

e Ckwch Moves On Mission Reports Lake Temple by the First Presidency.

"Older Thomas E. McKay, assistant Special Wednesday Session in the He has been a temple worker since

* to the Council of the Twelve, and Salt Lake Temple 1925, and in 1935 was called as presithe dent of Arizona Temple, where heacting president the of European the Salt Temple Lake MisTn five for years. the regserved letters the sion, has received following session ular each Wednesday—one from J. R. Barnes, former secremorning at nine o'clock is reSunday School General Board

thetary of Mission, German West all for those benefit the stricted of of Ogden, Little Addie Swapp JlflRS. last the to elders leaveamong Germany their seeking are endowwho own of a has been Utah, named member at rethe the of outbreak war, who their parents imand ment, and genSchool Deseret the Union Sunday toturned as Frankfurt major a Main am It is friends. relatives mediate and in active eral Primary, board. Longin the army; American C. and from one all are that those requested who Society, Relief and Sunday Mutual,Fritz acting the of president Johansson, redead, in the behalf of laboring

in Cache, and Kanab, School work Mission.Swedish this sesat frain attendance from the of stakes Utah, and Ben Lomond all other sion, attend they but may.. I that missurprise the found To my California, at Berkeley, School Sunday other sessions and on Wednesday still is officesion standing and and.home dethe nursery to will assigned be she

is beordinance slightly work daysonly a when winbroken damaged, few training committeacher partment and in there. hit here had and performed. ingdows bomb A is with tees. coauthor, Marie Fox She little the of partsthe formed two "Hof"by in is the regulation This made for text the School Felt, of Sunday building,the the wall but only cracked had of the of the people interest young

in the Nursery. 1946, Morning Sunday left crater.slightly the large of and a Most that they particularly so Church

.. isrest piles rubble. of of Frankfurt attention special the receive appointed may been has Smith A. Henry all. districts reports.branches from and The them not accorded could be which the Deseret of general board the to killed, thatare have been members many

and most all of them bombed out of their so effectually in some crowded Sunday School Union. He replaces the

homes, which is particularly true of Munich, session. late George A. Holt as a member of the

Darmstadt, and Hamburg.... Joseph Fielding Smith, stake standards committee.

There have been no regular meetings in President Elder Smith, editor of the Church

Frankfurt for some time, though they do News Section of The Deseret News, is in the occasional mission meetinghold an superinSchool stake former Sunday will surely appreciate a Finland and Norway thrill to the particular I had gohome.... is Stake. of known Pioneer tendent... He these.into of the see the stock stock and room

articles his for the Church throughoutlesson other of books, and Mormon, Books Resigns Anderson May its teachthe Church, of the progress on still in they as shape good booksChurch were when we left them.... Only our long Ray Anderson, president of the Priings, and its leaders.

carriage typewriter remains as far as that mary Children's Hospital in Salt kind of equipment is concerned.... The Lake City, and one of its founders, has Day of Prayer

transcription machine and slide projector resigned. Hospital affairs will be under Cunday, August 19, was marked as a

. still there, repair. in of need thoughwere thanksfasting, direction Adele.. the prayer, Cannon of Mrs. of and day V is to to going be job tremendous a There Priof the president nageneral Howells, giving, and throughout the Church

in the comes.be peace done Church when of president atvice called tion. Association First and Presidency mary The likeIt will starting almost be a from new

is president of until hospital proclamation the national tention the to a new little willbeginning. or be There no way

to locate the members.... I feel that a numappointed. Mr. Truman, which read:

sincerity, in the will to turnber Church of the President S. I, Harry Truman, Appointed President Meeks

will as did theythough come many appoint hereby States of America, do Heber inflation, in the President just of worldof as a sourceyears of to 19, 1945, day be a Meeks of the SouthUnitedSunday, August ly assistance. unaniGenealogy has will be a big field been States ern Mission I of call the the prayer. United people upon

too....here, of elected a memberat-large their all mously offering in faiths unite to States of

+ * * of Scouts for the Council, to victory won, the National thanks have Boy God we... Our financial reports continue to show America. He was sponsored for the and in praying that he will support and

that the Saints are faithful in fulfilling the position by a group of Scout executives guide us into the paths of peace. I also call

holy tithing law, and even other offerings from the South headed by Frank D. upon my countrymen to dedicate this day

the love of God.show for the work We Wood of Atlanta, Georgia. ofgivenprayertheirto livesthe memoryto makeofpossiblethose whoour havevicbought in Stockholm and hunghave here

oil paintings of the (Salt Lake) Temple and U. of U. President tory.

It to see Seagullthe good Monument. was of native Olpin, Albert Ray Pioneer Monument Y)R conthe Saints willingness whichthe with has been Utah, Grove, Pleasant v- these granite both secure of oftributed to tons the means thousand Utah of University the of president namedpictures. will in the of be used construction fNE Cowles. E. Dr. succeeding Utah, LeRoy

.. missionaries the labors of have The is the "This Place"Pioneer monu- 1 the will begin of office January term His that the extent to success withbeen crowned. is granite ment. Little to The from come 1946. the meetings has conat attendancethe

furnished Canyon, which Cottonwood of Brigham graduate a Olpin, Dr. increased.siderably

the for granite the Temple. Salt Lake congiven has which University, has served us much as a memYoung A matter

stone will in the area quarried be The is this, to unable havecern been rethat we a Bell Telephone Company ber of send provisions to our Saints in Norway, search staff, and has done research for that furnished the granite for the Utah is State Capitol to relatives given only to license and the Church Office soas do his time of organizations. other At the

at citizens. Nevertheless,of buildings. Norwegian director he appointment was executive licenses socalled time ChristmasChristmas

at State foundation Ohio research the of Dr. E. E. Snell in issued here comon certain Swedenwere

themodities, which kind not perhaps we University. nation's as the top bacteri- /hosen

sent, merchandise rather havewould Recorder Salt Lake Temple thirtyfive ologist years of age, under licensesthat got 62 be would Webut yet R. Jones, Snell, /harles associate professor of acting recorder of Dr. E. E. this to time have up Norway). (42 to helpful.Wesent half of the packages and will send more the Salt Lake Temple since 1941, chemistry at the University of Texas,

before the end of the month. The Saints in has been named recorder of the Salt was recently awarded $1,000 and a

582 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

bronze medal by the Eli Lilly Corporasistant division chaplain. He spent most was by Patriarch Joseph F. Smith,

tion for his outstanding work in bacterof his time during the division's Luzon Rev. W. F. Bulkley, Episcopal

iology. He was thirtyone years old last campaign and the later fighting on archdeacon of Utah and chaplain genSeptember 22nd. Panay and Negros, with the front line eral, national society, Sons of the RevIn 1 935 Dr. Snell was graduated with troops. olution, pronounced the benediction.

highest honors from Brigham Young Chaplain Curtis'new assistant diviThe music was by the Tabernacle choir

University. Later that year he entered sion chaplain is Captain George R. directed by J. Spencer Cornwall. Alexthe graduate school of the University Woolley, also of Salt Lake City. Both ander Schreiner was at the organ.

of Wisconsin as a research assistant in he and Chaplain Curtis are returned agricultural chemistry and bacteriology. missionaries. Doolittle Flier

He received his master of arts degree "Cirst Lieutenant Chase J. Nielsen,

in 1936, and his doctor of philosophy V-J Mass Meeting one of the four Doolittle fliers resdegree in 1938 from that university. Cix thousand citizens of all faiths and cued from a Japanese prison camp at

He joined the University of Texas. creeds gathered in the Salt Lake the end of the war, came to his Hyrum,

faculty in 1939. Tabernacle September 4 to give thanks Utah, home on an air priority, Nielsen,

The awards, made annually to a that peace had again been restored to who was captured after the original young man or woman under thirtyfive, the earth. President George Albert Tokyo raid in April 1942, is a member

were made to Dr. Snell for his research Smith presided at the meeting. Speakers of the first quorum of elders in the

work with lactic acid bacteria in the were: Herbert B. Maw, governor of Hyrum Ward, Hyrum Stake. He is the

university's Clayton Biochemical InUtah; Rev. A. W. Lyons, president of son of Mr. and Mrs. Floyd Nielsen.

stitute. Although he has been teaching the Salt Lake Council of Religious The lieutenant's wife is the former

and doing research with vitamins for Groups; Rt. Rev. Arthur W. Moulton, Thora Ricks.

only six years, he has a remarkable Episcopal bishop of Utah; Rabbi Alvin

number of "firsts"accredited to his S. Luchs, Temple B'Nai Israel; Most Welfare Canning

phenomenal record. Rev. Duane G. Hunt, bishop of the Salt HThe large and small canneries at Salt

The young number one scientist of Lake Catholic Diocese; and President Lake City's welfare square started

the nation is the son of Heber C. Snell, J. Reuben Clark, Jr., The invocation ( Continued on page 605

assistant director of the Logan Institute of Religion.

Flash Flood MISSIONARIES WHO A fter a flash flood on August 19 which ENTERED THE MIS- * did a half million dollars'damage SIONARY HOME FEBin the northeastern section of Salt Lake RUARY 5th AND DECity, volunteer crews rallied under the PARTED FEBRUARY1945 15, leadership A. Christensen, of George

president of the Emigration Stake, to help clear of debris, residences without left right, first to From Joseph Elizabeth H. Astle, row: P. Astle, Don B. Cotton, director; George B.

affiliation. It to religious regard is estiWilson, C. Susan Wilson, Biesinger, Jennie K. Biesinger. and Thomas

row: Griffin, Second Griffin, Taylor, Johannes Elizabeth B. Taylor, Layton Katwyk, Van George La Rue that about mated nine thousand man

Mitchell. 0.

hours of labor tenand Mary in the was expanded L. Third row: J. C. Updike, Christiansen, Gudrun Parker, Hisgen, Frances Seth Hulda T. Hawkins,

day project, without cost to home and Walter C. Mitchell. and

property owners.

Mayor Earl J. Glade, speaking in behalf of the city, said of the welfare LATTERDAY SAINT

project: "It is our sincere conviction SERVICEMEN IN FRENCH

that there never has been a finer exMOROCCO, ample of neighborly helpfulness and in Northwest Africa, take consideration in the history of our timeto holdoff onefromoftheirtheirdutiesregcity. ular sacrament meetings

Chaplain Curtis in the base chapel.

Abator Theodore E. Curtis, Jr., who

A received the Silver Star for gallantry in action last January, when he remained with a wounded man under fire until aid came, has been named diviand ReuelFront row,J. Nielson.left to right: Kenneth D. Proctor, Francis A. Webb, James O. Shingleton, Leo B Lott"'

sion chaplain of the Infantry 40th DiviBack row: Chester Gilgen, M. L. Miller, Donald William Blackburn, J. W. Russell Whittaker and Scott McKay. I.sion P. this on Negros, Previous to

Lieut. Castleton and Stewart were Wayne on duty picture when the was taken.assignment Curtis asChaplain was the—Reported by Chester M. Gilgen

FROM THE OFFICE OF THE FINANCE OFFICER, U. S. ARMY, MINNEAPOLIS, A MINN., COMES WORD OF GREETING FROM "DOWN NORTH"ON THE ALASKA

HIGHWAY, AMERICA'S GLORY ROAD First left J. row, to right: Captain Unopulos, Pfc. U.S. U.S. Fountain, Army; M. Hebert, Army; Ray LAC of Guest Hebert, RCAF; Larry Chisholm, LAC RCAF

Sgt. Miller, Clyde U.S. Sgt. J. Army; U.S. Ostler, J.Morgan, Bob D. Jr.,Army; Pvt. Can. Fletcher, Army; Nyal Can. Army; President Miller, Walter Mission West Can

E. Second row: President Tanner, N. Pvt. Branch; Edm. Pfc. Can. Matkin, Clarence Army; Brantley, Sgt.Wayne U.S. Sgt. Army; Roy Harde, RCAF; Carter Alfred LAC

Sgt. RCAF; Bennett, Sgt. Leacock, Don Ralph RCAF; Pilot Officer Barber, Jim Sgt. Barrel!, RCAF; U.S. RCAF; Eugene 1st Lt. Army; Edmunds Army''Can Capt. K. Peterson, U.S. Ray Capt. Army; U.S. Pilot Wesley Duce, Officer Army; Grant Smith, L.D.S. RCAF; Servicemen's and Supervisor H Pitcher LaurenceM

OCTOBER, 1945 583 beauty and value of the temple ordinances. The pure

in heart shall know that God is in his temple. It must

always be kept in mind that the work in the temples, as Editorials in all divisions of the Church, is done by mortal, imJhe /4ou5e or the perfect men, but that the story and lessons and issues <=>Lord whoof theentertemplethe endowmenttemple mustarelookdivinethroughand perfect.material imAll

A temple is an edifice in which the most comprehenperfection into spiritual perfection.

* sively sacred ordinances of the Church are perAll who use their temple privileges righteously will formed. It is "a house of prayer, a house of fasting, receive peace, safety, understanding, and joy. Young,

a house of faith, a house of learning, a house of glory, middleaged, and old—all need the help that the temples

a house of order, a house of God."It is an earthly proffer. And it is well to seek for temple blessings early

home of the Lord. in life. Much is lost throughout life when marriage is

Temples are necessary in every dispensation, for in not entered into under the sealing authority of the them the Lord reveals himself in person or by his Holy temple. A temple is "a place of thanksgiving for all

Spirit, and out of them proceeds the preparation of the saints... that they may be perfected in the understandworld for its final destiny. In the temples, time and ing of their ministry, in theory, in principle, and in

eternity are bridged and the unity of the plan of salvadoctrine, in all things pertaining to the kingdom of God tion made apparent. Gospel living centers upon and is on earth... and my presence shall be there, for I will

completed through temple activity. come into it, and all the pure in heart that shall come

Spiritual power is generated within temple walls, into it shall see God."Such blessings are needed by

and sent out to bless the world. Light from the house every Latterday Saint, and the whole world is in

of the Lord illumines every home within the Church direct need of them.

fitted for its reception by participation in temple priviConsider how poor we should be without our temples leges. The path from the temple to the home of man and the truths they represent! We praise the Lord for

is divinely brilliant. Every home penetrated by the our temples and for our understanding of the use of

temple spirit enlightens, cheers, and comforts every them. May we ever be a templebuilding, templeusing

member of the household. The peace we covet is found people!—/. A W.

in such homes. Indeed, when temples are on earth, the

whole world shares measurably in the issuing light; when absent, the hearts of men become heavy, as if On Waditne amaae5

day, "Zion of Enoch's said, the people with they of a word almost become has "normal"word is "TThe fled."* a constitutes normal meaning. theoretical What the of enlightenment benefit the for are and Temples peoseemingly few is which something condition social keys the revealed are In them Church. of the members remember. to able are ple define—or is "from given there men power priesthood, and the of these certainly given, definition be whatever But may life. issues of There the men meet to high"many on have "normal."not been last They years have few until doubt heaven, of forces the with commune may precipitate of years been of they have war; years been cerand knowledge are replaced by questioning and futures. uncertain unsettled and years of changes, social temple, proritual of the ordinances and tainty. The patcontemplated in the years which been have They compreset completely and forth meaningful, foundly been broken people lives have the young our of tern of of life, mystery the explain of truths the hensively

of often tendency, in there has been a which and up understandable. more gospel the existence, make and

necessity, to a few days urgent crowd into seemingly blessings the with received open hearts have Those who decisions, the commitments the procedures, weeks the and increased a new or power out with temple go of the understanding of life's problems. that normally would have lengthened into months and

imunder occurred have sometimes Marriages levels of years. high to temple rise work through Men may pressure frequently under the circumstances, promptu person a only joy. spiritual Once may and character

home, often when from days'away a of few innumerhimself, but for leave—and temple endowment the receive

furloughs too short. were or granted leave when was no the from gone it for those receive he times able may

this result haste of headlong inevitable one And unselfish an so, performs he does he earth. Whenever

in married been that have would has been many who is available. earthly recompense He no act for which

tastes in part the sweet joy of saviorhood. He rises the temples of the Lord, and who would there have

towards the stature of the Lord Jesus Christ who died taken their vows for eternity as well as for time, have in love, be so. no matter much they may how done No of the go out serve thus the dead for all. who Men

be, lives their matter together no rich matter may how to power renewed of marts into the men with temple deal fairly with others, to put into practice the golden how completely happy they are, they who have been command, "Do ye unto others as ye would have them married for time only, have not made the most of their do unto you."marriage or realized the fulness of their opportunities.

Yet there are immediate rewards in such vicarious And so now we counsel, we urge, that those who by service. Every time a person receives the temple endowthe exigencies of war have accepted each other as

ment for another, he reviews the eternal journey of partners in marriage "until death do us part,"take steps man, is reminded of the conditions of eternal progress without delay to enter into temples of the Most High.

and of his own covenants to obey God's law, is imAnd if there have been children to bless these marriages pressed anew with the necessity of making truth alive in the meantime, let them be sealed to their parents, by use, and beholds again the glorious destiny of rightand let families which are yet anticipated be born under eous man. His memory is refreshed, his conscience the covenant.

warned, his hopes lifted heavenward. Temple repetiYou young people, who, because of seemingly untion is the mother of daily blessings. Wherever one avoidable circumstances, and because of your love for

turns, temple service profits those who perform it. each other, have entered into the sacred obligations of Those who enter the temples and desire to obtain marriage outside of holy temples—may you now, and

most from the experience must seek to purify their without the hazards of further delay, renew your hearts in preparation. Only those who do so share pledges within the walls of the House of the Lord, there

fully in the blessings that flow from the temple. Unto be given to each other anew, by the binding and

worthy persons, or those with minds fixed upon external sealing power of the Holy Priesthood, for the endless things,'who may enter, will not sense the essential time that lies beyond time.

584 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA enters the Church. The new convert is not baptized

until he is well acquainted with the doctrine and practice of the Church. After he has been taught, he asks Evidences and with open eyes for admission to Church membership.

Children are likewise taught the meaning of the ordinance, before they are baptized at eight years of age. reconciliations This means that the candidate for baptism accepts

of his own free will and choice all that the Church has to offer, and all that it requires. He accepts the organizaxcuu. Mm the <=JLatterdau Jainti tion,Church.codeAsof bydoctrine,the freeandexercisemannerof ofhis livingagencywithinhe seeksthe

baptism, so by that agency he becomes subject to the a J-ree people f order of life within the Church. The requirements of

the Church are not in any sense infringements upon his right of choice. He has made his choice. The prinHThe right to choose for himself what he will believe ciples of truth upon which the Church rests must henceand do is the choicest possession of every intelligent forth determine his actions and conduct in life.

man and woman. The unhindered exercise of this right In minor matters of Church regulations, when quesis freedom. tions arise in his mind, he compares them with the basic

In Latterday Saint terminology this is the right of truths he accepted in the waters of baptism, and judges free agency, which is valued above all else, for it them accordingly. He soon finds that every socalled

insures a membership which thinks and acts for itself Church requirement is for his good. For example, among

and stands upon its own convictions and conclusions. other things, obedience to the Word of Wisdom yields

Because of this basic law, the Church is diametrically health and spiritual power; the payment of tithing

opposed to tyranny or dictatorships of any form or makes man master of selfish impulses, and a benefactor under any name, that enslave the minds and actions to others; and attendance at meetings feeds his spiritual

of men. The Church seeks truth, and more truth, and nature. Every requirement, if obeyed, lifts man into

free. that truth believes the Lord makes men And in higher realms of joy; helps him approach the likeness

". latter these declared, voice has and days.. Hear my of God.

follow me, and you shall be a free people...."(D. & Political differences show the freedom of action of

C. 38:22.) the Latterday Saints. Political issues usually touch

Nevertheless, freedom operates under many condimatters which are not of fundamental importance.

tions or limitations beyond the power of any one person. Whether Smith or Jones shall be mayor; whether a

There are laws of nature, society, and God, which must road shall be built south or north, are not ordinarily always be taken into account in the exercise of free questions of principle. Church members act freely in

agency. Under the right of choice a person may oppose deciding upon such matters. Likewise, they choose,

them or obey them. It is not possible to abrogate them; without interference, from time to time, their political

nor can they be ignored with safety. party affiliations, as party platforms change. Should

A person may choose to jump from the mountain larger political problems arise, such as involve fundaprecipice to the jagged rocks below; or seize with naked mental Church doctrine or practice, they would be

hands the wires charged with high tension electric solved simply by comparing them with the essential power; or cast himself into a living fire. The result is doctrines of the gospel. Latterday Saint people are

certain death. Or, he may decide to obey the laws free, politically.

of nature, and use them if he can. So he builds a paraAnother evidence of the freedom of Latterday Saints

chute, to descend safely from the precipice; with inis the manner in which all Church Authorities are sussulated hands, he makes the current do work for him; tained, whether general, stake, or ward. It is a law

and he applies heat to confined water so that he may of the Church that all nominations for Church posiride across the continent luxuriously in steamdriven tions, or releases, must be made by the officers of the trains. True freedom, in the midst of the multiplicity of priesthood; but the men and women thus nominated

natural forces, comes from conformity to law. Thereby, must be confirmed by the people. Without such conman becomes also the master of nature. firmation the nominees cannot act, and other choices

This principle is in equal operation in society. A must be made, as has occasionally happened. Therefore,

person among his fellows, may think as he pleases; but at the conferences of the Church or Church divisions,

in his actions he is limited. His inalienable right to free officers are presented for the sustaining vote of the

agency does not permit him to interfere with the same congregations; not only when the names are first proright of another individual. Even Robinson Crusoe had posed, but at regular, frequent intervals thereafter, to

to consider his man Friday in all his actions. Therefore, insure that the Church continues to be led by worthy

a sound society sets up rules and regulations by which men and women.

the right of freedom may be available to all people. To This is more than an ordinary vote. It is a sustaining

live happily in society these laws must be obeyed. If vote, which means that"we not only accept the people

they are not the best laws, they may be improved; but as our leaders, but that we support them with our good

while they do exist, they must be obeyed. Freedom in will, help, and prayers. Every person may vote freely,

society waits only upon those who obey the laws of for or against a name; and should do so according to

society. his convictions. The voting is not a perfunctory act,

The Church, though essentially an institution for but one of great importance.

freedom, exists under many laws that govern the right However, if a member votes against a nominee or of choice. These are the commandments of God to officer, it must be for some good reason. If for acts

his children on earth. The best laws enacted by and unworthy of a Latterday Saint, charges should be

for society are based upon divine law, such, for example, filed against him in the courts of the Church by those as the Ten Commandments. The very value of the who know of his errors; if the charges are substantiated,

Church to man comes from these laws based upon the and no reconciliation is effected, the person may be will of our Heavenly Father, which may limit our right removed from office. If the contrary vote is merely

of choice, but which are for our good, if we choose to a distrust of the person's ability to perform the duties obey them. of the office, or because of personal dislike, nothing

A person must exercise his right of choice when he (Concluded on page 615)

OCTOBER, 1945 585 look more. "Why let cows have a monopoly on hay?"we once asked. We

don't let them any more. Our "haystack"of spinach is ample for three

weekly servings during the winter.

Potatoes, the kind that made Idaho famous, are our first choice. In season owing most of the year, they are palatable and

nutritious when baked or steamed in their jackets.

Strange to relate, perhaps, bread is seldom served at dinner. It is the founONE FAMILY'S dation, of course, for the lunches, as

is the cracked wheat mush for breakfast nearly every morning. Muffins BID FOR for dinner occasionally when meat is

not served is becoming the rule, and we adults feel much better since making the change. However, our homemade HEALTH

bread containing liberal portions of both finely ground and coarsely ground wheat (sometimes toasted) is a tasty and sustaining food which often tempts

By J. S. STANFORD us to eat more than we need.

Red meats for roasts and stews, very seldom for frying, are used moderately.

is friedstewed choicest rabmeat Our parlives our spent early on bit in pens. our reared Cakes and own states ents'in westernOUR farms two pies are served puddings seldom and physical ideal from not a were

is rarely. then, eaten and Candy now of time standpoint. a Summer was for dessert, usually meals, not between

fresh orchard, of plenty from foods are carrying methods us Our toward ice sherbets but are cream and made in winter but hens, cows, garden, and this goal. alertness Constant study and all in freely seasons. used and

white bread, potatoes, meat, and pasare needed but it is worth the price.

tries with some milk and apples were the five sixoldest children from our "T\o diet. not Stuffed stomachs regular were is single greatest the probably "pOOD four years years teen to of down although harmful considered always factor to health. one's or make mar these age about complain methods and difficult to overhabits engendered they

It should be can the and only be medithe principally during foods adopted in later years.come cine needed. last schoolchilyears? No! The two

built log roughly houses were The are in fortunate possessing relation see the already a dren between We and the winds of late winter made inlarge garden, in living near our college what they eat and how they feel and unless uncomfortable workersdoor dairy, in not living near and a grocery that feel better since they do we have the frequently nearer tothey shifted store. is a garden "year around"Our fouryear- methods. our changed The

redhot, woodfed stoves. garden. Seed, fruits, leaves, stems, and old boy and his baby sister will know

Colds caught in December often hung roots are grown and used daily, fresh of no other method, at least, at home.

seripit, into more on or developed and or from the gardenon is forty often percent muscle, the ailments. Spring ous favorite time Sometimes a was we call in the indoor worker. cannedfive—corn,or dried. flabbyMan muscle

when thick blood must be purified by tomatoes, carrots, spinach and potaThe muscles of volition stagnate and liberal doses of yarrow tea or of dark toes—the "quins,"which called forth a disintegrate through disuse, but the

mixtures of sulphur and molasses. Ugh! family slogan: "green and gold, green, muscles of digestion are overworked.

In 1919, when we were married, we crimson and gold, eat of them daily and In our craze for speed are we losing began to doubt that illness was beyond never feel old."the thrill which comes from the bodily

control. As a man thinketh, so is he, Corn, sweet gold corn! its users are motions of running, climbing, walking?

should be extended to read, As a man many. Dried by several methods it is Even one brisk mile each day does

eateth and doeth, so is he. easily cooked and served with milk wonders in relieving cramped muscles

A weekly or even a monthly fast of and butter, or it may be ground and and ragged nerves.

twentyfour hours is an ordeal that served as soup. Earripened in the Seven to eleven hours'sleep each

is often shunned, if not scorned; yet field it is shelled and ground in a hand night is required for the schoolchilmill the rich and is the golden meal the clearsuch fasts the brain and purify their of (more, parents dren-—and basis muffins. of delicious Sometimes too,- oftissues. preponderance, little The course, for the ones ). Firm beds

soft, concentrated foods supercharged the corn is parched, then ground and without excessive covers are preferred.

with energy for which man has decreasadded to the other meal to give a new The two firm beds with medium weight ing need as his physical activities deinviting flavor to the muffins which, mattresses on boards for springs are crease, intensifies the strain on the body. coated liberally with butter and honey, so successful that other beds are due

It must cast off that excess or store it. is a dessert we prize. for a change. Man simply is coddling

And all the while it may be starving Tomatoes, fresh and canned, are so his muscles and body by the modern for minerals and vitamins. And these useful and enter into so many recipes array of springs under him. Sleeping

tendencies are aggravated by the flarthat we use them almost daily. And alone, we find, is more economical of

ing propaganda to eat countless costly our carrots! A superior variety distime because one sleeps "faster,"gets

but needless gimcracks. covered in a North Dakota seed catahis needed sleep in shorter time.

Our family goal is positive health in log are crisp, sweet, and cylindrical, The ability to relax, especially on order to insure better bodies, minds, better raw than cooked, and they blend the hot days of summer, to stretch at full and spirits with which we may have very well with the cracked wheat mush, length on the cool, firm floor or lawn joy and life more abundantly. We beas well as cake and candy. for twenty minutes or more is regenerlieve that man is punished for his sins Spinach, fresh or dried, is cooked ating. Sleep does not interfere with

against his bodily health and that he and served with lemon juice and butter. digestion, but the latter may interfere

should not expect exceptions. We literally devour our portions and with sleep. Heavy meals shortly be586 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

fore retiring are prone to cause restless sleep and an irritable awakening.

Our bodies have developed a marvelous but not infallible heatregulating mechanism which reacts effectively to sudden temperature changes but which fails somewhat to recognize gradual cooling. Inactive bodies are often

chilled in cooling rooms when studying and, when coupled with excess food inside, pave the way for colds and attendant evils.

Beware of the slow drop from 68 degrees to 62 degrees if not active, otherwise temperature changes are beneficial. The stokerheated house

may not be ideal from a health standpoint if one spends much time there.

If we don't take time to keep well, we must take time to be ill; this statement

is true, but is too general to be heeded very often. In fact, some folk take

so much time to be ill that they die in the prime of life.

A statement made by a famous surgeon is significant: "Today the cure

of disease depends almost entirely on the spontaneous power of the organism to repair itself."Yet, so often that

exceptions are rare, John Doe and Richard Roe neglect or drug their ailments until they are forced to call on a physician who probably cuts and extracts;

then nature is left to repair the damage as much as possible. A "stitch in time"

would save the literal nine, and more, put in by the surgeon.

Intermingled with the trash and treason that come via radio and mail is much valuable information and inspiration to encourage us to make greater efforts to attain positive health, if not physical perfection. Such efforts, we

believe, are well worth the cost.

Some Facts on Currency Rise From Antiinflation Bulletin r*\iD you know that Nearly twice as much money is in circulation in $1,000 bills as in $500 bills?

More than twice as much money is outstanding in $100 bills as in $50 bills?

The total of big bills ($50 and upinwards) billions at circulation—$7.9

ofthe end one third MarchMs nearly of all money in circulation and more than the total money circulation at the start of the war?

These are among the facts shown by the Federal Reserve Board in its latest statistics on money in circulation.

Money authorities say the increase of more than three times over prewar in money in circulation during the war to date (current outstanding total is over $26 billions) is greater than warranted by the needs of business and the payroll of the armed forces. For this

reason the growth in big bills outstanding is regarded as possibly reflecting black market and tax evasion operations, since bills of $50 and higher are listen Jo Elsa Maxwell's "Party Line,"3:45 p. m.

not common mediums of exchange. Monday through Friday over Mutual.

OCTOBER, 1945: 587

Peanut Butter Cookies Y cup shortening butter peanut cup cup sugar brown white sugar cup iTSfMi CoofoCorner YYa34

Josephine B. Nichols Yi cup light corn syrup

Y teaspoon vanilla Suggestions for the Lunch Box 21 eggcups sifted flour

In selecting foods for the lunch box: 2 teaspoons baking powder TWM*!? First, choose foods having the best nutriYi teaspoon salt

tive values Cream together shortening, peanut butter,

Second, choose foods that possess the and sugar. Add corn syrup; mix well. Add

quality of retaining their flavor and a pleasvanilla and egg. Beat well. Sift together flour,

ing appearance after several hours of standbaking powder, and salt. Add to creamed

well. mixture. into small Shape dough Mix ing TRY THIS edfe f place round balls; sheet baking and on Third, use a variety of breads for sandAPPLE AND ORANGE SALAD wiches ten. Bake in moderate oven (375 F.) flatfor

Fourth, use a generous amount of filling twelve to fifteen minutes.

Core but do not peel redskinned Fifth, use fresh fruits or vegetables Makes three and onehalf dozen cookies.

apples; cut in eighths. Peel oranges, Sixth, always include a hot or cold beverbottle in a thermos age slip knife section blade along down Fillings Sandwich

little planning, a box lunches can With walls, turn sections. out and Arrange be appetizing and nutritious. made Fish and Meat slices sections apple and orange tuna with shredded or salmon Minced

alternately on lettucelined salad Foods for the Lunch Box lettuce, celery, salad dressing, or chili plates, standing slices and sections sauce upright so that finished salad is Whole Wheat Nut Bread Any left over meat, sliced or chopped 2 eggs pickles dresswith mixed and salad or salad globeshaped. with a each Top

1 ing. sugar cup

liberal spoonful Durkee's of Mayonmelted cup shortening Eggs garnish a maraschino naise, and with honey cup eggs, cooked chopped Hard and mixed Y14 1 cherry. sour milk cup olives, pickles, with sweet mayonnaise,

\Y cups white flour minced parsley or bacon.

1 salt teaspoon cheese with mayonnaise, chopped Cream 1 teaspoon soda olives, nuts, chopped or marmalade. cups whole wheat flour 1J/2

132 cups broken walnut meats Beat eggs and sugar until thick. Add

shortening and honey; mix well; then add

sour milk. Add white flour, sifted with salt

and soda; then whole wheat flour; beat

smooth. Fold in nuts. Bake in loaf pans in

moderate oven (350 F.) for fifty to sixty

minutes. nanifHmts

Fruit Bread 2 cups sifted flour Add one cup of mashed lima beans to your 3 teaspoons baking powder next meat loaf mixture to make more serv- 1 teaspoon salt ings and add more vitamins. Mrs. J. C. P.,

Oklahoma. Medford, sugar cup Y

1 rind grated tablespoon orange with stove of part coal iron the Wash dates cup chopped Y2 let stove of dry heat or dry water; warm nuts cup chopped x/z this is going process surfaces. While these 1 egg, beaten

with one parts of parawax on, mix two 1 milk cup tin plate in small grease a unsalted of part juice cup orange cloth, cotton stove. lid of a Take back or on cup melted shortening Soaks clothes WHITER Yi34 the parts force -with rub in and mixture dip

Sift flour, together salt, baking powder, lids, gives your This washed. recently

Stir sugar. and rind, dates, in orange and

nuts. juice, add milk, orange To egg, and ventsdrafts, rustpipes,if usedetc., everya new daylookorandtwo.also Mrs.preshortening; liquid mix well. to the Add flour C. B. L., Luna, New Mexico. mixture, stirring until is flour only moisLeaves no rings on tened. Pour into greased loaf pan. Bake in For the apron that refuses to stay on the

dishpan or washtub moderate oven (350 F.) about one hour hook, sew on the back and center of the

and fifteen minutes. belt a wire or celluloid ring or a loop of

tape. This has been a timesaver for me.

Ginger Bread—Mrs. L. S., Mariposa, California.

shortening cup Y hose, run silk in or rayon run a mend To cup granulated sugar Y little at loop the through crochet the hook 1 egg first thread the catch of the and the run end sifted flour cups loop. pull the the Conthrough of run and 1 flour cup whole wheat baby things \Y Keeps take to thus, sure being run the tinue up

32 1 teaspoons soda the to order, right in the threads the 1 teaspoon cinnamon immaculate with a Fasten run. the of starting place

1 teaspoon ginger should be This the hose. to thread match teaspoon cloves Y if possible. A., D. washing, before done salt teaspoon LOTS OF Y Arkansas. Springs, Eureka 1 mild cup molasses

SVDS 1 cup hot water A soap saving idea is to put the article evenin Cream shortening, add sugar, add egg. of clothing through the wringer the second

HARD WATERi molassesMeasure andand hotsift water.dry ingredients.Add dry ingredientsCombine water.time beforeAlmostdroppingas much soapit intocomestheoutrinsethe

to first mixture alternately with liquid. Bake second wringing even though your wringer

in 9"x 9"pan in moderate oven (350 F.) is a good one. Mrs. E. R. J., Salt Lake City,

for fortyfive minutes. Utah.

588 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How Can You Fight a Small Fire Safely?

breaks a fire first to thing when doyHE size wits and is your to collect r- out INFORMATION take more won't situation. That theup

than a few seconds, and it may keep you from doing some foolish or uselessthing. PLEASE!

After notifying the fire department, go into action with your extinguisher. Here is a book of information

Take a position near a door, so any you've always wanted... with

sudden burst of flame cannot trap you.

If possible, stand so the smoke and fire a unique chart comparing L. D.

are carried away from you by any S. doctrines with those of other

drafts. If the fire is in a small room or churches.

closet, stay outside, and aim the extinguishing agent in at the fire. Take You'll be better able to apthe stream the length of ofadvantage to preciate your own church after

distance from comfortable at aremain the fire. reading "His Many Mansions,"

Always aim directly at the thing by Rulon S. Howells.

the is at (notthat smoke burning or $2.25

of ), the case a flamexcept inflame mable liquid. But, if cooking fats, gasowritten"Too. much.. interpretinghas alreadywhat beenothbelieve materials are ersline, inflammable or other CO. rather than letting each STANDARD BOOK for himself."speak just above in a container aimburning P. O. Box 445, Salt Lake City, Utah

is authoriMANSIONS HIS MANY levelthe to avoid splashing of the liquid, its tative. writes church Each own Please send copies the fire. spreadingand chart in story. cover pocket Handy

If the fire is spread out over the floor compares leading Christian churchHIS MANY MANSIONS es questions important of docon C.O.D. at preferably start ground,or one end, trine. Check or Money Order enclosed D you, nearestat the and then point within ordered sweep Postage prepaid on books

it out completely as you go. If the fire 30 days. Name

is traveling up a wall, put out the fire Address at the bottom first, and then follow it STANDARD BOOK CO up. P. O. Box 445, Salt Lake City, Utah

In the case of fires caused by electricity, it is desirable to turn off the electric current if you can, so as to prevent reignition; but by using the proper type of

extinguisher, you will not be in danger of an electric shock if you cannot turn off the current. Br a materials give off poisonous;>\.—Many iBoigases when they burn, so move about 4 **"*

the the inhaling to smoke. avoid When?&* '/

air fire the to is out, open windows place. If you cannot air the place quickly and easily, get out and stay out until 0i*2*the smoke has cleared away.—r>. P \

Your Personal Paper Salvage Campaign. for delicate,

Tea HIT! sparkling MENU TEA is victory can TUTere campaign a you

is always Jelly Garden Box School Lunch start right in home. your own now GARDEN wholesome. delicious,

Sticks Carrot salis to personal campaign This your batches in small JELLY It's made Sandwich Meat of paper paper. scrap vage every The clear, and sugar pure of Jelly on Garden Tea is not into that wasted your comes home pressed gently juice, rich Bread Nut

it it unless or away. burn throw you tableripe, fresh, from Cocoa Apple

When you save it and turn it in on colquality fruit.

this lection used day, can be paper by the

TASTES LIKE HOMEMADE. Because it's made like HomeMade paper; mills to paper. Save more make

save wrapping paper, corrugated and cardboard boxes, bags, wastebasket scraps, newspapers, and magazines save all paper! Watch your newspaper

for collection dates and turn your paper in, tied in neat, easyto-carry bundles. Visit With the Leaders of the Church In Your Home Every Month

personal your Make paper salvage By Subscribing To success. a big campaign

Enough time was lost from farm acofhe iSlmprovement (bra cidents last year to have produced five bushels of wheat for each of the 12 Issues $2.00

137,000,000 persons in the United

States, says National Safety Council.

OCTOBER, 1945 589 "Kent of The Sun"etpsjromtdeCamps

the that world utterly suppose wrong. To Islands Philippine Luzon,

unforchaotic its and present can on in go Brethren: Dear

to time long come for state very a tunate to opportunity take this like to would is the of God. to mercy deny

I commend the editors who are doing such So faith in the future; faith that what is

a splendid job of preparing the magazine occurring is for man's best good; and lastly,

for the members of the Church. faith that the present suffering will soon be

all—itThe Erais suchhas ancomeinspirationto mean muchto us.to Tous over,abundantare life.necessaryI am constantlyprerequisitesstrivingto theto

me, as with many fellows with whom attain these attributes. Thus, I eventually

I have come in contact since being in shall gain them, and then my joy will be mother, from a to a letter service, next the stars. the of the brightness unexceeded by

is arrival the Era's sweetheart, wife, or a a comfort to letter will serve I hope this

I you want assured be appreciatedWe are broughtmost. up to date with the latest you.to feel.MayIf youI canunderstandknow thiswhatand

progress and growth of our Church, and that you, too, have the faith that I have, its pages are filled with the true gospel of then all obstacles and sufferings will indeed

Jesus Christ, leaving us without question as become commonplace. I pray that you may

to how we ought to govern our lives to know these things and be happy in your live daily in a world torn with strife, greed, knowledge.

and indifference. Your loving son,

To us who have had the privilege of per- (Lt.) Lynn (Jenks)

forming a mission for our Church, the Era * * * of those names to its pages often brings very with Hello Dad: Germany of opportunity working the had we've

in the mission fields, and renews again the Tonight most of the fellows are out somespirit we cherished so much throughout all where, and it is comparatively quiet, our mission. which gives me a chance to think, and to-

I've been you. to close I feel very is it few night but a I am, Stationed where Peace an actuality! And with to used things the about we thinking a lot to chapel where in a jeep a drive minutes'

it, the eyes of the world services of our faith are conducted every talk about, and the things we used to do.

shoot used to remember how we is you held Do evening, Mutual and where Sunday swing from the battlefields thought I never.22 on the farm? out the are being meetings These Tuesdays. on

to the world's capitals. Of conducted by a very talented group leader then that I'd have to shoot a rifle at a man.

cans lots sinking of fun have used to fine for his work is to be commended We these, Washington holds who as they floated in holes putting them by attend. faith of all those the in keeping who

greatest interest for us and It is something to look forward to each down the canal. It isn't fun putting holes

for all nations of the world. week with those who understand, to renew in steel helmets. I have sent home a.22

again our faith and strengthen our testicalibre rifle which was captured from

I think, is one, It good a the Germans. gospel. everlasting true the and of monies reporting from Ably Washmanufacturer best arms by the this for and made magazine thankful are We to Salt of the ington readers bolt shot, is single It a in Germany. is, all it coming."say "Keep we can

as a built the model same action.22, on times three Lake Tribune, Cpl.

training rifle. It is in used army John Irwin German

* R. Kent. Mr. * * is Frank weekly, it there, gets If and youth. when German

it, will it of you? oil take al.i care et and up Dear We Mom, articles are Kent's among

it I'm lot of with fun a when can have write. deal to isn't great You a There built forceful today, the most is fun. shooting where back heart. in are that thoughts the my know

of I live group a to with learned have of solid foundation futhe in faith a on I unextinguishable an have

I learned them. have along get with and men is to I me that happening ture. which know reporting. 50 years'nearly I to desire the ones pick to and judge men future in I the endure must and today what

the out to friends weed and cultivate as talks with day, he I Every than or bigger than parts plan of a are am

I I have begun should ones. say undesirable necesare things universe. entire the These politicians, statesmen and is that process a learning learn, to because able and person for to a in be order sary me

brief I in that realize forever. goes on my arlistens to Congressional the will upon out qualified to God's carry

I wisthe earth, lack the years twenty on I that the I earth. around know look me As sifts weighs guments, and I earnestly maturity. of judgment and dom only can of state mankind unfortunate poor

I judgment possess that day some pray may of pattern changing the news have individuals ameliorated who be by yours. tenth great as as one it all of out suffered have come and who information. and in I heard and seen in have what And in the knowldisillusioned but happy not

I the from time the been have short away it, is it they for who that worth edge was sig- R. Kent adds a Frank I thing see of influence one protecting home, iniquities of the stench will from save manit

all else. list clearly of above that stands out And to the nificant name himself. for created has that unbelief he and

insignificant, is this: small, that how How I daily seek of the help ofGod whom With features ribbon blue 73 worthless lost utterly man and indeed how sincere study through in constantly, prayer

of of the loses sight the he through ways exclusively becomes fered when I shall be perseverance, a humble and by sight loses of God. he righteousness, when I fear of best. to no Thus, have able do Tribune. Salt my Lake diffiis for orders. Waiting waiting I'm alwill influence his future, for the and God

It tongues It cult. sharpens nerves. on wears will Ghost Holy with me. be The ways

I the tempers. Therefore hope quickens and hardship. stress in of times and comfort me

I it is hope soon. order comes Whatever it all? fail I through to come can How

I courage strength the will and that have mine, shall that aid spiritual be the BesidesS I it connot squarely. to much meet am I that I have firm live assurance in the can

our to for be praying on with cerned God for praypulling me, friends loved ones and is for the earnest side. wisdom prayer My but that anything for doubt ing me. you Do leaders. of they our judgment and May I this all have to can when come good me alt fate that fact should lose sight of the never we I it I to be fact In not. with know me? do

side. God's stay on joy."true. might that they are have "Men to love MothDad. Goodnight, Give my I enjoy. I that heritage few a men have

both. bless er. the keep you Lord and May all be blessed above men. almost To am

sad because I am getting an opportunity to Your loving son, contribute a small part of that thanks due is Nathan JeaU \X 590 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

:.-.

JACK: Hi, sis! Glad you came out. I was

! I mean here's just telling these birds it's about JAC K: Heck no, Honey

time they learned about Safeway's green forage up and ready, so we'll system of straightline distribution. turn the hens directly into it.

JILL: Jack! You aren't going to sell our JILL: I get it. No middle men. Direct

beautiful layers! from producer to consumer.

JACK: Sure! Safeway's been doing it that JACK: Instead of taking the farm product

way for years. It lets 'em pay us direct to consumer, I take the confarmers top prices and still sell for sumer to where the product grows.

less. Now watch closely

FROM EGGS TO "GRASS"- SAFEWAY'S SYSTEM

HELPS BOTH GROWER AND CONSUMER

In California's fertile Sacramento Delta, asparagus is known as "grass."And

John Klein, one of the growers, has this to say about Safeway's straightline distribution. "In 1939

Safeway began buying direct from us growers and started a market expansion program. I have checked market returns and

have noted that the fresh asparagus market has been steadily increasing due to better distribution through such chain stores as

Safeway."THE neighborhood a brain! JACK: What

STORES GROCERY I should hire out to OXXtGaPrTWavL*WAX as an eggspert. Safeway

JILL: And I should egg spurt your wonNOTE: Better than a third of our customers are farm

folks. Find out why. Trade one full month at your

derful brain. Take off your hat! Safeway grocer's—and see how much you save/

OCTOBER, 1945 591 POETRY > 'filli AUTUMN EVENING MY FATHER'S HOUSENJ The HDU lit Nifi By Leone E. McCune By Sgt. Thorley C. Johnson

his cornerstone: perfect set in place%;i the Choosing

lies burning dead, a Best Hi Summer rise shall rock,"he upon this house ember. He"My

I remember autumn, Glory of said. Milk Evaporated3,

stones, one each sounding quarried other fall, He will rain as mist as gentle When for flaws care, and them examined With all. stillness hushes brooding And a k=&A tried

Then for an hour the maples glow, Them well; then fitted them exact and true,

Before the thickening dusk sinks low. And sealed stone unto stone with love, his

The maples are lamps that line the street; Purestrong,mortar, uniting as one, all through

Leaves lay a carpet for straying feet. His house, its members, all as they belong.

The soft rain drips in the saffron light,

Gold fades slowly away into night. THE HAT

By Margaret O. Slicer

it, is that should youth wear you TESTAMENT What each several brands. can Open Buy hat brow? smooth on your gay mad A the color. wide. Note Check Morning Christie Coles Lund By I it is that can't share youth What

color. natural appetizing, Milk's you now? With the a night, on many have seen moon

I Hung in the same, translucent place, I tried the selfsame hat myself

A crescent, delicate and bright Just a day or two ago.

Trailing clouds of gossamer lace; Took it from its salon shelf,

-;-* I have heard the notes of the nightingale,* Tipped it so.

Lifting the air with its belllike tone; The result? Let's talk not of it.

I have listened to the curlew's call (The salesgirl said it was divine.)

When walking the seashore all alone; The face beneath the frills above it

I have watched the petalled summer pass Was thirtynine.

From the russet valleys hazed in sleep,

IWhenhave countedwinter wasfrostspearsbrittle andin thesharpgrassand BUGLER Compare texture. See how creamy rich

Morning Milk is! Thousands use it deep; By Helen Maring

just like cream. I the spring, seen have felt the breath I have can't buy of all things—a clock with

April winds over trees, newclad; WEalarm, Of

And this is my testament on death: But that doesn't worry us out on the farm.

We shall have again what we once have At daylight we still have a splendid uphad. booster,

That tuneful old bugler, the loudcrowing

EXCLUSIVENESS rooster.

By Mabel Jones Gabbott JOHNNY APPLESEED

There are moments By Lucretia Penny shining, slivered moments did his plant not appleseed I glimpse when

Then taste each milk just for future need, meet him some her entity HETo distinct separate: and

as it comes from the can. But so that men he'd never meet

Yes, you can taste the Once when she was chilled, I held her, Could find the springtime blossoms sweet difference. Morning Milk cuddled to the warm white softness And reach for ripe fruit in the fall.

has a finer flavor of my heart, and she purred drowsily He hoped for that, and that was all.

and slept:

her fingers Utah's Own Or when curve to meet the REVOLT IN AUTUMN air: in the music

FinerFlavored By E. V. Griffith

Or her eyes, intent and knowingHPhe schoolroom walls had shut him roughThere are moments -* ly in, shavings, but like each one MORNING MILK thins But through a newwashed window he could curls to and and drops sawdust see indistinctness while my imagination in the gnarled maple tree, A robin to seeks it clear. make its red breast's caught Which fire, and tried

left, And I am to win a grownup for its it red. stain maple own, and seeking entrance to a The

child's exclusiveness. in could day passed hands a haze The no

clasp; The lesson was too much for him to grasp,

THE—400 GOSPELpages of KINGDOM,the writingsbyandJohndiscoursTaylor FOR A CERTAIN SCIENTIST And hisautumn'shead. call kept pounding through

of Textbook great leader. es of a priestBy Charles C. Day The mountains filled the window. Now it Taylor's for 1945. John quorums hood

seemed as inspired are words line ivide a between heart flame. the forest's a line, and see His with all was one his. to tion as they were immortality. can fathom If you called: vital to this genera- D every he knew one by name! A bird

Price, $2.25 ($1.80 to priesthood quorums) Dissect the blue air; scan the moon's pale The teacher's voice cut in on what he

(See pages 555 and 605 for Order Blank) track; dreamed.

defied hurled. flaming eyes her, anger You cannot keep the sun from coming back. His

closed his reader with a start, He roughly BDDKCRAFT Lie here beneath a shadowcloud, starshod, And sat, the youngest rebel in the world, 18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah And see what you would substitute for God. Revolt against all textbooks in his heart.

592 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

UTAH'S & C0NTRI8WW tothe d.v—<"*. 9hiP1

japs IPrmd<3 pitied ctTV.Ordnaocet*caT tVie

Ued. o the Pd w 'South/nCSl a* JjJJjHL ooele %&. a reclaimed f *

presented Q Ordnancetosation* cfW53&0*|| a* Mj*i*saj-s SUltP

Symbol of the part Utah's mines have taken in the State's contribution toward the successfully accomplished 50 billion dollar armament program, this Ordnance

Victory Penny is going to military and industrial members of the Army Ordnance Ass'n., as a keepsake. As indicated in the attached scroll, copper from Utah's mines started

as a shell case. Its mission accomplished, it was reclaimed as a U. S. Coin ready for peace or war.

This tribute to Utah and one of its industries sprang from an idea of Colonel Henry E.

Minton, commanding officer at the Tooele (Utah) Ordnance Depot, and has received nationwide publicity.

Utah's mines produce approximately 30 percent of the nation's copper for war and for peace.

This Is One of a Series of Ads Designed to Create a Better Understanding of An Industry

METALSilver King: Coalition MinesMININGCo. Ohio INDUSTRYCopper Co. of Utah TinticOFStandard Mining:UTAHCompany

Utah Copper Company Chief Consolidated Mining: Co. Park Utah Consolidated Mines Co.

Reduction Co. Metals Combined American Smelting & Rfg. Co. International Smelting & Refining Co.

Refining: Smelting: United States and MiningCompany

FAULTLESS FARM FUNNIES... Saturday shopping chatter GRAHAMHUNTER

POH'T STU\NG WcV MO,T>ORP>. A THAS ON ncvj Mm-v 1 wess, REMEtABER \NGER TO MY.VOEEAR NUEUOR E\K.E VT WOKS BVJW To FAUUTLESS MAKE. / STANCH COMES EROM.v\ x EOOK AN/ENUE., E\ETH US\NG FAUtfE'ESS THE A EPSVY\OT STANCHWW—

STARCM. RESULTS Y\AR\? 1 GHT THE SMAE > AW TAKE

T\*AE 1 Ef\CH \M\TH STARCH OUT OF WOUK \T'S EASV FAUYTVEESSAS >* f WNV AS ACCURATE TO HRI

MEASURE AS 'BAWrtG L T VMVtW GOOV m 5*-\0*-i5* LiWY VovJER! n AUV'THRT'S, GUOCEWSAT OUR AVTTAWUTETOTAKES"R\G>Y\T.BRREEfVAAKE

MOT S1WECT > STARCH V4YTH.

v&zk > STANCH vBS*S& I m Cl \OC %%MVgwwhrm1\Wht=r\ 3!

OCTOBER, 1945 593

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

Example the Better Way /\ut of the mouths of honest witnesses -fitemate <=Le5Son LJutline fop ff/elckizedeh [rieitkood shall the truth be established. We

present stateabbreviated below two: Jke f-ean oft Ljreat J-rice will ments that in- (a/uommd with intense be read

terest, the one about Lt. Hallman, Centerville, Utah, and the other written by By MILTON R. HUNTER of the First Council of the Seventy

Lt. Ray R. Canninq of Tremonton,

Utah. {As was suggested in the "Era"last month, the purpose of this first lesson will be to maketip—by Lt. Hallman analyzeway of antheintroductionPearl of Greato thePricecourse.its Itname,is suggestedorigin, contentsthat the andclassmechanicalinstructors take to their

priesthood classes a recently published Pearl of Great Price and one issued before 1902 for papers Local 1945, carried on July 19, the purpose of observation comparison.) and account of the deathan Powell of Hugh

of I. of son Hallman, P. Hallman CenLesson One beginnings, such as the creation of terville, killed before the day who was

mortals, receiving and Adam's Eve's of I. collisionin midair twinwith another a Pearl of Great Price—Its Name the gospel of first Christ, the Jesus apospursuit plane Ontario,engined near Origin as and a Book tasy, sin his posterity, and Cain—his California. ( Suggestions the class to instructors secret and Lamech combinations, and in Lt. served a combat Hallman had to answers the The following questions declaration a that the gospel to began After overseas. force fortyseven comand problems are in found the Melbe preached the from beginning. Chapmissions injured hebat he was when chizedek Priesthood section the of Era six ter continues the account of Adam his to forced plane from parachutewas for September 1945.) his and descendants the having gospel until silk not the he did was openand 1. first published the of Pearl Who of Jesus tells Christ the and of story fifty feet the returned ground. from He it? Price Great and named Enoch. is story of The continued Enoch in states 1944, the September andto was 2. inspired the publisher to What in chapter seven. last in chapter The California, Field, at stationed Minter it that give name? the eight, book, number gives chro- a air base. Ontario armyand 3. the publisher's was purpose What nology to from Enoch then and Noah father of the Hallman, Brother When in this printing book? tells of Noah's preaching repentance to air at to thelieutenant, base Onwent ( his Discuss statement. own the his of wicked people preand day his burial of for thetario to arrange 4. his did get materials? he Where dicting destruction flood. through a related to story the followingson, was 5. title first the the of page Compare ( is It that brief recommended only a air force major had an army whohim by edition the of Pearl of Price Great with outline of the contents the of of Book the deceased: with overseasserved the edition. present the of and of Moses Book be Abraham

given being party occasion a was one On at this taken point. up Later opportuniII. Mechanical of the MakeUp overthe air service in for group a of men will ty given discuss be to the contents Pearl of Price Great alcoholic is smokes and customary,seas. As of these detail. in books

Lt. plentiful. as Hallman,drinks very were this edition a Examine of modern

indulge. not for did him, customary Aswas 2. the class with book for the members The Book o} Abraham

critical and thereusual comment some was of purpose observing the following last pointed out was "the As month, "I see remarked, present general wasa who facts of obtained Book Abraham from was Lt. us."sissy Hallman have one amongwe

althe Pearl of Great Price 1. Has in papyrus, which, connection said: with his feet the facing generalrose to and

"Sir, I cannot refrain from answering your ways been divided into chapters and some Egyptian mummies, was purremark. I have been taught from my youth verses? chased by the Saints at Kirtland, Ohio,

to abstain from the use of liquor and tobac- 2. Has it always had references and in July 1835, from Michael H. ChandIt is in principle, ofco. matter in with a been printed double pages me column as ler."will story This told be much more

Ifact, principle. religious feel that sure a it ( is copyright See page. today? in detail in lessons the that follow;

I serve fellow can and country men my my 3. discuss class the and with Observe therefore, that suggest do you we noquite well influence as the under not when at the references the of members bottom at this than the facts mention more I life liquor. spirituous Allof dehave my first the If pages. question few any point. spiritsired that of the the might be Lord

arises, the referexplain the of purpose five are the in There chapters of I if this Book will that notwith me. be so know

I do what I know to be wrong for me. I ences and how to use them. Abraham, Chapters one and two give

sir, sorry, that disapprove."life thisam you account the of great of an III. of Contents of Pearl the Great lieutenant sat the general The and down, until prophet in arrived he Egypt. ChapPrice his feet,arose said, to "Lt. Hallman, and is ter three of Abraham's account

1. stand."please All the eyes The Book were Moses upon young of preexistence, astronomy and including

it for is well officerman, that junior a known is (a) that one Chapter a vision eternal the nature of the matter and "talkdoes to not general. back"a The of years hundreds ago, Moses had and council great in four heaven. Chapters I said:general Hallman, to want "Lt this vision revealed to was Joseph five give and the creation account an of I forapologize uncalledfor remarks. my

in Smith, the Prophet, 1830. June similar of the to world Genesis one and as well all that as of doknow us could you

serve our country better while not under (b) Chapters two to eight are the two and Moses two and three.

the influence of liquor. I want to salute a writings of Moses which were revealed

man who has the courage and good sense to to Joseph Smith in December 1830. 3. Writings of Joseph Smith

stand by his convictions."These writings are quite similar to chap- (a) An extract from a translation

Lt. Canning's Statement terstwo oneand tothreesix oftell Genesis.the storyChaptersof the of Thisthe Bible—Matthewmaterial gives 23:39;an account24:1-55.of

In Blackfoot, Idaho, several years creation of the world, the unusual conJesus'description and predictions of ago, Elder Thomas E. Cheeney organtribution being the account of a spirthe events that should transpire

ized the original "Abstinence Club."itual creation preceding the temporal throughout the world prior to his secUnder the direction of Elder Ben E. creation. Chapter four tells the story ond coming.

Call, Jr., principal of the Teton Stake of the great council in heaven and the (b) Extracts from the History of

( Concluded on page 604 fall. Chapter five tells the story of early Joseph Smith, the Prophet.

594 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Egyptian characters. This type of writing served as their pattern to record

their own history on metal plates. As

time passed, they modified many characters of the Egyptian, resulting in what they termed reformed Egyptian. Dr.

Sidney B. Sperry of Brigham Young

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE University has the following to say regarding the type of writing used by the CALLIS, A. FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; HAROLD B. CHARLES

E. Nephites G. E. KAY, CLIFFORDTWELVE—JOSEPHLEE, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION ROMNEY, THOMAS MC

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS Just what is meant by reformed Egyptian?

Opinions may vary, but the writer believes that shortreformed of kind Egyptian a was this simplicity of comprehensiveness and tells his birth briefly Prophet o The the ancient devised Nephites from by is hand the the doctrine of statement of Church history, early gives then an accountand characters certain Egyptian and Hebrew inof regarded strong divine evidence as a subsetheof "First the Vision"and characters, to used and express them by spiration operating the of Joseph mind upon is this reactions. anquent Following the explanation words. Hebrew make To Smith.

little clearer: the of the shorthand appearances of a cannotaccount modern

the read be person, ordinary nevertheby of obtainingangel of Moroni, Joseph's of Pearl Conclusions: Great The it less express the English words. In may of records, ofthe and Book Mormon the Price of is accepted Church by reformed same to Egyptian used way was the taking Harris'of a copyMartin Saints a as of Latterday Jesus It express rather words. used Hebrew was characters Professor Charles toNephite the standof holy than less because space.2 it occupied Hebrew scripture—oneChrist University, at ColumbiaAnthon New the of Church. ard by mean works Wefour tells of then story City. TheYork left), is (at photograph a The scripture, writings acbeen have which

helping the ProphetOliver Cowdery's of the characters copy taken from as having been the Church cepted by restorationtranslate, and of the the plates of the Book of Mormon authoritative, inspired, of the divinely hence

Aaronic Priesthood. and binding on each of the Church and just below it appear three lines

4. The Articles of Faith members. ofof theEgyptianEgyptiancharactersdemotic,beingthe usedtype

Articles of official the of copy An is in Pearl the item the lastFaith of Lesson Two therefore,at the timeit Lehiis writingleft Jerusalem;similar to and,that

information following Price.Great The plates. In brass on the found a making WRITING EGYPTIAN ANCIENT

origin of the theregarding lines comparison of the three taken from LANGUAGE AND Roberts'B. H.Faith, from is quoted Articles ofA the lines three the Nephite record and

Comprehensive History of the Church, I. Why Latterday Saints Should of ancient Egyptian demotic, one can

One other document of great historical Ancient Egypt and Their Decivery marked difference in the two and even doctrinal importance, was pubphering scripts. During a thousand years of

this of as time the Booklished about same history, to expect one Nephite would interested should people more be No 1842. spring of in the namely,Abraham, find the divergence from a marked made writings the in the language of story and is is called The WentwhatThis document especially characters, Egyptian when of the than ancient of members Egypt editor Letter. Wentworth, Mr.worth John last recalls of the the testimony one of Latterday Christ of Jesus Church proprietor the of Democrat, Chicagoand

his historian that people Nephite had conof statement ofsolicited Smith a Saints, the because Abraham Book Joseph cerning the history and doctrine of the and also the Book of Mormon records altered the Egyptian characters to fit

Church of the Latterday Saints, for his were written in certain types of Egyptheir own needs as well as the Hebrew that they Hampshire, of expressingfriend, ideas and Barstow, Mr. of New writings way characters. tian former The

that state. history of writing a writing was the this modifiedwho termed had of Egyptian the type recorded in were

this the request to WentworthResponding Egyptian. reformed

Letter was prepared by the Prophet. BeginLINES THREE CHARACTERS ARE THE TOP in birth Smith, thening with of Joseph Writings Egyptian Ancient The OF II. THE BOOK THE FROM BY PROPHET

in it traces admirable the demanner1805, THREE PLATES THE BOTTOM AND MORMONCOPIED

In order an undermay have DEMOTIC. that we LINES EGYPTIAN ARE

standing regarding the type of language:v-V: used by Father Abraham in making his

record and also the problems confronting Joseph Smith in translating that record, a brief description of the ancient fywumi1A?M&&&!*$%,,&*$fJb}ZC#% given.EgyptianThewritingslanguageorwentlanguagethroughwillthreebe

general steps from the beginning of

Egyptian history down to the time Lehi left Jerusalem; namely, the hieroglyphic,

the hieratic, and the demotic.

1. The Hieroglyphic

Probably as early as 3,000 B.C. the

Egyptians knew how to read and write.

They used a picturewriting known to us as hieroglyphic. By this term

velopment of the great latterday work, the characters that were used in Father is meant "sacred"(Greek hieros) (Greek "sculptured"inscriptions its settlement the to persecutions,story of up the Nephites while day, Abraham's "used ancient Egyptians glupho). The details the Saints also inof and Nauvoo; they their in records what wrote

1 principal purfor hieroglyphictheir two proscondition the prosperous happy and Egyptian. termed reformed The

.: letter written. the the at time first,pects events sacred to record and was poses to them, with.. Nephites Amerbrought

this (less hissix In of than a pages few their to decorate second, and, teachings; similar quite in scripture ica B.C. a 600 ittory) clear gives statement a remarkably Therepublic monuments. and temples to Testament to our Old down life the theof leading in events Prophet's either chiseled or these fore, people It the the time of Jeremiah. Prophet in the history the of together Church,and page) next (Continued on

its in plates doctrines, brass written modifiedwith of epitome has on an which was since been called "The Articles of Faith."2Sperry, Ancient Records in Papyrus and Stone,

... The combined directness, perspicuity, 'Mormon 9:32 page 24

OCTOBER, 1945 595

Melchizedek Priesthood Lesson Three gardingwrote thethisfollowing:young scholar, Dr. Sperry

DECIPHERING OF THE {Continued from preceding page) During this period a young French scholar ANCIENT EGYPTIAN

Champollion Francois the of Jean name bypainted hundreds of pictures hieroor LANGUAGE to destined took the problem and was upglyphics the stone their on surfaces of of hierodecipherer as a immortal fame win Stonetemples, tombs, public buildings, and 1. The Rosetta in France glyphs. on born Champollion was

monuments. Sometimes they were inThe ancient Egyptian language which the twentythird of December, 1790. Oddly

scribed on papyri, and, in many cases, was used throughout the entire country enough the day of the month, though not were buried in the dry sands of Egypt as the dominant tongue and mode of the year, in which he was born corresponds and preserved there for ages to come writing until after the conquest of Alexwith the Prophet Joseph Smith's anniverhis is It that interest defurther sary. offorth times in modern the under searchthe ander eventually Great forgotwas

at the hieroglyphs of place took ciphermenting of the eye archeologist. Naturally it ten, until not and comparatively was the that Smith Prophet time the about Josephthis of type language required great a it that recent times of a knowledge was first in visions. his died receiving was Hedeal of time to difficult write and was revived. Egyptian of become had one the just before years the three 1832, yearto read. time passed As and commerce the antiquity. languages of dead the Durof papyri from which Book Abraham

became an important factor in Egyping the latter part of the eighteenth cenwas translated came into the hands of the tian life, there was a need for a simpler, tury, many Europeans visited Egypt Prophet. It is one of the strange facts in

more concentrated type of writing. and observed the numerous hieroglyphthe history of the Mormon people that the

decipherment accomplished of Egyptian was ics the covered of the walls which an- 2. at that the the betime about Prophet same The Hieratic cient buildings public temples, but, and

in interested manuscripts Egyptian came This try as they in would, new style of writing gradually not the a scholar the in of which, and as Book Mormon we out It ofevolved hieroglyphic. the the to decipher is world was able Egyphave seen,2 has interesting connections with hieratic, to until us "its as receiving tian characters after theknown discovery Egyptian.

name from the fact that in the Graecoof the Rosetta Stone in 1798 by NapoRoman age ( 100 B.C. ) it was the usual leon's soldiers. Champollion succeeded in deciphering writings the Egyptian the Rosetonwriting priests Egyptian a military used by the Napoleon campaign was on

results ta Stone, of his 1824 the and in 'priestly'in (Greek hieratikos, )."3 Hieratof the Egypt when French some

ic is a shorthand of the Egyptian hierosoldiers, while working on a fortress marvelous accomplishments were pubglyphic; therefore, it was superior for at a place called Rosetta, came across a lished in his Precis du systeme hierocommercial purposes. It was also exlarge black stone of basalt covered with glyphique (Summary of the Hierotensively used by the Egyptian priests three sections of inscriptions, written in glyphic System ). That was a year after

for writing religious texts on papyrus. hieroglyphic, demotic, and Greek, rethe angel Moroni had appeared to the

(It is suggested that the teacher obspectively. Dr. Sperry described the Prophet Joseph Smith and had informed

serve with the class members the three stone as follows; him of the Book of Mormon records,

in written Egyptian, he reformed whichfacsimiles in given the of AbraBook This stone eventually as became famous to the and, receive through power was Price, of Pearlham, Great pages It 28, the feet, Stone. Rosetta three measures later translate. of the years God, Three 42. that34, Father It seems and Abrafeet, inches, nine four onehalf by two and received records the Prophet Nephite the the hieroglyphic both inches. used lines are fourteen and Thereham of hiero-

, less than years passed and two (1827) glyphic, lines thirtytwo of demotic, story. inhieratic his writing characters and

fiftyfour lines of Greek upon it. The stone, before he had completely translated a

3. The Demotic after being found, was removed to Cairo, large volume from these ancient charthere to be examined by learned men. Napoacters. (We are discussing Joseph

The third state in the development of leon was sufficiently interested to order the Smith's achievements as translator of the the language demotic Egyptian was inscriptions copied sent to and and well records, the as of Book Mormon 1 scholars 'popular'in societies learned demotikos, ). Accord- ( Greek Europe. stone The since of as that of the Abraham, Book

itself, however, the captureding was English Sperry: Dr. to by in written records ancient both were

placed and in exhibition the on British certain styles both, and of Egyptian or shortened form rapid a very This was Museum.

of hieratic used in the books and the docutherefore, have a certain relationship to ments written from about 700 B.C. to A.D. 2. Story of the Deciphering of the the problem under consideration.)

this of period470. During demotic much Egyptian Language

life, the daily writing ordinary of butwas The knowledge of Greek had never III. JosephInspiredSmithTranslatoras a Divinely chiseled is occasionally found upon even

lost to but, mankind, as previously itstone. will the given, dates be been From help could Just Joseph much how mentioned, hundreds of years had thatapparent Lehi and Nephi knew all scholthe received Smith from have

since passed there even they familiar one was withEgyptian been have man mayif if their solicited ars of the he world had left in this entire the of shortened form very Egyptian. world could read who the in deciphering assistance Nephite

itself in sort ofDemotic reformed a was hieroglyphic or symbols. demotic The Practically none. writings? ChampolEgyptian.* scholars readily deciphered the Greek practically lion the only renowned was the on Rosetta Stone corguessed and

if one, the scholar, only not knew whoGeneral Suggestion rectly that the sections other of two the regarding particular in anything writing contained the this information in material same lesson found and The in the characters, and he Egyptian was as the did section. Therefore, Greekthe that origin regarding the ones follow to his of work. midst According very

if, believed that they is aided the ofof the Greek by given Book much Abraham Sperry Dr.

section, they could the decipher in completely the EgypAdultmore M.I.A.

Manual for 19381939, written by Dr. tian characters on the Rosetta Stone, After the death of Champollion at the

scholars were fortyone of early age many they henceforth would have of the Sperry a key toSidney B. Brigham Young

his of interpretation of the accuracy dubious the language. Egyptian faculty. calledUniversity manual, The of impetus Egyptian. However, was new after scholar, Scholar representative inAncient Records and Testify Papyrus to of hieroglyphs the given study by RichStone, is helpful, and is the most comof the best paleographers in the world, ard Lepsius, a great German scholar, in one

plete study that has been made of the diligently worked during a period of of his publications at Rome in 1 837. Lepsius

background of the Book of Abraham. over twenty years to discover the key had submitted Champollion's principles of

It cannot be purchased now, as it is to the unknown tongue. In 1818, Jean decipherment to a penetrating reexamina-

Francois Champollion, a brilliant and therefore, leadprint; priesthood ofout tion and3 pronounced the foundations to be sound. class ambitious young French adult ers M.I.A. contact scholar who should

leaders in the individual wards in order had acquired a knowledge of Greek and The Prophet Joseph Smith's source to obtain access to it. The manual will also Egyptian geography, began an inof inspiration and information was

be very helpful in this course of study. tensive study of the Rosetta Stone. Remore potent than all the human scholar3Ibid.. 26 1Sidney B. Sperry, Ancient Records Testify in Hbid., 34

'Idem. Papyrus and Stone, pp. 3132 slbid., 36

596 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ship on the ancient Egyptian language its contents published by the Frenchman mummies. Up to this time, they had not

which existed in the world at that time. Champollion, another Frenchman, Anbeen taken out of the coffins, nor the coffins

coffins, disthe he opening opened. On inIt is of interest traveling to note greatest that the Sebolo, tonio while Egypt

the in of that with connection two covered in the ancientpaleographer of cataspent interested the over world became the rolled something with bodies up was country. thattwenty of years translating only page one and monuments combs linen, the with saturated of same same kind

of Egyptian hieroglyphic and demotic He procured license from Mehemet Ali, bitumen, which, when examined, proved to symbols while the Prophet of God then viceroy of Egypt under the probe two rolls of papyrus, previously mentranslated enough reformed Egyptian tection of Chevalier Drovetti, the tioned. Two or three other small pieces of

characters from the Nephite records to French consul, to excavate the catapapyrus, with astronomical calculations, make a book of over five hundred combs near the place where the reepitaphs, etc., were found with others of

printed pages, and he had the record in nowned city of Thebes once stood. the mummies. When Mr. Chandler disthat the covered something with there washis four possession hundred only ten year and one Sebolo "employed and

it that or supposed he mummies, might hoped this fourmonths job men, months and two when was mammoth or metal, valuable be diamonds some and soldiers for thecompleted Turkish and and ready the book thirtythreedays—Egyptian his dischagrined he was no little when saw

printer. In fact, during the last ninety at from four to six cents per diem, each appointment. He was immediately told,

days of this period, Joseph Smith, asman,"so the Prophet Joseph Smith rewhile yet in the customhouse, that there sisted by Oliver Cowdery, began on the ported. Finally, on June 7, 1831, Sebolo was no man in the city who could translate

small plates of Nephi and translated succeeded in opening a large catacomb his roll; but was referred, by the same gentleand recorded the entire Book of Morwhich contained several hundred mumman (a stranger), to Mr. Joseph Smith, Jr.,

mon. Of course the Prophet had studied mies. About a hundred were embalmed who, continued he, possesses some kind of

or gifts, which he had previously by ancientthe divine teachers neatly power after the record under first order were and translated similar characters.2 a certain in niches.during of or three hundred amount the year and placed Two

a half during which he had the records others were embalmed after the second Then Joseph Smith continues his acin his possession prior to the coming of and third orders and were laid upon the count as follows: "I was then unknown

Oliver Cowdery on April 5, 1828, to floor of the ground cavity. The first to Mr. Chandler, neither did he know

serve as his scribe. All of these facts order of embalming was rather expenthat such a book or work as the record

proclaim the Prophet Joseph Smith to sive, and so its use was limited primarily of the Nephites, had been brought bebe a divinely inspired translator of anto the deceased members of the royal fore the public. From New York, he

cient scriptures; and they also show that family or others of the Egyptian nobiltook his collection on to Philadelphia,

man plus God is more powerful than all ity. The second order could be afforded where he obtained the certificate of the

of the learned men in the world comfor a much larger group of people, and learned."(Cited in Sperry, pp. 4344.)

bined. their third order of embalming cost Since Mr. Chandler did not receive

practically nothing, since it consisted of any valuable treasures in the coffins

Lesson Four nothing more than soaking the body with his mummies, it seems that he de- "THE STORY OF THE BOOK of the deceased individual in a solution cided to make the best use of his new

OF ABRAHAM"of salt water. All of the mummies found gift by going from town to town and

by Sebolo were so badly decayed, with from city to city, exhibiting them to the

I. Introductory Statement the exception of eleven of the first order public at a nominal charge. In the MilThe title of this lesson and the one found in the niches, that they could not lennial Star we read that Chandler "evthat follows were used by Dr. Sidney be removed. Thereupon Sebolo took erywhere heard mention of Joseph

B. Sperry in the course of study for the these eleven, which constituted his diliSmith and the Book of Mormon, but so

adult department of the M.I.A. in 1938gently soughtfor treasure, and set sail generally associated with something

1939, as referred to in earlier lessons. for his homeland. slanderous, that he could scarcely think

The purpose of this and the succeeding On his way from Alexandria to Paris seriously of applying to him."Finally,

lesson is to tell the story of the book he became very ill and was forced to however, after he had exhibited his of Abraham briefly, primarily for the stop off at Trieste. Thereupon he willed mummies for more than two years, Mr.

convenience of those who do not have his mummies to his nephew, Michael H. Chandler arrived at Kirtland, Ohio, on

access to Dr. Sperry's more complete Chandler, who, he supposed, was living July 3, 1835, where the Prophet was

account. But it is recommended that in Ireland. Ten days later Mr. Sebolo residing.

in priesthood the of the teachersany treasures the Accordingly were Saints Purchase IV. The Four the to mandied. have accessgroups do who his uncle while sent to but Dublin, had Papyri Scrolls and Mummies in Testify PapyRecordsual, Ancient left in Chandler had been Mr. Egypt

rus and Stone, could use profitably the Ireland for America. Several accounts Thereupon "he called upon Mr.

many excellent details that Dr. Sperry of how Mr. Chandler came into possesSmith, to inquire if he had a power by

has quoted from original sources. In sion of the Egyptian mummies appear which he could translate the ancient

his book, by way of introduction, he in the journals of the leaders of the Egyptian. Mr. Smith replied that he

made the following observation: Church and in the early publications. had, when Mr. Chandler presented the

If a manuscript were to be found in the They all agree on the principal fundafragment which had been partially insands of Egypt written in Egyptian charmentals but one account has the mumterpreted. Mr. Smith retired into his

acters with the title of "The Book of Abramies arriving at London by the Thames translating room, and presently reit in the in sensation turned translation with cause written a aham,"would other while have accounts River them 3 to professscholarly world. people do Our English, the of fragment."It that to Dublin. been going have may

five containing but scripture such ahave of to each shipped reports the Oliver foregothe were mummies Cowdery writtenchapters Abraham which by was rightthat ing the in these the places as follows: event hope morning "The Mr. of the Chaldees and from Ur camewho

first his them. receive to presented Chandler ful owner would papyrus into land the ofeventually went down

Egypt.1 Brother Smith, he was shown by the

We shall now proceed to tell the III. EgyptianMichael MummiesH. Chandler and His latterupon athenumberwritingsof charactersof Mr. likeChandlerthose

in of thestory the which book manner the previously copied which from were the Eventually, however, mummies into the Latterday the of handscame plates, containing the history the of in of harbor the arrived City York New translated,Saints puband it was how Nephites, or Being of Mormon. Book spring winter the early or of duringlished, of as one accepted became and solicited to give Chandler Mr. an by notified that 1833. Chandler Mr. was scriptures.our antiquities, his opinion concerning or a willed his uncle him an Egyptian had

II. Antonio Sebolo Excavates treasure; thereupon he came to New translation of some of the characters,

Egyptian Catacombs York to receive it at the customhouse. Brother Smith gave him the interpretafor his satisfaction."* described tion of some few Prophet Joseph Smith after the The four years only In 1828, (Concluded on page 604) experience as follows: Chandler's deciphered Stone beenRosetta had and

'Sidney B. Sperry, Ancient Records Testify in In April of that same year, Mr. Chandler Millennial2Joseph Smith,Star,citedvolumein ibid.,3, pagepage46 4344

Papyrus and Stone, page 39 paid the duties and took possession of his Oliver Cowdery, cited in ibid., p. 49

OCTOBER, 1945 597

"Tiarovuc -Priest hoob CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Svppom ted to \Ji Elderassist theTempestPresidingwill beBishopriccalled uponin bothto AAR0NIC PRIESTHOOD branches of the Aaronic Priesthood LEADERS (L>xecutive Staff girls'work,programward teaching,and otherLatterdayresponsibilities.Saint 'T'he outline of study for the

'"Phe Presiding Bishopric is happy to At present, the new appointee is presNovember meeting of the

Leadership CommitBoy Ward of the East of ion. Jordan Stake present G. as ident Elder Henry Tempest

599. tee will on page be found activities Other include misChurch a the latest appointee the to executive

staff of the Presiding Bishop's office. sion to the Southern States in 1 92426

bishop for nine years; bishop's counselor; high councilman; chairman, Jorful service and varied experiences in

dan Valley Welfare Region; scoutthe Church during his entire lifetime

master; and others. linked with his unusual qualities of

It is a pleasure to welcome Elder leadership recommend him to the

Tempest and to enjoy the advantages Church in the discharge of the responof his assistance in our work. His faithsibilities of his new office.

Standard LJuorum, Jiward Afonor Koil for 1944 'T'he largest number of Standard QuoWe are now anxiously watching rum Awards ever to be approved your stride as you march toward 1945 by the Presiding Bishopric, coming out goals. Let's play on the winning team.

of the largest number of stakes, comThere are only a few weeks left to bined to make 1944 the banner year in establish this year's record. Checkup,

this activity. The record of 1238, includstep-up, and ringup for success.

ing nineteen awards for the Southern Join the 100% group listed at the top

States Mission, was accomplished in of the Honor Roll. To you who have

depletion of leadership the spite of madi- in this ambitions us of your terial the informed incident to other inroads and for best wishes our extend rection, we war.

The Presiding Bishopric commends all success.

leaders and members of the Aaronic Let us have no blanks this year. There

Priesthood for their combined efforts in are nineteen stakes to whom this earnest

HENRY G. TEMPEST establishing this alltime record. appeal is directed.

HONOR ROLL FOR 1944 No. No. No. No.

Stake Awards Stake Awards Stake Awards Stake Awards

Granite.... 100% 30 North Idaho Falls -..- 13 North Davis 7 Reno 3

Phoenix 100% 16 St.SouthGeorgeDavis 1313 NorthSouthernWeberArizona 77 SanSalt LakeDiego 33

So. Los Angeles100% 34 South Salt Lake 13 Washington 7 Smithfield 3

Highland 100% 23 CottonwoodBig Horn 1212 CacheMoapa 66 UtahSouth Box Elder 33

Sugar House 100% 30 Deseret—- - 12 Oakland 6 Bannock 2

Lake View 12 Portland 6 Burley 2

Rexburg 40 Los Angeles 12 Sacramento'6 Carbon 2

Pocatello 32 Mt. Ogden 12 SantaquinTintic 6 Chicago 2

Pioneer 29 Malad 11 Teton 6 Franklin 2

San Fernando 25 Bear Lake 10 Timpanogos 6 Gunnison 2

Ogden 24 Boise 10 Uvada 6 Lethbridge 2

Pasadena 22 Bonneville 10 Millard 5 Panguitch 2

Snowflake 22 North Sanpete 10 Oneida 5 Portneuf 2

Alberta 21 Sevier 10 Rigby 5 St. Johns 2

Emigration...21 Shelley 10 Weiser 5 South Sanpete 2

Star Valley 21 Uintah 10 West Jordan 5 South Summit 2

Inglewood 20 Wells. 10 Cassia 4 Tooele 2

Seattle: 19 Farr West 9 Denver 4 Union 2

Liberty 18 Idaho Falls 9 Gridley 4 Wayne 2

Long Beach 17 Kanab 9 Lehi 4 Woodruff 2

Mt. Graham. 17 Mt. Jordan 9 Morgan 4 Blackfoot 1

Ben Lomond 16 St. Joseph 9 Parowan 4 Blaine. 1

Big Cottonwood—.16 San Bernardino 9 San Francisco 4 Emery 1

Grant..16 Yellowstone 9 Sharon 4 Hyrum 1

East Jordan 15 Benson 8 Weber 4 Nevada 1

Maricopa...15 Ensign t 8 Alpine 3 San Juan 1

Palmyra 15 Nebo 8 Bear River 3 Young 1

Riverside....15 Park 8 Beaver 3 Zion Park 1

South Ogden 15 Roosevelt., 8 Juarez... 3 Total 1219

Kolob 14 Summit 8 Moroni 3 Taylor 14 Minidoka 7 North Sevier 3 Missions

Logan 13 Montpelier 7 Provo 3 Southern States 19 598 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

d)orf5 ftaching CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP

COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY WARD TEACHERS

NOVEMBER 1945 The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and strengthen them;

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with

By Roscoe Gilmore Stott each other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all theTopics and Questions—Chapter 17 members do their duty. ( D. & C. 20:5355.

"Use and Abuse of Novelty"

ideas designed developObjective: To to Ward Jeacker>6 e55aae for l/lovember, 1945 Priesthood the interest boy in Aaronic

activities.

1. Discuss: 'SERVICE'

a. arrest the boys'to can do to meet "What we planning how his were sons and bishop depression, a the uring

interest?"ruin. financial it mean would to meet Failure obligation. a difficult D b. of surprise"law "The sons made the of resources, one exhausted nearly their studied they As the 2. discussion class around Build a oversubscribed you of what part a only had "If father, his to we this remark the "selling boy": of psychology would challenge! a How Here was it easy."be would chapel the on new a. of point boy's view The investments their in his how mind reviewed he Carefully the in b. answer? father Creating the "want"a boy

c. The spice of variety and novelty had failed. Then he said, "The bank has closed, our stocks and bonds are

3. Discuss the author's suggestions: worthless. The livestock and remaining property may be lost to us, but

a. A "Win your Friend"campaign the chapel still stands with no depreciation. Furthermore, it contributes

b. "The boy next door"largely to a service that I am trying to render to this community. This

Of what practical value are these ideas service takes a lot of my time but it pays dividends in friends and in the in their relation to the Aaronic Priestjoy it brings to both them and me."

hood program? Here is an attitude not always displayed. Frequently Latterday Saints

they but chapels, do building of new to the contribute to called upon

It is upon receive? blessings they may of the nature dual theTopics and Questions—Chapter 18 areconsider

"How Much Stress to Athletics?"service that the emphasis of true living should be placed. The world

1. Discuss the following problems: recognizes and remembers only those who have been useful to it.

a. What are the advantages accruing Social trends that bear influence today, often lead to overindulgence in

to the boy through the medium of ease and pleasure seeking. Pleasure from the standpoint of diversion and

"athletics"? wholesome recreation is necessary. However, if indulged in to an excess,

b. To what extent has the Church it usually creates an insatiable desire for more, that is only satisfied so long

"athletics"? sponsored partying movies, at attendance daily playing, realized. it is Card being as

provision has been c. What by made ills, cheap, of reading their attendant halls with dance in taverns cheap and the in its building Church program all of the squandering perhaps worst and magazines, novels and worthless for the of social accommodation acpresent, the past, dishonors the "stains living in nothing. Such doing time of tivities?

d. Are you adequately promoting the and darkens the future."

athletic and social features of the In contrast it has been said that, "The highest of distinctions is service

Church's program for young men? to others."Service usually denotes devotion to a cause with an objective

If not, discuss possible improvethat carries beyond the present in which two or more persons are usually ments. benefited. Often it provides both the opportunity to serve and recreation.

Jonathan Edwards has said, "A man of right spirit is not a man of narrow and private views, but is greatly interested and concerned

God's Country thefor thecity goodor villageof theincommunitywhich he toresides,which andhe belongs,for the trueand welfareparticularlyof theof society of which he is a member."

(Concluded from page 558) In order to help people we must really love them, and to love them brings burdens their true, then this share If to expect should be we responsibility. trees inspirits behind and to hide deep their burdens joys, in sharing as well well and might as we sorrows and I hire to saddle two youcanyons. want never field there to service bear strength of In our the the own. acquire animal then and packhorses a and good

us. for job of unemployment. There each one is a be need place isolated the totake on some me

desert where there is a spring seldom "A poor man served by thee shall make thee rich;

visited by any one. There we will camp A sick man helped by thee shall make thee strong;

and make our bed on the ground, and Thou shalt be served thyself by every sense when we go to bed, I want you to tell Of service which thou me the legends of the Indians regarding renderest."—Browning

certain groups of stars; I want you to

point out the North Star and tell me how to find it; tell about the legend of

Orion and his two dogs, Sirius and lizards. That, to me, is in reality God's their last respects to Richard W.

Procyon, and how he had his eyes put country."Young.

out, but his sight was restored by his Not long after this I stood beside his Just where is God's country? To me

faith; tell me about the animals we find casket, an honorary guard, while hunit is any place where I am free and hapand especially about the snakes and dreds of his friends walked by, paying py, regardless of conditions.

J/7 OCTOBER, 1945 Ancienf Temples (Continued from page 573) vested with the high priesthood. Descendants of Aaron were sent to assist

him, and Levites were employed in the

PALMYRA temple service.

STAKE This temple was open until the time

Y.W.M.I.A. of Emperor Vespasian, when it was

MEETING ordered closed.

RECOGNIZING The relations between the Jews in

HONOR Jerusalem and those in Egypt seem to

BEES have been cordial, for in the Apocryphal

II Maccabees, chapter 1, there is a very brotherly letter advising the people in

Egypt to celebrate the Feast of the

Dedication in the month of Chislev, corresponding to our December, and more particularly at the time of the winter solstice—our Christmas!

Book of Mormon Temples CeveralBook templesof Mormon.are mentionedNephi builtin thea

ST. CHARLES WARD CHOIR, BEAR LAKE STAKE

It can be done—maintaining a choir in a small

ward.

The photograph was taken recently of the choir in their respective seats, in the St. Charles Ward Chapel,

Bear Lake Stake.

Since 1864, the first year St. Charles was settled

under Elder Charles C. Rich, singing schools and

practices have been maintained. Years before an

organ could be bought, a tuning fork was used for pitch and singing was a cappella.

The present chorister, Neils Wilhelmsen, has led the choir for the past twenty years and during that time the choir has put on two operettas, one pageant, special choral programs, furnished music for a number in choirs assisted conferences, other of stake and

Upper: Palmyra Bees. Lower, Stake Honor 194445, Keepers Stake Bee Zabriskie, Margaret festivals. the music Brother stake Wilhelmsen was

Enid Lawrence, first Elva Killian; President and G. Counselor LucyI. to r.:Cannon;Palmyra Verna Goddard, first W. Second and leader for singing, congregational William M. and

Counselor Lucy T. Andersen, general of the Y.W.M.I.A. board, Sarah and of the general Summerhays board his Allred, T. wife, John Barker John Windley and and

Bee committee. Hive sister, T. Virgin, also were Barker Mary Mercy Ann

called to take their turn in leading.

CAST OF "SHUBERT ALLEY."PRESENTED BY SALT LAKE STAKE M.I.A., WITH MINNIE D. MARGETTS, DIRECTOR

Ancient Temples

temple soon after his departure from his elder brothers in their first settlement.

It is stated that it was constructed after the manner of the temple of Solomon;

only, it was less elaborate. (II Nephi

5:16.) Curiously enough, Josephus,referring to the temple of Onias in From the swift wartime research

Egypt, uses practically the same expression as Nephi. He says, "Onias

God,built an altar to a temple and but smaller like, that perfected a super motor fuel in Jerusalem,indeed, to that and poorer."

In this temple Jacob, after the death of Nephi, in accordance with a command of the Lord, delivered the disfor America's fighting planes course in which he rebuked the

Nephites for their covetousness and unthat the predictedchastity and becauseites never be destroyed, would Lamanhas come a great new gasoline they had kept their marriage covenants.

(Jacob 2:1214; 2335; Jacob 3:6.)

in the of a temple read also We land for your car. This is the finest 1:18; 2:1-5) (Mosiahof Zarahemla

where the people gathered to hear King

Benjamin, when he abdicated in favor and (2:29, 30)of his son Mosiah

that, gave gasoline Standard of California because to understandthe people of the covenant they had made with

God, they would be called the children daughters his sons and his Christ,of

Finally, there 5:6-11). was a has ever developed for motorists.(Mos.

temple in the land of Bountiful, where, after the crucifixion, our Lord manidays'conin a three himself andfested the entire revealedference anew plan We'dlikeyou to tryit of salvation, as recorded in III Nephi, chapters 1 1 to 26, inclusive.

A Temple at Cuzco \\Je*"anyhaveof nothedetailedtemples descriptionmentioned ofin the Book of Mormon, but, undoubtedly, they were as gorgeous as the economic circumstances of the people would permit.

William H. Prescott describes, after

Sarmiento, and others, the Peruvian temple at Cuzco, which, even if not originally built by Lamanites, suggests a Nephite or Lamanite model.

Mr. Prescott says it consisted of a

principal building and several inferior chapels, completely encompassed by a wall, all constructed of stone. The interior of the temple was literally a mine

of gold. On the western wall was amassive plate of gold of enormous SUPREME GASOLINE

dimensions, thickly powdered with

It stones. and preciousemeralds was so STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA

of the morning the rayssituated that sun fell directly upon it at its rising, lighting the whole apartment with an effulgence that seemed more than natural, and which was reflected back from the golden ornaments with which the walls and ceiling were everywhere incrusted. (Evidently an attempt to

provide a substitute for the glory of

God in the temple of Solomon.) The

cornices which surrounded the walls were of gold, and a frieze of the same metal let into the stone work encompassed the whole exterior edifice. All

the utensils intended for sacred purposes were of gold or silver. AVAILABLE AT STANDARD STATIONS, GARAGES AND CHEVRON GAS STATIONS

( Concluded on page 602 OCTOBER, 1945

finally and, EliAncient Temples honorablymay those andprinciples,nobly defended,which werenamelyso jah,Thenthe Eliaslatterappeareddeclaring that the time (Concluded from page 601) the Constitution or our land, by our had come for his appearance before the

Tt is not necessary to go into the details fathers, be established forever."(D. & great and dreadful day of the Lord.

of the history of the modern tem- C. 109:54.) "Therefore,"he said, "the keys of this

ples. The subject is fully covered by In answer to the dedicatory prayer, dispensation"—the great and dreadful the Church historians. But a concludJesus appeared on Sunday, April 3, day of the Lord—"are committed into

ing word may be permitted. 1 836, and assured his servants that this your hands; and by this ye may know

that great the dreadful the and day of the beginning blessings of the The Kirtland Temple which was was is near, at even Lord the doors."(D. & shall "which his dedicated be poured out upon on Sunday, March 27, 1 836,

was the scene of the most glorious manipeople."(D. & C. 110:10.) C. 110:16.)

festations since the dedication of the "Wherefore, stand ye in holy places, Then appeared Moses comand until and not be the moved temple the of day of Solomon.

mitted to Smith Oliver Joseph and it for behold, Lord come; cometh quickprayer The dedicatory was given of the by "the keys Cowdery gathering ly, saith the Lord. (D. Amen."C. & revelation. It was prompted Israel of by the the four parts from the of

. 87:8.) Spirit of the Lord. And among other earth, and the leading of the ten tribes

petitions this find mercy, we: "Have the land of proph- O from the north"—a

all the nations Lord, upon earth; of the etic declaration is being fulfilled which have mercy upon the rulers of our land; before our eyes today. The Editor's Page

(Concluded /rom page 561 nity, and where they can go and do the work for their dead! The people of the

world do not have this blessing. I wonif it? der appreciate we

Latterday Saints that As know we It Won't Be Long Noware of descendants men and God, we want to trace our genealogy back to our Heavenly Father. The genealogical

Winter is just around the corner ingsocietythis hasinformation,spent yearsandof otherstime collectspend years of time going into the House of the Lord to be baptized for those who

GIVE YOUR CAR andare dead,childrento havesealedhusbandsto one another,and wivesto unite the family as our Heavenly Father has instructer that we should: What protection do.wouldIt askwouldhimselfbe thewellquestionif each of us VICO am I doing about it? Am I doing my

part? Our Heavenly Father told the

These things need to be done people through Joseph Smith that, unthe performed for our less we work sooner or later—why not now? dead, blessings, would lose we our own

and we would be cut off, and one of the 1. Radiator flushed, supplied with antifreeze. very last things that the Prophet tried

to do was to complete a temple in 2. Fan Belt inspected, replaced if necessary. which the people could go and perform

work for their dead. That is how im-

3. Hose Connections checked, replaced if necesportant it is. It has to be done by somesary. one.

Let us instruct our young people in 4. Crankcase drained, flushed, refilled with new these matters from their earliest youth,

Vico Motor Oil. so that when they approach the time

of marriage, there will be no question 5. Oil Filter and Air Cleaner checked. in their minds as to where or how or

by whom that sacred ordinance should be the only in place Specialized 6. performed—and Chassis Lubrication with guaranwhich for time performed be it may and teed Vico Lubricants. for is eternity in a temple. after And

have been we of the to the House Lord 7. Transmission and Differential lubrication with for blessings, let us think of our own

guaranteed Vico Lubricants. our responsibility to our forebears.

What will be your reception when you

O. Tires checked, switched, recapped if necessary. go on the other side? Will you be the

one they will reach out to and bless 9. Battery tested, recharged, replaced if necesthroughout the ages of eternity, or will

. sary. you be like the brother who was selfishly working out his problems here and

10. Heater, Spark Plugs, Lights checked. letting those who could not help themselves go on without his help?

This tenth temple of this dispensation, which we now dedicate, with all of the

FOR BETTER CAR CARE other temples which have been or yet

Sea Your Nearest Utah Oil Refining Company will be dedicated, will prove to be a

Distributor, Station or Dealer blessing beyond measure to all those

VICDPEP 88 CIRCLE *5pr7**r privilegewho worthilyof usingavail it,themselvesboth for ofthemthe selves and for their kindred dead.

602 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA '- * -< ->.-

I QVQTnUI 4n* +ka FUR Mill

They've done it again—the all -American Farmall is first today. Farmall Power made

team of farmers with their mechanized army mechanized farming practical and efficient for of tractors and farm equipment! the average farm.

They have produced another bumper crop, And now, as farm work tapers off at year's even though there have been too few new end, give serious thought to 1946. More Farmalls

machines to go around. In fact, many of the are coming... the same great family of tractors

crops that have moved to market, feedlot, barn in sizes for all needs... the sturdy "A"and "B,"

and crib this year have been produced with and the powerful "H"and "M,"with specialized machines that in normal times would have been equipment for every crop and every season.

"retired"long since. Farmers and dealers have Meanwhile, it is good business to put your

repaired them—kept them working. present Farmall and equipment in good condiThrough the busy months from seedtime to tion for next year. The International Harvester

harvest, farmall tractors and the farmall dealer, with his modern service facilities and system have led the way on the food front. stocks of Genuine IH Parts, is ready to help you.

It has been the same story through the 22 INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY years of Farmall's history. Farmall was first. 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

Fit FARMALLS Into Your Symbol of Service Soil Conservation Program in 1946—

to the American Farmer Use your regular, standard farm equipment for contour farming, terracing, strip cropping. Back up the

This symbol means "Product of International fight to save productive soil. Contour farming is

Harvester."It is the mark of quality and natural farming. Profitable, too. See your local soil

experience... a new emblem by which our conservationist or county agent; or consult the HarCompany dedicates its tractors, trucks, and vester dealer about your plans and problems.

equipment to Your Service.

FARMALL Leads the Way Today

OCTOBER, 1945 603

MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOODye ffieu/dneadi* (Concluded from page 597) they were found."One of the papyrus

But probably the most interesting scrolls was written by Father Abraham statement made relative to what took and the other by Joseph who was sold place between Mr. Chandler and Joseph into Egypt. Just how much money was

Smith was recorded by the Prophet in paid for these valuable antiquities is not his journal: "On the 3rd of July ( 1 835 ) known, but a statement appeared in the

Michael H. Chandler came to Kirtland Alexandria Gazette that they were

to exhibit some Egyptian mummies. purchased at the suggestion of Joseph

There were four human figures, together Smith "for a large sum of money."

with some two or more rolls of papyrus Oliver Cowdery reported the purchase covered with hieroglyphic figures and of Mr. Chandler's relics as follows:

devices. As Mr. Chandler had been You will have understood from the foretold I could translate them, he brought going, that eleven mummies were taken from

me some of the characters, and I gave the catacomb, at the time of which I have

Soon, you can take that long him the interpretation, and like a gentlebeen speaking, and nothing definite having their to disposal, with said I may, as been trip planned certifithe following the of Seven propriety a few words. add the lands of Kirtland, toWest—the Wonderto the mancate: he gave me July for purchased, eleven 6, 1835 said were by gentlemen

silent, mysterious mountains This is to make known to all who may be private museums, previous to Mr. Chandand the towering waterfalls. desirous, concerning the knowledge of Mr. ler's visit to this place, with a small quantity

Joseph Smith, Jun., in deciphering the anof papyrus, similar, (as he says), to the

As soon as they can be procient Egyptian hieroglyphic characters in astronomical representation, contained with

I rolls, previously present the of which two in I have, possession, which many emiduced, Overland Greyhound my gentlethe remaining four spoke, and and, learned; by to the most cities, showed nent

will be ready with new, luxfrom the information that I could ever learn, men resident here.

are themselves the a mummies Though Smith, that of I find with, Joseph Mr. meet in or you—calwell astonishment, and an in the minute matcuriosity, to most correspond Jun., to see newfound urious busescomfort—to take the culated to arouse of mind to a reflection Chandler, ters. Michael H.

the best in the west. Traveling with, and proprietor of, past ages, when men strove, as at this day,

Egyptian Mummies.5 to immortalize their names, though in another manner, consider not of yet I do them AIR CONDITIONED BUSES the four and mummies The 'with value records compared papyri much those8 in his possesChandler had which Mr. them. which with were deposited OVERLAND sion when he arrived at Kirtland were The story of the Book of Abraham

of the purchased Mormons. by One will in the continued lesson. be next We the of these body mummies was a womshall incidents present the connectedGREYHOUND1/AfJFS the three other of bodies were an, and translating the with publishing and of Operated by

It the that papyri seems were men. INTERSTATE writings the the final of LINES TRANSIT and Abraham

preserved in the family of the Pharaohs disposition of the mummies and the "and afterwards hid up with the empapyri.

balmed body of the female with whom 'Oliver Cowdery to William Frye, Latterday 5Joseph Se ith. History of the Church, volume 2, Saints'Messenger and Advocate, volume 2, number 3,

page 235 pages 235237

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN ( Concluded from page 594 consciously demonstrated the truth of seminary, fortysix students organized a the Word of Wisdom as a law of physiRefrainers'Club in November 1943. cal health. Sixty young Latterday

All signed the following pledge AgriculturalSaints, graduatesCollege,or thewereUtahcalledStateto

I pledge loyalty to myself and to the memactive duty with the United States bers of this club by refraining from the use army. Upon completing basic training

of tea, coffee, tobacco, and alcoholic beverin California, and while awaiting further

I will help I will use them. not ages. make clearance, transferred to they were

them. that others use it possible do not Carolina, to underNorth Camp Davis,

Since these beginnings, many similar go a strenuous officer training program.

groups have been formed. Especially Theirs was competition with the naamong servicemen has the idea become tion's best, a survival of the fittest. SOILOFF popular. At the Farragut Naval Station Those who completed the course rehas kept my home new and is one of the largest groups. At the sugceived the bars of army lieutenants;

sparkling for ten years..."gestion of Seaman Clair Anderson, himthose who failed returned to the ranks.

says Mrs. Iva Kecne self from Blackfoot, Idaho, L.D.S. Competition was keen in academics,

of Los Angeles. Calif. Chaplain Richards organized a chapter and especially severe in physical trainamong the Latterday Saint sailors ing. But here the L.D.S. boys were outQuick V easy SoilOff is ready to there. Their requirements also were standing. It is no exaggeration to state

use. There's no muss. Cleans paintadherence to the Word of Wisdom. A that you could identify the Mormoned walls and woodwork like dustlarge number of men formerly addicted dominated platoons easily by simply

ing. Never harms paint, gloss or to the use of tobacco and liquor have watching them at work. On forced

obvious; their endurance of Chaplain Richmarches the advice was followed

in excelled; sports they to discontinue in competitive themselves hands. Get a sparkling blue bottle. ards, pledged

It's approved by millions. SoilOff, their use, and are today strong memcalisthenics and physical hardening

Glendale, Calif., Decatur, 111. bers of the organization. Total memthey led their classes. It was apparent

bership of abstainers at Farragut has to all observers that these Mormon lads

NO WATER grown to over five hundred men and were in superior physical condition.

NO RINSING women. And many were the questions asked by

NO DRYING And not long ago on the other side curious observers. And of course the

of the United States another group of answers were explanations of gospel

THE ORIGINAL LIQUID CLEANER men in another branch of service untruths awaiting such an introduction.

604 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Church Moves On (Continued from page 583) A GREAT NEW STORY their season's run about May 1, when the asparagus, first crop of the season, was ready. These canneries, and others

throughout the Church's welfare system, will again be used this summer and fall by members in their food conservation programs.

S.U.P. Luncheon Club

Olans are underway to organize a THE PRINCE OF UR, by Susa Y.

luncheon Pioneers Sons of the Utah Gates and Leah D. Widtsoe—an after the Salt club, patterned Lake

club, in each city or town in the orhistorical novel based on the life ganization's seven districts of the state of Abraham in the land of the to according Harold H. of JenUtah, story filled with the Chaldeans—a of president elected son, newly S.U.P. Mr. Jenson succeeded Lawadventure and romance—the adrence Epperson. Other new officers are venture of an old world stirring

of succeedOgden, Foulger T. Orson horizons, find the urge to with new

first vice president; as Elggren ing A. J.

... the rofreedoms and new succeeding Richard Gay- H. Wootton,

len S. Young as second vice president; mance of ageless youth.

and John O. Simonson, third vice president, succeeding Randall L. Jones. Don

B. Colton was appointed chaplain and "... and THE

ail SPOKEN WORD"PRINCE THE OF UR is a book advocate. judge Three new Young, Mr. L. Richard by

also directors been chosen: Newel 142 have Evans. pages. will enjoy, teenagers from up. Ac-—Hardy, Ralph F. Josephson, W. who$1.50hear and J. tion starts on the very first page Harper.They Salt City.—ReLake Malin, all of A. the gorgeous

oi the City ported by Harold Jenson. and carries the reader through to resonanceSalt Lake

the climax of this stirring oriental choir and organ

B.Y.U. Library pageant. The life of the people, areto the accustomedbrief sayteacher of library of a Young UniBrighamHPhe

rare the has received recently versity has thirtheir customs, manners, culture, ingswhofaculty of imarchitecture, pressing sogovernment axioms and with Church teen old volumes dealing of life. print In of Professor history. B. F. Cummings cial structures are skillfully these broadcasts woven

reveal the gift, faculty, the made who disinto that sets story a-tingle the sonian a ancharmAdditrunk. old family in an covered them which them

of blood loves life. everyone is into literature. Well indexed, herelifts who a

Bishops, Presiding Eiders For your reading this winter... classic,realities anto a examplemodern world.of how to put ancient

Times.Riverside Ward, Bear River Stake, Leland or as a gift for a friend... be sure—New York

succeeds Udy. Thomas J. Capener the novel, to get THE PRINCE OF Stake, Daniel River Bear Snowville Ward, B D D K CRAFT Nelson. succeeds Daniel G. Price, $2.00.A. Hickman UR. ST., IB RICHARDS SALT LAKE CITY

Denver First Ward, Denver Stake, Delmont H. White succeeds Elmo C. HigginFILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON

son.

Hiawatha Ward, Carbon Stake, CarlosG. Larsen succeeds Claude L. Erickson. BDDKCRAFT18 Richards Street, Salt LakeCOMPANYCity 1, Utah

Price Second Ward, Carbon Stake, Please Send the Books Checked Below:

George C. Morgan succeeds Frank D. The Prince of Ur $2.00 Constancy Amid Change.$2.00Bryner. By Susa Y. Gates—Leah D. Widtsoe By A. E. Bowen

$2.00 $1.50 Race God's Covenant The Spoken "and Word"Franklin Stake, Er- a Preston First Ward, H. Anderson Richard By James L. Evans By

Jr., succeeds Eberhard,nest C. Earl of $1.00 $2.00 Thought Nuggets the Golden and Dragon Man

Goaslind. By Dr. John A. Widtsoe By Ezra L. Marler

the California and Book Falls Falls G Military Idaho Second Idaho Ward, $1.75 By D SamMormonsBrannan Georgeof RemembranceR. Gygi...$1.50 succeeds L.Stake, Parley LanceJameson Bailey $2.25 By Paul Kingdom The Gospel

lot P. Nielsen. By John Taylor Winston International Bible No. 157....$6.50

International No. 115....$3.25 Bible Smith: Winston ProphetStatesman $2.25 Li Joseph Lorin D Sixth Logan Logan Stake, Ward, $1.50 Bible Dr. Reader's No. 214-C G. By Homer Durham succeedsE. H. Parker. Crookston Aubrey. $3.50 Apostle Reconciliations $1.85 The Evidences and O

Dr. Asch By Sholem Branch, A. Widtsoe John By Beach Huntington Long Beach

Story Bible $2.50 $3.00 DHurlbut's Young, The ColonizerStake, Darvel B. McBride succeeds Elliott Brigham

Dr. R. Milton By J. ofL. theHurlbut Hunter ByWoodhouse. $2.00 Discovers Mormonism $3.50 Setting Western Her Utah in i J A Skeptic

Gilbert Ward, Maricopa Stake, Freeman By Dr. Milton R. Hunter By T. W. Riggs

Street Dolphin Green His $2.25 Mansions Many Arthur succeedsCooley F. Haymore. Elizabeth By Goudge $3.00 Rulon S. Howells By Pocatello Pocatello Stake, Second Ward, Let's Talk About $2.50 You Glory For This MyRay G. Davis succeeds Clarence StephenBy Paul Bailey By Marguerite Harmon Bro $1.50

$3.00 Valley Saint $2.50 Pleasant The Gay Dson.

Bromfield By Louis Paul Bailey By Pocatello Eighth Ward, Pocatello Stake, $3.50 from The Best 51.25 of the Times Signs "Yank"

Oel C. Hess succeeds Alton M. Alexander. By Joseph Fielding Smith By the editors of "Yank"

$2.50 So Well of Priceless Assorted Remembered Value....$2.00 Gems D Portneuf Arimo Stake, Heber Ward, Hilton B. By N. Lundwall James By

succeedsOlson Henderson. Robert $2.50 Hills W. Years the Green $1.50 The Unto J. D A. J. Cronin Richard By L. Evans By Homestead Stake, Sacramento Ward,

$3.00 Wife $1.50 Immortal succeedsJoseph H. Petersen Perry Irving Stone By E. This Day ByandRichardAlwaysL. EvansTingey.

O. D. Send C. Payment enclosed Annabella Sevier Stake, Ward, South

William Bliss Daniels succeeds Lloyd N. Name

Gleave. Address

(Concluded on page 606) OCTOBER, 1945 605. )

The Church Moves On Industrial Tractors and Engines ( Concluded from page 605

Loaders Cranes Snow PlowsMowers - Brooms EliMonroeM. LundgreenNorth Ward,succeedsSouthA, E.SevierLyle Stake,Asay.

Riverton Second Ward, West Jordan

Stake, Thomas A. Callicott succeeds Franklin E. Seal.

Mayfield Ward, Gunnison Stake, Udell

Christiansen succeeds Lester Hansen.

Talmage Ward, Moon Lake Stake,

Claude C. McDonald succeeds Leon M.

Burton.

LeRoy Broadbent succeeds George ACK of every "CaterCharles

A. Francom. B Payson Fourth Ward, Nebo Stake,

West Layton Ward, North Davis Stake, pillar"product is a recFrank Hickenlooper succeeds Calvin D.

Corbridge.

Fort Hall Branch, Pocatello Stake, Irven ord of unmatched reliChristensen succeeds A. Kenneth Draper.

Woodland Branch, Sacramento Stake,

Eugene M. Stoddard succeeds Glenn Warability and performance ren.

Sacramento Ward, Sacramento Stake,—large parts stocks—Waltergal. L. Cox succeeds Herman A. SteinSanford Ward, San Luis Stake, Wilford

R. Morgan succeeds Renold C. Johnson.

trained servicemen Emery Ward, St. Joseph Stake, Gove L.

Allen succeeds Otto N. Holyoak.

and the integrity of RobbertChesterA. BlanchardWard, Yellowstonesucceeds W.Stake,ArthurDelBlanchard.

Redmesa Ward, Young Stake, Arthur M.

ison Machinery Co. and Lattimore succeeds J. Clarence Slade.

Excommunications Caterpillar Tractor Co. THE following excommunications have

been reported during the past month:

Myrtle E. Mauss Andrew, born November 1894, female. Excommunicated August

8, 1945, in the Eldredge Ward, South Salt

Lake Stake, for joining the socalled Order of Aaron.

Gladys Estelle Bryant, born December 11, 1890, female. Excommunicated August

8, 1945, in the Liberty, Mississippi, Branch,

Southern States Mission, for apostasy.

Viola L. Stone Card, born February 5,

1899, female. Excommunicated August 8,

1945, in the Eldredge Ward, South Salt

Lake Stake, for joining the socalled Order of Aaron. ROBISO Karl R. Dehaas, born September 11, 1895, M ACHIN ER Y CO. elder. Excommunicated July 19, 1945, in the

Pennsylvania District, Eastern States 245 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH East

Mission, for apostasy.

Lily Fink, born February 2, 1923, female.

Excommunicated July 11, 1945, in the Southgate Ward, South Salt Lake Stake, for apostasy and joining the socalled Order of

Aaron.

Mary Fink, born February 4, 1921, female. Excommunicated July 11, 1945, in

the Southgate Ward, South Salt Lake Stake, for apostasy and joining the socalled Order

One of the best Missionary books in print of MaryAaron.Bangerter Fink, born September 20,

female... 1888, 11, Excommunicated July OffER "A Skeptic WE 1945, in Salt the Southgate Ward, South A COMPLETE

for the joining Stake, soLake apostasy and Discovers SERVICE ENGRAVING Mormonism"called of Aaron. Order Portraits Missionary to the Largest like it. From people young The

3, Hollings, 1882, Ernest born December Catalogues. $1.50 mail By postpaid

9, seventy. 1945, Excommunicated August Mail Attention Prompt Agents Orders Given Wanted

in the Twentyfirst Stake, Emigration Ward, for joining the socalled of Aaron. Order CO. ENGRAVING UTAH TIMBERLINE RIGGS Atta, 'Elaine 31, born Ruth March Von 113 Regent St. Salt Lak City, Utah OVERTON, NEVADA 1926, female. 18, Excommunicated July

1945, in the San Jose Ward, San Francisco

Stake, for apostasy.

Claude F. Weight, born March 3, 1879,

For the Improvement of Your Home and Your Library high priest. Excommunicated July 17, 1945,

12 issues THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $2.00 injoiningthe Provothe socalledFirst Ward,OrderProvoof Aaron.Stake, for

606 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA On the Bookrack \W,/ 560) {Concluded page from the in boggy field Does changeable weather will win fameteller. He

of literature, if he will view life as a whole, himself, confine here done, as notand hospital healthy, redthere are wards. to affect your baby's And

blooded episodes within "Mormonism"to fill many a coming book.

It must be said, finally, that discerning milk?

readers of novels, within and without the "Mormon"Church, are heartily tired of books that caricature or malign the good people who wrested civilization from the It depends on the kind of milk.

deserts. is there revulwestern Especially a

sion of feeling the deIf it's Sego Milk, the following this is done by when scendants of the pioneers. J. A. W. essential qualities are always

I DREAM DAY OF THE the same: Digestibility—Sterilization and Milne.(Caleb Longmans, Green, and Co.,New York. 1945. 122 pages. $2.00.) Safety—In its sealed can, Sego homogenization make Sego

"Crom the letters of a sensitive young man Milk is always as surely safe Milk more readily digestible. It

*- who, rejected by the army because of as if there were no germ of is always softcurd milk.

for eyesight,poor volunteered ambulance disease in the world. Services, the with Fieldwork American Vitamin D—Enriched with 400has been poign- a and deeply moving wovenant story of war in the East African camRichness—Hounits of vitamin D, Sego Milk

paign during its most critical period. mogenized and provides an adequate amount

carries a preface Marjorie from The book in in stand ard ized, of this precious sunshine vitaKinnan Rawlings she states which part, "One feels humble and a little frightevery drop is min for the building of strong ened that for us, such has died a man unalways unibones and sound teeth, and for..timely.. Shall kill to continue off our we

Rupert Brookes, our Joyce Kilmers, our formly rich. the best of growth.

Caleb Milnes, and be as stupid as before?"

A gifted writer, he was moreover a keenanalyst. One of the most beautiful of his SEBD MILK PRODUCTS COMPANY

letters becomes ironic in the clear light of Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West logic. He had been driving some German Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl, Idaho

wounded back from the front lines, and found a book that had fallen from one of the torn knapsacks. "In the shielded ray

of my flashlight, I could read the title inthat curious German script—'An Introduction to Mozart.'... I took the book back

to the front with me that night, for written in the flyleaf by my unknown passengerwere two words, that, like music and mediGOSPEL FUNDAMENTALS cine, were above enmity. They were

Goethe's words: Licht,''Mehc more light!"for

But the full of book is a natural TODAY humor.

this: toListen "I have never realized so THE RESTORATION OF ALLacutely the excellence of American comfort

as I do now.... Vitamins and bathrooms THINGS, by Joseph Fieldingcertainly do leave their mark, no matter Smith—a book filled with the

thinks."what one acprophets—

had He the reasoning volunteered to help the fighting /restoration companiedwisdom of theby

French under Leclerc, General givand was of scholar, the admonition aing aid Legionnaire to a wounded when of fearless for warrior a AGINGS struckwas shell. by a mortar died He he OF... righteousness a book thataround the 4:30 In letter same day. a which

he desired to be sent to his mother in case will help you and your famhisof death, he wrote, "Being forgotten ily true to the in keep course isn't if very important the ideals and of that the face stormsthoughts that one of was made on go and keep alive."—M. C. /. trouble the world.

MILITARY BOOK OF =FILL OUT AND MAIL THIS COUPON=REMEMBRANCE (Compiled by George R. Gygi. Bookcraft

Company, 18 Richards Street, Salt Lake 18 RichardsBDDKCRAFTStreet, Salt Lake City 1, UtahCity. 64 pages. $1.50.)

Please send books below: checked

of AllHThis book is beautifully produced, includ-,S6PH Restoration Things JJ1.75

-* Fielding Smith Joseph By ing pictures the of General Authori-.11.25 Net Gospelties of the as well Church as leading national In the A. Widtsoe Dr. John By

figures, and excerpts in Setting significant from $3.50 Western Utah Her writ- $175 R. Dr. Milton Hunter Byings such as the Declaration of Independfig its forth tree leaves. $2.25 put has Gospel The Kingdomence, the and Gettysburg Address. There Taylor By John all is here, love is "TheThe and summer whoplenty of for writing His significant room of Mansions $2.35 Many forth that the to are Lord looking S. Rulon Howells Byhappenings in life the of a serviceman or shall great come. day enclosed [j when C.O.D. Payment He.."D iswoman, and space provided for pasting Fielding Smith..—Josephclippings or not what to which those come Name in the service of their country. most Of Addressinterest to Latterday Saints fact that is the

placea is indicated for BDDKCRAFTSt., Salt Lake City 1, Utah service Church and 18 Richards

for ordinations in the priesthood.—M. C, J.

OCTOBER, 1945 607 A GRACIOUS GESTURE {Concluded from page 581) this ingoodness, JLhank to ask, she to?"managed "Where getting near her terminable ride was right nondegree of careful the to put

the with as she Unfamiliar was home. question. into the chalance

city, landrecognized she one or two joint. girls another "Beer want The direction general the marks, and knew it slip this place'll to us,"drink, and

ice queershaped cream of home—the disPhil and murmured, was Lyn Mary that in the factory, the road curve and mayed.

a short downhill through giddily snaked isolated place they came to was The last their long house park. was own At six foaming waiter small. put and The

her, their door, front at and coming own of them. beer before mugs

her. mother's about arms her own "I didn't Lyn. order—"began Mary

"Nobody did, but you have to buy if "Oh, Mary Lyn! Mary Lyn! What

you come in,"Phil said. "Try it. It's happened?"

only 3.2."But Mary Lyn couldn't stop sobbing

"No, thank you,"said Mary Lyn. I to answer her mother's questions.

asked for this, she told herself pasEarly the next morning, she had resionately. Now she was definitely sure covered enough to tell her mother the

that this was not the place, these were whole sorry business. The telephone

not the people for her, but there was was ringing.

it stick to nothing but out, now. do answered. her mother Lyn?""Mary All the apparent the manners, good

crisp over voice that came good The the early evening sudof were breeding familiar. the wire was gone. denly

"I want to go home,"she said to Phil. "I could hardly wait until morning to

"Sure,"said Phil. "In a minute. call you,"said Regis King. "Thank

We'll all go home in a minute."goodness you got home safely. I've

But they didn't. The beer kept comkicked myself all night that I didn't get

ing. It was worse than a nightmare to you away from that crowd. What all

Mary Lyn. Finally she stood up, but kinds of a fool I was not to see it when

Phil grabbed her wrist. I danced with you."

"Where are you going,"he de- "To see what?"said Mary Lyn.

manded. "That you were like you are. You

"I must make a telephone call. My must have thought me stuffy, and I'd

mother will be worried about me,"she never have forgiven myself if—I saw

said, not caring now how many kinds you refuse the drink when it was too of a "droop"they called her. late, you know. I saw you leave the

"This little girl wants to go home to dance. I told my sister about you, and

Your one generous gift to her mama,"Phil said melodramatically. she wants to have you to her party.

the National War Fund proThey started off, the car making a Will you come?"

to,"Lyn. love that barely missed a tele- "I'd said Mary broad swoop vides for 21 sorely needed

into a pole. move you new town, phone "When

services to our Armed "If I live through this, I'll never it is important to know your own kind Forces and Allies: U. S. O., again—"she prayed fervently as the of people,"said Regis King. "And I

prisoners of war, aid to mercar swerved and careened down the have a funny feeling that I am right for highway. you."

chant seamen, food for starving allies, needs in your community. MORMON ENTERPRISE

GIVE GENEROUSLY TO YOUR (Continued from page 570) seph C. Bentley with Fernandez Leal,

in the Secvetaria Diaz Hacienda de inspection after the a banquet COMMUNITY was being FUND WAR arranged cabinet. meeting by was The party. for the presidential The planned REPRESENTING THE the agent resident of W. Jones, this that be D. banquet proposed manager

Colonization and Agricultural NATIONAL WAR FUND the Mexican of of the products served entirely

Mr. Jones 10 in Mexico City. Company that pointing out colonies, Chihuahua

such advertising would prove valuable carefully coached Mr. Bentley on the

to them. Joseph Bentley readily agreed rules of Mexican courtesy, showing him

to donate the produce, and the affair how to bow on being presented to a was a complete success. After the meal dignitary, and then at the close of an ineach minister was also presented with terview, bow himself out, being careful

a few samples of colony products to not to turn his back. In vain Joseph

carry home with him. Bentley protested that such conduct

When the fair closed, there was no wascouldsoneverforeignexecuteto hisit natureproperly.thatMr.he

difficulty in disposing the remaining of it insisted that done, as be must Jones price, enterthe at and a produce good in the the custom Mexican such was prising of trade of the board manager failure capital to conform and be would several to with Colonia returned Juarez insult. as regarded an

in cash. the Moreover, pesos hundred the Bentley appointed hour Joseph At

thriving Fair a opened up Coyocan office into the or Secretary ushered was in for capithe colony produce market the at rethreshold, Leal. paused He for half city tal lasted a has which

century. of Thiscolonizationcorporationin Mexicowas foundedand financedfor the partlypromotionby

popular subscription and partly by Church funds. The

the tracts of large purchased land from company sidelight interesting to the CoyAn to the in small acreages resold owners Mexican and ** of the meeting ocan longterm colonists payments. on Fair was Jo608 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Bibles don't get a man rolls very often.

prepared Mrs. Johnson J\s afternoon, ma'am."Good EnterpriseMormon felt almost she dinner on Wednesday, "Just a smiled Mrs. moment,"Johnson missionary as on as a nervous instructions new of the membering Mr. at this live "If declaration. frank you

first tracting. his Remembering of across day the strode then Jones, and room in in these parts to want you drop may liked, she that dishes assumed Frank the surprised gave secretary a good again. like would That you is—how visitor evening's them enjoy the would close the of handshake. American At to dinner, for at come say Wednesday as children instructed the too. She the the interview, again shook two men six o'clock?"

to be talk to to and when hands, his when then turned Bentley Joseph

I if "Well, too wouldn't be much dishes, silent, the and to left do the when room. and back

I'd ma'am, like it very much."rang; doorbell aghast. to go to bed. The when you bother, Jones was "Do D. W.

little a timid to the goodbye He said role her tenyear-old assumed Barbara realize Benthave what you done, Mr.

ley? You have insulted the secretary! boy and left. and graciously opened the door. "Won't

You have ruined everything!"Mrs. Johnson sat down and meditated you sit down, please? Mother will be

"I am sorry,"said Joseph Bentley until the other children coming in from right in—oh, yes, and may I take your

simply, "but I could not do otherwise. skating reminded her that it was time hat and coat?"John, immediately

I am so awkward I could never have to eat. [Continued on page 610)

done that bowing and scraping. If I

had tried, I woud have stumbled all over myself."

Contrary to Mr. Jones'predictions,

however, at the next meeting Secretary

Leal proved as cordial as before. Mr.

Bentley explained to the secretary that the reason for his conduct was not lack of respect but simply the fact that he was not used to such manners and felt that he was too awkward to bow qracefully.

"I knew it,"said Leal. "That's all

right, Mr. Bentley."

These meetings resulted in a warm friendship between the two men which lasted for many years.

Joseph C. Bentley was also granted

a personal interview with Porfirio Diaz.

The president expressed his admiration for the Mormon colonists, saying that their accomplishments appeared to him to be the result of the thrift and energy of fifty years rather than the mere decade that the colonies had been established.

Shortly after his return to Colonia

Juarez, Joseph C. Bentley also received

a fine, complimentary letter from the president, conveying his personal thanksto the colonists for the excellent manCET THINGS DONE WITH A 60!

ner established their they in which had farm Step your work power the tempo up Power when—colonies for their indusin Mexico in time to save wtih put Crop need a you Row when 60—andof and11try example. and good field Oliver's right youit—powerconditionswant it Dewith (Quick crops are "QD"new when

"As related to the author by Joseph C. Bentley and time and help are limited—tachable) system of hooking tractor

that's the power you'll find in an mounted tools. Drop in at your nearOliver Row Crop 60 Tractor. est Mountain States dealer and get

The 60 has big tractor features—full details.Mother Joins the Force with a husky, highcompression en-

(Continued from page 571) theginegoingthat getsreallytoughbuckles... stoutdownenoughwhen

son, Frank, is on a mission in Melto handle all farm work from plowbourne, Australia. He says, indifference ing, planting, cultivating on through Here's the watchis the hardest thing he runs up against. harvesting, as well as offthe-belt dog that guards

consumption Its jobs. variable governor, it?"find speed you doHow famous the—fuel the Miser, Fuel out famous measures that Miser Fuel it's I can't indifsay "Well, ma'am,

cylinders the fuel only for the gives work needed in this at hereference town, not fuel only the at time. particular being done any

for they needaltogether. seems Everybody of This assures absolute you and so—well,least efficimaximum

himself.sure of that take old lady ency. control of economical the fuel Now conwho said that everybody had a Bible; sumed.

she started quoting things in the Bible about why the Latter Saints—"

"Latterday Saints,"corrected Mrs.

Mountain States Implement Co.Johnson."—Latterday Saints are the true

Church."OGDEN UTAH

yes, that's believe."what "Why, we

stranger startled looked up The and Branches: OgdenIdaho Falls,and Tremonton,Shelley. TwinUtah;Falls.Preston,Buhl,Blackloot.Rupert,

choked on a piece of crust. Mrs. Johnand Rexburg, Idaho.

son hurried after a glass of water.

After the calm was restored, the guest arose, "Well, thank you verymuch, ma'am; commissions selling FINEST IN FARM MACHINERY

OCTOBER, 1945 609 Mother Joins the Force Returning Service Men friendly,(Continuedcame in withfrom pageall but609)one lock of his obstinate hair slicked down in

craftsit in Primary."Like any Made and Women place. "Wanta see my treasure chest? at praise the proudly beamed man, John

in even greater numbers than we had expected, shown his work. As the merits of the

eager to resume their education, voice,PrimaryMotherplan Johnsonunfoldedputin onJohn'sthe steameager fare. said ing

"Bring them in now, Dickie,"she di- "THIS IS THE PLACE!"rected."Come an'eat; come an'eat,"chirped

the fiveyear-old. "I speak to sit by

as they proudly pointed to the Mr. Missionary!"He took one of the

guest's hands in both of his and led him to the table. "This is your place,

Mr. Missionary."BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY "What is your name, anyhow?"

PROVO, UTAH laughed the hostess. "You know, we

d uring haven't"Well,evenI don'tmet youreallythe usualknow way."your

REGISTRATION FOR THE AUTUMN QUARTER name, either. Funny, isn't it? I'm

October 1 and 2 Swedish;common—my names John Johnson. Sorta

"Say, that's my name, too!"John was

literally amazed. "Just imagine, an'we

come from different states, too."

This wholesale adoption was rapidly breaking down the reserve that natural ff it's a shyness and strange surroundings had built up in the missionary. Soon the

National Biblewhole group were enjoying the innocent

It's the Beloved wisdom of the family's youngest. Mother never neglected to bring up some

King James Version gospel point related to everything that was said: bread, the sacrament; absence of coffee, the Word of Wisdom;

Daddy's appointment to a convention for the Mutual Improvement Association, right through dessert.

Since 1863, National has published only the beloved King James version... preferred by our parents and grandparents... While the children did the

most suitable for us and for our children. dishes, Mrs. Johnson started asking all

the "most commonly asked questions"she could remember and even when an answer was forthcoming, she added the

guest was the young a remark. When bibles of information, in the maze tangled HathnalneuronalSINCE 1863... AT YOUR Latterday Saint explanation by way of BOOKSTORE well

Mrs. Johnson changed her tactics. "I

hope we aren't keeping you from some other appointment. We all enjoy your

To Be company so much because Frank is

Officially Informed about your age and the two of you have

Read much in common."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "I really have enjoyed being here 12,.issues $2.00 with the children around. My family is

a long way off and being in a home for a while sort of takes the edge off being away."Satisfied that her guest was not pressed for time, Mrs. Johnson suggested that he join the children in readSINCE 1850 ing the Bible before they went to bed.

"We're going to start the Sermon on explained. she tonight,"Mount AMERICAS FINEST the there are a Mr. Johnson, know, "You

OVERALL few differences between these teachings as recorded here and as recorded in of Mormon."Book HORSES* the

young man looked puzzled. The

and differences are few the "Yes, FIT Better... WEAR Longer cor- I think they are probably small, but

LEVI STRAUSS rect in the Book of Mormon because it hasn't undergone so many translations."

610 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

MOTHER JOINS THE FORCE

"If you wouldn't mind, I'd like to Mrs. Johnson, overjoyed as she was few years, I'd better learn what it was

know just what this Book of Mormon by the announcement, didn't say anyall about. So first I studied the New

is. Lots of people around here talk thing. She guessed that breakfast wasn't Testament, and then I bought a copy of

about it just like it was a book of the the first meal that John Johnson had your Book of Mormon, and I read that

Bible."missed during the past two weeks and through. Then I read them through to-

"I'll tell you about it. Do you mind quickly brought in a glass of milk and gether. When I got tired of reading, I

waiting until the children have finished some bread and butter while she prejust sat and thought about what I'd reading?"pared something more substantial. read, and then I prayed like you said

When the little Johnsons caught their "Now, John, tell me more about this,"Joseph Smith did. Well, I didn't get a

final cue and went to bed, Mother she said as the last of the food disapvision, but I've got a feeling that's

Johnson joined her guest in the living peared. "I'm very glad about what pretty strong that tells me I ought to

room. She explained the Book of you've already said."join the Church and that the Book of

Bible is showed as true as the John some IMormon and Mormon that night to dincame when "Well, ifquotations foretold its coming which together, true—justsort of work two Bible. The ner, of that things a lot up you brought

forth and its purpose. John was a little I hadn't heard of before; an'I decided you know what I mean."

skeptical, but his questions, hesitant at that if I was going to sell Bibles for a (Concluded on page 612) first, came faster and more eagerly.

Frank had remarked in his letters that too much material the first visit often frightened away a sincere friend. "If

you're going to be out selling Bibles tomorrow, I'd better let you get some bettersleep. save Perhaps we'd a few For Special Interest Groups

time."things for next Mrs. Johnson

already had a guilty feeling that she had gone too far for the first real conversation. CHURCH HISTORY

John prepared to go. "Certainly much

obliged, Mrs. Johnson. Thanks for the

dinner and also for the very interesting The Restored Church..discussion."

"Please come sometime when my By William Edwin Berrett $2.50

husband is here,"Mrs. Johnson said at This is a "brief history of the origin, growth and doctrines of the Church

the door. "He can explain things far of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints"published by the Department of Edubetter than I."caton of the Church in 1936, for study in the senior seminaries of the Church,

"I'd like to meet him, very much."and since reprinted. It is a 560page book. The book is divided into three

units, eight fortyfive itself sections chapters, lends and to great which across the porch. "Well,He backed flexibility. also text includes helps, discussion This classroom problems,goodnight, ma'am."projects, special readings bibliography. and an excellent

As Mrs. Johnson shut the door, she

felt a little disappointed that her zeal all,"far. her carried "After sohad she Brighum Young, The Man and His Work... in scaringthought, use away.""no him

By Preston Nibley... $2.50

JL wo weeks passed without Here is the intimate life story of the great Mormon colonizer and leader, news from the Bible salesman. The told interestingly and in detail. Special stress is placed on President Young's

Johnsons concluded with regret that the teachings as set forth in his letters, sermons and writings. The great force

his character his of in of this scope tremendous are motives and the book fallen stony onmessage must have truthfully portrayed. original access to author had source The mamuch "I suggested,ground. "Or,"mother terial hitherto letters including unpublished of writings and Young. Brigham

first night."the an overdosegave him

One morning, Dick, who had been enjoying the spring sunshine while play-...ing car on the front walk, came running A New Witness For Christ in America

in all out of breath. "Mamma, he's By Francis W. Kirkham $1.75

coming back again; the missionary man

compilation Dr. Francis is a of This work Kirkham contemporary by W.is coming!"historical the concerning data forth coming of the Book of Mormon. In

Mrs. Johnson was flustered and hapits 420 pages it makes available documentary texts heretofore not accessible

py when she opened the door. "John, to the public, and collected only after long years of painstaking research.

I'm so glad to see you."She noticed he An examination of its table of contents would make any reader or study

seemed tired and colorless as Frank group eager to get into its pages. It is presented in three divisions conused to look when he forgot his lunch taining a digest of all that has been said about the Book of Mormon.

and studied through the lunch hour. "Is

something wrong? Come in and sit MAIL THIS COUPON

down."John was agitated and played with DESERET BOOK COMPANY

his hat nervously. "Mrs. Johnson,"he "THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"

blurted out, "I haven't sold any Bibles 44 East South Temple StreetSalt Lake City 10, Utah P. O. Box 958

lately; I haven't done anything but study Please send me the followingfor the "Special Interest Group":

read thinkand and Mrs. and—pray.

I to THE RESTORED CHURCH $2.50Johnson, want what to do to know

join the Church of Jesus Christ of LatBRIGHAM YOUNG, THE MAN AND HIS WORK....$2.50

terday Saints."He sat down sudden- A NEW WITNESS FOR CHRIST IN AMERICA....$1.75

ly as though the declaration had left him without strength. "Whew,"he said, "I Name

feel a little weak; guess it's because I Address didn't have any breakfast."

OCTOBER, 1945 611 MOTHER JOINS THE FORCE % {Concluded from page 611) His head in the clouds, John thanked

Mrs. Johnson explained what steps her and left. Mrs. Johnson telephoned

John should take next. "I guess,"she her brother, Albert Larsen, and exsaid, "that you won't be selling Bibles plained what she had done. The store

alone now."could use the boy until summer anyway,

it takes. told her, if he had he what

like "I'd like mission on a real to go sat wrote to and Mrs. Johnson down

I I learn son your can so more when Frank:

I'll teach. write I guess to Dr. Hanson

and tell him he'll have to replace me; Dear Son:

there ought to be work around here I I have just a minute. Thought I'd tell you

can do. I was raised on a farm."He how things are at home. We are all busy

fingered the brim of his hat and shuffled and up to our necks in little things, but we one shoe nervously while the woman are never too busy to think of you and your considered the problem. work. You might even say we are on a

is lately. mission with victory you Your

I'll store. to Larsen's down "Go ours, are ours. your and problems And

tell I phone them and you're coming. lots then, there are of missionary jobs yet

think they might need someone to to do at home....

handle their farm machinery."

Vegemeat Steaks are perfect for lunch or dinner! These tender, MORMON

juicy steaks are a tasty product (Continued from page 576) the blood of their comrades who had of wheat, vegetable extracts, them from the land of David. Because been slain. Mormon called them to

seasonings, pressure and cooked of robbers the the Gadianton repentance, but his call found only deaf and flavor. to bring rich out all their all ears. in revolution Lamanites there was

give Steaks Vegemeat land. intense a welthe their did Nevertheless, So gathhatred become Mormon meals! change to your come they soldiers ered the together swore dethat 42,000 heavens by and by and13 AT GROCERS the YOUR throne feated of 44,000. "that of a Lamanite they God, army would

At this time the Nephites partially go up to battle against their enemies and off repented of their would the wickedness, the face of from and MorLINDA ENJOY LOMA 18cut them land."rejoiced. gladness His temmon was QUALITY FOODS! their of for porary Because however, wickedness he soon discovered and

that the sorrow of the Nephites was not abomination, Mormon wrote: "I, Morunto repentance, but rather the sorrow mon, did utterly refuse from this time

forth of the because the Lord would damned to be a 18commander and a leader of this in sin. people."not grant them happiness

In 346 A.D., the Lamanites began For a period of twelve or fourteen

making their incursions against the years the Nephites and Lamanites

Nephites."With force and cogency, struggled against each other. Under

Mormon encouraged his people to fight tremendous pressure the Nephites lost for their wives, and their children, and much territory.

their homes. The effect of his message Mormon, aware that the Lamanites

is evidenced in the fact that with an were about to overthrow the Nephites, army of 30,000, he defeated 50,000 again accepted the position of comLamanites. With this initial success he manderin-chief of Nephite forces. He

gathered momentum enough to win a knew however, that their cause was series of battles and regain the lands of without hope, for he felt that God their inheritance. In 350 A.D., he comwould not protect them in their wickedpleted a treaty of peace with the Lamanness. Mormon, like Carlyle, Lincoln,

ites and the Gadianton robbers in which and Shakespeare, felt that justice for a the Nephites were given the land northrecalcitrant nation might be delayed a ward even to the narrow passage which day or two, but that punishment for led into the land southward, and the wickedness was inevitable."

Lamanites were assigned the land Finally, Mormon arranged with the southward."king of the Lamanites for sufficient time

Mormon used a tenyear interim of to gather all his people together in the peace to prepare for another struggle."land of Cumorah. By 385 A.D., this had

In 360 A.D., he received a letter from been accomplished, and the two armies

stating that fought for battle. with king the ready Lamanite he was were They

Roosted Barley Oven Rip* Tree and the against the battle Nephites. the the arrow, to sword, coming and bow ax,21 California ened I Else Nothing Figs—all his together of kinds gathered people war. of weapons and Mormon

in the land Desolation by the narrow About 230,000 Nephites lost their lives

A boon to those who pass which led into the land southward. in this battle of extinction. Only twentyIn the city of Desolation, Mormon defour Nephites survived, including Mordon't drink coffee. A feated the Lamanites in 361 A.D. and17 mon and Moroni. Mormon was hunted

lands. killed into their the back and them own by healthful drink for all drove Lamanites22 between

their rejoiced over Nephites 400 A.D. vic385 and A.D. The

the family. tory. They became so selfopinionated The evidence we have in the record

that they began to boast of their strength would indicate that Mormon could not

CALIFORNIA F1CGO CO. and to swear that they would avenge be classed with such a military comLeonard H. Ballif, President ibid.,ulbid.. 2:92:22 **Ibid..Ibid.. 3:113:10

Ibid.. 2:29 *>Ibid., 3:12

lbid.. 3:1-4 Ibid., 6:9

"Ibid.. 3:7 vibid.. 8:5. 6

612 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mormon mander as Moroni, the great Nephitecommander who fought successfully He converted and baptized against Zerahemnah, Ammonihah, and the less than a century beforeAmmaron continent.Savior visited the American over 3000 souls!

At least there is no record of his having used the many kinds of strategy which Moroni successfully employed. Read this great biography

Mormon fought a losing battle which—a NEW, de luxe Edition

he attributed to the wickedness of the

Nephites. He seems to have lacked, of the

however, the resourcefulness of Moroni in conducting his campaigns.

Though his people went down to destruction before his eyes, Mormon was recognized by them as the greatest military commander of his time.

Mormon left an imprint on his civilileader,zation a religious as an historian, L.

Fifteen cenmm/timm ntJatil commander.and a military

turies later his influence is being felt by hundreds of thousands. KIMBALL

By ORSON F. WHITNEY

A Mormon Wife (Continued 575) page from man, perhaps excepted, Smith Joseph Just off the beautiful new Press—This

ever of the gift possessed is prophecy both in declared he edition contains shown,had always 530 pages and public and private, that the Manifesto printed in large, easy to read type. to a greater degree than Bro.

was no idle gesture on the part of the It is bound in rich dark maroon fabriKimball."

coid embossed porwith handsome first C. depeople. solemn a Kimball Heber It was the wasMormon

trait cover design. Justice of Chief of the State there Deseret.claration to from which the world

was no retracting. In addition to being one of the outHe dedicated the corner stone of the

standing biographies of Mormon Salt Lake Temple. He was the most

T shall hurry over the next two years history,new datait compiledcontains bymuchthe valuableKimball intimateBrigham Young.friend andHe wasassociatea greatof

of my mother's life which, because Family Ass'n.; also many rare illusapostle and the father and founder

of my father's consideration, passed trations. of the British mission.

more pleasantly for her than she had Copies of the original edition, writimagined they would. But her course ten by one of Utah's most gifted This handsome new and enlarged

still appeared to her as an uncharted writers and out of print for 60 years, gift edition is...

one, and life seemed meaningless. have sold for $25 each.

"What is the object of my life, and Speaking of Heber C. Kimball, the Priced each

where lies my future destiny?"she late George Q. Cannon said, "No at $3.00 Postpaid

asked herself over and over again. If <3XX3kX=K*SO<3kXO<SKX3>-

only she could be needed! She did not

know that the trials through which she was passing were definitely preparing Two other important her for a future sphere in which her books for your library role was to be as important as it now futile.seemed THREE MORMON to live most of the time She continued

with her parents at Pleasant Grove, CLASSICS where life went on with its usual joys experienced a sorrow. Sheand deHISTORY OF feeling as a lone thoughtached she were

spectator viewing a drama in which she JOSEPH SMITH part. nohad

this "Is really my home?"she asked By His Mother

familiar the these oldherself. "Are surPRICE $2.50 EACH

still inroundings, or am I New York

City viewing a play like The Old

Homestead?"Though the drama being PRINTED AND PUBLISHED BY

enacted before her eyes was of simplefolk, in everyday surroundings, grim STEVENS & WALLIS, Inc.

tragedy walked side by side with lightPUBLISHERS OF FINE BOOKS some comedy. Recording some of

events,these she contradictory wrote For Sale At spring of 1892: saddestin the "The

thing I have to record is the death of little Rintha, twins. of Manie's one The

darling babies were a born only few DESERET44 EAST SOUTHBOOKTEMPLE SALT LAKECOMPANYCITY 10. UTAH

months ago. And the saddest part of

all was that Manie's husband was away Also at all leading bookdealers get his mission couldon not and home Bindery and Craftsmen. Excellent opportunity

jobs. WANTFT)* * ", * t,x right—ExPenencedmen. GoodBOOKBINDERSwages. Steady Write at once. STEVENSin time funeral & for the WALLIS INC.,lor never had and

St., 36 Richards Salt Lake City, Utah [Continued on page 614)

OCTOBER, 1945 613 A Mormon Wife (Continued from page 613)... Myseen brother,the tiny Ray,baby wasin all marriedits shortAprillifeNIGHT SCHOOL

13th to Lizzie Wadley, who, I think,

It seems the opportunity for selfdevelopment will make him a good wife. so strange—a birth, a death, and a

marriage all to record at one writing."

Classes in shorthand, typewritin those days, not wellto-do and ing, accounting, salesmanship, "Deing '93"of the "panic that knowing

English, filing, business mathewas just in the offing, Father spent his matics, and other subjects. Enroll means generously. Several trips were planned for my mother, one of which

on Monday or Thursday evenings. SrTiaenf School my father was able to take with her.

Coming as it did when she had been

Day school students may register at any time for befeeling so downhearted, it did her a ginning or advanced courses in stenography, accounting world of good. Her happiness found

expression in the faithful diary:

and other office work. "October 14, 1891. I have now to

record one of the most delightful trips

L D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE wentof mytolifethewithnorthwest,my deardownhusband.the ColumWe

70 North Main Salt Lake City 1, Utah bia River to Portland, and down the coast to San Francisco, then by train to southern California. I left Mary in

Pleasant Grove, and it almost broke my heart to leave her, but I know she will be much better off with her grandmother than traveling such a long way when she is too young to enjoy such a trip. 'It was near the close of the season, so we were the only passengers on the boat and had perfect service. There More. never could have been anything more

beautifulColumbia—thethan thatbroadperfectmajesticday onriverthe

flowing on, the mountains towering on either side, the numerous falls, and everywhere the gorgeous autumn coloring.

"We spent several days pleasantly in Portland, the last a quiet, happy Sunday, walking about the parks and reading. Heber is reading aloud to me

Victor Hugo's Les Miserables."

A short time later found the two at

Del Monte. "We have about come to

the conclusion that Del Monte is the most beautiful place on earth. Our

rooms are very pleasant, looking out upon a lake with fountains darting up, oh! I don't know how high, and between the balcony and the little lake are

bright flower beds, green lawns, and clean sanded walks. We never tire of

strolling about this lovely place. There

must be miles of beautiful flower borders filled with rare and lovely plants.

"One afternoon we engaged a team of pretty sorrel horses and took the seventeenmile drive. It was lovely

beyond description—the woods, the

ocean, with the spray dashing over the rocks high into the air, the white sand,

The better you understand Mormonism the blue sky, the clouds, the sunset, the

The more you will appreciate profusion of beautiful flowers everyIN USE For OVER HI1Y YEARS where."

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple "A Skeptic Upon her return, my mother wrote:

lovely well and when baby "Found my Mormonism"throatsore and other minor mouth Discovers helped see to many. wild Has and I reached home, was irritations.and throat $1.50 mail By tears, postpaid her. the I pass over meeting—theI wanted. Agents will smiles, only the the and kisses—andHall's Canker Remedy RIGGS say TIMBERLINE

536 Lake City, Utah East 2nd So.—at Salt OVERTON, NEVADA TooI couldimportanthave eatento passher byup, isalmost.a note

the following spring: "There was an

6U THE IMPROVEMENT ERA A Mormon Wife added interest to conference this year, as the capstone of the Salt Lake Temple was laid, April 6th. I went up on the

pinnacle, stoodhighest on and the spot THIS BOOK is to stand."angel goldenwhere the

Early summer found my mother in

New York City once more. When the BRINGS HOME

summer heat became unbearable, she moved to one or another of the nearby TO YOUbeaches.

When in the early fall, after returning to New York, she received a telegram THE KEY from my father, it was welcome news that she was to start for home. "I am

thoroughly tired of New York,"she TO OUR wrote. "I have seen everything of inIterest that care to see, and I shall be HISTORY

glad to say goodbye."

Yes, it was goodbye, not only to

New York, but to one whole period of her life. Though she did not know it,

those days of uncertainty, of moving from place to place with her baby, of bearing a name that was not her own,., understand over.were 0

She was about to be needed. go back 4,000 should fullyyears—to"the why"our literalof history,ancestors,one

(To be continued) Abraham, Isaac, Jacob, Joseph, and Ephraim. The recorded promises of God to those great leaders of Israel

and to us, their descendants, provide a key to our past,

Evidences a nd present and future.

the vindicates scripture of history and study aReconciliations Such light on the future throws of and the prophets words (Concluded [com page 585) course of events.

further need be done. The new officer

will probably grow in fitness, if he has GOD'S COVENANT RACE, by James H. Anderson,

the good will, faith, and prayers of the traces the development of Israel and identifies the people. Moreover, the history of the peoples of the earth today. It shows you how God's

Church shows that under the power of promises of long ago are being fulfilled... and tells

strong,the Lord, men are made weak joy of of the marvelous part Israel plays in world destiny. to the strong men stronger,and

all. Any personal dislike should, of

course, be overcome. Learning to love (CUT HERE AND MAIL TODAY)

path to happisure is a Publisher neighborour HARMER, W. EARL

City Salt East, Lake 7th 945 So. Saintsness. the Latterday Meanwhile, books4, checkedUtah below. the send postpaid Please

that well leaders trust their so andknow $2.00 GOD'S COVENANT RACE accept willing to nearly alwaysthey are By James H. Anderson

those to givetheir nominations, and in to succeed a chancenominated the THE STORY OF THE MORMONByPIONEERSMabel Harmer $2.00

unanioffice, for not life. The which is

officers of our Churchmous support is ONE(TheWHOhomeWASlife ofVALIANTBrigham Young) By ClarissaYoung Spencer $300 really an indication of the united feeling G Check or money order enclosed Send C.O.D.

of the people to carry forward the latName..

terday work of the Lord.

That the Latterday Saints are a free Address.. Your orders will receive prompt attention

people is further emphasized by the treatment given those who fail to keep the promises implied in their baptism.

They are not cast out, nor held in ill are immoralityrepute. Apostasy and Lest YDU Forgets lead to excomcauses thatthe usual

of themunication. Church The purpose MILITARY

are weak for is to save souls. They who DF REMEMBRANCE strength, helped into be andshould they HALLOWEEN BDDK R. Gygi into George By path the correct straying,who are SHOWS ROAD life.of

. "',. of record complete For a of freelack prate about Those PRODUCTIONS who STAGE activities, photoservice—travels, either Saints, Latterday do amongdom gift etc. for ideal graphs, ServThe OPERAS

its orthenot understand and Church ganization, to trying or are cover up PAGEANTS icemen,Price $1.50.veterans, or their families.

their own weaknesses. (See pages 555 and 605 for coupon.) The feeling of the people of the HILLAM'S

Church is summed up in the words of SHOP faithful LatterCOSTUME thinker, a vigorous and Salt Lake City, Utah BQQKC18 Richards StreetRAFT Saint: not a free people,day If we were

I would not be a member of the Church. 10 RoomsSplendid Costumes Salt Lake City 1- Utah... Tel. 3-4795

—/. A. W. "615 OCTOBER, 1945

avid Ours SPmfToge Dear Editors: San Leandro, California Dear Editors

of the interest Elmhurst to the of special members little Ward to me. the means express a Era of what d like to OF articles that appeared Stake two and were in I Oakland me magazine, covers the of your Between

Brazilian first author the about recently. the one was The Era eyes, pursue, eager with I hungrily

rills the Join the Ver second and one "The Verissimo Erico was I for seen words; Prophet's have The

Church."rise, life. I of the words in Therein interest class special adult our years past two For the renewed, with hope about go And my tasks Cul- "Latin and History studying American has been Mutual life of mine; this strange meet new To

for help outside opportunities have/ ture."Here, many we in pursued, those words I have For

through the Pan American Association. We have had several I've found communion sweet with the divine.

us firsthand given speakers have notable as guest persons who different LatinGladys Pratt, S2c the of regarding the problems information

American countries.... -&-

For the past two summers I have seen Mr. Verissimo during All Wet

College. sessions at Mills the has summer six weeks He been "What is the chemical formula for water?"to Brazil Literature Brazilian is returning in and conducting "HI JKLMNO!"this winter.

talking about?"on earth are you "What the article of the with I received about copy the Era When said that it yesterday "Well, you was H to O."it to Mills Verrill to College and I took it showed some Mr.

of the professors who have been using his books and who think Could Be True of him. Naturally highly they very

.. were interested in the fact Man is not rational—he keeps looking for home atmosphere the Church.. had joined that he

Sincerely.yours, in a hotel and hotel service at home.

Meda B. Soares Oh, Oh! $

Gerald: would you marry a beautiful girl for "Say, Jimmy, Dear Editors:

girl for love or a homely money?"

in interested your story of Augusta Winters Grant, much AM the beautiful Jimmy: girl for love, of course. By the "Why I there will more. and be I hope what's way, this homely girl's name?"

also in Pleasant and, as Utah, a child, Grove, was My home @ the of the little brother, I played near grave Nathan, was who mentioned in the first chapter. It was behind the house, with a "I've been trying to see you all week. When may I have

fence around it, and a grapevine over it. Although the house, an appointment?"

fence, and all are gone now, I believe I could walk very close "Make a date with my secretary."

to the place. "I did, and we had a grand time, but I still want to see you."

pioneers—theI remember manyHolmans,otherWests,of the Browns,incidents Foutzes,related byWhites,other Grafter: One who chisels a $career instead of carving it.

Clarks. In fact, I think Pleasant Grove had many outstanding

pioneers and may their memory live on forever.

Jessie N. Lusk Overseas Packages

4 Office that all Information Christinforms of War The for packages overseas delivery must mas mailed be about money before you A budget is a method of worrying spend it, as well as afterwards. between September 15 and October 15. The packages

must not weigh more than five pounds or measure more thirtysix around. inches a week One package Money will buy a dog, but it

this period won't buy the wag of his tail. thanduring be sent without a request from may

the serviceman.

"You cannot do wrong without suffering wrong,"—Emerson.

CHORAL GROUP COMPRISED OF LD.S. BOYS FROM NORTH CENTRAL STATES MISSION

More than seventyfive Latterday Saint boys have carried their testimonies of the gospel with them into their lives in the armed forces and have organized into two groups under the supervision of Elder E. Owen Hansen, president of the South Dakota district of the North Central States Mission, at Sioux Falls, South Dakota.

They have organized a choral group of twentyfive which has sung at a local church where many favorable opinions were given the musical ability of the men as well as compliments to their appearance as healthy, clean American men. Voyle B. Sorenson of Aurora, Utah, has been directing the group. At the branch conference

sessions Sunday, June IS, half a hundred L.D.S. servicemen were in attendance.

616 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA $J2JWUIjL 2QjUlf&/L nwsA, AJUUVWukhA,!

JNenemy—awaitingpeace as in war, hungerthe momentis ourtocommonstrike,

when supplies are running low. The President and War Food Administration have

repeatedly called for increased food production and food preservation—particularly for home canning.

Regardless of conditions elsewhere in the nation or world, homes with a good supply of fresh canned fruits on basement shelves have a better chance to provide nourishing, appetizing diets than homes relying on supplies obtainable from day to day at the corner store—in

spite of the fact that your grocer is doing a great job of food distribution.

Be sure to get and properly use your full share of canning sugar.

UTAHIDAHO SUGAR COMPANY

Home Office: Beneficial Life Building, Salt Lake City

Factories in Utah, Idaho, Montana, Washington, and South Dakota THE

'", '''!..

;': SaieC; U. S. POSTAGE 'wllStt V.t lift

2c PAID Salt Lake City, Utah Permit No. 325 |STTs3III

W.:'C&U#$W

..:

?& i: ':..:'

.....#"'$? -pP: j

.

iP/

',.'.'.

;i

1 5l F.. 5

.o.31.k i George Albert. G=StJ.%..it.