HIH "r-*mm.K

m a Yes, special things are worth working for, and 4. Admissions will be based on results of the

going to BYU is something special. As the largest ACT, on high school grades and general academic

university in the intermountain area and one of the standing.

top churchrelated universities in United States, BYU These things are mentioned now so that you can has many demands to meet. Constant effort and prepare. There is much you can do now. Keep up

attention are necessary for proper advisement and your grades. Register for and take the ACT examinstruction of students in an institution where Church ination.

standards are maintained and academic standards BYU, the Church university, is unlike any other are always rising. in the world. It combines academic, physical and

Here are some things you should know: spiritual training in an ideal social climate. It is

1. Deadline for applications for new admissions worth working for.

to autumn semester has been advanced to July 31, 1965. 2. A nonrefundable deposit of $25 is required

not later than 30 days after admission. 3. Every application should include a transcript Brigham Young

of credits from the high school principal and results of the American College Tests (ACT). The ACT is

administered five times a year at centers throughoutUnited States. Check NOW with your principal or UNIVERSITY

nearby college for times and places. PROVOUTAH

KITCHENWARE Exploring PREMIUMS the at BIG, BIG SAVINGS!

Universe NOW on the back of each 5 and 10 pound

By Dr. Franklin S. Harris Jr. bag of U and I Sugar. Topquality, namebrand, kitchenware at surprising savings.

Skillet (popular NEW TECHNIQUE with10"chickencover andfryer)

The application of a newly emerging ($6.75nylon spatulavalue) $3.75.

technique called radioactivation analysis can distinguish whether opium came from China or Mexico. It can

detect gunpowder residues on a suspect's hands, then tell how many times he has fired a gun. The application to history is equally interesting. The 16th century dethroned

Swedish king Eric XIV died in prison after eating a dish of pea soup. Recent activation studies found

that the soup may have contained substantial amounts of mercury. Tne Griddle, 11W

Emperor Napoleon I died in exile family size ($4.95

on St. Helena, supposedly from canvalue) $2.75.

cer. Examination of his hair has Saute pan, handy 8"size ($3.50 value) $2.25

shown that it contained thirteen times as much arsenic as normal, inWEST BEND TEFLONCOATED NOSTICK-NOSCOUR COOKWARE dicating he must have suffered from arsenic poisoning. Nostick cooking DuPontapproved finish

Noscour cleanup Heavyduty, evenheating aluminum

WEST BEND MIXERMATE 3-PC.

STAINLESS STEEL MIXING BOWL SET 8TT* Won't corrode, chip, crack, rust

Designed for any electric mixer

ASPECTS OF RICE Gemhard stainless steel

Fit together for easy storage.

Perhaps 60 percent of mankind deFor complete set send $2.75

pends on rice for its principal food. and U and I label.

Rice will grow almost anywhere, thefrom of southeast Asia swamps Dept. West Bend offers and IA, U Sugar—to cold parts of Korea, the valleys Rockfield,I of P. Wisconsin 218, O. Box

central California, and even at 10,000 Please send the following: I am enclosing price shown plus one bottom

feet on the slopes of the Himalayas label from any U and I Sugar 5 or 10 lb. bag for each item. (Bag sent

in Asia. The flooded rice paddy is need not have premium offer on back.)used for weed control, especially in Teflon saute pan—$2.25 plus U and I label.the tropics. Over half the world's Teflon Griddle—$2.75 plus U and I label.

I label.crop is produced without any arti- D Teflon skillet, with cover and spatula—$3.75 plus U and

I label.ficial irrigation. It can be planted as D Stainless Steel bowl set (3 pieces)—$2.75 plus U and

any other small grain. One species NAME

of rice under flood conditions in southeast Asia grows as much as a STREET OR RFD foot a day, up to a height of 15 feet. CITY STATE ZIP CODE

NOTE: You can send the bottom label from any bag of U and I Sugar for any of

these offers. The offer you wish does not have to appear on the bag you send in.

Please allow three to four weeks for delivery. This offer void in any territory where

prohibited. Offer expires December 31, 1965.

JANUARY 1965 The Improvement Era The Voice of the Church

Official organ of the Priesthood

Quorums, Mutual Improvement Associations, Home Teaching, Music

Committee, Department of Education, and other agencies of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints.

Contents for January 1965 Volume 68, Number 1

Church Features ART AND PHOTO CREDITS

The Editor's Page: These Are the Tender Cords, President David O. McKay...12 Art1 Art:Direction:Ed MaryonRalph Reynolds

12 Photo: Ted Cannon

J. NagataHeslop, Deseret NewsYour Question: Home Teaching, President Joseph Fielding Smith 14 222316-20 Photos:Art: Ted

Oakland Temple Dedication, Marba C. Josephson 16 242526-27 Photos:Art: DaleErnstKilbournWittke

The Dedicatory Prayer, President David O. McKay 18 28,35 Photo:31 Photos:GeorgeHays,PickowMonkmeyer

36 Art: H. C. Selous, Photo from

The Church Moves On, 10; Melchizedek Priesthood: Teaching Fathers to Teach, 52; Presiding 37 Photo:ThreeUnknownLions

Bishopric's Page, 54. 384156-57 Photos:Art: LynnWallaceFreemanBarrus, BYU

65 Photo: Ralph Clark

66 Art: Ted Nagata

Special Features 6869,67 Photo:7475,Unknown7677 Photos:

Ralph Clark Statements from the Scriptures concerning the Importance of the Home 24 7071 Photos:Boyart Presiding BishopricWhat Latterday Prophets Have Said about Teaching and YMMIABoyart Superintendent Buehner—

Living the Gospel in the Home 26 AshtonWalterYMMIA SuperintendentsZ. Lillian Smith,

They Enjoyed Teaching and Living the Gospel in the Home, YWMIALillian PresidencyWalter Z.

ReedH. Bradford 28 Teens—ClaudellMaryon, and JoernJohnson,Gerdts.Ed

Teaching: Understanding the Things of God, Alma P. Burton 30 727380 Art:Art:Ed MauriceMaryon Scanlon

art and photos: Ralph ReynoldsGenealogy: Genealogical Evenings in the Home 32 All otherStudio

Since Cumorah, New Voices from the Dust, Part 1 (cont. ), Hugh Nibley 34

The Family Home Evening 38 The Spoken Word from Temple Square, Richard L. Evans 43, 44, 50, 62

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 1; Letters and Reports, 4; These Times: The

FaD of Khrushchev, G. Homer Durham, 8.

Today's Family: Florence B. Pinnock, Editor

Quicker by the Dozen 56 The Era of Youth: In the Beginning 65

The Last Word 80

Stories, Poetry Journal's End, Lenora Hansen........22

Poetry 46, 48, 64

THE cover Our cover is taken from one scene of the Brigham Young University filmThe Improvement Era Offices, 135 South State Street, Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 stripfor homethat evenings.has been Themadefilmstripespecially

features Jack Tueller, father; Marjorie

Tueller, mother; older Rosanne Editor; Associate Editor; Albert Managing L. Green, Richard Managing O.David Marba and Doyle McKay Larry 11year-old Reda; Editorial Associates; Editor; Family FlorenceC. Josephson, Becki Todays MarionL. Zobell,D. Hanks,Jr., Tueller, Fillmore,Research

Editor; Direction: Art 9-yearold Studio. Associate RalphB.ReynoldsPinnock, Editor; Davidgirl; 14year-oldDuerden; TuelEra Editor;YouthCarter Era Youth Janine E.ElaineGrant,L. Evans,Cannon,DonnaEditors; of Higgins,TheThe of

G. Homer Durham, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., Hugh NrBLEY, Sdjney B. Sperry. Alma A. Gardiner, Contributing Editors. ler; and 5-yearold Shayne Tueller. The

Smith, CarlosG.

Director; Thayer Evans,Jr., GeneralAdvertisingManager;Director.Florence S. Jacobsen, Associate General Manager; Verl F. Scott, Business Manager; A. Glen Snarr, Subscription photographerBYU Motion Pictureis WallaceDepartment.M. Barrus of the

Families are that find you out fun—may

rights Saints. of Inc., Christ of LatterdayCopyright Associations 1964 published Funds, The and by Mutual Improvement Church by the Mutual this issue reading special by and to the a year price, succeedingJesus year,reserved. $2.50 in Subscription addedAll a $5.75; $8.25; year, subscriptions, each 3 years,of $3.00 multiple 2 years, advance;

discoveries additional the about make price.three year

family of all—your ownact best section for in rate special of 1103, at for mailing postage Salt provided the at Office, City,Entered Postmatter. Acceptance as secondclass Lake Utah

as you your on meet 2, 1918.of 1917, October authorized own July

Thea wordImprovementand must beEraaccompaniedis not responsibleby sufficientfor unsolicitedpostage formanuscriptsdelivery andbutreturn.welcomes contributions. Manuscripts are paid for on acceptance at the rate of 2c family nights.

Thirty days'notice cannotchanees be madeis requiredunless thefor oldchangeaddressof address.as well as Whenthe neworderingone is included.a change, please include address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address Coverby DeseretLithographedNews Pressin full color

I 1EADERSHIP

faufyA/ytefa

1. FAMILY LEADERSHIP—Inspired Counsel for Parents

by V. Dallas Merrell

No more appropriate volume could be found to be used in conjunction with the new home family program of the Church. From the pens of Church

leaders both past and present come words of counsel for all who are in the process of raising a family. No Latterday Saint family can afford to miss

reading this truly remarkable volume. $2.95

2. FAMILY NIGHT FUN by Shirley and Monroe Paxman

Here is a book for those looking for a guide in presenting family nights that are stimulating and worthwhile. Monthby-month parties, holiday fun suggestions, special trips, and scores of valuable suggestions are all here! The

authors, a husband and wife team, are winners of the Family of the Year

Award for 1960. $2.95

3. PARTY PATTERNS by Shirley and Monroe Paxman

As the name implies, Party Patterns is a complete outline for those who enjoy giving and being a part of parties. This experiencetested book is invaluable

to Latterday Saints because it was written with the active Latterday Saint family in mind. Party Patterns provides many useful hints on how to make

any kind of party a success. $3.95

4. AND THEY SHALL TEACH THEIR CHILDREN

by Reed H. Bradford

Using his professional knowledge of teaching, along with a strong testimony as a Latterday Saint, the author comes up with a book that is both a guide and inspiration to every parent. For those who conscientiously seek to follow

the new Church Home Family Program, this book is a must! $3.50

5. THE ART OF TEACHING CHILDREN

by Daryl V. Hoole

This is an LDS best seller! Written by the author of The Art ofHomemaking,

The Art of Teaching Children opens up new vistas for anyone involved in teaching. Parents will especially glean valuable ideas that will help them in

"teaching their children in the way they should go."<jj|3 95

6 THE ART OF TEACHING CHILDREN PACKET is also available for the above book. $2.95

Plus Postage 500 West of Mississippi 600 East of Mississippi

DESERET BOOK COMPANY, 44 EAST SOUTH TEMPLE

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH 84111—Phone 3288191

Enclosed please find $ check money order

I have an account, please charge For the above numbered items: tteseretCOM P A N Y Book 3 4 5 6 44 EAST SO. TEMPLE AND AT COTTONWOOD MALL 12

CITY SALT LAKE Name.

BLVD., 2472 WASHINGTON OGDEN

777 SO. MAIN ST., ORANGE, CALIFORNIA

Address

City. State Zip

Residents of Utah please add 3'/i% sales tax Era. Jan '65

A TOTAL ELECTRIC

GOLD

Letters MEDALLION and HOME Reports

A wonderful new way to live

UTAH POWER * LIGHT CO.

Buy now from your doalor

NEEDLES. THIMBLES ARE MOTHER, DAUGHTERS

FUNDRAISING TOOLS EARN MEDALLIONS

MIA Maid arid Laurel girls in Salem Ward, Twentyeight years at Mutual is the collecSpanish Fork (Utah) Stake, know the tive years of attendance represented by the gentle arts—and use them to accomplish four gold Medallions in the Wayne Reece

ambitious ends. They made and quilted a family. Mrs. Reece, Caldwell, Idaho, and

quilt which was sold for the ward building her three daughters, Jolene, teacher in fund. The twenty girls won't be forgotten, Nyssa, Oregon, high school; Mrs. Karen

since each one embroidered her signature Ashby, Ontario, Oregon; and LaNae, BYU

across the hooped skirt of one of the sunsenior, all have received the award.

bonneted dolls who are promenading, parasol in hand, across the quilt. MIA SAN DIEGO GIRL

Maid and Laurel leaders are Arlene Hanks EARNS MEDALLION and Wilma Koyle.

THEY SHARE MUTUAL firstMarshaGoldJordanMedallionis the

INTERESTSAND UNUSUAL winner in the San

ACCOMPLISHMENTS Diego Twelfth Ward,

San Diego ( CaliforThe Mutual president is a greatgrand- nia ) Stake. This Gleanmother and the superintendent is a greater girl, who has studgrandfather. That's true in the University ied at BYU, has been

Ward, Utah Stake, in Provo, Utah. Sunday School secre100% PROFIT hasMutualthreeSuperintendentmarried daughters,Wilford Brimhallthirteen tary.

NO INVESTMENT ter.grandchildren,Elder Brimhall,and onewhogreatgranddaugh-is 66, has been ERA FEEDS INTELLECTUAL NEEDS

$60.00 CASH every time 10 members of your a ward teacher for over 50 years. Previous Yesterday during my lunch hour I picked

sell 12 KitchenFresh of cans Choceachgroup to in his the heading ward, he was the issue up YMMIA September of the Improveatolettes can. $1.00 or Coconettes per in counselor a the superintendency, served it ment Era glanced for and through ten size canisters cost The PROFIT!100% various stake boards, on held and minutes. In many those ten minutes anyou for only $1.00! 50c group onelb.each—sell positions. priesthood quorum a lc! that swered question 120 Order bothered had INVESTMENT! EVEN NOT meyourNO

to cans to 30 daysto today. send 1200 up Take President Young for Women's Pope Leona months, a banished worry that had

title,payment. your Give name, phone number is six ten the of children, of mother for years, haunted whom appreciably and me

address, address, complete the name,and living. etc. are has She grandchildren 29 life. and the altered focus of I a my made officer, of quantity group, eachof of 2nd name

Sister greatgrandchild. one silent has been Pope to never be vow without the Imofficedesired, nearest parcel Freight (no and

post). Extras sent FREE to cover shipping cost a teacher and counselor in Primary and has provement Era....

east of Rockies. OFFER OPEN TO GROUPS taught Sunday School and Relief Society. I especially appreciate the intellectual

ONLY! WRITE TODAY! She also served as president previously, approach to our religion in your articles.

when she worked side by side with her

VERNE COLLIER husband,superintendent.Orlan SheC. isPope,an Honorarywho wasGoldenward Truly,Diana Pace

Gleaner. Susanville, California

Dept. 5-14, 900 No. 19th

BIRMINGHAM 3, ALABAMAMA J For More Meaningful Family Nights mmmmmmFamily Night can be the most enjoyable night of the week.

It can also be the most rewarding when you have the thoughts and teachings of outstanding Church leaders as your guide.

The Family Night Package offers you instructions, enlightenment and inspiration for all ages; and will be an invaluable help

in making every family night a very special night.

STORIES OF

2. OUR 3. STORIES

LIVING P0RID6UIH.DKEN OF JESUS FOR

GOSPEL LDS CHILDREN

by Wendell 0. by Jane

Rich Lund

A must book for every LDS family, The A new book explaining Latterday Saint doc- A new approach to Bible reading for young

Family Night Reader is designed to assist trine in a clear, concise manner. The author members of the Church, the story of Jesus

you in discussing Gospel questions with shows how each of us can enrich our lives and other Bible personalities seem to come young people—an indispensible guide for by first understanding these eternal printo life for the young reader. $2.25

teaching the Gospel in the home. $2.50 ciples, and then living them. $3.75

5. Vk MINUTE THIRO 6. THE THIRD

TALK THOUSAND TREASURY YEARS VOL 2 m CL*l0m* by W. Cleon

by Dr. Lindsay R. Skousen

Curtis

off the press, this outstanding new esigned especially for those who must give An outstanding sequel to his best seller, book by Elder Sill literally outlines the way 2 lk minute talks, here is a remarkable col- "The First 2000 Years, 'THE THIRD THOUof success and happiness for its readers. lection of nearly 100 stimulating, stirring SAND YEARS continues with a clear explaMust reading for those in search of success and impressive stories that can be applied nation of the sweeping drama of biblical

in any field. $3.50 to hundreds of different talks. $2.00 events, from the time of Abraham. $5.95

SELECT ANY ONE OR ALL OF THESE FINE FAMILY NIGHT PUBLICATIONS

FROM YOUR NEAREST BOOKCRAFT DEALER OR FROM B00KCRAFT.

7. A PENNY 1186 South Main, Salt Lake City, Utah 1/65

EARNED by Howard D. Please send the following circled books for which I enclose

Lowe and Ruth check or money order for $

5 6 7 Reeve Lowe 12 3 4 NAME This most useful gives LDS new book into ADDRESS a clear, insight families understandable the art of successful money management CITY guide for LDS family—an invaluable

financial planning. $3.00 STATE ZIP

JANUARY 1965 NEW AMERICAN $100.PAYS WEEKLY.

TO YOU THOUSANDS OF READERS WHO KNOW THAT DRINKING AND SMOKING ARE HARMFUL!

You do not drink or smoke... so why pay premiums for those who do?

Why pay the penalty for those hospital in the world. Choose your Here's all you do.

in addition to pay other any own! We Fill right. the at out the application or drink smoke? who insurance carry. you we pay And rates! Notice the amazingly low Enclose

free! in cash... tax to you pick Every day you the paper you direct up it in envelope to mail an and American

read more evidence that drinking and We send out our payments to you Air Temperance Associates, Box 131, LibertySpecial so Mail in have cash you shorten smoking can life. Because they hand ville, Illinois. will get you Upon approval,

is fast. limit there are on the America's leading no And health probnum- among policy your coverpromptly by mail, and lems—leading to cancer, heart trouble, ber of times you can collect. age begins at noon on the effective date

sinus trouble, liver trouble and many of your policy. No salesman will call.

other a prime cause delay! Don't diseases—they're almost Every day 50,000 all sicknesses of 2) We cover hospitalizathe rates high most premium hospitals. people enter of day, one Any and accidents. tion plans should charge. But you pay why could you. Protect yourself be bethem

the price for those drink or smoke? who covers Your policy every confore it's too late! you for

to! Here's no longer have why. You ceivable kind of accident sickness and

except pregnancy; any act of war or AV*yAV7AVyjlXJlJtJLA7AJXVg/A3,l<|

Our rates are based militarytions; or hospitalizationservice; preexistingcaused condiby use

on your superior health of liquor or narcotics. Everything else

The new American Temperance Hospithat could possibly happen to you is talization Plan is not offered to drinkers covered. You'll be protected as never MONEYBACK and smokers, because of the high rates before—at amazingly low rates! they cause. We can bring you a whole GUARANTEE

new set of rates that are unbelievably 3) Other benefits for loss within Read over your policy carefully.

low because they're based on your good health as a nondrinker and nonsmoker. 90 days of accident Ask your minister, lawyer and

Also, it your doctor to American premiTemperance sure examine it. Be (as in described policy) raised never can be because grow ums you it provides exactly say what we or older claims. too for have pay Only $2,000 cash accidental many a We

general rate adjustment up or down could death. We pay $2,000 cash for loss of does. Then, if for any reason at

affect your low rates! And only you can one hand, one foot, or sight of one eye. all you are not 100% satisfied,

for loss pay cash $6,000 cancel your policy. We cannot. We of both just mail your policy back to us eyes, hands, feet. both or both

within will days and im30 we HERE ARE YOUR AMERICAN entire mediately refund your preWe invite close comparison TEMPERANCE PLAN BENEFITS with any other plan. mium. No questions asked. You

.. 1) You receive $100 weekly—There really is no other plan like ours. can gain thousands of dollars

even for life But compare our rates with others for you risk nothing.

similar coverage. Discover for yourself

The very day you enter a hospital you what you save. And remember, there is

begin to get $100 a week cash... as no limit on how long you stay in the hoslong as you are hospitalized, even for pital, no limit on age, no limit on the numlife! Good in any lawfully operated ber of times you can collect!

TEMPERANCE PLAN

LIFE!EVEN FOR

Here at last is a new kind of hospitalization plan for nondrinkers and nonsmokers only! The rates are fantastically low because

"poor risk"drinkers and smokers are excluded. And because your

health is superior... there is absolutely no age limit, no physical

examination, no waiting period. Only you can cancel your policy..

and no salesman will ever call! Starting from the very first

day you enter any hospital...

SEND FOR YOUR POLICY NOW BEFORE IT'S TOO LATE!

i 2094 APPLICATION TO imrunIMDADTAIJT.cl1tCKi An i. CHECKhrstTAILEIAiLfcpremiumIEL0WBfcL0"withANDand applicationuicLuotTOUKINCLUDE YOUR PIONEER LIFE INSURANCE COMPANY, ROCKFORD, ILLINOIS

FOR AT300 { LOOK AT THESE AMERICAN TEMPERANCE HOSPITALIZATION POLICY

Name (PLEASE PRINT) AMERICAN TEMPERANCE LOW RATES

Street or RD # Pay Monthly Pay Yearly

City.Zone..County..State.

Age.Date of Birth.

Month Day Year Each child 18 $080

Occupation.Height. -Weight. and under pays Beneficiary Relationship. 2 $28

I also apply for coverage for the members of my family listed below:

NAME AGE HEIGHT WEIGHT BENEFICIARY Each adult

1. 1964 pays $Q803 $38

3. Each adult $C90 To the best of your knowledge and belief, are you and all members listed above in good health 65100 pays 5 $59

free physical or any from impairment, disease? and Yes

of best or your knowledge, have you above Q NolistedD had medical advice or To the any member treatment, or have you or they been advised to have a surgical operation in the last five years? SAVE TWO MONTHS PREMIUM BY PAYIN6 YEARLY!

If details stating give so, please Yes person affected, cause, date, name and fully physician, addressD ofNattendingQ recovered. whether and

Mail this application with your first premium to

AMERICAN - Neither I nor any person listed above uses tobacco or alcoholic beverages, and I hereby apply for a policy based on the understanding that the policy does not cover conditions originating its effective date, prior to and that the policy is issued solely and entirely in reliance upon the TEMPERANCE ASSOCIATES to the answers questions. above written

Date: Signed: X Box 131. Libertyville, Illinois

AT- 1 AT

JANUARY 1965 MUSIC FOR SINGING MOTHERS How Do I Love Thee 20 23rd Psalm - Schubert 25 The Fall ofO Saviour of the World 25

Eternal Life 25 God of All Nature 30 KhrushchevGo Ye Forth With My Word 25

Abide With Me 20 THESE TIMES Onward Christian Soldiers 30 By Dr. G. Homer Durham

Bridge Builder 20 President, Arizona State University, Tempe

Lord Bless Thee and Keep Thee 20 In His Steps 25 Hear My Prayer 25 Be Ye Strong 25 Gospel Gives Unbounded Strength 30 In My Father's House Are Many Mansions Solo 60 SATB 25 SSA Not Published

Music Sent on Approval Write for Our Choral Catalog For All Your Musical Needs Write

The retirement October 15, 1964, of to bring the Russian economy to the

Nikita Khrushchev as First Secretary point where it might produce a simiaffluence. successes Soviet with party the Russian and lar Co. of communist Music w327 Broadway spacecraft rocketry probably of Minisof the and Council Chairman

Idaho Falls, Idaho ters ranked among the major events brought him his greatest satisfactions of the year. To be First Secretary of along these lines. His visit to the

"irrrwwTTirTr'the party is, in the simplest terms of United States in 1959 and the "decommon understanding, to be chief bate"with Richard Nixon at the retirement priest in Russia. To be Chairman of Moscow fair afforded other insights

dreams chiefthe Councilmagistrate.of ToMinistershold bothis officesto be intoclimactichis "prowestern"circumstances outlook.marking Thethis

hisfor in Russian of the Khrushchev to wield both role power come true is his tory "state"society "church"in a have been by marked and may in the which recognizes no right for attack on "the cult of personality,"beautiful churchesIn modernor nonstateRussia, forgroupsmosttoofexist.the vanchethe reburialwith Redof Stalin,China. and the retime since the revolution of 1917, The dislike of oneman rule runs

this union of the state's religion, comthrough western civilization. Such a

munism, with the machinery of govcurrent is little evident in Russia's community communisternment hasonepartybeen characteristicauthoritarianof itByzantinewas evidentheritage.by theButtimein theof "west"Solon

Park you'll enjoy nat- n Summit ural landscaping by ism. Khrushchev's immediate successof Athens. Then, in Woodrow Wilsurrounded

majestic pines... an unmatched ors, announced the same day, were son's phrase, "kingship was put into

view, recreational proximity to facilities in an established mounLeonid Brezhnev and Aleksei Kosycommission"(meaning a plural extain homesite development just 20 minutes from downtownall gin. Brezhnev, in this interpretation, ecutive, the Board of Archons).

Salt Lake City. became "chief priest."Kosygin beKhrushchev's attack on the "cult of

Summit Park is a community of approximately 30 came chief of government in a system personality,"even though he may modern homes at the present time. Natural gas, where the machinery of government have composed one for himself,

electricity, telephones and paved roads serve the takes its orders from the communist has to be viewed from the standpoint area with shopping facilities now being planned. partypriests. Whether this separaof western foreign relations as well

Investigate the value of a Summit Park homesite tion will long continue is a focal as Russian domestic propaganda. The

today. question. widening breach with Red China,

It was long plain to observers under Khrushchev, can also be inroughly familiar with Russian history terpreted as a hidden preference for

Mr. Jim Debenham that Khrushchev, as Russians go, was western ways, as well as a phase of Project Manager

Park View 245 Road "prowestern."His admiration for the the internal power struggle of EuraPark, Utah Summit

Please send me. at no obligation, the free affluence of the west, whether West sian communism.

four color brochure on Summit Park. Germany, Britain, France, or the The faint prospect, a slight tendNAME United States, spurred his ambition ency towards responsible government

ADDRESS

CITY PHONE

in Russia rather than Stalinistic dictatorship was undoubtedly made necessary by the rise of the scientistprofessional class in Russia. Russia,

like all contemporary governments, is dependent for its ultimate power, militarily and diplomatically, on educated brain power. Khrushchev's

relaxation of some Soviet extremism in domestic life was in all likelihood dictated by the dawning consciousness of this necessity. Soviet

leadership has long used the knowledge that some cannot be driven, that they have to be led by their own real or imagined consent.

What about American foreign policy and such a tendency?

There is one view of political behavior that argues for reducing the pressure under such circumstances.

This is based on the assumption that too great pressure upon an unfriendly regime from the outside produces greater unity within. Families

quarrel among themselves, for example. But let the neighbors question

one of the quarrelers. Family indignation rises. The family comes to

the defense of the injured member.

Family unity appears. Where and

when to put the pressure on Khrushchev and when to relax the same ALL OF THIS ON MY was one of the "games"Americanand other diplomats essayed in the ACCOUNT?

past decade. This phase of power Whether she saves one dollar... or $10,000, she'll be

politics was rendered unusually difpleasantly surprised to find that saving at DFS will be one ficult and different because of the of her most pleasant experiences... and that savings EARN

problem of trying to detect when MORE... a profitable 4V2% current rate. 58year-old Deseret

Khrushchev's behavior was based, if Federal invites you to come in and get acquainted with all ever, on historic Russian selfinterest of the EXTRAS that go to make savings at DFS both profitand when it was part and parcel of able and safe, and you'll find extra friendly people ready the new and greatly feared tactics of to serve you. You don't have to wait to receive these high

revolutionary communism. earnings when you save at DFS.

In any event, the problem of "Khrushchev management"from the standpoint of American, NATO, and other western foreign policies, was probably easier than had he been, again in the Russian sense, less "prowestern."Former President Eisenhower was quoted as saying, "I am—lPiHfn

not one of those who feel too good about Khrushchev being removed."

If Khrushchev's successors have atendency toward a "prowestern"wmmmm,SAVINGS AND LOAN ASSOCIATION attitude, it could be easier than if they are frankly, firmly, and clearly 44 SO. MAIN, SALT LAKE 95 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO

historicalof the Russian school that (i.e.,is antiwestern nor BOARD OF DIRECTORS not bemused

becalmed on occasion by secret adJOSEPH E. KJAR MARK B. GARFF

miration of the affluence of the Chairman Contractor and Builder west). If there is no shred of secret AttorneyGEORGE M. CANNON T.VicePresidentWM. COCKAYNEand Director

admiration, there will be only naked CLARENCE H. TINGEY UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

lust, intrigue, and greed to possess President HUGH B. BROWN

(Continued on page 50) First Presidency L.D.S. Church |

JANUARY 1965 n dignity, comfort and beauty—

plus the privacy of individual seating The Church With traditional dignity and beauty, Moves and the modern convenience and comfort of coilspring seats, these chairs ideal are for your house of On worship or auditorium. Maximum

privacy is inherent in the individual styling of each unit, and the EzyLift OCTOBER 1964 seats provide ample passageway.

Luxurious HeywoodWakefield seating is available in a wide Elder Boyd L. Hansen sustained as president of Denver South

of variety aisle ends, beautiful fine fabrics. colors, and Write today (Colorado) Stake, succeeding President R. Raymond Barnes.

for free catalog. Elders William B. Gogarty and Dean C. Argyle were sustained as

counselors. President Hansen was serving as first counselor to Presi-

'::::: -; dent Barnes. Elder Alan Roberts was released as second counselor.

For the first time since June, President David O. McKay attended the weekly meeting of the First Presidency and Council

of the Twelve in the Salt Lake Temple.

The First Presidency urged members to participate in the

November 3 general election. "Above all else,"the statement

read in part, "strive to support good and conscientious candidates of either party who are aware of the great dangers inherent in communism and who are truly dedicated to the Constitution in the..."HEYWOODJIU tradition of our Founding Fathers.

WAKEFIELD President Hugh B. Brown of the First Presidency celebrated II w his eightyfirst birthday today.

HEYWOODWAKEFIELD, MENOMINEE, MICH. The First Presidency announced the appointment of Elder

James B. Keysor as president of the Central States Mission,

succeeding President Wayne C. Player, who will return to the Salt

Lake Valley and become manager of the new Deseret Gymnasium.

He held that position at the old gym. President Keysor is a native Armstrong of Salt Lake City but a resident of Burbank, California. He is presAmerica's most famous ently serving as Aaronic PriesthoodYouth secretary in the Burbank

rose originator, offers 4 Ward.counselor,He bishop,has servedstakeas MIApresidentsuperintendent,of an elderspresidentquorum,of bishop'sa stake

exclusive new roses mission, and member of a high council. His wife Bernice Brain

Keysor and their youngest daughter Kathryn will accompany him to the mission field. The couple has five children.

Lotte Gunthart Song of Paris Sweet Afton Blithe Spirit Campaigning in Utah for the second time, President and Mrs.

Lyndon B. Johnson breakfasted at Hotel Utah with President

SEND FOR FREE and Sister David O. McKay.

FULLCOLOR CATALOG [Jl The prededication viewing period closed at the Oakland ruby red resembling A all, more than 400,000 visitors were shown through a double giant camel- J Temple. In

lia, a pale pink with the new temple. The largest number came on the first Saturday,

exceptional a fragrance, superb lavender a October 10, when there were 24,000 visitors. and

prolific pink. deep exNOVEMBER 1964 are an you Whether

pert, or planting your first roses, of Elder ton Alldredge, reappointment recently The O. Lay Catalog is a trustworthy accurately describes latest the theguide—varieties,Armstrong of leased as president the African Mission, to the priestthe South

AllAmerica other Winners and popuhood missionary committee, was announced. lar favorites. fullcolor Over 125 photos.

Many moneysaving special offers. Elder Thorpe B. Isaacson, Assistant to the Council of the

MAIL COUPON TODAY Twelve, was named as a director of Nauvoo Restoration, Inc. at its

"1 meeting in Nauvoo, Illinois.

Armstrong Nurseries The appointment of Elder Neal A. Maxwell to the general

1239 So. Palmetto Ave. board of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement Association Ontario, Calif. 91764

Please mail immediately your fullcolor was announced.

Rose Catalog for 1965, with complete The First Presidency announced that on January 1, 1965 the information about your four exclusive new roses, other roses, and moneysaving Pacific Board of Education would be discontinued. At that date

special offers.

Name the church colleges, high schools, and elementary schools on the

Address.

City. State Zip J

to THE IMPROVEMENT ERA islands of the Pacific will become part of the Unified Church School

System.

President David O. McKay and

many of the General Authorities enplaned at Salt Lake City for

Oakland, California, where the fifteenth temple of this dispensation, the thirteenth now functioning, will be dedicated tomorrow.

"This is an holy hour...,"

President David O. McKay said

as he greeted the Saints at the beginning of the dedication session at the Oakland this morning Temple. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY full hearts this morning,"are "OurTemple President Delbert F. Wright PURCHASES KNABE—

of his address. the beginning said at

blessTHE OFFICIAL PIANO OF THE METROPOLITAN OPERA the us "Give to match members ings of the temple,"said President

O. Leslie Stone of the OaklandYou'll find six Knabe Grands in the new Franklin S. Harris Fine

Berkeley Stake, chairman of the Arts Center. And have you noticed how many other handsome

temple district, during his address. churches and fine public buildings are choosing Knabe?

Two dedicatoiy sessions were held today, two on Wednesday, the 18th, and two on the 19th. President Church and civic leaders who know the worth of a fine piano

McKay has dedicated five of the specify Knabe. Long a favorite of teachers and professional

temples of the Church: two in musicians, Knabe's renowned voice, sensitive response and deEurope, one in New Zealand, and pendable service have set it apart as the Official Piano of the

two in California. Metropolitan Opera.

Many LDS congregations in the United States held special Write today for the name of your nearest Knabe dealer and reThanksgiving Day services on this ceive a handsome catalog depicting and describing the many national holiday. quality features of Knabe.

Six elders from the Andes Mission have been assigned to open the gospel door in Bolivia. The missionaries will labor first in the cities

of La Paz and Cochabamba.

DECEMBER 1964 The reappointment of Dr. natrt

Ernest L. Wilkinson as chancellor of the Unified Church School East Rochester, N.Y.

System and as president of Brigham Signature of Quality PianosYoung University was announced. A

Dr. Wilkinson resigned last January

to campaign for election to the

United States Senate.

Death claimed Mrs. Vilate 11 rr

Romney Ivins, 79, wife of President Antoine R. Ivins of the First BURNED OUT

Council of the Seventy. Never REALLY MEANS BURNED OUT TODAY

blessed with children of their own, she and President Ivins had given A fire may mean you are out of a place to live, their love wherever they had been with tremendous added expense before you find assigned to labor: at the Lund Farm another.

home for boys, at the church sugar Let us explain your need for ample insurance atplantation Laie, Hawaii, and to to cover today's higher values. after Presidentthe whole Church

Ivins was called to the First Council of the Seventy in 1931. UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City

JANUARY 196S II THE EDITOR'S PAGE

Who are these children that come to gladden the There are little cords of influence that are binding hearts of man and wife and make them father and and shaping the little babe's life, the little boy's life, mother? More than once I have used this definition: until youth begins to be bound by the cable and later

The child is as a sweet new blossom of humanity, fresh in life by the chain—the chain of habit.

fallen from God's home, to flower here on earth. Forces that are throwing out these little cords into

That many agencies are affecting the child you well the children's lives are the home, the playground, the know. But in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday school, the gang, and society. Unnumbered thousands

Saints, first comes the home. Upon fathers and mothers of people are working today, trying to direct the inthe Lord placed one of the greatest responsibilities fluences of the school, the playground, society, and

that can come to human beings. Hear again what business so that these cords will lead youth in the

he says: right direction. All these forces are outside the home.

"... inasmuch as parents have children in Zion, or But the first and most important agency in child

in any of her stakes which are organized, that teach development and education is the family. "The virtuthem not to understand the doctrine of repentance, ous home is the basis of all national prosperity."

faith in Christ the Son of the living God, and of bap- "The strength of the nation, especially of a republitism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on can nation,"says one writer, "is in the intelligent, wellof the hands, when eight years old, the sin be upon ordered homes of the people.

the heads of the parents."(D&C 68:25.) "To make men out of boys, and women out of girls,

I believe that parents generally are doing this, yet there is no place like home."

I am convinced that there is still much opportunity for What are these fundamental home influences in improvement in this regard. The outlines for your child life? I shall name first physical environment.

family evening programs, the use of which begins this The physical security of the child is dependent upon month throughout the Church, will enable you to do the protection largely of his home. A good home inmore. volves a fair knowledge on the part of the parents, and

Make every hour, every moment that you spend especially of the mother, of needed physical care, together as a family precious indeed. Your example proper nutrition, hygienic living, preventing disease,

will teach your children more effectively than what adequate shelter, proper clothing, pure food, includyou say. Out of our homes come the future leaders of ing water, fresh air, and protection from accident. A

the Church and of the government. good home requires good health habits through par12 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY

ents'instruction and example in eating, sleeping, and though it is the most abstract in a child's life. I refer to

proper exercise. I need not dwell upon this phase the personal influence of the home. The most imof the fundamental conditions of a good home; if we portant factor in child life is the interaction of personcan have properly ventilated homes, if we know what alities within the family group.

kind of food to give to the children, we are contributWho can measure the influence of the home? Health

ing to the health and happiness of the home. is important, and physical environment and culture

I wish to offer as the second influence opportunities equally important, but most important of all is that for education. Parents must lead in the cultural decombination of personal influence centered in sacredvelopment and show a willingness to answer questions. ness in the mother. If we can only get the spirit of the

A child who is asking questions is contributing happigospel in our homes—just get our boys and girls to feel

ness to your life. Fortunate is the child whose parents that love for parents and for each other and love for

can leave their work occasionally to encourage him the gospel through mother—our problems are solved.

in constructive play or to spend a few hours with him God help us to put into our homes, to a great degree, in nature study. Who can tell the cultural value of such the ideals of the gospel of Jesus Christ. To be practical

association of a child with his mother—a child who let us have these boys kneel with us more frequently

beholds the glorious sunset, the beauties of nature, and in prayer. That is one practical thing to do. Through

who sees the snowcapped peaks through his father's family prayer let parents and children come into the or his mother's eyes? In later life he will never look at presence of God. Let us talk more frequently of the

either without thinking of his parents. These are the gospel and ask and answer questions pertaining theretender cords that lead youth into paths of tenderness to. Follow always the commandments of God to the

and humanity. people in this dispensation. In the scripture already

Let us inculcate into the lives of our children a quoted, "... inasmuch as parents have children in Zion,

nobility of soul that leads them instinctively to love or in any of her stakes which are organized, that teach the beautiful, the genuine, the virtuous, and as inthem not to understand the doctrine of repentance, stinctively to turn from the ugly, the spurious, and faith in Christ the Son of the living God, and of bapthe vile. tism and the gift of the Holy Ghost by the laying on of

These are important, the physical and cultural enthe hands, when eight years old, the sin be upon the vironment, but I have merely mentioned them to lead heads of the parents."( Idem. )

you up to what I consider the most important, even God bless the homes of the Latterday Saints.

JANUARY 1965 13 HOME TEACHING

v!!!*fc

>//EW

question: "We have been inin the sacred volumes which are

structed that at regular intervals within the reach of all members of special teachers, called home teachthe Church. It would save us from

ers, will come into our homes to many difficulties and false conIf clusions. for be pardoned I may teach us and keep us in the path of YOUR

saying it, I think of members many duty, to according divine comthe Church will be condemned for mandments. The Lord gave the

their failure to search for knowlChurch this commandment through edge which is given in clearness in the Prophet Joseph Smith in the our standard works. When will the

beginning of this dispensation, and time come which was spoken of by TION this responsibility was definitely asthe Prophet Jeremiah:

signed as a regular practice in the "Behold, the days come, saith the direction Church under the I will a make new coveIsrael, several of the ANSWERED BY nantLord,withthat the of bishops house and several wards. of the

We certainly hope that this move with the house of Judah: does not mean that the commandJOSEPH "Not according to the covenant

ment the Lord gave to the Prophet that I made with their fathers in the FIELDING day that I took them by the hand to Joseph Smith has failed, and thereof bring of out the land them rnn x fore brethren with this special apS1\/r1VX X J. 1 Egypt; covenant which they my

pointment are necessary to carry on PRESIDENT OF brake, although I was an husband this important the work which Lord saith them, unto the Lord: THE COUNCIL edict. has given by divine Are we this shall "But be the covenant

failing in the keeping of this comOF THE TWELVE that I will make with the house of mandment?'% Israel; After those days, saith the

Lord, I will put my law in their inanswer: The direct commandment of the Lord as ward parts, and write it in their hearts; and will be

recorded in the Doctrine and Covenants is not to be their God, and they shall be my people.

set aside. The regularly appointed teachers by the "And they shall teach no more every man his neighseveral bishops may and should continue to carry on bour, and every man his brother, saying, Know the

with their appointed duties given them by divine Lord; for they shall all know me, from the least of

revelation. These special appointments are to augment them, saith the Lord; for I will forgive their iniquity,

and stimulate this important obligation given by and I will remember their sins no more."(Jer. 31:

divine decree. 3134.)

What a wonderful thing it would be if the memIt has always been an astonishment to me that so bers of the Church, one and all, would spend more many members of the Church fail to prepare themtime reading and studying what the Lord has revealed selves by study and by faith to know the truth. How

14 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA many fathers in Israel take time out once a week, or the children are privileged to ask questions and receive every two weeks, or even once a month, to sit down instruction on these vital topics? May I ask this imwith the members of their families and have an hour portant question: How many families in The Church

or two in study, reflection, and consideration of the of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints have regular fundamental teachings of the gospel of Jesus Christ? night and morning family prayer? Those who neglect

This is a duty which each parent owes to his family. to do so are displeasing the Lord and are entitied to

No male member of this Church should be so busy the same rebuke which the Lord gave some of the or so completely occupied in this world's affairs that leading elders of the Church in the early days. No

he cannot take out time an evening each week to sit parent should depend solely on the organizations of down with his family and teach them and have a disthe Church for the training of the children. They

cussion on the fundamental principles of the gospel. I should be taught to pray regularly, secretly as well as

often think of the rebuke the Lord gave to Frederick G. in the family circle. The counsel that Alma and Amulek

Williams and Sidney Rigdon because they had failed gave to the straying Zoramites is just as essential to to teach their children and bring them up "in light the Latterday Saints today as it was two thousand and truth."How many other parents in Israel are years ago.

worthy of a similar rebuke? "Yea, cry unto him for mercy; for he is mighty to

Now we are appointing special teachers to go into save.

the homes and teach the several families of the Church, "Yea, humble yourselves, and continue in prayer

I would like to suggest to every father of a family that unto him.

this directive is not enough and by no means relieves "Cry unto him when ye are in your fields, yea, over the father in the home of the responsibility which the all your flocks.

Lord has placed on him to instruct the members of his "Cry unto him in your houses, yea, over all your own family and bring them up in light and truth. household, both morning, midday, and evening.

Special teachers coming into the homes are not, and "Yea, cry unto him against the power of your must not be, something that relieves the father enemies.

in the home from his responsibility to teach his own "Yea, cry unto him against the devil, who is an family and bring them up "in light and truth,"and enemy to all righteousness.

nothing provided by the Authorities of the Church "Cry unto him over the crops of your fields, that must relieve the father of die family from his privilege ye may prosper in them.

and bounden duty which the Lord has placed upon "Cry over the flocks of your fields, that they may him to teach the members of his family by example increase.

and precept, and the holding of the weekly family "But this is not all; ye must pour out your souls in

evening meetings as being promoted presently by the your closets, and your secret places, and in your

Church will be a great help in this regard. wilderness.

How many fathers take time out to gather their "Yea, and when you do not cry unto the Lord, let children around them and have weekly family hours your hearts be full, drawn out in prayer unto him conin which free and interesting discussions of the fundatinually for your welfare, and also for the welfare of mental principles of the gospel are considered, where those who are around you."(Alma 34:1827.)

JANUARY 1965 15 The Oakland Temple on dedication day. This picture shows

the north approach with its two fountains, flowing stream, and rows of palm trees.

OAKLAND TEMPLE NOV. 1719, 1964

( )DEDICATION

BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR

"Oh, how lovely was the morning,"as the sun rose surpassing even this view is the spiritual beauty of the over the hills of Oakland, summoning the faithful Oakland Temple, visible for many miles out to sea, who were privileged to attend the first dedicatory especially at night when it glows pure and holy with service of the exquisite Oakland Temple. This first an ethereal quality, like a vision of loveliness. Some

day inaugurated the beautiful weather which followed, of the group arriving for the dedication compared making the three days of the dedication a neverto- the Oakland Temple with the Taj Mahal as they apbe-forgotten memory. proached the temple from the front gates. Like the

President O. Leslie Stone, chairman of the stake Taj Mahal at Agra, India, the temple had been erected

presidencies in charge of the general committee of the for the dead—but unlike the Taj Mahal, it had been

Oakland Temple District, said in the first session that built not as a sterile tomb for a lost loved one; its

those in charge had prayed for good weather, since erection had been prompted that both the living and in the days prior to the services several inches of rain the dead may live again in an eternal, resurrected state had fallen in the area. The prayers were answered, with their Eternal Father.

and more than twelve hundred gathered quietly, The approach to the gates is indeed wondrous:

prayerfully, and reverently within the temple itself, It helped set the stage for the spiritual experience that and more than 4800 met in the same spirit in the adfollowed. The strikingly white temple with its golden

jacent stake center and ward houses which had, like towers points to the clear blue sky. The water flows

the assembly rooms in the temple, been equipped with down the center, with small bridges crossing it in closedcircuit television for observation of the sacred several places so that one may meditate as he pauses.

proceedings. From the second level of the temple, water drops in

The approach to the Oakland Temple is one of in- a clear, wide sheet to a fountain, from which it passes spiration, for it is located on Temple Hill. The hill atop into a reflection pool centered in front of the temple.

which the temple stands in splendid majesty overlooks Two large fountains, at the front of the admission gates the glorious OaklandSan Francisco Bay with its blue and before the gates to the temple area itself, send waters reaching into the Golden Gate from the mighty their inviting sound to those who walk by. In the

Pacific. The skyline of this bay is breathtaking, but evening, colored lights in the fountains and the stream

16 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA prayers. President Stone stated that even in the face

of the contributions that were made for the temple, tithing in the district had increased ten percent.

Everyone who contributed knew that his sacrifice had resulted in untold blessings. President Stone

praised the people for their faith, loyalty, and devotion in giving their donations at the time they said they would contribute. And he fittingly said, "Give

us members to match the beauty and sturdiness of these buildings and the grounds."He told of the

service of the men and women who went farther

President David O. McKay stands with (I to r) Presidents than the call of duty. The night before the temple

Joseph Fielding Smith and Hugh B. Brotvn and N. Eldon was opened for public viewing, the men were laying

Tanner, O. Leslie Stone, and Delbert F. Wright.

grass until two a.m.

When Temple President Delbert F. Wright spoke,

are attractive as the water flows over the white stones he said that one word only could convey the innerin the creek bed. most feelings of those who had yearned for this day.

The paths to the temple lie beside two rows of That one word was "appreciation."

matched palms which flank the walks along the edge The Relief Society sisters came in turns daily to of the stream. From this stirring approach the visitors clean the temple, President Wright stated.

reach the temple with reverence and expectation. The appreciation was intensified by the attendance

The temple, stake center, and meetinghouses were of their beloved President McKay who had counseled opened at eight o'clock in the morning each of the with them during the years of planning and bluethree days to accommodate the huge crowds that printing and erecting this temple, the fifteenth of this came. Those who entered these buildings early sat dispensation.

quietly and hushed, waiting reverently. Shortly before With the tears came the great satisfaction of knownine music was played on the temple organ. ing that God is no respector of persons and that he

As they gathered, the General Authorities of the wants his Saints everywhere and of all times to have

Church took their seats in the center section of the the blessings of the sacred ordinances—if they live

celestial room, directly in front of the First Presidency, worthily and work faithfully to merit them.

who faced them. It was a thrilling experience to see Music swelled to the vaulted ceiling of the celestial

these men of authority and to know that the Lord has room and on the closed television circuit reached those indeed chosen men of rare knowledge, integrity, and in the temple assembly rooms as well as the stake vision to lead his children in these, the days of fulcenter and the wards. And each group that sang, from

filment. whatever stakes they came within the temple district,

When President David O. McKay entered, accomgave a special interpretation and spiritual uplift to the

panied by his two Counselors, President Hugh B. music which they rendered.

Brown and President N. Eldon Tanner, he raised his The songs selected had particular significance for

hand in greeting to the Councils, who, like the others the occasion: "The Morning Breaks, the Shadows

in the temple, were standing to show their deference Flee,""An Angel from on High,""The Hosanna Anto the prophet called by God to direct the Church in them,"with the congregation joining in by singing, this the Dispensation of the Fulness of Times, a crucial "The Spirit of God like a Fire Is Burning."Each renperiod in world history. dition was so movingly sung that every assemblage

Tears flowed from the eyes of those in the celestial was deeply satisfied. The Hosanna Shout was particroom; emotions were on the surface as the leaders and ipated in only by those who were within the confines

the Saints of the Oakland Temple District who have of the temple. "Bless This House"with special words

worked so diligently to bring the dream to a reality for this occasion was rendered as a solo by gifted saw the fruition of this longawaited day. Sacrifice singers in each dedicatory service: Jessie Evans Smith,

had gone into the building—sacrifice of many that Ewan Harbrecht Mitten, C. Edwin Segale, Normand

many might be blessed. Children had given of their Oldham, Claire Richards, Estrella Olszowaka.

precious pennies; older people had given in the face The room from which the dedicatory services

of their own seeming need; and all had been blessed originated promoted an exalted mood by its beauty

with the results of their work, their sacrifices, and their and loftiness. The room is thirtyeight feet square,

JANUARY 1965 17 with a thirtyfive foot high ceiling. It is exquisite with to the person by an increased sense of peace, humility,

its harmony of goldentoned marble imported from and reverence.

Italy and Prima Vera goldenhued wood from South From the moment the President entered the room,

America. 1 Long panels of translucent glass in the a sense of miracle was experienced by all present. His

corners of the rooms have soft lights behind them very presence was a miracle, following his long, critical which give the illusion of outer windows. And it is illness. And when he spoke, his voice was distinct and

with some wonder that people in the temple suddenly clear and powerful. He himself stated that when he

realize that there are no outside windows in this began to speak he could feel the Power that strengthnewest of temples, the thirteenth temple now in service ened his vocal cords.

in the Church. The carpeting in this room is a golden President McKay's address prior to his reading of

deeppile velvet, and the draperies are of the same the dedicatory prayer was masterful. It sounded a

tone. The harmony of the room at once conveys itself ringing challenge to all who would enter the temples.

O God,THEour Eternal Father, Creator DEDICATORYof the heavens, by thine own appearance, and the appearance of thy the earth, and all things therein, we, thy children, Beloved Son to the Prophet Joseph Smith, on which assemble here in sacred service with hearts full of occasion thou didst say, "This is My Beloved Son. Hear

gratitude unto thee for thy many blessings unto us. Him!"We are thankful for the message which he

We are grateful for the knowledge that we have of gave to the whole world that thou dost live; that

our relationship to thee; that thou art our Father, to thou dost hear and answer prayer; that Jesus Christ

whom we may go for inspiration and guidance and, is the Savior of the world, and that through him death when in time of trouble and stress, with our hearts has been conquered and the soul of man set free full of hope and desire we may go as to our earthly from death.

father. We are grateful that under thy guidance and inHelp us to free our minds from idle thoughts, and spiration the Church of Jesus Christ was organized

our souls from selfish and envious feelings, that in in its entirety, which gives opportunity to every man, sincerity and truth we may assemble as one in singlewoman, and child to render service to humanity in an ness of purpose in love of thee, of one another, and organized way. We are grateful beyond expression

of all sincere people throughout the world. for its influence throughout the world today. Extend

O Father, wilt thou grant unto us thy guidance this influence, O Father, that peace may soon be and thy Spirit while we are thus assembled, and may established upon the earth.

we know that the channel of communication between We are grateful that, following thy glorious revelathee and us is now open. May we feel and know that tion to the Prophet Joseph Smith, thou didst in this

we are partakers in reality of thy divine Spirit. dispensation restore by heavenly messengers the

To that end, let us come before thee in sincerity of Aaronic and Melchizedek Priesthood, and subseheart and purity of life. May what we say and do be quently all the keys of the priesthood ever held by thy

wholly in accordance with thy mind and will. prophets from the days of Adam through Abraham

We are grateful that thou didst send thy Beloved and Moses to Malachi, who held the power to "... turn

Son into the world to reveal unto humanity thine existthe heart of the fathers to the children, and the heart ence and to establish on earth the way that men of the children to their fathers..."down to the latest

should go in order to return into thy presence as thy generation. For this completeness and consistency of

sons and daughters. restoration of authority, we express gratitude today

We are grateful that throughout the dark ages, and praise thy holy name.

when this light of truth became practically obliterated, We are grateful for this land of America, "... choice

that thou didst restore the gospel in this dispensation above all other lands...."The freedom vouchsafed

18 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In his address he said, "Those who.now take advantage join with us, we shall now offer the dedicatory prayer."

of the house of God take upon themselves obligations In three of the subsequent services President McKay when they kneel at the altar, and each couple becomes also offered the dedicatory prayer. In all six sessions

man and wife. Furthermore, this obligation reaches he addressed the assemblages. It was indeed a miracle;

out telling the world that there is no death...."and the temple itself is a miracle, offering as it does

Then the crowning blessing came to those whose blessings of the Lord to all who enter its sacred doors;

dreams that day were realized—the dedicatory prayer. and these blessings need never end—here or hereafter—

In preface to it, President McKay said: "It is now my if only the participants remember to keep the comprivilege to represent you, and all the Church, in the mandments of the Lord and live lives of worthiness to

giving of your efforts, in giving what you have prohim who rules the heaven and the earth and all that duced, to our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ for the in jhem lie.

glory of his works. If you will bow your heads, and BurtonThe andImprovementW. Aird Era,Macdonald,May 1964,p. 380ff."The Oakland Temple,"Harold W.

BY PRESIDENT DAVID O. MCKAY GIVEN AT THE DEDICATORY SERVICES OF THE OAKLAND TEMPLE, HELD

TWICE DAILY, NOVEMBER 17, 18, AND 19, 1964.PRAYER by the Constitution of the United States, which guarBless with health and wisdom thy servant whom

antees to every man the right to worship thee in thou hast called to lead thy Church in this day. Conaccordance with the dictates of his own conscience, tinue to reveal to him thy mind and will as it pertains

made possible the establishment of The Church of to the growth and advancement of thy work among

Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. O Father, may the the children of men. Bless abundantly his Counselors.

American people not forget thee! Help us to see the May the First Presidency be united by the Spirit and

greatness of this country. We express gratitude for Power of God in all their labors, and in every thought,

the right of the people to resort to the ballot, and for word, and act may they glorify thy name. Here in this

freedom to meet in legislative halls to settle problems surstrength,"citadel spiritual Temple, "a The Oakland of hills. is It the visible for and disputes without fear or coercion of dictators, mounting many miles. East Bay

secret police, or slave camps. Help people everywhere to sense more clearly that government exists

for the protection of the individual—not the individual

for the government.

We pray for this country. Bless the President of the

United States that he may have wisdom supreme to save the world as well as this nation from devastating war. Bless those associated with him. May they be

enlightened and guided by thy Spirit to maintain and uphold the glorious principles of human liberty!

We express gratitude to thee for the men whom thou hast chosen to lead the Church from the Prophet

Joseph Smith, his brother Hyrum, and their associates, and their successors through the years down to the present General Authorities—the First Presidency,

the Council of the Twelve Apostles, the Assistants to the Twelve, the Patriarch to the Church, the First

Council of the Seventy, the Presiding Bishopric. Confer

upon each of them a rich endowment of thy Spirit that under their guidance the gospel may go forth to all the nations of the earth.

JANUARY 196S 19 The temple at night is as President McKay prayed, that it "would be visible as a beacon to ships as they enter the

Golden Gate from the farflung nations of the earth"

holy house, with humility and deep gratitude, we mount the East Bay hills, one that would be visible acknowledge thy divine guidance and inspiration. as a beacon to ships as they entered the Golden Gate

Help us to magnify our callings and to preach to all from the farflung nations of the earth."We are

the world the freedom which the gospel gives. For grateful, also, for the foresight of the faithful men who

truth is freedom and gives the right to worship, to were appointed as a committee in 1934 to locate a site work, the right to serve. Help us never to lose sight of for a temple and were inspired of thee to choose this

these blessings. glorious site upon which this temple now stands. We

Bless the presidencies of stakes, high councils, are grateful that through thy divine intervention the bishoprics of wards, presidencies of branches, presisite was made available and that thy servant, President dencies of the Melchizedek and Aaronic Priesthood Heber J. Grant, authorized its purchase, and that in

quorums, presidencies and superintendencies of aux1961 the decision was made to build this holy house.

iliary organizations throughout the world. Guide them We are especially grateful, O Heavenly Father, for

that they may be equal to the responsibility placed the committee of stake presidencies who have had upon them. Keep the officers of the quorums and general charge of the organizing and building of this

auxiliary organizations united, we beseech thee. Keep temple. Bless them for their devotion and unselfish

them one as thou and thy Son are one, for unity is a service.

great uplifting principle of the gospel of Jesus Christ. This temple, the fifteenth, which has now been

Forget not, we beseech thee, thy servants who preerected to thy holy name, is a monument testifying to side over the missions of the Church throughout the the faith and loyalty of the members of thy Church in world, together with all the missionaries who have the payment of their tithes and offerings. We are

gone forth to proclaim to the peoples of the world the grateful that the members of the Church recognize restoration of the gospel and the plan of salvation. that the payment of tithes and offerings brings blessProtect them from all evil and bless them with the ings and makes possible the proclamation of truth and

gifts and powers of their ministry. Bless their families contributes to the carrying out of thy purposes through

that they may be sustained in peace and comfort. the building of chapels, tabernacles, and eventually

We are thankful that thou didst inspire thy Prophet temples wherever the Church is organized.

Brigham Young to prophesy to the Saints who had We invoke thy blessings particularly upon thy come around Cape Horn under the presidency of people in this temple district who have so willingly

Samuel Brannan in 1847 that "in the process of time, and generously contributed their means, time, and the shores of the Pacific may yet be overlooked from effort to the completion of this holy temple.

the Temple of the Lord,"and that later, in 1924, We are grateful for the spirit of cooperation that

Elder George Albert Smith of the Council of the has influenced the men and women in this city and

Twelve envisioned that one day "a Temple would sursurrounding towns. We thank thee for the cooperation

20 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA of the mayor, the city council, the Chamber of Comprayer, a house of praise, a house of worship, a house merce, and the united action of all who have seen of inspiration and communion with thee.

in vision the value of the house of God. We pray thee, Heavenly Father, to accept this

We thank thee for every effort that has been put building in all its parts, and to guard it from foundaforth by the members, from every sacrifice that has tion to the towers which stand aloft. Protect it from

been made by the young boys and girls who have earthquakes, hurricanes, tempestuous storms or other given of their dimes and dollars, to the millionaire who devastating holocausts. May the baptismal font, the

gave of his thousands. Accept, O Father, of the conordinance rooms, and especially the sealing rooms be

tributions from the widow, from the boys and girls kept holy, that thy Spirit may be ever present to comwho denied themselves some dress or some pleasure fort and to inspire. Protect all the mechanical parts perin order to make possible this edifice. May the Spirit taining to lighting, heating, ventilating system,

that prompted them to give, to serve, be with them elevators. Bless the persons who are charged to look

throughout their lives, for only by service may they after all such installations and fixtures that they may obtain that happiness which passeth understanding. do so faithfully, skilfully, and reverently.

Our Father, we pray thee to bless all those who have We dedicate the grounds upon which the temple labored in the erection of this temple, or who have, stands and by which it is surrounded; the walks,

in any way, by their means or influence, aided in its ornamental beds, the trees, plants, flowers, and shrubcompletion. May peace abide in the homes of thy bery that grow in the soil; may they bloom and blossom

people everywhere, and may sickness and disease be and become exceedingly beautiful and fragrant, and rebuked from their midst. may thy Spirit dwell in the midst thereof, that this

May each contributor be comforted in spirit and plot of ground may be a place of rest and peace for prospered a hundredfold! May all be assured that holy meditation and inspired thought.

they have the gratitude of thousands, perhaps millions, Bless the president of the temple, and his wife, as on the other side for whom the prison doors may now matron. Let humility temper their feelings, wisdom

be opened and deliverance proclaimed to those who and kind consideration guide their actions. May they,

will accept the truth and be set free. and others who will be appointed as assistants, sealers,

While his body lay in the tomb, Christ, thy Beloved and custodians, maintain an atmosphere of cleanliness

Son, preached to the spirits in prison who once were and holiness in every room. Let no unclean person or

disobedient in the days of Noah, thus evidencing that thing ever enter herein, for "my spirit,"saith the those who have passed beyond the veil must also Lord, "will not dwell in unclean tabernacles"; neither

hear the word of God and obey the eternal principles will it remain in a house where selfish, arrogant, or of life and salvation. unwholesome thoughts abide. Therefore, may all who

Temples are built to thy holy name as a means of seek this holy temple come with clean hands and pure uniting thy people, living and dead, in bonds of faith, hearts, that thy Holy Spirit may ever be present to of peace, and of love throughout eternity. comfort, to inspire, and to bless. May all who come

Help all, O Father, to realize more keenly and sinwithin these sacred walls feel a peaceful, hallowed cerely than ever before that only by obedience to influence. Cause, O Lord, that even people who pass

eternal principles and ordinances of the gospel of the grounds, or view the temple from afar, may lift

Jesus Christ may loved ones who died without baptheir eyes from groveling things of sordid life and tism be permitted the glorious privilege of entrance look up to thee and thy providence.

into thy kingdom. Increase our desire, therefore, we Now, O God, our Heavenly Eternal Father, the

pray thee, to put forth even greater effort towards the faithful membership of thy Church through love for consummation of thy purposes to bring to pass the thee and thy children, have erected to thee by tithes immortality and eternal life of all thy children. and offerings this holy house in which shall be perWith these and many other glorious principles formed ordinances and ceremonies essential to the

in mind, we have met to render unto thee the thanks happiness, salvation, and exaltation of thy children and gratitude of our hearts. living in mortality and in the spirit world. Accept

And now, Father, as thy servant, holding the Holy of our offering, hallow it by thy Holy Spirit, and proMelchizedek Priesthood, I dedicate this the OAKtect and guard it by thy power.

LAND TEMPLE of The Church of Jesus Christ of With this prayer, we dedicate our lives to the estabLatter-day Saints and consecrate it for the sacred lishment of the kingdom of God on earth for the peace purposes for which it has been erected. We dedicate of the world and to thy glory forever, in the name of

it unto thee, with all pertaining thereto, as a house of thy Beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Amen.

JANUARY 1965 21 / The ourna, HEnd BY LENORA HANSEN

She had

wrapped her baby

sister up and carried

her to the farthest

edge of their own field.

There she had set her

down, kissed her, and

sent her back, then

picking up her bundle and,

looking back one long,

last time, had walked

away through the snow.

It was evening. The flame of the eampfire fell upon All day Mary Marshall had worked in the freezing

the empty page of a journal. The hand that held the weather. She had cooked food which no one but the

pen was slender and white with cold. children ate. She had placed a blanket around shoul-

"February 11, 1846"the hand wrote with a firm, ders which scarcely knew it had been added, had smooth stroke. "Today—''The stroke wavered. The urged soothing herbs past lips that only trembled, had

hand hesitated and seemed to tremble. wiped with gentle hand a brow too fevered to feel

The writer leaned back against the wagon wheel any ministration.

and gazed out across the frozen sedge. In her mind she Tonight she tried to form her thoughts for writing.

saw again this morning's sun coming through the winShe gazed on the two young boys beside her—children

dow of her own room at home. She felt the warmth of in slumber, unconscious of today's bereavement or

the fire and smelled the good bacon frying in her tomorrow's grief. She looked beyond the camp where,

mothers kitchen. Today—! dark against the snow, stood the bent figure of Andrew

How slowly she had dressed, taken the pitcher of Willis and by his side, young Andy. At the sight of

warm water from her brother Jim and poured it into the younger man, her heart sought some special word her basin, straightening the small mirror where it alof comfort, but, finding none, she bowed her head in ways tilted to the left. She had stopped a little at the pleading prayer to God.

window where the tower of the temple, shone, gold Then, taking her pen, she wrote: "February 17, 1846

touched by the early light. Her clothes lay ready on the—Pottawattomi Indian Nation, Muskreet Creek, Iowa:

bed, tied in her shawl. With them, her Bible, her Jane Willis died today. Food is low, and the storms

Book of Mormon, her mother's silver thimble. continue. The fever has taken some of us each day,

At breakfast she had taken a biscuit and spooned but we go on."

last fall's blackberry jam on her plate beside it, then # had sat without eating, looking around the table at July 21, 1846: An emptiness lay in the camp of the

each face, trying to fasten them into her mind against Saints and upon the heart of Mary. She had stood

the loneliness of separation: her father avoiding her among the others this morning with the early sun

eyes as he determinedly forked his food; fiveyear-old warm upon her back and had watched the men of

Sue squirming in her chair to see the new snow outthe Battalion march over the hill and out of sight.

side; Jim, hunger and satisfaction alternating on his Andrew Willis had stayed with his family. Young

face; and her mother moving swiftly between stove Andy had marched with the army.

and table, crying.

She knew that often of late she had found her

Her father had followed her to the door with final thoughts turning to this tall young man with the urgency: "Mary, Daughter Mary, give it up! Stay here

blue eyes and the easy walk and the teasing manner.

where you belong. A cook! What do you know of Did he think of her? Well—he called her "Miss

cooking—of work—and for another woman and another Mary."At first he would, sometimes, when his own

woman's children? This is your father speaking, Mary.

chores were done, take the empty bucket and fill it at

Stay here, here with those who love you!"the camp stream for her. Later he began to wait until

And, because there was no answer: "Well, then, if

she took the bucket and started out; then he would

you must go, go! And the Lord, if he can go into that

take it from her hand and walk by her side as diey wilderness, go with you."

was it talked together of the day. Now he—When She had wrapped her baby sister up and carried

he had first called her "Miss Mary"?

her to the farthest edge of their own field. There she They had crossed a stream of water.

had set her down, kissed her, and sent her back, then

Oh, yes—weeks before, they had crossed another

picking up her bundle and looking back one long, stream. Andy had come up where Mary stood hesilast time, had walked away through the snow.

Two great tears fell on the journal in the firelight, tating on the bank and had offered to carry her across. He had picked her up, carried her out into the middle

and her hand wrote on: "Today I left Nauvoo and

of the current, and dropped her with a splash.

joined the Saints at Sugar Creek, engaged by Andrew

This later time he had come up again, bowed with

Willis and his wife Jane as a cook for their family. a wide grin, and begun with a mocking, "Allow me."

I will receive my board and transportation to the "Oh, no,"she had cut him off, "I like to wade!"

Rocky Mountains."

He had grown serious, crossed his heart, and said, * # * "I promise! I will set you safe and dry on the other

February 17, 1846: It was 12 degrees below zero. bank."( Continued on page 48

JANUARY 196S 23 "... Abraham received the priesthood from Melchizedek, who received

it through the lineage of his fathers, even till Noah;

"And from Noah till Enoch, through the lineage of their Fathers"; (Ibid., 84:1415. Italics added.) Statements

[Even though the brethren were from the proclaimingbusy establishingthe gospel,the Churchthe Lord andrebuked them for not teaching their own children:]

that and wicked one cometh light truth, through and Scriptures taketh"Andaway disobedience, from the children of concerning men,their andfathers.because of the tradition of

"But I have commanded you to bring up your children in light and truth.the importance

"But verily I say unto you,... you

have continued under this condemnation;

"You have not taught your children of the home light and truth, according to the compower, as yet, over you, and this is and family mandments; and the wicked one hath

the cause of your affliction.

"And now a commandment I give unto you—if you will be delivered

you shall set in order your own house, for there are many things that are not right in your house.

"And again, inasmuch as parents "Verily, I say unto my servant have children in Zion, or in any of her... that in some things he hath

stakes which are organized, that teach not kept the commandments concernthem not to understand the doctrine ing his children; therefore, first set

of repentance, faith in Christ the Son in order thy house....

of the living God, and of baptism and "And now, verily I say unto Joseph the gift of the Holy Ghost by the Smith, Jun.—You have not kept the

laying on of the hands, when eight commandments, and must needs stand years old, the sin be upon the heads rebuked before the Lord;

of the parents. "Your family must needs repent

"For this shall be a law unto the inand forsake some things, and give habitants of Zion, or in any of her more earnest heed unto your sayings, stakes which are organized. or be removed out of their place....

"And their children shall be bap- "My servant Newel K. Whitney

tized for the remission of their sins also, a bishop of my church, hath when eight years old, and receive need to be chastened, and set in the laying on of the hands. order his family, and see that they are

"And they shall also teach their more diligent and concerned at home, children to pray, and to walk upand pray always, or they shall be rightly before the Lord."removed out of their place."

(D&C 68:2528.) (Ibid., 93:3950.)

24 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA And thou shalt love the Lord thy

all "Wherefore, after my father had God with all thine heart, and with made an end of speaking concernthy soul, and with all thy might.

ing the prophecies of Joseph, he And these words, which I command called the children of Laman, his thee this day, shall be in thine heart;

sons, and his daughters, and said And thou shalt teach them diligentunto them: Behold, my sons, and my ly unto thy children, and thou shalt

daughters, who are the sons and the talk of them when thou sittest in thine daughters of my firstborn, I would house, and when thou walkest by the that ye should give ear unto my way, and when thou liest down, and words."(2 Nephi 4:3.) when thou risest—Deuteronomyup."6:5-7

King Benjamin said to his people:

"And ye will not suffer your [Eli had judged Israel for forty children that they go hungry, or years (1 Samuel 4:19) and he was the

naked; neither will ye suffer that chief priest in the temple. In spite of

they transgress the laws of God, his busy life, the Lord held him acand fight and quarrel one with ancountable for the wickedness of his other, and serve the devil, who is sons. The Lord is speaking to Samuel,

The Lord speaking to Adam said the master of sin, or who is the evil referring to Eli:]

"And it is given unto them spirit which hath been spoken of by "For I have told him that I will judge [your children] to know good our fathers, he being an enemy to his house forever for the iniquity from evil; wherefore they are all righteousness. which he knoweth; because his sons

agents unto themselves,... "But ye will teach them to walk made themselves vile, and he restrained

"Wherefore teach it unto your in the ways of truth and soberness; them not."—I Samuel 3:13

children, that all men, everyye will teach them to love one anwhere, must repent, or they can other, and to serve one another."

in nowise inherit the kindom of (Mosiah 4:1415.) "And, ye fathers, provoke not your

God, for no unclean thing can children to wrath; but bring them up

dwell there, or dwell in his pres- "Therefore, he caused that his in the nurture and admonition of the ence;... sons should be gathered together, Lord."—Ephesians 6:4

"Therefore I give unto you a that he might give unto them every commandment, to teach these one his charge, separately, concernthings freely unto your children, ing the things pertaining unto right- "For I know him, that he will comhis children and his householdsaying":—then the Lord goes into eousness. And we have an account mand

an explanation of the atonement of his commandments, which he after him, and they shall keep the way and the first principles of the gave unto them according to his own of the Lord...."[Spoken of Abragospel. (Moses 6:5658.) record."(Alma 35:16.) ham]—Genesis 18:19

JANUARY 1965 25 LORENZO SNOW:

Let families put themselves in

JOSEPH SMITH: possession of all the good they can

—be in a position to do right, and

God has in reserve a time, or pebe continually in the path to exriod appointed in His own bosom, altation and glory. We should all

when He will bring all His subthink of these things and practise jects, who have obeyed His voice them. If you want to know how to

and kept His commandments, into JOHN TAYLOR: be great, good, and happy, and

His celestial rest. This rest is of how to advance faster in the prinsuch perfection and glory, that man Let others who fear not God take ciples of exaltation and perfection,

has need of a preparation before he their course; but it is for us to train why, then, set yourselves to work to

can, according to the laws of that our children up in the fear of God. find out how you can do the most

kingdom, enter it and enjoy its God will hold us responsible for good. You, women, do this, and

blessings. This being the fact, God this trust. Hear it, you elders of learn how you can best serve your

... has given certain laws to the human Israel and you fathers and you husbands.

family, which, if observed, are sufmothers!... We want to get toAnd you, brethren, attend to

ficient to prepare them to inherit gether to train our children up in those duties that pertain to your this rest. the fear of God, to teach them corcalling and Priesthood, and know

of the Church, (History recalled us to has that the Lord 2: rect principles ourselves, place and

Also, 1834. 22, January 12, of the Gospel. fulness ceive the in of possession things them such the of Prophet Teachings 5: of Discourses, (Journal as will the in lead of paths p. Smith, them 54.) Joseph 11, October 1857.) 316,

life. of Discourses, (Journal 20: JOSEPH F. SMITH: BRIGHAM YOUNG:

8, 1879. 179, April Also, The

Gospel Kingdom, p. 274.)

Bring up your children in the It is the duty of parents to teach love and fear of the Lord;... teach WILFORD WOODRUFF: their children the principles of the

your children by precept and exgospel, and to be soberminded and ample, the importance of addressOur children should not be negindustrious in their youth. They

ing the throne of grace; teach them lected; they should receive a should be impressed from the

how to live, how to draw from the proper education in both spiritual cradle to the time they leave the elements the necessaries of life, and and temporal things. That is the parental roof to make homes and

teach them the laws of life that they best legacy any parents can leave to assume the duties of life for themmay know how to preserve themtheir children. We should teach selves, that there is a seed time and

selves in health and be able to them to pray, and instil into their harvest, and as man sows, so shall minister to others. And when inminds while young every correct he reap.

structing them in the principles of principle. Ninetynine out of every... above all else, let us train

the Gospel, teach them that they hundred children who are taught our children in the principles of the are true, truth sent down from by their parents the principles of gospel of our Savior, that they may heaven for our salvation, and that henesty and integrity, truth and become familiar with the truth and the Gospel incorporates every virtue, will observe them through walk in the light which it sheds truth... and teach them too that life. Such principles will exalt any forth to all those who will receive

we hold the keys of eternal life, people or nation who make them it. "He that seeketh me early,"the

and that they must obey and obthe rule of their conduct.... Our Lord has said, "shall find me, and

serve the ordinances and laws perchildren should be prepared to shall not be forsaken."It behooves

taining to this holy Priesthood, build up the kingdom of God. Then us, therefore, to commence in early

which God has revealed and requalify them in the days of childlife to travel in the strait and narstored for the exaltation of the chilhood for the great duties they will row path which leads to eternal dren of men. be called upon to perform.... salvation.

(Journal of Discourses, 19: (Journal of Discourses, 15: (Juvenile Instructor, 52:19221-222, April 22, 1S77. 12, April 6, 1872. Also, The 20, January 1917. Also,

Also, Discourses of Brigham Discourses of Wilford Gospel Doctrine, pp. 295Young, p. 207.) Woodruff, pp. 267268.) 296.)

What Latterday Prophets have said about Teaching and Living the Gospel in the home Joseph Smith Brigham Young John Taylor

26 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HEBER J. GRANT:

I... bear my testimony... that

if we will study the... Doctrine

and Covenants,... get the Spirit

of the Lord, and teach our children DAVID O. MCKAY:

in their youth, that God will bless us... our children will grow up Many years ago, President Joseph

with a love for the Gospel. Let us F. Smith then of the First Presiteach our children by example as dency, later President of the

well as by precept.... I have heard Church, said in a commencement

men and women say that they were address at the old Latterday Saints going to let their sons and daughCollege: "Educate yourself not

ters grow to maturity before they only for time but also for eternity.

sought to teach them the principles The latter of the two is the more of the Gospel, that they were not important. Therefore when we shall

GEORGE ALBERT SMITH: have completed the studies of time, going to cram the Gospel down

the and enter upon commencement in their childhood, before them hereafter, great of the Fathers, I do not care how much ceremonies it. able to they were comprehend property have, honor you you what find our work is not finwe will I hear say and men women When

is immaterial to—it may attain just to ished, begun."but this, I faith are think lacking they

written your whether names are me all that I believe With my heart principles the of the in Gospel and in the of history records because for that of the place to prepare best it as they not comprehend do of or your accomplishments, mere is life of in eternal the kind home. it is said should. has our Lord The

things. blessgreatest monetary The life diviearthly pays But home their in to children teach our duty

girls. ings are your your boys and I well. of as place dends no know I to prefer take His youth, and Deseret News, (The Church other true happithan where home for it rather the than words word February 22, 1947, News,

of those who are not obeying His p. 8.) ness can be found in this life. It is

commandments. It is folly to imagpossible to make home a bit of

ine that our children will grow up Our children are the most preheaven; indeed, I picture heaven

with a knowledge of the gospel cious gifts that our Father bestows to be a continuation of the ideal without teaching.... I may know upon us. If we can guide their feet home.

that the Gospel is true, and so may in the pathway of salvation, there Every home has both body and my wife; but I want to tell you that will be joy eternal for us and for spirit. You may have a beautiful

our children will not know that the them; but if, by reason of following house with all the decorations that

Gospel is true, unless they study it after the fashions of the world, or modern art can give or wealth beand gain a testimony for themselves. as the prophet predicted, it should stow. You may have all the outward

Parents are deceiving themselves happen in our day that our chilforms that will please the eye and in imagining that their children will dren should be lovers of pleasure yet not have a home. It is not home

be born with a knowledge of the more than lovers of God, it will be without love. It may be a hovel,

Gospel. Of course, they will have a sad time for us, because those a log hut, a tent, a wickiup, if you

greater claim upon the blessings who pursue pleasure in this life to have the right spirit within, the true of God, being born under the new excess are likely to forsake the ways love of Christ, and love for one and everlasting covenant, and it of the Lord. I am concerned for the another—father and mother for the

will come natural for them to grow youth of Israel; I feel that we all children, children for parents, husup and perform their duties; but should be, and should assume the band and wife for each other—

the devil realizes this, and is there duty of looking after the Lord's you have the true life of the home seeking all the harder to lead our little ones, teaching and safeguard- that Latterday Saints build and children from the truth. ing them as far as possible. which they are striving to establish.

(Conference Report, April 6, (Conference Report, April 6, (The Improvement Era, 1902, pp. 7980.) 1915, p. 95.) April 1963, p. 252.)

II \ I 1 Wilford Woodruff Lorenzo Snow Joseph F. Smith Heber J. Grant George Albert Smith David O. McKay

JANUARY 1965 27 They enjoyed members2. The isnatureof greatof significancethe relationshipsif theyamongare tofamilylearn

one from another. A husband and wife who are one

Teaching and intheirpurposechildren,and arespirit,ablewhoto manifestpresent a an"pairedatmosphereunity"toof strength and peace in the home. This, is how one teenLiving the Gospel ager viewed her home:

"I love to go home. I suppose I'm one of those fortunate few who have a mother and dad who are so in the Home understanding that one can talk to them about any

subject. They never give me the impression of 'preaching'to me. Rather they convey to me that they want to

give me the benefit of their experience, their knowledge, and their wisdom. Dad told me once that he

hoped they might be able to help me in such a way that I wouldn't have to make the same mistakes they had made, but rather that I might avoid such mistakes. At the same time they want me to understand

.vwi/v<? H. principles which have brought them deep satisfaction."

BRADFORD 3. The basic objective that parents have in bringing

their children into the world will have a significant bearing on how well they are able to teach them.

There are many reasons for having children, but one

The reasons why one does something become of the most important ones is to help them fulfil the allimportant. One ought to live the gospel for the measure of their divine creation by our Heavenly

right reasons: because it will bring him lasting joy Father. A mature man who has had many fine achieveand salvation and exaltation in the celestial kingdom ments in his profession, the community, and the

of our Heavenly Father. "These things have I spoken Church had this to say of his father:

unto you, that my joy might remain in you, and that your joy might be full,"said the Savior. (John 15:11.) "My father told me once that he wanted to treat us

If the maximum enjoyment is to be obtained from children the way he thought our Heavenly Father teaching and living the gospel in the home, certain would want us treated. He and mother were good

basic.principles must be understood. Some of these students of the scriptures. Before they retired at night

are given below with examples that illustrate them. they would spend a few minutes in reading some

These examples are taken either from the scriptures choice passages and reflecting upon their meaning.

or from families now living in the Church, though in Nearly every week our family would meet together the latter case real names are not given. to discuss the meaning of a great principle of the

1. No principle of the gospel has been finally taught gospel. These were helpful sessions because the aim

until an individual understands, accepts, and lives it. of my parents was to help us understand how we

Teaching is not merely telling someone something. could apply these principles in our lives to the end

The Lord has said that we should study things out in that we might experience real happiness.

our minds (see D&C 9:8), and he has promised that "Both of my parents, and especially my father, took

"he will give unto the faithful line upon line, precept advantage of the 'teaching moments'to make clear upon precept."(Ibid., 98:12.) Elsewhere he said, the meaning of an important aspect of the gospel; for

"... treasure up in your minds continually the words example, I remember the time when I was a child

of life, and it shall be given you in the very hour that and had a dog to which I was very much attached.

portion that shall be meted unto every man."(Ibid., One day he was killed, and I felt terrible. My father

84:85.) Learning the principles of the gospel is thus took me aside and told me he understood how I felt

a gradual process that should continue throughout and that he would get another dog. 'But, son'he said,

life. Just as the Savior "grew, and waxed strong in 'if you live the way our Heavenly Father asks us to

spirit, filled with wisdom:..."(Luke 2:40) so live and walk uprightly before him you may have the

should we. Holy Ghost to be with you. Then you need never feel

28 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA lonely.'Later I came to understand what he meant. differ widely in age and experience. The older mem-

"Much of my initial understanding of the gospel 1 bers must have patience with the younger ones. A

learned from those 'teaching moments.'small child, for example, cannot be expected to sit

still for a long period of time.

4. There needs to be a certain kind of spirit in the Whenever possible, family members should be given

home. It is characterized by many things, but one of opportunity to participate in the program. A father

the most essential is respect for one another. One whose family has regularly held sessions for studying

mother who now has several children whom she and the gospel stated the following:

her husband have taught well tells about her family experiences: "We never attempted too much in any one session.

We always concentrated upon one principle of the "My mother and father were very much concerned gospel. We tried to find stories from the scriptures

about the feelings of others and especially the feelings or experiences of ourselves or others to clarify the of us children. I remember Mother saying one day meaning. I found our younger children, especially,

that just because a parent was older and had more liked to tell these stories.

knowledge and experience than a child was no reason "Different members of the family took their turns to treat a child with disrespect. 'One ought to say conducting the sessions. This developed their confiplease and thank you to a child in just the same way dence and ability.

he would to an adult,'she said. My parents taught us "Sometimes we listened to a record from the Book

that there was a 'sensitive line'in our relationships of Mormon which contained an incident relevant to our with one another which we should never cross. One discussion. The record seemed to make everything

crosses it when one says unkind things, pouts, or bemore real."

comes unrighteously angry.

"My parents provided legitimate ways for us to d. In order to provide an opportunity for family

release normal tensions which build up in daily living. members really to communicate with one another, one

They provided wholesome physical activities, beautifamily has found it useful once in a while to do the folful music, good literature, and similar things. lowing: Each member is asked to state something he

"And of course our prayers together brought us very likes about the way family members behave. Then each

close to one another. One of the most reassuring things member is asked if there is anything that any member

in my life was to hear my mother and father pray for of the family is doing which he does not appreciate me, because I knew they meant it. or feels might be done in a better way. At first there

"Finally I should mention that both mother and was some reluctance to talk about the latter kinds of father frequently let me know that they loved me things. Later it was possible to discuss them because

both by their actions as well as their words. Nothing there had developed an atmosphere of understanding

meant more to me than that."so that a constructive criticism could be accepted

without also being interpreted as a rejection of one's 5. The family home evening has many possibilities person.

for enjoyment by family members. The experience of The family would then take one thing that needed

many families throughout the Church has demonimproving and concentrate on it for a while; for exstrated the significance of the following principles: ample, Jeff, one of the family members, complained

a. Regularly holding such an evening is more efthat his older brother had taken things from his closet

fective than sporadically doing so. without asking permission. This had greatly irritated

b. One often understands best that which he himJeff. The subsequent discussion brought out the imself experiences. Family members should use their own portance of each person having drawers and closet

experiences to illustrate the meaning of a given teachspace in which to keep his own things. The parents

ing. A twelveyear-old girl related the following: provided such space and watched to see that each

child had his rights protected. This action contributed

"One of our family home evenings which I shall to improved relationships in their home.

never forget was the evening that we discussed the In the Lord's plan the family is a permanent organipower of the priesthood. I was to be operated on three zation. He is very much aware of how important it is

days later. Daddy and our home teachers administered in the eternal scheme of things. An understanding of

to me. It was a wonderful experience."the principles he has given us will permit our experiences in the family to be as enjoyable as any we

c. In some families there will be individuals who will ever have.

JANUARY 1965 29 Understanding \$4\NG theThings of God BY ALMA P. BURTON

ASSISTANT ADMINISTRATOR OF SEMINARIES AND INSTITUTES OF RELIGION HEW

and time, and experience, and careful and

"... the things of God are of deep import"; stated head was white like the pure snow; his countenance

the Prophet Joseph Smith, "and time, and experience, shone above the brightness of the sun; and his voice

and careful and ponderous and solemn thoughts can was as the sound of the rushing of great waters, even only find them out."(DHC 3, 295.) the voice of Jehovah, saying:

This declaration by the Prophet is a remarkable "I am the first and the last; I am he who liveth, I am

statement. It reveals how men are to obtain an underhe who was slain; I am your advocate with the

standing of God and his ways. Time, experience, and Father."(D&C 110:1-4.)

careful and ponderous and solemn thoughts are all At another time the Prophet stated: "The Father

required as prerequisites to obtaining this underhas a body of flesh and bones as tangible as man's; the

standing. Son also; but the Holy Ghost has not a body of flesh

God suggested that we may understand him and his and bones, but is a personage of Spirit."(Ibid., 130:

ways more fully when he revealed through the Prophet 22. See DHC 4, 536.

Joseph Smith to the elders of his Church the following: Moses recorded in the book of Genesis that "... God

"And now come, saith the Lord, by the Spirit, unto created man in his own image, in the image of God the elders of his Church, and let us reason together, created he him; male and female created he them."

that ye may understand; (Gen. 1:27.)

"Let us reason even as a man reasoneth one with To know that God is a personal being with body, another face to face. parts, and passions is an important fact to be learned

"Now, when a man reasoneth he is understood of in this life. It is the beginning of one's knowledge of

man, because he reasoneth as a man; even so will I, God's ways. But should we assume that this knowlthe Lord, reason with you that you may understand."edge of God's physical self is the understanding that

(D&C 50:1012.) was intended by the Prophet and John the Beloved?

Isaiah taught that man, to understand God, must Is there not something more we should know about extend his thinking above things of an earthly or God? Does not Isaiah's declaration on the thoughts of

temporal nature. He recorded: "For my thoughts are God as well as the invitation of the Lord in the Docnot your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, trine and Covenants to reason with him so that we

saith the Lord. may understand, invite a more profound study of him

"For as the heavens are higher than the earth, so are and his ways beyond the fact of knowing about his my ways higher than your ways, and my thoughts than reality as a physical being?

your thoughts."(Isa. 55:8-9.) In understanding God one also comes to an underThe Prophet Joseph Smith declared that "it is the standing of himself. The Prophet taught: "If men do

first principle of the gospel to know for a certainty not comprehend the character of God, they do not the character of God,..."(DHC 6, 305.) comprehend themselves."

And John the Beloved taught: "And this is life And then he stated: "I want to ask this congregation,

eternal, that they might know thee the only true God, every man, woman and child, to answer the question and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."(John 17:3.) in their own hearts, what kind of a being God is? Ask

We may know what God is like—speaking of his yourselves; turn your thoughts into your hearts, and

personal, physical self—by reading accounts from the say if any of you have seen, heard, or communed with

scriptures; for example, when Joseph Smith and Oliver

him? This is a question that may occupy your attention Cowdery saw the Lord they said:

"The veil was taken from our minds, and the eyes for a long time. I again repeat the question—What

of our understanding were opened. kind of a being is God? Does any man or woman

"We saw the Lord standing upon the breastwork know? Have any of you seen him, heard him, or

of the pulpit, before us; and under his feet was a communed with him? Here is the question that will,

paved work of pure gold, in color like amber. peradventure, from this time henceforth occupy your

"His eyes were as a flame of fire; the hair of his attention. The scriptures inform us that 'This is life

30 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ponderous and solemn thoughts can only find them out.

eternal that they might know thee, the only true God, and Jesus Christ whom thou hast sent."(See John

17:3; DHC 6,303304.)

If one comes to know God and "the things of God,"he must, in addition to knowing of the physical characteristics of God, understand and appreciate certain basic fundamental principles, chief among which are free agency, justice, mercy, and the fact that whatever God requires is right. "God said, Thou shalt not kill.'

At another time he said, 'Thou shalt utterly destroy.'"And then Joseph

Smith commented, "This is the principle on which the government of heaven is conducted—by revelation

adapted to the circumstances in which the children of the kingdom [of God] are placed."He then declared, "Whatever God requires is

right, no matter what it is, although we may not see the reason thereof till long after the events transpire."

(DHC 5, 135.)

In this same editorial the Prophet gave two examples of this principle of truth—"Whatever God requires is

right, no matter what it is...."He

said, "If we seek first the kingdom of

God, all good things will be added."

For instance, as the Prophet pointed out, "... Solomon... asked wisdom,

and God gave it [to] him, and with it every desire of his heart, even things which might be considered abominable to all who understand the order of heaven only in part, but which in reality were right because

God gave and sanctioned [them] by special revelation."A second example was given by the Prophet. He

said, "A parent may whip a child, (Continued on page 42)

JANUARY 1965 31 The family of Kenneth and Gwendolyn Sundberg of the Holladay (Utah) Stake.

The children are Marlin (16), Lynn (lb), James (12), Susan (11), Willard (9), Gregory (8),

Rebecca (6), and Mark (4-).

# A.WIAI0 %3MV Genealogical Evenings in the Home

It was an old and praiseworthy custom in the homes of our pioneer ancestors for family members to assemble around the blazing fireplace after the hard day's work and listen to tales of the heroic exploits of their forefathers of bygone generations -. Aged grandsires

would relate personal experiences in winning the fight for freedom; grandmothers might tell vivid experiences during Indian perils. As the children listened,

there grew in their hearts a great admiration for these fathers and mothers of the past who courageously faced despair and defeat, who bravely endured a sentence to hard labor for life, but won out in the end. Those who listened, in turn, went forth in a

similar spirit to their life's work. They gained a homeland for the mighty nation of America today. They

bequeathed to us a land of enterprise and freedom.

Above all, they set a glorious example of a courageous race who conquered the wilderness despite all the obstacles which confronted them.

It is appropriate that this agehonored custom should be revived among us, and no subject could be more appealing to members of the family on some special evenings than that of the humanized family genealogy as it relates to the personal lives and characters and testimonies of family members and their forefathers. Human lives are so rich in experience; lessons learned and testimonies gained in life

should surely be shared with others who can thereby benefit from them.

One highly fitting family project is for each member of the family to compile his own personal Book of

Remembrance, a sacred record to be written by the spirit of inspiration as men and women did in the early ages of the world, "according to the pattern given by the finger of God."(See Moses 6:5-6, 8, 4546.) In one family with six children, the father, the

mother, and all of the children down to the tiniest have their personal Books of Remembrance, containing

records, pictures of each at different ages, portrait other employment, married, and had a family of pedigrees, interesting anecdotes appealing to the thirteen children, born in Scotland. In 1872 they

child at his present age. It is amazing how proud came to Utah. When they arrived in Salt Lake City,

each individual is of his very own book, containing so the Allen family was there to welcome them and many articles of personal interest. With skilful guidtook them to their home for a wonderful banquet.

ance from the parents, this childhood activity can 'You are the cause of our being in the Church,'they easily grow into a lifetime enterprise. On prearranged declared.

home evenings, the children can select and prepare "When Mary had so courageously left their home beforehand anecdotes and testimonies from their books in Scotland rather than give up the true faith, the to relate to the whole family. Allen family concluded that her religion must be

Thus by natural stages the interest of the young something extraordinary. They knew her as one of

people in themselves, their family, and their Books of the sweetest, best, and most beautiful girls of their

Remembrance can be deftly guided into a desire to acquaintance. Mr. Allen said, 'I cannot help but feel

seek out the family genealogy so that temple work can that there is something more to Mormonism than we be done for their ancestors, which is the real objective. understand; it cannot be just a manmade religion.

From themselves, their interests can be readily He and his family investigated, joined the Church, directed to the grandparents and greatgrandparents. emigrated to Utah, and welcomed Mary and her

Some of them may still be living; and on special occafamily when they arrived.

sions, they may be invited in to relate appealing "Just before her death, Mary, my mother, called incidents. Tape recordings may even be made of the her children to her and told them this story and said,

stories told; for example, here is a story from the life 'You may never be asked to give all that you have for

of his mother told by the late Robert D. Young, former the gospel's sake, but if you are, give your all. I am

president of the Salt Lake Temple: eighty years of age, and I have never wanted. So I

leave this with you, my children, that even if it takes "When mother, Mary Graham, was about fourteen the last cent you have for the Church, give it gladly.

years old, her father was lying on his deathbed. An It is the finest thing you can ever do.'

elder of the Church came to the door with a tract, At her death in 1911, she had 125 descendants. All

telling of the restoration of the gospel. Her father read of them have been inspired by her example and her

the tract and said, 'Mary, my girl, that is true. I betestimony.

lieve that young man has come with the true gospel.

Search out this true gospel and embrace it.'"We follow them who lived before,

"After the death of her father ( her mother had died Because they lived we now have life some years before ), the orphaned Mary became a serAnd strength to meet its time of strife.

vant girl in the wealthy Allen family. When they For us they opened wide the door,

learned she was investigating Mormonism, they angrily Bequeathed to us all things they learned, told her she was injuring their business by attending Left guide posts on the roads they turned, these meetings. People were beginning to think the And to the best that they could know

Aliens were sympathetic with this unpopular religion. Pointed the way for us to go."

"One dark and rainy night the whole Allen family ( From "Children of the Dead,"by Edgar A. Guest.

assembled and called Mary before them. Bitterly the Used by permission, Reilly and Lee, publishers.)

father said, 'Mary, there is the door. You take your

choice right now. Either our home and give up MorIn order for our hearts really to turn to our fathers,

monism, or out of our home into the night.'She cried we must come to know them, their life experiences

about it. Naturally she would like to stay, but she and virtues, and the rewards they won for themselves

could not renounce the gospel, for she knew it was and us by unremitting toil, sacrifice, and integrity.

true. The homeless Mary walked out into the bleak They expect us, their children, to rescue from oblivion

night with only a shilling in her pocket. That shilling the true stories of their lives, then write them down

she paid to a friend of her father, who for that amount in our Books of Remembrance and tell and retell rented to her his hall in which the elders could preach. them to our posterity so that the memory of their

"Friends were raised up for Mary. She obtained names and noble lives will ( Continued on page 49

JANUARY 1965 33 SINCE CUMORAH NEW VOICES FROM THE DUST

BY HUGH N1BLEY, PH.D.

PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND RELIGION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

be taken away from the Book of the

Lamb. Nephi's peculiar and repeated

."THE fromexpression,the mouth"... ofproceedeththe Jew;.forth.

(1 Nephi 13:24) is a clear reference PRECIOUS m f | f gm

THINGS toandLogia,his statement"utterancesthatof thethe Apostlesmouth,"in writthings of these record""bear RETURN wM i'dV wM thesis prothe to ing points now pounded "in the light of the recently discovered documents"that there were "collections of sayings of Jesus before our canonical gospels were written"and that the Gospels were

PART 1. (Continued) anything in the gospels. 187 The Logia originally based on such collecThe newly found Logia are paras a whole do not follow any contions. 191

ticularly close to those pseudoClem- sistent doctrinal pattern, but seem Aside from documents coming entine writings that represent the just thrown together, as if jotted forth from old Christian and Jewish earliest postbiblical teachings of the down at different times and places as centers, we may not ignore those

Christian Church, and at the same the Lord spoke them. 188 In fact, H. of more exotic origin, for the antime they present the closest affinity Koester insists that the important cient Saints were driven and perseto the milieu of the Dead Sea Scrolls thing is not that a Logion may really cuted, and one can never tell where

—that is to say, all these documents have been uttered by Jesus, but that their footprints or writings may turn

teach the same things in the same it was accepted as authentic by the up; for example, in 1909 a Saying

words. 18 "The Sayings from various early Saints and so leads us into the of Jesus ("Jesus said: Life is a bridge

sources exhibit considerable variety midst of the first Church, showing—do not linger on it, but hurry over

and ample evidence of alteration and us what they believed and pracit") was found inscribed in Arabic adaptation; some are abbreviated and tised. 189 over two different gates of a palace

some are expanded versions of the It was the heretic hunters of later mosque of a longruined Mogul city

Lord's words in the New Testament; ages who destroyed the early image in northern India. Subsequent docusome combine elements and episodes by suppressing every Saying which mentary discoveries indicate that this

that are separate and disconnected did not agree with their concept of may well be an authentic saying of in the Bible (compare 3 Nephi!); orthodoxy. 1 "Here we see the literal the Lord, in spite of its surprising

others mix New Testament material fulfilment of Nephi's prophecy that provenance. 192

with extracanonical material; while many precious things that proceeded And what shall we make of the

some are completely different from out of the mouth of the Jew would Mandaean writings, with their an34 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA cient doctrines and ordinances that modern practice, however: "... this our usual overlapping and confuare at once Jewish and Christian? 193 term describes not an ancient but a sion: "Gnosticism,"writes Van Unnik,

Though discovered far to the east, modern historical category and its is "a manyheaded hydra... the

they are viewed today as representfluctuating use has often confused sheer number of speculations and ing "perhaps a late version of the issues."200 It was not in fact until the the bizarre patterns which they usuNorth IsraeliteSamaritan tradition,"eighteenth century that "Gnostic"ally assume are enough to make anygoing clear back to the days of Isaiah became a term of censure. 201 The one feel dizzy!"207 There was

and the dispersion; and though "enpresent discussions of Gnosticism much talk recently of a preChristian

tirely independent of Christian inare simply a "shambattle,"Schoeps Gnosis which "goes back to hetfluence, they kept Sunday as a holy notes, "since everyone obviously erodox Jewish conception... and

day."194 Here is something worth understands something different by to preAsiatic syncretism in general.

looking into—a society of desert 'Gnosis.'"202 In its origins Gnosis [this theory

sectaries who strangely remind one To the patristic writers and to the held] is JewishNear Eastern occultof Christians, yet whose ancestors church historians of a century ago, ism, Oriental mysticism."208 That

left Jerusalem before the days of the Gnosis was simply the invasion covers a lot of ground, but it is only

Lehi; for the Book of Mormon student, the urge to investigate should

be irresistible.

The Gnostic Question. It has long scrollsOne of foundthe manywithinold

been the practice of scholars to rethe last score of fuse any newly discovered document ouins.years byScrollsthe Beddate

containing disturbing teachings or back to the second implications by condemning it as century BC.

"Gnostic."Of the Jewish Apocrypha,

Gaster writes: "Almost every sect

which did not conform strictly to the tenets of the orthodox Church of the first centuries, which used mystic or allegorical terms and evolved an independent system of cosmology, eschatology and soteriology was indiscriminately described as Gnostic."193 "Nothing is easier,"writes R. of the gospel by Greek philosophy. 203 the beginning. For Cullmann the

M. Wilson, "than to draw up a scheHowever, long ago Mosheim noted Clementine writings to which we

matic outline of belief, be it orthothe strongly Oriental flavor of the have so often referred, "attach themdox, Gnostic or JewishChristian, Gnostic teachings, and accordingly selves"to a "particular current of and apply it to the texts...."196 The it was viewed by many as an Oriengnostic Judaism,"best illustrated by

trouble is that there is no agreement tal intrusion. 204 But since both Greek the Dead Sea Scrolls, "a sort of Jewon what is meant by the term "Gnosand Oriental elements were apparish gnosticism... which one can

tic,"as F. C. Baur noted over a ent, and since both had notably fused consider as the cradle of Christihundred years ago. 197 Discussions of in the Hellenistic world, a general anity."209

Gnosticism still remain futile "as consensus soon considered GnostiSo here we have early Christianity long as 'gnosticism'is not a clearly cism as a syncretism or synthesis of and the Jewish sectaries all mixed up defined concept having certain defthe two elements, usually thought to in a common Gnostic milieu. For

inite sources.... Without a critical have taken place in Egypt. 205 H. J. Schoeps this is sheer nonsense:

historical method it is impossible to Today the theory is being put "Gnosis was never anything but advance further."198 forth that the Gnosis came from the pagan Gnosis,"he insists, die pseudoWe are now told that "to the bosom of heterodox Judaism where Clementine writings being actually

Jew... Christianity must have apit arose independently though, of a vigorous assault against Gnostipeared an eccentrically Gentile course, subject to some influence of cism. 210 Some find the Odes of SoloGnosis, while to the Gentile it must Hellenistic and Oriental religious mon a Gnostic work closely related

have seemed an eccentrically Jewish thought. Some even see in the to the Pistis Sophia and to an "unone."199 Whatever we find eccentric, Dead Sea Scrolls the first Gnostic official Judaism"which Batiffol deswe simply call Gnostic. This is a writings! 200 So here we go again with ignates as Gnostic, though noting

JANUARY 196S 35 that the Christology of the Odes is "entirely independent of any Gnostic speculation"; 211 others say they w*sf'**#*

are Gnostic in a peculiarly Christian sense,- 12 and Klijn now concludes that they are "a genuine Christian work."213 If they are Gnostic, R.

Harris decided, "we can only say, "Would God all the Lord's people were Gnostics.'"- 14

From the moment they became known, the Nag Hammadi texts were advertised as Gnostic writings, but right away the usual question arose.

Puech and Quispel, for example, after careful study conclude that the new Apocryphon of James "is perhaps Gnostic and probably Valentinian,"215 while Van Unnick declares that it "originated from a small village-church not yet affected by gnosticism, between 125150...."21C

Most scholars believe the Epistle of the Apostles is orthodox, but G. Bardy

believes it is Gnostic. 217 The Gnostic

Gospel of Thomas exhibits much that deviates from Gnosticism, much that comes closer to the doctrines of the "great Church"; 218 how shall we

classify it?

If we attempt to classify a document by its teachings we run into a hopeless situation for half the Gnosdirect revelation; for others, it was mysteryreligion whose roots reach

tic teachings—the preexistent plan, denial of direct revelation. 221 back into the religious soil of the

this world as a place of probation, How can one talk about a Gnostic Hellenized Orient, its main doctrinal eternal progression, the spiritual religion? Irenaeus says that no two sources being the Greek PseudoZoro-

creation, the withholding of ceror three Gnostics believed the aster and Hermes Trismegistus."225

tain teachings from the world, the same. 222 "Gnosis,"Bultmann conBut others ask, Who were the

divine parentage of man, the precludes, "is the expression of various founders and leaders, the Saints of existent glory of Adam, etc.—were mythological and philosophical trathis preChristian Gnostic church?

held by the Primitive Church, 219 and ditions and therefore may be Who were its members aside from the other half—the unknowable and characterized as a syncretistic pheChristian and Jewish eccentrics?

ineffable nature of God, the free use nomenon."'23 With their doctrines Where was its headquarters? Why

of allegory in interpreting scripture, and practices coming from a dozen do no contemporary writers seem the appeal of philosophy as a theodifferent sources, was there anything aware of it? Why do we have "no

logical foundation, the antithesis of that all the Gnostics had in common? clear documentary evidence for anymatter which is evil and spirit which Some scholars have insisted that thing resembling a Gnosis prior to

is good, the search for God in the Gnosticism was actually a single rethe Christian era"?226

mystic way, etc. 220—were adopted by ligion, "a worldreligion sui generis, The oldest use of the word "Gnosis"

the later church, so that there are no which not only influences Neoplawould seem to be by the Mandaeans, strictly peculiar Gnostic doctrines to tonism and Christianity, but actually for Manda means Gnosis. These

set Gnosticism apart from orthodox competed with them for suprempeople were also called Dositheans,

Christian views. For some, the very acy."224 It was, we are told, "a vast a Samaritan word that goes back

essence of Gnosticism was belief in independent movement, an authentic possibly to the Exile of 721 BC. 227

36 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Theirs is hailed as the purest and oldgroups joining the Church, and three streams so clearly distinct in est system of Gnosticism, yet the DoBrownlee specifically suggests the the earlier stages of Church history,"sitheans were the first and strongest Qumran brethren. 2 '1 The common asks Wilson, "or should we not

antiGnostics, according to some, and motifs in sectarian Jewish and early rather expect to find a certain interthey took their rise "on the soil of Christian writings show "that the penetration of thought, a gradual

Palestine"and were "intimately conEssene sectaries were a fruitful field hardening into lines of cleavage?"235

nected with the movement whose of evangelization [Christian missionThe Real Gnosis. Every scholar

outstanding protagonist was John the ary work],"according to Professor has his own solution of the Gnostic

Baptist...."-- 8 We have noted elseCross, "and that they in turn had equations, but not one of them has

where that these people are also influence on the formation of instisucceeded in the eyes of his fellows thought to have been the descendtutions of the apostolic and subin balancing his equation. Schoeps

ants of that Jonadab ben Rechab apostolic church."21 -'now fails to do so for the same reawho fled from Jerusalem in the days Since the new researches have son that the others have, by failing

of Lehi, and for the same reason been made among the sectaries, Esto take all the factors into account.

Lehi did—to escape the machinasenism is commonly used in a free One factor in particular is consistently ignored, and that is the clear

and repeated pronouncement of all the earliest church writers on the the m- 4 duringJerusalem subject, that there was a true Gnosis. Christ, atime of

painting by H. C. The word "Gnosis"occurs twentySelous of the nineteenth century Engseven times in the New Testament

lish school. and always refers to knowledge that

comes by revelation. 230 The oldest

Christian definition of the Gnosis ( and one consistently ignored by stuCareful digging by learned men often dents of Gnosticism) is that it was results in unearthing "that knowledge the Lord imparted new records of almost forgotten peosecretly to Peter, James, and John ple. '"!.? i'.tr - after the Resurrection, and which

they in turn transmitted to the others of the Twelve and to the Seventy."237

There is no record of its having gone tions of the wicked "Jews at Jerusaand general sense as a sort of "overany farther. Irenaeus, who calls this

lem"and to live the law in its purity all name or borderline concept for "the true Gnosis,"insists that it was in the desert. 2 '- 9 heterodox Judaism."233 In the fourth handed down by the Apostles to the

Amidst all this confusion the readcentury Epiphanius classed the desBishops and hence to the churchmen er may begin to suspect that we have ert sects of the Dead Sea and Jordan of his own day. 238

run into something akin to the petogether as having common beliefs But earlier and better informed culiar fusion of Christian and Jewish and practices but possibly for that writers tell another story: "... when

elements in the Book of Mormon. very reason feuding fiercely among the holy chorus of the Apostles had

When the scrolls were first exthemselves. "The Sampsaeans or ended their lives in various ways,

amined, Brownlee classed as having Elkesaites,"he writes, "still survive and that generation passed away of "striking affinities"with each other, in Arabia, living around and bethose who had heard the divine wisthe religions of Qumran, the Covyond the Dead Sea. The followers dom with their own ears, at that

enanters of Damascus, the Essenes, of a false prophet... they resemble moment the conspiracy of godless

the Therapeutae of Egypt, and the Ebionites very closely in everyerror took its rise through the decepthe Johnthe-Baptist movement, notthing,"the latter being almost extion of false teachers, who, as soon ing significantly, "to this list I would actly like the Cerinthians and the as the last Apostle had departed, have added primitive ChristianNazoraeans, who claim to be true first came out openly and hencefority...."23 Long ago R. H. Charles Israel, and also like the Gorgethoi ward undertook to match the teachhad suggested that when "a great who are called Essenes, and who are ing of the truth with what they

company of the priests [became] practically the same as the Dosithfalsely styled Gnosis."239 Overnight

obedient to the faith"(Acts 6:7) it eans, and so on. 234 Orthodox, Jewishthe Church swarmed with the prewas actually one of these sectarian Christian, Gnostic, "... were these ( Continued on page 60

JANUARY 1965 37 -the.

EAJVftiUf HfiMe $ EVeNiNGax

Would you like a better spirit in your home? Would which each family in the Church is encouraged to

you like to add more love, consideration, cooperation, hold.

and responsibility to your family unit? Would you like Because the family is a primary social unit and beto grow in the gospel, parents and children together, cause the Lord through revelation has given parents

and live happier, more meaningful lives? the responsibility of teaching the gospel in the home,

To Latterday Saints there can be only one answer it is hoped that each family in the Church will give to these questions. How can these goals be realized? this program top priority. The objective of the program

One answer lies in the weekly family home evening is to assist us to live better lives and to become more devout Latterday Saints. A study course which is

based on the scriptures and deals with the fundamental principles of the gospel has been prepared by the Church and is being made available to all families.

These lessons are an important part of the total gospel teaching program of the Church and are adaptable to all of the families of the Church, regardless of size, ages, or different situations.

Each ward and branch is setting aside a regular night when the family is encouraged to schedule the home program. In addition, through the gospel lessons,

the program will emphasize participation by all members of the family and development of their various skills and abilities.

To help interest and motivate families in beginning the program and to demonstrate methods by which the program can be carried on, a filmstrip has been prepared by Brigham Young University under the direction of the Coordinating Council of the Church.

In order to give added support to the program and additional helps to the families, some of the pictures from the filmstrip and part of the story that accompanies them follow:

(1) The parents, Neil and June, welcome some visitors into their home, inviting them to stay and observe a family home evening which is about to begin. They indicate that they don't

let anything interfere with their family evening and that it is a program carefully planned by the Church and the family.

(2) All of the members of the family gather together. This

is the most important thing for every family member on this night. Nothing else is planned.

(3) The family home evening begins with prayer. In this

case it is given by Larry, the elevenyear-old boy.

( 4 The father announces that the goal for this family home evening is to help every member of the family know that our

Heavenly Father is a very real Personage who can hear us when we pray. To set the stage for the discussion, nineyear-

38 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA old Susan sings "I Am a Child of God"accompanied by her (6) During the discussion on our Heavenly Father, all older sister Linda. All of the family members join in the chorus, members of the family are asked to participate. Using a

"Lead me, guide me, walk beside me, Help me find the way. flannelboard, the mother explains, "Here on the flannelboard

Teach me all that I must do To live with Him someday."we see that seeds will always grow into the same kind of plant

( 5 ) Fiveyear-old Greg recites a verse he learned in Primary. that produced them; for example, if we plant sunflower seeds,

we know they will grow into sunflowers, never tulips or roses.

"I want to be quiet, Last week Maury had kittens; she didn't have puppies or

I want to hear, rabbits. Everything reproduces after its own kind. Therefore,

I want to listen, inasmuch as we are the children of our Father in heaven, we

Heavenly Father is near."are like him."(Continued on following page )

JANUARY 196S 39 (Continued from preceding page )

(7) From the book of Moses in the Pearl of Great Price, learned from that scripture. What the Prophet Joseph Smith

Linda reads, "And I, God, created man in mine own image, in learned from his vision of the Father and the Son, and a perthe image of mine only begotten created I him; male and sonal story are related by the mother.

female created I them."(Moses 2:27.) (9) The father concludes the discussion, again using the

(8) Further on in the discussion elevenyear-old Larry flannelboard to illustrate his points. "Our Heavenly Father

reads from the Joseph Smith story: "When the light rested planned the world in which we live. None of the animals on

upon me I saw two personages, whose brightness and glory the earth were made in his image. Only his children are made

defy all description, standing above me in the air. One of them in his image and likeness. And as his children, we have power

spake unto me, calling me by name and said, pointing to the over all the other creations on earth. Our Father planned this

other—This is My Beloved Son. Hear Him!"( Joseph Smith 2: 17. world for the benefit and blessings of us his children, his offThis of course leads into a fine discussion of what can be spring, who are in his form and likeness."

40 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA says, "This has fceen a lovely home evening. I think everyone

has contributed tonight. Oh, let's see—Greg, you haven't said

much; do you have anything to say?"

( 12 ) "When do we eat ice cream?"comes the not wholly

unexpected response.

Family home evening is over. Susan is called on to

say the prayer. The visitors say they have enjoyed the

experience and ask how long the family has been hold11 ing this type of activity. Father explains that they have

'ULHMIWHILJ HJff been holding family home evenings occasionally for jg I Jill several years but that their efforts took on new mean- v ing when the church leaders introduced the program i E"Pjj&K and provided lesson materials and suggestions. He

-ate* explains that such evenings are not hard to begin, since the lessons contain material to help parents and give suggestions on how to create a spiritual atmosphere.

"Have your family hours always been this closely knit?"the visitors ask.

"Not as much as they are now,"the father responds.

"Before our regular home evenings were started we found it too easy to go different ways. Now,

we do more things as a family. We are more familyminded and are sincerely interested in one another.

And we want to continue in this. Our home life has

improved—we have less quarreling and more love

and understanding, and I'm sure were getting better acquainted. We now feel we are preparing a family

relationship that will last not only for this life but for all eternity."

(10) The formal lesson ended, Fourteenyear-old Brad is called upon to play "O My Father"on the violin, accomThe individuals featured in these pictures and panied by Linda at the piano. They all join in singing the song,

"O my Father, thou that dwellest In the high and glorious in the filmstrip are: Jack Tueller, father; Marjorie

place, When shall I regain thy presence, And again behold thy Tueller, mother; Rosanne Tueller, older girl;

face? In thy holy habitation, Did my Spirit once reside? In Larry Reda, 14year-old boy; David Duerden, 11my first primeval childhood, Was I nurtured near thy side?"yearold boy; Janine Tueller, 9-yearold girl;

(11) Before refreshments are served, assignments are made Shayne Tueller, 5-yearold boy. (See also Era

for the following week. Family problems are discussed, and

suggestions are made which will help each member of the cover.

family toward a better, happier, more meaningful life. Father

JANUARY 1965 41 Understanding the Things first started in the heavens, but was power of God, away from the earth, of God cast out and succeeded in obtaining and then the avenging hand of God a great ascendancy over the minds of came upon the corrupt inhabitants the people, whom he caused to corthat were left because of their in- ( Continued from page 31 rupt themselves, leading them into iquities. Would it be proper to allow

evil, folly, vanity and corruptions of corruptions and wickedness to preevery kind, so much so we are told dominate, and the powers of Satan and justly, too, because he stole an that the 'imaginations and thoughts to have the presiding influence, and apple; whereas if the child had asked of their hearts were only evil and God to be left out of the question?

for the apple, and the parent had that continually.'What had to be No. Therefore He accomplished done then? There were other parties what He did. Did He injure them? given it, the child would have eaten

appetite; a better there it with would interestedearth. Therebesideswere innumerablethose uponhoststhe fewNo; theyyears wouldlonger onlyanyhow;have butlivedHea all the pleasure have no stripes; been

spirits of in that did not the heavens that to perpetuate had to want them of the apple have been secure, would folly, of tabernacles. take it kind wickedness, corand come and Was all lost."the of stealing misery

(DHC, loc. cit.) propertable, wasandit righteous,according wasto theit equiprin- saidruptionT willthatstopthenit,'andprevailed,he stoppedand

President John Taylor through his ciples of justice that those that were it. Now, what about the future of

teachings has added to our underpure with their Father in the heavens such people. We may have curious

standing of the dealings of God with should come and take bodies and be ideas about them. Some think that

his children. The rather lengthy quoforced to enter into tabernacles, that they are going to remain in hell

tation from one of his discourses, were the offspring of those corrupt for ever and ever. But they were in

given below, assists us in underbeings who were then peopling the the hands of God, and He did right standing the principle of the judgearth? If I or you had been there by them. By and by when Jesus

ments of God and illustrates that it should we not have spoken to our came, what did he do? As soon as He

is necessary for us to view them in Father and said, 'Father, do you see got through with His short mission their proper perspective and setting the corruptions that exist upon the upon the earth, 'He was put to death in order that we may see them as face of the earth?''Yes, I know iC in the flesh, and was quickened by

they are and will be in the overall 'Is it just that we should have to go the Spirit, and went and preached program of eternal life and exaltainto these corrupt, contaminated, unto the spirits in prison, which tion. President Taylor said: evil, wicked bodies to receive our sometime were disobedient when

earthly parentage from them; and be once the long suffering of God

subject to that power and iniquity in waited in the days of Noah,'that "I have heard men talk about the all its phases for thousands or milthey might be placed on the same cruelty of God, just like some foollions of years to come?''No,'says He, plane and in the same position that

ish people talk about their fathers. 'it is not, and I will sweep them others were; that they might obtain

Who knows anything about God? away, I will destroy them; they postheir proper status in the eternal

Did you ever see him? Some think sess the power, while living to propaworlds, and be rewarded with all

it was very cruel in him to destroy gate their species, but I will deprive that was possible for them to enjoy, the world at the flood. How do they them of that power. I will send in according to the eternal laws and inknow but that it was the greatest the floods upon them, and then I scrutable justice of Jehovah. Thus

boon he could confer upon that will shut them up in prison.'Did he justice was satisfied, the law vindiwicked people? How do they know do it? He did. But before He did it, cated, the wicked punished, the

but that it was one of the richest he had the Gospel preached to them unborn and pure protected and problessings he could pour out upon as it is now being preached, and men vided for, and finally, the imprisoned their heads in sweeping them off the clothed upon with the priesthood released from their bondage and salearth and sending them into another were sent forth among the peoples vation extended to the prisoners.

existence and then shutting them up to proclaim to them the great prinWTas there anything wrong in that.

in prison after that. How do you ciples of life, and they had the Gos- 'Yes,'says the ignoramus who does

know? Certainly you do not know pel and the revelations of God and not know anything about it, 'it was

that it is not the case. communion with their heavenly very cruel.'Well, the greatest cruelty

"Let us reason for a few moments Father. Enoch was a preacher of there is about such men is that they

and look at things about as they are; righteousness, and numerous Elders are cruelly ignorant and do not know

I will tell them as they are and as at that time were sent forth among what they are talking about."(]D,

they were. Satan before the days of the people and proclaimed the prin21, 1718.)

the flood obtained the ascendancy ciples of eternal truth and gathered According to John Taylor, God in over many men and brought them the people together so that every his plan has provided for all of his under his rule and dominion. He man who would fear God and obey children and, at the time of Noah,

started in with Cain and made a his law and be governed by the he provided that the righteous who murderer of him the very first thing principles of righteousness, might received the gospel would be caught he did and taught him many prinhave the full blessings of the everup and saved, that the unborn spirits ciples of evil,... Under the influlasting Gospel; and He gathered would have a better opportunity in

ence and power of Satan he operated them together before destruction life, and that the wicked would be to thwart the designs of God and to came. They were gathered unto Zion, destroyed and put into prison to be

stop the purposes of Jehovah. Satan and that Zion was caught up, by the taught later by duly appointed ser42 THE IMPROVEMENT ER*

vants of the Lord. How could the wondered about this, and his eyes went forth to declare the acceptable

Lord have done more for his chilwere opened. Said he, "... my day of the Lord, and proclaim liberty

dren at that time? understanding [was] quickened, and to the captives who were bound...."

We are familiar with the great ac- I perceived that the Lord went not (Gospel Doctrine, p. 474. Alma P.

count of the redemption of the dead in person among the wicked and the and Clea M. Burton, Stones from

by President Joseph F. Smith and disobedient who had rejected the Mormon History, pp. 2526.) These

will recall that he was reading in truth, to teach them; but behold, people were not left without assistPeter about the spirits of the dead from among the righteous he organance. They had the gospel preached

and wondered how it was that the ized his forces and appointed mesto them according to the provisions

Savior could go and preach to these sengers, clothed with power and auwhich the Lord had made. There

multitudes of people in so short a thority, and commissioned them to had been some misunderstanding time as that between his death and go forth and carry the light of the concerning God and his ways relahis resurrection, when he had spent gospel to them that were in darkness, tive to this event. The statement by

three years preaching to the Jews even to all the spirits of men. And President Smith corrected this misand only a few harkened unto his thus was the gospel preached to the understanding.

teaching. President Smith said he dead. And the chosen messengers Some men have stated that they

do not believe that the God of the

Old Testament is the God of the

New Testament because of some of the things they have read in the Old

Testament. settled | THE The Lord that A FOREMOST SPOKEN REPENTANCE so that question you not and I need WORD PRINCIPLE it: worry about spake "And God

unto Moses, and said unto him, I am the Lord: "And I appeared unto Abraham,RICHARD L. EVANS

Isaac, unto and unto Jacob, by the

We turn a moment to what may be an unpopular principle: the principle name of God Almighty, but by my

of repentance—unpopular perhaps because it requires admitting mistakes. name Jehovah was I not known to

Repentance is one of the foremost principles that God has given, and the them."(Exod. 6:2-3.) The same God

fact that he gave it is evidence that he knew we would need it and that he who spoke to Moses taught the peowill accept it—when it is sincere. He will not mock us by requiring ple in the Meridian of Time in the

repentance without incentive or assurance. Sometimes young people will flesh and later, as a resurrected

say ( or assume ): "I have made a mistake. I have brought sorrow to being, was introduced by his Father

myself and my parents and, having done so, the damage is done, and to Joseph Smith in the Sacred Grove.

there is no point in repenting."Let's remove this fallacy first and finally. Thus, it can be understood from

Having made a mistake is no reason for making more mistakes. There the teachings of John Taylor and

is purpose in repenting, and if there were not, no mortal man would ever from President Smith's vision of the make much of his life, because everyone has made mistakes. And if we redemption of the dead that God has

couldn't correct our errors with some assurance, few there are who would always had the welfare of all his ever likely turn around and go the right way. But since sincere repentchildren at heart and has provided

ance is effective, there is never any better time than the earliest time to ways and means for them to progress turn to it—not waiting to make more mistakes. Indeed, deliberate delay in the things of God, whether in the

may cast some doubt on sincerity. Delaying too long could be a bit dispensations preceding the birth of

shaky as to timing. Who knows how long he has to put his life in Christ or in the periods of time since

order? Repentance is part of the process of progress, of learning, of our Lord's advent on earth. All the

maturing, of recognizing law, of recognizing results; it is a process of inhabitants of the earth from Adam

facing facts. Every correcting of a mistake is a kind of repentance; every have been and are his children, and

sincere apology is a kind of repentance; every improvement is a kind of he has prepared a way for all of

repentance; every conquering of an unhealthful habit. Matthew Cowley them to hear the gospel principles.

likened repentance to a tape recording: "... the only thing that scares me,"Many have wondered about the

he said, "is if they have... them over on the other side. Maybe our hell's punishments of God. What is God's

going to be when we get over there, somebody is going to turn on a punishment? "The punishment of

television set, and we are going to see ourselves.... Maybe he will turn God is Godlike,"says Brigham

on a tape recording, and we will hear ourselves speaking. Wouldn't that Young. "It endures forever, because

be terrible?"And then he suggested that under some circumstances there there never will be a time when peocan be some erasing of the tape. "That's what I like about it,"he conple ought not to be damned, and

tinued, "the erasing. I believe when we repent there is some erasing going there must always be a hell to send

on up there so that when we get there we will be judged as we are for them to. How long the damned rewhat we are and maybe not for what we have been."1 Thank God for main in hell, I know not, nor what

the great and saving principle of sincere repentance. degree of suffering they endure. If

we could by any means compute 1Matthew Cowley, see Matthew Cowley Speaks, pp. 382, 383. how much wickedness they are

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia guilty of, it might be possible to

Broadcasting System, October 4, 1964. Copyright 1964. ascertain the amount of suffering

JANUARY 1965 43 they will receive. They will receive A second principle is that of an And if there be no righteousness nor

according as their deeds have been opposition in all things. Lehi, when happiness there be no punishment

while in the body. God's punishment speaking to his son Jacob, said that nor misery. And if these things are

is eternal, but that does not prove there must be an opposition in all not there is no God. And if there is

that a wicked person will remain things and that if this were not so, no God we are not, neither the earth;

eternally in a state of punishment.""righteousness could not be brought for there could have been no creation

(JD 9, 147148.) The Lord in a to pass, neither wickedness, neither of things, neither to act nor to be

revelation to the Prophet Joseph holiness nor misery, neither good nor acted upon; wherefore, all things

Smith said, "And surely every man bad. Wherefore, all things must must have vanished away."(Ibid.,

must repent or suffer, for I, God, am needs be a compound in one...."2:13.)

endless."(D&C 19:4.) Then he gave (2 Nephi 2:11.) According to this scripture, there

further enlightenment relative to this He further stated: "And if ye shall is opposition in all things. John

particular doctrine of eternal punishsay there is no law, ye shall also say Taylor stated regarding this truth, ment by stating that "eternal punishthere is no sin. If ye shall say there is "... there are eternal laws that exist

ment is God's punishment"and that no sin, ye shall also say there is no with the Gods in the eternal worlds, "endless punishment is God's punrighteousness. And if there be no and from which they cannot depart,

ishment."(Ibid., 19:1112.) righteousness there be no happiness. and to which they are bound in all

their acts, I was going to say as we are, but I will not say as we are, but as we ought to be, subject to the law of God in all our acts, and that it is

A TOO COMFORTABLE beabsolutelyplaced innecessarya state ofthattrial,menin shoulda state of probation. just as necessary It was COMPLACENCY... that Satan, if please, should you

exercise his power as that God should exercise his. This is a thing that is

RICHARD L. EVANS not always understood by men, and,

Last week we spoke of neutrality and would turn today to a related subin fact, they understand very little ject, the subject of complacency, recalling a previous sentence which said: about it."(JD 21, 15.) And so there

It is possible to be too comfortable, too complacent, too composed, with too must be an opposition in all things.

much silence, too much consent'—also too much selfsatisfaction, too much This doctrine is as certain as any of

unthinking consent. These are associated somewhat with the feeling that if the doctrines which have been

all seems well with us, why be concerned with others, or with things not fully preached with respect to the prinseen or fully sensed, or with the future before us. But it isn't safe to rely ciples of salvation and eternal proon an old assumption often cited, that what we don't know won't hurt us—gression.

that what we don't see or sense doesn't hurt us. It is possible to be hurt Another important principle in our

without knowing it. It is possible to have a crumbling foundation without discussion is that of the agency of

knowing when it will give way. It is possible to have a termiteweakened man. This divine gift is necessary in

structure without seeing it on the surface. It is possible to have a malignancy man's existence and, if we are to

without at this moment feeling its effects. And saying that what adversely understand God, we must likewise

happens isn't of concern unless at this very moment we fully feel its effects properly understand the agency God isn't a safe assumption. To cite again a striking sentence from a competent has granted us. President McKay has

source: "... what is going to happen is already happening."2 Dishonesty, said, "Next to the bestowal of life

deception, immorality are all permitted by complacency. Evil of all kinds itself, the right to direct that life is

can run rampant over a good but too comfortable complacency. "I have obGod's greatest gift to man."He also

served a number of superficially contented men and women,"said John P. said, "Freedom of choice is more to

Marquand, "and I maintain they are dangerous. Personally, I am glad to say be treasured than any possession

there are a lot of things today with which I am not contented.... I fear the earth can give. It is inherent in the

contented man. I fear him because there is no progress unless there is spirit of man. It is a divine gift to

discontent. Without it today, I even believe, there can be no inner peace every normal being."

of mind."'It takes courage to face uncomfortable facts, but for the trust Again he said, "Free agency is the

and respect of other people as well as for our personal peace and safety, impelling source of the soul's prowe must dedicate ourselves to principles proved by the kind of conduct gress. It is the purpose of the Lord

that can be counted on, and anything that is dishonest or deceptive is an that man become like him. In order

evil and cannot be cured with complacency. "... men should be anxiously for man to achieve this it was necesengaged in a good cause, and do many things of their own free will, and sary for the Creator first to make

bring to pass much righteousness"; '—and, we might add, not become too him free."( Conference Report, April

comfortably, unthinkingly complacent. 6, 1950, p. 32.)

Brigham Young said, "... it is a

Richard L. Evans, "The Spoken Word,"October 18, 1964. mistaken idea... that God has dePorter.2Sylvia

P. Marquand. creed all things whatsoever thatsJohn

*D&C 58:27. come to pass, for the volition of the

"The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia creature is as free as air. You may

Broadcasting System, October 25, 1964. Copyright 1964. inquire whether we believe in fore44 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

ordination; we do, as strongly as by the principle of mercy, which Deity and one of the most cherished

any people in the world. We believe principle is manifest to balance the and desired principles unto which

that Jesus was foreordained before principle of justice. Justice cannot we can attain. Moroni emphasized

the foundations of the world were rob mercy, neither can mercy rob the need for us to improve our own built, and his mission was appointed justice, and the agency of man must station in life through the develophim in eternity to be the Savior of be present in order that the prinment of charity when he said, "And the world, yet when he came in the ciples of justice and mercy may charity suffereth long, and is kind, flesh he was left free to choose or come into action. Mercy is an attriand envieth not, and is not puffed

refuse to obey his Father. Had he bute of God. This fact was emphaup, seeketh not her own, is not easily

refused to obey his Father, he would sized by the Prophet Joseph Smith provoked, thinketh no evil, and rehave become a son of perdition. We to the School of the Prophets in his joiceth not in iniquity but rejoiceth

also are free to choose or refuse the Lectures on Faith. He said, "... within the truth, beareth all things, beprinciples of eternal life. God has out the idea of the existence of this lieveth all things, hopeth all things,

decreed and foreordained many attribute [mercy] in the Deity, the endureth all things."(Moroni 7:45.)

things that have come to pass, and spirits of the saints would faint in And remember that Moroni also he will continue to do so; but when the midst of tribulations, afflictions, said, "Charity is the pure love of

he decrees great blessings upon a and persecutions which they have to Christ."(Ibid., 7:47.)

nation or upon an individual they endure for righteousness'sake."Joseph Smith taught the principle

are decreed upon certain conditions. ( Lectures on Faith, Lecture IV, 15. of forgiveness and mercy on frequent

... It was decreed that Nineveh All of us have had the principle of occasions. At one time he said, "Supshould be destroyed in forty days, mercy exercised in our behalf. Think pose that Jesus Christ and holy

but the decree was stayed on die of the last time you made an error angels should object to us on frivolrepentance of the inhabitants.... that caused you serious reflection. ous things, what would become of

God rules and reigns, and has made You wondered, studied, and worried us? We must be merciful to one anall his children as free as himself, about that which you had done. You other, and overlook small things."

to choose the right or the wrong, and no doubt experienced a definite re- (DHC 5,23.)

we shall then be judged according to morse of conscience because of your And he said again, "Ever keep in our works."(JD 10, 324.) actions. You recall further, when you exercise the principle of mercy, and

Perhaps the greatest scripture conhad repented fully and had obtained be ready to forgive our brother on cerning the principle of agency is forgiveness, what a sweet feeling of the first intimations of repentance, one given by Helaman, when he peace entered your soul and how and asking forgiveness; and should

says: your burden was lifted. Consider, if we even forgive our brother, or even

"And now remember, remember, you will, what it is that takes place our enemy, before he repent or ask my brethren, that whosoever perishwhen you are relieved from the burforgiveness, our heavenly Father eth, perisheth unto himself; [There den of sin and wrongdoing. It is the would be equally as merciful unto

is no one who forces a man to do operation of the principle of mercy us."(Ibid,, 3, 383.)

wrong. There is no one who forces in your behalf through the atoneThe Prophet taught another time:

him to do right.] and whosoever ment of the Lord Jesus Christ. "The nearer we get to our heavenly

doeth iniquity, doeth it unto himJoseph Smith continued his Father, the more we are disposed to self; for behold, ye are free; ye are thought to the School of the Prophlook with compassion on perishing

permitted to act for yourselves; for ets saying, "But when the idea of the souls; we feel that we want to take

behold, God hath given unto you a existence of this attribute [mercy] them upon our shoulders, and cast knowledge and he hath made you is once established in the mind it their sins behind our backs."(Ibid.,

free. gives life and energy to the spirits 5, 24.) This the writer firmly be-

"He hath given unto you that ye of the saints, believing that the lieves.

might know good from evil, and he mercy of God will be poured out In order to become like God, we hath given unto you that you might upon them in the midst of their afmust practise the principle of mercy choose life or death; and ye can do flictions, and that he will compasand charity toward our fellow men.

good and be restored unto that sionate them in their sufferings, and The laws of God set up the limitawhich is good, or have that which is that the mercy of God will lay hold tions beyond which man cannot go good restored unto you; or ye can do of them and secure them in the without punishment being meted

evil, and have that which is evil rearms of his love so that they will out. The principle of mercy is prostored unto you."(Helaman 14: receive a full reward for all their vided to meet the demands of justice

3031.) sufferings.... required by law. As we become more

Someone put it simply when he "And as mercy is also an attribute like God, we are disposed to look said, "In all situations in life, the of the Deity, his saints can have upon others with a view to helping

Lord votes for us, the Devil votes confidence that it will be exercised them. The nearer we live to the likeagainst us, but we cast the deciding towards them, and through the exerness of our Heavenly Father the more

vote. And that is the principle of free cise of that attribute towards them disposed we are to be merciful. This

agency."comfort and consolation will be adfact is a further witness that God

Associated with the principles of ministered unto them abundantly, is compassionate, merciful, and whatever God requires is right, the amid all their afflictions and tribulacharitable. Yet in all this the Lord

free agency of man, and justice is tions."(Ibid., IV, 15, 17.) or man cannot modify or lessen the

the principle of mercy. God is guided Mercy, as the Prophet Joseph demands of justice.

in his decisions and determinations taught, is a chief characteristic of Alma, in the Book of Mormon, has

JANUARY 1965 48 summarized these principles well. punishment; if not so, the works of As stated in the beginning, it is the

Said he to his son Corianton: justice would be destroyed, and God writer's humble opinion that to un-

"Therefore, according to justice, would cease to be God. derstand and appreciate the things

the plan of redemption could not be "But God ceaseth not to be God, of God, we must come to know the brought about, only on conditions of and mercy claimeth the penitent, and Tightness of his judgments; we must

repentance of men in this probationmercy cometh because of the atonecome to understand the principle of ary state, yea, this preparatory state; ment; and the atonement bringeth free agency; we must realize that it

for except it were for these condito pass the resurrection of the dead; is necessary that there must be options, mercy could not take effect and the resurrection of the dead position in all things; and we must

except it should destroy the work of bringeth back men into the presence know the kind and merciful way in justice. [There. had to be the opposiof God; and thus they are restored which God deals with his children—

tion in all things. There had to be the into his presence, to be judged acever extending charity, mercy, foragency of man. There had to be the cording to their works, according to giveness, and understanding unto

law upon which God based his judgthe law and justice."them and ever doing those things

ments in order that justice could [Again, the principle of mercy and affording those opportunities be brought about in relationship to brings men back after they have which make possible their knowlthese things.] Now the work of jusexercised their right of free agency. edge of him and his ways. In the

tice could not be destroyed; if so, After they have made mistakes, have light of this reasoning, the Savior's

God would cease to be God. been subject to the law, are judged statement, "... this is life eternal,

"And thus we see that all mankind by the law, then, on the basis of rethat they might know thee the only were fallen, and they were in the pentance, mercy comes into effect, true God, and Jesus Christ whom grasp of justice; yea, the justice of and they are brought back into the thou hast sent"(John 17:3), is exGod, which consigned them forever presence of God.] ceedingly significant. Eternal life

to be cut off from his presence. "For behold, justice exerciseth all cannot be had upon any other prin-

"And now, the plan of mercy could his demands, and also mercy claimciple than to know God and his not be brought about except an eth all which is her own; and thus, ways. In harmony with this same

atonement should be made; therenone but the truly penitent are scripture are the words of the Prophfore God himself atoneth for the sins saved.... et Joseph Smith: "Here, then, is

of the world, to bring about the plan "And thus God bringeth about his eternal life—to know the only wise

of mercy, to appease the demands of great and eternal purposes, which and true God; and you have got to

justice, that God might be a perfect, were prepared from the foundation learn how to be gods yourselves, just God, and a merciful God also. of the world. And thus cometh about and to be kings and priests to God,

"Now, repentance could not come the salvation and the redemption of the same as all gods have done beunto men except there were a punmen, and also their destruction and fore you, namely, by going from one ishment, which als6 was eternal as misery."(Alma 42:1324, 26.) small degree to another, and from a

the life of the soul should be, affixed small capacity to a great one; from

opposite to the plan of happiness, grace to grace, from exaltation to which was as eternal also as the life exaltation, until you attain to the of the soul. MEETING resurrection of the dead, and are

"Now, how could a man repent exable [finally] to dwell in everlasting cept he should sin? How could he BY S. D1LWORTH YOUNG burnings, and to sit in glory, as do

sin if there was no law? How could those who sit enthroned in everlastthere be a law save there was a Today ing power."(DHC 6, 306.)

for inserting the The reasonpunishment? word

is that the stated Prophet "Now, there was a punishment af- I saw a lovely sight. "finally"

fixed, and a just law given, which I saw you meet him there that this is not all to be accomplished brought remorse of conscience unto On the street, the love light in this life. He said, "When you

man. In your eyes, climb up a ladder, you must begin

"Now, if there was no law given—The sunlight in your hair. at the bottom, and ascend step by

if a man murdered he should diestep, until you arrive at the top; and

would he be afraid he would die if so it is with the principles of the he should murder? Here were no fears. gospel—you must begin with the

"And also, if there was no law first [and he said that the first pringiven against sin men would not be The kiss, soft like a breeze, ciple of the gospel is to know for a afraid to sin. And shy, certainty the character of God], and

if there no was law given, "And justice sinned could do, or what if A signature of love, ciplesgo on ofuntilexaltation.you learnButall [andthe prinnotemen

mercy either, for they would have no Of sweet companionable years, this] it will be a great while after claim upon the creature? Of children born, you have passed through the veil

"But there is a law given, and a Two lives long oneentwined. before you will have learned them.

punishment affixed, and a repentAnd I It is not all to be comprehended in ance granted; which repentance Could understand thai this world; it will be a great work

mercy claimeth; otherwise, justice to learn our salvation and exaltation

claimeth the creature and executeth Such things even beyond the grave."(Ibid., 6,

the law, and the law inflicteth the Cannot die. 306307.)

46 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Are you planning a mission for your child?

Now is the time to guarantee your child's missionary fund!

American Western's Guaranteed Mission Fund guarantees that the money will be there when your son or daughter receives this important call.* Written for children age to 10,

this plan automatically insures their life for $1,000.00... PLUS—provides up to $100 per

month while your child is on his mission.

Send now for complete information about this *May be used for Educational purposes, also. most unusual plan.

AMERICAN WESTERN LIFE INSURANCE CO.

247 South Fifth East, Salt Lake City, Utah 84102

I am interested in your Guaranteed Mission Fund for my child

It's American Western's policy to protect you! children grandchildren

Their names are Date of Birth (Month) (Day) (Year)

Date of Birth (Month) (Day) (Year) AMERICAN WESTERN Date of Birth LIFE INSURANCE CO. (Month) (Day) (Year)

I understand I am under no 247 South Fifth East obligation.Please send me information on this program.

Salt Lake City, Utah Name Address (Street (City) (State) Journal's End In her heart the melody of his rewas here, this tender, tiny person turn burst into a song of joy. wrapped in angel breath and sent

(Continued from page 23) That night she wrote: "October new from the Father.

17, 1847: Andy has come back!""Please,"she said to Andrew,

She remembered that he had set standing by her bed, "please, you her down upon the other side very get my journal and write in it for me gently and had stood looking at her Great Salt Lake City tonight."

closely for a moment. Since then he January 24, 1848 "What shall I write?"

had called her "Miss Mary,"and she Dear Mother, "Why, Andrew, what shall you had filled the water bucket by herAlmost two years have passed write?"

it: theself. But still she had felt that somesince I left you and the family in How tell the wonder of

thing special lay between them, that Nauvoo. I do not know when I will eternal moment, the mystery of life,

someday get a chance to send this letter to the miracle of birth.

For one moment as the men you, but I must write it now, today, Then there came to her the words marched off, rebellion rose inside because my heart is happy. of scripture:

her. Hadn't she left, even as the I was married yesterday to An- "For unto us a child is born, unto

Lord had said, father and mother drew, Jr., the oldest son of the family us a son is given": (Isa. 9:6.)

and all that had been given to her, with whom I crossed the plains. He

for the Church? Why must he be is tall and strong and good, and I

taken also? love him! Outside, the wind of late DecemBut tonight her hand was steady. Mother, can you know how I ber howled around the corners of the

She wrote: "Council Bluffs, Iowa: longed for you to come and put your cabin and threw the powdered snow

Andy left with the Battalion unarms around me and wish us joy? with fury against the tightness of log

der Colonel Allen."But my Father in heaven has walked and chinking.

She laid her pen away, covered by my side and has dealt gently Inside, a fire burned high in the the smoldering coals and, kneeling with me. fireplace. A candle threw its light

beside the canvas of her bed, asked I had no white dress of my own circle upon an open journal and the a blessing upon those who had gone to be married in, but Lucy Campbell man who sat beside the table readand gave thanks once more for the brought me her wedding gown, all ing it. In his arms a baby boy lay

gospel of the Lord. satin, and I was married, wearing it. asleep. Although the child slept, the

Tell Father that I needed him to man made no move to lay him on the stand beside me, but Andy's father bed. He only stopped from time to

Beside a newly started cabin in gave us both his blessing. time to shift him gently and with a

the Salt Lake Valley, the Willis The men are preparing to build a rough tenderness to tuck the blanket family bent over their supper of corn great new temple and, as soon as it is closer.

meal mush. As Mary rose from filling finished, we shall be sealed as the The fire burned into coals and the

another bowl, she saw a man stop at Lord ordains. candle to a short tallow stump before

first one camp and then another, I have carefully folded the satin the man came to the end of his readseeking someone. She handed the dress and returned it to Lucy. The ing and sat staring into the shadows.

filled bowl to Matthew and glanced dress I wear is homespun, but the Finally, wiping a mist from before back again in curiosity. happiness inside me is white bridal his eyes and holding the child closer

The man was walking straight tosilk. yet, he took a pen and, dipping it

I will letter ink, send this to you into wrote: by the the black fire. their couldward What he—first east. I going 1849: company 29, Mary Mar- "December How was Andy! manWhy—the A melody

began inside her. Andy had rewish that you were here, that I could shall Willis died today. She is surturned! see you. Give my love to Father and vived by Andrew Willis, Jr., age

Mary started toward him, then to Jim. Kiss Sue for me. God keep thirtyone years, and Andrew Marstopped short, stepping back, thinkyou! shall Willis, age eleven months."

ing not to come between him and Your loving daughter, his family, suddenly grown shy. Mary

He embraced his father, drew young Matt into his arms and kissed MY VALLEY the smaller boy. Then he walked toJanuary 21, 1849: Mary lay upon BY CHRISTIE LUND COLES

ward Mary. He held out both his her bed. The pain had passed and

hands and, taking hers, said softly, peace filled the little cabin. My valley!

"Mary—Miss Mary!"And then he Her eyes looked with love at the looped with hills

said, hesitating over the words he small form lying on her arm. She and set with stars;

spoke, "You are still Miss Mary?"reached a finger to touch the soft inlaid with emerald meadows;

"Still Miss,"she said, trying to hair and thrust it inside the tiny, trimmed with willows read his meaning in his eyes. clinging fist. She pulled a patchwork by foamy streams,

Suddenly those eyes filled with quilt up around the little chin. and pyramidstraight

tears as, deep out of the loneliness of She was filled with the glory of poplars, moving absence, he cried her name once this wee, red thing with dark, bright like lacy filigree.

more, "Oh, Mary!"and drew her eyes and wrinkled skin, this marvel How beautiful you are,

close into his arms. that yesterday was not and today how dear, how dear to met

48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Genealogical Evening in the Home

(Continued from page 33)

not utterly perish. They desire that

we live worthy of them and their high ideals and carry on worthily as their representatives. Our lives can

be their most enduring monument.

Recently Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the Council of the Twelve

and his wife Camilla spoke in one of the wards. She related incidents

from the life of her grandfather, the pioneer Henry Eyring. Elder

Kimball told of the life of his grandfather, President Heber C.

Kimball, and of his many testimonies, faithpromoting experiences, and prophetic utterances. The audience was highly impressed and

listened with rapt attention.

This again is typical of what can be done by the family.

There are some motion pictures in color now available which present with dramatic effect the lives of family ancestors. One such is entitled Hearts of the Children, in

which President Joseph Fielding

Smith presents to a group of youthful students incidents from the lives of his forefathers Asael Smith and

Reverend John Lathrop. This picture

has appropriately been presented at a family gathering of President

Smith's descendants.

As we look about us, in almost every family there are stories of conversion, choice missionary experiences, childhood adventures, etc.,

that can be given in the course ofa genealogy home evening. Messages RAAAilAr

from patriarchal blessings can be considered by the family. Portrait

pedigrees There be displayed. may HS/we

a vastis rapidly accumulating amount of faithpromoting experiences in the gathering of ancestral records. Elder Mark Austin, former presiEVeNiNG

dent of Fremont Stake and mem12"L. P. RECORDS

ber of the Sunday School general board, once told of this experience of his family in genealogical reMl 1036 Beloved Mormon Hymns $3.95

search in England. His father's Ml 1004 Mormon Folkballads $3.95

family had joined the Church and M11018 To Live in the Sun $3.95

migrated to Zion. Mark returned to

England on a mission. His father Ml 1026 Scenes from the Book of Mormon (mono) $4.95

sent his daughter Harriet to England Ml 1027 Scenes from the Book of Mormon (stereo) $5.95

to gather their genealogy. Before she

left, she was given a blessing by Send your check to the

DEPARTMENT OF AUDIOVISUAL COMMUNICATION,

BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY, PROVO, UTAH 84601

JANUARY 196S 49

President Francis M. Lyman. He These Times such massive proportions that the

said, "Because of the love in your American economic society would be heart for your kindred dead, the "buried"under the mass and presLord our God will prepare the (Continued from page 9) ence, presumably, of Russian overrecord, and it will be given you."coats, automobiles, nylon hosiery,

Elder Austin was permitted to join appliances, wheat, meat, and all his sister Harriet in her search when other products. This, in itself, was a

she arrived in England. They went such affluence. In any event, the lefthanded compliment to the innate

first to the parish where they had real "line"of Russian policy will superiority of the free society. Reformerly lived in England and called hardly change. Henry Adams and sponsible government in the west,

upon their Aunt Mary. Harriet asked John Hay observed this charactergenerally, is guided by fundamental

her, "Does the old gentleman Barnet, istic nearly seventy years ago. recognition of the dynamics of the

father's friend, still live on yonder The Khrushchevian statement most initiative, incentive, and desires of hill?"Aunt Mary answered, "Yes."often quoted was, "We will bury the free individual. Khrushchev's

"Then,"said Harriet, "we will go up you."Read in context, the former statement, in history, will probably

and see him."chairman was urging Russian workstand as a'cheerleader's unintentional

He was delighted to see them and ers to make their poor system work, aside to the other and winning side to hear from his old friend, their to pour out goods and services in of the stadium. He frantically called

father. They talked about the situation of the family in Utah. Then Mr.

Barnet said:

"Harriet, about a month ago I was walking from the house to the little barn, a very at once and all EVIL, AND DOstrong impression came over me that 'DEPART *FROM.I should return to the house, secure a GOOD

book that would be suitable, go to the old church, get the church records and copy off all the names of the Austin family who have lived RICHARD L. EVANS

and died in this village. I debated

with myself for a few minutes, but We spoke last week of the importance of repentance and of the dangers

I couldn't get rid of this impression. of delaying it. So much is at stake, indeed, the whole future before us,

I returned to the house and told my that persisting in unrepentance is exceedingly shortsighted. Also, as earlier

wife. She said, Tf that is the way you observed, following one mistake with more or many more on the assumpfeel, you had better do it.'I have tion that one more won't matter is a foolish and hazardous and untenable

completed the work and was just position to take. Repentance is more than the mere remorse of being

wondering if your father would have caught, more than the uneasiness of an uncomfortable conscience. Repentany use for it."ance is more than regaining comfort and composure. It may include these,

Harriet told him, "I have come, at but it is much more. The evidence of real repentance is a turning away

the request of my father, seven from, a restitution insofar as possible, a change of life, of heart, a genuine thousand miles to get that very recand real reversal within our very souls. Sometimes pride keeps people

ord. Father will be delighted at from repenting, because it requires humility, even the humiliation of

what you have done for us."admitting a mistake. Sometimes rationalizing keeps people from repenting

Harriet and Mark then told him—selfjustification—saying that "after all, it's only a little thing,"or "we

their object in securing this informawere put under pressure,"or "we weren't so bad considering the circumtion, and "the old gentleman was stances,"or "considering that others are worse."Sometimes this rationalvery pleased and affected to think izing says that someday we will repent, someday we will do differently

that the Lord had thus used him."at some more convenient time. Persisting in some practice only so long

Elder Austin explained in telling as it pleases, turning from it only when it has lost its attraction or only the story later that the aged minister late in life, is better than later and better than never. But so long as a

of that parish had always held an person rationalizes to the point of justifying and excusing his errors or unfriendly feeling towards the Morto the point of postponing repentance, he has yet to prove the sincerity mon people and never would have of his intent to turn to right ways. There has been brought to our

permitted Mark and his sister to use attention some searching thoughts from Isaac Meier from which we would the parish registers. However, Mr. share these sentences: "Whoever talks about and reflects upon an evil

Barnet, as a deacon of the church, thing he has done, is thinking the vileness he has perpetrated, and what had full access to the records. The one thinks, therein is one caught.... Stir filth this way or that, and it is

Lord, aware of this condition, had still filth.... That is why it is written: 'Depart from evil, and do good'—

inspired Deacon Barnet to copy the turn wholly from evil, do not brood in its way,1 and do good. You have

records for them. done wrong? Then balance it by doing right!"

The words of President Lyman were literally fulfilled. The Lord had 1Isaac Meier, In Time and Eternity, edited by N. N. Glatzer, New York.

caused the record to be compiled "The Spoken Word,"from Temple Square, presented over KSL and the Columbia and handed to them. Broadcasting System, October 11, 1964. Copyright 1964.

so THE IMPROVEMENT ERA * - 'JPfci upon his side to come from behind with the score 96 to 1. Looking unrealistically, but hopefully, at his

scrubby team, but urging them to be like the winners, Khrushchev turns to the winners and says, "We will bury you."It was a sad speech,

sinister in the light of communist intrigue, but nevertheless sad for the

Russian people.

The most important thing, perhaps, that can be said of Khrushchev is that he retired without immediate violence. During his regime the same

privilege came to other Soviet leaders: Malenkov, Bulganin, Molotov—

without assassination, poisoning, or #P* S3<;

too obvious exile in Siberia. If Khruis to live out permittedshchev Ins Why your church should have the soft, Sea,life Black in a villa by the

should he occasionally express his quiet beauty of Bigelow elsewhere, leaders like formerviews decor. building church be reason Mormon alone would Appearance propaforeignthis might be good carpets other Bigelow like carpet, There are many Bigelow But a fine enough.

ganda for the new Soviet leaders. the Gropoint Director shown above,—ideal for the home as well. In fact, for

Maybe a future Ed Murrow would also absorbs noise. Helps create an atevery public building, for every home,

be permitted an interview next summosphere of serenity. Saves on mainteBigelow has or can customcreate the

mer! Or, Khrushchev might, in a free nance and cleaning costs too. perfect carpet. We've been doing it for

country, gain a page in David BrinkThis sturdy tweed is woven of finest well over a century.

years give to selected imported wools his successorsley's journal. Maybe

It traffic. comes of heavy under wear

CARPETS as this RUGS AND techniquewill stumble upon it to any colors, adaptable 14 making 1825 SINCE Russian ancient the in Bigelow continuethey drive to make Moscow the third

Rome, the capital of the world, a drive now fueled from the Kremlin by communism instead of Russian orthodoxy. Whatever happens, the

new leaders should be aware that * ************ they have to "coexist,"as the west has preached for centuries. Russia

the with globe sharesnot only also Do Your with powChina butnuclear Red erful states in Western Europe and aid,Asia, rebuilt with American inShare offFrance, Germany,cluding West shore Britain, Japan, India, Pakistan, and, of course, Uncle Sam himself.

In the long run, Russian leadership Have some of the Free had better learn that to be "proWorld's most important western,"like Peter the Great or documents close at hand.

Khrushchev, is not enough. The esThe Constitution, the

sence of western civilization is the

United Nations Charter,free individual, guided by the fundamental moral law. Russia and comthe Bill of Rights.

munism ignore both. The affluence There are 40 of them

which has resulted in the west is all together... great for

effect, not cause. Will the new leadschool studies.

knowlto this day,ers come, some Send $1.50 to Home question is the deeper Thisedge?

behind the fall of Khrushchev. ComService Bureau, Salt Lake

munist intrigue and cunning, KhruTribune, 143 S. Main, Salt

shchev as party priest and magistrate Lake City, Utah. Available

combined, could not make dialectifor $1.00 at Tribune.

cal materialism work. Neither can

his successors. Will they learn from

Khrushchev's failure?

ait fykt f&tibuut

JANUARY 1965 91 Members of the Holladay Ath Ward Group of the U5th Quorum of Seventy.

Acel Lowe is the Group Leader,

..TeachingFathers to Teach

exactly how the verse runs, but he recalls enough of it to know that it speaks to parents directly: "Inasmuch

as parents have children in Zion who fail to teach them the gospel and to be baptized when eight years old the sin be upon the head of the parents."(See

D&C 68:25.) He is conscious that in this partly remembered verse is also the germ of the idea that

parental control of children is implied.

As the president reads further, he is struck by the wide range of topics. This series of lessons is teaching

the quorum member his duties as a father. It gives to

him the basic principles by which he can conduct family home evenings in his home with purpose and, in addition, provides him instruction and help on his attitude and conduct throughout the week. It could

be labeled, "How to be a father in the Church."

His thoughts now run to the quorum. If he is president of a quorum contained in one ward, he seeks out

This is January 1965. Every quorum president in the finest and best teacher the quorum can produce.

the Melchizedek Priesthood will face two responsiOn the other hand if his quorum is made up of several bilities on any Sunday morning at the priesthood hour. ward groups, each group needs special attention to

The first of these is the responsibility to teach a insure that there will be competent teachers in each new program to the members of the quorum. This group. He will consult with group leaders to find the

program is called The Family Home Evening Probest possible candidates.

gram. As the quorum president reads through the The second responsibility will be apparent as the

material contained in the weekly lesson manual, he quorum or group convenes. The roll is called, and

notices that there is a continuing thread of related some of the quorum members do not answer "present."

substance throughout. Fathers are to call their families Many of these are the chronically absent. Others are

together once each week and enjoy family association. those who come intermittently. In either case they

During the evening the father and his wife are invited do not take part in the discussions and miss vital into teach the children the principles of the gospel by struction in how to teach the gospel to their families.

means of a special series of lessons which are to be A serious defect is apparent, too. These absentees will

provided. The quorum president remembers that the not get the spirit of wanting to participate in this imLord has spoken on this subject. He can't remember portant program.

52 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The president will not wait to discover whether the ent at weekly priesthood meetings to prepare themabsent member will be present next week. Now is the selves for this most important assignment.

time to begin to bring him in. At the very next meeting Until now parents have had no orderly way shown

of the ward executive committee either he or the group them how to teach and help their children. Some have

leaders representing him will talk it over with the comnot needed help, but many do need to be assisted.

mittee. The bishop of the ward will be vitally interThe responsible quorum president will leave no

ested, for these men who don't come are the heads stone unturned to bring about the training of all the of families in his ward. members of his quorum in this new and important

Here a plan will be laid to persuade them to attend. program.

The group leaders will call upon the home teacher of the families concerned. Normally these will be members of the same quorum. Consultation will bring out

The new Family Home Evening program isthe best way to approach the absent one.

There will be times when the group leader or very important. Much of the procedural instruction is given at the regular ward groupquorum president will accompany the home teacher

meetings of the priesthood quorums.in the effort to warm up the missing brother. In the

Some quorums are holding their business case of a quorum completely in one ward, the quorum president will be in direct association with the home meetings at this hour, which makes it necessary for groups to miss one instruction meeting teachers. Otherwise, the group leader will need to

each month. Thus those so doing miss onefollow through with the home teachers.

fourth of this instruction through the year. It will be remembered that quorum presidents are

It is requested that priesthood quorums withexpected to hold meetings with group leaders at membership in more than one ward hold theirregular intervals. One of the main topics for discussion

and solution is the member who does not take part in monthly business meetings at times which will not interfere with the weekly instruction activities or attend meetings.

meetings in the local wards. This will be in In the end there will be agreement between all

harmony with the Melchizedek Priesthoodconcerned—president, group leader, home teacher—on

Handbook, page 16, which states:

plans to reach the absent brother. These will be

"Where quorum members are dividedhumble men trying to bring in a brother, that his among more than one ward, a monthly quorumfamily may not go spiritually hungry. Because they

business meeting should be scheduled at such are "anxiously engaged in a good cause"(ibid., 58:

conflict to avoid an hour as with any ward27), they can appeal to the Lord for help and guid-

..."meetings. priesthood

ance. The appeal will not go unanswered. Ways will

be found to persuade the quorum members to be presJANUARY 1965 53

BY MARK R. NIXON

I believe that gaining knowledge is one of my most important responsibilities. Further, I believe that we,

as members of the Church, often fail to take advantage of the greatest opportunity for learning ever given to any people. I believe that this opportunity is in the

home.

It is in the home where discussions are held and problems settled. Without this background support

from my parents and brothers, I know that I could easily lose sight of the real objectives and goals in this

life.

MARK REED NIXON was born August 16, 1949 in The Church is continually trying to strengthen the

Richfield, Utah. He is the oldest of six sons of S. Reed bond and lessen the gap between parents and chil-

& Joyce Johnson Nixon. Mark has lived in many parts dren. I believe that going out with my father on

of the nation, where he has always been active in Aaronic Priesthood outings and in all camping opporchurch. He now lives in Woodland Hills, California and tunities, like father and son outings, helps me learn

is a Teacher in the Woodland Hills Ward, and has 3 from my father and learn more about him. We have

individual awards. He is a Life Scout and is active in so much fun when we go camping as a family. It

his troop. Mark is a student at Taft High School where is a time when we can joke around, kid one another,

he is training for the Spring Gymnastics team. His and all of us take it in stride.

ambitions are to complete a full time mission and I believe that all organizations are aids to the home.

finish law school. When I hear something in priesthood meeting or

Sunday School or in MIA that is new to me or is something I cannot understand, I ask my father about it. He is able to explain in more detail something that

54 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA we did not have time to cover in class. It is from my someone different is in charge. He plans the whole

parents that most of my knowledge of church docprogram. Sometimes each of us is asked to give an

trine comes. The Church, I have noticed, is trying more extemporaneous talk on subjects selected by the perand more to bring our lessons home through various son in charge. You can see how this would help me

programs starting with the Primary. This program in schoolwork.

enables children to ask questions and parents to follow Our Family Nights range from talent shows to game what the child is doing. Even before this was started, nights to movies or bowling. We always have fun and

my parents at dinnertime often discussed what was enjoy doing things together. There is a spiritual thought

said at stake conference and Sacrament meeting and and, of course, prayer in each meeting. My parents

sometimes even rewarded the one who remembered feel that the family gettogethers are so important the most. that they do not permit anything to interfere. We do

I said before that it is in the home where we are not even answer the telephone.

first taught to pray. I cannot remember when I have My parents are the greatest example to me. They

not said my prayers at night before going to bed. I have trained me and guided me. They have made a

now watch my young brothers learning to say the perfect atmosphere for selfimprovement, and I comblessing on the food. I notice the patience it takes to pletely trust them. They have taught my five brothers

help people learn even to pray. I believe this helps me and me to take responsibility. We all have normal

appreciate my parents. household duties, keeping the house straight and doThere never seems to be enough time to accomplish ing our share at meals. Work in the yard and Saturday

all my work. I believe the pressure to do more than we jobs, helping my dad on odd jobs and in his business,

really can is forever increasing. For this reason, I and always the seemingly overburdened amount of

appreciate spending one evening each week with my homework keep us busy. But by organization of my

family in "Family Night."Family Nights have always time, and because I believe they come first, I have

been something special to all of us. In our Family been able to accept responsibility in my priesthood

Night, a record is kept of all the business discussed. quorum, Scout activities, and in school.

Everyone tells the most important thing that has In summary, I believe a righteous home and loving happened to him since the last meeting. We have a family are the greatest blessing and asset a person can

record of all the meetings since 1959, and it is lots have. As an example, when I was seven years old I

of fun to look back through the years and recall the started a savings account in preparation for a mission, things we have done together. Each Family Night thanks to the urging of Mom and Dad.

JANUARY 1965 55 TODAY'S FAMILY, FLORENCE B. PINNOCK

EDITOR rtQuickerbythe Some things are quicker and also cheaper by the wise man or woman is one who does not spend more dozen. I'm thinking particularly of TV dinners. Making than he earns. He really manages his money.

them up by the dozen is a way to save money as well Food buying takes a big part of every dollar. It is

as minutes. When January comes around and the said that a small amount of money spent wisely can

Christmas bills start coming in, it's time to think of buy better nutrition than a large amount spent carebudgets and moneysaving ideas. It is not just timely lessly. The less money there is to spend the more

but imperative that we sit down and ask, "Where carefully we must budget, plan ahead, buy, and care did the money go last year?"But a much better quesfor the food purchased so as to have good nutrition.

tion is, "How best can I spend my money this year?"Invest in good nutrition when money is scarce rather

If you really want to manage your money instead than in outof-season food, preprepared food, or speof having it manage you, goals must be set. Sit down, cialties to flatter the taste and ego. Ruth M. Leverton

take a large piece of paper, title it, "Me and My in her book, Food Becomes You, says:

Money."As item one, state the amount of income you "Food is only one of the many things which our

can count on this year; then draw a line down the income must buy. Money for food must compete with

center of the page; on one side list the fixed expenses, money for housing, for clothes, for recreation, and

on the other side the flexible expenses. Add each many other things until we hardly give food a fair

column, then add them together, and see how the total share of the income. We can obligate ourselves too

matches your income. If it is larger, start analyzing heavily for the continuous fixed expenses such as rent,

each item and cut here and there until there is a insurance, and numerous installment payments. It is

balance. If the total is smaller than your income, be not uncommon to try to save enough from the food

sure you haven't forgotten something important like budget to buy a new pair of shoes or a lamp, make a insurance premiums. But if as you check it, it is still payment on the television set, or to buy some other

smaller than your income, shout hurrah and hurry and item entirely unrelated to our nutrition and health.

put the difference in the bank. Then the food budget has to take what is left, and

Money management must be learned just as spelling, often this is not enough to feed us well.

writing, or playing a musical instrument must be "Sometimes we are doing so much planning and buylearned. Daily practice and stoic will power are necesing for the future that we forget to provide well for

sary to keep control of money. A dollar spent carelessly today. Planning and preparing for both the nearat-

here, five dollars spent thoughtlessly there, and soon hand and the farahead future must include dayto-day actual needs cannot be met. food for fitness. Good health adds meaning and pleaThe wish, "If I only had more money,"is a common sure to everything we do at every age. What we eat

one. But more money won't help unless you learn how today becomes what we are tomorrow."*

to use it. Money demands a certain respect, a certain (Continued on following page)

"good sense"knowledge of values. A mother is actually ton,'Reproduced2nd edition,bypermission1960, by fromthe IowaFood StateBecomesUniversityYou byPress,Ruth M.p. 167.Levercheating her husband and children if she is careless

about what she buys. A husband has a right to ask

value for each dollar he earns; the children have endless basic needs that must be met. A mother must be

wise enough to balance the household budget, if the family is to be healthy in mind and body.

Our Church has always taught us to live within our means, to be honest about our purchases, and to pay for what we buy. No services or materials should be

contracted for without the means to pay. To be in

debt is a condition we have been taught to shun. A

Quickerbythe dozen erdozenand orcheapereven bywhenthe twomadedozen.by the 2 tablespoonsonion instant chopped

Vz teaspoon seasoned salt (Continued from preceding page) PENNY HELPERS Arrange half of the bread in the bottom of a glass baking dish. Over

Often a little ham is left over. These that place Vz of the cheese slices. In

croquettes make a delicious dinner the next layer arrange the broccoli

January is a good month to make served with glazed sweet potatoes, and diced ham. Place remaining

a start at budget eating. Plan ahead, string beans, casserole, apple and slices of bread for the next layer

and an excellent way to do this is to celery salad, and ice cream. (can be cut with a doughnut cutter

use your freezer to its capacity. for more fancy effect). Put remainHomemade TV dinners are cheaper Ham Croquettes (6 servings) ing cheese on top. Bake for 55 minby the dozen. These dinners do not utes at 325 degrees F. Let rest for

necessarily need to be eaten on laps; 3 cups ground cooked ham 10 minutes after taking from oven

they can be served at an attractively P/z tablespoons grated onion to firm it before cutting and serving.

set table. They are a quick way to lVz cups mashed potatoes

dinner. The time will come when Salt and pepper to taste Frankly Delicious Barbeque

dinner must be prepared in a matter 2 eggs, beaten ( 5 servings is to go to the time This minutes.of parsley 2 tablespoons

8 to 10 frankfurters, sliced Vz inch the required freezer, take outthe dry bread crumbs Fine number of TV dinners, heat them, thick sliced thinly 1 onion cup If fresh nutritious, good, serve.and potatoes, onion, together ham, Mix V2 green pepper chopped cup initial is their preparain usedfood to salt pepper parsley. and and Add butter tablespoons 2 delicious. will resultstion, be the end croquettes. into Chill. 12 taste. Shape V3 catchup cup will will you a dayThere when come the into beaten croquettes the Dip 1 sauce Worcestershire teaspoon so really likefeel might cooking, you in roll Place in crumbs. and egg 1 beans barbecue 16ounce can it assemblylineas well an on do degrees at 400 bake and greased pan

large or four threebasis. Cook pot F until browned. Brown the onion and green pepper roast, ovenroasts at or a a time, huge

butter. the sliced lightly in the Add half fry a dozenor oven ham, or

ingredients other and to is just It as easy cook Stuffed Beef Hearts (6 to 8 servings frankfurterschickens.

a lot as a little. After the meat or and cook just until heated through.

hearts beef small slightly; cool then 2 is cooked,fowl onion 3 or 4 cups and sage dressing Chicken Shortcake (6 servings) the gravy, and cool. Make slice, make

of kettle mashed potatoes; a largeup Oil chicken fat, butter, or marto use. Vz to 1 cup water Vz cup vegetables decidethen on the garine

texconsideration into takeAlways slit the hearts and into lVz tablespoons chopped green make a to Wash flavor.ture, color, and You want the cavities. blood the center pepper Remove

dinner.serve a compatible The vegeFill hearts the flour vessels tablespoons 6 any gristle. and

untiltables only should be cooked the stuffing broth 2 and sew with the cups chicken up tender; crispily do not overthey are

little oil. all sides in a cream on 1 cup slit. Brown trayscook. Scald aluminum the TV dish, in a diced cooked chicken the 3 baking add cups Place your saving have been and thoseyou

tightly. in Salt to taste water, Cook and cover

for collecting you. hasneighbor been F) (about 300 degrees a slow oven the attractively in thePlace the food fat green the cook and Heat are until hearts for or hours 4 about

sections. large different spoon- a Put tender. it until the in pepper Add are with served tender. good They

ful of over stir thinnerthan-usual gravy broth; the in chicken flour and carrots, a peas, and glazed whole

(this of helps serving until theeach stirring meat smooth; cook, add salad. big green

it of the moist butter a pat ), on the gradually.keep chicken Add cream

potatoes, and one tablespoon of and season to taste. Heat the mixvegetable juice over each serving of Cheese adds a great deal of nourture thoroughly, stirring constantly.

vegetables, and the tray is ready to be ishment to a dish. This Cheese Strata Serve over hot baking powder biscovered with a large piece of alumiserved with a big fruit salad makes cuits.

num foil. Seal the foil down securely. a delicious meal. To complete the meal serve asMark the foil beef, ham, chicken, or paragus, a fruited gelatin salad, and

whatever it may be before it is put Glenna's Cheese Strata crisp cookies.

over the tray. Turkey, lamb, meat

loaf, sweet potatoes, macaroni and 12 slices white bread with crusts Lima Supper (4 servings) cheese, and almost any other nutriremoved tious, freshly cooked food can be % pound sharp cheese, sliced 1 10ounce package frozen lima used in the frozen dinners. The chil- 2 cups diced cooked ham beans, cooked and seasoned

dren will love these busyday din- 1 package frozen chopped broccoli, 1 can luncheon meat, cut in V4 inch ners, and there is no need for Mother cooked and drained slices to feel guilty when she has made 3V2 cups milk 1 4-ounce can mushrooms (stems them herself. These meals are quick- 6 eggs, slightly beaten and pieces ), drained

58 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA V3 cup chopped onion 1 lOViounce can condensed tomato soup V2 teaspoon dry mustard V4 teaspoon thyme Vs teaspoon pepper Vs cup grated cheddar cheese

Combine the lima beans, mushrooms, onion, tomato soup, dry mustard, thyme, and pepper, and pour into

F/2-quart casserole. Arrange the

luncheon meat slices on top. Bake at

375 degree F for 20 minutes.

This casserole is good served with fruit salad, hot bran muffins, and ice cream for dessert.

Salmon Loaf (6- servings)

1 1-pound can pink salmon IV2 cups soft bread crumbs, Yp/AMf|!

% cup cooked tomatoes 1 egg, beaten 2 tablespoons oil GrandButterCoffeeNationalCake"BakeOffnowon "OrangeRed Star

IV2 tablespoons minced onion Yeast packets. Part of Red Star's

xk teaspoon savory seasoning "Back Fence"Recipe exchange!

Salt and pepper to taste quickrisingAnother goodRed Star.reasonSo todependablyreach for

fresh, so dependably active, it's the

Cook the onion slightly in the oil, only official BakeOff Yeast!

mix in all the odier ingredients. Pack

into a wellgreased loaf pan. Bake

at 350 degrees F until firm, about 45 minutes.

Serve with baked potato, butcorn, lettuce tered salad, and appleVisit Cshe kJIoli/ band in CjpriL for dessert.crisp pudding

Whole Meal Winter Soup

2 meaty beef soupbones 4 quarts water 1 cup chopped onion 2 cups chopped celery and leaves 1 cup shredded cabbage 2 cups diced carrots 1 cup diced turnips HARVEY L. TAYLOR W. CLEON SKOUSEN

V2 cup regular rice Tour Advisor Tour Director 1 quart canned tomatoes All the pleasures and adventures of the Holy Land can be yours this

Salt and pepper to taste spring in a marvelous tour of countries which have lured the con- 8 allspice berries querors and builders of empire; the home of the Old Testament

3 bay leaves prophets and the scenes of Christ's birth and ministry—Jacob's Well,

the Jordan River, the Holy City—all names hallowed in memory.

Simmer the soupbones in water towhich bay leaf, allspice, and salt and Dates: March 30—April 20 (optional European Extension to May 5).

pepper have been added, until meat For complete information write falls from the bone, about 3 hours.

Remove the meat from the bone and B.Y. U. TRAVEL STUDY, PROVO, UTAH

add the vegetables to the meat and meat stock. Cook slowly until the

vegetables are tender but not mushy.

Add more water if needed.; Downtown

To complete this meal serve hot f Santa Barbara yfSBSVWKfhomemade bread and butter, for H EL PRADO MOTOR INN dessert a chiffon pie. Variety of beverages

Served in keeping with L.D.S. standards

JANUARY 196S 89 STRENGTHEN YOUR HOME Since Cumorah WITH (Continued from page 37) HOME STUDY

tenders who claimed to have the

Please send knowledge that the Lord had given

Free the Apostles in private; they sprang

HOME STUDY upmostlikeof mushrooms,the people andwerebeforefollowinglong 240 The early writers are always Catalog to... them.

NAME careful to specify that there were the

ADDRESS "false Gnostics,""Gnosticsso-called,""selfstyled Gnostics,"and thereby preserve a careful distinction beCITY tween the false and the true Gnosis. 241

STATE The swarming impostors each did everything they could to make the HOME STUDY, Brigham Young University,

Provo, Utah world believe that his and his alone was the true, ancient, and sole surviving heir of the original Church and

FAMILY CRESTS - COAT OF ARMS that it alone possessed the secret knowledge imparted to the Apostles after the resurrection; and the smashing success that greeted many of

A FREE DOLLAR BOX OF MASON CANDY them is a plain indication of how

CAN HELP YOU RAISf $180 TO $2,500 hungry the Christian world was for that very knowledge. SHIELDS... risk in WALL no obligation. advance... no moneyNo

PITCHERS WATER nationof that dollar will today suggest Gnostibox give you a Some FREEWe

PARCHMENTS tell your youally and how candy Mason known really DOUBLE WALL SHIELDS cism a state of was mind and organization can make40<;on every $1.00 box. SILICATE CHINA PLATES

Kohler's definition of it W. araccept file, including on Mints, names 100,000 Almond choice of have MasonYou have a We

Irish also all practically names. for morials We Jellies, At Fudge. as "an Walnut Assorted impersonalCocoanut, religious mass Scottish English, for and Welsh orders execute

no extra charge each package is wrapped with names and for other nationalities. movement."242 It was a general groppicture. You pay organization's andyour name IMPERIAL SALES ing for something everybody felt the candy. sold the you haveonly after EM 3-4184 964 Laird Ave.

Return what you don't sell. More than 60,000 Salt Lake City, Utah church should have but obviously no

organizations have raised money this easy longer did have; Gnosticism was be

way. So can you! For complete information,

fore all else phenomenon. a vacuumfill in and mail this coupon today! CHI'S in to TOURS rushed The Gnosis fill an empty

179 SOUTH STATE ST. PHONE 3221205

Taylor, Dept. Mrs. Mary 978 exist did not as space which as long Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 Box Mason, Mineola, 549, N. Y.

Join us in these Fabulous and still alive; Exciting Tours the Apostles it "recwere Please Gentlemen: send me, without obliga

tion, information on your Fund Raising Plan. THE HOLY MIDDLE & LAND EAST ognized a real mental want"; 243 the 21 31st for March Days Name

Age (If under 21 ) 24 Days toTHEexploreEXOTICthe fascinatingORIENT Orient—Christian Gnostics felt that their

Organization April 10 June. teaching "supplied that which was

Address Extension to the South Pacific lacking to complete the great synTHEATRE YORK TOUR NEW State. & religious to which Enjoy thought Six (6) popular most was Broadway Shows thesis

at Easter Time.: CityCounty Christ tending."244 Hadn't the and Mexico, Hawaii, Europe, South America membersPhone many How others. and that? supplied Apostles Exactly, after

call for Write further or information the resurrection, and that was the knowledge that people were missing

LIBRARY, EVERY HOME, OR WARD of Should copies the—the Gnosis, "something extra which have bound

ERA remained a secret for the uniniti- "245 $2.50 for Only high a heavyduty quality ated

binder. free Indexes with binders. YOU CAN RENT IT! from Order The trouble with the Gnosticsso-

is not that they claimed to posHOWE RENTS The Improvement calledsess the postresurrection wonderful

SALES AND RENTALS 135 South State Street I Salt Lake City Salt Lake City, Utah 84111 2375 South State 4860055

60 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Wonder what revelations but that they did not NeoPlatonic, Gnostic, and "orthopossess them—they were only faking dox"teachers were all "educated in to serve

or wishfully thinking; they didn't the same intellectual milieu, were all when you have

have the Gnosis at all, and when the born in Egypt, all attended the same friends in?time came to deliver the goods, as it university at Alexandria where all

soon did, since they all challenged became imbued with the same ecleceach other's exclusive claims, they tic Platonism,"and he asks us, "What were caught emptyhanded—they could the term 'heretic'have meant

had to come up with something: at so early a time?"251 We must bear

hence the feverish and irresponsible in mind that "hitherto, the history of borrowing of any odds and ends of Christian Gnosticism has been writOriental lore they could lay their ten by its enemies,"and in view of apfindings hence the it would now solemn andhands on; the new Why not (the most "Valentinianism appeal thatimpressive to philosophy—pear

especially the recondite and mysterirepresentative form of Gnosticism) tryPostum?

ous gospel of NeoPlatonism, hence was more 'Christian'than most of its the willingness to make full use of adversaries would like us to think."252

genuine or spurious holy writings or A common charge against the Gnoseven to forge new ones outright. tics is that they claimed to know the

What has made the study of Gnostianswers to the great questions of life, cism so infinitely complex and hopebut what religion does not? After all,

lessly confusing is the willingness of these are the questions "which perthe Gnostics in their need to throw petually excite mankind."253 There is

anything into the hopper. not a Gnostic teaching that some

It was easy to demonstrate the Gnostic did not reject and some folly of the Gnostic claims, but what orthodox Christian did not accept.

had anybody else to put in their But what do we mean by "orthoplace? Nothing. Gnosticism "was dedox"Christian? If we knew that, we

feated only at the price of substanwould have no trouble identifying tial concessions still plainly visible heretics and Gnostics simply as those in the structure of Christian thewho disagreed with the "Main ology."246 "The main church had no Church."But "Main Church"is

choice,"wrote C. Schmidt, "but to strictly a modern term, invented to

follow along the same path."247 "In describe something for which the

Catholicism,"says Harnack, "Gnostiancients had no word and of which cism won half a victory."248 In fact accordingly they had no concept.

Harnack believed that the Gnostics The distinction was made only after were simply "the Christian theolothe business had been settled—not by Flavorful, hearty Postum

gians of the first centuries of the a formal council or decree, but imjust naturally encourages

Church,"the only real difference beperceptibly in a long series of comgood talk among friends.

tween them and the later doctors promises. Until then the Christian Made with pure,

being that they thrust on the church Church during the great crisis was energyfood ingredients abruptly a theology which the latter like the Jewish church, a swarm of and no caffein, accepted only gradually. 249 In the sects, each claiming to be the one Postum gWesyouanatural lift.

early period, "it is dangerous"we are original but none able to prove its You can drink all you like.

warned, "to treat the Gnostics, the case. 234 But when a winner emerged If you haven't tried

Apologists and others as distinct and—that party which got the sympathy Instant Postum lately,

separate groups,"and since "the and armed might of the emperor on you're missing a satisfying,

Gnostics remained fairly close to the its side—the winning party got to bracing drink.

'orthodox'Church down to about 180 work and completely obliterated You'll enjoy its natural lift.

... it is indeed an open question how every trace of its former rivals: "The The Natural Lift

far we can really make use of such beaten ones were not only covered

Send name and address terms as 'orthodox'and 'heretical'at with the green sod,"as Schoeps puts forfree Postum recipes to:

this stage."250 it, "but with a great silence as well,"

Postum Recipes, Quispel has shown how the great so that their rediscovery in our time Box 1040, Kankakee, Illinois.

Postum is a registered trademark of General Foods Corporation.

JANUARY 1965 61 has come as the greatest surprise.- 55 And just as the antiGnostic writBut why are wellknown orthodox ers are thus an authentic guide to

Christian works including the writGnosticism, so the teachings and ings of John and Paul, the Odes of practices of the false Gnostics are a

Solomon, and the Clementine Recogreliable guide to the nature of the nitions so full of Gnostic expressions? true Gnosis which they were counSpecial for Not because they are Gnostic, as has terfeiting. If "Simon Magus ( the archbeen commonly assumed, Schoeps Gnostic) promised a baptism to

points out, but precisely because eternal life,"257 it does not follow that

Reception Invitations, Napkins, they are fighting the Gnostics, to do there was no genuine ancient ChrisAlbums, etc., featuring L.D.S. which most effectively they must tian baptism or that the Gnostics

designs. (Conventional temple

Write employ the familiar jargon of the invented the idea of baptism which styles 100 for $5.95.)

for FREE catalog and samples. Gnostics themselves. 256 is thus a later interpolation in the

(Catalog airmail for 25#—Oakland Temple Designs)

REXCRAFT Rexburg, Idaho 83440 w

WHEAT MILL ONLY NOT NEUTRAL BUT NEGATIVE POSTPAID ANYWHERE IN THE UNITED STATES RICHARD L. EVANS

Cracks or grinds corn wheat, and There is a word considered often as a virtue which is often not necessarily all kinds of hard grains, or soft l'/2 min. so, and indeed may be quite the contrary. We refer to neutrality, which lbs. per

in dictionary definition means "neither one thing nor the other,""not

GUARANTEED engaged on either side,""middling, indifferent... without marked vices

SPECIAL PRICES TO LDS GROUPS or virtues."Neutrality may mean not meddling in what one should

not meddle in. On the other hand, where one should be actively interested,

PEHRSON HARDWARE neutrality is much less a virtue and much more a vice. We have heard

21 15 So. 1 lth East, Salt Lake City too much, for example, of people's appealing for help, crying for help,

desperately needing help, under attack or in serious distress, while others,

LOAN MANAGER not wishing to trouble themselves, not wishing to become involved, go

Perhaps you are living in an area you don't on their way, pretending not to hear or choosing to assume that the like and want to return to the Salt Lake situation isn't serious, and so, in a sense, pass on the other side as in

City area. the Parable of the Good Samaritan. Neutrality can be a sort of shell, a

We need a loan manager with heavy exsham, a preserving of complacency, of convenience, a withholding of service, perience with loan a major company. We not becoming committed. There is a time to be counted—and to be Profit offer Sharing, AssisEducational an

tance Program, and all fringe benefits you counted on. There is a1 time to make commitments. "Indifference produces

would expect from a topflight company. a negative character."And neutrality, where principles are concerned,

Please send confidential resume including where good and evil are at issue, where there is distress, lawlessness, or salary requirements to P. O. Box 1572, Salt rampant wrong—such neutrality is not neutral but negative—indeed an

Lake City, Utah. actual evil. If no one cared what happened to anyone, life would be

likely also will for have openings finance We trainees in the will little worth living. If nobody chose to defend righteousness, if nobody company months and ahead

welcome inquiries. fought for freedom, if nobody voted, if nobody took a public position, if

nobody stood up and said what was right and what was wrong, men would drift down to an unsocial and unsafe jungle. It is possible to be

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS too comfortable, too complacent, too composed, with too much silence, too much consent. There is a time to take sides, to stand up, to be

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple heard, to exert influence and effort, to do something about what should sore throat and other minor mouth be done, and the "don't care,""can't be bothered,""don't get involved,"and throat irritations. "neither one thing nor the other"attitude is, under some circumstances,

not neutrality in fact or in effect but an encouragement to evil. "Where...

gives Right a Call,"said neuter'"a Penn, or William a must be Coward HALL'S REMEDY Hypocrite. as a Call often good, as have to do have the we... We City. Utah an Salt Lake

."2.. Power and Occasion.

UR Girls,"to Delineator, 1910. 'Mrs. Burton Chance, November "A Talk MUSIC OWN Solitude, Penn, TEACHER 2William 436. 432, of Numbers Some Fruits

lor Free SendV Book Telling How

Instrument Learn ANY Square, presented "The Spoken Word,"from Temple over KSL and the Columbia it's to learn easy at home.YouNOWCanmusic System, No 18, 1964. 1964. October Copyright

exercises. tunestireII! Broadcasting Playsome

right away. Pictured lessons

show how. Lowcost easypay plan. Write to U.S. SCHOOL OF MUSIC, Studio

PortA1071, Washington, N. Y. State Educ. Dept. No salesmanL. I., N. willY. Est.call. 1S98.Tear out.Lie.

62 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA NOTICE

if less,"source; faked the Marcosians a Testament, no and more no WE ARE MOVING!! 262 with sacrament Harris. chemicals that "the Again, Gnostic writes made

water seem to turn to blood, 259 it heretics used the Gospel of Thomas,"Effective March 8, 1965 not follow does that there that they was does no not mean but that THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 263 early Christian If sacrament observes. but only it, R. E. Taylor a wrote OFFICE

borrowing from the Gnostics; if the Paul and John seem to talk like later

Valentinians had a parody of proGnostics it is not because they will be located in the phetic inspiration stimulated by the adopted Gnostic ideas but the other BEEHIVE BUILDING BANKtaking of drugs and potions; or if way around; their words were

State Street 79 South they staged their own quaint version twisted to Gnostic ends because Salt Lake City, Utah 841 1 of celestial marriage, it does not fol- "... second century Gnosticism...

low that prophecy and marriage oris the product of a defective exegesis That address again...

dinances did not exist in the early of the New Testament."264 The ApocBEEHIVE BANK BUILDING

Street South State 79Church. 258 The peculiarly pernicious ryphon of James can easily be given

City, Salt Lake Utahthing about the pretenders, as Irena- a Gnostic interpretation, Van Unnik 841 1 eus pointed out, was that they mixed reminds us, but then so can the The Improvement everything up, "making convincing Bible. 265

noises... taking liberties with the It is H. J. Schoeps's final explanalogia of the Lord, having become tion of the Gnostic anomalies that

bad interpreters of the good and brings this reader back to the Book correct word... persuading many of Mormon almost with a jolt. Whenthat they have the Gnosis.... They the false Gnostics started making trfKEmmm

argue very convincingly... making their claims, the only people whotruth and falsehood indistinguishstood up to them, according to VITAMINSGet a 25day $1.25 supply

able... making whatever they say Schoeps, were the Ebionites, "the at no charge... a highseem truer than truth itself...,"259 descendants of the original Church potencyformula fortifiedvitaminmineralwith A

It is no wonder that men have reof Jesus,"whose counterblast is still NEWER FORM OF IRON. Send 10c to

mained hopelessly confused about preserved in the pages of the Clemcover shipping to VITAMINQUOTA, 1125 L-679, Dept. South Crenshaw

the Gnostic ever since—confusion entine Recognitions. 266 This work is Calif. 19, Blvd., Los Angeles

was their business. full of Gnostic jargon but employed

To return to our newly found strictly to discredit the Gnostics sotexts, Christian and Jewish, one of called. Actually, all the main points

the odd things about them was that of Ebionite theology correspond to CREATIVE FAMILY LIVING by Beverly Romney Cutler while they were often labeled Gnosthe teachings of the Dead Sea tic because of the Gnostic ideas and Scrolls. 267 Why should Christians with a foreword by

expressions in them, their teachings appeal to such a source? They didn't; President Henry D. Moyle

were overwhelmingly anfr'-Gnostic—it just happened that those teachings Anningsinspiringand specialview of familysuccessfuloccasions.home eve-A

indeed the most important of them were the same as theirs, though of valuable aidl.00 Paper $1 course that accident. as antiGnos- written manifestlywere was no

Cloth.95 $1

tic tracts. doctrines The have seen embraced the way 260 We PUBLISHING CO. loosely OLYMPUS

in which that fact actually explains under the general title of Essene go Box 6137Salt LakeSugarCity,HouseUtahStation the presence in them of many Gnosright back, according to Schoeps, Available at L.D.S. bookstores everywhere

tic expressions. The Dositheans, often to the Rechabites, of the time of

called the first Gnostics, taught exLehi. "Again and again new groups IDAHO FALLS IJODGB

treme millennialism, resurrection of had gone out into the desert to re- 7"the Idaho attending Whenthe flesh, baptism, and scriptural alize the chassidut"—the true way of /I the stay at a "s temple, i> "*h i - Idaho Falls TRAVELODGE life of detested theirliteralism—all people, teachings the covenant by H** convenient close—ideas told that meeting us in thethe real Gnostics! Enoch literaWe are rates for excursions. Temple open all Special and—

the Gnostic "threw the whole eschature, Jubilees, and the Twelve Patriday Saturdays.—Phone or write for reservatological complex of ideas overarchs. 268 It was by the "immigration tions. 255 E Street

board,"261 yet all the writings we of dissenting Jewish groups"from Idaho Falls, Idaho have been talking about were time to time that the societies which Ph. 5232960

thoroughly eschatological; how can went back to the days of the nomadic TheFuneralMemorialPlan servicedTrust

one call them Gnostic? The Odes of Rechabites "were constantly renewed rectorsby leadingthroughoutfuneralUtahdiSolomon are "as Gnostic as the New and regenerated."268 and theCall Unitedor WriteStates

Memorial Trust, Inc.

1556 South Main 4862089

JANUARY 1965 63 The Scrolls and Christian in 228M. Black, 2llP. Batiffol, Revue Biblique, N.S. 8 It would be hard to imagine a

Origins, p. 63. 177. pp. 33f., (1911),

more typical group of dissenters than 212R. Abramowski, in Zeitschrift fur 22yAn Approach to the Book of Mormon,

127f. Wissenschaft, 35 pp. Neutestamentlichethe band that followed Lehi out into die

is 'ChristianBrownlee, in The Biblical Archae230W. pp. 4446: "It (1936),

that the is 2. it surprising note desert; and p. 50the of 1960, mythologist, September Gnosticism the Gnostic,'not but

PseudeCharles, Apocrypha and 23I R. H. speculation."ological for centuries practicesdoctrines and

II, 786. Testament, pigrapha Klijn, the Old Thomas of Acts of 213A. F. The J.

to come closely resemble those found (Leiden: Brill, 1962), p. 47. 2;!2F. M. Cross, in The Christian Century,

p. 944. (August 17, 1955), Harris, and Psalms of Solo72 2UR. Odesin the newly discovered manuscripts? op. cit, pp. 68f. 20. 1216, J. Schoeps, H. mon, pp.

(To be continued next month) 215In Vigiliae Christianae, 8 (1954), p. Epiphanius, Adv. haeres, in Patrologia

2 Graeca, 41:236, 256-7, 284, 405, etc. FOOTNOTES cit., op. p. 15. Wilson, cit., 235R. 87. M. op. p. Unnik, ": ""Van

Clementines, to the closeness their ls6On the ProphChris- Nibley, and Vigiliae in World 236H. The and Quispel, 237Peuch

Christianae, Vigiliae in QuispelG. Co.), City: Deseret (Salt Book ets 9. Lake 12 tianae, p. 8 (1954), in Hibberts Cullmann, O. p. 195;(1958), 58f. cit., 57. op. p. pp.!MVaii Unnik,

Journal 60 (1961f.), p. 121; R. Roques, 219For a general discussion, see R. M. Eusebius, Church History, I, 4, 5.

cit., 204.op. pp. 202,

op. 1S7R. Roques, cit., pp. 196, 205f.; H. Grant,York: Doubleday,The Secret 1960).Sayings of Jesus (New Patrologia238Irenaeus,Graeca,Contra7:1077.haereses, IV, 33, 8, in

Guerrier, cit., L. 226, 233; op.Koster, 7. pp. III, History, see 32, teachings, Church Eusebius, Gnostic basic the 220For

148f. Orientalia, IX,in Patrologia History, in 30 et al, Nibley, Church Het 240H. in Waszink Quispel, H. G. J.

cit., 206. p. op. 1SSR. Roques, 1011. D. H. (Haarlem: pp. Christendom (1961), Oudste

236-7. cit, 221, op. Koster, pp. 189H. cit.; says loc. Epiphanius 162-5. I, 'Eusebius, 156ff., Tjeenk, 1951),

221 223. 190Ibid., p. in Patro-. Gnostics, ".. the themselves called professed by they knowledge the

op. cit., p. 121. Cullmann, 1B21910. in Expository J. Jeremias, Times, 69 signedGnostic toteacherssubordinate... wasthea knowledgerevelation deof prophets,logia Graeca,false apostles,41:329. andTheyfalseareteachers,false

(1957), pp. 7-9. Christ to the speculations of human philoaccording to Clementine Recognitions, IV,

Basileusas Basileus ou 193R. Eisler, Iesous

21f., II, 18, (Heidelberg, 1930), 356f., sophy,"sies of H.the L.FirstMansel,and TheSecondGnosticCenturiesHere35,beginsin Patrologiahis historyGraeca,by announcing1:1330. Eusebiushis in699. of bearers what "the refuting opposite view is tention of p. 8. The (London, 1875),

Zeitschrift filr die Neu194A. Adam, in (Church Gnosis,"the called falsely Dogmengechichte, they Harnack, A. by

Beiheft Wissenschaft,testamentliche called to be I, 1, want History 1). "They ground 24, takenI, a middle by W. Vblker, 254, and

79. p. really Gnostics,"Alexnot Gnostics, Clemens but they are nach Gnostiker wahre Der

Studies, Gaster, 195M. Graeca, in Patrologia 381. 365ff, writes Epiphanius, (Berlin, 1952), pp. andras

Wilson, The I,Gospel369. of Philip, 196R. M. I, 11, haereses, 1. 41:1012. Contra 22Trenaeus,

15.p. cit., op. im Schoeps, Urchristentum H. 242Discussed by J. Das 223R. Bultmann,

oder Gnosis Christliche Die Baur, 197F. C. (Zurich, 34f. Religionen antiken der pp. Rahmen (TuReligions-Philosophie Christlichedie (Berlin, Antignostikus Neander, P. 181. p. 1949),

10. p.bingen, 1835), ChristenIntroduction. Oudste in Het 1825), Quispel, 224G. 198 15 Theologica, in Studia Munck, J. Greeks the Bible and 244C. The I, Dodd, H. 152. dom,

225 195. p. (1961), I'Institut 248. Bulletin de in p. (London, 1935), Doresse, J. D. and in Davies H. Casey, P. lfl9R. Steffes, cit., 43. P. op. p. Unnik, p. 409; J. 31, Egyptologique, 245Van246 Background Eschatological (eds.),Daube Present, (Pad- 3 in Past and Gnosticismus Morris, des J. Wesen Das

56. p. Testament, the of New H. 9. I. 3545); p. Ch. (pp. erborn, (1953), 1922),

entitles Schoedel R. 76. **lbid., p. W. Verseinen mit Jesu religionsgeschichtlichen Gesprache Schmidt, 247C. Gunkel, Zum Gnosis,"of the Rediscovery study,his "The ( Gbttingen, 204. Jiingern, p. Testaments des standnis Neuen 387401. 16 Interpretation, pp. in (1962), I, 250 Dogmengeschichte, 248A. Harnack, 36. p. 1903), Theological in of Journal Bouyer, 201M. Philip, p. ed.). Gospel of Wilson, The (1931 226R. M. 188203. N.S. 4 Studies, pp. (1953), 211. I, p. 2i9Ibid., Christianae, 250f. 9, 246, Vigiliae in 16, Judentum, Urgemeinde, Schoeps, WH. J. cit., 4. filr die Neuop. p. Wilson, Zeitschrift 250R. in M. Adam, mA.and

30. Gnosis, p. I, 152f. Beiheft p. Christendom, 24, Oudste Wissenschaft, Het 25Tn testamentliche du Critique Histoire Matter, J. So cit. op. Unnik, Van 77.

I, R. A. 45; (Paris, 1828), Gnosticisme cit., 23. p. op. Unnik, 253Van

... (Leipzig, GnosticismusLepsius, Der cit., 44f.; 35f., H. op. Schoeps, pp.

E. Buonaiuti, 22f., 25, 1896), pp. 20, in Church History, 30 (1961), pp. p. 11. On the (Rome, 1907), Gnosticismo Lo PRAYER FOR TODAY'S CHILDREN Nibley,lOf.

Church Fathers, H. Leisegang, Die Gnosis BY LOUISE HAJEK 255Schoeps, op. cit., pp. 44f.

3. p. (1924),

Baur, 204F. C. op. cit., pp. 3ff. (on MosIbid.,257Eusebius,p. 41.Church History, III, 26, 2.

is held Lord, theory Oriental by C. heim). The Tor these points, H. Nibley, in Vigiliae Remains Gnostics and their King, The letW. them know Time as a friend—Christianae.

HauptBousset, p. 3; W. (London, 1887), cf. I, haereses, 1; Contra 39, 259Irenaeus, enemy Not (Gbttingen, 1907), Gnosis der probleme 7. History, IV, Church Eusebius, back, thrust in of in Honor Essays A. Altmann, 5; p. cit, 202, op. 169, Schmidt, pp. 260C. 204,o

al. eds. et London: by wheel and by wing. (I. Epstein defeated Hertz H. J. 374. 229,

in Widengren, p. 19; G. Goldston, 1942), Lord, 336. wlIbid., p.

GeistesgeReligion und Zeitschrift fur 13. p. Solomon, Harris, Odes the of 282R. take handby let Time them 97115. schichte, pp. 4 (1952), in 4 Christianity Today, Taylor, E. R. pine, benediction the of Know (Leipzig, Reitzenstein, Poimandres 205R. cit., p. op. 42, Unnik, 3; p. Van (1960),

cit., piccolo, wren's p. H. 5; op. Leisegang, The H. 1904); in"often Gnostics "dragged the that notes

in Lexa, cit., F. 3134; op. Schoeps, pp. chipmunks, Staccato intertheir "to material of support nonGnostic

106116, 1 Religion, pp. (1933), J.Egyptian it easy henceforth be would pretation"; in sun, steeped Blackberries arto back teachings Gnostic traces even Gnostic, of being material such suspect to stitches meticulous The Egypt. chaic

its associations. suspicious of because cit., op. cited Schoeps, QueenAnns-Lace, Schubert, by 200So of

cit., 16. op. p. Wilson, 264R. M. 31. p. kittensilkiness driftwood. the of and Christianae, 10 in Vigiliae Unnik, 283Van cit., 22. p. op. Unnik, 207Van lost the in these blur of Lest be 152. p. 76f. (1956), Codex, pp. Quispel, Jung The 20SG. speed. 61. cit, 4143, op. 2,16Schoeps, pp. StuTestament in Cullmann, 209O. New

dies, 5 (1959), p. 166. Lord, Ibid., pp. 7785.

210Schoeps, op. cit., pp. 39f., 61f. let them know Time as a friend. 2a8Ibid., p. 85. Cf. 8084.

64 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE BEGINNING...

A new year, a new age level, and this issue is dedicated to all those busy\ \ at being beginners at being teenagers.

JANUARY 1965; M NON, Associate Editor

How beautiful is youth!

How bright it gleams With its illusions,

aspirations, dreams!

Book of Beginnings, Story without End, Each maid a heroine, and each man a frie

All possibilities

are in its hands, No danger daunts it, and no foe withstands;

In its sublime

audacity of faith, "Be thou removed!"

it to the mountain saith,

.And with ambitious feet,

racure and proud, Ascends the ladder leaning on the cloud!

jfellow

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA JANUARY 1 965 67 A wise man once said to a group of very young

students: "No one is going to take you by your little hand

and kiss the delight of learning into you."

Perhaps many present were too young to understand the full meaning of what was said, but most of

them got at least the kernel of the suggestion: If

you want to learn and to learn how to learn you must do something about it yourself! You must pray for

and cultivate the desire, and you must make the

effort. No one can give another the "delight of learning."He can only lead him to it or provoke him to it.

There is another choice statement that applies:

"Civilization will ultimately follow the course laid

out for it by its youth."

That is, youth, growing older, will supply the answers as to what kind of civilization we shall have and in what direction it will move. It is vitally important, then, that young people learn in their youth

the sound principles upon which society can be built and upon which alone civilization can survive.

It is vitally important that young people accept this

Christie Lower, responsibility and begin early in their lives to exerSmithfield 4th Ward,

Smithfield (Utah) Stake cise initiative in learning those principles.

I in teachingrnK

BY MARION D. HANKSthe gospel in the home

Where and how shall this occur? helping to get things going? The twe!yeyear-old and

Church, of course, is one source, as wise, dethe teen can have a mighty effect in getting this

voted, mature teachers and leaders help to guide program functioning at home simply by wanting and and inspire. School is very important, and the neighasking for it. Few parents will resist very long a

borhood and community around us can contribute serious and sincere desire in their children for a

much. But the most important place to learn and really great family night!

apply correct principles is in the home. So prepare to get moving. Start talking about it.

The Church is putting increasing special emphaWhen the home teachers bring the manual for the sis on the home as a place of learning and living the FAMILY HOME EVENING PROGRAM to your house, great truths which make organized society possible. you be the first to look through it and start planning

On January 1, 1965, new emphasis is being placed for the happy experience.

throughout the whole Church on a FAMILY HOME Consider this promise made by the First PresiEVENING PROGRAM being held in each home each dency to those families who faithfully hold their home week. Stake and ward leaders have been asked to evenings:

invite and encourage all parents to hold such a "Love at home and obedience to parents will inprogram in their homes every week. crease. Faith will be developed in the hearts of

This is where you come in! the youth of Israel, and they will gain power to comYou can't just wait for someone to somehow give bat the evil influences and temptations which beset

you the "delight of learning."You can't just wait to them."

see whether Mom and Dad are going to get into this We know that this is what you really need and new way to hold a "family night"or "home evening,"want. So take the lead at your house in asking for

which we in the Church have been taught to do for the family home evening and in starting to get the many years. "Civilization"for you starts with the "delight of learning".that comes with understanding

people you live with in your own home. How about the most important truths in the world.

JANUARY 1965 that some fear for worried ever he whether asked was Carnegie Andrew occasion On one is they that worries that "All me replied, him. He replace would he was training menyoung

won't."The Presiding Bishopric have complete faith in today's youth and their preparation

for future leadership.

The Lord has reserved choice spirits to come forth in this, the greatest of all gospel dispensations. The youth of

today are among the finest that have ever graced this earth.

They stand upon the threshold of a life filled with change and exciting new discovery.

We are delighted as we see among the youth not only great talent but the determination to keep the commandments of God. We are

confident they will measure up to God's expectations by assuming the responsibility of being good Latterday Saints.

The Presiding Bishopric John H. Vandenberg

Robert L Simpson Victor L. Brown

In the beginning. a mighty oak was once only a tiny acorn...

. a fervent testimony—only a warm glow of the heart. the greatest teacher—an inexperienced child.

Through participation in the great MIA program, YOU can become an effective leader tomorrow! Choice opportunities await you to increase your knowledge, abilities, and faith. How

thrilled we are to be associated with you in the springtime of your life. May your journey

along the pathway of MIA be filled with fun, spiritual blessings, high ideals, and happy memories.

Oh, youth of the noble birthright, we know you will Carry On!

YMMIA General Superintendency Carlos Smith, Jr.: v;;: G.....; tfl'1.% W 'ft!: W t-WWfWTWW!'..:;:.'2''::::: -.'WW-M:...,.:-.-::::!:**.. -s.-. -...:... <:::::'-:,:: Marvin J. Ashton

Carl W. Buehner

S

YWMIA General Presidency Florence S. Jacobsen

Margaret R. Jackson

Dorothy P. Holt

iiiiifc wm3

'to ve< fZ is consefare Pf*"{01 >s. Some

iBuebv.ai'- r just aplon to a esid'-*1 * m A I* J *i.-s * "fBetty

leneta F ArtoyEb &* Ik'.* %\

&.//yUAM,(iAoU

J /tov6*vuj&/2* L-Bsrg

tSM *.wM'op m habits i. f.,s.the P""oeriod of building: 'Youth but nour Not an A wtoJ* hopes and is and -cA''l: wo* appointed?i SThe * I1, ipi I -''"Utf"Ce P the neglected again,y or V A \ be'be donedone can ever 1 * blow struck on the cold "w

r better than all the ba] iat evor wert sur or fori ye are livinp po*ih!fd all thu rost ar \JKr, *

"v Chi Id rn 'W

*i* \b \* are born Few boys 'excel, tbat talents

capable all are But well. of living

I 'ffr!*- f4* 5AJip"

Don't envy the girl with poise

BY ELAINE CANNON

Practise what they're teaching about standing tall and sitting pretty, legs

parallel, and hands relaxed in your lap... about walking gracefully as though

you were being moved along an escalator (can you balance a book on your head going upstairs?)... about pulling tummy in and tucking hips under (very

grownup and very goodlooking).

Count a silent quick ten before you speak when you're nervous... as you

chew when eating... while you walk across a room filled with people...

just before you close with prayer... or have your picture taken... or meet

a new boy... or answer the phone. It's the pause that clears your mind and

quiets your heartbeat and gives you that aura of poise.

Turn those there's-nothingto-do hours into a learnsomething-new session.

Study a manners manual... bone up on good games for your next party...

thumb through a fashion magazine for clothes right for your kind of living...

stir up a treat that can be something you're famous for... make a big

bulletin board with room for quotes to inspire you—then memorize them!

Create a "Tot Tote"for tending jobs, and you'll be a favorite with parents as

well as their children.

Spend some time very soon in making a list about yourself. List your

good points... list your not so good ones too... be honest with yourself and

keep the results private... go to work and do something about correcting the

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA purpose... be one!

things you can do something about

... forget the ones you can't change

... exploit the things about you that

are great... like your eyes. If they're

blue, let your world know it by the

colors you wear. If you have a warm

smile, share it generously. If your

waist is still thick, stick with the overblouse look for a time. Get the idea?

Try listening in church to the

truths taught there. You may have

been a Sunbeam a year or so ago,

but now you're a teen... you'll want

to know more about your religion

than "Give Said the Little Stream."

Be glad you're you... your age

... your kind... your family... your

problems, too. You can handle your

own problems.... Be glad you're

you, but be the best you can.

Nancy Karren, Smithfield 4-th Ward, Smithfield (Utah) Stake

JANUARY 196S 75 Don't envy the boy

At last... the blessings of the

priesthood. Finally... opportunities

to serve, to lead, to grow in the gospel. Now... mingling with the bigger

boys and the fine older men. Returned missionaries regard you with

new interest, and you're caught up

in the wonderful brotherhood. Turning twelve marks the beginning of

priesthood service for an LDS boy,

but sobering as this time is, it is

meaningless if he doesn't rise to the

occasion. If you're that boy, busy

yourself with every opportunity to

prepare yourself for leadership all along the way in life—beginning now!

Decide to be better than ever.

Be nicer to your relatives and more 4 polite to Mom. Watch your language

and your manners. Take a new look

at the word gentleman. You'll never

seem so masculine to a girl as when

you're extending her every courtesy.

Clint Webb, Smithfield Ath Ward, Smithfield (Utah) Stake

76 ERA leadership skills... be one!

Pray earnestly that you may understand the favor of being a deacon, that you may honor this ordination and help your Heavenly Father. Do you realize

how few there are like you in all the world?

Seek knowledge by upgrading your reading. Trade comic books for a bit of

scripture each day. Begin getting acquainted with some of the strongest, most

courageous, most manly boys and men in all history by learning about them in the Book of Mormon and the Bible (accounts that were just stories when you

were kids really mean something to you personally when you get to be twelve

and move on into the teens).

Read the book More Precious than Rubies, written especially for you

by President S. Dilworth Young, who knows what boys like. Look through the

Era and the Instructor and read the parts that interest you.

Groom carefully to pass the Lord's Supper. Sacrament trays should be

handled by boys having the proverbial clean hands (that means knuckles and

nails, too) and pure hearts. Watch those missionaries for tips on Sundaybest

dressing. Follow the promptings of the Holy Spirit in your every action. You'll

find the strength you need to live true to your calling—no matter who teases

or taunts. Accept responsibility; Offer to help. Do what you're asked, willingly,

thoroughly. Ask what you can do for your Heavenly Father, your bishop, your

folks, and your friends.

Be there. Listen. Learn. Feel. Watch and pray always. Turning twelve is the

beginning of manhood, of service to God and mankind. Don't just envy the

boy with the leadership skills; be one!

JANUARY 1965 77 Did you know that...

effective immediately

No"parfum Francais,"not the costliest toilet water, nor the most subtle sachet with which milady may seek to make

herself more appealing can possibly

compete with the captivating power held by the aroma of bread baking in the oven when a hungry man enters the door of a home. Be he a very little boy, or a boy

growntall, or a manof-thehouse, he is

helpless to resist its beckoning call.

it was oneGrandmother knew this—

of her "secret weapons,"and she often chose moments when her man was under

its irresistible spell to broach a touchy

subject.

Making bread is an art Charlotte Parkinson demonstrates to her grandfather, President S. Dilworth Young. They then

share the homey pleasures of breadmaking with warmfrom- theoven tasting.

78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA How clever can one be! Why not borrow from her "bag

of tricks."Be different next time you have the "gang"in

try serving pecan rolls or perhaps apple strudel, hot right out of the oven. How impressed that special someone

would be to see you making the lastminute preparations

for one of these, and setting them to rise (while you

spin records and dance with your guests), and then to

smell their tantalizing aroma as they bake!

No second call will be needed, and their luscious goodness, along with a cold glass of milk, will cause his

thoughts to return to you again and again for a long time

to come.

BREAD

(2 loaves)

1 yeast cake 2 tbs. corn oil

Y2 cup canned milk 1 cup whole wheat flour 2 tbs. sugar 5 cups white flour

2 tsp. salt

Dissolve yeast in % cup warm water.

Dilute canned milk with % cup very hot water.

Add to salt, sugar, and oil. Then add 1 more cup

very hot water. Stir until dissolved.

Test the heat of the water. If it is lukewarm, add

the yeast and stir.

Stir into this mixture the cup of whole wheat flour and 2 cups white flour. When thoroughly stirred,

add 3 cups white flour, and stir as long as possible.

Finish by kneading with hands until wellkneaded.

Dough should be just slightly sticky.

Punch down in mixing pan as far as possible. Let

rise until double. Punch down again. Let rise until

double again.

Handling as little as possible, put into two greased baking pans, punching it down after it is in the pan.

When risen to slightly more than double in the pan, bake for 50 minutes in a 350 oven.

JANUARY 196S 79 The Last Word

Youth is not like a new garment which we can keep fresh and fair by wearing sparingly.

Youth, while we have it, we must wear daily;

and it will fast wear away.—John Foster

Take the wisest man in the world and give him credit for what he does know, charge his account with what he does not know, and you will make him a hopeless insolvent.

Tom: That must be one of A mother, as she placed a serving dish of spinach

my teachers driving on the table, exclaimed: "That new pressure cooker

that car ahead of us. is a marvel. It only took two minutes to cook the

Bud: How can you tell? spinach!""So what?"exclaimed her youngster.

Tom: He won't let me pass. "You just have to eat it that much sooner.

Those who lean upon their dignity Counting time is not so important as

Walker are often in need of a better support. making time count.—James J.

A moneylender serves you in the present tense; Difficulties are always mounlends you in the conditional mood; keeps you tains till we meet them, and mole"

in the subjunctive; and ruins you in the future. hills when we have passed them.

After pulling and tugging for several minutes the first grade teacher finally succeeded in getting the six year old's galoshes on. She remarked, "They're awfully hard to get on.""Yes,"replied the child,

"that's because they aren't mine."Patiently the teacher pulled

them off again and was about to set them down when the child said in a resigned voice, "They're my brother's, but I have to wear them."

Sudden resolutions, like the sudden rise of the Come, ye cold winds, at January's call, mercury in the barometer, indicate little else On whistling wings, and with white than the changeableness of the weather.—Hare flakes bestrew The earth.—Ruskin

*&\ i%v- mmismmmsxM

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Second Class Postage Paid at Salt Lake City, Utah

Will you be ready when he is?

131 Investigate this U\ The Beneficial Life Mission Motivator

Plan makes your savings systematic and Latterday SaintMSfamilies have been sure. It gives you these advantages:

advised repeatedly to build a missionary

Reminds you to save regularly.

fund for their children. Yet, despite

Guarantees that the money will be good intentions—many of us save the available when the call comes—if the

"pufntake"method—we put some plan is fulfilled.

in; take some out, and end up Has paidup options in case the plan

about where we started. can't be continued.

Provides flexibility to suit your income

Call your Beneficial Life man and needs.

If Dad should not live to complete the about this plan—soon, plan we pay premium automatically.

or mail the coupon below. Pays Mission funds either in monthly

allotment checks or as a lump sum.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

Beneficial Life Building—Salt Lake City, Utah

Yes, I'd like to know more about your new "Mission Motivator"Plan. BENEFICIAL LIFE

fnkitanee NAME Virgil H. Smith, Pres. Salt Lake City, Utah

Street or RFD Now over 600 Million dollars of Life Insurance in force.

CITY STATE ZIP CODE