If you're out for a

RIGHT NOW big deals are in the making... at your Ford...your Ford dealer Dealer's! He's giving mighty attractive allowances for

used cars in trade on the BIG VALUE car of today... the

biggest, is the Dealeris the man to see today history.1941 Ford.So Thissee your Ford most—getbeautifulhis allowanceFord in allon Fordyour

present car—and you'll say it's a deal!

* * BET THE FACTS AM YOUIL GET A TORE

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA

ocH<yLTy as (//VSURPASSEV a quick Ptikf By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.GRAHAMS TTSThen can we control the weather?

and a glass of pure Sir Napier Shaw illustrates a fresh milk... typical"low"ofatmosphericthe kind whichdepression,is involvedor

The tantalizing taste of wholesome regularlythat its formationin weatherrequireschanges,the andremovalsays

Honey Bee Grahams and the bodyelsewhere of one hundred and ninety building richness of pure fresh milk billion tons of air, the sun being the ultimate source of the necessary energy.

this, Professor... what a quick, simple snack and Commenting on David

how thoroughly satisfying! It's the Brunt in Nature says this gives an anto the question controlling swer the of

rare flavor of Chaparral... a flower weather with to are able we "When

that grows high in the Wasatch stop a mass of one hundred and ninety mountains... that imparts the billion tons from going on its way."

delightful taste to PURITY Honey 'T'he production of indole, an imporBee Grahams. Try a package! tant constituent of perfumes, previously imported from central Europe,

has been begun in the United States.

PURITY BISCUIT CO., Salt Lake City, Utah Indole occurs in most natural floral

odors. It gives jasmine its characterGentlemen: Please send free copy of istic odor, and it is an important eleIce Box Dessert recipes. ment in lilac fragrance. In high concentrations, the odor of indole is ofName fensive, but in great dilution it becomes

pleasant. Practically all perfumes

Address fancied by humans contain jasmine.

Ts Iceland really icy? In winter time

Iceland is not so cold as New York, the climate approaching that of Milan,

Italy, due to the Gulf Stream, which warms the air. Iceland is not "cold"

to civilization either. It has more books

Ok, jyojuA. (/jaccrfiofL andothernewspaperscountry in perthe capitaworld. thanIt alsoany

leads the world in per capita electrical appliances.

4 GREYHOUND Phosphorescence of the sea in northern latitudes is caused mainly by

This year enjoy the best vacation millions of microscopic marine animals you ever had! Go to California just large enough to be seen with the

by Greyhound. More service... eye as tiny separate dots. These are

protozoa which emit light only when frequent, convenient departures to oxygen is dissolved in the water, as by more vacation areas... by Greystirring or by the breaking of the waves,

hound. Ask your agent for vacaand hence may be seen in the waves

propeller caused of a by the prow or is tion folders. ship. seawater phosphoresWhen

LOW FARES guishable,cent withoutit istheaccountedsparks beingfor bydistinthe

Salt Lake City presence of bacteria. mote from

One Rd. + To: Way Trip P\eep welllike holes in glacial ice

TAHOE CITY $10.35 $18.65 going to as much as ninety feet beSAN FRANCISO 12.50 22.50 low the surface can be caused by black

MONTEREY 14.35 25.85 bodies on the ice surface. Dr. Fritz

EUREKA.........16.20 29.20 Tollner has found that sixty per cent

of the sun's radiation can penetrate to a depth of ninety feet in the ice, when dark minerals are on the surface. Skylight, as well as direct sunlight, can

move -fmelt ice under—black bodies.

77 West South Temple "D lood transfusions can now be given *r through the bones as well as through Phone 4-3646 GREYHOUND the veins. Substances which are in-

(Concluded on page 324) (Do cljoiJL JCnowWhether or not Iceland is really/Mmprouementfra icy.'321

'The Glory of God is Intelligence'

What game was played as a sacred ceremony among the Aztecs and Grant, J. Heber Mayans? 326 1941JUNE, Widtsoe, John A. 44VOLUME NUMBER 6 to control noxious weeds? 327 Editors How

Richard L. Evans, The reason for sorrow in some

VTHE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"Managing Editor Latterday Saint homes? 329

C. Marba Josephson,

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, spirit Associate Editor the life of motivated What MUTUAL ASSOCIATIONS, IMPROVEMENT DEPARTMorris, George Q. General Mgr. OF EDUCATION, the late MENT 330 S. Wells? MUSIC COMMITTEE, Rulon WARD

G. Cannon,.Associate Lucy Mgr. TEACHERS.AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH

Orton, Business J. K. Mgr. OF JESUS CHRIST OF SAINTS. LATTERDAY late Wells accomthe John What

plished as a member of the Presiding Bishopric? 332

JoblsL d Conismidu How Brigham Young may be rated as a public speaker? 333

JlfUL dtt&lL (pCUfSL Who the citation winners are in the

A Promise of Possibilities... Heber J. Grant 329 194041 Era campaign? 334

What White Neighbor had in his possession that Tisagago wanted so much to see? 338

Rulon S. Wells Richard L. Evans 330 Where in Central America a pyraThe Passing of John Wells Richard L. Evans 332 mid has been reconstructed riThe Achievements of Another "Era Year"John D. Giles 334 valing the great pyramid of GiThe Writing of the Book of Mormon...Francis W. Kirkham 341 zeh in size? 340

Evidences and Reconciliations—XXXVIII. Why Marry in Of what significance is proof of the

the Temple? John A. Widtsoe 353 time involved in the actual writThe Control of Noxious No LiquorTobacco 358 ing of the Book of Mormon?... 341

Stott C. Orval Weeds,.327 Priesthood: wouldbe writers may learn What It to Means Be a MorWhat Melchizedek.358 practice? 345 by "shear"

Moeller....340 Boy, Fred mon N. Aaronic 361

San Juan Stake 125th Quorum Ward Teaching 363 What the Church is doing to keep

Seventy Reports, Wm. E. Genealogy 364 in touch with members drafted

Palmer 344 Music 365 into military service? 349

Brigham Young Said, Compiled Mutual Messages:

by Heber Q. Hale..344 Executives 366 What the M. I. A. reading course

Misconception Concerning Mor- M MenGleaners 366 books will be for 194142? 351

mon Belief, H. Alvah FitzExplorers 367

gerald 346 BeeHive Girls..367 Several good reasons for marrying

Church Moves On 348 Field Photo 368 in the temple? 353

How to improve the family diet

SpQcioL J'&jcduteA. with wild greens? 354

Brigham Young as a Public Speaker....Chester James Myers 333 An unusual plan of rehearsal

Manna for Amateur Writers Jack Sears 345 adopted by one choir? 365

In Old Mexico Florence Pierce 346 About the departmental plans for

Exploring the Universe, FrankHoming: June conference? 366

lin S. Harris, Jr 321 Wild Greens Improve the

Family Diet, Dorothy Telefacts 324 354 Herbst EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL

Life in Ancient America, OFFICES: Hints 355 Handy

Charles E. Dibble 326 Cooks'Corner, Barbara B. 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.

..356 Burnett Looking Back at Ancient Amerto Advertisers Index ica, William and Dewey 378 Copyrightporation of1941.the Youngby MutualMen'sFunds,MutualInc.,Improve-a CorFarnsworth 340 Brigham Young Film Highment Association of the Church of }esus Christ

reserved. Subrights Saints....'.....378 Latterday All of light On the Book Rack 351

in 20c advance; price, a year, scription $2.00 Page and Ours Your.384 single copy.

fcdit&uolA, Utah,Enteredas secondclassat the Post matter.Office, SaltAcceptanceLake City,for

1103, for in section Act of October, 1917, 1918. Rulon & Wells..John A. Widtsoe 352 mailingauthorizedat special rate of postage provided July 2,

John Wells John A. Widtsoe 352 The Improvement Era is not responsible

conmanuscripts, but welcomes for unsolicited A Long Look at Life Richard L. Evans 352 tributions. accompanied be All manuscripts must

by sufficient postage for delivery and return.

ShfiisUL., (pDsd/uf, Q/wAdJv&uL (pu$%IsL NATIONAL ADVERTISING

Death Hollow Trail—Short, Short Story REPRESENTATIVES

337 and Anna Prince John King Redd

Tisagago... Bernice Pond Fagg 338 FrancisEdward M.S. Townsend,Mayo. Salt SanLakeFranciscoCity

Frontispiece: Soaring Seagull, Poetry Page 347

Margaret R. Swapp 328 Scriptural Crossword Puzzle....382 MEMBER OF THE AUDIT BUREAU OF

CIRCULATIONS JhsL Qovstiv

1 J. A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY *I 'hisJacobsen,month'sandcoverJeanois Orlando.the combinedIt isworka symbolof Davidof theW.idealEvans,of everyCharlesyoung

Latterday Saint couple—temple marriage. (See also pages 329 and 353.) MEMBER OF THE FAMILY

/fere's whata t/SJ h**4 to Af&tf ctSett the

a,'*a<t?t S *h** itl

'#7* J S c*<"

REGISTERED U.S. PAT. OFF.POWERHORSE

Alton Miller, of Hyrum, Utah, with 40 acres of irrigated land and 130 acres of dry farm, purchased his PowerHorse in August, 1940.

Since then he has not only used it successfully for all of his own farm operations, but has earned more than half of its cost by doing custom work for his neighbors. The accompanying illustrations show how successfully he applies the amazing tractive capacity of the PowerHorse

to his dryfarm operations, but he has found it even more useful and adaptable for rowcrop work on his irrigated land. When pulling beets

last fall, for example, it took seventeen toppers to keep up with him.

You Can Use All Of Your Present "Horse- *

Miller's Power Horse Drawn"Implements With An Eimco PowerHorse pullingIllustrationtwo 14inchabove showsplows Altonand cutting furrows up to No complications—no delay—no extra farm implement. At the gentle tug of 8 inches deep. He averages an acre per hour with a

is expense. or The lines "driven"PowerHorse one both the starts, PowerHorse gallon gasoline. Illustration of below the shows fourwith lines stops, position reverses, from two the turns in any either direction, section 8"springtooth 8"harrow, with log drag x

prefers.operator its or pivots can seated be on He wheelbase. on own Takes pulls easily which he with his TSo PowerHorse. other

itself, the it, machine walking beside jiffy to only a from change tractor imone farm comparable weight of can anywhere near come or seated on attached vehicle any or to plement another. equaling either two performances. of these

Positive Drive To All Four Wheels Gives Amazing Tractive Power And Ability To Operate On Rough Ground

The pulling power of the PowerHorse kind. The PowerHorse is the only

is always astounding to anyone using wheeled tractor that can be operated efit for the first time because the front ficiently and safely on rough or slipwheels—insteadaretheynotpull,merelyclimbpushedand virtuallyahead peryspeedsgroundgive andamplesteeppowerside forhills.anyFourjob

LIFT the machine over obstacles of any with minimum fuel consumption.

Your Money Back If Not Satisfied

At any time within two weeks after you receive an Eimco PowerHorse you can return it—if not entirely satisfied—and the entire purchase price will be refunded without any question or argument. YOU

will be the only judge as to whether it meets your requirements satisfactorily and your only expense, if you decide not to keep it, will be the transportation both ways.

Our illustrated booklet gives complete information regarding the many distinctive advantages of THE EIMCO CORPORATION the PowerHorse and tells why it means more money Box 300, Salt Lake City, Utah and easier living for every rowcrop farmer. Write Please send me the PowerHorse Booklet with

for it today or use the convenient coupon. the understanding that no charge or obligation

of any kind will be incurred.

I\AME THE EIMCO CORPORATION OCCUPATION 634666 South 4th West Salt Lake City, Utah

Affiliated with AMERICAN FOUNDRY AND MACHINE COMPANY and ADDRESS

STRUCTURAL STEEL AND FORGE COMPANY

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

T L E F A C T 1400 CRUDE OIL PRODUCTIONV 194D'v 1 1350 MILLION BARRELS 1200 *P

1000 |>

yt 8oo Brings You MILLION BARRELS 600 Sj The Biggest fc

Parade of All400

Star Attractions

in Its

History! u s. 'lip REST OF WORLD R|W 1

SCIENCE SERVICEPETROLEUM INSTITUTE CHART 5-29

Dancing Nightly (Ex. Sun.) 'T'he concept of the planets moving

to Such Famous Bands As Exploring the Universe "around the sun was known in Greek ( Concluded from page 32 1 ) times.tarchus According(about 310to toArchimedes,230 B. C.)Arisput * GLENN MILLER

fixed that "the hypothesis the the earth sun *KAY KYSER bloodjected streaminto theapparentlybone marrowunchangedenter andthe starsforwardand remain unmoved;

*PHIL HARRIS almost as fast as when injected into revolves round the sun on the circumof ference the sun lying at the a circle, orbit."of *JAN SAVITT theful whenveins. theThisveinsmethodcannotwouldbe used,be usein center the

burns, shock, widespread such as cases GRIER * JIMMY mutilation, or with babies, leads the margin a good Utah whose veins +Oy Others And Many developed. are usually poorly in States of ** United the number

Bathing - Dining - Thrill Rides 4 persons listed in "American Men of thoufor Science"hundred each one in 1 890, accordpopulation white Fun for Everyone! HThere* patientsare oversufferingthirtyonefrom thousandalcoholic sand

mental disease or alcoholism in mental ing to an article in a recent issue of

Welcome to hospitals throughout the United States. Science. Though "in general the states

+ that produce (men of science) do not

M. I. A. DAY T iving microorganisms, bacteria, and retain them, Massachusetts, Ohio, and seventeen species of algae have Utah are notable exceptions."

June 6th! been found in the Dead Sea in Pal- 4

estine. "pLYiNG fish, like airplanes, prefer to

take off into the wind rather than

A bout one sixhundredth of a second with it. ** elapses from the moment a shotgun +——

hammer is released by trigger pull until T)ale blue light is the best color to lure the firing pin detonates the percussion * to their death the grape leafhop- cap in the shell.TEIEFACTpers, a pest in vineyards. WAR AND PUBLIC OPINION

BOUGHT: Highest cash prices paid for books in lots of 1 or 1,000. Particularly B interested in Western historical

items and L. S. S. books, pamphlets, etc.

SOLD: Over 20,000 volumes in stock. New

and used. At real bargain prices.

Mail inquiries invited. References

K furnished.

WILSON'S S 113 EastBOOK2nd So.EXCHANGESalt Lake City

SCIENCE SERVICE -NEW REPUBLIC CHART 9-2

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

For your home preparedness program we suggest:

this year, more than ever

before, preserve Nature's

bounty... fruits.

IIvl HomeProduced SUGAR Unsurpassed for Canning, Preserving, Jellies,

Jams and Every Cooking or Sweetening Purpose

For the "duration"food will become increasingly important and every housewife can do her part in a homepreparedness program by stocking her shelves with this year's berry and fruit crop. Fruits and berries preserved with

HomeProduced Sugar are always a tastetreat that can't be beat. With

HomeProduced Sugar so reasonable in price, putting up fruit saves on the food bill next winter, tool Make 1941 your banner canning year. Use sugar

grown and made in your own state!

OjnxJjunL dmoAkcL dvUtaJbh,—d&ZDhcdivsL—wa&haJbliL By Charles E. Dibble

PI MONGa festivethe Aztecsceremonyand theof Mayansunusual f

J J significance was the sacred ball game (tlachtli). A game of special COVERIN religious meaning and associated with

the mythical activities of the gods, the ball court was placed near the temple, and large cities boasted many of these courts.

In dimensions the court was some two hundred feet long by about thirty feet wide. High above the head a stone

ring two feet in diameter was placed vertically on each side wall. The game

was played with a rubber ball, the object being for the player to bounce the ball through one ring while his opponent attempted to drive it through the opposite ring. The ball could not

be touched with the hands, only with hips, knees, stomach, and buttocks.

Studying Central American codices, figurines, and inscriptions, J. Eric

demonstrated has recently Thompson

SANITAS... for many years... has symbolized special prothat the players wore a

tough wearability. And now it is equally a wall tective covering over the hips and a

covering for home beauty. Available in a wide brace or glove over the arm and hand.

array of designs and colors, it can be as charming Thisenablenewlyarcheologyacquiredstudentsinformationto tracewill in the living room as it is serviceable in the kitchthe extension of the game by noting inen. There's nothing like SANITAS for hiding plasdumentary features as well as by

ter cracks. It is stainproof and ever so easy to searching for the ruins of the ball court.

clean. You wash it quickly and easily with water

and soap. Can be redecorated with paint...

beautifully!

Get all the amazing facts about SANITAS from your

LOCAL WALLPAPER DEALER.

Sold by LEADING PAINT AND WALLPAPER STORES

EVERYWHERE m

USE

HOOFING COSTS ORQRO ARE LESS It's the PERFECT UTAH

WHEN YOU USE FERTILIZER for A PLAN SHOWING BALL OF THE COURT THE OLD AMERICAN UTAH SHRUBS—FLOWERS RINGS LOCATION OF STONE THE

PRODUCTS and Lawns (Made in Utah) Call 7-1543 An inexpensive and intensely interRoll Roof Roofing, entitled Shingles. esting publication appears A

Felts, Asphalt Proofing, Water (Tonalthe Aztecs Wasatch Chemical Co. Sacred Almanac of Curing. Joint, Concrete sion

is it So. 2225 5th Brick Siding East Street Asphalt the amatl of Borbonicus Codex

Salt Lake Utah Vaillant, edited on Committee); G. C. by

in Ogden—ProvoCity, Publications, American Popular MuROOF CORP.S Branches ASPHALTJ AMERICAN

PHONE 5-5339 S seumreproducesof Naturala preConquestHistory. Thecodicebook

LOS ANGELES which served as the religious calendar

Hotel Lankerthim (Tonalamatl) of the Aztecs. This

I 7TH BROADWAY for divinatory purcalendar used was to sons your the "Era"Send S2.M $3.00

tell of to IJ.M poses days and which were Barg*!nlna—"No close keep them Worry"No away—and evil. brief or but complete good A LOS ANGELES

Frjnk Wiihon, Oportfor to home. editor the the explains commentary by

significance of each plate.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

TboxiojuA. OJ&sudA.

By C. Orval Stott

Executive Secretary, Church Agricultural Advisory Committee HThere seems to be an unanimous opinion by those who are best informed that noxious weeds are possibly the greatest single mortgage on some of our farms. There are very few

farm properties that escape this mortgage entirely. Fortunate indeed are

those who do escape comparatively.

Farmers generally should come to recognize the fact that they should tackle this problem of noxious weed control with a determination to stamp weeds out in the most economical way. There

is no escape from facing this issue squarely. Just as sure as the farmer

sidesteps the issue, the weeds take the initiative and run him off his land by degrees.

It has been estimated by the United

States Chamber of Commerce that the annual loss from weeds alone in the

United States is $3,000,000,000. No

estimate has been made for the loss in

Utah, but proportionately it would be higher because of our small irrigated farms, with weeds scattered under the irrigation ditch.

The greatest problem in Utah comes from whitetop, wild morning glory,Canada thistle, Russian knapweed, new Conoco N motor oil lasted for more than twice the mileage and perennial sowthistle.

Many varied experiments have been averaged by 5 other bigname oils in the fiendish Death Valley made by experiment stations, by state and county governments, by individual Death -Test... Impartial... Certified. Tells you

farmers as to the best methods of contotrol. There seems be no patent CONOCO how you may save dollars and quarts to

for getting ridremedy of weeds. The

itself, itscharacter of the habits weed the N'A degree, by changing now to Conoco of it the of growth, kind which soil on is soil, growing, the value of the the N'A at Your Mileage Merchant's Conocoextent of infestation the cost of and eradication the by advarious methods all factors.vocated are important In ICERMuffiuj.wrofi.PROCESSED! station. Ask him for this exciting Picture

planning a program of eradication Motor ohfarmers would do well to consult their Book. Continental Oil Company—Pioneers

county agricultural agent or the crop pest supervisor working under the state vufr <w> in Bettering America's oil with Synthetics

Department of Agriculture. These men

are in possession of the latest information on methods of control.

There are at least four methods of tackling this problem. First, avoid

sowing weed seeds in seeding for crops.

This can be put first because it is under the control of every farmer. It has %**#) THE WEST'S MOST

been said are that more weeds being FAMOUS BRAND are being taken thansown by farmers out by control methods. This is a For 90 years, LEVFS "Two Horse"

serious indictment. Farmers must brand has meant extra comfort and

come to realize that the best seed is wear.Watch for this mark of genuine

the cheapest seed in the long run.

Therefore, be sure that no weed seeds,especially noxious weed seeds, are LEVI'Scontained in the seeds that are sown WAIST OVERALLS for cropping purposes. with CONCEALED COPPER RIVETS on back pockets

The second method of control, and LEVI STRAUSS BC CO., San Francisco

(Concluded on page 376) Boohing S&aqulL

By MARGARET ROBISON SWAPP

saw you wing across the sky, A flash of silver gray, and black;

You wheeled and circled with shrill cries

And I called gaily back.

e 8. *fc Your sharp eyes saw the fields below,

And every tiny speck that moved.

You glided slowly to the earth,

And followed in the plowshare's groove.

f ong years ago, your folk and mine

Were gathered on the sagecleared sod;

Mine lifted up their eyes to pray,

And yours were sent from God.

CL (pJwjmidJL 0$, (poA&ibUitJQA

Concerning Temple Marriage and

Other Privileges and Obligations

By PRESIDENT HEBER J. GRANT

believe that many of the troubles of those, the knowledge that God Himself has spoken them,

Latterday Saints who have sorrow in their and this is one of the very foundation principles of

Church. difficulties their families come the with andI homes

Speaking of those who are faithful to their coveout the carrying commandments in neglectfrom of God, one of the most important of which connants and who in marriage and in other requirecerns temple marriage. Much sorrow is chargeable ments of the Gospel, live such lives as to realize

to indifference to this and other requirements. their greatest possibilities, the Latterday Saints

One of the serious evils of our day is divorce, the have this revelation from God, through His servbreaking up of families, the infidelity of husband ants, Joseph Smith and Sidney Rigdon:

the divorces wife. among are fewer Thereand and and heard, saw we again we bear And record—for other people; and than Saints them amongLatterday concerning Christ the gospel of of testimony is the this

in our own communities the divorce rate is lower who shall come forth in the resurrection of the just and of Jesus, the testimony received they are who They of have been our Church members whoamong of the after manner baptized were his and name on with believed temple, in the as compared marriedproperly this and his name, of the water in buried being burial, his those married by civil ceremony, showing that the according to the commandment which he has given teachings of the Gospel of Jesus Christ, when obThat by keeping the commandments, they might be washed

Spirit the Holy receive sins, all their and from cleansed sacred, and covenant to marriage theserved, tend make is and ordained of him the of hands who laying the on by is lessened. greatly evil divorce the ofand

this power; sealed unto

their religion are living Saints Latterday who the sealed Holy are faith, by and by overcome who And go to one of our temples and are married for time Spirit of promise, which the Father sheds forth upon all and for all eternity; but members of the Church those who are just and true.

the Firstborn. of church the are they are who They the of standards the living not are up towho Father has given all the into hands they whose are They into secure a to go recommend cannot andChurch things

a temple to be properly married, are married by They are they who are priests and kings, who have rethe law of the land, or by the bishop of their ceived of his fulness, and of his glory;

of the order after priests High, of the are Most And are but not sealed as husband and wife, theyward, which after the of Enoch, order which Melchizedek, was all eternity. forfor time and Son. Begotten of the order the after Only was

Another of the great evils of the age is race Wherefore, as it is written, they are gods, even the sons suicide. This also is not consistent with the Gospel of God

life death, theirs, or all or things whether are Wherefore, for the Christ. opportunity Providingof Jesus

theirs they all are and to present, things or come, spirit children Father in of our heaven to come is Christ God's. Christ's, to arethings and

earth and work out their own salvation is one of And they shall overcome all things.

our sacred privileges and obligations. We teach Wherefore, let no man glory in man, but rather let him

that among the choicest of eternal riches are chilglory in God, who shall subdue all enemies under his feet.

dren. foreverTheseandshallever.dwell in the presence of God and his Christ

No man or woman in all the Church of Jesus These are they whom he shall bring with him, when he

Christ of Latterday Saints, worthy of a recomshall come in the clouds of heaven to reign on the earth over his people. temple, married, to the has been and properlymend

first resurrection. shall the in part are they have These who eternity. exceptmarried for time and for all And resurrection in shall forth the are they These come who

there is no doubt in the mind of any true Latterday the just—Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 76:5065. of

Saint, man or woman, as to the fact of individual existence beyond the grave, as to the fact that we No wonder that the Latterday Saints, with a shall know each other, and as to the endless duraknowledge of God and of Jesus Christ and of the tion of the covenant of marriage that has been perdivinity of the work in which we are engaged, can formed in the house of the Lord for time and face life with fortitude and death with a calmness eternity. Of these things we have assurance in and serenity that people (Concluded on page 383)

ULON S.WELLS

(4 \X/e know that we have passed from death unto life, because we love the brethren."i john 3:14.

By RICHARD L. EVANS

of the First Council of the Seventy

tive in all the affairs of the Council Perhaps more than anything else of which he was Senior President his soundness of doctrine was emuntil the very day he was taken to phasized by all of the speakers at his the hospital. Only the day before funeral services in the Assembly Hall

his going to the hospital he had on May 9—President Rufus K.

vigorously participated in the disHardy, President Rudger Clawson, cussions of the regular Thursday President David O. McKay, and a

Temple meeting of the First Council statement by President Grant read of the Seventy and had there, perby President J. Reuben Clark, Jr.,

haps more forcefully than usual, all touching upon his clear underPRESIDENT RULON S. WELLS given instructions and expressed standing of the fundamentals of the

himself concerning the meaning of Gospel. In this connection, Presithe calling of the Seventy. dent Grant wrote:

from have death passed know that we We of spirit, keenness of If buoyancy ever I cannot hearing him remember life, the brethren. love because unto we mind, of and freshness outlook are in public the speak not that he did feed me

to> be given their full weight, Rulon bread of life. I do not remember his making

I did that please a speech not me. have never to old grew be an

listening of recollection to preach no him It is lived true that he nearly that Thesespiritandfromotherthepassagesthird chapterin like man.S. Wells fundahe said not anything when was

of 1st John, President Rulon eightyseven years, but what is mentally sound. His preaching of the Gos-

I to eightyseven years interest one of has great to always me. who pel was President S. Wells and David O. that of greatest he the was one life a of understanding deep a consider and in the other quoted to each McKay in doctrinal the he preachers Church, and eternity! vision of broad him and To hospital a before Broththe few nights of so one most beloved was men, and

to those eightyhim knew who offihis father, of of the leading was any er passing. Wells'his flowing With

his years that seven legs only cials meant of that the Church known. I have hair against white of the whiteness

great students. both They were didn't quite carry so fast nor him his pillows, firmly Brother Wells

so his that did, surely they as once the held of those hands were who Priesthood subjects and other On didn't mortal quite eyes see so to said: "I there bless him, love and reads. he as a spoke good book clearly, his didn't ears hear

I let brethren. to go."hate you my talk small no There no and was quite else so nothing thatsharply—but spirit that the That motivated was

thinking slowed down. was He the life of S. Senior Wells, Rulon

was humor No worthy lost ARULONBOYHOODS. WELLSPICTUREANDOF First President of of ahead. the Council

Seventy, who passed from the preson him. He had a ready selection JUNIUS WELLS.

ence of those brethren he loved, a of pertinent stories of his own. The

still issues the of clearly were day minutes past midnight on few Wedfire in his outlined the mind, of and 7. joyfully nesday, awaitThat May

felt quickly his defenses was and ing in the of him Faour kingdom ther were hosts of those who had heard when any man misstated or principle misinterpreted of the any loved, gone before and he also whom in fact his of truth Gospel or any is a certainty that as as well he knew he knew any of the facts of this life. presence.

He was admitted to the hospital The broad lines of the Gospel with an intestinal obstruction "for marked the boundaries of his life, observation"the evening of April and its principles were etched upon 25, and first reports indicated that his mind. He was a deep and careful

his illness was "not serious."He student of Priesthood. Its meaning,

did not improve, however, and an the relationships of its offices operation performed a few hours beand callings, was a consideration fore his death did not produce the close to his heart. On this subject

hopedfor results. he spoke often, in public and in priDeath came quietly to this bevate, with a depth of understanding

loved servant of God as he was and with a breadth of knowledge, nearing completion of his eightyand the scripture supporting his seventh year. He was, prior to his views, verbatim, chapter and verse,

death, the oldest of the General Auwas at his command, from memory, thorities of the Church, and was acfor use on all occasions of need.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

makeshift word. The language at

his command was adequate to the subject being considered, and it flowed with cultured measure and clear meaning.

When an issue arose, Rulon S.

Wells never asked who opposed it, or who favored it. He asked only

concerning its merits, concerning its

Tightness, and then threw the force of his personality, the weight of his thought,'and the flow of his words for or against it, regardless of the number of his opponents, or the possibility of personal losses.

Kindliness and consideration of others were dominant elements of his nature—as of all true gentlemen.

But his disposition toward kindliness did not deter him from "rebetimes."proving sharply The man

RULON in sincerity error felt the has often BEATTIES. WELLSWELLS ATAND ABOUTJOSEPHINETHE

of his indignation and the sharpness 1 898, succeeding President Anthon TIME OF THEIR MARRIAGE.

of his correction—but it was always H. Lund in that capacity, under call

a sharpness tempered by such unand appointment from the Presiage. He attended the various comfeigned love that there was a benedency and Quorum of the Twelve. mon schools of his boyhood, and

diction attendant even with reproof, In 1926 by like appointment he acfinally the Deseret University, then and a scolding from him was an upcompanied Elder Melvin J. Ballard under the direction of Elder David

lifting experience, so just was his of the Council of the Twelve, and O. Calder as a commercial college.

nature, so complete was his forgiveElder Rey L. Pratt of the First He was a student at that institution

ness, and so unbegrudging was his Council of the Seventy to South when Dr. John R. Park came and

love. America to open up that field for inaugurated the change by which

missionary labor. He also< served the Commercial College was trans-

'\TUrHiLE his long life saw much as a member of the General Board formed into'a collegiate institution.

variety of activity in business, of the Y. M. M. I. A. from January, He took such scientific and classical

in affairs of state and public inter1900, to March, 1929. courses as the time offered.

est, and in richness of family experiBrother Wells was born July 7, At the age of fourteen he was ence, essentially his career was char1854, in Salt Lake City, Utah, inside ordained an Elder. In his sevenacterized by the calling of missionthe stonewall where the Hotel Utah teenth year he left school to take

ary service, having first served as a now stands, the son of President up his first employment with a party young man in the Swiss and GerDaniel H. Wells of the First Presiof engineers who, with Jesse W.

man mission from 1875 to 1877; dency and Louisa Free. His father Fox, Sen., as chief engineer, started

later, as a member of the First Counwas a direct descendant of the from Salt Lake City to locate and cil of the Seventy, he presided over fourth governor of Connecticut, and survey the route of the old Utah the European Mission from 1 896 to his maternal grandfather was one Southern Railroad.

of General George Washington's In October, 1875, while he was (CENTER) OF AND S. WELLS RULON TWO a bookkeeper at a sawas employed HIS soldiers. by his was baptized He TAKEN ASSOCIATES, A PHOTOGRAPH FROM bemill in Big Cottonwood Canyon PRESIDENT IN SWITZERLAND HE of WHEN WAS eight years about father when

OF THE EUROPEAN MISSION. longing to his father, he received the

call for his first mission, concerning which he has related the following incident:

I was measuring lumber as it came from the mill, when I was seized with a peculiar feeling over which I had no control, and which impelled me to descend from the pile of lumber and go to the office, a little board shanty which served the purpose of office, store, and bedroom combined. It

was situated about 300 or 400 feet from where I was working. After entering the

door and locking it, I knelt down and prayed to the Lord "to send me where He wanted me to go."This was the whole

burden of my prayer which lasted only about one minute. The whole proceeding

was to me a very strange one, for I did not understand the meaning of it, and it was so unusual and out of the ordinary. On this

(Continued on page 379) JhsL (pa&Amc d

ThehasdeathtakenoffromBishopthe Johnrolls Wellsof life another man who gave his JOHN WELLS years and his talents to service in fORMERLY SECOND COUNSELOR IN the Church and kingdom of God. THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC.

His passing came April 18, 1941, in the seventyseventh year of his life. He served as a counselor inthe Presiding Bishopric for twenty By RICHARD L EVANS

years, from 1918 to 1938, under the of the First Council of the Seventylate Charles W. Nibley, and more

recently under the administration of Elder Sylvester Q. Cannon. Lake; two sons, Lewis T. Wells of

John Wells was born September Salt Lake and Dr. John T. Wells of

16, 1864, in Carlton, NottinghamSan Diego, California. There also

shire, England, a son of Thomas are nine grandchildren.

Potter and Sarah Cook Wells. Funeral services were conducted

Reared in Nottingham, he became under the direction of Bishop Rulon a playmate of the late Arthur W. J. Sperry of the Wasatch Ward on

Winter who was instrumental in his Sunday, April 20, where tributes to conversion to the Latterday Saint the long service and devoted usefaith. The remarkable story of fulness of Bishop John Wells were

the lifelong association of these two spoken by President J. Reuben

men was told by Brother Wells only BISHOP JOHN WELLS Clark, Jr., Elder Charles A. Callis

a few months ago at the funeral of the Council of the Twelve, and services of Arthur Winter, who only by Brother Joseph Eckersley, for shortly preceded him in death. supervised and directed by the Premany years associated with Brother

In August, 1882, Bishop Wells siding Bishopric. The tithing sysWells in the Presiding Bishop's ofwas baptized into the Church at tem was placed virtually on a cash fice.

Nottingham and began his active basis. New systems of ward, stake, On this occasion President Clark

duties with the Church within a and mission books and records were said of him:

In these into prooperation. put his offew days baptism, from which

his to already has Reference been made the gressive others measures andtime he gave the greatest share of the in of organizing accounts great work efforts of ideas Wells and John lifehis the to Gospel. it Presiding Bishop's the was Office—and factor. contributing strong a were indicated great work. merely after... a If you baptism Soon he orwas

dained to the Aaronic Priesthood, you would like something done, he attendlike to it Wells, Bishop in ed "Dishop was placed Wells hisand, in 1885, leadership became I toassociate Brother them Winter—andimmediately. of the of the construction chargeapparent in his appointment as presasso- gether so closely they were because

ident of the Nottingham Branch. L. D. S. Hospital. He supervised ciated in life—could express his views and

He faithfully fulfilled these duties this work from the beginning, June did express his views, as to the wisdom or action, certain of but propriety proposed a hospital until theuntil 28, 1903, was sailed he in for America 1889 in said, authority over those him 1905. his opened was when in January,with wife, He young Almena Thorpe it this will way,"he would do "No, we

Wells, and an infant child, arriving superintendent of the hospital until fall in and always carry through, and this in Salt Lake on July 1 1 of that year. August 1913, and remained a trustee is one of the rarest of virtues. Too freto service those quently who we until 1938. that institution at obtained the Z. C. of He work

us. with our aye""Aye, are over giveWe say,lip to his ordination Prior factory, later I. shoe at theM. and hearts, in our mean, and no"as a bishmouths "No,

wrapping desk of that institution. op, he was selected second counand we go forward with the desire that the

Later in 1890, the young immigrant selor to President Richard W. thing they are trying to do, and we do

fail. of, shall with so approve not Not in 1916, of the Stake Ensign officeentered the Young of the Presiding

his gave Brother Wells. Wells Bishop of as serving previously a member officeBishopric as a general helper. heart anything soul to which and whole

He became chief clerk in the spring the stake high council from 1914. the brethren asked him to do. So I am

of 1898, filling that position until Before this, for a number of years glad to be here to speak this of Bishop

I I that as as and him know knew First Wells the presided over Elder Wells 18, 1918,July ordained when he was

President President him Grant and knew the Ensign Elders of ofa President bishop F. Quorum by Joseph I his also, Presidsure as and am McKay

Smith and set apart as second counStake and held various offices in the ing Bishop, Bishop Cannon, knew him.

selor to Presiding Bishop Charles Eighteenth Ward.

W. Nibley. John Wells married Almena Bishop Wells was faithful to his

During his time many changes Thorpe in 1886. She died in 1929. covenants and trust from the time he

took place in the method of handling On March 2, 1931, he married Marjoined the Church, He was a worker and accounting for the tithes. The garet Ann Newman, who survives of energy and persistence, reliable,

old system of central tithing offices, him. Sister Wells is a member of trustworthy, and faithful to every

with a bishop's agent in the stakes the Y. W. M. I. A. General Board. responsibility imposed upon him by

of the Church was discontinued and Surviving him also are three his leaders. With his passing,

the duty of receiving, handling and daughters, Mrs. Mable W. James, he, and all who cherish him, have

accounting for the tithes was transMrs. Florence W. Knowlton and assurance that the promises to the

ferred to the bishops of the wards, Mrs. Clarice W. Crook of Salt faithful will be his.

BRIGHAM YOUNG AS A PUBLIC SPEAKER

'"Phis critical analysis and appraisal

By DR. as* a ofpublicthe workspeakerof Brighamis adaptedYoungfrom

a larger dissertation on this subject by Dr. Myers in connection with his CHESTER candidacy at the University of

JAMES ofSouthernDoctor ofCaliforniaPhilosophy.for Dr.the Myers,degree

now of the Department of Speech of the Utah State Agricultural College, MYERS has studied and taught speech at both the University of Iowa and the

University of Southern California, was a graduate of the University of

Utah, and has done graduate work at Northwestern University. Those

BRIGHAM YOUNG, FROM A who think of Brigham Young priSKETCH BY JACK SEARS. just as diverse. However, he was marily as a frontiersman must, by the

always able to fill the house to overaccumulating weight of evidence, flowing, and always was he able to ofrevisestate,theirart, viewsChurchtodoctrine,include mattersspeech, the attention secure of those before and other many accomplishments firm for stood YoungBrigham to point the him. His on the his gifts list of work was and achievethe right free of speech and ments. to follow. numerway—-theirs The the his people to useencouraged

right granted them by the laws of ous large audiences before which he the land. Technically speaking, spoke demanded much in the way

physical effort of strength, an which reBrigham sermons, Young's placed \Ahen the under measurhis in told later the health years on instructions, marks, discourses, or ing standards of speech good life. his ofas called pervarious they were by for today, disBrigham Young's of student Brigham a was Young different at times, rathersons were courses are not found wanting. speech. in as Living he good did a inexhaustive treatment, popular by all else Above desired truth the he territory that required of so much innature, kept scope. broad and He to be spoken. logic wanted He its his attention for develphysical his his the that ear to ground, so rather all in than emotion discourse.

it opment, that strange almost seemspublic's interests. his problems were entertained firm belief a in He the time to should he found have say so Instructions given regarding were importance spiritual of help and about speech improvement. much harvest,such as problems, the the guidance for speech just work, as desire to earnest a had most He forts, building of the Indianhome, in did activity he every throughout the spread so Gospel he had which problems, marriage, missionary life. his to, premeditation gave He accepted. wholeheartedly Through Civil slavery, thework, the Jews, and plans for, outlines his and made his inspired loyalty a he words immigration, persecutions,War, written messages, but his for oral little the short that Saints among was political government.and Antagondiscourses relied rather his he upon of miraculous. that element had He the ranks withoutism from Mormon Heavenly to Father guide to as him is selfrespect of so important which for impelling the motivewas many should what at said be given any to prophet speaker. and his discourses.of time. it speaking Such remust be

his scripBrigham listened Young to his knew eagerly His people membered came from one who lived ture it often, his giving and quoted or else impatientlysermons waited life. a full and interesting

to read his words as reported in interpretation to the Holy Writ. He That supervised practice would

magazines and newspapers. The often ran a gamut of broken ideas work toward perfection was part of

exact number of his speeches is not rather than smoothing the thought his philosophy in speech education.

known, but three hundred eightyto one central idea. His style had a There seemed no limit to the topics

five are recorded in the Journal of place for comparisons, illustrations, which might be chosen by those who

Discourses. A clerk was nearly alconcrete examples, stories, and huspoke in Church capacities. He

ways present to record President mor. The element of fear he took a positive rather than a negative

Young's speeches. strongly discouraged in speech makviewpoint in his preaching. Although

The audiences before which ing, because to him a clear communihe advocated short sermons, well

Brigham Young spoke were many ication of ideas left no room for fear done, his own speeches were of good and varied as to character, size, and or timidity. He took delight in simlength, and sometimes he gave two

interests. The occasions and conplicity and proper choice of words discourses within one service. He

ditions under which he spoke were for all situations. (Concluded on page 377)

THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF ANOTHER "ERA YEAR"By JOHN D. GILES receivedsame basisto includeas stakes,the missionsand missionon the hasits totalanysubscriptionsstake in the doChurch.not quiteWhilereach

branches the same as wards. From the the highest total record of the South

time these requests were granted the Los Angeles Stake in other years, in

J)lan inaugurated by President missions began to figure definitely in the campaign this year it has exceeded * Grant more than twoscore the subscription totals and some finally all stakes and missions of the Church.

years ago shows greater refound their way into the list of citation Also for the first time a mission sults than ever in 194041. winners. Eastern States—has exceeded all stakes

By 193940, the missions had taken of the Church in per cent of quota, such a prominent place in the campaign reaching 462.1%, the highest mark ever

AnotherscriptionImprovementyear"hasEra ended."subthatmoreit wasequitabledecided,opportunityin order to betweenprovide reachedSouth byLosanyAngelesstake Stake,or mission.leader of

Another new high mark has been the stakes and missions, that stakes and all stakes and missions for several years reached. Several new records have missions should be listed in separate past, still leads all stakes by a subsubscrip-been established, bringing new honors groups with additional citations prostantial margin—nearly 400

nearest tions of the missions. plan ahead This was the for stake—butand recognition to both stakes and vided

first it States Southern the for exceeded in effect by the was and was adoptedmissions.

in Its of subscriptions one 39 Mission recent campaign. the by during time total subin high mark new The year. the of achievements surprise it the accomplished, and been has purpose outstandthe only notscriptions was

in subscriptotal mission nearest additional give emto The also served has high marks achievement.ing New years California tions, continuing and remarkable the to phasis Mission—for missionary in enthusiasm and setwere

activity. the in leader the missions among the of growth missions—was stakes in workers spirit Era among

292. first exceeded time by a the For mission—theEra missions.and passing of than miscarried more our worthy Also Southern the States—has distinctive among and Unique

first time is the for that fact the than notice into homes more magazine sionary is annual the the activities Church of subscription activity of The ImproveOF "B,"TOTAL NUMBER MISSIONS, GROUP pioneering days the Era. Fromment SUBSCRIPTIONS President Heber when magazine, the of

.President right: to Mission, States Southern row, singlehanded, almost Grant, mission I. A. Y. Larsen, M. leftW. Gladys J. P. Whitaker; inWilliamFirst

augurated the subscription plan, until supervisor.

the notable campaign which has just MISSIONS, GROUP "B,"PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA ended, the yearly effort to carry the Second row, Northern States Mission, left to right: Presiand supervisor mission the Adams, Reed A. into homes J. Muir; dent Leo of the Church""Voice

Seibold, P. Leo campaign,- of the "Era"secretary been has Saints the Latterday of L. campaign Broderer, Wilford director; deexecutiveassistant campaign

veloped in rather definite stages. stenographer; Sidney L. Feinauer, campaign accountant.

The plan of campaign now being followed succeeds not only in reaching the objectives desired more definitely than ever before, but also develops a missionary attitude and an infectious enthusiasm that extends to every stake and ward in the Church and the missions of North America, throughout the Priesthood quorums and the auxiliary organizations. Stake presidencies,

bishops, and other Church leaders have testified of the benefits which have come to all organizations as a result of the enthusiasm developed through the annual campaign for The Improvement Era.

The campaign of 194041 has not only sent subscription records to the MISSIONS, OFGROUPSUBSCRIPTIONS"A,"TOTAL NUMBER highest mark yet reached—51,900

also emphasized but has a most enright:Third Presidentrow, EasternGustaveStatesA. Mission,Iverson; leftGeorgeto

couraging and wholesome development L. Merrill, "Era"director, recently released;

of the campaign plan. When the presand"Era"Ralphdirector.W. Otterstrom, recently appointed

ent plan of campaign was inaugurated with the combination of the Young MISSIONS, GROUP "A,"PERCENTAGE

Women's Journal with The ImproveOF QUOTA ment Era, the subscriptions from the Fourth row, North Central States Mission,

F. Richards, George President left to right: that the missions so few were missions

and supervisor mission Erskine, A. Lawrence in the Jr.; as a factor considered were not Hatton, Y. Genevieve director; W- "Era"

campaign. In fact, the mission sub- M. I. A. mission supervisor and "Era"director.

scriptions were not even included in the yearly tabulation. As the campaigns increased in interest among the

stakes and were given publicity which reached into the missons, requests were

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

in Era campaigns three missions Los Angeles Stake, accustomed to a that group. Fifth place winner in

Southern States, California, and Northplace among Church leaders, again wins Group "B"for total number of subern States-—exceed the 1,000 mark in Citation honors by reason of its final scriptions, Liberty will be greeted by

total subscriptions whereas only one position in second place in per cent of Church leaders when the Citations are stake exceeds that figure. quota among stakes in Group "B."presented on June 6, in the Tabernacle.

The new Denver Stake furnished Millard Stake supplied another surthe surprises of year the another limitations of it impossibleCpace make prising reachnot only achievement by first its in rolls Citation entering the to record here the outstandby many first also for the time but ing its quota ing accomplishments of "the greatest year of organized Era campaigning. By winning Citation honors as a result of

campaign in Era history."It is implacing eighth in per cent of quota in finishing ahead of all but five stakes

portant, however, that some highGroup "A,"Denver crowded one of in its group in total subscriptions for lights of the year's work be mentioned. the older stakes from the Citation limethe year.

South Los Angeles Stake, pioneer in light. Other Citation stakes not mentioned

the present missionary type of Era Liberty Stake is welcomed to the individually are familiar among the campaign, again made a notable record. Citation roll for its first experience in {Continued on page 336)

It not only led all stakes of the Church and all but one mission in total number, but also reached 369.9 per cent of

its quota. This is the highest per cent

of quota among the stakes and highest but two among the missions.

Eastern States Mission in another of the surprise campaigns of the year reached the remarkable record of 462.1

per cent of its quota, far exceeding other stakes and missions and setting an alltime record for all stakes and missions of the Church in per cent of quota.

Northern States Mission forged to the top ranks in a campaign that really made Era history in that area with 370 per cent of its quota. It ranked

first place among the larger missions of the Church in per cent of quota and third place in total number of subscriptions.

Seattle Stake again displayed most effective leadership, winning the quadruple honor of being the first group, stake or mission, to reach its quota in the campaign of securing more subscriptions than any other stake in

Group "A,"of reaching the highest per cent of quota of any stake in its group, and of being a double Citation winner. This is the highest number of

honors won by any stake or mission in the campaign.

Inglewood Stake, one of the newer stakes of southern California, followed

Seattle closely, finishing as a double

Citation winner by reaching second place in Group "A"in both total subscriptions and per cent of quota.

San Fernando Stake, also in southern California, is a new name near the head of the list and a newcomer in the Citation group. By reaching third

place in Group "B"in per cent of quota it won its first Citation and will be honored at June Conference with the nineteen other stakes and four missions.

Wells Stake enters the Citation list also this year for the first time, winning GROUP "B,"TOTAL NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS third place in total subscriptions in First row, South Los Angeles Stake, left to right: President Jonn M. Iversen, regional campaign Charles manager; superintendent, S. Y. general Wood, M. M. I. A. manager campaign; "Era""B."Group

president, Eccles Y. Wilcox, also associate M. campaign manager; W. Waits, Noble Lethbridge Stake this year becomes Sliari regional regional manager; Baker, George campaign 1. A.A. manager. campaign

left Second President Stake, right: to row, Ogden Dye; G. Samuel A. Parley Bates, Y. M. M. the first stake to Canadian achieve

I. superintendent; Child, president Lula P. director; of the Y. acting A. and "Era"W. M.Citation honors. the While I. other MelvinI. A. director. L. Swenson, Y. A. M. M. "Era"

left row, Third right: President Towler,- Stake, E. Wells to Fetzer, Percy Thomas superin- K. stakes,Canadian Taylor and Alberta, tendent of Y. president Parsons, Natalie of M. M. I. A.; Mrs. Y. M. A. Y. Stirling, W. their quotas,exceeded a wellorganized I. A. director; Y. M. "Era"and M. director. C. Nisbet, M. Mrs. Ada I. A. Y. W. "Era"I. A.;

row, left Fourth right: Mount Ogden, to President Jr.; H. Reeder, Ross H. McCune, Wm. determinationcampaign coupled with

of the Price, Y. A.; president I. Mrs. Myrtle M. M. of the A.; and M. Y. W. the for Lethbridgewon Blair, C. director. distinction of superintendentMrs. Myrtle A. Y. M. I.I. "Era"W.

left Fifth row, stake, Liberty right: to President J. Percy Strong, R. Goddard; Gordonleading

I. of Canada to the Citation honor superintendent the Y. A.; Mrs. Y. M. M. Nellie I. A. president, and John W. M. Durham:

roll. C. Duncan, Y. director. I. A. M. M. "Era"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

THE ACHIEVEMENTS OF ANOTHER "ERA YEAR"{Continued from page 335) with the alltime record for reaching gins kept them from the outstanding leaders in Era campaigns, and have this its quota in the shortest time—approxihonors of the Era campaign,

year, as in the past, set the pace for mately four hours; and Salt Lake, with Some sidelights of the campaign of

the Church. In Group "A,"Long an excellent record for many years, are more than passing interest are these:

Beach, Juarez, Moapa, Phoenix, and again among the achievement groups. California Misson, missing from the

Union are seasoned campaigners who Numerous other stake campaigns lists for the first time since Citations have preserved their unusual records. have been outstanding. Rexburg, Marihave been awarded, conducted the most

In Group "B,"Ogden, always a concopa, Blackfoot, Idaho Falls, North successful of its many effective camsistent stake, this year was led only by Idaho Falls, Weber, Grant, Pocatello, paigns. Its highly commendable record

South Los Angeles stake in its group; Chicago, Nampa, Boise, San Francisis this:

Los Angeles, Big Horn and Mt. co, Pasadena, Mt. Graham, Taylor and year Subscriptions

Ogden, who are always expected to Alberta are stakes which barely missed 19361937 406 win Citations; Snowflake, the stake Citation recognition. Only small mar1937-1938. 843

19381939 842 19391940 1,04334 1 940- 1 94 1 1, 1 5634 -- V: byWiththemselvesthe missionsthe outstandingnow in arecordsgroup

of other missions were such that even 1,156 subscriptions, which set a new record for that mission, were not enough to win a mission Citation. Only one

mission, Southern States, and only one stake, South Los Angeles, reached more j|. iiifiiMiftiii homes this year with the Era than the

practically of reader every Because m *J- B) in its success;; the and Era is interested r\ jPL California Mission. IjLv m I

Hr > Wi**'** progress and further because of a desire to accord Churchwide recognition to the stakes and missions for the part they have played in the campaign which has set another record of achievement, loyalty, and missionary endeavor, to complete the record, the standings of all stakes and missions are published here.

CITATION WINNERS IN 194041 GROUP "A"jilll liJPPJll Jim m- * Seattle—First place total subscriptions.

Inglewood—SecondFirst place per centplaceof quota.total subscriptions.

Second place per cent of quota.

total subscripplace Long Beach—Third

tions HL* of quota. Sixth placeper cent

Juarez—Third place per cent of quota. Moapa—Fourth place total subscriptions.

Phoenix—FourthFifth place per centplaceofperquota.cent of quota.

Lethbridge—-FifthSeventh place totalplacesubscriptions.total subscriptions.

Millard—Sixth place total subscriptions. Union—Seventh place per cent of quota. Denver—Eighth place per cent of quota.

GROUP "B"So. Los Angeles—First place total subscriptions.

First place per cent of quota.

Los Angeles—Second place per cent of

Ogden—Secondquota. place total subscriptions. San Fernando—Third place per cent of

quota.

GROUP "B,"PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA Wells—Third place total subscriptions.

First row, Los Angeles, left to riant: President Wilford G. Ed ling; John Dalton, superBig Horn—Fourth place per cent of quota,

I. intendent of the Y. total M. place subscrip- A.; M. I. Mrs. Leah president Van Wagenen, of Y. the and Mt. A. M. W. Ogden—Fourth

Ml. acting A. director; Y. I. "Era"H. W. Jackson, and Harold director. Y. A. M. M. "Era"tions

row, Second left I.San Fernando, right: to President David H. Cannon,- Dr. Brooks, V. Harry >rper ronrcent ofot Fiff-V, nlaPplace mmtaquota. Snowtlake—Fifthqnnwffalr*. I. of superintendent the Y. A.; I. Mrs. J. Greenwald, Irma M. president; M. Y. Lloyd A. M. W.

I. E. Allen, total subscriptions. director; Y. place I. A. Mrs. M. M. and Allen, "Era"director. Y. Lue A. M. "Era"Emma W. Liberty—Fifth

row, Big left Third right: Stake, Horn to President Ardiie R. Earl Boyack; Lyman place Salt of quota. per cent Lake—Sixth Collins, A. Y. M. M. superintendent; J. I. Elna Croft, president of the A.; Y. Reed M. W.

I. Y. Thomas, director; M. I. A. I. M. and "Era"Mrs. Vera Wilkerson, director. Y. A. "Era"M. W. "A"MISSION GROUP

. row, left Snowflake Fourth Stake, right: to President David Butler; Frederick A. A..

Turley, total I. of superintendent place, sub-, the I. A.; Y. I. Y. Eastern president M. M. A. M. Florence James W. Denham; States—First

I. Flake, A. Y. Nellie director; I. Merrill, G. M. M. "Era"and director. Y. A. M. "Era"W. First scriptions. cent per of place quota.

row, Fifth left Salt right: Stake, Lake to President Wilford Beesley; Lincoln A. SpmnH tafaltotal nferoplace PonfralCentral F. NnrthiNorth states—Secondtxtfi I. Hanks, Y. M. M. superintendent; A. Helen Perkes, president I. of A.; E. the Y. H. M. W.

I. Y. Capel, A. I. director; M. and M. Bryner, "Era"Gwen (Continued A. director. on Y. M. page "Era"369) W.

DEATH HOLLOW TRAIL CL JhusL ShiftL St&uj three o'clock was I,T in By thethe morning ranch phone when rang. its Something about unusual

urgency from bunk. JOHN KING jerked me my

Dr. Moyer's anxious voice over the as told to

wire told me my sixyear-old son hadbut a few hours to live. My brownANNA PRINCE REDD

eyed, robust little son. The thirty

miles of pioneer that lay beroad the not trust life to my on—dared thetween ranch and the town animal. of sense Pat of an and caution

Escalante might just as well have was slipping too much for any assurbeen a continent, so effectively did ance.

it separate me from him. Until recently Boulder, Utah, was one of -LJismounting, I clutched

the most inaccessible inhabited the reins in a close grip and began places in the United States. At the inching my way down the slippery

time that phone rang only the cowtrail. For half an hour we made our

men knew the way in or out of it. tortuous way. In a few more rods

There were two routes—the the trail would widen, the going be

wagon road and Death Hollow Trail. easier. With the death of the wind,

To take the road meant hours of un- I was beginning to relax and to move certain progress even in a car. Washforward with more assurance, when

outs were the rule, not the exception, a sudden gust tore my hat from my at every sandfilled, polebridged head and sent it hurtling down the arroyo. With the heavy rains they'd gorge. Involuntarily I made a grab

certainlyalmost be impassable. it. My for horrible A sickening lurch—amind leaped to Death Hollow, only jerk that almost tore from my arm

three miles long, and cutting the enits total of blindmoment socket—a

tire distance than half. by more ness, realizafollowed awful by the

But with freezing after the raintion that I was hanging between life drizzle of the night, the trail would and death, dangling over the gorge, be a glare of thin ice, not deep enough clutching the bridle rein that to grab a horse's shoes so he'd hold, threatened to pull the horse over but a mere glaze that would break after me! My back to the icy cliff,

trail skid under him.and took The horrible the me, I depth beneath

its from dared name men who not breathe. dared The sickening it GODI TOOKTO ASEEDEEPME THROUGH,BREATH ANDTHENPRAYEDGAVE

to block their way. Long before the PAT HIS HEAD. strain of body weight on my arm and

saddle was on my horse, I knew it the labored breathing of my horse, would have to be the trail. No risk gray above me as the clouds shut out instinctively holding his own prewas too great if it brought me there the moon. I took a deep breath and carious footing, were all that my

in time. prayed God to see me through, then mind could take in.

For thirty hardriding minutes 1 gave Pat his head. Gingerly he A sudden sagging of the rein

picked my way through mesquite and picked his way, slipping even where brought me sharply to the need for sand dunes in the early morning the trail was widest. A huge shadow action. That sagging rein could

gloom; then the ring of my horse's loomed ahead; the wind died away, not be ignored. It was only a matter

shoes on the sandstone warned me sighing weirdly among the pines at of minutes—-Pat's neck was giving

the trail was taking off for Death the bottom of the gorge. My hand little by little. Physical fear almost

Hollow. My horse knew every foot tightened the rein and my horse undid me.

of the trail as well in darkness as in stopped, his ears at attention, his "Steady, Pat, steady,"I managed light, and picked his way with sure breath steaming through his dilated to urge, while with my free arm I step. nostrils. It was growing faintly quickly explored the cliff near me for

The narrow, steep trail led over lighter, enough that I could see and something to cling to. I found with

a ledge of solid, windswept rock, feel the horse's nervous dread and relief that it had not caught enough split by a gorge thousands of feet be warned by it. But there was no ice to keep me from getting a footdeep. A natural route of deer and turning back for me. I gave rein, hold. "Steady, boy,"I said as calmmountain sheep, it had been widened and without the slightest hesitation ly as I could. There was the faintby blast and chisel to'a narrow he moved on down the trail, feeling est quiver along the bridle reins,

ledge, passable, for surefooted anievery step, as I felt it trembling and this time there was a distinct mals, in dry weather. But this through his great frame. upward pull.

stretchwasn't If only out would dry weather. the moon Any come I twoGod,""Oh pleaded—a

less again. couldn't of the imagination minimize sees holds one What of prayer out word my great need.

the danger of the slippery path terror than what is grimly envisioned My groping fingers came in contact ahead. by the mind. The seeing gives somewith a sharp projection. I clutched

I peered gravely into the bottomthing tangible with which to cope. it with renewed hope and began to

less dark below and the fathomless With the moon gone I dared not go (Continued on page 376)

TlSAGAGO

her favorite knoll By BERNICE above the EROMIndian settlement Tisagago watched the day ride swiftly FAGG POND into her beloved valley. Long arrows of light split purpledeep

shadows, stirred birds to throaty gabbling.

Sleepless and twisting with agepains and sorrow, Tisagago ( Small

Grandmother) had listened during the long night to the weeping and wailing voice ancestors in the of her untilof the wind, stay VSfeff she could not quietly on her bed. But the coming **WMMWmiMiafa

of day and the stilling of night voices brought no cessation of the grief in her heart. That grief, which had and habitat of roots and leaves and shut out the Indian. This was her

begun when the White Man came to berries. home, her native land, and she

the West, had increased with his Tisagago realized that the time feared that some not far distant day power. Silently Tisagago wept at when the Goshute was happy with the Indian might be forced away to

the doom of extinction which she few possessions and fewer comforts a hated reservation.

saw ahead for her people. was past. Her grandsons worked Carefully lifting a nearly filled

In this land, illfavored by nature, as hired hands on the neighboring basket from the ground, Tisagago her oncenumerous people had ranches, and with ready silver clinkbalanced it on her back and, leavlearned to find in the plant and aniing in their little bags, with the place ing her restingplace on the knoll, mal life, food for every season, covof many houses not far distant, her followed the winding course of the ering for the body, and for every ill grandson's squaws saw little need to stream toward White Neighbor's a medicine. Tisagago had lived to gather the service berry, native curranch. Crippled with winter pains,

nesses—uncuredsee battle woundsbyandrootstrangeteas strongsickrants,in seasonand thefor fruitfood,ofandthe wildfor presercherry shegretfullymovedof slowly,the timeandwhenthoughtshe hadreand rank in taste and smell—claim vation for winter use. In the sumbeen an active, vigorous girl, and

large numbers of the onceproud mer they sat chattering and laughthey had called her Muts'embi-a,

Goshute tribe of the great Shoshone ing while Tisagago mashed the berMountain Sheep.

family. Many had sought relief ries and spread them out in layers Sorrow and pride housed in her

from strange diseases in the waters for the sun to dry thoroughly. Nor heart and filled it, leaving no place

of the warm springs, and had died, did they offer to help when she for friendship for the white settlers till now there remained only a few gathered in the dried fruit and in Tisagago's valley. She had lisproud and stoic members of a onceplaced it in grasslined pits, covertened carefully to the words passed

great tribe. ing it carefully with a layer of fraby the braves around the evening

Tisagago sorrowed, not only for grant sagebrush leaves, cedar bark, campfire when the words were of the dwindling in their number and and earth. In the winter, when she white men who had come lying and

lands, but also for the passing of broke the dried fruit in the mill, and cheating, with harsh - tongued much of what was distinctly of the boiled it with meat and seed meals, threats. But very deliberately sheoriginal Goshute with the oldsters she ate in loneliness—an awful lonehad closed her ears when they talked

of the tribe, considered unimporliness that filled her world from earth of those they loved, those who had tant by the youngsters, who knew to sky because she had lost her hope, come, they said, with friendship in nothing of the time before the White her faith in her gods and the future their hearts because what they said

Man and the new mode of life. of her people. with words they had done with

Tisagago felt that all too readily deeds.

the young of the tribe had forsaken JL/imly from her vantage Of one the braves spoke most much of the Indian way that was point Tisagago saw the familiar gray often. They called him White

good. She knew from talk around and dull olive of sagebrush and Neighbor with friendship in their

the campfires that the first white greasewood, realizing that only a voices. That she knew something

settlers had learned from the Indian part of the valleys that had once of their White Neighbor, Tisagago how to dig sego bulbs in the spring been the domain of her people now kept secret. She preferred not to

and roast them in pits lined with remained open to them. The most explain to the Indian settlement that

hot stones in the winter, and had favored sections of her land had often she gathered muchpreferred thus staved off starvation. But strict been reclaimed by irrigation. Becottonwood shoots for her basket

necessity no longer compelled them fore her stretched long fence lines from the willow patch on the edge of to know the form and color, season and squared cultivated fields that his ranch while he worked nearby. As

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

she worked she crouched in the wilshe decided to take it to White Her mouth was parched and hot, lows listening, and she knew that Charley. Perhaps in exchange for and she thought with longing of

White Neighbor did not throw the the basket he would let her hold his luscious berries, sweet as hummingname of his God at his horses as she shining book in her wrinkled brown bird's milk, but it was too late in the had heard others do. For this she hands. season for them, she knew. Deterrespected him, and she began to see With purpose in her heart, her minedly she pulled each moccasined

that there were good white men and fingers flew. When the basket was foot forward on the trail.

bad white men, just as there were finished, she took it to White She looked toward White Neighgood Indians and bad Indians. Neighbor's ranch. White Neighbor's cabin. No smoke feather

But pride had kept her in the bor was standing in front of his curled into the sky. It was well,

lodge when he had come to talk cabin when she brought the basket Tisagago decided; he would not be

around the campfire, and it was only to him. He lifted it carefully and gone to the fields when she reached

by accident that she heard her sons examined the pattern with pleasure, his cabin.

speak of the Holy Book White but he did not understand that she Her aching muscles cried, "We

Neighbor owned, a book which was bringing it to him because she are old, Tisagago. Let us rest. We

White Neighbor said contained a longed to see his book. His hand have been long away from the

history of the Indian; a book which went to his pocket, and when he lodge."

had been hidden in a hill and found brought it out, he put shining silver She forced herself on until she long after by a White Man who saw coins into her hands. reached Split Creek. There she

a Great Light and heard the Great Later, when they asked her paused to ease her back where the

Spirit speak; a book which gave around the lodge about her basket, age pains stabbed through. Her

promise that her people would yet she was not able to tell them of her precious basket of warm, brown rejoice. longing to see the book, and of her nuts she placed on the edge of the

While she wove baskets, or disappointment. stream in the shade. The cool singmashed berries, Tisagago thought Still she could not banish the ing of the water pulled her toward

of the book. More than anything thought of the book. Tisagago it, and awkwardly, painfully aware

else, she wanted to see it, to hold it realized that there were not many of the miles she had come, Tisagago in her hands, to hear its bright promsnows left to her. With fierce and leaned over and tried to bring water

ise for the future of her people. loving loyalty for her people, she to her mouth in her cupped brown

She was too proud to ask queslonged to know what promise, what hands.

tions of her grandsons; little by little hope the White Man's book held Dizziness filled her head with

she learned what they knew of the for them. murmurings as of a swarm of bees.

book by listening to their words That longing made her insist that She tried to step away, to straighten whenever she was near them. She she be allowed to journey into the and steady her body. Her foot caught

had closed her ears before to word Deep Creek Mountains with the on a root. She stumbled heavily

they brought of their white neighannual expedition for the gathering against the basket. It tipped. Basbors, but now she listened carefully, of the fruit from the nut pine. She ket and pine nuts rolled into the

and found the cloud of bitterness had decided to try again to see the stream.

lifting. book. She would take pine nuts to Tisagago plunged her hands into

From the time in the spring when the white man. the water, pulled out the basket,

she gathered the large leaves and Old though she was, Tisagago clutched at the mounds of pine nuts petioles of the arrowroot to boil and waited impatiently while the men which were diminishing rapidly as eat, to the time for sewing fur ropes bent the pinebranches with longthe nuts were carried downstream.

together to form blankets or articles hooked poles. She helped gather She could not save enough to take

of clothing which were warm and the stocky green nutfilled cones, to White Neighbor.

serviceable for winter, Tisagago and burn them in the fire until the Hopelessly she gazed into the could not forget the book. Perhaps nuts were roasted. Then, with the stream. Her heart was sore. Now she

if she had something to offer, she others, she beat the nuts from the could not go to the ranch of White decided during the long time she cones and brought her store back to Neighbor. She had nothing of value

thought of it, White Neighbor maythe Indian settlement. to offer for his book. The hot beatbe would show the book to her. The choicest nuts she had placed ing of the sun warned her that she

That idea stirred Tisagago to in the basket she now carried on her was old and tired, urged her to rehope, but as she counted over her back as she followed the stream turn to the protection of the lodge.

dismeager possessions, she became ranch. Neighbor's toward White her looked eyes shaded and She

little.couraged. so Dried She had flinching pace, her unslowed first She other, the then one and way

berries, roots, seeds, of and and sun. of the beating quick der the for the of a hoping appearance

course the carefully medigathered half distance behind the only With cloud no dust wagon. There was

littlecinal herbs, in a which hung felt sticks. like legs her, her burning to indicate team. approaching an

waist, from herbag the major were inside buzzing her bee rest back. was then turn and would head, She A

store.part she, of her could What felt perspiraof great drops she and not should have she She knew thatTisagago, give to of value a White tion wash so far little rivers down her dusty come

flour, sugar, matches, had whoMan face. brown she While bullets? alone.rested—her heart sickpowder, and Why had she attempted the jourwith tears—the barnyard sounds

ney on foot today, so soon after she coming from White Neighbor's <r\s her thoughts centered had returned from the mountains? ranch intensified from the pleasant

on this problem, she found herself Would not another sun have been morning calls of frolicsome animals fashioning a basket with more than soon enough, she asked herself, and to the deeper complainings of unusual care. As the basket took knew the answer in the urgency she tended flocks. Tisagago lifted her

shape and she saw that it was good, felt. {Continued on page 375)

ATLOOKING BACK What it Whan*.

By WILLIAM and DEWEY FARNSWORTH

JbJbsL A MORMON BOY, IN TIMES LIKE THESE.

By FRED W. MOELLER

IS in times like these, times when

ITtomorrow may take from us all we have, that we begin to appreciate those things which yesterday we took for granted. If world strife

brings anything good, it is this realization of the true values in common, everyday things.

If we would only learn to enjoy

LA PIRAMIDE, COPAN, HONDURAS what we already have, before it is the of in on Copan matter temple gigantic a as this take to west, late. east from broad too yards hundred We Two Oizen, ot pyramid Egyptian great the as as large river, the of northern bank of our comfort love and the course an been to have appears Its base feet. eighteen is onlyalmost of difference a being there Until. steps stone counsides by of generous three exterior the on kind and the accessible from mothers, terrace, elevated the as ruin, but complete in almostits structure was extraordinary of this most years, recent and dream fathers. our sel of as originally. We grandeur of state the in same almost it today appears reconstruction, of result

plan and are so intent on our dreaming that we fail to see the opportunities around us. And then one

day we awake to find we have lost that comfort and guidance, and the '<$W*i dreams we've had. It is regrettable

that it takes so great and terrible a thing as widespread calamity to bring us to our senses.

I have never desired, nor do I ever hope, to become a millionaire;

*&&& yet there are many who would gladly trade their fortunes for mine.

I have a God in whom I can put my faith, and upon whom I must and do gladly rely for all blessings and gifts I receive.

I have a mother to comfort me, a father to counsel me.

SEPULCHRAL VAULT IN TEMPLE AT COPAN I have health to enjoy, knowledge vault, more a sepulchral of a livelihood disclosed gaining at the for Copan pyramidtemple to use the inside Excavations niches two flanked by broad, half and five a and long, feet and ten high, feet six than to along pass to for myself and pots, dishes and earthenware full red of vault were the of floor the as well as which conwas vault of the floor in lime. The packed others. bones filled with human of them many bones. of fragments with strewn lime, was and with coated stone, solid of is bethe world I youth, and ot have knives pointed sharpedged, several this were in chamber articles found the structedAmong stone. fine green in carved death's small head shells, a and marine stalactites, fore me. chuya,

I have the Church and therein the

Priesthood and all gifts and privileges in it.

I have been baptized for the remission of my sins, and possess the

Holy Ghost to keep me constant in righteousness.

I have no fear of tomorrow if I live righteously today; in fact, I fear

nothing but God, for I know that it is only when I am afraid of a thing, whether it be a man, a beast, or even death or the devil himself—it

is only when I fear it, that that thing can have any power over me.

I have a country whose laws protect me, whose constitution makes me free.

I have a great deal to live for, but I

CHIAPA for. TAXCHILAN die to PALACIO EN also something have well- a showing structure is this ancient jungle Mayan in the far back Discovered universe all in the things the since Yes, good stood probably has which building, this of architecture. doorways The ordered

intricate preservation. of The state in remarkable are a Christ, after for century I grateful to God, mine; are am artistic the structure denote the part of the upper of design architectural firstcarvings and

the boy. upon a found writing picture hieroglyphics and Mormon I am builders. ancient The of the ability

in many and in stone their story represent of the Mayans temples and monuments 340 instances depict events in early Biblical history.

THE WRITING xi at BOOK MORMON

'CONCERNING THE TIME, THE PLACE, THE SCRIBES, AND

Beyondcomes fromthe persuasionearnest readingwhichof THE PRINTING the Book of Mormon itself its claimtowers the truth of that it By DR. FRANCIS W. KIRKHAM translated unletteredwas an by

youth from ancient records "by the gift and power of God,"a claim which is far easier to'believe than the absurd explanations of its origin which have been advanced by those who insist on disputing—or simplyignoring—the evidence. That there

is evidence, unmistakable evidence, that the book was produced exactly as Joseph Smith said it was, it is the purpose of this article to show.

And when all the testimony has been cited, "chapter and verse"—for so replete are the sources—the conclusion will remain a simple one, but

significant; for if the Book of Mormon can be shown to have been

translated in about seventyfive working days, and under the conditions claimed for it, that is in itself evidence of its divine authenticity. The simplicity of the findings

is startling: the truth, becomes readAN AIR VIEW OF CUMORAH TODAY

ily apparent. Fortunately, the evidence is such that each may judge T may seem unnecessary to prove for many years editor and proprietor of the

for himself, may himself make the spiritual realities by scholar's reWayne Sentinel.... I performed much of

same careful, objective study from search, but the Lord Himself has said the reading of proof sheets of the Book of the same sources as those considered wouldthat in Histhe truthmouthsbe ofestablished.many witnessesHere Mormon.

by the writer. is an ancient record translated "by On page 53 of the same book, Mr.

Let us consider the evidence: the of gift and God."power The is Tucker states: translated that evidence so it was

The title page of the first edition the subject of this article by Dr. Mr. John H. Gilbert, as printer, had the

into has Kirkham, gone who trust the chief of the typesetting and operative of of records the Book Mormon with contemporary Joseph job. press work of the the the place of the record year and find facts Smith's that to the day

completion of the printing as folleave no other possible conclusion. The personal knowledge of these

lows: facts by Mr. Tucker is affirmed by a

"The Book of Mormon"letter written by S. S. Harding, one-

[then follows the preface] the expense of printing 5,000 copies of the time governor of Utah Territory,

Smith, Junior, Author By Joseph Indiana, 1867, Milan, dated June 1, the price Bible, agreed and upon and Mormon

Proprietor. Palmyra. I the principal compositor $3,000. in of the was the was appendix and printed

for Printed B. Grandin, E. the Author. by Bible, the in of said commencing on same book: abovementioned 1830. finishing in the 1829, and same August

March 1830."When I was in Palmyra in 1829, I went

The printing of the book began in (Signed) John H. Gilbert. with Joe Smith at his special request, to

August, 1829. his father's house, in company with Martin

the for purpose Oliver and Cowdery to the Harris witness personal Another letter following autographed The "translations"his of hearing read wonderful of of Mormon, the Book the printing set nearly all the person by who I plates. in the sacred the from... was

type for the Book of Mormon is at Mr. Pomeroy Tucker of Palmyra, printing office with yourself and also the

the Church Historian's Office in Salt writes as follows in the preface of a three Mormons named, when the proof the sheet of first form of the book was reentitled in 1867, book he published Lake City. It is selfexplanatory: vised you. by Its Origin, Rise and Mormonism,

York. Palmyra, New 1887. Progress This letter also states: 23, October

At the request of Elder F. M. Lyman of I was well acquainted with "Joe Smith,"In October following, 1829, the printing

Utah, I make the following certificate: the first Mormon Prophet.... also with was considerably advanced and the ultimate

"I was born in the town of Richmond, OnMartin Harris and Oliver Cowdery and with issue of the Book of Mormon had become tario County, New York, April 13, 1802. most of the earlier followers of Smith.... a fixed fact.

I assisted Egbert B. Grandin in estimating I established in Palmyra in 1823. and was {Continued on page 342)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941 sSSHMS** WfAt The Writing of the fhAf%- # 4$<HLHjt Book of Mormon (Continued from page 341

Later in a letter dated Milan, Indiana, February, 1882, and published

K&& by Thomas Gregg in his book, The / Prophet of Palmyra, these statements are repeated in part.

Another direct statement of the time of beginning and completing the printing of the Book of Mormon comes from an interview with Mr.

Gilbert at his home in Palmyra in

Jenson, Edward 1888 by Andrew S. Black. *. v\J4>A. omJ MA'44/ CAvefnM,/': Stevenson, and Joseph

4*WJMp MjtAM/K $hJ> us4wv& r-$; drew( See InfancyJenson, pageof the37)Church by AnVW7<S <-JlHXJt--(f*%W* <*}.*{ Our next man was Major John H. Gilbert,

the person who set the type for the first edition of the Book of Mormon in Egbert fiftyeight printing office years yy 'KZSL. r*y**y yAw*<w J'Tr'&mv<4<m- iy <m44m Grandin's

the pages the 580 of which ago.... Of

book consisted, he set in type about 500 pages himself. The work of printing the

book, he remembers distinctly, was com- 4*u#<*/l <,u*f't|4?nA tt, 8*1 3-w <*f. l|#;*r-*i -WW mencedMarch, 1830.in August, 1829, and finished in

fyt%% i4 M&t WJZ& ffttpSavl. }'JU"ifi gCTpE fisyt HThe publisher of the Wayne Sentinel, of Palmyra, has preserved

for us the exact date of the close of the printing of the Book of Mormon.

The following excerpts from this l*, i/M paper printed at Palmyra are quoted M$4M*f%j* i'ir- *?cr<****- **?

>** in Source Material Concerning the

Origin of the Book of Mormon, by

Francis W. Kirkham, pages 144145. The original papers are in the

New York State Library, Albany,

New York:

to that are requested the announce We in of will sale be ready for / Book Mormon the course of next week. March 19, 1830.

,i '&i&si*<\S%,*\ & On March 26, 1830, and for four 4C (?/#A* &/!# <TiHA'3,H.-tt; # consecutive weeks, thereafter, the

/ /* the paper published the preface of -if7 the Book of Mormon followed by this statement:

The above work containing six hundred pages of large duodecimos is now for sale, at wholesale and retail, the Palmyra Book:::;'-/'':''''/>* Grandin. and Store by Howard:;: "'% #/ / 'V '44- -ft'

The evidence appears complete, that the printing of the Book of Mormon began in August, 1829, and was completed not later than March 26, 1830. 4'h4ii ilM4 'U*l4& <w"? Tfffij>iK't'--%--} p-a-r4 j-nyr* AJi&JhThe Time and the Place of the

Writing "pOR the answer as to the time and place of writing, it seems advis7T able first to review briefly the statements of the Prophet himself from X the time he received the plates until from Oliver and Cowdery met he first in the it of two appears as in edition) first the verses 4-17 (page 16 7, Chapter First Nephi, of it handwriting be in the to shows Evidence of of Mormon. the Book original manuscripts until comthe translation was then manuscript the The fell lips of Prophet."it the "as translation from the Oliver Cowdery, who wrote

from which this photograph was taken is in the Church Historian's Office, Salt Lake City, Utah. pleted.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941. r,:t.f. t //,/''JT4*r jA ft ft* * **-* u* i&*tl "On the 22nd of September,..A:f'],.*.-,>#*>

1827,"he writes, "the same heavenly messenger [Moroni] delivered the wr <- *%&.

plates to me."(Documentary HisjtfSJ!Z!>jA -fiJ$&

tory of the Churcht vol. 1, p. 18.)

Unable to translate at Palmyra because of opposition, in December, in to his ';1827, he returned home h-&f %jfdjmss>v. '- t. <,%,< 1 1< ** f"<V again Pennsylvania.Harmony, He

, H?* - y &-. t* 3 '. A*1 &ar. -<< * *i-*:/ -**%. Jgjv-'#*'v-5mn*7 Jujnarrates: &tSjJi&*j

'/A;sf?i.j(ijfe'/tit. J'kk *& + f 1

flbw*- I arrival there after Immediately my y-#*> wLt.riv<f//f<! /#*. l# I < y <t off the the characters copyingcommenced ><A kI, *#%&&;.;'M

plates.... Sometime in the month of Feb- f & i+-H> n.t*yL IMjf A*-'-- I A*(/,ti4>,i*t

ruary, Martin Harris came to our place, got the characters which I had drawn [i. e. -! U- *'*:..,, /**>'tuft, jx*-/* < ynfP* <*w/*X&&-&M&mM*

copied] off the plates and started with them to the city of New York.... He [Mar- -$:,&!-}iidJs&x: 4hs?. I***-'$%.'

tin Harris] returned to Palmyra and arrived -t-lfr&C tp i*Ct& * SM> of April, the 12thagain home about at my writing while >>,,*<*, >,--:/ f /. J ij#i,*fJ,/sCttt1828, and commenced for me

I translated the plates, which we continued until the 14th of June following, by which time he had written 116 pages of manuscript ***&&,Mjh >i**S* <:*:. t-*.4t.CM fZf.A* U fi:mk3i H[.-'C,,t*K*.

paper. foolscapon (Documentary History c Mt y vol. I, Church,of the pp. 19, 21.)

In the meantime, while Martin Harris::t jt&ls

was gone with the writings, [the 116 pages;x

which were lost] I went to visit my father's family at Manchester. I continued there 4 /*%**%*-? H&> >t*S, '**t&<!*: 1.4.4-4 - &.* -/ l'Jyi (--fi '*.*(@*eti&

for returned to a short season, and then my s 'i/**t & r"i* nCiC -*-t.*y%**-*place after in Pennsylvania. Immediately

my return home, I was walking out a little distance, when, behold, the former heavenly messenger appeared and handed to me the,--C -& j&s-,<*,

Urim and Thummim again.... I inquired

of the Lord through it and obtained the following. (See Doctrine and Covenants, &.4U fr'/*** tttslHUdf'Zpg***. Kt*feti*S $& st*'--*-&&b&***

Sec. 3. Also Documentary History of the

Church, vol. I, page 22.) '&-.*/.Mz -f4lW>?&t*'X'?

After I had obtained the above revela- i-Sj. cs j>Qc. t/.. y.t ito*it&Xa#, '-,***. 'Jm&

tion, both the plates and the Urim and

Thummim were taken from me again; but

in a few days they were returned to me....

(See Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. 10; also

Documentary History o/ the Church, vol. I,

page 23.) (B. H. Roberts estimates the time

of this revelation (Section 10) as August or

September, 1828. Documentary History of

the Church, vol. I, page 23.)

Lucy Mack Smith fixes the date when the Urim and Thummim were &jSt>*t iftjgQjte&j jM&&> *tjt&5& <&&&*&.

returned to the Prophet as SeptemHjA M%jtej'>$*':,

ber 22, 1828. (See History of the First Nephi, Chapter 6, verse 1, to Chapter 7, verse 11, as it appears in a second manuscript of

Prophet Joseph by Lucy Smith, page the Book of Mormon, a copy of the original shown on the opposite page, made for the printer three 124.) monthsthe firstafterphotograph.the translationProof thathad Oliverbeen completed.Cowdery wroteThethehandwritinggreater partseemsof bothto bemanuscriptsthe same asestablishesthat in

Mother Smith further said: "A takena significantis in theclaimlibraryin theof theaccompanyingReorganizedarticle.Church, TheIndependence,manuscript Missouri.from which this photograph was

few months after Joseph received the end. (Doctrine and Covenants, Sec. indicates that Covenants) andthem [the Urim he trine and Thummim] 10:1-4.) received no the time it was up toinquired of the Lord, and obtained

the following revelation."{Ibid. t further translation had been made of -yiie Prophet writes

the of Note Mormon. the Book 126; Doctrinepage Covenants, and

to immediately not, I did however, go followinq: This 1 0. ) the put date of would received time the he [following translating -,,,

1. you,,behold,, tI say unto Now,Section 10 as to i atioil( November went or Decembut Section 10] thatt the reve

writings delivered those because up you farm a small with uponber, 1828. my hands in date published The

T Harris] lost Martin pages by [116 father wife's of purchaSed had which whichlaboring my editionsearly the of Doctrine and translate, to unto given you had power you the In family. for in to provide order my

is 1829.Covenants exthe of the May, and Thummim, Urim means As by father 1829, came February, of month my

plained by B. H. Roberts, however, into the hands of a wicked man, you have to visit us> at which time 1 received the follost them. for (Doctrine him. revelation and is lowinqthis evidently incorrect. (See

gift at the lost also 2. your And you 1829. February, 4, Sec. dated Covenants,Documentary the History Church, of time, darkened. your mind and same became I, vol. the Church, History Documentary of

I,vol. it is 3. restored also Nevertheless, 23, unto page Doctrine and now '') pane 28

faiththat again; therefore see are you youCovenants Commentary page 78.)

I for applied following and obtained ful The finishing the of continue and unto on

Whatever the date, it was after the remainder of the work of translation as—[March, 1829] at the request of the aforeJuly, 1828, and before February, you have begun. mentioned Martin Harris. (Doctrine and

1829. 4. Do not run faster or labor more than Covenants 5; Documentary History of the

you have strength and means provided to Church, vol. I, pages 2831.)

This revelation (Section 10, Docenable you to translate; but be diligent unto {Continued on page 370)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

San* $ncm, SidksL 125Ul Qju&uwl x>. sw&nii BRIGHAM YOUNG

SAID:

Compiled by Heber Q. Hale

Compiled by raise a pig to market size, to be given the credited to be sold and quorumPresident Wm. Etvin Palmer to

to assessment. Last his quorum year, AMto proveat the thatdefiancethe Saintsof anyhavehistorianever

HPhe suffered as much as the sinners. A Blanding125th QuorumWard, ofSanSeventyJuan Stake,of the whenship, themanybottomof thefellpigsout wereof thereadymarket,to I

the so dressed the sold pork quorumis calling of the special the magnifying trait is in the predominant one There locally, the kept project thereby and on is the to Gospel carry for power. seeking humanSeventy—which family—the ledger. profitable the the side of Some misplacing the tomessage... satisfy will the Will mind? What world—by

it find to contribute cash, easy members list of the at service the headsionary lands, silver? houses, gold? Will Will

others, but farming are and who who Its its activities. sixtyof memquorum the possessions? world Search and

raise this find hogs some a anyway, sponsoring successfully alsobers are that at will over, discover and once you convenient rather inexpensive and way projects. several other while worth inwill not. they Will power and

their of dues. meeting quorum actively this enofFifteen are number satisfy? their fluence fellowbeings over

this the years, past several quoFor are.. as.gaged now will satisfy will not. They What missionaries—nine has the sponsored rum Stake San Juan six in are missions foreignserving and all If principles us? and understand we the Seminary, given has proceeds and missionaries. serving stake as The are, that been, that have and powers

of of the celebration 4th that to July all is fully organized comandquorum sufto that are come, and had wisdom institution. year, approximately Each functioning.mittees are ficient to elements control and powers

has raised the been quorum by this has Since 1934, had in $200.00 quorum associated, are perhaps with which we this activity. the In through 1940, field, constantly, foreign missionthe satisfied. If this will then be would we

officials the divided seminary proceeds six missionaries, supported tofrom one is satisfy there the mind, not human rethe with quorum, and the quorum in guaranthe part quorum, which by will. that nothing

tees each missionary, if needed, $15.00 ceived $109.00 from the 4th of July

celebration. also used This was money cases, In the quorum a month. some fruits this of are the Gospel What

in field. to the missionaries support full the a regularly monthpays $15.00 it is into the heart received of an when

its assisted has quorum The memmission. the for This of the duration It will individual? a bad man make

in bers sickness of death, time and and is that there believes "wherequorum it inbetter; good, and a good man

the burial excontributed has toward fill is mission. will, to a there a a way"intellilight, his creases knowledge, and

in families penses of members. quorum in group, the as a quorum, men The in to gence, enables grace and him grow with member, one quorum circumstances. are in very modest To When a and in a knowledge of the truth.

rather large family, lost and his home raise the missionary funds to support it fire, all the contained quorum by sevthe has adoptedprogram, quorum sure: thing one never Of am God immediately organized committees projects. farming eral a Through is to instituted not the author war. IGod

first the the canvass town, day and barley and wheat the of confusion or are of grain—both war—they in contributions cash $238.00 voluntary raised sold. During been and of results children the the acts of of project,—has in raised, several to thouaddition was other farming and winter months, when necessarily Confusion men. and war

feet of sand and lumber numerous is standstill at a and men many work results foolish acts of the as the come are idle, the quorum has organized pledges of labor. The quorum memand policies of men; but they do not

bers materials also assisted with and profits projects. woodhauling The desires they should because come God

this labor in rebuilding the home of if project, the measured from this by generally If the people come. would

brother. high, but involved, they not were work to there turn the Lord, be never would

did help materially, and the project Each year, the quorum sends a speany war. Let men turn from their inoffered spiritual values. cial Christmas gift to every missionary iquities and sins and, instead of being

The quorum has a standing assessin the field, and encourages correspondcovetous and wicked, turn to God and ment of $1.25 a month for each memence with the missionaries by quorum seek to promote peace throughout the

the year. This throughout members is for the support of which cease. land, exand wars would We ber—$1.00 alive serves to keep stimulate and of program, the missionary and 25c for to shall see the pect swords the day when

quorum welfare. Most of the funds, missionary spirit within the quorum. be turned into plowshares, spears into

however, are used for missionary work. Social functions for quorum members pruning hooks, and when men shall

their activimportant wives an and form difficulty have assist members who is To more. This no what war make we

ity, quite excursions, temple as do an in this cash, in contributing a amount for plenty, are peace, want. and We

in undertaking, that the the fact of view adopted. project pigraising Each was all family. the to happiness human

man who possibly can is asked to {Concluded on page 359)

Our work, our everyday labor, our whole lives are within the scope of our religion. This is what we believe and

what we try to practice. Yet the Lord

permits a great many things that He never commands.

PRESIDENTS OF THE 125TH BLANDING OF SEVENTY, QUORUM JUAN STAKE I will say with regard to miracles, SAN WARD, there is no such thing save to the igto right, Left front row: is, there never a rewas Wm. norant—that Stevens, Vernon U. Jones, Alden Alma of sult wrought out any or by by God C. Rowley.

Back row: Parley Redd, Wm. Ervin His creatures without there being a

Palmer, Arah E. Shumway, and Dee cause for it. There may be results, the L. Bayles.

causes of which we do not see or understand, and what we call miracles are no more than this—they are the results

or effects of causes hidden from our understanding.

MANNA #&l tfmaJbujUL Irfhiistfidu

PENCILED AND PICTURED

BY JACK SEARS

buzzed around so thick most of the populace thought them just another swarm of crickets swooping down upon them.

Keep your ear to the ground.

Just as soon as a good idea has hopped into your ear, be sure to

FIRST WE MUST keep it locked in the brain cells.

SOMETHING HAVE ABOUT. There are several ways to do this. TO WRITE

IDEA AN IS SURE Some writers prefer to stick their inHELP. TO

dex finger into the ear opposite to the one by which the idea enters the head. Automatically the idea becomes indexed upon the mind and

cannot escape.

is his proanother asks bookUncle Sam is responsible, in a out even a thread of an idea. At a social gathering someone how for prodthe continued way, tip. Here's best a very The way discovers everygressing. one Soon of uct thousands amateurs of is to the to get idea a story knock

is sort of present doing one some to write. awith urge an When iron wall, against or rock a an head writing. of amateur Thousands office at tenthe postwriter appears the pole. idea wish, bigger you The for recognicrying writers are out pet, his the very submittingderly greater the distance should the you tion. is: out,first chirps clerk the thing obstruction, the stand from away

"This manuscript is first class."before charging head downward upRejected manuscripts of amateurs

Nice of the government, and shows are stacking up faster and higher that such clerks live up to their civil than the government expense.

service! Besides, it encourages an Writers must live, yet they cannot

amateur to be told his stuff is first eat their manuscripts. Publishers

class when he knows a lot of mail can't stomach them, either. Much

is rated second, third, and even of the vast sum spent by the govfourth class. ernment each second just to keep

With the truth bared to publishers wiggling along—it has been sugregarding this behindtheir-back gested by a publisher—could better

stunt that Uncle Sam is pulling, perbe used to buy manuscripts of haps they can right the wrong reamateur writers, and then burn garding this wrong writing. To the them. Rejection slips have often

amateur writer let it be understood, furnished enough paper for amateur these suggestions are full of tender- (Concluded on page 357) ness; so much so that all the hardened pencils employed have completely broken down, several times.

Where one writer goes down and bites the dust, caused by the whack of a rejection slip, scores of new writers arise. Most amateur writ- A TOP STORY MUST

ers know they must be as persistent PENSE.HAVE SKYHIGH SUSas a sparrow to succeed. So, they

decide to be as persistent as a flock on it. Here is a chance for an amof them. ateur to use his head to advantage.

Idea No doubt you have heard frogvoiced or fisheyed people say that "piRST, one must have something to the air is literally alive with suitable write about. An idea is sure to ideas for grand stories. Upon superhelp out considerably. But should snooping you will find such people

you lack an idea, remember countare old timers. They were thinking NOTHING LIKE A GOOD,

less stories have been written withof the good old days when stories SHARP CLIMAX

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941 9/l Old Wkxiao By FLORENCE PIERCE A GROUP OF VISITING CHURCH By H. Alvah Fitzgerald

MEMBERS PHOTOGRAPHED FRONT OF THE L. D. S. CHAPELIN Director, Ephraim L. D. S. Institute

AT SAN PEDRO, MEXICO. Tn a recent publication entitled Church-

}. Sects L. es Christendom, by and of of the ample broadening

is following statement the Neve, made enlightening effect the and relative to of concept the Mormon its has Gospel upon memto- "Early tended Mormonism God: bers. thrift their Through

later, Unitarianism, through but ward industry, and they were downright anthropomorphism, became able to build and pay for polytheistic."

little this beautiful chapel its this statein context, read When in a short comparatively is the evidently intended auby ment time. Saints Indian The

rather to primthor a represent low and of Pedro San we whom itive similar Deity. Several of concept neat met clean, were and

Fromchale,aboutwe windsea levelin andat outTamuzanalong a onwelltheirdressed,happywithfaces,intelligenceexemplifyingbeamingin wellknownappraisals havewritersappearedin discussingrecentlycomby paved highway of many curves, every deed the change wrought by the parative Christian beliefs. They indicontinually rising until we reach an eleGospel in their lives both physically cate that a widespread misunderstandvation of eightytwo hundred feet. and mentally as well as spiritually. ing exists among Christian ministers

Many times we are above the white Our party also visited the beautiful and laymen concerning this subject.

clouds and looking down from our dizzy valley of Cholula, situated about sevenSince faith in God and devotion to an heights, view the tropical paradise bety-five miles southeast of Mexico City. overruling superhuman Power are the

low us. Green, fertile farms dot its level surforemost distinguishing characteristics

For hundreds of miles, the mountain face, and interspersed among them are of religion, this misconception of the crests are fringed with trees, giving innumerable low, round hills which may true Mormon belief greatly influences them the appearance against the blue prove to be unexcavated pyramids. the total estimate of its message and

horizon of being edged with green lace. Once the center of the great Aztec standards.

At many points the mountain peaks empire, Cholula today shows little of Polytheism implies a belief in more seem to meet and blend into a hazy the might and magnificence which she than one god, usually many gods. As

mass; especially is this true of a spot on enjoyed centuries ago. From a populaused by Mr. Neve, historians, and authe road to Morelia, called Mirador tion of three hundred thousand people, thorities on world religions, it is inDe Mil Cumbres or "Lookout of a it has diminished to a small village of variably considered a characteristic of

Thousand Peaks,"where one gazes in no commercial importance. At presprimitive religion. It carries many conrapture on a sea of peaks and nothing ent it is particularly noted for its many notations of low religious practices and

else. gorgeous cathedrals, three hundred superstitions. These may be grouped

categories: first, general several under All the sixtyfive mountains of Mexico are and for each of them—one

staof aweinspiring nature worship vegetation, withverdant being cultithe year. the day of These replaced

vated to their very tops by the Indians, temples built by the ancients, which tionary objects such as mountains, canwho tend their little patches of corn were destroyed by the Spanish conyons, trees, and fetish objects; second,

and sugar cane with meticulous care. quistadors. One huge handmade nature worship of action, potent with

Sometimes the farms are located on mound escaped the general ruin and benefit or destruction, including wind, such steep slopes that the laborer needs upon its summit a great church was waterfalls, volcanoes, storm, fire, and a stick or cane in one hand to support erected by Cortez in 1564. lightning; third, worship of animals and

him while he ploughs or hoes with the We visited this church, which after their images, such as the cow in India other. The natives of Mexico are a nearly four centuries of use is still in and Egypt and the lion in ancient Asburden-bearing nation. We saw men, an excellent state of preservation. syria, also bird and beast totem pole

women, and children bent over with However, the pyramidal foundation itworship of the American Indian; fourth,

loads much larger than their own size. self claimed our most interested attenpaganism, which marks a distinct adLittle boys and girls carry their baby tion. Its sides have been partially unvance over sheer nature worship. This

brothers and sisters strapped to their covered, disclosing stairways of uncut group includes the gods of Greece, backs all day long, day in and day out, stones and cement by which the top Rome, and early northern Europe, such and yet they are a happy race. Their of the pyramid is reached. We passed as Zeus, Apollo, Mars, Woden, and

faces are wreathed in smiles and their through the main underground entrance Thor. These gods were granted human

eyes gleam with expectant anticipation by means of a tunnel about two hunform but they possessed the common when accosted by tourists. dred yards long, and a perfect network characteristics, virtues, and frailties of

One day as we sat in our parked car, of narrow passages led us in every diman. They quarreled among themselves

a little Indian girl carrying in her arms rection in this subterranean space. At and took sides with human beings in

her younger sister, stood at a respectful various intervals the original ancient rivalry and conflict.

distance and eyed us with longing looks. stairways, hidden for centuries, are beModern writers, having these primWe handed her a chocolate drop, thinking disclosed. At one point a stairway itive concepts of polytheism in mind,

ing certainly she would eat it herself, of one hundred and twentyfive steps attach them to the Mormon doctrine but with a smile she gave it to the leading upward and twentyfive going of Deity. In reality the Mormon concept

smaller child and as a reward for her down have been found. Here and there of God is wholly opposite to this inunselfishness she was given another small carvings of serpent heads are to terpretation. It is monotheistic in the

for herself. be found upon the interior surfaces, sense that it recognizes unity, purpose,

A group of our Latterday Saint Inand these, together with the cement and design in the universe to the highdians living in San Pedro, a small vilformations of the pyramid, link the est degree, but it insists that this unity, lage which is a short distance southwest ruins of Cholula with those of the great purpose, and design is administered by of Mexico City, are an admirable excement city of Teotihuacan. (Concluded on page 377)

OLD PETER: A CELLO UNLESS THE HEART CAN SING A MAN AND A CHILD IN A WOOD

By Lucile Jones By Eva Willes Wangsgaard By Alex R. Schmidt

P>eepthroated the green, grass so saw NEVER do they do, who have no God to and sweet is Peter's voice, What *- tall, thank, and strong. trees big so and I The

With steady tones he tells of tender When brookcool morning air would stimuNo stranger wood was ever seen things; late By any one at all.

And when I touch Old Peter's vibrant The grass to singing, and the orchards bank strings, Red, scented sweetness on the earth's full I never knew the woodfolk ran

He pours upon the air a flood of song. plate? A household in a grove,

He sings to me of things forgotten long And wiser than the wisest man,

The melted sunlight of a pool he brings, What do they think, who have no thanks Found time to court and love.

The downy droop of soft, brown birdling to give?

wings, Who never know the feel of hearts that I never knew the woodfolk met

And wistful daisies in a hillside throng. burst In council and in talk

etiquette, and Of budgeting With gladness for a golden world? Who

I love to be with Peter, all alone, live, the hawk. how to fool And

the pale, at of the edge feel somber When sky Yet last at has its flaming found sun The thirst? deep no burning thanks—no heart- I never heard a wind go by

goal On a leafrustling way And when in every liquid, throbbing tone, How do they come to meet a turquoise day, Until a threeyear-old and I

In every languorous, mellow, human sigh, Who have no gift of gratitude to bring? Linked hands the other day.

Old Peter speaks the ages from his soul. Joy cannot grow unless the heart can pray;

God's voice is stilled unless the heart can sing.

HANDS PASTELS By Irma Dovey A WORTHY RETRIEVE By lvvin L. Warnock

T Jow beautiful they must have been, By Marian C. Smith Sunsets are poetry,

** hands! His clouds, Written gray on dull to feel akin T the earth today

I see place them gently flaming pens. Him gold and With

the sod envelops And thought my little children's the on heads, * though today, human how their see and long will it Moonlight is music, smiles of welcome For be for trusted friend. trilled a Quietly on the harp of night, Ere I the soil join with and be naught? strong lovers His meet. handsHow When

to the hold and the saw, hammer flesh reject Would roots? my Would my to the help Birdnotes sturdy are fisherman etchings bones remain whole

in his nets! plates draw of the copper dawn, On frame? As would my I cease Or to be

lifted I see etched them high twilight's tinted mirror. on Or In all, substance at and mingle myself

to blessing a wish a just to As mould nourish a tree?

all brilliant on hearts sunrise weary summer A

How kind they were! I brood of the matter and shrink at the Is color set to music,

How tortured at the last thought. With dewdrops dancing rhythmically.

when, pierced and torn, Then I rise—I am filled with relief!

they bled upon the cross "A soul is eternal"rings loud in my heart. And a starflecked dome of blue

How limply at His sides they hung Such comfort is wrung from belief. Is a brilliant filigree,

when grieving comrades Wrought by the Master's hand.

took His body down! Unworthy I am of the miracle, yetWhat power that through the years One soul—what a precious retrieve!

they are uplifted still And though earth shall reclaim this flesh, I invoking blessings know on us all! Heaven my soul shall receive. WHAT IS YOUTH

By Edna S. Dustin

APPROACH OF SUMMER TWILIGHT youth, my child, is dawn with Why,blushing cheeks, By Kathrya Kendall By Anna Johnson

With sunshine smiling through her petaled is * I 'he twilight hours lips;The spring which came so gently, now

gone. * Are cooled with shadows Her opening eyes viewing the distant peaks

She lost her last sweet petals from the trees And covered with cloud patterns, And tracing white plumed clouds with

Just yesterday. The apple boughs at dawn Etched in the colors silver tips.

Were silken clouds of bloom, until a breeze That drip from the setting sun. The fresh laugh of the breeze is in her voice,

In playful mood shook every petal free. Hills fade in the silver mist She rides the wings of dawn with faith

They lay like fragrant satin on the earth Of the soft gray sky, sincere

While spring resumed her journey leisurely And a flower nods by the lily pond Into the noonday sun; and without choice

To raindrops'patter and the soft wind's Where the placid lake lies dreaming. Twilight with magic wand is standing near.

mirth.

Need she to fear the twilight if she seeks the springtime she heraldedBut knew hills, gayly over come summer wouldWhen time REFLECTED GLORY ToWhenkeepwrinklesa vigilwatchetch oftheherdimplesdesires? in her

Come marching to the cadence and the By Thelma Ireland cheeks, rhyme She will be young, with faith that youth reOf bolder music than the Maytime spills; A rainbow arches overhead quires.

For summer hours complete the spring's * With gaudy stripes so slender. Youth is the dawn whose opening eyes seek

array The lake is jealous of the sky, far

By adding fruitfulness to flowers of May. So tries to steal her splendor. To climb a moonswept path up to a star.

HUHurcKloves

Distinguished GroupHonorssGPresident Grant

Personally presented by William M.

Jeffers, president of the Union Pacific Railroad Company, a life membership in the Union Pacific Old

Timers'Club was awarded President

Heber J. Grant at a dinner held May

10 in the Hotel Utah in Salt Lake City

HIS NEWINSPECTS GRANT PRESIDENT guests, distinguishedattended many by SERVICE—OF HONORABLE BADGE EST

miles had come many UNIONof whom IN THE OF MEMBERSHIP to be A CARD present. The presentation was more PACIFIC OLD TIMERS CLUB.

than a recognition of President Grant's twenty years as a director of the railroad; it was a sincere tribute to him

as "a great American, Church stalwart, civic leader and old associate, and as a considerate neighbor and a true friend."President J. Reuben Clark, Jr., one

of the speakers, characterized President Grant, now in his eightyfifth year, as "a man of practical wisdom, having a grasp of sober, hard facts, yet posDr. Franklin L. West, Church comLondon Looks to Salt Lake kept faith has which of devotedsessed that announces of education, missioner Planning For Model Representing his to close Maker."him will be seminary school high a new rebuilding the of in terms Herbert HpHiNKiNG Governor state of Utah,the to be Idaho, St. Anthony, in built

in necessary of will the London that example be stated * whichB. Maw fall. ready by

cities war, after present influenced life the other had Grant'sPresident and him in his own career. New Records Replace Harold F. Shepstone, F. R. G. S., has

( LonMrs. Grant and Mrs. Maw were Old Membership Forms contributed to Armchair Science

among those present at the honor bandon) a descriptive article on Salt Lake quet. T akingbershiptherecordsplace nowof allin otheruse, amemnew CityMetropolis,"titled "ThewhichWorld'sis reproducedBest Plannedin

is inaugurated being by system of Disissue Science and the the June Gift ReceivesChurch office. cards Bishop's Two city's the to attention Calling covery. Cherryof Japanese nearly the each of Trees Presidingwill out for be made Shepappearance,"Mr. "parklike

'T'he gift of Salt Lake Japanese862,000 members of the Church, a green stone relates the part Brigham Young * Americans, twentyfive Japanese card to be sent to the office of the played in laying out the "home of the cherry blossom trees were presented Presiding Bishopric and a white card Mormons,"notes Temple Square and to the Church recently and planted on to be filed alphabetically in a newtype drinking fountains particularly, and

Temple Square. The trees are like binder for ward records. The master pays tribute to the philosophy and prothose, now famous, planted nearly cards in the central office are to be gram of the Church as they have extwenty-five years ago at the national brought up to date as changes take pressed themselves in the "farseeing

capitol. place in the status of members, such and bold manner in which the city was

as ordinations, patriarchal blessings, planned."

excommunications, missions, sealings, Gets CollegeWeber Saints Hold Pacheco marriages. and of ReligionInstitute Services Commemorative moving from a of persons Records

the office of Prethe to sent are this ward found of year a morning eduin the Church addition *P asterVTewest are *-* they where from Bishopric, siding seventyfive Latterday of band Institute will an be system cation will which ward, the to forwarded new in at Pacheco Colonia gathered Saints in the established to Religion beof informacomplete available then have of Chimountains Sierra the Madre school a College, ofvicinity Weber residents. the incoming concerning tion to commemorate Mexico, huahua, in and 1889 the Churchfounded by blessed children for out are made Cards to leading 1885, the year since events in state of the Utah to overturned sysbaptized. new converts The and settlements of founding the Mormon former Woodruff, D. Asahel1933. of need makthe former eliminates tem of organization the in region the and Price, Escalante, at teacherseminary membership. certificates of out ing earlier of Descendants Stake. Juarez serve called to been Fillmore, hasand

Saints thus the to Mexico, pioneers will institute, which of the directoras Branch Church to Open enpioneers, themselves are gathered next building in by quartered a newbe in Canal Panama flourishing in once a rebuilding Zone gaged westcenter onfall, such the thirteenth

First the program the attending colony. R. Ivins of Also Antoine "Older college campuses.ern

Dublan. and Garcia friends left from during were of Seventy Council offer a fourfold program: *-"'Institutes

religious instruction, social and athMay for the Panama Canal Zone, A project has been assigned the letic activities, worship services, and where, under appointment of the First Aaronic Priesthood of the Pacheco counseling aid. More than three thouPresidency, he expects to organize a Ward to erect a marker at the spot

sand students are now enrolled in the branch of the Church. Members of in the valley where services were held,

twelve present institutes of religion, the Church living there are chiefly con- a valley already dotted with the evithe first of which was established in nected with military service and dedences of a former civilization. From

Moscow, Idaho, in 1926. fense projects. a report by Joel H. Martineau.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Post Created to Serve nursery but in the main ships shrubs,

Welfare of Army Trainees seeds, and trees from commercial nurseries conveniently located throughout

HTo look after the religious and sothe west. Complete landscape and

cial activities of Latterday Saint sprinkling system plans prepared unmembers now in army centers on the der the direction of Irvin T. Nelson,

Pacific coast, Elder Hugh B. Brown, Church landscape architect, are furnformer president of the British Mission ished free upon request.

and a major in the Canadian Expeditionary Force during the World War, Dr. A. E. Morgan Comments

has been appointed special coordinator on Welfare Program

Presidentto with Henry work H. '""Phe salvation of America following Mission, California of the ChapBlood

lain C. Clarence Neslen of the Utah the war will depend upon community development as found in Utah other armyNational and Guard,

as fostered stated Church,"by the serviceschaplains in arranging and and

Dr. of E. Arthur Morgan New York,consultations. Elder Brown left May former of chairman the Tennessee Val1st to in Glenheadquarters make his

ley Authority of president former and California.dale,

Antioch College, who visited Salt

Chapel in Virginia ofLaketherecentlyChurch andWelfaremade Program.an investigationWith ERNEST C. ROSSITER

A chapel formerly used by the Knox Elder Richard R. Lyman of the Council "PERETITENI NO TAHITI'

** Presbyterians has been purchased of the Twelve, Dr. Morgan attended

by the Church for the Norfolk Branch, North Davis Stake quarterly conferPresident Appointed to

Virginia. The building is located at ence on April 13 to see "on the ground Tahitian Mission

the corner of Llewelyn Avenue and working of the Mormon system."

C. Rossiter, manager "pLDER Ernest Street. of theTwentyeighth Members

of the in Salt Hotel Square Temple sons or Elder Widtsoe to Address *-'in the armyChurch who have navy based near Norfolk, important University Graduates Lake City since 1930, has been called seaport and military center, should into preside over the Tahitian Mission, form them of the chapel's address. pLDER John A. Widtsoe of the Counnow under "Free French"rule, whereElder A. B. Strickland is branch cil of the Twelve will deliver the live some 1500 members of the Church.

leader. baccalaureate sermon June 8 in KingsElder Rossiter, scheduled to leave San

bury Hall as one of the principal Francisco on May 23 with his wife and

Beautification Work speakers for the University of Utah's fouryear-old son, Ernest Terry, sucFeels Spring Impulse seventysecond annual commencement. ceeds Eugene M. Cannon, who reElder Widtsoe is a former president turned last December, when missionHpRUCKLOADS of trees, shrubs, and of the University. aries were recalled.

the Rossiter presided over President toseed, of flowers, bags lawn and to 1915 1920 mission from and same for planting, blueprintsgether with filled to to mission a 1904 France from sent to over one hundred beenhave AIR THE CHURCH THE ON the States 1907 to 1907, from Northern as of the part west throughoutwards presas to to returned 1908, France and to programs be heard in beautify chapels tothe program there 1925 mission ident of the from the include the month Phurch during the Since section of Church.every has a he Since to 1928. 1935 been regular the broadcast of Taberhas there conference,April general

Salt high the of Stake Lake member nacle the Choir over naCBS for landscaping greatbeen demand to mission his earlier council. During tional network morning Sunday plans. Plant expertsmaterials and and

first the Rossiter compiled Tahiti, Elder a. to S. m., T., 9:30 from 10:00 M. architects are cooperating,landscape English grammar. Tahitian and the and evening Sunday hour Beautification thethrough Church Committee, with wards in an effort to have originating with Station KSL in

Latterday Saint homes and chapels Salt Lake City from 9:15 to 9:45 Wards Receive New Bishops

mirror the high standards of the Church. p. m., M. S. T. Lewiston Third Ward, Benson Stake,

The Church operates an evergreen Ralph V. Baird succeeds Myron C. Wiser.

Trenton Ward, Benson Stake, J. Archie

Cottle succeeds Archie J. Harper.

Powell Branch. Big Horn Stake, Ivin

Lynn succeeds Eugene Christiansen.

Wellsville Second Ward, Hyrum Stake,

Heber P. Murray succeeds Evan H. Bankhead.

LaCienega Branch, Inglewood Stake,

Phillip H. Hurst appointed.

Mona Ward, Juab Stake, E. Alton Ellertson succeeds John S. Nielson.

ASSISTANT CHURCH HISTORIAN Arco Ward, Lost River Stake, Alton L.

ANDREW JENSON, WHO, AT NINEBraithwaite succeeds Ira W. Boyer, Sr.

TY, SEES HIS LIFE'S WORK OFF Superior Branch, Maricopa Stake, EdTHE PRESS. (See page 351.) ward Pengilley succeeds Milton W. Cluff.

Ogden Third Ward, North Weber Stake, Jesse Hyrum Draper succeeds Myron

D. Richardson, deceased.

Nanakuli Branch. Oahu Stake, Norman

W. Torgerson succeeds Robert L. Worley.

Oxford Ward, Oneida Stake, Ernest A.

Olsen succeeds Lawrence W. Farnsworth.

Preston Fourth Ward, Oneida Stake,

Horace S. Baugh succeeds Jacob N. Larsen.

(Concluded on page 350) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941 with him for over forty years in the

The Church Moves On sheep industry.

(Concluded from page 349) L. D. S. Student Rates

High Honor at Stanford Hatch Ward, Panguitch Stake, Joseph

E. Riggs succeeds M. H. Barnhurst. /eorge B. Jackson, Jr., son of Mr.

Monrovia Ward, Pasadena Stake, V-* and Mrs. G. B. Jackson of KenilUlysses S. Kunz, succeeds Harold F. Coleworth, Utah, has been elected student

man, deceased. body president at Stanford University

Stake, Branch, City Carson Reno distinc1941-42, Ray for the an unusual year

B. Jensen appointed.

tion. the first nonfraternity was He Stake, Branch, Portola Reno J. Lawrence Cook appointed. candidate in nine years to win the

Sparks Ward, Reno Stake, Elmo P. election. A former Carbon High School

Humphreys appointed. student, George is a member of the

Westwood Ward, Reno Stake, Wilford leading debate team at Stanford and is

W. Snyder appointed. an honor student. He is studying law.

Southern Arizona Binghampton Ward, in Kenilin active the Church He was appointed. FrancisStake, Webb in capacities gobefore various Stake, worth Southern Arizona Bisbee Ward,J.

Gussie R. Hardt appointed. Photo courtesy Homer N. Kitchens. ing to Stanford.

Douglas Ward, Southern Arizona Stake, BISHOP HAROLD GUNN TURNS THE FIRST

Ether Haynie appointed. SHOVELFULL OF DIRT AT GROUNDBREAKApril 27, 1941

Southern Ward, Pomerene the Callis of CounCharles Elder A. Arizona WARDING CEREMONIESCHAPEL. FOR THE NEW GARVANZA

appointed. ErnestStake, K. Hatch cil the Maplededicated of the Twelve

Southern Arizona Ward, St. David Springville. Frank chapel, ton Builds Chapel Ward Garvanza appointed.Stake, Glen G. Goodman

is bishop. M. Jensen Stake, Southern Arizona Ward, Tucson of waiting and years A fter eighteen

appointed. B. PyperLeRoy "saving, determined Garvanza Ward Southern Arizona Whitewater Ward, in Joseph L. Wirthlin, Sr., Passes located Stake, of the San Fernando appointed. Ivins LorinStake, Dillman

Grant Ward, South Los Angeles Stake, Highland Park, Los Angeles, is at last Joseph Wirthlin, Sr., 73, of Salt

Norman L. Jacobson succeeds August A. getting its chapel built. Groundbreak- Lake, father of Joseph L. Wirthlin

Hjorth. ing ceremonies were held on the site, of the Presiding Bishopric, died April

Alamo Ward, Uvada Stake, Melvin H. Avenue Fiftythree and Lincoln Street, 28, 1941. He was a former chairman of

Leavitt succeeds Marion K. Stewart. February 2, with nearly one thousand the Salt Lake county commission, a

Yellowstone Wilford Ward, attending. Trail of the Stake, people Oregon charter member

Earl B. Romrell. succeeds RomrellRulen the director of Association, Eldon Overlaid, second counselor to Memorial

Bishop Harold Gunn, is in charge of Utah Pioneer Trails and Landmarks

Roll Call of Missionaries construction work, which, typical of Association, one of the three life memReleased in April wardbuilding projects throughout the bers of the Salt Lake Chamber of Comis in active partly being carried numerous civic Church, and on by merce,

Salt Allen, Lake; California: Lloyd J. developments, and enterprises, mining labor. volunteer NordWeston N. Utah; Hal Murray,Stephen M. Bennion,

in merchandising. gren. ranching and P. Utah; Hurricane, Claude Bradshaw,H.

Burton, Afton, Wyoming; William D.

Cornia, Woodruff, Utah; Stirl L. Empey, April 17, 1941 South Davis Stake Presidency

Taylorsville, 65, of Bennion, Parley Taber, Harding, Idaho;Pocatello, Norman

first counformerly Tingey, E. Wesley Barbara, Harris, Santa Cokeville, former A. Utah, and David Wyoming,Canada;

to succeed selor, appointed been has Murray, Jones, LarueCalifornia; Thelma the of councilor high Cottonwood the of president as E. Winegar Thomas Barnwell, CanMcMullin, Albert R.Utah; in inlivestock the leader a Stake and Franklin Stake. D. Ashdown South Davis Idaho; Boise, William Packard, R.ada; Dee died. of brother dustry, a was He counselor, released and second as has been Falls, Blaine Idaho; H. Phillips, IdahoP. First the of Bennion CounSamuel O. E. Burns B. Elijah and Gregory James Smith, Utah; G. Smithfield,Smith, Hyrum

cil counselors. associated had been of Seventy and named new Idaho. Boise, Ardis Wilson,Salt Lake;

Central States: Claude W. Grant,

Sandy, Utah.

East Central States: James R. Blaser,

Elko, Nevada; Mark T. Hatch, Woods

Cross, Utah; Earl T. Pearson, Duchesne,

Utah.

Eastern States: George F. Swenson,

Logan, Utah; Richard F. Thorley, Cedar

City, Ntah.

New England: Wesley L. Clark, St.

Anthony, Idaho.

Northern States: Joseph F. Ahlander,

Provo, Utah.

Northwestern States: Douglas McQuarMISSIONARIES LEAVING FOR THE FIELD FROM THE SALT LAKE MISSIONARY HOME

rie, Hyde Park, Utah; Earl M. McRae, Salt ARRIVED APRIL 21, 1941—DEPARTED APRIL 30, 1941

Lake. First row, left to right: Carl Wayne Clements, Ruth Clayton, Jessie Thompson, Joyce Peart, President Don

Peterson, Chelsea Lois Jay Olsen. Colton. Gardner, May Arco, B. H. Boyer, Fred States: Southern Donald Cleverly, Merna Kunz, Marie Lund, Doris Nielsen, Moeller, Henry D. Selin, row: Werner Second Murray, Erekson, M.Idaho; Vaughn Astle, C. F. Ward. Moss, John Dean Mary

Mildred C. Kidd, Ralph Bowen, Nelson, Harris, Joseph Thelma M. Halgren, Delbert Leon G. row: Third Fairview, Hoopes, WyoUtah; Wilma

Noel. Shallbetter, Hill. J. Morris, A. Chadwick Ernest Raymond Idaho; Preston, Larsen, Clayton M.ming; B. George L. Gardner, A. Anderson, Lee Dale Wilson, E. Berrett, H. Gibby, Wendell Dee row: Win. Fourth Utah. Logan, Niederhausern,Muthan R. Twelves. Lyon, Richard Elvin Poulson, Robert George H. Brommett,

Haslam, R. Douglas Kerr, Glen R. E. Wall, George W. Flint, Eldredge, Leland Emeron Fifth James row: Utah; Vernal, Goodrich, Orlo Texas: Taylor. J. Glenn, Birtcher, Barnard Harold N. Franklin W. Hymas, Utah; George Ogden, SylvesterBert Olsen, L. L. Duncombe, O. Marble, Larsen, Eldred C. Sterling Sparks, Cooper, Dayle E. WayneSixth row: McCoy W.

L. L. Holman. L. Barton, Roy Bushman, Morris Bloomington, Idaho; Thomas J.Patterson,

Bernards, Marvin J. Fjelsted, Wm. Jay Read, 0. Hugo Le Neal row: Grand M. Seventh Crowther, Edward Idaho;Summers, Ririe, Gold. Eliason, Joel R. Lincoln J. Quentin Andrus, Jenkins, Keith White, Don

Blair, Merrill C. S. William Brewer, Harold L. Dowdle, R. Glen Christopherson, Salt Huffaker, row: Eighth Robert G. States: Jane Western

L. McAffee. Jack Tripett, G. Walter David C. Klemm, Orme, Utah; Leah Logan, King,Lake; George M. Price, D. E. Farr, Garth Alma M. J. Evans, Norman Thatcher, David Clifton Scott, Robert row: Ninth

Ririe, Idaho; L. Mabey, Donald Lovell,S. Jr., Evans. Dale John Wolters, Fred Argyle,

Oakley, Idaho. Tenth row: Finn B. Paulsen, Grant E. Burns, Harold R. George.

HifBooETtacB THE SOUL OF THE UNIVERSE proteins, carbohydrates, and fats? What Jenson, ninetyyear-old assistant Church

the crowning indigeshistorian, completed has constipation truth the and about (Gustaf Stromberg. David McKay is

life. of his from significance of "hardenis the tion? Condensed achievement What 1940.) Company,

fifty of hereditary? the arteries"? ing of volumes manuIs cancer eight hundred

of existence the meanand mystery history, to or cure canscript of them handwritten, prevent done most can be WhatThe ining always life have of selfmedica- seventysix of human the are dangers the nine hundred page book cer? What

trigued humanity, learned or unlearned. tion? Dr. L. L. Dairies, Dean of the School represents many miles of travel, long hours

Here, a man of profound and accurate of Medicine, University of Utah. of patient study, and the perusal of countscholarship applies the findings of modern less records, many of which are now no

science to the solution of this ageold probENCYCLOPEDIC HISTORY longer accessible. On his first tour around

lem. In his exploration he draws freely OF THE CHURCH the world, Andrew Jenson endeavored to

upon the facts of physics, biology, and (Andrew Jenson. Deseret News Press, secure as many of these handwritten recphysiology. In rapid succession, he collects Salt Lake City, 1941. 976 pages. $5.00.) ords as he could and bring them back for

evidence from space, time, matter, gravisafekeeping in the Historian's Office. Nutational and electrical fields, the mechanical Tn his Encyclopedic History of the Church, merous branch, ward, and stake histories

aspect of life, heredity and genes, the origin * which appeared early in May, Andrew (Concluded on page 364) and development of life on earth, the relationships of mind and matter, and the development of the human mind.

He concludes from his research that man has a soul which is "indestructible and immortal"; that "the surface of the planet

Earth seems to be a place for the breeding and the incarnation of souls."These "souls"

as they consciousness""cosmicpossess NOW READY! with God,are in constant communication

the cosmic soul, the cosmic will.

It is altogether refreshing reading. And

lucid that is written the in a style so book M.I. A. Reading Course Books the author the follow layman may easily

in his journeyings among many abstruse conceptions of science. Indeed, for the

readeraverage be used it may as an introfoA, 1W42 SSMM*L scientific theories.duction to modern

The one weakness in the conclusion is EXECUTIVES "Lincoln, Man of God"that the indestructible and immortal soul, John Wesley Hill Special Price $1.75

as an individual, though it has no end, had SPECIAL INTEREST "Healthful Living"a beginning. That seems strained. CerHarold S. Diehl 2.75

there tainly Saints Latterday would differ "For Glory"This My the author.with

2.50 Bailey Paul earnest seeking high motive and The

running through this book are to be admired "Cumorah's Gold Bible"greatly. More such studies are needed in our E. Cecil McGavin 2.25

the Colonizer"Young, B. Hunter.happygo-lucky day.—/. A. W. "BrighamDr. Milton

LIVINGHEALTHFUL 3.00

(Harold S. Diehl. McGrawHill Book M MENGLEANER "The Improvement Era"

Latterday Prophet"EXPLORER "The 1939. York,Company, Inc, New

..50 George Q. Cannon Edition. pages. $2.75.) 499Second

JUNIOR "This Is Freedom"of Preventive"author, Professor

Nelson 2.00THE Rhoda

Public Health, Medicine and and Dean

Stories"of SCOUT "Pioneer at the Universityof Sciences Medical 1.00 Preston Nibley revised completely has an earlierMinnesota,

volume. In the "Foreword,"Dr. Morris BEE HIVE Builders, "The Blue Willow

Fishbein, editor of the Journal of the Amcr Doris Gates 2.00

ican Medical Association, points out that Gatherers, "All The Days Were Antonia's"this book gives "all the advice that anyone Gretchen McKnown and needs regarding exercise, rest, diet, weight Florence Stebbins Gleeson 2.00

diseases, the of specificcontrol, prevention and, of death,"causes onand the these Guardians,Marjorie"TheKinnanYearling"Rowlings 1.29

is upto-date, "thesubjects, competent, most and reliable book now available."MoreBee-Keepers

over, the book stresses especially the above Reference Book, "Pioneer Stories"points, and many others as they apply to Preston Nibley 1.00

the adult individual. The author dedicates

the book to those "who prefer facts to fads, sanity to superstition, understanding to be- C/uit Owi, ift ShopLlief."To those who wish to keep "mentally

alert and physically fit"this is the sort of Besides BOOKS, we have a marvelous selection of distinctive book which "tells just what one ought to GIFT ARTICLES for Weddings, Graduations, Anniversaries, know, not for selfmedication, but for an Holidays and other special occasions.

ofintelligent understanding what is good ALSO a charming assortment of Greeting Cards for every is in the light bad for himand what of occasion. knowledge."medicalmodern

Here are some of the questions answered:

How can I avoid many of the complications "after forty"?supposed to come What do DESERET BOOK COMPANYscientific tests the treatment prove about

of colds? How can I choose a physician 44 East South Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

and what should I expect of him? What

should I know about vitamins, minerals, diioiiai diuhfL S. WtdLdu would say, "we must help them."He knew coniDulon S. Wells, Senior President of the First ditions in foreign lands and was eagerly helpful to

Council of the Seventy, was a kingly man. those who had gone down to the sea and sailed

His physical presence was impressive. It was across the ocean for the Gospel's sake. He had

good to look at him. In his later years his wellthe spirit of the true bishop. Many loved him.

proportioned body with its crown of whitened Bishop John Wells was a splendid represenhair, made him a notable figure. Strangers turned tative of the great body of converts from foreign

to look at him. lands, who have been of inestimable service in the

A similar impressiveness accompanied his official Lord's Latterday cause. Without him and the

and social contacts. There was a kindly deliberamany like him, remnants of the house of Israel,

tion and dignity in his speech, and absence of the Church would be poor indeed.

all, It the the he loved Gospel. Above joy was frivolity, his though remarks often were permeated

life. it,"his said I touch "Wherever he day, one with a sense of humor. as spoke one He

its feel who of"I glory."salt of the of Wells John was offered truth. unquestioned listeners The were A. W. led to solid ground. the earth. He gave savor to life.—/.

His majesty rose to its greatest heights in the firm simplicity of his faith. He taught the first

principles and ordinances of the Church and seemed 'e have lived to see the time when most of the to say: "Learn these practice all and them; then live their of children our Father lives from w will be well with you."a There sublime was hearts, with with threatening heavy day to day certainty in his acceptance of the Father, the God their the uncertainty fear danger, of with haunting

Christ, Lord Jesus the divine mission and of Joseph in sleeping hours, of physical the midst and waking Smith. His well so that faith was anchored anguish, doubt want, mental sorrow. deep and Of the fled. had

billion, million children two of hundred two our all, he gained Above the had of selfsur- power in life Father in the of walk Heaven ways who to render the Latterday of cause the Lord. a Of this are, the greater part day, our or been have vigorous, race, determined in his strong he was in the actually past, recent technically at or war, desires. convictions and But, the of when word of those comparatively and thus few have who divine authority came, could in he clay as be the

far escaped, millions daily are witnesses of many Potter. of the hands could the be used Lord, He by

its ugly, threatening closer, shape, some more some a leader devoted the was He Seventy among distant.

of the of their Church God. understood high He

this then, public unto the add pertragedy And toiled commission, in their behalf. and dreamed He grief sonal all worries and disappointments and of of the every day Seventy when would magnify

all the of the earth the of and men burden sorrow his calling special eagerly teach and the Gospel to spirit appears as such be of crush the would to the world. Seventy the throughout The Church

it this fails is mankind. do, to But there because cherish his teachings. should

His life spanned the past and the present sojourn yet abroad upon the earth sufficient faith in the of the Church in the Great West. It was therefore ultimate triumph of good, sufficient confidence in

good to hear him speak of the days of his pioneer the eventual accomplishment of justice according boyhood and the battle of the people with the to the purposes of God, our Father.

desert. And he bore tribute to the nobility of the Thinking of life in terms of any given moment

it a founders of the Church and the continued divine or any given day or any given year might give leadership of their successors. somber, disappointing character. But thinking of

in ceaseless terms of a march achievement toward President an was man. uncommon

limit, into He withoutit worlds end, without in pursuit did in other his work countries Germany, Wellswell—in of vast too to knowledge be exhausted, with hope of Europe, America, South stakes of Zion, the and

His was a lovable personality, a loyal soul, a powertoo real to be daunted, and purposes too profound light of ful teacher of the Gospel. All who labored with to be understood here and now—in the

him, loved him. Such a life might well be emusuch things to be realized, the difficulties of the

lated by all.—/. A. W. moment become secondary, and the certainties of

the future overshadow the uncertainties of the

QohrL U)$lL&u present. To those who are discouraged with their own

Tseful, loyal, and dependable was John Wells, lives, or with the outlook in general, we cite the long a member of the Presiding Bishopric. example of a prophet of God who was young and

The Church gained much from his labors. Exact who loved life and who thought his lot was hard

and orderly, yet human and understanding, he and who complained of those experiences which he gave life to dull routine and necessary toil. The had been called upon to pass through, and unto

creative gift was his. Behind his every act was him, the Father of us all gave this word: "My

the unwavering faith that he was in the service son, peace be unto your soul; thine adversity and

of the Lord. He felt himself but an instrument in thine affliction shall be but a small moment; and

the divine hand; and it was his concern to keep then, if thou endure it well, God shall exalt thee

himself shining bright for the Lord's use. on high; thou shalt triumph over all...."(DocHis heart was tender. He was generous to the trine and Covenants 121:7 and 8.) And such is

widow and the fatherless. Those in distress found our message to all who are weary in walking the

easy access to his sympathies. "Poor souls,"he ways of life. R. L. E.

upon the meaning of the marriage ceremony, and not upon distracting outside features which charEvidences and acterize a wedding in an elaborate social setting.

Such concentration of the soul upon the covenants entered into and the blessings promised, becomes areconciliations joyful, happy memory incomparably sweeter than that of the usual rush and show of a wedding outxxxviti. Why-. WIduuu ml J/ul side temple walls. Lovely in its simple beauty and

JsumfdsL? deep import is a temple wedding.

There is ample opportunity after the ceremony

TVarriage, the most important event between in the temple for a reception simple or elaborate birth and death, is a first condition of life's at which friends may gather to congratulate the happiness. Therefore it should be entered into couple and to wish them happiness.

with the greatest care. A companion for life should 3. It tends to insure marital happiness. Expebe one who lives righteously, to whom abundant rience has shown that temple marriages are genlove may be given, and who can be respected in his erally the happiest. There are fewer divorces

daily walk and talk. Likewise, the marriage coveamong couples who have been sealed over the

nant should be of such a nature as to help create, altars of the temple. This is shown by dependable

build and maintain daily happiness. As the days statistics. Today's views of marriage are notably

are, so all of life will be. Wealth, power and fame loose; yet no person with a decent outlook on life

are beggared in comparison with the joy that comes will enter the marriage state as an experiment.

from a happy family life. Life's happiness is made or marred by marriage.

The Church offers the privilege of marriage in Divorce does not return the individuals to their the temple as the foremost means of establishing former condition. Scars remain. Hasty weddings

and maintaining happiness in the households of and the easy divorces that follow menace individual its members. It is a privilege beyond compare, and common welfare. When the integrity of the

which every prospective bride and groom should family, the unit of society, vanishes, and family seek and use. The conditions are such that every relationships are held in disrespect, society is

person may fit himself to receive this privilege, so headed for disaster. The deliberation that preearnestly coveted by true Latterday Saints. cedes a temple marriage, the solemnity that accompanies it, and the power that seals and blesses

Here are nine brief answers to the question, it, form a bulwark against many evils of the day.

"Why Marry in the Temple?"The temple marriage hedges about, and keeps in-

1. It is the Lord's desire and wilt. The temple violate, the happiness that of right belongs to the

is by divine decree the place where marriages should married state.

if possible be performed. Marriage is of such 4. It permits the association of husband and wife

crucial importance in life that it should begin with for time and for all eternity. The essential diffull obedience to God's law. Love is the foundaference between temple and all other marriages is

tion of marriage, but love itself is a product of law of the greatest consequence. In the temple, and

and lives by law. True love is lawabiding, for the only there, the bridal couple are wedded for time

highest satisfactions come to a lawabiding life. and eternity. The contract is endless. Here and

Moreover, true love of man for woman always hereafter, on earth and beyond, they may travel includes love of God from whom all good things together in loving companionship. This precious

issue. The proof of our love of God is obedience gift conforms to the Latterday Saint belief that

to His law. Besides, life is so full of problems that existence in the life after this may be active, useful,

the married couple should from the first seek the progressive. Love, content to end with death, is

constant favor of the Lord. A sense of security perishable, poor and helpless. Marriage that lasts

and comfort comes to all who are wedded within only during earth life is a sad one, for the love the temple. They have obeyed the law. They established between man and woman, as they live

have pleased the Lord. As lawabiding citizens together and rear their family, should not die, but

in the kingdom of God they have a special claim live and grow richer with the eternal years. True

upon divine aid and protection. Conformity to love hopes and prays for an endless continuation

the practices of the Church always builds happiness of association with the loved one. To those whoin life. Marriage should begin right—by obeare sealed to each other for all existence, love is

dience to law. ever warm, more hopeful, believing, courageous and

2. It is in harmony with the sacred nature o[ fearless. Such people live the richer, more joyful

the marriage covenant. Temple marriages are also life. To them happiness and the making of it have

more in harmony with the nature and importance no end. Dismal, dreary, full of fear, is the outlook

of the occasion. They are performed in an atupon love that ends with death. The youth of the

tractive sealing room, especially dedicated for the Church dare not forego the gift of everlasting purpose. The ceremony itself is simple, beautiful, marriage.

and profound. Relatively few witnesses are pres- 5. It provides the eternal possession of children

ent. Quiet and order prevail. There are no exand family relationship. There is yet an added

ternal trappings to confuse the mind. Full attenblessing. Children born under the temple covetion may be given to the sacred covenants to be nant belong to their parents for all time and eternity.

made, and the blessings to follow, covering the That is, the family relationships on earth are convast period of existence. The attention is focused tinued, forever, here and {Continued on page 381)

nuniinjl LAST MINUTE MOOSBY elsie. CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

WILD GREENS IMPROVE THE FAMILY DIET "HERE'S THE Truly fine, digestible milk.

SUNSHINE Borden's offers the added By Dorothy Hetbst

YOU NEED IN advantage of being a Utah JUtosT rural and smalltown housethrough and product to recognize enough wise keepers YOUR DIET!"through. them, use they see pot herbs when good

at least one or two mildflavored wild greens to vary the family diet. Even

in large cities where it is impossible to gather them in the yard, there is a brisk

Borden's "home"is Logan, demand for dandelion greens. New

where the milk is evapoYork City, with its large foreign popurated and irradiated with lation born in countries where food is the sunshine vitamin D. taken seriously, buys these delicious

You'll find the Borden label salad greens by the carload and gladly "at home"in most good pays the cost of getting them to market.

stores. note Utah a Make

in this large a Naturally, demand to several today. cans buy the country of the area makes populous

cultivation of dandelion greens neceswestern housein the East, but IF IT'S 73o?djWV4 sary

usually secure an adequate can wives

IT'S GOT TO BE 600D amount to increase the needed iron and

Vitamin A content of the family diet by stepping out to the front lawn. Many

of them know and use one or two other wild greens. Some know as many as

fifteen useful additions to the menu furnished exclusively by Mother Nature. Few dream, however, of using

stinging nettles or Russian thistle; yet

these pernicious weeds, taken when two or three inches tall and cooked about ten or twelve minutes, or chopped and creamed and served on toast, are fitfKSCU recommended as both valuable and flavorsome.

Lamb's quarter and pigweed are very commonly used as pot herbs.

Perhaps this is because they are mild in flavor and available all summer.

When very young, the entire plant is tender and succulent. At a later stage,

the leaves alone are used. Wild mustard, greasewood, dock, and wild lettuce are other common wild greens

easily found and valuable for food.

The young shoots of showy milk- < DDMPilMCS Theyweed areresemblecut whenasparagusfour or fivein flavor.inches

All from tall and cooked like asparagus.

stock farmer has had who To a this might seem milkweed, one package! poisoned by -( if that already did not he strange know MAKE MEALS BISCUIT thetity damageof this weedis doneeatenbybythestockhugethatquancan MORE INTERESTING! find no other food. The milkweed conin tains is wholesome a chemical which

in half readymixed with Cur your work it quantities cannot be although small

Flour. Biscuit It makes so many J0S1 ADOHCUIO \|(jl< "Al"Globe in large assimilated amounts. safely

good things quickly and easily. At all grocers. csfr %?& B-2 This explanation, now advanced by

the United States Department of AgriTS-'culture, has supplanted the theory that safety of the plant for food depended upon its age. The Pawnee, Winnebago, and Omaha Indians have always

known this, for they eat the small shoots, the clusters of buds, and the BISCUIT FLOUR firm green fruits. Only the tiny plants

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

10inch SizeHoming Styled by are recommended by our nutritionists INEZ DONOV as likely to appeal to family appetites.

The need for caution cannot be overlooked by the housewife who is eager to balance her family's diet by the addition of a variety of leafy greens. Unless she already knows the plants that

are recommended for food, she will need to spend one summer studying the desirable ones. Then she can expect

to know them in the succulent stage of their growth. The Utah Agricultural

Experiment Station, located at Logan, INDIVIDUAL

Utah, will send free to any inquirer a valuable circular (No. 104) which gives

pictures, descriptions, and methods of cooking wild greens found in the RockyMountain region. s#zz&"/%zir With a family that has not been acit greens, to wildcustomed may be adGenuine California Pottery!

mildflavored start the tovisable with varieties such as pigweed, lamb's quarter, and showy milkweed. Later, the Ies!—You'll prize these smart, new plates;

stronger flavors can be introduced, breathtakingly lovely in their exclusive deeither alone or in combination with the sign and their rich "Mat White"color! And,

mild ones. they harmonize perfectly with your other

The same rules apply in cooking tableware wild greens as for spinach. Wash Discover the deliciousness and the economy

to every thoroughly very removethem They're tuna. of brands these famous

grit, bit only a few of of them and cook tender the only because favorites, America's little in water.minutes very

light meat is packed. Contain Vitamins "A"

and 6 labels from and "D"and Iodine, that effective prevenChicken of the Sea tive of nutritional goiter.

Brand Get six cans today at your grocer's. There

tuna preparing of different ways so many Style Tuna are Grated will be for used Hints Payment Handy to serve...you'll.. want cold and hot. both event publication. the In dollarone upon Star Tuna! White or love it!. will family your it.. and often submitted, are the that same idea two with

the one postmarked earlier will receive the Send six labels, with 25c in cash, M.O., or check

dollar. None of the ideas can be returned, See outserts on top of (postage stamps not accepted) for each plate you

but each will receive careful consideration. tuna cans for other wish. Simply write "Send me Entree and Salad

plainly. address and print name your and

for oldfashioned long valuable pottery offers Plates"making curtains Inc., Terminal Co. Sea Food Camp Send to VanIN shrinkage possible allow for windows California. Island,

by putting in a large hem at both top and bottom. Hems of the same width both top

and bottom are advantageous for the following reason: when the lower parts of the

curtains begin to wear the weak part can be put at the top where the gathers cover up worn places.

Laundering them can be simplified by arranging them in pairs as they hang at the windows, right sides together, keeping them in pairs while the dust is shaken out of them, and while washing, drying, and ironing them. Hang them carefully on the line,

and fold and iron them before they are quite dry.

The curtains are newer and softer lookiron to easier without so evering and much life of the curtain thestarch, and is in-.DELICIOUS. * SuccessIN Ahead

C. Washington,creased. C. H. D. J., YlatWiaL Jigh&sl

Women who practice washing their white PIMENTO Beauty Culture golden Culture Beauty in the laundry regular underwearrayon CHEDDAR AGED Quishopportunities foroffers first in a thin sack sugarshould tie them to operators. Plan LUNCH trained DUTCH

size. out come 10 or 25pound snowy oldest They in Utah's enroll now

largest school—prepare than is no more the wearwhite and

profitable when andfor successful, a S., Mrs. A. Newdale,done by hand. career.

Idaho. DUISH

When creaming shortening, especially if School of Beauty Culture in the West"Best "The water of boiling tablespoonhard, one add 4-0313?38 Phone So Main, liquid ofto shortening. Use City, Utah Salt Lake

lessin the recipe, one usualtablespoon.—Mrs.amount for Fill in coupon new

Preston, Idaho.L. W., E. Retailer's ICE BOX illustrated catalog.

(Concluded on page 356) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

1 1 cherry gelatine package in water. Homing cupDissolveboiling in a Mold deep 34 inch

(Concluded from page 355) shallow pan. Fold 1 cup of whipped cream

into 1 cup of cooked salad dressing. Arrange fruit in large cups of lettuce. Cut

the salad dressing. fruits. Top with jooks r Cofiier gelatine with fancy cutters and put over Cocktail Mermaid

By Barbara Badger Burnett 82 artichokecans mincedheartsclams,choppeddrained

Fresh Strawberry Pie Yi cup mayonnaise 134 cups water or fruit juice 12 pimiento stuffed olives cup catsup 34 cup sugar Yi together the mayonnaise, catsup Mix cornstarch 5 tablespoons lightly clam the with mix juice. Then salt and teaspoon 34

ingredients. in other cocktail glasses. Serve juice 1 lemon

1 butter tablespoon

1 cream Campfire Cheese and Pickle Sandwiches cup whipping 1 box strawberries Spread rolls with butter and a thick layred coloring er of cheese. Cover the cheese with dill

1 pie shell pickles cut lengthwise. Fasten together

Bring the water or juice to the boiling with skewers. Place on toasting fork and

point. Mix the sugar, cornstarch, and salt hold over hot coals, turning often until

together, and add to this the boiling water. cheese melts.

clear, stirring thick conand Cook until Steak Sandwiches Hot Campfire the coloring enough to make Add strips, into broil steak then Cut over in the pink 15 minutes and cook skillet campfire popper, corn in a a or on fire boiler. the How They Do Grow! stantly.mixturedouble from and Remove

fork. broiling, the longhandled During seajuice cool add the lemon and butter and

salt, well with pepper, son and Worcesterthe pie shell of a Cover bottom Tom and Susan run and play slightly.

the Place sauce. steak hot buttered on filling the into of shire with layer drop it a and Till time to bed; to go rolls slice of onion with a a sweet and is filled. until berries. shell the Continue

just the pickle. But they keep growing Chill cream. top with and whipped

same Fruit Salad Creamed Dried Beef With Mushrooms

Because they eat good bread. Combine and chill thoroughly: and Noodles

2 cups diced pineapple Brown 34 pound of dried beef in 2 tableTheir mother knows what's good 2 cups diced peaches spoons butter. Sprinkle with 4 tablespoons

for them. 1 cup diced pears flour. Stir until the flour browns. Add 1

1 can And they both think it's 1342 cupslarge stonedsliced bananasfresh cherries ofcanchickenof creamnoodleof mushroomsoup. soup and

grand That tasty Royal homestyle loaf.

The Royal B-l brand.

It has the flavor you'll enjoy.

The taste that satisfies;

And when you try it toasted You'll get a new surprise 1.

B-l yeast. vitamin high with Made

this in vitamin the TO HELP YOO PLAN important Contains equivalent of 450 International Units per pound. '4f/

EVERY DAY FRESH TRAVELWISE Americans are fast discovering a grand GROCER'S AT YOUR of kind new vacation—an EXPENSEPAID by airTOUR CO., VITAMINV BAKING WHITE "JD. ROYALSalt Lake and Ogden Pacific It's conditioned Union SuperCoach! everything 100% HomeOwned MeaD American 100% perfect a vacation is to be. ought Your entire trip planned

in advance, exactly the way you want it—itinerary, hotels,

sightseeing tours, transportation and all. No worry about

road maps, hotel reservations, or other petty detaih.

i 1 1 It You're FREE to enjoy every thrilling minute... yet it actuWE Oi A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE ally costs far less than any other way to travel. Send

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest TODAY for free information on carefree vacation tours to Catalogues

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention every part of this amazing America!

UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah S P H

utah, * South "V* L "iy N lDANCEMADEPROGRAMSTO ORDER

Any shape, size or design at low prices. We

have many styles you may choose from. Write

for samples and prices.

union pacific stages 100OVEYTicketsPhone$1.25—50030617PRESSfor $2.50 IE 641

25 East North Temple Salt Lake City

r##* Manna for Amateur Writers

. {Concluded from page 345) Doerica'syour Prtvast*n de10YEAR A1 *"ff supply adequate

vegetates,t/A/COAfD/T/OA/AL writerstery story—ato finishmysterya booklengthto the writermysthrifty*"fruits,

did he it; a mystery to the pub-. how

it. lisherGUARANTEE.. did he why a*e sure JB *?Z *,

ON COMPLETE One should keep his story well in

REFRIGERATING SYSTEM hand. Should it get away, do not

worry. It will be back—maybe not as straight as the crow flies—but

straight between the eyes, which is plenty convincing.

Suspense CHARMING 6 A story must have suspense in big TEASPOONS gobs, in the same sense that tor only 50 trousers on a thin man must have suspenders; or the Brooklyn Bridge,. v o TTerr "Selfmust have water under it to classify

it as a bridge. Tops The result of dynamic or t ton..

conflict is suspense. any At times from a new 2 Kerr 'mason

writer will hit upon a sequence that Cap Cartons..- rJ"F JARS

is really strong in suspense. Then

when it comes to the final sequence leaves he it unfinished, and the story i..r Meri den, Conn.

is left dangling, and absolutely nothing done about it, until a humane 1.trl* 1*"-

it editor cuts the down. Thus, by BUY <A&Vl MASON JARS and CAPS TODAY editor's fine is work, suspense made

certain.

The average writer is full up and overflowing with suspense, the kind he gets as he impatiently waits, waits, and waits for a publisher's verdict on his work. That's what

we call unbroken suspense. But

when the story comes back home to roost, all broken up and wrinkled, with the postage removed from inall Different from others side to outside, all plastered and up like flavor. salads "I to have some my

slips, with rejection that I appetite sharpened, dulled want my is what we flattasting salads. PARTS TO NO MOVING by Add call broken suspense. salads eat watch TANGnot! Give your and me meto IN FREEZING SYSTEM WEAR cole nice trout."slaw with mountain

PERMANENT SILENCE "Shear"Practice withVegetables,N alley'smarinatedOld Fashioned French Dressing

CONTINUED LOW amateur writer makes headway are delicious. OPERATING COST ANby sheer practice. Among

seasoned writers, especially editors,

SAVINGS THAT sheer practice means to practice PAY FOR IT with a long, sharp pair of shears; to 1&H4}

cut out most if not all of a story. THE 7>4AJj*tDRESSING

This usually makes a far better story, and keeps a pestering writer engaged as well in a most useful labor.

Some publishers are doing away with rejection slips. Instead, they

are sending to the amateur writer, along with his rejected story, a pair of shears. A note somewhat as follows accompanies the manuscript:

Shear practice is a noble art, t Tuna

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY JustAnd startwhentoyou'vework oncut anyyourpart,story through, THE TOP GRADE PACKED 2 WAYS:

Your GAS Company Start on yourself, we beg of you. FANCY SOLID PACK or READY GRATED

IN STARKIST'S MODERN SUNLIT PLANT..

iMelchizedelTPriestliood CONDUCTED BY THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH, CHAIRMAN; JOHN A. WIDTSOE, JOSEPH F. MERRILL, CHARLES A. CALLIS, AND SYLVESTER Q. CANNON

Rules For Mental Health Temple work has been found a means of petition which would be sent to our developing increased interest in other quosenators and representatives at the NaIS activities. following excellent said that the rumTt tion's capitol their for asking supportA 5. activity atChurch not only means health rules for received ten mental bill the prohibiting of social liquor and tending meetings but observan everydayfirst in prize conducted a contest by the in vice or training near our army of of ance the Lord. the commandments of Medicine:Cleveland Academy camps."6. the of try should committee Members

1 Have a hobby. Acquire pursuits which to be wise, tactful, diligent, and divinely This is an excellent thing to do. We

absorb your interests. Sports and nainspired in the discharge of their duties. hope even before this issue of the Era

field similar petitions reaches that the best. ture are This of Brother Penman's summary philosophy. will a 2. Develop Adapt yourself to have gone from Washington

its talk for is given here in sugvalue social to spiritual surroundings. and stake, district the in every ward, and

gesting to and committees ways means 3. Cultivate thoughts. Share your comChurch. panionship in thought and in feeling. of other quorums. A sincere desire to

Confide, confess, consult. perform a duty, guided by divine in-

4. Face your fears. Analyze them. spiration, will always indicate the way. What Price Alcohol

ghosts. dismisses Daylight

5. with Balance fantasy facts. Dream, Tn his book What Price Alcohol, Dr.

but also do; wish, but build; imagine, Robert L. Carroll says: "What albut ever face reality. NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO cohol does to the normal wellbrained

'6. Beware alluring escapes. Alcohol, CAMPAIGN man or woman may be serious enough,

opiates, and barbitals may prove faithbut its depredations are ghastly in the less friends. lives of the mentally inadequate."

7. golf; Exercise. muscles swim, Walk, Campaign Among the Dr. Louis E. Bisch in the magazine

activity. need Aaronic Priesthood "I tell wrote: Life, Your that you you is 8. wisely. but love a flame Sex Love

never can whether can be know you uncontrolled scorch; propwhich may for the campaign of nonuse HThe drinker. alcoholic a moderate The light it will erly guided, of the torch A liquor the and tobacco among of Bellevue insane wards asyeternity. and the

9. Don't become engulfed in a whirlpool Aaronic Priesthood, sponsored by the lums throughout the world are crowded

is Presiding Bishopric of the Church, help. for of worries. early Call with that took men and women who

full in operation. Melchiin time. hopeful. now The 10. Trust Be and it, identical oath. Before they knew

is great a zedek Priesthood Time well quorums may A patienttherapist.—From them."it got

[or Better a Formula of this Life—An vigor, for Way the encampaign watch alcoholize; safe! Don't play Peter Informal Chat You, by With thusiasm, thoroughness with and which

Kemp; a pamphlet. the it on. will carry features boys These Alcohol Takes Heavy Toll will of the serve as suggescampaign

Church Service Committee tions to the men. ""Wight, Illinois, March 29—The

Isaiah's of This a reminder be may annual of nonaccidental number James A.President Penman figure in of the beautiful of he speech which in deaths alcohol which an imwas

of Elders, North* Fifth Quorum little child prophetically, says "and a portant factor the exceeds combined

Stake, subject talked on theWeber shall lead them."total malaria, fever, due to typhoid and

the Service committee Church"What in diphtheria the to according the U. S.,

its in activity increasecan do to quoGirls I. A. alcoholic research the of M. of department

rum''at a recent Priesthood meeting of Keeley Institute.

the stake conference. He made the folrpo the field, as many of you know, It is also estimated that alcohol figlowing points: has been sent a beautiful, illustrated ures in one out of every five traffic acfolder, the sponsored General by cidents. this In 1939, to amounted is to find the of committee 1 The duty A., of which Y. W. M. I. than 5,000 deaths of males, acmakes more to Board for theopportunities members quorum

render service. In doing this the com- a valued contribution to our abstinence cording to National Safety Council

mittee itself is rendering important service. campaign. It appeals strongly to young figures.

2. But to do this well the committee should women. Outstanding statements are Associated Press dispatch, March

secretary, chairman, with a a these: organizedbe 30, 1941: has evidence Ample been

necessary, as are deas membersand many scientific investigators, accumulated Loveliness, Health, have by you Would size the the the of quorum andpending on

Spiritual Intelligence, Grace? Efficiency, officers courts enforcement to and to do. of groups workamount Quorum

for the stand Clean Then that drinking alcoprove those Life—Shun similarly organized.should be drivers—even efficiency, for they impair hol tobacco, and their in sysor only with drink a two 3. specific the stated following to be He will retard spiritual growth, power, weaken lessduties: or dangerous more tems—are lessen popularity.

list at a. of a hand keep quorum drivers, lost To for quickthey have some

or members. group ness of of perception conspeed and illustrations are given and Arguments

activities the b. Church know To trol. small even slowed a be up statements. To these of to member. each fraction for of danger. a second makes congratulate the Young Women Wesupport c. the report to presidency the names To

drivers drinking they never But it fine know give their contribution and on nonactive of members.

d. To get acquainted with members, a hearty welcome. have been slowed up. This is one

learning of their interests and desires. reason why they are dangerous.

the quarterly jouraverage is the reason This why a safety e. To note atWhy Not All Do It?

at various Church of members tendance nal statement: published the following

meetings. (See requirements of quorum Tn a letter received from President "Safe drivers don't drink. The driver

roll books.) Aridrink or two'is with of the worst the Northern 'just a Hansen * L. M. of the report cause f. To this occurs: every "In hazard."not should District sentence inactivity zona Why there of each member. be (should any)

4. Going to the temple, at least occaour monthly Leadership meeting the drinking driver forfeit his license to

sionally, was recommended to members. group assembled voted to draw up a drive?

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 19 4 T

An Ignoble Experiment \7hen"v liquorPresidentback to Rooseveltthe U. S. broughtA., he

HOUSE AND ITS its A MODERN FARM that the old promised saloon with

BUILDERS evils attendant return. not would Today there are 437,000 liquor shops in This house was built largely by

America, when we had only 177,790 in the quorums of the Priesthood of North the old days. Logan Ward, Cache Stake, Utah, for

Priest. a fellow High of the Members President us to understand gave The

also family on the house. worked

that repeal bootlegging, stop but would when Secretary of the Treasury Morgenthau was asked by reporters the other day if repeal had solved the bootleg problem, his reply was: "Repealsales."—Thehasn't even Outlook,made a dentCincinnati,in illegal

Ohio. This concrete foundation of the

house in North Logan, built by the

Forest Fires and Smokers members of the Priesthood quorums, "HPhe United States Forest Service wasthe completedhouse was onlyfinished.four months before

1 reports that 42,857 of the 172,000 forest fires in the United States during

lighted dropped who—persons1938 were caused by careless smokers

matches or the at work harvesting his crop of sugar room house was continued during;he burning tobacco on

ground, or out of car windows as they beets. Soon after, other men and teams summer at intervals when the farm

drove along the highways."went to the same field and willingly did work was not pressing.

Smokers may be rightfully charged the fall plowing. Although the project was started by

with many delinquencies, resulting in The Elders fattened weaner pigs and the High Priests, they were assisted an aggregate enormous damage to when the hogs were ready for market, generously by the Elders and also by property and serious infringement of turned them over to the Church store- a number of boys of the Aaronic Priestthe rights and liberties of nonsmokers. house. hood. The parents, two sons, and four

Perhaps most damaging of all their The major project, that of building the daughters all assisted with the work doings is their example to the youth modern farm house shown in the aclathing, shingling, interior painting. Alof the land. companying picture, was undertaken though our ward is small, consisting of

by the High Priests in behalf of a only about eighty families, there were worthy member, who, because of ill fortynine boys and men ranging in age health income, and low unable to years, was from to eightyeight twelve acPROJECTS QUORUM proceed the with building. tive in project. the

Doing? is Your Quorum What Early in the spring the bishof It 1940 a family happy was and grateful

opric gave this man the lumber from an that moved into their new home about old church building which had been torn October 20, 1940. The members of

San Juan Stake 125th Quorum down. On May 14, a number of men the Priesthood who have assisted in

of Seventy Reports and teams hauled gravel for the foundathese various projects have felt the tion; other men built the forms, mixed spirit that permeates the Church Wel-

( Concluded from page 344 and poured the concrete for a basement fare Program, the spirit which inspires nearest temple is over three hundred twentytwo feet wide by thirtytwo feet all to live the second great commandmiles distant. One of the recent and most in length. ment—"Love thy neighbor as thyself!"successful activities ever conducted by The building of the modern, five-—Victor E. Israelsen.

the quorum in this connection was a week excursion to the Manti Temple of all the seven presidents and their wives. Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, July, 1941

blessings to the council, the feelThe Text: Priesthood and Church Government. loveings fellowship, of brotherly and

cooperation stimulated in this splendid (See also supplementary readings, problems, and projects below) activity cannot be calculated, but all of the presidents were agreed that this LESSON LV ing on worthiness

Patriarch Office of ordination The 2. Appointment and bytrip in the to they a temple body, where

275278) 21, Chapter First (Read pp. sustaining Presidency and cares, freespent responsi- a from week of I. Interpretation "patriarch"term vote of necessary Church

bilities, the troubles, personal and was a. tribe 3. of family or Call of Head Smith Hyrum

finest experience yet enjoyed in the 1. Scriptural instances

service 2. of this quorum. Father of family today b. Powers124:9193.and duties: Doc. and Cov.

(a) Is patriarch to own family 1. To administer blessings to memNorth Logan Ward Reports (b) May bless posterity in own bers of Church anywhere

A mong the worthy projects sponsored byright:fatherpatriarchalhighly desirableblessing 2. AsadministerHigh Priestin otherempoweredoffices asto

""by the High Priests and Elders of b. An evangelist: patriarch to the appointed

{See Supplementarythe North Logan ReadIII. Local patriarchs: Doc. and Cov. 107:

1 Ward during the year Churchings No. following: are the 391940 for the fatherless 1. Proxy

a. Appointed as "evangelical min- 2. the For blessing Church as Jacob of the help Seeing his farm, at need

isters"the by Twelve his blessed sons threshed grain stored themembers and b. instructions Receive from Presiding II. the to (PresidPatriarch Church The

illfor in Priest the hospital. a High Patriarch Patriarch) ing

Another member was sent to the hos- a. Appointment: Doc. and Cov. 124: c. Function restricted to stake or mispital just before beet harvest time, and 9193, 96, 124; 107:40 sion in which they reside

soon a number of men and teams were 1. Right to office inherited, depend- ( Concluded on page 360

..

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Melchizedek Priesthood c. Promote1. Coordinatewelfareactivitiesof Seventiesof SevBishopObtain inbriefthe Churchfaithpromotingsince its organization?biographies

(Concluded from page 359) enties of them.

3. 2. as Distinguish well as stake General Authorbetween Serve and ward limited d. blessing Sealing powers and

is ities interest Officers. the particular General and What patriarchal blessings to formal

of the position of the auxBoards General patriarchal for receiving projects: Conditions IV. Problems and iliaries? with they cooperate Show how

1. the blessing Invite of presidents of a one

officers in the administrative and ward to a. of to give Available Seventies'account worthy member an quorum stake.

b. to activities: needed: are be they and Recommendation what quorum how is 4. the In Welfare Church what ways president the stake and endorsed are conducted. explain they by him Have expression of "the philosophy a Program president stake, to (or mission of the relationship and bishop ward, quorum

is that itself"? as old as the Church Show leader) First the Council. branch and

orexisting auxiliary Priesthood and how is 2. c. First from should the Blessing sought be actually Quorum Where

is its ganization to carry used being out patriarch presiding posiof the stake Explain Seventy?

the "creative purposes. are aspects"What First Presidents. tion the of Seven more As projects:Problems and the of program?

organized. needed, are they be quorums may 1. received yet not those have For who

one, obtaining a patriarchal blessing might What has been the most urgent need rewell become the project of the month. It cently?

will be an aid to faith and strengthen quo- 3. In what way does the First Council Supplementary Readings

form a flexible fellowship.rum administrative aid to the For Priesthood and Church Government of the Twelve. 2. Invite one of the patriarchs residing Quorum

in your stake to speak to the quorum con- 4. Show how the unique organization of

cerning the nature of his calling. He can a quorum of Seventy is particularly suited 1 While the elders were assembled in the

probably relate faithpromoting experiences to the nature of its calling. printing office on this occasion the Prophet

and bear a memorable testimony. gave the first patriarchal blessings in this

3. Who have held the office of PresidLESSON LVII dispensation. It was his privilege to do

ing Patriarch in the Church? Obtain brief The Presiding Bishopric and this, for he held the keys of all the aubiographies of them. Who is acting PatriGeneral Officers thority in the Church, and was spoken of

arch to the Church today? Explain his (Read chapters 23 and 24, pp. 283291) as the first patriarch in the Church because

position. 4. In what sense is the head of a family a I. Theof AaronicPresidingPriesthoodBishopric as presidency ofat thatthis fact,time. inThosethe minuteswho receivedwhich wereblessingskept

patriarch? a. Descendant of Aaron entitled to under his hands on this occasion were:

of father the mother and Oliver Cowdery, office of Presiding Bishop if worthy LVILESSON brothers, his of three the Prophet, Hyand First Presiordained be 1. Must by First of Seventy CouncilThe Oliver Smith. William rum, and Samuel, dency chapter 279282) 22, (Read pp. Priesthood the of keys held Cowdery, who 2. be accepted Church by Must

of original of Seventy also a quorum number the Prophet, gave I. The with (See b. Priest ordained Properly High may

Sen., Smith, Readings Supplementary blessings. No. 2) patriarchal Joseph function with counselors

a. Calling and early organization: II. Other duties of Presiding Bishopric was ordained to the Patriarchal Priesthood,

9397 107:34, Doc. and Cov.

ministers under 1 Traveling direc- a. AdministerChurch temporal affairs of ofto allholdthethememberskeys ofofblessingthe Church,on thethe headsLord

tion of the Twelve 1. Receiving and distributing agents revealing that it was his right to hold this

2. Presided over by seven presidents under Trusteein-Trust authority. (Joseph Fielding Smith, Essenchosen from the quorum 2. Care of financial, statistical rectials in Church History, pp. 168, 169.)

(a) Chose other Seventy ords 2. The organization of the Seventies in the

(b) Subsequent quorums pre- 3. Maintenance, erection of builddispensation of the fulness of times began

sided over by first seven ings on the 28th of February, 1835, when, acpresidents b. Hold jurisdicition over duties of cording to the History of the Church by the

b. Subsequent history of first quorum: ward bishops in cooperation with Prophet Joseph, "The Church in council

Brigham Young's account stake presidents assembled, commenced selecting certain in- 1. the of first Presidents number Seventies from to be be tried before First Presidividuals quorum re- c. May

Presidents with as First Zion me in main went up to of those who dency (a) Constitute the First QuoIII. General Authorities and General Ofthe camp (i. e., Zion's camp)... to berum today ficers: a distinction gin the organization of the first quorum of

(b) Direct the presidents of all a. General Authorities have presiding Seventies, according to the visions and

the Seventies and Priesthood functions revelations which I have received. The

2. Other members of first quorum b. General Officers are administrative Seventies are to constitute traveling quobecame heads of quorums of aids in special calling of a churchrums, to go into all the earth, whithersoever

Seventy later organized wide nature the Twelve Apostles shall call them."-

3. First Quorum today an "acting IV. General Officers and their calling (B. H. Roberts, The Seventy's Course in

6.) quorum": p. can be called up and a. Historian's Office and the Church Theology,

the Gospel unto all fully organized preaching 3. While Historian

II. Jurisdiction and duties of First Coun- b. Department of Education and the nations is the special business of the Twelve

cil (See D. 6 C, Sec. 107:33 and 34) Church Board of Education and Seventy, it must not be thought that

a. Preside next to the Twelve c. Church Auditing Committee that is the only function which the Seventy

b. Direct quorums of Seventy through- d. The auxiliaries and the general may discharge. As on occasion the High

out the Church under direction of boards ( advisory, not executive auPriests and Elders and members of the the Twelve (See D. & C, Sec. thority ) Lesser Priesthood can be used to assist in

107:93 to 98) 1. National Woman's Relief Sothe work of the foreign ministry (Doc. &

c. Organize other quorums as needed ciety Cov., Sec. 84:106111), so also, when at

d. Approve selection and make ordi- 2. Deseret Sunday School Union home, and not engaged in the special work

nation of men to office of Seventy. 3. Young Men's Mutual Improveof their calling, the Seventy may be em-

e. Meet weekly in the temple as a ment Association ployed in the home ministry, and assist the

Council 4. Young Women's Mutual Imstanding ministry in the wards and stakes

III. The First Council as an administrative provement Association of Zion in perfecting the Saints and edifyaid (See D. & C, Sec. 107:22 to 26) 5. Primary Association ing the body of Christ until they shall all

a. Third highest presiding council e. The Church Welfare Program: use come unto a unity of the faith and the

b. Commissioned representatives of of existing organizations except for knowledge of the Son of God, "unto the

the Council of the Twelve. (See the General Committee (See chart, measure of the stature of the fulness of

D. & C. 107:38.) p. 290 in the text) Christ."(B. H. Roberts, The Seventy's

1. Perform special assignments Course in Theology, pp. 1617.)

( See Supplementary Readings Problems and projects: For Lesson LVl see especially the folNo. 3). 1. In what ways do the Presiding Bishlowing: B. H. Roberts, The Seventy's

2. Supervise extension of stake opric administer the temporal affairs of the Course in Theology; Joseph Young, Sen.,

missions Church? Organization of the Seventies; Seventies'

3. Conduct stake conferences 2. Who have held the office of Presiding Handbook o[ Instructions.

HaronitTPriesthood

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

The Aaronic Priesthood wasact ofsmittenofferingwithincenseleprosyinwhilethe holyin theplace.very inritesIsrael,becomeand soestablishedfirmly did thesethat abominablethe temple

His son Jotham succeeded him. Under was closed and the law of Moses was almost

Fifteenth in a series of articles Ahaz, the next monarch, the worship of forgotten by the people."The worshipers

written by the late Elder Orson F. Baal was established and the people greatly of God were persecuted even in Jerusalem;

Whitney of the Council of the corrupted thereby. Hezekiah, his son, was His prophets, sent to denounce the apostasy

Twelve. Published originally in a wise and virtuous prince and began his and wickedness of the nation, were cruelly

figIsaiah, the Prophet reestablishing of maltreated. worship The by who "The Contributor*"reign

reigns, preceding ured during this the and idols. His destroying all was Jehovah and

"Deturn we now to the kingdom of son697, Manasseh,was one ofwhothebecamemost wickedking in ofB. theC. amongHe is supposedthe first towhohaveperishedbeen sawnas a asundermartyr.A Judah. During the reign of RehoJewish monarchs, the exact antipode of his by order of the king. Manasseh was deboam, the King of Egypt, Shishak I, father. "He restored every form of idolatry throned by the king of Assyria in B. C. 677,

invaded Judah, captured its printhat had ever been practiced in Judah or and carried a captive to Babylon, where cipal cities, invested Jeruhe was treated with great salem, plundered the temple, severity. This seems to have

spirit his and him made to softened reduced the kingdomand for reinstated repentant, being on tributary. of athe position

of on the throne he JudahMany of the people lapsed erted himself to uproot idolatryexinto idolatry. Abijah sucand restore the ancient Israelceeded his father Rehoboam, itish worship. Anon, his son,

and was followed by his own assumed the sovereignty in B. C.

son Asa, a pious and devout 642, and sought to establish idolatry, but bemurdered was of Jehovah.worshiper He

it, fore could he consummate a idolatry withsuppressed his and son destroyed the Josiah treasthefirm hand, replaced idols restored and the temple ures of the temple which had worship. Jehoahaz succeeded

been carried away, and enhim and then followed Jehoiacouraged his people to serve kim. During the latter 's reign

the God of their fathers. He the Prophet Daniel and his

was succeeded by his son comrades were conveyed to

Babylon. off Jehoiakim threw son,Jehosophat, whose eldest his plighted allegiance the to Athaliah,Jehoram, married king in B. of Babylon 602, C.

daughter of Ahab, the idolaand raised the standard of retrous king of Israel, and on bellion. This brought upon him

ascending the throne set up the speedy vengeance of Nethe worship of Ashtoreth. buchadnezzar, the Babylonian

Ahaziah, his youngest son, monarch. Jehoiakim was deto posed his and put death and the mothhim andsucceeded

Jehoiachin in his king made Athaliah, er of the latter, besonstead, but he soon displaced was came queen at his death. by his uncle, Zedekiah. He tooJoash, son of Ahaziah, began EDWARD PARTRIDGE. FIRST PRESIDING rebelled against Nebuchadnezto reign in B. C. 878, with BISHOP OF THE CHURCH zar, and was dethroned and

Jehoida as regent. Idolatry made a prisoner. Then folthe great lowed Babylonian capthe temAaron. uprooted, called of The as God, was was Partridgewas now Edward tivity, predicted the Prophet by the of as referred to "one an repaired, end him and Smithple Prophet Joseph was

Jeremiah, to began prophwho great Lord's of men."peculations the to putwas in the thirteenth esy the of year Parents, Pittsfield, Massachusetts. 1793, 27, October Born been Levites, hadthe who reign of Josiah King conand his of records Partridge. meager Only and William Jemima the squandering of guilty until tinued into he carried was of writings life in the of Joseph available; most are them early the After funds. sacred of his those Egypt by country1829. in to the Campbellite Church convert a Smith. became He

fled a the from men of was Jehoida, Babywhodeath who life his of changed later course the whole was years Two lonian conqueror. ended, Thus counselor, upright andwise Pratt, P. Oliver Parley Kirtland, at Ohio, meeting through

for a period of seventy years, idolatry. into folPeterson, plunged who, Ziba Jr., and Peter Joash Whitmer, Cowdery,

the history of the in PalJews the Indians. to mission revelation, a on were a Damascus, of lowing kingHazael,

estine. 11, Partridge baptized December Smith Edward Joseph his and kingdom attacked the Before expiration that of revelation, a Doc. month River. in same 1830, Seneca The a purchase to him compelled time, however, the agencies were the Prophet. to through Sec. given 36, him Cov., was and surpeace by dishonorable at to their looking restorawork is this: revelation this of "Every essence man may The the of tion to treasures the their the of land rendering nativity. if the will in ministry the with he comply commissioned be

temple, including the sacred Lord's commandments."Cyrus the great, founder of the

empire, MedoPersian captured succeeded vessels. Amaziah the leaders license bishop's twenty of signed by was His

there Babylon in B. C. 538, "and Smith, Oliver including him his of the and Church, his father, Joseph and after Hyrum

the found an oppressed Jews Harris. Martin and Whitmer, was David He Uzziah was crowned Cowdery, son in race, religion he found whose financial transactions, of the Prophet trusted agent in many in B. C. 809. king a considerable to resemblance to others Independence, Jackson and accompanied Joseph

his raised Being own."up and selected, 1831, temple the in Missouri, site was County, when

Uzziah proved a great and was in the darkest of the Missouri mobbings, imprisoned, and inspired of God for that purpose, warlike sovereign. His reign suffered trials and tribulations without complaint. he warmly espoused the cause

of the fallen people, years the land lasted sixtytwo and and was 5, organized, the Stake 1839, October was Nauvoo When of Folunder having prosperous. passed Judea remarkably his at of the died upper he bishop ward. became home He

his of published edict he the sway, King example an lowing in said: 1840. the Prophet 27, him Nauvoo, "He Of May

all to giving close of permission the so Saul, towards who... his for steadfastness of piety a pattern known and his was

career he arrogantly attempted patient endurance to the end."desired to return and build up

to assume the Priest's office, and {Continued on page 362)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

A Remarkable Record

Pocatello Stake Aaronic American Youth Condemn

Priesthood Chorus in Second Alcohol

Successful Year the connection with Tn Churchwide of the outstanding ormusicalAne campaign Aaronic Priesthood among"ganizations of the youth among for the of nonuse quorum members is thethe Pocatello Stake Church LE WHITE ROY CLAUDE liquor will there tobacco, and pubbe PriesthoodAaronic Chorus, apwhich lished in freImprovement The Era at the of thepeared Conference that Priestthe is but rarely Tt Aaronic June suggestions for helps those and

I. is quently in Salt in 1940, A. Lake andM. of department hood ImproveThe fiveminute are preparing public who its in year. successful second Thenow to individuals. devotes ment space Era talks.

photograph printed herewith does not The usual custom, however, is set aside include all members, as some were not The material presented this month in this issue to honor a member of the available when the picture was taken. comes from the American Business Aaronic Priesthood whose record in his

This chorus was one of the featured Men's Research Foundation at Chiquorum, in Sunday School, and in the organizations in a recent musical fescago, which recently sponsored a con- M. I. A. merits unusual recognition.

tival of the Pocatello Stake M. I. A. test among high school pupils over the These are some of the notable feaIts director, H. L. Fawson, and the nation to secure the actual opinions of tures of the remarkable record of

accompanist, Bessie Williams, have deyoung people in connection with the Claude LeRoy White of the Second veloped an exceptionally fine musical use of alcohol. Ward of Liberty Stake since he was

ingroup. Standard Awards Quorum 18, 1934: ordained a deacon March outlined. propositions In were Two since increasedPocatello have Stake at attendance of His record quorum this entering contest the conducted by

is the of which chorus, organizationthe is meetings as a as a Deacon, 100%, selected. either group could be The

credit. least at the of partgiven Priest. as Teacher, a and propositions were:

As a Deacon he filled 110 assign- 1. "I believe that the use of intoximents; as a Teacher, 90; and as a

Aaronic Priesthood cating liquor is as harmful as is taught Priest, 125. (These figures were taken

records, available of from one which in school high School."Sunday and (Continued from page 361)

of contained record assignments no its 2. forty places. waste "I that Between of believe and the use do not filled, giving only. attendance Comfifty the exiles of availed thousand liquor as intoxicating is as harmful

total. is plete this increase records would privilege, this the ofthemselves under and in high taught school and Sunday 11 Since athis old years he was ofleadership Zerubbabel, of descendant a School."at tendance has Meeting Sacrament Palestine. to kings,the early returned Jewish

first effort the to rebuild temTheir been was perfect—100%. great majority of those contestTheple, restore destroyed, had and which been of the held positions he has Some

selected first proposition. ing the offer originalthe worship. made was An other include: Some and accomplishments

inclined liquor to and condone Israelitish were the Samaritans, claimedby who graduation Primary, from Junior and todescent, restoring assist in the opinions. far their frank the them gave By Senior secretary, Seminary; counselor,

it edificesacred sanctuary a and commake to elected majority, defend however, his president of and Deacons and races. to proposal both This wasmon first proposition, splendid the and many Teachers'secretary of quorums, and the linealrejected the denied Jews, by who given. suggestions were the Priests'leader, patrol latter quorum; the thenclaim Samaritans, of Junthe and

made war upon the colonists and succeeded The quotations given herewith inior Assistant Scoutmaster, Eagle Scout in delaying for several years the work they dicate independence of thought, obserwith bronze, silver, and gold palms in had undertaken. The temple, however, vation, and a degree of decision that Scouting; active in drama, Sunday

B. completed dedicated in C. 515.was and services, does great credit to the young people Evening and assembly prothe of favor the PersianThe Jews enjoyed participated. grams in the M. I. A. successors the whomonarchs, to Cyrus, and

labor of colonization proceeded. Claude LeRoy White is the son of

In B. C. 458, a second Jewish colony left Robert W. Crawford, Jr., first prize Claude L. White of the Second Ward

Babylon for Judea, led by a priest and winner, of Philadelphia, cited disgustbishopric, and Annie F. Hansen White,

prophet named Ezra, famous as the coming habits and nuisance actions on the In making this outstanding record, the piler of the scriptures down to his time. street, brawls and fights, destruction of father and mother have not only set the

to the a stop of intermarrying putHe his property, dangers motoring and not right kind of example, but also have thepeople with neighboring nations, a praccar-drivers, also only to drinking but extended constant encouragement.

tice threatened the extinction of the which drinking pedestrians. to summed Recently, special PriestHe at a Aaronic race, instituted other reformsJewish and

in church and state. After him, flourished up his opinion in these words: "I have hood meeting of the ward, presentaNehemiah, who prosecuted the work of concluded that alcohol is one of the tion was made of a special letter of

rebuilding and colonizing to its completion. deadliest enemies of society, and as commendation from Presiding Bishop

(To be Continued) such I want nothing to do with it."LeGrand Richards.

WTeachinq CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

Oliver Cowdery's Description of the Aaronic Priesthood WARD TEACHERS

Restoration A ND if any man among you be strong in the Spirit, let him take with him ** him that is weak, that he may be edified in all meekness, that he may of the the restoration of strong also. becomeAccounts the Priesthood by John Aaronic Therefore, take with you those who are ordained unto the lesser

Baptist, May 15, 1829, were writPriesthood.... (Doc. and Cov., 84:106, 107.)

ten by both Oliver Cowdery and Joseph

Smith. Oliver wrote with more emoSuggestions For Ward Teachers

his of account greater withtion and should people. their in interested actively They should be Teachers Joseph Prophet the feelings thanown the of death. should illness be aware of in visit They times and them account use. by to The wontwas extent their to people such status an of physical, temporal spiritual, and the in published wasOliver Cowdery assistance appropriate at once, reported and distress be want that and may 1 part 834. Advocate, and AMessenger delay. without provided the be to worthy as below, is reproduced this writingof it is revelation, to Teachers assigned duties the by with In keeping Church, the init History appears of the of visit, to each ask formal member a appropriate, making highly where

I:Volume following import: the containing questions family

ever and in mercy, is rich Lord, who The 1. in harmony Are you of prayer consistent the towilling answer associates? a. neighbors and your With him called upon after had humble,the we of the Church? Authorities stake, b. General ward, and With abodes the from aside manner, ferventin a duties 2. attending Church to your Are you

to His us manifest to condescendedof men, a. a member As of midst the as from sudden,will. a On Fast Offering, paying fasting and meeting, each month once Attending

spake Redeemer the of voice theeternity, social functions? in tithing, participating paying ward and

parted and veil the was us, while topeace officer b. an As with clothed down of camethe angel God etc.? council meetings, attending example, Setting proper

looked anxiously the deliveredglory and prayers? to secret attending and family Are you of 3. gospel the of keys and thefor message,

repentance. What joy! what wonder! what

racked world the was Whileamazement! U)wvcL JswudkstiiAl Wjlmxujsl pfc Quh, 1%1 gropmillions wereand distracted—while

all while wall, for the and the blinding as men were resting upon uncertainty, as a MAINTAINING LATTERDAY SAINT STANDARDS ears eyes our mass,general beheld—our for children the to given of Christ of has been Jesus Gospel men rpHE yes, of more day"; in the "blazeheard. As * principles the blessing. are intended of benefit Gospel their and The glitter sunbeam, of the the May—above their lives the to order accept its which and those to brilliancy them by guide over a be face to shed who thenwhich

of Nature! Then his voice, though mild, govern their relationships with others.

pierced to the center, and his words, "I am The terrible conditions which exist in the world today have come thy fellowservant"dispelled every fear. because the principles of truth and righteousness, as taught in the Gospel,

'Twas gazed, listened, we weWe transgressed. ignored and been a have admired!glory—'twas the from of angel the voice

the of It only to is the of every duty abide by the Church not member and High, the as we Most frommessage to opportunity of every take also to adantage but of teachings the Gospel enkindled love rejoiced, His whileheard we upon our souls, and we were rapt in the influence others to do likewise.

vision of the Almighty! Where was room Members of the Church are advised not to become members of secret

for doubt? Nowhere; uncertainty had fled, societies. It is impossible to be loyal to both the Church and a secret

doubt had sunk, no more to rise, while fiction order at the same time.

But, dear fled forever. deception hadand associations, labor unions, to trade farm orbelong members Where

for further, a think moment think brother, to, in, parties groups, not join they should other or or become surganizations, filled hearts with what and our joywhat principles righteousness. of the not actions are based upon which (for would bowed, prise have who must we

not have bowed the knee for such a blessWith selfishness, greed, and desire for power and domination over ing?) when we received under his hands others rampant in the world, Latterday Saints have the responsibility of

the Holy [Aaronic] Priesthood, as he said: tempering drastic and unreasonable action, of counseling moderation and

"Upon you my fellowservants, in the name fairness, of urging obedience to law and order, and of creating and of Messiah, I confer this Priesthood, and maintaining good will and the true spirit of brotherhood.

shall upon remain this authority, which their to us in principles given of the been Gospel, have which The offer yet of Levi sons the that earth, may influence, leavening world, the and a fullness, us should a light make righteousness!"in offering unto the Lord an

Saints forget Latterday righteousness. never to be for power the a I We shouldunto to paint to shall you attempt not

feelings of this heart, nor the majestic beauty first.

and glory which surrounded us on this occasion; but you will believe me when I

say, that earth, nor men, with the eloquence of time, cannot begin to clothe language in foolish and untaught, till naught but fiction we heard the voice of Jesus, and the truth as interesting and sublime a manner as this feeds the many, and the fruit of falsehood unsullied as it flowed from a pure personage, holy personage. No; nor has this earth carries in its current the giddy to the grave, dictated by the will of God, is to me past

power to give the joy, to bestow the peace, but one touch of the finger of His love, description, and I shall ever look upon this or comprehend the wisdom which was conyes, one day of glory from the upper world, expression of the Saviour's goodness with tained in each sentence as it was delivered or one word from the mouth of the Saviour, wonder and thanksgiving while I am perin those mansions where all into to tarry, and strikes it mitted of eternity, from the bosom of the Holy may the power Spirit! Man by

I comes, sin never dwells the and perfection blots it forever from folinsignificance, and deception his fellow deceive man; may

low deception, and the children of the mind! The assurance that we were in the hope to adore in that day which shall never

wicked one may have power to seduce the presence of an angel; the certainty that cease.

How much of the material now found in hardest to get the fund up to that this compact volume was obtained is il-

A BEGINNING amount. lustrated in the following account:

a acquainted with Elder Jenson became they earning money, they were While True Story A of at the family, Whitmer who for relative continued the genealogical work the the against prejudiced time were very girl organized. they were Each by which Reported interested in old Church. stranger a As

Vera Hinckley Mayhew prepared her own pedigree chart and manuscripts he was permitted to look at an wrote a history of her own life and of old handwritten volume, worn with age and

THEBroadwayrailroadin stationOakland,at California,First and oneSundaypairnightof herbeforegrandparents.they left forOnMesa,this lackbut ifof youcare,wantwhichto waslooktermedat it you"no good,can."

was a busy place the morning of the ward sacrament meeting was deImmediately Elder Jenson realized the

April 5, 1941. Besides the usual crowd voted to a testimonial in their honor. value of the document and asked if he might

for that just the night glance over work to gathered the catch "Daylight"girls choral themselves sang two to The it in until his to room. keep Consent mornfifteen there Angeles, lovely Los were their president numbers, and thanked ing given, lights that night but no was were girls of waiting Berkeley young Ward for the loyal cooperation members ward first in the writer's the room dimmed and

for entrain to Arizona, temMesa, to do in project. the Representatives of of sunlight the rays complete saw work

ple work. They, with their parents and different stake and ward organizations copied. In those days typewriters were

brothers and sisters and boy friends, spoke in appreciation of the girls. The unknown, but Historian Jenson wrote a

made a gay place of the waiting room. meeting was as sweet as the spirit of longhand of his own that only he and posothers translate, sibly fast could so two It there gay, but a feeling was was girls of themselves. the of the most One

did he write. [For a complete account more too. seriousness interesting things that about one it was activities see Jenson's Imof Andrew The girls, these ranging years ago Two is girls trip of the a the convert making for 12.] 1941, provement January, Era page fifteen in seventeen, to age from were to the association through her Church Historian, Jenson, H. Sons—Harold Utah

"orphans"of the Sunday School. The with the group. She was baptized just Pioneers.

boys that age were in Priesthood meetthree or four months ago. Her parents

ing the half hour before Sunday School were sitting with the other parents, UTAH—A GUIDE TO THE STATE

started, but there seemed nothing for proud as could be of their daughter, ( Compiled by the Writers'Program of the

IllusAdministration. Progress girls Works the to gathered do. They themselves not in though members. Church

Publishers, Hastings House, groups around the block and walked last night bemeeting Monday The $2.50.) pages. 595 Newtrated.York. or to the corner drug wandered down trip fore the the bishop with met them

store. Each Sunday morning fewer to receive a full tithe of the entire fund. "Deyond a doubt the most comprehensive

*-* of the State ever proon returned to Utah School. work Sunday The honestly the could quesanswer They

is in five written duced, Guide Utah The bishopric suthe School and Sunday tion, tithepayer?"a "Are you

is far chapters, than merely main and more perintendency worried, they were but trip carefully planned. The Each was first tourists'section, guide a The book it. just didn't to about what do know girl the exactly of had amount same the gives history from "Utah's Background"

in girls the Finally of they asked one spend. to the Everything on money the to geological story the modernday up

the ward who had been seventeen just trip was done as a group activity. transportation systems, touching among

three or four years before, to see if Many lovely social things were planother subjects, the Mormon Church, inshe could plan something that would ned for them in Mesa. They enjoyed dustry and agriculture, and the driving of

the Spike. famous Golden girls in these hold School. Sunday all appreciated that the and peoMesa

Cities,""Bonneville Logan, Ogden. Bench called together sugShe them and ple for did outstanding the them; but secthe City, occupy Provo, and Salt Lake that gested learn to genethey do how trip, their in the of achievement minds, is city individually, section. taken ond Each alogical interresearch. were They that the of they doors had opened was its history, prosfounding, growth, and

ested in the idea and called themselves salvation for four or five hundred dead. perity outlined in a fascinating manner.

the Girls'Research Club. The leader, From first to last the project was a A wellrounded series of guide tours

being so little past this critical age herspiritual experience. It is small wontake up the third part. Each tour explains

visited, details as self, to in giving place every of the wise psychology was that to parents der see gathered them interest. altitude, general population, and Interest youth. sharpened. There was their pride. contain hardly off could

historical facts set are of All importance than could accomplished more be work ex- a spiritual having too were They is forth in that fashion not educa- a only in half hour a morning. on Sunday perience. well. as tional, entertaining highly but

They began to meet Monday evening Scattered throughout are many humorous as well. anecdotes which add greatly to the reading

they accumulated a had When depleasure. photographs and Numerous Rack Book few On the

if the natural beauty names, and nice they they thought enhance tail maps how ( Concluded from page 35 1 of this value book. for could their be baptized kindred own

for in this preserved but have way, been will of of course be Guide Utah The fall dead. in the This 1940. of was

reothers the History Encyclopedic it many will also interest to but great Utahns, that spring determined They vacaby record the along typewith only mains the other chance with provide Americans tion, 1941, to they prepared be would still original written of manuscripts copies sister their better with to acquainted become make a pilgrimage to the Arizona on file. state, Utah. Its collective author is to be

Temple. That would be an expensive The book gives not only name, date, congratulated on doing a fine job and bringtrip, and one they felt they should not location, and history of every ward, stake, ing forth a very creditable book. D. M. B.

ask their parents to finance. They demission, and branch of the Church for the

brief histo 1930, also AT WINGS century but 1830 MY WINDOW the cided to earn themselves. money Macmillan Govan. ( Ada Clapham tories the publications, of foundChurch sacrament Announcement was made in 1940. 198 pages. York, Company, New institutions of Deseret as the Unisuch meeting, School, Sunday and $2.50.) the orRelief ingversity Deseret and Gymnasium,

the girls as that Society available were auxiliaries, of the ganization and many exciting a new, wants someone who Helpers.""Mother's mothall The ward similar items, arranged. alphabetically other To is this the answer. experience, book

ers quick of to take were advantage tells In it, her the author she regained how such pleasant and efficient baby tenders. courage after first, she had suffered tragic

The fund began to grow. They put on "THROUGH the YEARS"illness and accident, and second, her husband

various group projects, a food sale, a A looseleaf Journal, by Emma H. Wakefield joined the unemployed. But more than that

F. is picnarrative Cottam. a and and Ramona tells friends: stories her the of she Limpy, drive, dinner. a paper and ward No illustrations with torial journal, Hie on record Vision, Big Lady, Boy. She Golden Gray to -write just classigirl history, one's personal one had. how by knew any much how

all for instructions also written concise has writes. of as fication material one girl status only the her Each of knew the to friends like the of would become who $2.00 PRICE that to account they and have had own is their at a windows.""wings book The

or at 531 University Ave. No. SALE ON NOW dollars over four something hundred family's exrecord human, moving one 4th 71 E. Provo, South, Deseret also Utah;

for all girl go. to her perience feathered /. with Every worked City. Store, Salt C. Lake Book offolk.—M.

Iom PREPARATION to rehearse: familiar music and music leader is enthusiastic about it; but if he

which is not familiar. The music which will take the time and pains to do this,

By Dr. Frank W. Asper he recommended taken up toward the he will be well rewarded by the flawless

afterwill they rendition make which music the first rehearsal of the was part service criticize the is to easy very ward. arthe with following Sunday, for the renderare choir the singers of theIt fresher are and voices the that gument is the important far ing, Serves more Tiny Miss but Ward beginalert at the are the people more director should every question which Organist As later. Then than rehearsal the ning of I giving himself, what "Just to am put orcapable very but young very A toward taken up be music would new receiving from are they people; these little is nineBlack, Barbara ganist time. rehearsal the of close the By musical and of in the matter enough me Gerof and daughter yearold Reed M. of the end toward music doing newer it worth to spiritual make advancement the Eastmont L. of trude Ward, Black init is stimulate to possible period, the rehearsals and attend to their while Barbara Stake, was where Pasadena are things which the terest newer by services?"in organist the sustained as recently the choir to challenge less of a or more their consider choir members Many of six years age School. At Sunday members. their conas organization in this work playing service by ward began Barbara directors choir the of Recently, some but Church, to the service in tribution Christmas for a music preliminary the of rehearsal an tried a having have director's choir lessen the this not does in playing eight at she pageant; was that half, discovered having a and hour he singers, his and to responsibility last in of year School, and July Sunday the than readers poorer the are men the very to give them endeavor should organist. assistant she made was trying to sensitive also more and their women In can. every that way he best

work should show thorough preparatheir parts over in the presence of the tion. The average member finds much ladies. Therefore, they suggest having

real joy in his singing, freedom from the men in rehearsal for the first half his everyday work, and freedom to exhour, the ladies for the following fifteen press himself in the music of the church minutes, and the remainder of the reservice, when there has been sincere hearsal time (fortyfive minutes) for and thorough preparation. If he knows the entire choir. Many directors have

the work well, he is absolutely free found that the men sing with less refrom any fear in performance. This, straint in the separate rehearsal and

I believe, is the reason why people with enjoy very much rehearsing alone.

good voices and fine intelligence remain It is a good idea if the choir can be before minutes together a few for choir, they have brought of the members they service, can *,:*:"'where the Sacrament in preparation in spent time given much

that special the music over sing and go received much singing. have They and BLACK BARBARA present. should to This be intend they really conthat they have in knowing teacher no has had Barbara, who the audiin other than a room done uplift those of spiritual the to tributed

organist, is ward mother, her their but it is who sing that they best torium, and them. heard have who the songbook from numbers 165 plays that softly so Church parts very mempre- is being spoiled by music Much is music. She fourth grade reads will and service the to early bers come who thorlearned it has been before sented

violin. Barbara's play to also learning this special to hear chance a not have I safely I say think may oughly, and from in Holland filled mission a father this pracshort twice. However, music of is lack spoiled by music that more

thorough preparation than is spoiled by tice will not be possible unless the choir 1926 to 1929.

bad tone quality. Music which is prepared too close to the time of its performance is never a joy to those who

to listen it, sing nor do those who have of it A DIHECT APPEAL TO THE YOUNG out enjoyment get to it much either, for there is always a nervousness and irritability which bothers both MUSICIANS OF THE CHURCH singers and director.

Whenever singing is done badly, it YOUR church depends upon up rehearsals to make several takes it YOUR musical LEADERSHIP. effect which psychological for the has had upon the choir. The director The HAMMOND ORGAN

may blame the singers; they will blame holds distinctive LEADERSHIP

him, and in this way much good feeling in its field. Come into our

recently director lost. One be may said store, hear and play the HAMof music only are there two kinds that

MOND, and then tell your Bishop how a combination of these TWO LEADERS can raise the level of worship in your ward.

Demonstrations by our Mr. Seldon N. Heaps

in music specialize vocal forandchurchesinstrumentaland schools.solos, stocks forMUSICWeLarge

choirs, bands and orchestras. Headquarters

for music for L. D. S. organizations. Mail orders

promptly or write for catalogues and spekllea BROS. MUSIC CO. GLEN

cial lists.

74 So. Main DAYNES MUSIC CO. Salt Lake City

We solicit your patronage 47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City

BliWTllessaqesra /\zoneV our stimulants—letand friendshipthewilldrugs,be icutives tobacco, and strong drink go for-=3* ever. Natural joy brings no headaches and no heartaches. Get—CbWesley P. Lloyd, Franklin S. Harris. Homer C.

D. Keipe. John Giles, HelenaSTOCKHOLM BRANCH M. I. A. busy! Elbert Hubbard. Warner,Larson, FlorenceWerner Pinnock, Aurelia Bennion,HOLDS ANNUAL FEST Waldram, Katie C. Jensen, Ileen Waspe. Marie

W. Creed Haymond, Hazel Brockbank, chairmen:

written ( Translated from a report in Swedish. Dream,"by Sister

of the capital Stockhammar, a member Hilma THE M MEN AND GLEANERS 'TPhe accompanying picture shows the city branch. AT JUNE CONFERENCE

members of the M. I. A. of Stock-

S\n Friday of Conference, June Branch,holm Mission, as Swedish they all greatest interest S\f to and ward v Gleaner leaders and and Men -s Mthe in their festival, gatheredwere yearly stake directors at drama ConJune will join the general sessions 8, in 1941, Clerks'theMarch Union ference will 5, Thursday, the supervisors be June in the at a. Tabernacle 8:45 m. and festival hall in Stockholm. Brother presentation of will plays two which

in the 2 p. will m., and evening enjoyArthur Lindstrom master of cerewas in the appear Plays. A. M. / Book of

festival dance at Saltair. Friday Onmonies. sucThe "fest"a real was will in staged the the be The plays and Saturday eight to eight feltcess all the participants and happy. Theatre. Paramount It Shall Keep

o'clock, and exGleaner beautifully the the M Menfrom decoratedAt abundand Thee, a play and Mrs. by Mr.

of programs, banquet decorations,antly tables, laden poems, composed will in Hale, presented the hibit be Nathan favors, books, etc., will be on displayfor Sister the occasion by Davida afternoon Little the Granger by Ward the Lion House.Jonsson, were sung, and Birka*poj Theater. are the in and Mrs. Hale Mr.

karna (the M Men) furnished exdirectors of the group which has been Saturday, June 7th, will find the M cellent and enjoyable music all evening. acting as a travelling troupe for the Men and Gleaners meeting in the

Maud, Mary, and Majken, the singpast eight months. The original cast Eighteenth Ward (on the corner of

ing trio of the association, presented a of twenty members, all from the Gran- A St. and 2nd Ave.) at 8:45 a. m.

brilliant song and dialogue number, and ger Ward, will appear in the producThis hour is set early so that each per- a fine solo was sung by Karin Helltion. The play is a comedydrama son may register and receive a ticket

qvist, the branch choir's soloist. The centered around Mormon history in admitting him to the discussion group he

special attraction of the evening's proUtah and should set a new high in wishes to attend. One of the main

gram was a splendid exhibition of acroward plays. features of this session will be the dibatic numbers by the Chinese couple, The Church Little Theater group, vision of the audience into five groups

Mr. and Mrs. Tji and Somu Hong. an association of ten Salt Lake stakes, to consider and discuss the following

The festival closed at 12:30 o'clock will present The Barretts in the evening. problems: 1. Firesides, 2. Banquets

with the singing of the M. I. A.'s own This group was organized during the and Records, 3. Opportunity Nightssong, "Carry On."past year to give Church theater goers (projects), 4. M Men and Gleaner

The Stockholm Branch M. I. A. an opportunity to see some better plays, Leadership, and 5. Teaching Helps.

comprises several gifted young people, and to stimulate ward and stake workEvery person should decide before who lead out in the work. Concerts ers to a finer achievement. Having procoming to the meeting which group he

and other entertainments are frequently duced Dear Brutus and The Night of would like to visit and to which he can provided by the organization for the January 16, their new production contribute some fine ideas. The tickets

enjoyment of their comembers and should help materially in next year's for each group will be limited so that friends in the branch, and on the eveward and stake production of The when the quota is filled, a person will to take his second choice. ( Moralning of 27th, February the M. I. A. Barretts. have

early! Come enthusiasticallygave a splendid and

BRANCHreceived play, "The Wonderful STOCKHOLM OF ON THE OCCASION M.THEIRI. A. audienceFollowingwillthesereassembleseparateandgroupshearthea FESTIVAL ANNUAL SPRING

brief summary of the various discussions. Thus everyone present will get

the highlights of the suggestions from the field on all five of these problems.

Also at this meeting Bryant S. Hinckley, author of next year's course of

study, will present some very valuable material.

The separate Gleaner session at two p. m. will feature the various phases

of Gleaner work as seen through the eyes of the Gleaner girls in various stakes. Sister Verna W. Goddard will

be the principal speaker of the afternoon,Promise"-—theher topictitlebeingof "Yethe separateHave a

Gleaner course for 194142.

All of the girls who have been approved as Golden Gleaners by June 1 st are invited to a Golden Gleaner Girl breakfast to be held at seven a. m.

Saturday morning. Certificates and

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Mutual Messages uponand hisleisuretimetroop programguidance.for recreationDuring Hivechoice SummeropportunityProgram.reallyThisto isknowour

pins will be presented at this meeting. the summer, Explorers should be most BeeHive girls. With school studies

The crowning event of an outstandactive in carrying out their program. laid aside, they are ready for new exing day will be the gigantic M Men Some type of activity should be conperiences which can enrich their vacaand Gleaner rally in the Tabernacle, ducted every week. The summer time tion months. They hunger for wholeSaturday night. The nature of this is an ideal season for the application some activities, and BeeKeepers can

has made it so popular in advance that of Exploring. It is so much easier to offer just such activities, with Mother

it is necessary to allow admittance by carry on the troop program that leaders Nature to enhance the offering.

invitation only. M Men and Gleaners, should welcome this season of the year. Summer Season is Honor Badge and

their leaders, and supervisors are enThe opportunities for variety in proCamping Season. Winter months are

titled to attend. gram planning are unlimited. Every so filled with Rank requirements that

That June Conference will again be phase of the program can be carried out time is not available for Honor Badge an inspiration to further next year's with greater ease than during the winter work. For this reason, it is suggested

important work is the wish of your M months. Days are longer, weather that emphasis be given this part of the

Men and Gleaner committee who hope more moderate, transportation probprogram during the summer. Any girl

to see you all June 6th, 7th, 8th, and 9th. lems simpler; there are more places to who desires to become an Honor Bee

go, more things to do. These are a can fill fourteen Honor Badges during

few reasons why the leader should three summers if she consults her Bee continue. his yearround program Keeper often, plans the work well in

recently Manual, pubently. requires Summer twelve The badge Each fiflpjte throughout the Summer. advance, and follows her plan consistcontains Boards, lished the General by hours of should be work, which done—OP-M. Elmer Christensen, chairman; Mark H. Nichols, a suggestive program for Explorer carefully and checked thoroughly

inclusive.Axel A. Madsen, Winters, Elwood to G. August, Floyed G. troops from are enough honsure awards to make May

Eyre, John D. Giles. Stevenson. Dr. L. A. refer to to are leaders urged that estly earned. Troop Honor Remember

it to their Badges are optional awards. GirlsLITTLE MOUNTAIN the suggested plan and adapt

MONUMENT own desires and needs. should be encouraged to select those

An important Explorer feature of THE EXPLORER HEALTHMAN development.Badges which willCompetentgive theminstructiondefinite

f June Conference will take place TITLE PLAN should be provided if an entire Swarm 7,Saturday, at 5:00 p. m., June on fill If to Badge. chooses I. A. a the same Board General of Y. M. M. the HPhe

It Littlesummit of is exMountain. fills alone, reshe should be one Title in girl recently a has approved

pected that several hundred Explorer the Field of Health for L. D. S. Exferred to someone who is qualified to

leaders representing every Explorer help. specialized give her of plorers. Council National Boy The

in the willtroop deposit a rock Church sugConference Badge Honor June recogniprovides of America Scouts as exercises in of part appropriate a will helpful. gestions be very hope in avocavocational tion eleven and We

forpreparation erection of the a monuall material these mimeographed on 10. listed fields in tional RecNo. Log

in of honor Pioneerment our Explorers will to year year from be kept Badges Title of for the Healthman ognition all this paths crossed summit.whose files. in stake I. permanent and ward only the will A. provided be by M. Little obstacle be Mountain no may I. Bulletin the Consult A. cerSummer M. appropriate consist will of an and

for travelerto the today, scenic high- a in for addition to those suggestions tificate. following requirements The

its crosses connecting Emibrowway at given Conference. June qualify to the Explorer be met must bygration Parley's canyons. the and To Title. the for is Healthman last It year's that slogan, hoped

itPioneer of ninetyfour years ago was girl in will in the 1. usual acquire be "Every Camp,"Explorer must Summer The land crossed, the which, mark,a meant

Perthe badges: merit following manner the during months. used coming Durhistoricculmination of for trek the an Safety, Health, sonal Public Health, and of ing Jubilee thousands BeeHive Year religious of freedom.sake Explorers the following: Reading, of any two Chemgirls in participated Summer Camps realizingof today, of the importance istry, Athletics, Physical Development, result, the as throughout Church, and atheir objective, reverently hope additional and Scholarship. study must do He spirit the reached BeeHive new of the requirements the anderect their beyond to work a humble monument

honor. From this last major obstacle merit badge in any one of the five he acheights. Let us go upward from this

of the trail to the west has spread in quires. The specialized or additional work point and realize even greater accomrelated to plishments in the current year. the of nature be a must Wordthe intervening religious great a years

of Wisdom. spiritculture, the a throughout world. 2. for requirements remaining any The HANDBOOK NEW recipients ofExplorers this of are today of Titles other eleven the also carbe must SUPPLEMENTheritage. in contribution the humble ried the Title before for A out Healthman

form of a rock from their troop's area recognition will be given. TV new supplement has been published

for the Application formswill, Healthman 7, symbolize the respect on June * for for the BeeHive Handbook,

Title the obtained be Y. from M. may the entire feels tohonorand Church the following the supplying of purpose I. Street. A., Additional North 50 M. Main faith for the of courageday and our information this information availregarding Title newforefathers. will troop to Every want for will able in Explorers be announced

1. the in modifications General Beeits invitation to theaccept deposit rock New the at session department Explorer June plan. Hiveas of part the exer- a Conference June Conference.

2. for Application BeeHive Themecises.

194142.

EXPLORING DURING 3. BeeHive Reading Course Books for

THE SUMMER 4. New BeeHive Membership Plan.

'"P'he Explorer committee renews its jtteHivetirls 194142.

size is the supplement This as same this increased appeal year with Mb chairman; Bertha Tingey, Ethel Anderson, regular pages, Lucy the and Handbook may for a continuedemphasis Larson, of Andersen, Margaret program N. Wells, Ann C.

activity throughout the summer. Far Marjorie Ball, be inserted as a part of the present

too many troops cease to function after Handbook. Every BeeKeeper should

in order thatWard Honor Night about May 1st SUMMER PROGRAM secure a copy at once, each year and never revive until late /omes time now to introduce our her instructions may be up to date in harmony with new regulations.autumn. Such a practice is unfortunate girls to the greatout-ofdoors and and

for the individual Explorer, who relies share with them the thrills of the Bee- (Concluded on page 368)

Mutual Messages

( Concluded from page 367

Copies may be secured for 5c each at the General Board Office.

NEW PUBLICITY PLAN A new column of BeeHive news is "soon to be started in the Deseret

News. We are asking that you assist

in this project by appointing a reporter in every BeeHive swarm. This reporter, in cooperation with her Bee

Keeper, is to send reports of interesting swarm activities, pictures, etc., to the

General Office for publication. With

each item submitted, include the name of the reporter, the ward, stake, and community from which it is sent.

Articles should be sent either before the event takes place, or immediately after, in order that they may be classed as "news"when they are published. AdCommittee"—33dress all items to "BeeHiveBishop's PublicityBuilding,

Salt Lake City, Utah. Your full cooperation in this matter will be very

much appreciated.

1A. "IT SHALL KEEP THEE,"(THE FIRST

GENERATION) A THREEACT PLAY PRESENTED BY THE GRANGER WARD, OQUIRRH

STAKE. (SEE PAGE 366.) IB. 2ND

GENERATION. 1C. 3RD GENERATION.

2. MELVIN FISHER. SON OF MR. AND MRS.

OTTO FISHER OF BUTTE, MONTANA, WHO

SET WORLD'S RECORD OF 880 YARDS IN

ONE MINUTE 23.2 SECONDS.

3. THE OF CROWNING THE QUEEN AT THE

I. A. M. GOLD AND GREEN BALL, BOULDER

CITY WARD, MOAPA STAKE,

4. QUEEN AND ATTENDANTS OF THE GOLD

AND GREEN BALL, SHERIDAN BRANCH.

WESTERN STATES MISSION, (SHERIDAN,

WYOMING).

5. KOLOB STAKE M. I. A. PRESENTATION OF

THE OPERA "MARITANA."

6. SPOKANE GOLD AND GREEN BALL, QUEEN

AND ATTENDANTS, NORTHWESTERN STATES

MISSION.

7. QUEEN OF THE JUAREZ WARD, WITH HER

ATTENDANTS, JUAREZ STAKE.

8. THE CROWNING OF THE QUEEN AT THE

GOLD AND GREEN BALL, LAS VEGAS WARD

MOAPA STAKE.

9. THE QUEEN OF THE GOLD GREEN AND BALL

OF BOISE 0. STAKE W. WITH ROBINSON,

FIELD SECRETARY, Y. M. M. I. A.

10. SOUTH AUSTRALIAN MORMON BASKETBALL

TEAMS.

11. THE QUEENS AND ATTENDANTS OF THREE

WARDS FROM MANTI STAKE.

12. THE CROWNING OF THE QUEEN AT THE

M. I. ST. A.. PROM AT ANTHONY 2ND WARD

YELLOWSTONE STAKE.

13A. CLUB—GROUPSACRAMENTO STAKE2. 13B.BOOK SACRAMENTOOF MORMON

STAKE BOOK OF MORMON CLUB—GROUP 1.

14. MALAD STAKE DRAMA GROUP PRESENTATION OF "THE OPEN DOOR,"DIRECTED BY

WAYNE DUDLEY AND SALLY SMITH.

15. GOLD AND GREEN BALL QUEEN AND ATTENDANTS OF COLONIA DUBLAN, JUAREZ

STAKE.....

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Stake Stake Number Number Stake Number Stake Number

... Francisco Weiser. San. 11. 32. 307 Mroni 53. Panguitch 62..200% 128% of. Achievements.The.... Smithfield Alberta. 12.. 33.. Zion Park 54..305% Garfield 63. 199% 127% 103!/i101%

....... Portland Malad 13. 34....294/4. Duchesne 55. 64. Summit 199[/4 u 125% 98%

.. Sevier 14.. 35.. S'quinTintic.193 56. Gunnison.285% 125 65. '/a 95% EraAnother Year".... St. Chicago Joseph 15. 36. Gridley 57. Juab 282% 66..187% 120% 94%

.... So. Shelley 16. 37.. Summit. Juarez 58. 277%.... No. Sevier. 116 67..93i/4 (Continued page 336) from... B..277 Cot'nw'd 17. Lyman 38. 59. Young Cassia 116 68. 186!/4181% 86%

... Roosevelt..... Union 18. 39. River Lost 60..273%..180% 69. Wayne 111% 49 cent of. per place subscriptions. Second Bear Lake 19. 40. River Raft 61. 269% 104 179%

..... Denver Kanab 41. 20..179.256'/8 quota.

.. Minidoka Timpanogos 21. 42..174 OF 249% PERCENT QUOTA "A"'/a GROUP

Washington Sacramento 43. 22..I631/4 Percent Stake Stake Percent "B"MISSION GROUP.248%..... St. Portneuf Johns 2433/6 23. 1593/g 44. 1. Seattle 8. Denver 326.7.... 157.1

.. Falls Sevier So. Twin total subscrip24. 45. place.240% 155% Southern... 2. Inglewood Lethbridge 212.6 9. 155.1 States—First

... Ber'dino Beaver San.229 25. 46. 149%... 3. 1.0. Juarez Chicago 210.9 tions. 147.3

... Lake. 26.. 149 47. Nampa Moon.. '/8.226/B... 4. Phoenix.204.4 11. Nampa.138.7 cent of place per... Northern Luis 48..226 27. San York New 14S'/2 States—First 5. Boise 178.3 Moapa 12. 134.5

. Juan Idaho 28. San 49..225% quota. 6. Beach. Long 13. Francisco.175 San 128.5

... Lehi 29. Nevada.217 50. 146!/4142% 7. Union 159.9 14. Mt. Graham.125.7

.... Teton 51. Morgan.215 30. 140% ACCOMPLISHMENTS UNUSUAL...... Blaine Bannock 31. 52. on {Concluded 208?4 page 370) 132%

Leader of all stakes and missions in total subscriptions: Southern States Mission

1,348.

Leader of all stakes and missions in per cent of quota: Eastern States Mission

462.1%.

Highest total subscriptions ever reached by any mission: Southern States Mission

1,348.

Highest per cent of quota ever reached by any mission: Eastern States Mission

462.1%.

Leader of all stakes in total subscriptions:

South Los Angeles Stake—1,309.

Leader of all stakes in per cent of quota:

South Los Angeles Stake—369.9%.

Ten Leading Stakes in Group "A"(Stakes with less than 4,000 population)

Per cent of Quota Seattle Long Beach Inglewood Union Juarez Denver Phoenix Lethbridge Moapa Chicago Total Subscriptions Seattle Millard Inglewood Phoenix Long Beach Pasadena Moapa Mt. Graham

Lethbridge Taylor Ten Leading Stakes in Group "B"(Stakes with more than 4,000 population)

Per cenr of Quota South Los Angeles Salt Lake Los Angeles Rexburg San Fernando Maricopa Big Horn Ogden Snowflake Blackfoot Total Subscriptions South Los Angeles Rexburg Ogden Weber Wells Grant Mt. Ogden Pocatello

Liberty Blackfoot

MISSIONS—PERCENT OF QUOTA

GROUP "A"GROUP "B"Mission Percent Mission Percent

States1. No. 1. States. Eastern 462.1

....370. 2. States So.2. Sts...216.8 No. Cent. 294.3

... California 3..136.73....167.5 Canadian

4. Texas 160.6 4. E. Cent. Sts.. 108.5

5. New England.. 73.2 5. No'west. Sts...101.2

6. Western States. 60.7 6. Central States. 66.2

MISSIONS—TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS

GROUP "A"GROUP "B'GROUP "A,"TOTAL NUMBER OF SUBSCRIPTIONS

Mission Number Mission Number First left row, Stake, Seattle right: to President Alexander Brown; Dr. E. Anderson, D.

. 1. States.. So. Sts. Eastern1. 1,348% 489% I. of superintendent the Irene Y. I. M. S. M. A.; president of Woodward, the A.; M. Y. and W. California 2. Sts... Cent.2. No. 344% 1. Seal, L. C. A. director. M. Y. M. "Era"States. 3. No. Texas3...1,084%.l,156|/4 223/4 row, left Second right: Beach Long Stake, to C. President Douglas Barnes; Lafe Wright,

.. Northwestern 4.4. States 596 West. 145% I. of >/8 superintendent the A.; Y. Mrs. M. M. Struble, president of I. the Agnes Y. A.; C. Ed. M. W. Sts. 5. E. Cent.5. Canadian 299% 100% Walker, director. Y. M. A. "Era"M. States 6. Cent. England.6. 41 New 169% row, left Third Stake, right: L. to President MoapaI. Bryan Earl, Bunker; Marion B.

Y. A. M. M. superintendent; president of Mrs. LaVerna Whipple, the L. A.; Y. A. M. W. SUBSCRIPTIONS STAKES—TOTAL Riddle, Y. I.M. M. I. Mrs. and Perry, Y. director. Eva N. A. M. "Era"I. W.

"A"GROUP Fourth row, left I.LethbridgeA. "Era"Stake,director,- right: to President E. Franis Asael C. Palmer;

Russell, I. superintendent of the A.; Y. Pitcher, Stake L. Caroline Mrs. Number M. M. Stake Number Y. A. president; M. I. W.

.. I. Miller, G. Y. Ray M. A. 6. clerk, director; Millard F. Green, M. and assistant stake "Era"Seattle John H. and 1..362% 630%

.. director. "Era"7. Phoenix Inglewood 2..357%.576'A

.. Fifth row, right: to left Millard Stake, President Arthur Pasadena 8. C. superintendent Beach. Long Brown; 3..506.337%

I. Y. A. 9. M. Ellwood Lambert; M. Graham. Mt. Mrs. Monroe, president; Y. Nana 4. D. Day, Newel Moapa M. W. 313 431%

I. director; A. I. M. Taylor "Era"A. M. and Mrs. director. 10. Lethbridge Nyman, Mae M. I. "Era"A. Y. W. 5...412% 308% Y.of

..............

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Stake Percent Stake Percent Stake Percent Stake Percent

St. George 49... 74.7

North 50. 72.3 Itie Acrneverne nrs or 43.44. CarbonBox Elder Weber... 66.464.5 56.55. WoodruffParowan..... 59.456.2 61.62. EastPalmyraJordan.... 45.243.2

No. Cottonwood 57. Utah 62.4 63. 51. 70.5 Sanpete. 40.8 Hyrum 45.

Sharon Alpine 58. 50.7..... 52 Wasatch 52. 64. Nebo 60. S 36.6 46.... 70

59. Kolob 60.2 69.4 Pioneer.... 53. Rigby 24.2 Oahu 46 65. 47.Another u Era Year"

(Concluded from page 369) 48. Bear River.. 67.4 54. Granite.... 60.1 60. South Sanpete 45.7

Percent Stake Percent Stake

.... 87.4 Beaver 43. Juan.124.5 San 15.

... 84.2 Duchesne 44. Ber'dina.123.6 San16.

.... Morgan 45. 84.1... Millard.123.617.

.... 83.7 46. Weiser.117.8 Sacramento IS.

. Cassia.... 47. 81.5.114. Pasadena 19.

... Johns St. 48. 78.9.111.7 York 20. New

. 75.3 Timpanogos 49..110.3 Washington 21.

.... 74.9 Bannock 50..110.1 Portneuf 22.

.. Roosevelt 74.1 51. Lake..109.6 Moon 23.

....... Blaine 69.6 52. Taylor.107.2 24.

... Smithfield 53. 69 Luis.107.1 San 25.

in it South 67.5. 54. Sum,107 Malad 26.

.. 67.2 55..106.9 Lyman 27.

.... Moroni 65.6 56. Falls...106.5 28. Twin

..... River Lost 57. 62.6 Alberta.106 29.

... 61.3 B. Cot'wood 58. Joseph.105.8 St. 30.

.. Zion Park 60.5 59. 104.4 31.

.. Sevier.. 59.4 South 60. Shelley.103.9 32.

..... 59.3 61. Summit.103.1 Minidoka 33.

57.6 Lehi 62. 102 6 34. Rparucqi Lakemnc

Garfield.. 49 63. 102.4 35.

S'quinTintic 48.3 64. River Raft.102 36.

... - Sevier 45.5 No. 65. Portland.101.1 37.

..... 44.5 Gunnison 95.1 66, Nevada 38.

.. Panguitch 43.8 67. 94.3 39.

.... 36.4 Juab 68. 90.9 Kanab 40.

........ 27.7 69. Wayne. 89.7 Idaho 41.

42. Gridley.... 88.2

TOTAL SUBSCRIPTIONS—GROUP "B"

Stake Number Stake Number Valley. Star 37434 34. Ang. 1. So. Los 13091/a

.. Tooele 35. 364i/2 2..... Ogden 918!/2

Oquirrh 36. 357% Wells 3. 7843/8

. Weber North 37. 35414 4. Ogden. Mt. 747%

F'ls.. Ida. No.. 38. 352 /a Liberty 5. 7254

.. 39. Rigby 351% 704 6. Rexburg

..... Oneida. 40. 342/2 7. Weber 667%i/B

River.... Bear 41. 33214 81. Grant 6673/8

Montpelier. 42. Pocatello 327% 9. 641i/2

. Yellowstone.. 31814 43. Blackfoot 10. 585%

.... Carbon 44. Lake 295% Salt 11. 540'A

.. 28934. Parowan 45. Bonneville 529 12.

... 287 Granite 46. i/a Angeles Los 13. 528%

. Burley 47. 2S3!/2 Logan.... 14. 523?4

277 Utah 48. Vs.... Cache 15..5165/s

... Pioneer 49. 272% Highland 16. 516'/8

.... Benson 50. 272/4 Horn Big 17..504%

... 268 51. Hyrum Emigration. 500 18.

... Deseret 52. 261/4 Falls. Idaho 19. 494%

.. 24. Wasatch 6/2 53. Riverside 20. 478%

.. 240 East Jordan. 54. Maricopa 21. 47SV2

Cottonwood 229 55. Fernandi5 San 22. 475%

219'4 George. St. 56. Elder Box 462 23.!/8

212... Kolob 57. 443'/2 24. Emery

Alpine 188/2 Jordan 419 >/R 58. West 25.

.. Woodruff 59. 1703/8 Snowflake. 26.

.. 415%414J/2 168 Palmyra 60. Davis. North 27.

...... Sharon 61. 167%/a 4063/g Ensign 28.

Sanpete 144% 62. So. Provo.... 29. 398%

Sanpete 144/2 No. 63. 30. Oakland.. 398

Nebo 64. 117% Franklin 31..382%

.... S3/4 65. Oaiiu Uintah.... 32. 379y2

33. South Davis 374%

PERCENT OF QUOTA—GROUP "B"

Stake Percent Stake Percent 1. So. Los Ang.. 369.9 22. Montpelier..105.4

2. Los Angeles. 168.4 23. Provo 104.9

3. San Fernando. 158.1 24. Grant 103.5

4. Big Horn..155.3 25. Emery 103.4

Snowflake 5.

6. Salt Lake...129.9. 134.2 26.27. WestLogan Jordan. 103.2103.1 GROUP "A,"PERCENTAGE OF QUOTA

7. Rexburg...127.1 28. Uintah....103.1 First row, Inglewood Stake, left to right: President Alfred E. Rohner; Heber Grant,

8. Maricopa...122.4 29. Wells 102.5 superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.; Elva Cusworth, Y. W. M. I. A. president; and E. J. Sorensen,

9. Ogden 122.3 30. Franklin...102 Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"director.

10. Blackfoot..122.1 31. Liberty 101.7 Second row, Juarez Stake, left to right:.President Claudius Bowman; Y. M. M. I. A.

superintendent, Claudius Bowman, Ogden 121.8 32. Oneida....100.4 Mount 11.

Falls Emigration Harvey H. Taylor, 33. Y. M...117 M. I. A. "Era"Jr.; Mrs.directorElla 1; R.MarzaFarnsworth,Lunt, Y. presidentW. M. I.ofA.the"Era"Y. W.director.M. I. A.;..100.2 12. Idaho

13. No. Ida. F'ls. 115.1 34. No. Davis.. 95.7 Third row, Phoenix Stake, left to right: President James Robert Price; Wallace

14. Riverside...113-7 35. Tooele 94.4 E. Broberg, Y. M. M. I. A. superintendent; Ethel Peterson, president of the Y. W. M. I. A.;

15. Star Valley.110.2 36. Benson.... 88.1 L. L. Driggs, Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"director; and Mrs. Dora Dana, Y. W. M. I. A. "Era director.

16. Bonneville..109.8 37. Highland... 84.6 Fourth row, Union Stake, left to right: President George Ariel Bean; Melvin Westenskow,

17. Oakland...108.7 38. Yellowstone. 83.1 Y, M. M. I. A. superintendent; Mrs. Mary H. Stoddard, president of the Y. W. M. I. A.; C. Lloyd

IS. Weber 108.2 39. Burley.... 76.6 Walch, Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"director; and Elizabeth Tribe, Y. W. M. I. A. "Era"Director.

19. Pocatello...107.8 40. Deseret.... 76.6 Fifth row, Denver Stake, left to right: President Douglas M. Todd, Jr.; Eugene T.

20. Ensign 106.9 41. So. Davis.. 76.3 Whitaker, superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A.,- Barbara Morgan, Y. W. M. I. A. president; and

21. Cache 106.7 42. Oquirrh.... 75.4 Aaron U. Merrill, Y. M. M. I. A. "Era"director.

THE WRITING OF THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued from page 343) Oliver Cowdery came to my house, until Writes Oliver Cowdery on Sep-... Two tember 7, 1834: Without any other comment, the which time I had never seen him.

arrival after the (beof Mr. Cowdery tells Oliver days meeting of Prophet

the to of April), ing 7th I commenced the setting the sun, of time of Near the 5, April as follows: Cowdery on translate the 5th, [see evening, and he began April of Mormon, Sabbath Book 1829,

On the fifth day of April, 1829, [see to write for me. (Documentary History of Messenger and Advocate, Oct., 1834] my

Times and Seasons, Vol. 3, page 8321 the Church, vol. I, page 32.) natural eyes for the first time beheld this

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

THE WRITING OF THE BOOK OF MORMON of in size other resided being paper then made, a littlebrother. Harmony, now He part the of Smith wrote any

... Emma less fifteen onehalf inches long Pennsylvania. than County, andSusquehanna before of Oliver Book Mormon

I full arsix assisted 6th, in inches onehalf wide. the and and him MondayOn arrived. try to seems She Cowdery tinged yelbusiness nature of or paperranging a temporal brown The some is now

and on Tuesday the 7th, commenced to write to explain that Emma, Joseph's wife, low by time and damp, and the writing in the Book of Mormon. These days were had not time to write, therefore the some places is indecipherable. The pages

sitnever to be forgotten—to

inspiration of asound voice under the need of a scribe. However, verse arebeennumberedlost. The3 tomanuscript22, pages 1commencesand 2 havingat dictated by the

of heaven, awakened the utmost gratitude 30, Section 5, Doctrine and Covethe second verse of the 2nd chapter of I of this bosom. Day after day I continued, nants, given in March, 1829, reads: Nephi, (i. e. the second chapter of the

uninterrupted, to write from his mouth, as "When thou hast translated a few Book of Mormon ), and continues to the translatedhe with the Urim and Thummim, or as the Nephites have would said "Inmore pages, thou shalt stop for a book.35th verseAt theof thetop 13thof eachchapterpage ofis atheheadingsame

terpreters,"the history or record called the season, even until I command thee showing its principal contents. These

Book of Mormon. again; then thou mayest translate headings, as far as they can be deciphered,

again."This indicates a small part are as follows:

4, 3, (undecipherable). goeth Nephi up statements the transby Do these written was by Emma Smith before to to Jerusalem 5, thelator that they and scribe mean 7. April brethren smite of Nephi rod. a with him

commenced at the beginning of the Emma Smith, wife of the Prophet, 6, Nephi slayeth Laban... 7, Nephi obbook or at a page which had been testifies she wrote for the Prophet, tains the records. 8, Lehi searcheth the

records. prophesieth 9, Lehi his concerning after thewritten receiving date of state not but she does when she seed. 10, rebelleth Laman and Lemuel of theSection 1 Doctrine and or that she before wrote Covewrote the against 11, Nephi. and Lemuel Laman

nants as noted above? arrival of Oliver Cowdery. (See pent and (go) with Nephi. 12, Lehi'sreSaints'Advocate, October, 1879; dream of the precious fruit. 13, Lehi fears

Lemuel, exhorts he and that Oliver"VToTE Cowdery says, also see Translating of "Manner prophesies the forthem.Laman14, Lehiand of the Messiah uninterrupted, "I continued, to of Book Mormon,"by 15, Nephi desireth the Francis W.

write,"and the Prophet adds to the Kirkham, Improvement Era, Ocof prophecy. 16, Nephi caught spirit

spirit the 17, beholdeth Nephi statement, "Duringabove the month tober, 1939, page 630.)

the etc. lamb 18, of God, Messiah The April, to translateof I continued and the writer, of the knowledge To crucified etc. 1922, (?) (undecipherable).

little to write cessation."withhe there are other in early statements no is manuscript in The two, if not

{Documentary History of the Church history that refer to the date handwritings. Pages 7 to 18, inclusive,three,

Church, vol. I, page 35. )... "We of the beginning of the writing of the appear to have been written by Oliver

Pages 3 to 6 are written in what still translathe continued work of Book of Mormon. Cowdery.looks handwriting, woman's possibly

tion of ensuing month when in the that of Smith, while the handwriting likeEmmaa etc."(Documentary if History to onMay, 22, 19 pages the not same, very much of photographs both "Cortunately,

resembles that of to 6. pages 3 I, vol. only the The Church, 39.) pageof the of manuscripts of Book division in the is made manuscript into to time thus time fromAnd chapters. available are sentences are correspondThe not divided Mormonthe the describes writing Prophet punctuation by marks are and seldom comto ing part 16 of of the page

until the transthat he announces with letters. capital menced

first (I edition Nephi, Chapter if islation as he completed were

If 7, present edition). these both photograph of that The manuthedescribing beginning both and

this at copies beginning the part of script in this article is shown under entrustedthe great of the end work in translation are the handwriting the caption re- "Laman and Lemuelto careful of him. reading both A of Oliver then Cowdery, more belleth no against is Nephi,"part This belief texts that the to both leads

sixteen than could been have pages 7 to 18, of pages which, in the opintowriters they intend say com- 7, written April before 1829, anyion by Reynolds, of George written was of at the the beginning bookmenced as except Oliver one Cowdery, he Oliver by Cowdery. to the beginning,or close very and

first at the Prophet wrote and saw (as continually circumworked historian of the Reuntil thestances permitted) work that date. C A. Burgess, question of or whether not The organized Church, Independis intimation finished. There nowas copies the written are two by Cowence, Missouri, the only where comhis writings in the Prophetby own

is fact simplified the dery that by plete manuscript of the of Book loss that the the after of 116 manunot persons than four wrote more on seen, states that be Mormon may ofscript part translated pages he any foleither manuscript. the two Note four persons that wrote manuscript, 7, April beforethe of Book Mormon citations: lowing the handwriting of Oliver Cowdery 1829.

Regarding this question, Mother In 1884, George Reynolds, in the and Christian Whitmer being idenSmith writes: Contributor, Vol. V, pages 366367, tified by members of the Whitmer

published the following document: family, and that of Emma Smith by

Joseph had been so hurried with his her two sons, Joseph and Alexander.

affairs, proceed that not secular he could description the of the of portion manu- A writings of Oliver Other Cowdery fast as his spiritual concerns was with so script, Sister mentioned Kimball and by in with now were his writing compared the of for the necessary completion speedy in the F. hands of President Smith, Joseph

work; there was also another disadvantage will doubtless be of interest to the readers the manuscript as additional proof.

under which he labored: his wife had so of the Contributor. [Sarah Kimball the The fourth writer named is Martin

the care with taken of time her upmuch previous received from of year BidaMajor Harris. Saints'(See Herald, Janfor but write that could him her she house, of of Smith, part a husband man, Emma 30, 1934, page 139.) Thus the account time. of portion a small On the original of uary of the manuscript Book

of these embarrassments, Joseph called upon Mormon here described and gave it to both manuscripts are identified as the Lord, three days before the arrival of President Joseph F. Smith. Major Bidaman being in the handwriting of Oliver

a scribe. Oliver, to send him and Samuel the cornerstone the of it from had taken

Joseph, Prophet by {History of the it to Cowdery. shortly before House he gave Lucy Nauvoo

Smith, page 131.) Sarah Kimball.] It consists of twenty pages Let us consider further the photoof somewhat rough, unruled writing paper, graphs of the writings of both manuMother Smith does not state that more resembling narrow billcap than an/ (Continued on page 372)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

THE WRITING OF THE BOOK OF MORMON {Continued from page 371) her, as one in her councils.... I wrote handwriting. Note the following

the entire pen, of MorBook own with my the by Mr. Tucker: pages) as it fell from (save a fewscripts which form part of page 16 mon

lips as Smith, the of Prophet he Joseph first edition. of theof Book Mormon, his the Prophet, 1829, In Smith June,

it gift of the translated and power by believer, similarities in the Harris, the brother are and There Hyrum, many... is true. Sidney Rigbook That God. pubthen B. Grandin, applied to Mr. Egbert as manuscripts these ofwriting two it; did did Spaulding write not not Mr, don

at the lisher Palmyra of Sentinel Wayne

I it; fell it it the are write from myself as the wrote which photographs byshown the his to for price deceased,) do (now lips the Prophet. of Contributor, (See 342, herewithprinted 343). (pp. copies. edition of thousand of three one work also 446; Historical 5, Record, Vol. page if offered or to secure printer payment for the Harris written pay wasOne Vol. VI, 201.) page a a few made. should bargain be Only other. later the thanthree months

In the one written for the printer we In an interview with David Whitsheetsthe titleof thepage,manuscriptwere exhibitedas a specimen,at this withtime might expect capitalization of propmer published in the Historical Rec- [June, 1829], although the whole number er names, more consideration of sylord, Vol. VI, page 208, quoted of folios was stated, whereby could be made

labication and punctuation. The first above, Elder Orson Pratt asked Mr. a calculation of the cost. (Pages 5051.)

rapidly written have been wouldone in your posyou Whitmer: "Have is justified this statement one By lips "fell of the theas from words of original session the manuscript all in the nearly that concluding anticipating scribe thethe Prophet,"of the Book Mormon?"this translation at completed was later for correcadditional the time "I answered, David Whitmer for time, that the reason Joseph spelling,tion of punctuagrammar, in Oliver are have; they Cowdery's the give could number whole Smith capitalization. tion, and However, handwriting."folios manuscript. the the of of

is in recorrectneither these copy

In the interview Jenwith Andrewquirements; yet one is more correct According to Mr. Tucker, a conson, Stevenson, and Joseph Edward the other.than

to print tract immethe was not above, S. Black, quoted 1878, the phocompares The expert who visit diately describes a made. also appears Milfollowing ( See He is to therefore required nottographs to party""the lennial Star, by same Vol. 773): 40, page Mormon alike, are exactly that theydetermine

Antiof the Thurlow Mr. Weed, copies these that are moreonly two... 8, day, Sunday, September Next at Rochester, and Inquirer Masonic

like either other manuscript than each out broughtnearly David Whitmer to Marshall, Elihu F. a book Mr. examined of of the Mormon. Book like is writings Wethe three other thecopy the print to publisher. refused Both the handthose closely and them knew who not the he needof manuscript. But

) exthem, the of writing pronounced whole ( Tucker 52. book. Mr. Page

far. this Oliver know,go we As in to cepting pages, be comparatively few continues

It copies; of of both the Oliver handwriting wrote most Cowdery.Cowdery

in these were pages thought that few was "Is the ask: then only need rewe the the Saints renewed Whereupon,

of Smith and the handwritings John Emma the Grandin, one reason quest Mr. upon these pictured photowriting two on Christian and Whitmer. proof to manuscripts be delivered were and to similar writing the ofgraphs

the person who wrote the larger part Pomeroy Tucker, who helped read printingsheets examinedoffice...dailyeach bymorningthem carryingat the

of both manuscripts?"the proof for the Book of Mormon to the printing office the installment required

In the opinion of the writer, these (also quoted above) states on page for the day, and withdrawing it the same two copies were written by Oliver 35 of his book, Mormonism, Its evening.

Cowdery and, if so, it is conclusive Origin, Rise and Progress: This statement by an antiMor-

evidence that the sixteenth page of mon writer gives proof of the method the Book of Mormon was written afTranslations and interpolations were now of delivering the copy to the printer littleter April 7, 1 829, when Oliver Cowscriptenteredspecimensupon by ofthethese,Prophet,with someand manuof the as described by Mother Smith a dery first began the work of scribe. literally transcribed characters, were shown later in this article. It is also evito people, including ministers and other dence that some time elapsed after

Quotations follow from original gentlemen of learning and influence [then the translation until the printing conof contents]. brief description the a follows stating that Oliversources Cowdery tract ( See was signed. Mormonism, the handwriting manuscripts were in The except manuscripts,wrote both Progress, Origin, by Rise, and Oliver for of had been Its which Cowdery, one

a little help from about three other written down by him, as he and Smith declarPomeroy Tucker, page 9.

for as ed, translations, the relieved word, from word who in facts repeated arepersons—assistants same These

latter the aid of the the with by mammade for periods. shorthim letter S. published Harding, S. a by spectacles or and moth Thummim. Urim

It first that both should noted be in o[ the Prophet by Gregg 3536.) Thomas (Pages

Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery The loss of the first translations [written Palmyra, pages 40 and 47.

the time for Harris] a checked Martin 7, by Aprilstate they on commenced in the writing above, quoted As... six of events, progress Some Mormon to translate to write and 1 829, and in the possession the manuscript now the passed months announcement was when finuntilthat they they continued at IndeChurch, Reorganized of transthe that given complete out and a new

ished the manuscripts. Neither the lation of the Book of Mormon had been pendence, is identified by many perfor the Prophet, ready which was by made Oliver mennorProphet Cowdery that Oliver as of sons Cowdery.

. press. the manuscripts, second The assistedtions person other any who

first, like in the handwrit-.were. Cowdery's is that conclusion very only a Thethem. ing. 48.) (Page the pages Book Mormon of of few at held conference a special At

translated 1829. April were before 7, original 1848,Kanesville, implies part 21, Iowa, of a the This October

and presided over by Apostle Orson manuscript in the handwriting of May we return to the question:

Hyde, Oliver Cowdery was present Oliver Cowdery was shown to Mr. At what time between April 7 and

and made the following remarks: Tucker at the time of the negotiaAugust, 1829, was the translation of

tions for that the printing, of and the the Book Mormon completed?

Friends and name is CowBrethren, my beginning manuscript, copied "In the or the one of the month hissecond In the early Oliverdery, Cowdery.

tory of this Church I stood identified with by Oliver Cowdery, was also in his of June,"writes the Prophet...

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

THE WRITING OF THE BOOK OF MORMON "we accepted the invitation"[to go were left to be translated at the time would not indicate the time the transto the home of the Whitmers at FayMoroni appeared to the three witlation was completed.

ette, Seneca County, New York] nesses. From the above quotations the

"and there resided until the translareader will note that the Prophet tion was finished and the copyright A definite statement of the time states that he resided at Fayette secured.''( Documentary History of of the completion of the translation until the translation was completed,

the Church, vol. I, pp. 4849. Also of the Book of Mormon is made by that David Whitmer writes that the

Times and Seasons, vol. 4, p. 885. David Whitmer. The Kansas City translation there continued from

1 to July 1, and that the wit- "... In the course of the work of Journal, June 5, 1881, quotes him in June

late the in nesses follows: plates as saw June three part thattranslation we ascertained of the reonly 47 pages when bookspecial to provided witnesses be were family, I, as well as all my father's translated. mained to be from Thus

wife, Smith's Oliver to the and Martin Cowdery, Lord, wouldby whom He these witnesses, the conclude we the translation Harris, present during were plates the that should seegrant they translation completed about at his [already was explained Mr. by Whitmer

( thisfrom which work the Book... of father's at Fayette, York]. home New thereafter. 1, 1829, or shortly July should and be translated:Mormon) father's at translation occupied The my is further supconclusion This

is, 1, that month, from about onethat should these witnesses bear lune record of the same, as will be found 1829, to July 1, 1829. (Quoted in Vol V., ported by the fact that a copy of

also this Historical after Record, quoted 206, and the page manuscript made was Ether, oirecorded."(See Book in Gregg, o[ Thos. Prophet Palmyra, The printing, the for time to be ready II also 5:2-3, 4, andChapter and page 28.)

in 1829. August, which began 11:3.)Nephi, Chapter ( Documen

tary History of the Church, vol. I, p. In an interview with David WhitMother Smith writes as follows:

F. Smith Joseph mer and Orson by description follows the52. ) Then

Pratt September 7, 1879, on to the ofof the appearance Moroni (Hisright;Soonandafterbeforethis, Josephhe returnedsecuredto thePennsylcopy-

three witnesses. torical Record, 208) Elder Pratt vania, where he had left his wife, he rein subceived a which commandment, reasked was Mr. Whitmer: you "Do this time at revelation given The follows: stance as time the you what saw member

is tranDoctrine First, (See Oliver that should dated June, 1829. Cowdery It in plates?"Answer: was June, scribe that the manuscript. Second, whole Section 18.) Covenants,and latter part the of 1829, the month, should take he but a time copy at one

The Prophet adds: "Soon after and the eight witnesses saw them, the office, so that if one copy should getto

these things had transpired, the fol- I think, the next day or the day destroyed, there would still be a copy relowing additional testimony was obafter [i, e. one or two later]. maining.the office, Third,he shouldthat alwaysin goinghaveto anda guardfrom

tained. [The plates were shown by "Joseph Smith showed them the to attend him for the purpose of protecting

the Prophet to eight other witplates himself, but the angel showed the manuscript. Fourth, that a guard should

the constantly be both kept watch, onnesses.]... Meantime we continthe plates."[the three witnesses] us night the to protect house, day, about and at intervalsued to translate, when of the copyright of Book The persons, malicious the manuscript from who

not under the necessity of attending Mormon is dated June 11, 1829, as would infest the house for the purpose of the things manuscript. All inquirers to these the numerous who first edition. in the now printed the destroying As

strictly to, the as were attended comLord visit us, etc."tobegan (Docutitle the required of only book was instructhese giving After Joseph. manded Vo.l Church, Historymentary of the to state deposited the with law be tions, by to Pennsylvania. returned Joseph

I, page 59.) Sections 18 and 20 of to receive the copyright, this date (Continued on page 374)

the Doctrine and Covenants, both dated June, 1829, appear in the record, after which the Prophet states:

translation our"Meantime, drawing Want to Own a to a close, went to Palmyra, we

Wayne County, New York, securedthe copyright, and agreed with EgHome hike This bert B. Grandin to print five thousand copies for the sum of three

thousand dollars."(Documentary

History of the Church, vol. I, p. 71. $34.50

It would appear by these writings MONTHLY of the Prophet that the translation with NO RAISE IN was completed sometime near the YOUR RENT close of the month of June.

This conclusion is further justified by the fact that the place of the yoursA liveable,on rentlikemoderntermshomeof $34.50like thisper canmonth.be

translation in the Book of Ether This interesting, practical floor plan is only where the three witnesses were one of hundreds we have on file... or well

shown the plates by Moroni is withbe happy to help you express your own ideas you as creating want a homein fortyone pages of the completion in all of handling convenience the details—planit. You'll likeof the book. sercontractor ning, financing, materials and

office. Thus less than nine per cent of vice—right in our one

the book at that time remained to be Sugar House Lumber & Hdw. Co.

translated, or specifically, 547 pages 1174 E. 21st So. Dial 6-8601 Visit Our Home Planning Librait

had been translated and 41 pages

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

THE WRITING OF THE BOOK OF MORMON (Continued from page 373) If true, it is one of the most important meswho wrote for him would have deIf false, sent sages ever to man. from God

( History of the Prophet Joseph, by Lucy bold, tected deception or fraud. of cunning, wicked, it is one the most

Smith, pages 142143.) deeplaid impositions ever palmed upon the Whence came the contents of this

world, calculated to deceive and ruin milbook of sacred scripture, a book

T appears that the entire copy might lions who will receive it as the word of claimed by the translator to contain

I have been prepared before the God. the fulness of the Gospel, the actual

printing began for the reason that Or when Daniel P. Kidder, an words of the resurrected Christ?

the original copy would be kept at early, bitter antiMormon writer deSurely not from the mind of the one a separate place to guard against clared: who dictated as another wrote. He

loss or destruction. In any event, was unlearned, only a farm boy.

the rests the whole Book Upon of Mormon far accomplishment beyond was The to six orone month seven weeks of let us Mormonism; examine whehis achieve. natural ability to sufficient thanwould be no more let time fabricther not foundation us it be a sandy...

to prepare the manuscript, arrange see whether it is from above or below... Whence and when, we repeat, did

for, and actually begin the printing let us prove whether its waters are sweet or he obtain the marvelous doctrines of bitter. (Mormonism and the Mormons, of the history a people the book andwhich, from the evidence presented

Kidder.) 19, Daniel P. 1842, page for lived continent more on this whoherewith, 1829. in August, began

The conclusion is this: Here is a book of six hundred than one thousand years?

its lie in claims. must answer The that for the pages prepared was the translation writing of and The gift translated the Smith Joseph by printer in seventyfive about workApril of commencedBook Mormon record of the sacred and power God It ing days. dictated from was day little 7, at 1829, or before 16 a page ancient people, of "preserved an by to yet a not young day by man about completed wasand July the forth divine to power by come dif- 1, twentyfour years of age. Many in printing 1829. began The to the of convince God, power Jew ficulties interfered: interruption the August, completed 1829, and was is the that the Gentile and Jesus transof the inquirers, the of removal 1926, the of 1830, week by March Christ, the Eternal God."lator to Pennsylvania from New at Grandin Palmyra, Egbert New not can nor do comprehend We in long hand, writing the slow York,York. for understand, yet know may we we etc. in corrections made were No [acts origin concerning the These ourselves the same power by by the manuscript. reno There was this strange as are challengbook of this appeared, which whether book that sure contents to the view make as ing today Pratt Orson when it or not from book came God. The its consistent the of with were book

: wrote this contains promise: sacred claims. dictated translator own The

This book must be either true or false. by the gift and power of God. Those And when ye shall receive these things,

is the Time to GetNOW That BIG WEEDER with The rod 8"behind the rear frame. The

gooseneck and frame 4"higher giving practically 12"more clearance than most competing weeders.

and It is built HEAVIER throughout

The tfolkwA "RecLa-Mator // Farmers must save their stubble to build up the humus content of their soil if they are to stop its washing. If heavy stubble is plowed under on light soil, ordinary weeders often clog. CALKINS WEEDERS have

always had the greatest clearance and "ARE GUARANTEED"to work under any and all conditions where any weeder will work—and—they have proved they will work where many others absolutely failed—but—farmers

have been asking for a weeder with superclearance.

Two Models available—The "RECLA-MATOR"and the REGULAR

Write for prices and literature.

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO.

OGDEN, UTAH

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

You'llfind California 'sThe Writing of the

Book of Mormon greatest thrills at America's

I would exhort you that ye would ask God, mostfamous resort—

the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true; and if ye shall

ask with a sincere heart, with real intent, having faith in Christ, he will manifest the truth of it unto you, by the power of the Holy Ghost. (See Moroni 10:4.) DEL MONTE

By and through this book, faith Between San Francisco and Los Angeles in Jesus Christ the Son of the Eternal

God may become a vital force among on the Monterey Peninsula men and lead them into ways of peace and happiness. For this purpose it is sent forth. Liberty and

freedom rest upon morality, and morality rests upon faith in God.

May the time be hastened when the purpose and the message of this book shall come to all men.

Tisagago (Continued from page 339) head, and listening attentively picked up the sick bleating of sheep, the shrill whinny of horses, the mooing of distressed cows.

Something was wrong at the ranch of White Neighbor. This

Tisagago knew. That she was more

than likely the only one who realized it, she also recognized. Old

and tired as she was, she pulled herself up, and started again toward the cabin. New determination

marked her worn brown face and gave strength to her limbs.

Three hours from San Francisco you will ride into the 20,000 searimmed acres of

When she reached the throughHotel DelforestsMonte. ofHerepineis theand worldrenownedwind-blown cypress,17MileamidDrivefour.,. championshipalong sandy whitegolfbeaches,courses

cabin, she did not knock on the door. (famed Pebble Beach among them) beside the world's most spectacular coastline.

She pushed it open, and stumbled into a small room.

Her quick eyes found White Neighbor immediately. He was lying on a narrow cot in one corner of

the room. His face was flushed with

fever. He tried to raise up when he

saw her, but sank back weakly as she moved toward his bed.

"Where you hurt?"Tisagago

asked, carefully shaping and enunciating the words.

His hand pressed his stomach, and he smiled at her. She knew

suddenly, by his smile and the gladness on his face, that she would not Best of all,.set in the midst of this exHere travelers, who may choose from

be afraid to ask him about the book; citing scene you find Hotel Del Monte all the world's resorts, come again and

that she could have come sooner, and Del Monte Lodge at Pebble Beach again to play—for a weekend, a week or a

without a gift. where you lunch outdoors. month.

"Where you people?"she questioned again.

"Gone Salt Lake. Two days

now."Then she understood. Here was Hotel Del Monte

need, and there was no time to go America's Greatest Resort for a white neighbor; no time to

(Concluded on page 376) For colored map and interesting booklet write Carl S. Stanley,

Manager, Room, Hotel Del Monte, Del Monte, California.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

TISAGAGO

tired, but the Indian ranch. achingly bring another She from was tired,JhauL PLUS (Concluded from page 375) come back until he was well again. tense loosen her not she could task. her This was

Ujcdue, in. littleQuicklybag. sheShetookpoundedherbs thefromherbsher muscles.anticipation.Her Onmindthewastablealivebesidewith

to a powder, put the powder into White Neighbor's bed, she saw the water for White Neighbor to drink, book. The edges of its leaves were PAR SOAP then sat down on his chair to wait. the color of sunlight, as her grand-

... the soap that soaks clothes She was too old to tend the flocks. sons had said. Even when the

whiter... makes dishes sparShe would send one of the Indian White Man slept, she could not

kle.,. and actually helps the boys back to do that when the white bring herself to touch it. She could

softer whiter and hands to

... the loveliness which man's pain was no longer burning wait until he was awake and strong soap

thousands of women acclaim and she could leave. After she had again. He would teach her then;

... is now better than ever, delivered the message, she would that she knew.

with its PLUS values Plus "Pyro"... the ingredient which preTHE CONTROL OF NOXIOUS WEEDS

curds vents soap and dishpan ring, water. ( Concluded from page 327 this to be applied after a good growth in hard even

in spring, four of the to from weeds Makes clothes rinse clear! possibly the widest used and most ecosix rod. genper square This pounds

Plus Glycerine nomical, is that of clean cultivation. erally is used on ditch banks and nonrule cultivation should be the Clean fence or gravelly lines, or clay on movable

to accessible all cultivatable such land cultivated, cannot and be lands, which.which.. the helpshandlotionkeep handsingredientsoft

and smooth, no matter how methods, except, possibly, on very on road ways.

often they are in hot, sudsy small patches on expensive land. GenAnother method of control is by the

water. erally this work is most effectively done use of carbon bisulphide. This treatby power machinery. Deep fall plowment is more expensive but has its apPlus Pottery ing is preferable to prepare the land for plication on highpriced land and on

... the colorful California taearly spring cultivation. If plowing is small areas where the weeds can be

is ble pottery it which so easy spring, should in the done be done fall winter during controlled the and to get Par using Soap. by Get started cultivation as soon early and results as months. expected be Poor may at grocers! Par your Fields should occurs. plant growth clay, gravelly or coarse on heavy

not be cultivated when the soil is too sandy soils, and on soils too wet or too wet. It is best to keep the soil moist dry. Early spring or late fall applito stimulate condition and in good cations avoided. should be two From GIANT spring plant growth. Late rapid stagin holes to four is placed ounces

plowing should be discouraged. Cultigered sixteen inches apart. This revation should be sufficiently frequent, quires about two gallons per square

say from tento fifteenday intervals rod. It is claimed by the manufacto keep the weeds fairly well under the turers that no damage is done to the

surface of the ground. When the soil, and that planting may be resumed

weed plants become weakened then within five weeks following this type the intervals between cultivations may of treatment. Arrangements have

be lengthened. Short regrowth bebeen made by district agricultural inIt is serious. cultivations not tween supervisors is spectors county and weed

IN five to three cultivate well to from for farmers chemicals to secure these inches deep; cultivator blades should in any quantities desired at prevailing

be kept sharp and in good condition. carload prices. It may be that farmers

SIZES Another method of eradication unwill be able to secure the proper tools appliis the the chemicals der circumstances from the for applying some officials. chlorate, "t v 'Regular"and "Giant'sodium cation county and district of powdered

DEATH HOLLOW TRAIL

Send the "Era"to your sons I feet for a probed one, threw and away—and keep them close turn. [ContinuedWith everyfrommusclepage 337)in play I groove,With foundmy my

to home. writhed carefully around to face the free leg up and along the trail. Now

cliff. Without losing a second I for the stirrup and I'd be safe. In

rein. feet bridle the up of elastic skin I ped, the Two caughtENHOLL(Commence Later if Desired)NOW began pulling myself hand over hand my eagerness I overreached, sliplevel bring with judged would me Pat's on. held foreleg and When

$25. Discount on a Complete the trail. I reached out and knew I tried for the stirrup again, it was

IN BEAUTY thrill COURSE as victory of CULTURE the I grasped with grim caution. This time sucAccredited School A State breath, hot hock. Pat's even His

with my face, shocked me into losing cess was mine. From the stirrup a

Ogden School of Beauty Culture caution. Pat's endurance was a cautious pull brought my feet to the

Over Egyptian Theatre OGDEN, UTAH matter of moments. If he slipped or trail, my hand on the horn. The

Name gave an inch we'd both join the bones saddle! I put my hand on Pat's

Address City..State below. neck and felt his muscles relax un376

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Death Hollow Trail der me. I gave all thanks where I

knew it was due.

The gray morning was mine to see again. Of his own accord my horse

moved slowly, unerringly down the trail. Coming out at last into a

grove of scrub cedars we broke into a canter. The lights of the town

twinkled like stars from the valley below. Somehow, from a hitherto

unfelt Source, came the blessed assurance that my son would live. For

the first time in my life I unreservedly acknowledged my Father in Heaven.

Brigham Young as a Public Speaker

( Continued from page 333 used gestures sparingly. Those he

used were well suited to his thought and executed without attracting undue attention. He was insistent that

the sermons given should be heard by those who attended services; he

advised the speaker to project his voice and the audience to refrain from making unnecessary noise.

In his speeches Brigham Young made good use of such techniques as the following: humor, figures of

speech, comparisons and contrasts, and dramatic force. His pleasure

was to give several short discourses at one appearance, but his transitions were always marked and clear. He

used interesting and unusual phraseology. At times he resorted to irony.—get service and

most part he used short,For the conquality productscrete, sentences. complete However, when he used the more combefore you <Jo—

plex forms, they were clear and to the point. and along the way

His methods for opening and closing his sermons meet well the at the PEP 88VICO technique as advocated in current speech texts. His speeches were sign

purposeful and made use of the ap-i peal to life's impelling motives.

General contemporary judgment Misconception inchurchesprayerin andgeneral,preceptthen byat leastChristiantwoof Brigham as a Young's ability spitespeaker, in of petty some very Concerning godsGospelwereplan.operatingWhy shouldunitedlynotin suchthe facontrary, the tocomments was

intelliattainment be earned by othervorable. Belief Mormon progress? eternal of in the course gences devoted Brigham Young's life was challenge concept a not such Does ( Concluded from page 346to taught a great principle. he What in noblest best man? and anew the

lived, livedhe he he taught. and what intelligent beings. In the latadvanced doctrine of polyThus the Mormon those convinced heardHe who is truly polytheistic. him ter sense it

the objectioncarries theism none of his intenseby judgment and good

Polytheism, as understood, the animal, features panature, able of and byearnestness. Brigham Young was

is Saints, civilization, basically Latterday Chrisprimitive a of worship gan in the generallynot acan orator tian doctrine. in to highest Christian conJesus prayed the yet upholds God

cepted sense of the word, but he personal terms as one intelligent being cept of purpose, direction, and unity was thoroughly saturated with the speaks to another. His whole life and in the plan of salvation, as typified by

cause he had accepted and with his message were colored by this relationthe Godhead, a trinity, which certainly subject matter; added to this he ship. If Jesus attained the status of is generally accepted Christian doc-

(Concluded on page 378) Godhood with His Father, as conceded trine.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

THE ADVERTISERS BRIGHAM YOUNG AS A PUBLIC SPEAKER and Where You Will Find {Concluded from page 377) expression of his life. Results of

Their Messages possessed the gift of repartee. This thissermon,greatwerelife, bothwhichimmediate,was his bestso

Alexandria Hotel...378 combination made him a speaker that he could help reap the benefits,

326 Roofing in situation, Asphalt the famous, under American Co any that the children subsequent, so and Life Insurance Beneficial Co led. the of eyes people he whom better posterity the of might rise up Cover Back his gave up and mind made He 355 Bluhill blessed. Company Cheese and call him

to his himself cause. a was He 354 Borden Company effect his his on by own Judged

381 University practical practical a and Brigham man Young later results his of the times and by 327 Oil Continental Company truth, his the of speaker because duty influence, one Brigham Young was...365, 381 Music Company Daynes his to to himself, fellow to men, and all 375 of times. the greatest of pioneers Hotel Del Monte

it. his chief His demanded God 351 Deseret Company Book in the has a Church had None

his gaining desires of 382 Press method Deseret was News greater task to perform, nor has any Remedy....378 Hall's Canker Doctor to the ordinary, through appeal an

it fittingly, the than performed more Eimco Company practical. 323 the the commonplace,

.364 the here termed Brigham Wakefield Young man Emma direct, his clearcut, and Through Ford Motor Company speaker.

Inside Front Cover convincing speech the listener could

Fuller Paints and Glass Co 326 never doubt the sincerity of the man.

365 Bros. Music Company Glen of speaking linked His with methods

Co. 354. 380 Grain Globe 6 Milling personality great and own huBRIGHAM YOUNG 356 his Press Hovey

interests manitarian without a doubt Intermountain Beet Sugar In325 dustry his FILM HIGHLIGHT truly great leader of made him a

Inside Back Cover KSL time. If the results of his speaking highlight the from /\ne Brigham 357 Kerr Glass Co. quality of its judged may be by the 326 Hotel Lankershim asked have and Young film we

L. D. S. Business College 383 influence, Brigham Young, if not an received permission to perpetuate in

327 Strauss Levi orator, certainly profound a was in is fiction the speech While Fuel Co. 357 Supply Mountain effects his speaker. of The it is spirit speakprint.detail, in moving and funStates Implement 374 Mountain political, social, in things educaInc. 357 ing Nalley's damental:

Ogden School of Beauty 376 tional and cultural, economical, and

Pacific Greyhound 321 religious stand as monuments to his Brigham Young's Court Room

Par Soap...376 memory. The certainty with which Speech in Defense of

Biscuit Purity Company 321 his utterances and prophecies have Joseph Smith of Beauty..355 Quish School

Royal Baking Company 356 been fulfilled has its effect in the "Now, gentlemen, I'm not asking you 324 the Saltair even today. Beach Corp Church What single to believe thing Smith a Joseph..379 of California.. Standard Brands is for teaches stands Church and

I let said. to him But do ask you Oil Co. Standard in him. of testimony embodied The Inside Front Cover it, it, to. if lieve believed want you let me those remaining few once knew who Sr.ar-K.ist 357 Tuna to forefathers mine came and Your is interestYoung, HardBrigham most and Sugarhouse Lumber ware Co 373 ing and sincere with praise for the this country for one great reason—to

beliefs their for persecution and Pacific 356 Stages Union of counsel he gave and escape them 356 words Engraving Utah Co everybuild a to free country where his effect lasting life profor the Insurance Fire 379 Utah Home pleased. as he worship might body God theirs. duced upon Oil 377 Co. Utah & Refining

Utah Poultry Producers'Coop. Coming as he did from comparThat's what brought the Puritans to

...379 to PennsylAssn the Quakers to the Massachusetts, ative obscurity poverty and

Co. 326 Chemical Wasatch vania, the Caroto South Huguenots attained, heights he which he was 324 Exchange Wilson Book lina, the Catholics to Maryland. And all deserving the of any power more Star 355 Tuna White

Yergensen Teachers Agency 380 and glory which may have been his. when they'd found what they were

His words and works and the man after, they fought a war to hold on to

IN LOS ANGELES himself have taken a place in Amerit, and they drew up one of the noblest ican folklore and tradition. documents ever written—the ConstiBrigham Young will continue to tution of the United States—to govern UKANWaA Hotel go down in history because through free men. And the very first word they

5th at Spring his power to influence people by put on that piece of paper guarantees $2.50 Tariff from

in l-'.vur.y and Shower Room means of his speaking: he held the to every man the right to worship God A Tub

Recognized Utah Headquarters in "Mormons"together; he led them as he pleases, and prohibits Congress,

Los Angeles to a new home; he taught them to or anybody else, from ever doing any-

V. SMITH, Managing CLAYTON Director protect themselves against those thing to take away that right. You of Salt Formerly Lake City

who would have destroyed them; he can't convict Joseph Smith just because

trained them to be selfsustaining he happens to believe something you don't believe. You can't go againstIPSE For OVER FIFTY YEARS members of society.

His work as Territorial Governor everything your ancestors fought and

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple and as President of the Church took died for. If you do, your names—not

throatsore hisin settlements, the he Joseph into where go down and other minor mouth him Smith's—will

irritations. throatand in the traitors. They'll stink tory as people, advising to the them spoke

as to proper developments in the records—and be a shameful thing on

job was to build the tongues of your children!"—CopyHall's Canker Remedy new home. Their

536 East 2nd So. at Salt Lake City, Utah up Zion. right, 1940, by Twentieth CenturyFox

Brigham Young's speech was an Film Corporation.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Rulon S. Well:

(Continued from page 331

very day, and probably at die same moment, my name was being called in the Tabernacle at Salt Lake City, where the conference was then being held, for a mission.

The first intimation I had of this call was when my mother, then fiftyone years old, rode on horseback, in company with

Archibald Livingstone, who was superintendent of the mills, on the following day to the mill and apprised me of this fact.

Accordingly, on October 22, 1875, at the age of twentyone, Brother

Wells was ordained a Seventy, and set apart for his mission to Europe by President Brigham Young, assisted by President Daniel H. Wells. Look for these famous Utah eggs at your grocers..On arriving in Liverpool he was assigned to the Swiss and German use them in 1001 ways in summer dishes.

Mission, where, in 1876, he assisted A Product of theElder Theodore Brandley in holding a public meeting in the city of BerUTAH POULTRY PRODUCERS'COOP ASS'N lin, which was attended by officials "Milk White"Eggs are used in All M. I. A. Cooking Schools

of the German empire, there being present members of the Reichstag, severalthe royal police, repreand

:;.::;:.:.;.;..:;:.:; r '|;;:;... statesentatives of the church. Re-:.:::;,.-

turning home with a company of emigrating Swiss and German ROYAL GELATIN DESSERTS

Saints, he arrived in Salt Lake City, Seven popular flavors. Pure, delicious gelatin ROYAL

July 23, 1877. He was afterward for tasty, colorful desserts. Also Royal Salad

active as a home missionary for a Gelatin, which has a meatlike flavor (not sweet), number of years. and is ideal for jellied soups and moulded salads.

in the Brother employ Wells was PUDDINGS ROYAL

I. untilof 1877 Z. 1880, from C. M.

Butterscotch, Vanilla Puddings Chocolate, and royal'CHOCoiAT*: for for kept a books fewand months

Rich, smooth, Royal Vanilla Tapioca. creamy

MrJohn Brooks, who was running puddings that are easy to make.the Chicago Smelter at Rush Lake,

In 1881, County. heTooele acROYAL BAKING POWDER

position withcepted a Hon. John

nationallydistributed only baking powder his The having of chargeW. Young,

with cakes and cream of tartar. For fluffy made the in Arizona onbooks and clerks

line of the Atlantic and Pacific Railgrand biscuits.

way Company, where Brother Young had a contract for building FLEISCHMANN'S YEAST one hundred miles of road, besides—The All -Purpose Yeast

getting out ties and timber. for Household Use.

He returned home in December, Now—drink this famous food to your health, in

1882, and January 18, 1883, married plain, cool, tomato juice, milk or water.You'll like it!

Miss Josephine E. Beattie, daughter

of Hampton S. and Marion T.

Beattie. During this year he built

his home in the Eighteenth Ward where he resided until his death.

In that ward he served as teacher in the Sunday School, ward teacher, QnAWlSL...

president of the Mutual Improvement Association, and second assistYour registered stock and dairy herds against death from any cause.

ant superintendent of the Sunday

School.

On returning from Arizona he was again employed by Z. C. M. I.

until March, 1 886, when he accepted Your animals while in transit to market.

the secretaryship of the Cooperative Let us quote you rates.

Wagon and Machine Company, then known as Grant, Odell & ComHEBER I. GRANT <& COMPANY

pany. He served as secretary and 20 So. Main Street

treasurer, also as director of this Salt Lake City, Utah (Continued on page 380) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

Rulon S. Well

(Continued from page 379)

institution until 1896, excepting for about a year, 1891-2, during which time he had charge of the office work of Heber J. Grant & Company.

He had also served as secretary of

Zion's Benefit Building Society, and was elected secretary of the Home

Fire Insurance Company of Utah, which position he held until 1896.

April 5, 1893, Rulon S. Wells

was chosen to fill the vacancy in the First Council of Seventy caused by the death of President

Jacob Gates, and was ordained on the same day to that position by

President George Q. Cannon, assisted by President Wilford Woodruff and several of the Apostles.

May 8, 1896, he was called on his second mission to Europe, this time to succeed President Anthon H.

Lund as President of the European

Mission. During this mission he

visited the districts of the Church in Great Britain and the continental missions several times, chiefly in company with Elder Joseph W. McMurrin, his colaborer in the presidency of the mission. He returned

home December, 1898. Soon after //netazW GLOBE "Al"*a&/FLOUR his return from Europe he took up

the insurance business, and on De- *0Ol)()mm04NM >-Wh: >-M0Mna0<K0()()! cember 1, 1899, was installed as

manager at Salt Lake City of the

Mutual Life Insurance Company of

Superintendents New York, which position he held for several years.

and Teachers Brother Wells often quoted from

Send thi memory extensive passages of poetry

Best Friend andEnglish.scriptureFor inmanyboth yearsGermanhe wasand

associated with Dr. Widtsoe on the

foreign language committee of the m Church, assisting with the supervision and publication of the foreign language newspapers of the Church.

His own published works include to uour sons i at yjouA many discourses, some verse, a series of weekly radio addresses $AMC... delivered over KSL from the Taberaway from home

nacle from August 14, 1938, to

November 13, 1938. At his death

also he left an unfinished and unana keep them published manuscript on Priesthood.

President Wells was honored by representatives of the Seventy closer to home of the entire Church on the fortyeighth anniversary of his call

YERGE3VSE1V to the First Council of the Seventy and church ties Teachers. Agency atat athemeetingrecent heldgeneralin BarrattConference,Hall,

KATHERYN YERGENSEN, Mgr. Saturday afternoon, April 5, 1941,

939 So. 12 East Street on which occasion he instructed the

Salt Lake City, Utah brethren in their duties and recited some verse concerning his own life wmt-n+mm* i i? which he wrote for his family on the

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 194)

RULON S. WELLS

iC 99occasion of his eightyfourth birthSalt Lake City. Also surviving are

day. three sisters, Miss Frances Wells, Mrs. Clara Hedges, and Mrs. An- Y

As a Public Servant nie Wells Cannon; six brothers, Summer Quarter

Tn the winter of 1873-4, Brother Melvin D., Louis R., Stephen F.,

Visiting Experts B., and Charles Wells, Gershon H. the chosen by Utah was Wells

of City, Salt Lake Major and clerk. In alllegislature Hulliish, as engrossing Dr. H. G. of Bryant General H. Wells HonoEducator Ohio1874, employed he by Elder was

lulu, are eight grand- T. There H. assessor in the R. F. Supt. R. and WinderJohn Wegner, children. Educator York office Newcollector's for Salt City. Lake

In 1900, he was elected to the state The devotion of his sons and Dr. Philo M. Buck,

legislature on the Democratic ticket, daughters during his last illness, Author and Critic receiving the largest number of votes with their constant attendance, was Dr. Daryl Chase,

of any Salt Lake county candidate, a tribute to him and to them. Director L. D. S. Institute,

notwithstanding the fact that the Despite his age Brother Wells Tucson, Ariz.

Republicans, with one exception, was not given to illness. Some President Hyrum Manwarwere swept into office by substantial minor chronic annoyances incident ing,

majorities. Following his brief to age were his, but he filled his Ricks College

career in the legislature, he served appointments and kept his hours at Dr. J. C. Moffitt,

four years as Salt Lake City counthe office, and carried his share of Provo Educator

Ellsworth, J. O.cilman, to 1908. In rec1904 from on Dr. the the burden. weekend On Texas Economist ability of hisognition in insurance to taken the hospital which he was

C. Dent, Brotherwork, Wells was appointed at a stake E. to speak he was scheduled

Instruction Expert Visualstate insurance commissioner by banquet. leadership wherever And

Quartette, RothGovernor Simon Bamberger his glowing youthful and he comwent (Roth, Shaier, Weinstock, Edel,held that post from 1917 to 1921. beplexion white hair abundant and will concerts) teach and play

His Family lied his years. Dr. Lorin F. Wheelwright,

To those who were intimate with Stanley Chappie, Ernest

Josephine Beattie Wells, wife him it would not seem fitting to say Wolff, Andor Foldes, of Rulon S. Wells, and mother of that death overtook Rulon S. Wells. Music

his seven children, died in 1923. It would be more accurate to record Floyd Cornaby, Glen TurFour daughters and two sons surthat he finished his work, and anner,

vive: Mrs. D. D. Moffat, Mrs. Fred swered the call to move on to those Art

W. McEntire, Seymour Wells, Sidquarters where the righteous and the 240 Courses in 33 Departney B. Wells, Miss Helen Wells, faithful are pursuing the business ments

and Miss Dorothy Wells, all of of another life.

Varied Recreation Program

First Term:

18 EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS June 9—July

(Continued from page 353) little things may lead to discord. To Alpine Term:

hereafter. The family, continued create unhappiness is the aim of the July 21—August 23

from earth into the next world, adversary of righteousness. Here

becomes a unit in external life. appears one of the foremost blessIn the long eternities we shall ings of the temple marriage. Those Brigham Young University

not be lonely wanderers, but who have been sealed in the temple PROVO, UTAH side by side, with our loved ones have their eyes fixed upon eternity.

who have gone before and those They dare not forfeit the promised who shall follow, we shall travel the blessings. The family is to them

eternal journey. What mother does an everlasting possession. They renot value this promise! What famember the covenants which make

ther does not feel his heart warm possible this eternal association. The

for pipe reed organs specially and

L. D. S.towards the eternal possession of temple marriage, with all that it AgentsORGANSsuited for Churches, including the new

electropneumatichis family! heartbreakings organ. Special twomanual force means, a restraining becomes What

Call for demonstration or catwrite for avoided,might temptation. the presence of have been if humanin All prices.alogues.

ity likely truth, the family acts been true to had are more and CO. to be DAYNES MUSIC to the anticipation in sealing surrendered ofhad shaped an undying patronage We solicit your

power of the Priesthood of God. relationship. Under the influence 47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City

Temple marriage becomes a promise of the memory of the temple cereof eternal joy. mony, family differences are swal-

6. It acts as a restraint against lowed up in peace; hate is transSend the "Era"to your sons

evil. The powers of darkness are muted into love; fear, into courage;ever active to push mankind into and evil is rebuked and cast out. away—and keep them close

evil paths. Often, we are tempted Peace is the world's great need. to home.

to do foolish things. In the family (Concluded on page 383)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

SOLUTION OF MAY PUZZLE Scriptural Crossword PuzzleAn Intrepid Interpreter king "The ansivered said and to Daniel, whose was name Belteshazzar, Art thou able unto known I the dream me which have the seen, and interpretation 2: 26. to thereof?"—Dan.make

no, n

ACROSS

1 "Art... able to make known 35 "Come,. the works of the

unto me the dream which I have Lord"seen"is.. there 37 "But. God in heaven

4 ". that.. thou God of my fathers"revealeth secrets"

it is a rare thing that the Printer's measure 38 ( Word to the 5 'AndOf... requireth"Lorenzo 39

boveuj Spring Jjrlae 109 PartOld Testamentof the 53 across;book digit 4142 CitySundayandSchoollake

12 Pattern 44 "or loose the bands of... ";

14 Samoan fish; lessee (anag.) stars

Be sure to see our beautiful, in1816 DoctrinesIronore sand; ere I sin (anag.) 46 Where(anag.)the Croats live; air a cot

smiles 20 Broad the teeth showing 49 "knew not that evil was... expensive line of Wedding An-

... till 21 that a "Thou stone was them"

nouncements and Invitations. cut out without hands"50 Church of England

Here you will find a complete 2322 "the"his breastkingdom.. shall. his.arms.. ofdivided"silver"5152 "Bear"Then rulethe overking. made.. the Danielearth"a

.. now be attentive"man"

(Scot.). assortment of wedding station2426 "LetDrinkingthinecup 53 "the...stone that smote the...

ery, the latest and smartest. 28 Meat jellies became a great mountain"

30 Inducing to vomit 32 "what shall come... pass"Our Text from Daniel is 1, 4, 5, 21,

PROMPT, COURTEOUS 33 "came... stood before the king"22, 35, 37, 52, and 53 combined

ATTENTION 34 Epoch DOWN Call or write today 1 Braids of hair 25 "and shall not he... to every

2 A minor prophet man according to his works"3 Write again 27 Reproachful charges

Thankless 6 from Aaron 7 CJw JJes&iet CJ\tews 4 Hawaiian bird 29 Jewish surname indicating descent Name 31 Middle Atlantic state 8 Grandfather 33 Feminine name (Prress. 109 GreekForms letterof verbs 35 "insteadup the myrtleof the tree"... (var.)shall come

the children 11 "and of Gad his stay can called 36 "none hand, altar the 29 Richards Street..."Josh. 22: 34 him, unto doest thou?... "say What

Salt Lake City. Utah 1513 Handwritings"but at the end it shall speak, and 37 In fromhis oldgoutage this king suffered

Pioneer printers and binders of the 17 Kingnot of. Bashan 4340 WesternMale deerstate

West 19 Greek letter 45 Metal compound 23 "and made him ruler over the 47 Electrical unit whole province of..."48 Suffix signifying "pertaining to"

382 50 New England state

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, JUNE, 1941

"L. D. S. TRAINING PAYS!"EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

( Concluded from page 38 1 under divine authority, to possess Here's a SHORT ROUTE to the it, to be a part of it, is to walk with BETTER JOBS—

Lord, of the and the templesFrom hearts, grateful with heads erect, High School... within everything them,from done in before Heaven. our Father The

is issues of truth the spirit which have men and who women come Business College of ofthe foundation the peace of with out this power the Lords eternity. Holy House will be hedged about by

7. It furnishes the opportunity for divine protection and walk more Employment!

endless progression. Modern revesafely among the perplexities of

lation sets forth the large destiny of earth. They will be indeed the ultithose who are sealed for everlasting mate conquerors of earth, for they "In every walk of

companionship. They will be given come with the infinite power of God life, business

opportunity for a greater use of their to solve the problems of earth. trainingone to takehelpsadof many Spiritual progress.powers. accompanies That power means that all who vantageopportunities

arise. ''Corporal in will attain readily the temple, thenceif they to marry moreThey

Schick. Erwin their their covenants. in the of the place sacred presence forth keep Kaysville, Utah, a

Lord; they will increase more rapidly 9. It provides a Godlike destiny formerary, now missionon spein every divine power; they will apfor human beings. "If a man marry cialduty, U.enlistmentS. Army.

proach more nearly to the likeness a wife by my word, which is my completelyof they will God; more

Erwin Schick their realize destiny; divine and inglaw, covenant,and by theandnewit isandsealedeverlastunto

that progress is not delayed until them by the Holy Spirit of promise, life It tohere, after begins death.

is anointed, unto him by who whom "L. the D. S yield forday, obedience those who this appointed and I have power schoolis friendliest

isto tasteless Life law. the without I ever have this priesthood; of the keys and

.. I it tended amatprogress. with marriage, Eternal enjoying shall shall said unto office be them—Ye it all more work even for that unprovides means, first forth resurrection; in the come I I than hoped in- "Eternalending advancement. would."Mary—it if first after the resurrecbe and Weaver, Lou is all giftcrease"to the enter who Preston, Idaho. tion, in resurrection; the next and

Enrolledinto October eternal the covenant, marriage shall inherit thrones, kingdoms, 1 9 4 inas of the temples made ployed December the Lord. principalities, powers, and domin- 7, 2, 1940.

8. It places the family under the ions, all heights and depths...

protection of the power of the then shall they be gods because they Mary Lou Weaver

Priesthood, They who have won a have no end; therefore they shall

temple marriage have been sealed be from everlasting to everlasting, for time and eternity by the power because they continue; then shall "Two months

of the Holy Priesthood. It is the they be above all, because all things ago,work on I mystartedfirst

I like the eachsupreme power committed to man's are subject unto them. Then shall workreal job.more

keeping. That power issues from they be gods, because they have all day, but I miss

the unseen world. It gives life and power, and the angels are subject withassociatingthosewithI

to lovelight to the world. Human life, with unto them.'* (Doctrine and Coveandlearnedappreciateits cares and worries is transfigured nants, 132: 19, 20; see also Imthe L. D. S. Busiat

into a radiant experience and adprovement Era, 17:1064; 30:1098; nessNona College."-Marchant,

Idaho, this it clings 34:704; to divineventure when employed

it. 330: 43:109.) is blessed there.power and by walk 39:214; 41:136. 220. 268. nowBurley,in a bank To

Nona Marchant

"There are many for THE EDITOR'S PAGE oppportunities {Conclude:! from page 329) with God that we will do His bidclericaliness collegemen. Busfel-

who know not God and His true ding and keep His commandmentslowsselves findusefulthemand being and existence cannot feel. May the Lord help us that we may thesoughtarmy afterbecausein

of their blessings are promisedThese all these to receive worthy such be wontraining."—specialCorlightly Latterday Saint canthat no poral derful blessings the to Martin promised

set aside any counsel or commandfaithful man and woman, because Johnson,Utah, also Logan,a returned marriage, concerning properment attains faithful the whatever man staary, principleor other of the Gospel any tioned will faithful him. share wife the with nowatmissionSanCali- Luis Obispo, realizationthat of his hazard would live that those know who we so fornia. May

greatest possibilities. not the truth, seeing our diligence, Martin Johnson

integrity, live seeing seeing the honcon- our should live as we Do we Register for the NOW that the greatsidering esty of our lives, has our uprightness testimony and Term Summerbeen given to us? Do we keep His our loyalty to God in fulfilling every

commandments as we ought to do? obligation, every requirement and L. D. S. Business College

If we have not done so in the past, every law of the Gospel, will be inSalt Lake City, Utah let us resolve this day to do so in spired to embrace the Gospel, that Information gladly sent on request.

the future. Let us make a covenant they too may have an eternity of joy.

a nd Burs BOJoteTPaqe Fairbanks, Alaska. PROOF OF THE PUDDING

Dear Editors:

AM enclosing a picture of Miss Betty Johnson that was taken "Don't you know it is bad form to sop up gravy with your

I while she sat on the queen's float crowned as "Miss Fairbread?"

banks"at the Annual Dog Derby and Ice Carnival of Alaska, "It may be bad form, but it is mighty good taste."

March 6, 7, 8, 9, 1941. Betty is the secretary of our Sunday

truly Branch, Fairbanks School here in our and she made a fine FEEL BETTER? representative of the reigned the recent as she over Church

celebration. Nervous passenger: "Don't drive so fast around the corners. It makes me nervous."

Driver: "You don't want to get scared. Do as I do—shut

your eyes when we come to the corners."

VOICE OF EXPERIENCE

Mister: "Hurry, I have tickets for the new movie."

Mrs.: "Fine, I'll start getting dressed right away. When

does it start?"

Mister: "First show is at seven tomorrow evening."

FIRST STEP

College graduate: "What would you advise as the first

thing to do to get a start in the business world?"

Hardhearted businessman: "Sell your wrist watch and buy

an alarm clock."

THE A. M. P. AGAIN

BETTY JOHNSON The much preoccupied professor walked into the barber shop

Each year Sourdoughs and Cheechakoes (oldtimers and and sat down in a chair, next to a woman who was having her newcomers) select a queen from each of the larger Alaskan hair bobbed.

cities to compete for the title of "Miss Alaska,"who rules over "Hair cut, please,"ordered the professor.

the Carnival festivities that mark the return of spring to the "Certainly,"said the barber, "but would you mind taking

Northland. Although "Miss Nome"defeated Betty for the your hat off first?"

title of "Miss Alaska,"we thought that you might be interested The customer hurriedly removed his hat. "I'm sorry,"he

to know that wherever our Mormon girls are found they are apologized as he looked around, "I didn't know there was a queens. lady present."

Sincerely your brother, Elder Lorin G. Folland, REINFORCED

Alaska District President.

said off,"that "Laugh the fat man's wife as she sewed his -4 wire. with button on Tremonton, Utah. vest

Editor: JUST a line to tell my appreciation of the Era. I am reading PECULIARITIES

it from cover to cover. All the articles are fine, interesting,

find that in must rather inimpediment speech "You your President educational. inspires us his and always Grant with

at times, convenient Briggs?"Mr. fine articles, of expressing himself and his and emphasizing way his is peculiarity. nono; "Oh, everybody has Stammering his I feel points. that personally, Perhaps he but means me

is y-yours?"I m-m-mine; what

collectively, he he doesn't because speaks instead of know

I really, that "Well, not any."aware I have am individually.

stir y-your right with cocoa you "D-do hand?"your Whitney. W. W. yes, of course.""Why,

> "W-well, that is your p-peculiarity; most p-people u-use a

spoon."Sandy, Utah the is with National in California, Guard has TRY IT SOMETIME 1V1 please have AY written—"Willson, who you Era my Improvement

It sent to fine here will certainly me. down be to have somehis said son, "Dad,"extravagant "do you think they will

like thing to read. that I only with brought The book find substitute me ever a

is..."Bible. my leather.""They have one now, forson—shoegasoline?"will suggest hope I do that editor article you to your an

be written occasionally to our Mutual boys who are in camp.

We mothers would be grateful. BUT STILL KINFOLKS

Sincerely, Mrs. A. Morrell. Flaherty: "And so yer name is Reilly? Are yez related to

Tim Reilly?"

$ Reilly: "Very distantly. Oi wuz me mither's first child and

Tim was her tenth."

Sunday School Teacher: "Willie, what parable do you

like best?"

Willie: "The one about the multitude that loafs and fishes."GENEROUS OF HIM

Caller: "We are collecting for the Old Ladies'Home.

"How do you manage to live in this barren country?"Won't you give something?"

"Well, last year it was on hope, this year mostly on faith, Man of the House: "Sure thing. You can have my

and we think next year it will be on charity."motherin-law."

long as this nation possesses young men and young women strong&f.s in their faith in God, sturdy in their belief in the American Way of

Life, steadfast in virtuous living with pride in their heritage—we

can face the future with confidence*

KSL extends welcome to thousands of these young men and young women as they meet this month for the FortySixth Annual Conference of the Mutual Improvement Association.

SALT LAKE CITY KSL

.

FACING THE

FUTURE Never In a man's life is the future more bright than when he marries. Never is there a time when

he so happily takes the responsibility for providing for his bride all the days of her life... and

never is there a time.more ideal

to guarantee the "happy ending"through well planned Life

Insurance.

Congratulations..

Mr. and Mrs. Newlywed.

and to help plan a sound financial program, may we offer, without cost or obligation, the services of the well trained Beneficial Life Man in your community. Such a program need

utilize only a small portion of your current income. Life Insurance is the sure and safe way of

securing the future.

e@Ai Heber J. Grant, Pre*. Salt Lake C.ty. Utah