MPROVEMENT

ERA

THIS ISSUEOCTOBER, 1936!

BEGINNING "THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN Volume 39 Number 10

BY ALBERT R. LYMAN—A NEW WESTERN NOVEL Return Postage Guaranteed

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH THE RETURNED MISSIONARY/'BY PRESIDENT RUDGER

CLAWSON—A SURVEY SUMMARY.

THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM, through KSL, presents the eighth season of the American School of the Air beginning on Tuesday, October II. The

193637 broadcasts of the School of the Air will be heard over ninety stations of the

Columbia network, bringing this modern method of supplementary education to teachers and pupils from coast to coast and from the frozen North to the tropical countries to the South of the United States.

I. Helen Johnson, director of the American School of the

Air. 2. Classroom scene, with pupils listening and learning

by radio. 3. Awaiting rehearsal, Gene Leonard and Betty

Garde, actors in the School. 4. Typical broadcast. Not

actors at microphone, elaborate sound effects equipment.

KSL is proud to release the American School of the The American School of the Air is an American

Air to listeners in the Intermountain area. It will be institution, an outstanding broadcast in interest as

heard five days each week from 1 2: 1 5 to 1 2:45 p.m. well as in its informative value. KSL invites teachers,

with the following subjects treated: Mondays, and all others who may be interested, to write for

History; Tuesdays, Music and Literature; Wednes- a schedule of programs and study outline. Make

days, Geography; Thursdays, Music, Literature and use of this series of brilliant programs, another conScience; Fridays, Vocational Guidance and Current tribution of KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting

Events. System to the service radio provides.

THE VOICE OF THE WEST KSL Heber J. Grant,

John A. Widtsoe,

Editors Richard L. Evans,

Managing Editor Marba C. Josephson, Associate Editor Improvement

George Q. Morris, General Mgr.

Clarissa A. Beesley, Associate Mgr.T. K. Orton, Business Mgr. OCTOBER, 1936

"The Glory of God is Intelligence""THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE DEPARTJEUA ASSOCIATIONS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT

MENT OF EDUCATION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD

OF THE CHURCH AGENCIES OTHER ANDCOMING TEACHERS,

LATTERDAY CHRIST OF OF JESUS IN NOVEMBER SAINTS.

AS THE PRESIDENT OF THE CHURCH

REACHES HIS EIGHTIETH BIRTHDAY "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"WILL RETABLE OF CONTENTS VIEW PRESIDENT GRANT'S EIGHTY

YEARS OF SERVICE AS SEEN BY HIS

ASSOCIATES: Lshurch Cleatures

"THE PRESIDENT AND APOSTLE"—Changing Attitudes Toward the Church Heber J* Grant 587 PRES. RUDGER CLAWSON. The Returned Missionary—A Statistical Survey

Rudger Clawson 590 "A CHARACTER STUDY"—DR. JOHN Winter Quarters is Immortalized in Stone A. WIDTSOE. John A. Widtsoe 595

The Paradise of the Pacific Welcomes the Leaders of

M, L A* Albert E. Bowen 603

"PATRON OF DRAMA, LITERATURE, How Fares the Church in Germany Roy A* Welker 607 D. PYPER. AND ART"—GEORGE

The Journal of Archer Walters (Part 3) 612

The Church Moves On, 614; The Story of Our Hymns,

"THE BUSINESS MAN"—HEBER M. George D. Pyper, 619; Priesthood: Ward Teaching, 626;

WELLS. Aaronic, 628; David Lawrence quotes Improvement Era,

629; Mutual Messages, 630; Departments: Adults, 631;

Gleaners, 631; Juniors, 632; BeeHive Girls, 633.

"DEFENDER OF THE WORD OF WISDOM"—JAMES H. WALLIS.

Si ectal oleatures "THE FATHER"—LUCY GRANT CANThe Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R Lyman NON.

Introduction 598 Chapter I 600 AND OTHER FEATURES AND FELICIOld Byron Letter Discovered Andrew Davison Glad 610

TATIONS FROM HIS FRIENDS. The Outlook for Peace Arthur L. Beeley 618

Exploring the Universe, Franklin S. Harris, Jr., 613; From

of Howells, a Bishop's Diary 623; Wife, Adele Cannon PRESIDENT the OF PORTRAIT ALSO, A 624; 625; Rack, Homing, and Ours, the Book Your Page On IN REPRODUCTION GRANT COLOR—A

OF THE JOHN W. CLAWSON STUDY IN 648; Index to Our Advertisers, 629.

OIL.

SECOND INSTALMENT OF "THE OUTibattortals

MOUNTAIN"NAVAJO LAW OF R. BY The "Mormon"Missionary John A. Widtsoe 616 THE STIRRING LYMAN. ALBERT

PAHUTE OF OLD POSEY, THE STORY DRAWhat of These Changing Attitudes? Richard L. Evans 616 OUTLAW, POIGNANTLY AND

MATICALLY TOLD BY ONE WHO KNEW Scoreboards.Marba C. Josephson 617

THE RENEGADE INDIAN AS IT HAS BEEN GIVEN FEW TO KNOW ONE OR ANOTHER PEOPLE.

QJtcttoa ana [Poetry EXECUTIVE AND EDITORIAL The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Albert R. Lyman OFFICES:

Street, Salt Lake Introduction 598 50 North Main

City, Utah Chapter I 600 Copyrght Improvement1932,Associationby the YoungCorporationMen's Mutualof the The Scriptures in Crossword Puzzle 622

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints. Frontispiece, The Call of Autumn, Frances M. Burdett, 586;

price, reserved. Subscription All rights What $2.00 a year, Single 20c in advance; Copy. WhatI FoundWe inHaveHawaii,Done,RuthC. MayN. Lund,Fox, 633.604; Poetry Page, City, 615; at Post Office, Salt the Entered Lake

Utah, as secondclass matter. Acceptance

for mailing at special rate of postage provided for in section 1103, Act of October, authorized 1917, July Improvement Era2, 1918.is not responsible cJhe Ciover The

for unsolicited manuscripts, welcomes but is of changing of changing scenery. the month Leaves, and moods all October will exercise care in and handling

golden, yellow, line brown, the the ground. and crimson, walks and cover contributions.

They are dramatic enough to make us say with Bliss Carman:

A MAGAZINE FOR EVERY "TheOf buglesscarletgoingof theby."maples can shake me like a cry

MEMBER OF THE FAMILY Photograph by Lionel Green.

Photo by Lionel Green

is so wonderful to me as autumn's sunset light, Rothing

As straight across the burnished sky drift flocks of geese in flight;

Such are the scenes that lure me, that beckon me home again.

The yellow leaves on the white bark trees, those sentinels of the glen.

I long to walk in the meadow, where the grass is damp and lush;

I long to climb to the hilltop, where the bright red berries blush,

And there to see, through the purpling dusk, the peaceful lights of home

My world will then be bright again, and never more I'll roam.

Changing attitudes

BY THE PRESIDENT TOWARD

HEBER J. G RANT CHURCH

"porty years ago the only church that was refused an audience in the hall of

Religions at the Chicago World's Fair was the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints, the only Church in America which claims to have been established by

DIVINE REVELATION. HOWEVER, AT THE LAST RELIGIOUS CONFERENCE HELD IN CHICAGO IN 1933 A

REPRESENTATIVE OF THIS CHURCH APPEARED AND WAS INVITED—PresidentTO MAKEHeberA SECONDJ. Grant.ADDRESS."

the years ago I of Mohammerce City, reKansas andForty T)resident presid- I Heber Grant, that marked as President owned, medan, the the the Turk, Jew, *- ing the of head Church, J.Mormon of the nearly onehalf Church, of priest, Shinto other every and invited was guest an at speaker and City, Kansas get I could but not religious its the Institute creed permitted Relations, held was of Human

representative to speak in the Hall in Estes Park, Colorado, August 7 to possession of it, because under the 12, 1936, under the sponsorship law, of adverse cerpossession for aof in Religions at the Fair World's the National Conference of Jews and tain of years gives number a oneChicago. that only Church The Christians. In addition to President

was refused an audience in the Hall Grant there appeared at the Institute title. Nearly all the abstracts of

distinguished title national internato in land and the eastern of part of Religions the Church was of tional figures representing the world's title Kansas City the to the show of Saints, Christ LatterdayJesus creeds major social and groups.

in land the of name PartEdwardthe in only Church which America special note the introducwas Of the Presiding of Bishop the tion to given President toclaims established Grant have been by by the ridge,

Chairman Procedures Church. of at Mormon thedivine revelation. at the However,

Dr. Frank Kingdon, PresLaterlast our religious in Institute, conference invited held to people were the University ident of of Newark,

at (in Illinois, B. Commerce,Chicago Mr. H. 1933) where Jersey. is locate That introduction New

Roberts, who was refused the opreproduced in full on page 589. It there were very few people. They

indicates a changing attitude toward built a city toportunity which they the occasion called speak on "Nauthe Church. voo,to the Beautiful,"just referred, reprewhich I have in which, within

sented the Mormon Church, alfive years, there were 20,000 inthough he was suffering very sehabitants. Here too they met much

verely and had to go on crutches. Missouri, and they were finally opposition. The prejudice against

He made an address at that condriven out of the state of Missouri them caused them to be bitterly ference, and was requested to make under an exterminating order of the persecuted, and the Prophet Joseph another. governor of the state. Our people Smith crossed the Mississippi River,

In Dr. Clinchy's* invitation that have never been reimbursed for intending with a chosen body of

I speak at this institute, he said: their lands from which they were men to explore the Rocky Mountains for a place driven. of settlement and

tell like to the should history you We gathering for the people. this About theof It early of experiences the followers of interest be would to to you time uttered he a that the prophecyof as they from Mormonism, the East came I that know years some ago played

to the will Saints include West. hope you continue would suffer to We a of golf in game City Kansas with of personal your reminiscences.some affliction, much and driven would be a of son former CrittenGovernor to the Rocky Mountains; many den. in a handed He pamphlet me of of Christ Church Jesus The apostatize, would others be would which pictures appeared of the inLatterday Saints organized was to put death our by persecutors, or founder of the Kansas City Star, state. in1830 opYork The New lose their lives in of consequence his wife, first with the and Presidingposition the that great so was exposure or disease; and some of Bishop the Church. Mormon Mr. toChurch Ohio, which was moved live to would assist in go and makCrittenden off checked a descriptionthen frontier. the on American Our ing settlements, cities, building and of of the in property some that built there,people a temple which see the and Saints a become vicinity jokingly and remarked, "Mr. largest of the undoubtedlywas one in mighty people the of midst the Grant, are playing you your on own inbuildings the Ohio. Again, opRocky Mountains.

links, title the as in stands the nameposition intense that the so became, have over a now thousand We of the Presiding Bishop of the Morpeople to Independence, moved wards and branches from Canada Church."mon to Mexico, with a in meetinghouse of the *Rev. Clinchy R. Everett National

Conference of Jews and Christians, New Subsequently I was asked to each, several of these Church buildYork City. speak before the Chamber of Comings costing more than $100,000.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

And we have become a great people, officer was sent to the Mormon Speaking of our chief city, many as predicted. camps, near what later became men who have been all around the

Council Bluffs, soliciting five hunworld have said to me that it was

Joseph Smith had foreseen that our dred men for military service to one of the two most beautiful cities people would be forced to leave march against Mexico. they had ever seen. I have always

their homes, and he had started The leaders of our people had said, "Why not say it is the most

West with a body of picked men previously petitioned the President beautiful city?"

to find a place of refuge. But some of the United States, Martin Van

of the people of Nauvoo accused Buren, for redress of wrongs, only Tpon the arrival of Brigham him of running away and deserting to have the president announce: Young and the pioneers in the

his flock. He thereupon returned "Your cause is just, but I can do valley, "weary and worn as I am,"

to Nauvoo, remarking that if his nothing for you."Yet now five said one of the three pioneer women,

life was of no value to his people, hundred men were demanded from "I would gladly go another thouit was of no value to him. He surwhom? From a people who were sand miles rather than stay in such

rendered to the governor of the being expatriated, a people who had a desolate place,"and another, her state of Illinois. He, with his brother been driven from Missouri under sister, echoed the same sentiment.

Hyrum Smith, John Taylor, and circumstance's of indescribable But Brigham Young had said,

Willard Richards, was incarcerated cruelty, a people who had also just "This is the place,"asserting that in Carthage jail, with a pledge of been expelled from Illinois in the he had seen the valley in vision some protection from the governor, which dead of winter. time before, and that it was the one

pledge by the way was not kept. Nevertheless, Brigham Young spot where the Latterday Saints

On his way to Carthage he said: said: "Captain Allen, you shall should locate.

I am going like a lamb to the slaughter; have your battalion; and if we Brigham Young had been taken

but I am calm as a summer's morning; I haven't enough young men, we will sick just before reaching the valley,

have offense of towards a conscience void give old men."you An American a small advance and was company

I all innotowards and men;God started, recruiting hoisted, was the sent of out days ahead two cent, said of and it shall be was flag shallme—"Hedie

murdered in cold blood."and in three days the five hundred main body of Pioneers to look over

I furnished. maintain were men if possible the prepare country and is exactly that he was. what And will that history of the search you planting. parcel a for of land They killed his brother and were byHe in to the find elsewhere vain world but plows, brought found had somea 27, on 1844. mob June TayJohn In patriotism! of such an evidence several that the so ground hard lor, Presiafterwards became who spite in their spite expatriation, of broken. plowshares were They of dent the four received Church, fact their in that to of the order save small the then of a turned water carriedgunshot and wounds some lives to they compelled been had stream the parched and baked on rifle his in of balls his the to body flee their from homes, and abandon soil, first the succeeded day on and grave.

call their to of the they responded in crops. planting of acres a few So the leader of as Brigham Young, country. I far this as beginthe know, was into stricken people, entered then

an agreement that the Latterday Crossing to the west bank of the ning by Americans of that system

Saints would move to the West. Missouri River, as I have said, the of community irrigation which has

so in the established development meant Winter much "Mormons"with others exploring beganHe

States of of the houses America, a United and here many logthe country, beQuarters, migration and the gan in February, 1846. That winwere built and a frontier settlement system which has reclaimed millions

ter, after many of the ablebodied was made. By the way, we are upon millions'of acres of land, and

men had left, the mob drove the today erecting a beautiful monuhas led to the expenditure of many remnant of the Mormon people ment, having secured a fiftyyear millions of dollars by the governfrom their beloved city of Nauvoo. lease of the Winter Quarters burial ment in reclamation projects in

It was a beautiful and populous ground where over six hundred of Idaho, Colorado, Arizona. Utah,

town of 20,000 souls when Chicago our Pioneers were buried. and other sections of our western

was a mere trading post. The first We were very kindly received by country.

detachments of the people crossed the officials of Omaha who granted Some of the Pioneer company the Mississippi river on the ice, in us that lease. later returned to Winter Quarters.

the dead of winter, and during that From Winter Quarters, in the In the meantime the work of outterrible night nine babies were born spring of 1847, Brigham Young fitting and preparing for the genwith no shelter save the rude tents started with his pioneer company eral migration to the West had gone and wagon covers under which their of one hundred fortythree men, on apace. Large trains of ox teams

mothers were huddled. No tongue three women, and two children, to were organized which required sevcan tell, no pen can paint the sufexplore the unknown West, and eral months to cross the plains to the

ferings and the hardships of the find an abiding place for his homeSalt Lake Valley. My own father

Mormon people in these drivings less people. I shall not relate the had the privilege of commanding from Missouri and Illinois. Tne many incidents of peril and anxiety one of those companies—the third

people reached Council Bluffs, on that memorable trip, which recompany of emigrants that went to moved across the river and built quired many weary weeks in travelUtah that first season.

Winter Quarters, now a part of ing from the Missouri River to the By the fall of 1847 there were

Omaha. Salt Lake Valley, which was then sixteen hundred people in Salt Lake

In the meantime a state of war practically an unknown country. Valley. They had already built a

had grown out of the difficulties beNor was the prospect pleasing when log fort with extensions and a numtween the United States and Mexthey reached the spot where our ber of log houses.

ico, and a government recruiting chief city now stands. The companies traveled across

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936 the plains usually with three oxArizona (Senator Ashurst)-—a nonone. ( Laughter. ) Also that weteam trains together—each ten miles Mormon—stood up in the Senate were entitled to 700 or 800 per cent

behind the other, and making about of the United States and voluntarily more of the taxes set aside for the ten miles a day, so that in case of and emphatically branded her statesupport of the insane, being entitled, trouble (and they had riflemen or ments as the falsehoods which they according to population, to seven or minutemen in each company) they were. eight inmates in the insane asylum,

could signal the riflemen together ExGovernor Hunt (now dead) whereas we had none. ( Laughter.

to protect the travelers against the said that no better class of people I related this in the county seat

Indians. Thus in two days from could be found anywhere than the of Apache County on one occasion,

the time the first company reached Mormons of Arizona, adding that in and a man who was in the audience the valley, the third company would one respect they were being robbed stood up and said; "Mr. Grant,

get there. of between 2,500 and 3,000 per cent that one man was from Apache

Their industry was prospectively of a certain class of taxes in AriCounty—I am the judge here—andto be rewarded with fruitful harzona—because, according to popuhe has since been pardoned."I told

vests in 1848, when myriads of lation, they were entitled to have this to Governor Hunt's successor, crickets suddenly appeared, devourtwenty-five or thirty inmates in the who called on me in Salt Lake, and ing everything before them. Immistate penitentiary, and they had only he said; "Mr. Grant, that is true:

gration had continued meanwhile, he has been pardoned."

and now that it appeared that the We ask people to judge us by lost in spitecrops be utterly would do, the people could felt INTRODUCTION theSavior:standard"By theirlaid downfruits yeby shallourof all they

that ruin and starvation stared them OF know them."Our reputation was

in the face, because they were a equally as bad as the Savior's, and thousand miles from anywhere, so to PRESIDENT GRANT our enemies wanted to kill us, but escaped. could that harvestspeak. Unless we

I for nothing was asked to speak on our pressaved,be there was them Atby Dr.the InstituteFrank Kingdon,of HumanPresidentRelationsof

to look forward to but absolute starNewark University, who gave the ent aims and purposes. Our aim

vation. As a people they believed keynote address at the Institute and and purpose is to carry the Gospel

God came to their rescue; that it Presidentpresided overGranttheappeared:session at which of Jesus Christ to every nation unwas in His providence that from der heaven. We have had as many

the islands in the Great Salt Lake CERTAINLY, no discussion of maas 2300 missionaries in the field at jority would minority groups and at the extime, being sustained deone ofthe flocks which gulls came a representative without complete be famand their of themselves pense In crickets. the commemvoured the Church, Saint of the Latterday

oration of this deliverance there has Church that we ordinarily speak of ilies, without remuneration from the since been erected a very beautiful as the Mormons; and yet so strong Church.

still in exist that prejudices the It to bear privilege has been my designedmonument, this organizalife against by a grandson areAmerican Ireland, in England, testimonyof Young. my Brigham first is in the tion, time this the that

Our legislature has enacted a history of that Church that a repreScotland, Wales, Germany, France, law prohibiting the killing of gulls; sentative of the Church has been inBelgium, Holland, Switzerland,

and the birds are so tame they come vitedthis. to address an audience such as Austria, Italy, Norway, Sweden,

into our fields, and follow the plowPresident Grant has been PresiDenmark; in Canada and Mexico;

man, to feast on the worms that are dent of the Church of the Latterday in the Hawaiian Islands, and in faruncovered in his furrow. Saints for eighteen years, and this is off Japan, that I know as I know I

comthat time the first an audience lives. aplive, I have that God China, India, from of peopleHThe San Luis Valley in Colorado posed in prayer time and proached Him a given him have America and

was considered altogether too chance to talk about the social imtime again, and my prayers have high in elevation to be of any value plications of the group that he leads been answered beyond question of efficiently, successfully so and untilfor agriculture a Mormon Christ that Jesus and a doubt. I know as been, you that yet has group

thiscolony and reclaimed went there is the Reaffairs the living God, in the influential the Son of very know, locality. They proved it was a good of the nation. Some of the men from deemer of the world; that He came

this to belonging of the state Utah, for crops, raising notwithcountry appointdivinely a earth the with to those amongst been who have the fact thatstanding it was for the cross die to upon mission ed of in highest the councils been seven Churchhave thousand feet in elevation. As the nation; so I feel, this morning, the sins of mankind. "As in Adam

it is in a spirit that somewhat alsostated, the were Mormons all shall of all be die, Christ even so in Grant that I ask President to very first pioneersamong the I as I alive."know know made go penitenceto speak.

into Arizona. There was a great I, representing the majority groups that I live that Joseph Smith was a

deal of prejudice against them, but in America, feel bad that a minority prophet of the true and the living this been kind should of have groupit all practically disappeared. has that his declaration that and God, spirit it is in and that and there a is perhapsToday from city to city, driven should be of the appreciation fine we better feelwithignored, a deep

ing toward our people in Arizona leadership that President Grant has from county to county, state to prethat his people given I am own other sectionthan in which in any finally the United beyond and to state, this morning, to senting him you located.they are an illustration As to the Rocky of America, States tell his point of view from you own

of the good will existing there rewhat this movement has experienced Mountains, has been literally fulgarding the Mormon people I relate and what it means in the great secfilled.

it is so tion of the country in which reprint novelist following:the a foregoing {Editor's Note: The When influential. address, Estes Park Grant's President of the ofby Winifred name Graham presenting in great honor preEra,"Improvement for adapted "The tellover here England, fromcame of to President Grant Heber I youhave J. prematerial the phase sents one only of

ing a lot of unconscionable lies the Church of the Latterday Saints. sented on that occasion. Other excerpts

about the Mormons, a Senator from will be published in subsequent issues.)

Th e Returned A STATISTICAL SURVEY

By PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON Of the Council of the Twelve "PLEARLY, MISSIONARY SERVICE HAS A

MOST EXCELLENT AND LASTING EFFECT UPON THE MISSIONARY FROM A SPIRITUAL

AND TEMPORAL POINT OF VIEW. IT IS PROBABLE

THAT NO OTHER GROUP OF LIKE SIZE CAN SHOW

GREATER ADHERENCE TO GOSPEL PRINCIPLES,

MORE LOYAL, ACTIVE SERVICE WITHIN THE

CHURCH, BETTER LATTERDAY SAINT INFLUENCE,

OR HIGHER SUCCESS IN THE TEMPORAL AFFAIRS

OF LIFE."

PRESIDENT RUDGER CLAWSON

a careful investigation. Therefore, presidency. As the forms were reoffice, incentral the turned to the direction Council of the the is the under

carried setabu- formation they of the information Twelve, was was Thesubjectreturnedof frequentmissionarydiscussion.

Is he faithful to the teachings cured during 193435 concerning lated for ease of study. The large

he promulgated in the mission field? every returned missionary then livnumber of individuals reported, from

sent widely scattered areas, would overIs he active in Church affairs? Is ing. A suitable blank form,

he able to provide for himself, temto the stake presidencies and by shadow in the total the effect of an porally? From the personal point them distributed to every bishopric occasional personal bias. The reof view, is missionary service worthin the Church, called for the name, sults of the survey possess a high

while? if possible, of every returned misdegree of accuracy. Tables 1 and

Such questions come naturally sionary in the ward, his Priesthood 2 show some of the resulting deand properly. The missionary sysif a man, the year and place of his tailed statistics. The vast amount

tem of the Church requires sacrifice mission; his present record as a titheof data could not well be published

by the missionary and his family. payer, Word of Wisdom observer, in full in connection with this article.

activofficeholder, his Church his and of years or more two He gives of Returned or Number influence, business ity, general pay, time or his without famhe and Missionaries present profession, employment. and ily while friends or expenses pay his filledout (Table 1) signed the The bishop the aside in Leaving the field. he is

proselyting benefit to the Church, is forms, which were then sent for (""Vareful reports had been received from 972 wards when the final the effort justified in its effect upon scrutiny, and correction if necessary, the missionary himself? to the stake president, and signed tabulation was begun nearly a year

by him. The estimate of the reago. These wards reported 19,880

The Investigation ported returned missionary was thus returned living missionaries—17,922

Yhurchwide interest in this subbased upon the information and men and 1,958 women. Later, other

ject seemed sufficient to warrant judgment of the bishopric and stake wards reported more than a thou590

Missionary turned missionaries, 73 men, were

EDITOR'S NOTE called into the mission field before

Since the Latterday restoration, 1881, or more than fiftyfive years more than a century ago, the ago. Nearly 60% of the others

Christ a has been Jesus Church of 1930. served between 1906 and

proselyting with vigorous Church of given. dates not The of 15% were distinctive system, missionary and a

eminently successful.

That this unique missionary system Stake Distribution has been good for the Church as a whole is an unchallenged conclusion '"The 21,000 living returned mis-—but—has come the perennial and sionaries are scattered over the

oftrepeated question.—what of the Church. There are some in every missionary?

How does he stand in his comstake and in nearly every ward. The

munity? proportion of returned missionaries

What is his success in business, to the stake population varies conin professions, the in the trades, and siderably. The three highest stakes the farm? on

How do his circumstances comhad more than 7.0% and the three

pare with his associates who have lowest stakes had fewer than 2.0% his place in the occupational world

missions? not total the missionaries of returned of very much as do other men and does he stand in his ChurchHowfilled six stakes, population. stake These women. tithepayer? a As

As an observer of the Word of representing extremes, are all in

Wisdom? rural localities and under similar Priesthood

officeholder? an As conditions. average economic The (Table 2) active an other observer of As living four in all the stakes shows duties, principles, reGospel and missionaries returned to missionaries every returned hunTThe living quirements?

As an influence for good? dred Church members. The proof the Church are classified, on

This exhaustive carefully conand follows: as Priesthood, of basis is the missionaries of portion returned

conditions ducted survey of among Priests; are are High 44.0%o 25.0% leaderto the spiritual index an livoften approximately twenty thousand

ing returned missionaries, here reship of the stake. The variation in Seventies; and 30.8% are Elders.

ported briefly, answers authoritastakes of practically the same ecoIn earlier years outgoing missiontively the questions important in Seventies; ordained were social canaries environment asked nomic and

this about group of Latterday sent out later years they have been explained not well in any other be Saints, way. as Elders. The Priesthood classification, therefore, does not reveal

Occupation much of interest except that nearly sand names. Besides, some reone-half of the returned missionaries

turned missionaries living outside of HPhe majority of Latterday Saints have been called into positions in the stakes were no doubt overare engaged in agriculture. It which the High Priesthood is relooked. It is safe to estimate that was not surprising, therefore, to find quired. This is evidence at least of

there are today more than 21,000 livthat 37.5% of the returned missionfaithfulness.

ing men and women who have filled aries make their living by farming.

missions for the Church. However, all other usual pursuits Obedience to Gospel

The statements in this writing are are represented: 16.6% are in Requirements

based on the first complete number business; 9.7% in the professions; (Table 2)

obtained, 19,880; but the names later 7,6% in the trades; 3.2% in public

received if added would not change office; 12.0% are laborers; 6.0% are HThere IS no more searching test

perceptibly the percentages herein housewives; 2.4% are retired, and of a person's spiritual condition,

discussed. 4.0% are not accounted for. Eviof his faith, than his obedience to

The oldest group of living redently, the returned missionary finds the socalled temporal principles of

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

LECTURES AND PUBLIC ADDRESS Good Influence (Table 2) A nother test, perhaps more subtle than the others, yet very real, may be applied—that of the influence of the returned missionary

as he moves among his fellows. This

reflects of course the opinion of the bishopric and stake presidency, but since they are in agreement, the valuations may be safely accepted.

The reports show that 85.4% of

the living returned missionaries carry with them a fully good influence, and that 9.5% exert such an influence in

part. That is, 94.9 % of the body of

living returned missionaries exert a good influence wholly or in part in

THE MISSIONARY LEARNS TO BE MASTER OF PUBLIC SITUATIONS harmony with their missionary ideals. This is a remarkable tribute

the Gospel. Tithing is such a prinall the returned missionaries hold to the quality of the group and the

effect of a mission upon the indiciple. in office in love material things the of the The Church—53% vidual. in is rooted deeply in the stakes. This man. and If he can wards 18%

part with his material possessions he is a high proportion when it is remust truly love the cause to which called that many are disqualified by Employment he gives. The Word of Wisdom age or physical condition. It is of (Table 2)

is another such principle. AppeHThe question of employment is

tites of the flesh govern all men to important because the statement some degree. Whoever can deny Table 1 is occasionally made that the finanhis appetites has won mighty selfNumber of Living Returned cial sacrifices made for a mission act

conquest. these Missionaries and Years Those obey who as a handicap misto the returned When Called into enter a spiritual two principles a in the business Percent sionary of making

realm of joy and power, for every Before 1881, 73.4 living. It was impracticable to sedivine commandment has a spiritual 18811885 142.7 cure a correct statement of the finanequivalent. 18861890 235 1.2 cial living returned of every standing

2.6 18911895 509 Measured by such tests, the living missionary, but he whether was em- 8.6 18961900 1,717

returned missionaries stand high in 19011905 1,430 7.2 ployed seemed to answer the above

the Church. This was the first and 19061910 2,268 11.4 question in part. The survey was

9.7 19111915 1,935 the chief of the many happy findings the present depth of made in the

10.1 19161920 2,002 of this survey. results depression, yet the economic 12.0 19211925 2,383

Nearly 84% of the returned mis1926-1930 3,304 16.6 showed a remarkably favorable consionaries pay tithing in full or part 19311934 906 4.5 dition of the returned missionaries.

or are exempt. This is an enviable Not given 2,976 15.0 In the midst of unemployment, 93%

record, a pacesetter for the Church Total 19880 IOOjO of the returned missionaries were far above the Church average and fully (71.3%) or partly (21.7%)

an evidence of the continued Church engaged in remunerative employfidelity of the returned missionary. ment. The remaining 7% included

retired, old, or sick* An equally splendid showing is specialChurch valueof Christ,in thewhichselfgoverninghas no spe- 2.8% who were

made with respect to obedience to cial Priesthood class, to have such the Word of Wisdom, for 85% of abundant use of men and women TRAVEL all living returned missionaries obwith missionary experience.

serve the Word of Wisdom. Clearly Activity in the Church is possible

the very great majority of them pracwithout holding office, or in addition tice today that which they taught so to official duties. Numerous obligaearnestly in the mission field. tions and privileges of a spiritual

character rest upon Church members

Activity in the Church such as attendance at meetings, (Table 2) work in the temples for the dead, and spreading Gospel knowledge

Another important spiritual test among those not of the Church.

is activity within the Church, The records show that 82.6%, or

which usually means sacrifice of over fourfifths, of all living returned time and energy that otherwise could missionaries are engaged in such be used in recreation or business. general Church activity. This high

The returned missionary rises to a percentage reflects loyal devotion to high level also under this test. the Church by the group of living

Nearly threefourths (71%) of returned missionaries. THE MISSIONARY SEES THE WORLD

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

years were most faithful in performthe living returned missionaries were NEW PEOPLE ing their Church duties. With each far in advance of the Church avsucceeding fiveyear period there erage, in every activity studied.

observdecline in the a gradual was conclusions be drawn may Two until requirements of ance Church observations. these may Men

fifty the years age of about in the engrossed temso was frombecome poral affairs of life that unless they make special efforts they are likely

Table 2 to become less and less active in

Living of of'Survey Summary life spiritual matters. middle When Missionaries Returned

is full in maturity, reached, when

Percent to they the see dimly begin end of of', 3 ercentThose Total Number

Reporting Total life, return gradually of such men

Male..17,922 90 90 to their religious duties, with reFemale.. 1,958 10 10 grets for past omissions. Life for

the returned missionary is happiest if 19,880 100 100 Male he retains throughout life the sweet

High Priests.... 7,847 44 44 spirit and full devotion of the misSeventies.. 4,537 25 25 sion field. The only safe course of

Elders Not given.. 5,50137 30.8.2 30.8.2 happinessing devotionis oneto spiritualof steady,as unvarywell as

17,922 100.0 100.0 to material obligations and privTithing ileges.

51 Full..10,108 51.9 is equally 26.9 The other conclusion.. 5,253 Part 26

Exempt 998 5 5.1 evident. One error or carelessness

may lead to another. A person dare

83.9 not flaunt one Gospel requirement

THE MISSIONARY BECOMES ACQUAINTED

WITH PROMINENT PERSONALITIES IN MANY None.. 3,140 16 16.1 in the thought that the others will

ACTIVITIES. Not given 381 2 be observed. The findings of this

Harry Holland, Campaign Manager of the National

Baseball Association, London, chatting with memsurvey show conclusively that bers of the L. D. S. Team. 19,880 100 100.0 neglect of one duty means in the end Word of Wisdom neglect of others. lowgroup The..16,603 85.3 84

of tithing est in the 14.7 were payment 2,852 14and also some women supported by NoYes

others. Unemployment was sufferNot given.. 425 2 the poorest observers of the Word

livin all reality ofed only by 4.3% in least active of the were Wisdom,

100.0 19,880 100ing missionaries returned during inexerted poorest the Church, and Hold Office difficult of the193435, most one fluence, vice versa. and..10,542 The 53 53 Ward

, were emwhich all requirements are observed, nearly 96 %tory—95.7economic periods% in American hisStake 3,483 18 18 abundant life is a balanced life, in

1\ployed or incapable of employment. 29 with equal care... 5,855 29 that the None It is not chance merely by

returned missionary was so favor19,880 100 100 Priesthood and Faithfulness ably placed during the depression. Active

True, he belongs to a somewhat Yes..16,361 82.3 82.6 'T'he office of Elder is the first ordinarily in the bestowed Melclass,selected the No represents yet he Not given.. 3,42990 17.2.5 17A

file Priesthood, chizedek the body From of the people, andrank and would be expected to share the com19,880 100.0 100.0 of Elders are chosen those who are

mon lot in foul weather or fair. It Good Influence faithful to Church obligations and

85.4 -16,792 85 Yes fitted to discharge are capable and justly that inferred his temmay be

9.5 1,868 Part 9 responsible the the duties of moreporal welfare has been promoted by

his missionary experience. The ex94.9 official positions in the Church, many

periences of the mission, meeting and No.. 939 5 5.1 of which require ordination to the

dealing with people, steady and perNot given 281 1 sistent labor, devotion to a good 19,880 100 100.0 LIFELONG ASSOCIATIONS

cause, have high economic value. Employed

Full.14,008 71 71.3

Varying Periods of Devotion Part 4,235 21 21.6

Among the many interesting matNone.. 1,388 7 92.97.1

ters disclosed by the survey, was Not given 249 1 the changing spiritual condition of the returned missionary at various 19,880 100 100.0

periods of life. The whole group

was classified into five year periods from the call into the mission field reached, when a steady increase be-* and their records tabulated for each gan, continuing to the oldest group, period. which almost caught up with the

Missionaries who had been home youngest. It must be remembered,

from their missions less than five however, that at all periods of life, NEW RICH COMPANIONSHIPS ARE FORMED.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

hold stake positions. There is no pel requirements and conform to othgreat difference between the two ers. Such a practice will soon lead

groups due to occupation. Since to carelessness in other spiritual duspiritual integrity comes from withties.

in, this was only to be expected. A

person who blames his occupation Conclusion for his spiritual condition admits a weakness thereby. exhaustive and carefully conThisducted survey of conditions When the 37.5% of missionaries

who are engaged in farming are among the living returned missioncompared with the whole group a aries, here briefly reported, answers notable condition appears. Of the authoritatively the important quesagricultural group 93% are tithetions asked about this group of Latpayers, in full or part; only 1% are terday Saints.

exempt. This is the highest record Clearly, missionary service has a

of any one of the larger groups. most excellent and lasting effect

In Word of Wisdom keeping the upon the missionary, from a spiritual farming group is about the same as and temporal point of view. It is

the professionalcommercial group. probable that no other group in the

High Priesthood. It might be exChurch, of like size, can show

pected therefore that among the livInfluence of the Mission greater adherence to Gospel prining returned missionaries, the High TpHE particular mission in which withinciples, themoreChurch,loyalbetteractiveLatterdayservicePriests records. would have the best a person appears from served influence, Saint success higher and PriestsThis High were was so. The

little this effect to survey upon have in life. affairs the of temporal Infollowed the Seventies, the by and

his career. future MissionChurch character, spiritual of the foundationElders. necessarily not should This

be so, for every office in the Priestaries from different missions did not and worldly success, in power and differ in their the to devotion much life, willingness to the of do work is equallyhood sacred and comgen- Officeholding Church. and in realization the the of means by respect. themands same

eral activity influence appeared and happiness obtained, which be may Priests, rethe High among The misto the connection with have no (if sacrifices the they so be may missionaries,turned tithing paid and in served. sion missionary the which ) called field fully the of mission arekept the better of Wisdom Word misindicate that the This would justified. better Probably prepano Seventies,than in the turn they and spirit the to sionary devotion with life's for ration exists labors than a better ahad record Elders. the than

all is in missions. found Church active, of earnest, period devotedAll three in offices groups held ward

about the same degree; but the High service in the mission field. The

Influence of the Stake Church of Jesus Christ of LatterPriests necessarily held most stake offices, followed by the Seventies ll are influenced by leadership. day Saints is rich in its body of returned missionaries. May they conand the Elders. All Priesthood A Returned missionaries are no

groups were reported to exert a good exception. Undoubtedly stake leadtinue to stand as examples of rightinfluence, but the High Priests led ership influences the faithfulness of eous living; and may many of the

servseek missionary of Zion followed by the Seventies of the someyouth the people. A study ( 97.9 % ) ice to bless the world and to benefit the Elders and of figures complicated(94%) mass (90%). what

The lady missionaries led the High under this heading leads to the conthemselves and their people.

Priests in payment of tithing, obclusion that the various stakes influservance of the Word of Wisdom, ence the spiritual life of the returned CULTURE AND CUSTOMS and good Latterday Saint influence; missionary to about the same degree.

and they were next to the High

Priests in holding stake offices Interdependence of Gospel naturally of an auxiliary nature. Requirements

Effect of Life Pursuits Tt should be remarked again that this survey shows that those who

Tt is often said that returned miskeep one commandment are likely to nr*** sionaries who engage in profeskeep the others; that it is very difsional or business careers are less ficult to obey one requirement and to

active in the Church than are those disobey or ignore another. This is

who make their living in farming or only to be expected, for the spirit the trades. This view is not borne that leads a man to attend his

out by this survey. On the contrary, Church meetings, for example, will

the professional and commercial impel him to perform his other group is about the same as the trades duties. For the whole group of reand agricultural group in the payturned missionaries, the number who

ment of tithing, somewhat ahead in paid tithing, kept the Word of Wisthe observance of the Word of dom, and were active in ChurchWisdom, in good influence, and in affairs were about the same—near

. This is a sufficient answer toChurch activity. The two groups 85 %

are about the same in ward office those who thoughtlessly believe that THE MISSIONARY MINGLES WITH AND ABholding; but more of the first group they can safely disobey certain GosSORBS THE BEST THE WORLD HAS TO OFFER.

By DR. JOHN A.

I D T S O E W Of the Council of the Twelve WINTER QUARTERS

I S

IMMORTALIZED IN STONE

tphousands of members and nonmembers gather with the leaders of the Church, at Florence, Nebraska, Sunday, September 20, 1936, to Commemorate the epic story of religious devotion in which a courageous people sacrificed life itself for the building of a western empire wherein they could assure to themselves and their children

MONUMENT INSCRIPTION and their children's children the right to worship and the right to live peaceably.

THAT THE STRUGGLES, THE SACRIFICES AND THE SUFFERINGS OF THE

FAITHFUL PIONEERS AND THE CAUSE THEY REPRESENTED SHALL NEVER

BE FORGOTTEN, THIS MONUMENT IS GRATEFULLY ERECTED AND DEDICATED

BY THE in a prairie grave. They must conCHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS. tinue the journey, perhaps to face

FIRST PRESIDENCY: HEBER J. GRANT, J. REUBEN CLARK, JR., DAVID more hardships; the grave with its0. McKAY.

SCULPTOR, AVARD FAIRBANKS, A DESCENDANT OF PIONEERS BURIED memories must be left behind. They

HERE. stand by the fresh grave, together,

looking into eternity.

And now the representatives of

September 20, 1936, thouaccording to the dictates of their Church and State from Nebraska the states from surrounding and and conscience. nonof sands and members the to far honor gathered have westON emigrants these of Six thousand of Church members the of the and who men women memory exposure and route died en from to Florence, at Nebraska,gathered intolreligious ejected once by were six travel nearly hundred hardships, at dedication inparticipate the to story told the radio erance, and

lie in Pioneer the of buried whom the of Quarters"cemetery"Winter BroadcastNational the as America at Florence, Nebraska. cemetery To will imheroic which monument the part of a released ing Company alive to the keep honor memory and sacrifice the in ofmortalize the stone services. dedicatory sacred sufsouls of these courageous who itself life gave andmen women who at Quarthe "Winter Appearing reof in the cause fered died and their rightfor to believe worand the to in ters"dedication, addition this ligious has devotion monument of the toship the according Gospel the First of most Presidency and erected. beenMaster. General Authorities of the Church,

The Winter Quarters monument The monument itself, pictured were Governor R. L. Cochran of Necommemorates one of the most reherewith, is the work of Avard Fairbraska, Mayor Dan Butler of Omamarkable chapters in American piobanks, nativeborn Utah artist, who ha, and President Carl R. Gray of

neer history and in the history of is a descendant of Pioneers buried the Union Pacific System, each of

Florence the Cemetery, and mile inthe fifteenhundred address. Dedidelivered an who whom world—the is of Fine Division with the nowtrek between 1846 and 1869, across included services also adcatory

the then poorly known West, by tens Arts, University of Michigan. dresses by President Heber J. Grant,

of thousands of people, some driven The figures on the monument repPresident J. Reuben Clark, Jr., and

from their homes, all seeking the resent a father and mother who President David O. McKay. Music

right and freedom to worship God have just laid away a beloved child was provided by a chorus of one

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

hundred twentyfive voices comthe largest city in the State. Homes

posed of P. T. A. units, a railway of fine New England architecture,

express chorus, and members of the surrounded by gardens and orWestern States Mission of the chards, crept up the slopes from the

Church, and by a male quartet comriver. Higher up, overlooking city

posed of Earl Martin, Burdett Brimand river, stood a magnificent temley, Edward O. Piatt, and Alvin ple, perhaps the most pretentious

Keddington, under the direction of building in the state, dedicated to the

B. F. Pulham, sent from Salt Lake worship of Almighty God. OutCity. ward from the city the plain was

Frank W. Asper, Tabernacle orfertile with fields of grain and grass.

ganist, presided at the organ, and Peace, order and education, inRichard L. Evans, Church radio andustry, morality and love of God

nouncer, produced and announced ruled the people. It was a smiling

the thirty minute broadcast for land and city, and a happy people.

the National Broadcasting ComThen, senseless persecution, sufpany, 11:30 to 12:00 o'clock noon, fered earlier in Ohio and Missouri,

current New York time. This nabroke out anew. Through the pertionwide broadcast was preliminary spective of time, it appears to have

to the main service, which was not been the old demon of religious inbroadcast. tolerance, coupled with jealousy of

Arrangements for this service, those who prosper by their thrift.

were completed with the approval of The leaders of the Latterday Saints, the First Presidency by a committee the Prophet Joseph Smith and his of the Council of the Twelve combrother the Patriarch, Hyrum Smith, posed of George Albert Smith, chairbrutally were murdered in 1844 by ON THIS CRUDE, TEMTHE INSCRIPTIONman, with Stephen L. Richards and a neighwith painted AT faces from OLD CEMETERY PORARY MARKER AT THE mob

OF TELLS A STORY QUARTERS""WINTERJohn A. Widtsoe, assisted were who exulting boring communities. The IN SCARCELY AMERTRAGEDY PARALLELED Presidentby of Joseph Daynes J. ICAN HISTORY. READS: PIONEER "OLD cruelty to rabble murder and added

BURIED 600 OF CEMETERY. HEREIT WEREthe States Western Mission. It eviinvasion to threat. became 1846NEBRASKA'S SETTLERS, FIRST WHITE

47. evening, ISAAC CHAPTER, MAJOR SADLER following On Sunday free that the Saints, the dent Latterday REVOLUTION, AMERICAN DAUGHTERS OF THEmorning service,at Florence, the 1924."in Americans, could dwell no longer

scene of activity moved to Omaha, safety in their own city, upon their where "FIRST THE an L. D. SETTLERS"WHITE S. meeting WERE lands. people must evacuThe was held own LATTERDAY SAINTS BEEN DRIVEN HAD WHOin the beautiful Joslyn Memorial. THEIR BEFORE. FROM city YEAR THE HOMES ate the seek elsewhere an and

abiding place where they might worGiles. The Story of the Trek ship God in peace. The Saints sold Photograph by John D.

all could, they they gave away, much epic story religiousT'he of devoing, alternated route. the along The left for thieving the and was more tion this commemorated by monthe overcrowded covered wagons, invaders. of Saints earth the Thingsument follows fifteen a mile hundred huts, tents improvised were and lose, their faith might but could theytrail beaten prairie, into desert and shelter scant rigors the of against not surrender.mountain, from the Mississippi river climate. delicate reof Mothers andto the Valley of the Salt Great Lake. fined to rearing birth children gave Across Trek The Iowa trail whichThe a became road under in sicktent; or strong wagon men

the greatest exodus of modern times, So began the migration of 20,000 ened under the toil and exposure;

crossed the then sparsely settled men, women and children from their the weaker ones died; anguished

plains of Iowa and Nebraska, and beloved city through strange and parents left beloved children behind pushed into the wild, unoccupied partly unknown territory to face in prairie graves. The misery of

highlands and forbidding mountain hardships and deprivations never the journey was appalling.

passes of Wyoming and Utah. exceeded in the annals of history. Despite such adversities, the cartrek of the The Latterday Saints they going they were knew Where tosteadily avans westward, moved

thisover road, ox team by handand not, that except Smith Joseph the haven. Their dreamedof the ward

cart or foot, in on began 1846 and in that Prophet predicted 1842 had leader, had organBrigham Young, ended with the advent of the railthe Saints after suffering much perized well the succession of comroad in 1869. The twentythree secution would become a mighty panies. Care was given the sick;

years of the story are filled with people in the Rocky Mountains. the poor were fed; courage was inepisodes of unsurpassed human The first company of refugees left stilled into the fearful; all were kept

heroism and courage made possible, Nauvoo on the westward march on employed. Around the campfires

and sacrifice, suffering and sorrow February 4, 1846, followed by sucthere were song and story; a brass

made endurable, by the living fire cessive companies—-"camps of Isband played enlivening music; faith

of faith. rael"—throughout the winter and in their righteous cause assured them

The Flight From Nauvoo spring months, until only a remnant, of victory. Sorrowfully they laid unable to undertake the hazardous away those who perished by the

The city of Nauvoo—meaning journey, remained in the city. The way; but looking heavenward theythe beautiful city—was built, beseason proved to be hard; the tempraised the Lord for the truth and

ginning in 1839, by the Latterday perature often fell near the zero power of His Gospel. They knew

Saints on the east bank of the Mispoint; ice covered the Mississippi; that they were divinely guided. One

issippi river, in Illinois. It was then snow and rain, thawing and freezof the travelers, William Clayton.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

wrote on the prairie an immortal in the cemetery marked by the memhymn of hope and cheer, a challenge orial group.

to fate, known as "All Is Well,"which embodies the spirit of these Pushing into the Western Desert camps of Israel. Early the next spring, on April migrating people were The

as 5. 1847, Brigham Young, with a necessities to secure life'sobliged and of men, 143 3 women companythey traveled. With money brought

children, pioneer led a 2 company supplies boughtfrom were Nauvoo, labor into the West to locate a permanent or of Iowa, the settlersfrom for his people. persecuted On in exhome given days wasfor a few the Salt 1847, he entered July 24, for grain meat.change and Wild Valley, declared "This and Lake larder; to their and once addedgame the Latterday Place!"The How quaillarge flocks of were driven by Is heart built Saints in the an empire

the camp. wind into At convenient

is the great Desert American now intervals they land and of plowed planted grain to be harvested by a commonplace of historical knowledge.later companies.

A "City Built Over Night"The Migration Across the Plains

In the wake of the pioneer group,

Council Bluffs on the east bank the people at Winter Quarters of the Missouri river was reached moved westward, company by comon June 14, 1846. The succeeding pany, a weary, thousand miles over

companies arrived during the sumthe desert, into the desert, to estabmer and early fall. It was then too lish a civilization and to find freelate to enter the poorly charted dom for the spirit of man. On this

West to find the ultimate destinalast lap of the journey, also, many a tion of the people. Consequently faithful but toilworn soul was laid

a temporary encampment, called in a desert grave, now long since

Winter Quarters, (now Florence, forgotten. These also are held in

Nebraska ) was built across the river remembrance by this monument.

and some miles north of Council Scarcely had the Saints begun to

Bluffs. Here a thousand log houses wrest an empire from the ageold

with the necessary mills, workshops desert in the Great Basin of North and other buildings were erected beAmerica, before they sent out misfore January, 1847. In this "city"sionaries to preach the Gospel to

and its neighborhood were settled all the world. They, themselves,

for a period most of the Saints, with had found the truth; others must

their wagons and herds of cattle, hear it; that was their faith! So

horses, mules and flocks of sheep, from eastern United States, from the which had migrated from Nauvoo. lands of Europe, from distant rechurches proSchools and were earth, gions of tens of thoucame

night, a vided. as it were, Over of to "gather"with ENTRANCELEFT PANELTOONTHETHECEMETERYPILLAR AT THE converts city sands

appeared on the prairie. It seemed the Saints in the "valleys of the

a miracle! mountains."Dainty, sheltered and Sister Jones laid away their

city teachbred mechanics, women, companies, these Yet, today. baby The Tragedy at Winter Quarters business with ers and men, aflame fled that Nauvoo, from like those

During the fall and winter of zeal for the newfound Gospel, were buoyed up by a faith in God 184647 hundreds of the weary, uncame up the Mississippi, outfitted which left peace in their hearts and derfed refugees, reduced in physical with ox teams, if they could afford enabled them to go on rejoicing.

resistance, were taken ill by a it, with handcarts if they could not, scourging sickness. The conditions and traversed the silent, often danThey are in the Keeping of God

of the march had made it difficult to gerous desert, to their land of prompreserve full health. More than six ise. Extra hard was the journey to Along the "Mormon"trail, from

hundred died in and about Winter these believers from great cities and Nauvoo to Salt Lake valley, during

Quarters, most of whom lie buried old civilizations; many sickened and the years 1846 to 1869, more than

died on the way, some were killed 6,000 emigrants were laid to rest.

by Indians, all came through the In their memory and to their honor journey sobered by their experithis monument has been erected.

ences. The deep wheel ruts of the Mortal man can do little more to

covered wagons may still be seen honor the dead. They are now in

on the hills of Nebraska. Pathetic the keeping of God. They crossed

are the brief entries in the diaries prairie and desert, toiled and sufkept by many of the emigrants: fered, and laid down their lives, not

Brother Brown died tonight; we to win land or gold, but to possess

buried him by moonlight. Sister and use eternal truth. Their reward,

died this the hereafter, will be morning; Smith the everlasting camp in

great. her. **** ":-... j"** "halted while exceedingly Brother we buried

SOWAGERIE (POSEY) NAVAJO MOUNTAIN FROM SURPRISE VALLEY.

The Outlaw of NAVAJO INTRODUCTION MOUNTAIN

the PahUte, was thePosey, last cJhe Story of Kyld [Posey, JLast tribe to lead of his a fight against the government of the [PahLite Qyutlaw States, forUnited whose authority he cherished a warm contempt duryears.ing fiftyodd His first name, R. LYMAN he By ALBERT Greenhair;Sowagerie, means

adopted the name, Posey in later years, so we shall know him asSowagerie, Greenhair or Posey. '"The PahUtes preyed upon the Navajos—the Navtribes He was a son of Chee, one of the ajos preyed upon the PahUtes—and both

twelve deserters from the main Pahpreyed upon the San Juan Pioneers of the Mormon Church time.Ute tribe. Chee was not a chief, and—-until old scores were evened up and settled for all

is based on fact. MoreBigmouth Mike, his associate, was More gripping than fiction because it

but a leading spirit among the twelve thrilling than history because it is colored by fiction.

deserters. The PahUtes had no

chief, they followed the leading spirits and the most sturdy selfthey concern the Mormon settleIt was from the eyes of a timid child asserters. ments, can be touched here but that I first saw Posey—he was the

The feud began between Tsabebriefly and only as necessity dewolf of the hills, the robber of the kiss, the big Navajo, on one side, mands, for it is a story in itself rerange. Yet at that time he was but

and the twelve PahUte deserters quiring much more space than this one of the lesser thieves in spite of on the other; but it narrowed to story is to occupy. his lofty ambitions.

Posey and his brother on one side My personal acquaintance with When I was eleven years old I with Bitseel the son of Navajo TsaPosey, the last PahUte outlaw, ran began making visits to his Peavine bekiss on the other. through thirtyfive eventful years, camp on Elk Mountain, and I was

It is well to get in mind from the though this story deals with but a charmed with the wild freedom of first that hogon or hogan (Navajo small fraction of that acquaintance. his life: his native accord with the

house) refers to Navajo affairs; and wilderness—his intuitive fellowship

wickiup ( PahUte houses ) refers to ILLUSTRATED BY with fhe beautydens of the tall timPah-Ute affairs. FIELDING K. SMITH ber. His first squaw, Toorah,

These forty years of conflict, as Poke's beautiful sister, was thought598

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

waiting there to feed me to the Navajo Mountain has given the coyotes. I had to move out. world much worse men than Posey.

In spite of that we became friends I hope the colors in which I have again, and were not estranged even presented him here are not unduly when he was fomenting the last big dark.

fight. Having known these wild When Posey's favorite follower,

men from my infancy it came rather Pahneab, was taken to trial, the natural to tolerate and even to love PahUtes wanted me to plead his them as a result of our long accause, and I left my work to see that quaintance. My home influence he had a fair deal. Later on I was

from the first had been full of one of the guards over Posey's peofriendliness towards them, and I ple confined in the school house and partook freely of the sentiments of then in the bull pen, but that enThales Haskel for whom my admiragendered no bad feelings between tion amounted to little less than heroworship. Haskel, the Mormon us.My closest contact with Poke,

mediator with the Indians, was a the natural leader of the tribe, was fearless diplomat. He knew the Inwhen he and his son, Tsene-gat,

dians better than they knew themtold me what kind of infernal selves, their I language and insect disposition he knew what and was

R. ALBERT LYMAN thoughts, he chereven their and should be of me, made and then OF NAVAJO "THE AUTHOR OF OUTLAW

INTANVOICE OF MOUNTAIN,""THE THE for ished most love which a them at the of of compelled muzzle a gun me

GIBLE,"OF JUAN HISTORY THE SAN "THE return. to capacity them no had night. to pasture the horse boy's over PIONEERS,"WORKS. OTHER AND

Haskel planted this love in the hearts The old man's savage threats and ful of me as a child in her mountain of all his friends. uncompromising abuse, while the

home, and because of my interest in boy added such insults as his more her I got into serious trouble for T am indebted to the generous, biglimited vocabulary afforded, were spying too closely on the proceedings hearted old Haskel for vision to plainly a father's lesson to his son when her body was burned at the see that many a civilized community in the business of robbery. After

cave near the mouth of Buck Canwith infinitely greater advantage listening half an hour to all the yon. than Posey's people enjoyed at vicious things they could say in Pah-

I traded for Posey's invincible sorrel horse, and when Bitseel, the big Navajo found me riding it, he left me afoot. This was one of my POSEY'S HAUNTS IN SAN JUAN

introductions to the big quarrel beCOUNTY, BY ALBERT R. LYtween Bitseel and Posey. FIELDINGMAN, ASK. SMITH.REDRAWN BY

When in great need of help with my cattle I employed Posey to come with his cayuses, to follow the herd, put on the packs, wrangle horses and even to cook. He had eyes to see,

keen ears to hear, and a substantial element of ability and integrity on which I could depend when he gave me his word.

As we camped together night after night the wondrous background of his strange career came before me in vivid pictures. From

the rude birthlair of his papoosehood in Navajo Mountain, I caught a gripping vision of thrills and thievery, rousing rackets and remote retreats which made life sweet to him and gave it new charm for me.

When it became necessary to complain against him for stealing my horses, I had to help the deputy sheriff and his posse take him and his squaw by force from their wickistill to act I hadup. Worse as e ij>ARIZ. co RNERSFOUR N MEX trial to at theprosecutor them which

looked like an act of personal spite, SHIP ROCK r between ugly breach anand made \L. %.."""w'""*CHUCALUC the offromus. he escaped MTS. itWhen

cattleficers on refuge took he my KAYENTA Jj&Ft* SK>.*r1* 4/ that sent was herange and me word

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936 fights which made him notorious.

His last struggle was by no means in vain; it proved to be the turning

CHINDE, point in the history of the tribe.

CLIZH! CLIZH!"Since then, and not before, the children of the tribe have been made to

attend school, and they are becoming a new and interesting generation.

Chapter I

Navajo Mountain

dozen mounted PahUtes followedA the winding trail through the dust and the shadscale of the desert south of Clay Hill.

In the early twilight of that September day they stopped on the bank of the San Juan River to water their thirsty ponies, and then they crossed through the low current to the

Navajo country on the south side.

West of them, as the shadows deepUte, Navajo, Spanish, and English, Sam's power in general and courts ened, the rugged outline of Navajo

I had quite a new vision of life from in particular. It is doubtful that the Mountain cut off the last glimmer of

their angle. tribe ever brought forth a worse man day, and they followed a dim trail

Another enlightening glimpse of than Tsene-gat, and yet he was on and on into the night.

Poke's true inwardness came to me yellow to the bone. "Pikey, tooish apane,"(Come

when one of his wolflike dogs snapon, hurry up) urged Mike, their ped at me and I kicked it in the leader, a short, thick man with masthroat. The dog fell on its back sive neck and ponderous mouth.

and seemed to be in a deathfit. I "Hurry up, or the sun will be shining

had kicked him out the door of a before we get there. Why so slow?

store which I was running, and when Any of you want to go back?"

I had gone back behind the counter, "Nene kotch,"{Not I) swore

Poke rushed in, black and silent. Chee, his pony's head bunting the

Without warning he gripped my tail of Mike's cayuse.

right wrist in his left hand and reach- "Nene kotch,"echoed ten others ing his pistol with his right hand with emphasis, and they whipped he demanded fifty dollars from the on with new speed into the darkness.

cashdrawer in payment for the dog. In spite of their haste, the sun did

He declared he had shot three of shine before they got there; but

the fourteen men killed by the Pahwhile it was young and small on the

Utes at Lasal, and he swore he broken profile of that eastern horiwould make quick disposition of me zon, they saw the coveted prize beif the cash were not forthcoming. fore them. This prize had lured

The situation had taken on a rather them into four days of hard riding uncomfortable complexion when one from their wickiups—four long days

of his little girls who had been and then one long night in the sadwatching the big show, told him the dle.

dog had recovered. Without anEL CAPITAN, NEAR WHERE MITCHEL WAS KILLED With excited whispers they conother word, and almost in disaptemplated the prize as it moved

pointment, he released my wrist and Poke held a peculiar claim on my along a trail in the canyon below went out. admiration. He was tyrannical and them: "Soos, souse, wiunet piWhen Tsene-gat graduated from bearish, he had killed eight or more une, watsowiune, navaga-une,"

his father's private school of crime, men, and had about as much respect they counted up to thirty; thirty

he set a brand new pace for cussedfor the rights of men as one wolf has horses—blacks, pintos, buckskins,ness in San Juan. When he was for another. Yet he had standards and then—then a white, snorting

tried in Denver for the murder of to which he held, he had rare native stallion carrying a man.

Juan Chacon, a Mexican sheepability and the unusual magnetism That man? That man on the

herder, I listened to all the evidence, of leadership which commands rewhite stallion—what about him?

being a witness for the prosecution. spect without kindling the first glimHe was a Navajo, and he v/ould

During the few troubled years of rotmer of love. fly to old Tsabekiss the big Navajo

ting disease which Tsene-gat surPosey was by no means naturally and the whole neighborhood would vived after that trial I saw him often bad. I hope I have shown here that rise like a whirlwind,

and heard what he thought of Uncle he was deceived and misled in the "We'll kill 'im,"Mike, the Pah600

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

lite leader announced in one fierce Into the clear morning air rose the on his white stallion riding between grunt. dust of this headlong retreat, and a his two guards close behind.

"No,"objected Chee, "take 'im Navajo shepherd girl saw it and ran And down the same rocky, sidling with us."to the hogon of Tsabekiss, the big trail with quick roar of beating hoofs

"Take 'im with us,"echoed the Navajo. Tsa means rocA:; Tsabekiss and muttered curses rode the eleven

stalten others, and Mike yielded to the means Rock's brother. When TsaNavajos, whip and spur, the

majority. bekiss heard that he was left afoot wart Tsabekiss in the lead, his pent

and that his elder brother was capwrath fairly hissing between his

According to a careful plan they tured or killed, he ran to his Navajo teeth, "Chinde! Clizh bekggie."

rode out one at a time with wide, neighbors for help and for horses. (Devil, snakeskin.)

fawning smiles to the Navajo on the They took up the deeplycut trail, "Clizh bekygie!"echoed the ten

white stallion, and when he showed with the thieves, whoever they were, behind him, and with no horses to alarm at their numbers, they grasped a good hour ahead. drive they gained on the toiling outthe white stallion's bits, and seized Big Navajo Tsabekiss rode a buckfit ahead. Up hill and down, with

the hands of Tsa, the Navajo. Then skin mare, tough as the greasewood merciless urge, they drew nearer

they stripped him of every weapon, on which she had subsisted from and nearer till they saw the jostling even to the knife at his hip, ordered colthood, and behind him thundered outfit on a rocky hillside just ahead.

him to go with them and to make no ten other Navajos in a fury, sworn "Tahallol"(Wait) ordered Tsanoise. to rescue Tsa or avenge his blood bekiss, in terror; "We are riding into

Ten of Indian Mike's PahUte at the cost of their own. an ambush—we must get out to one

followers rounded up those thirty Down the rocky, sidling trail the side."

head of horses and rushed them back marauding PahUtes rushed their into the hills towards the ford on lathering band—clattering hoofs, /\heap of stones in a

the San Juan, while Mike and ansplatters of blood from torn and dry, silent region marks the only other PahUte held Tsa the Navajo bruised feet. They trod on each place where four states of the Union

on his white stallion and forced him other's heels and jostled violently corner together. This is known as

to ride near the heels of the flying through narrow passes in feverish Fourcorners. Walk around this

band. hurry, with Tsa, the captive Navajo, heap and in five seconds you have

QUICK WITH PREMEDITATEO ACTION

MIKE SNATCHED MITCHEL'S PISTOL FROM

ITS HOLSTER AND SHOT HIM THROUGH

THE HEAD.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

PRAIRIE COUNTRY AND

BALD ROCK SOUTH OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN.

:"':!.. "jfcs&

traversed the states of Utah, Colostandard prevailing beyond their as the Navajos expected. Instead

rado, New Mexico, and Arizona. sawtooth horizon. they dragged their captive Tsa from

In 1860 this wilderness point The old Navajo Mountain is the the back of his white stallion, and stood far beyond the wild frontier of center of distance and barriers last released him, leaving him to dodge civilization. To the northwest lay of all to be penetrated by moderntheir hoofs and stagger limping back

what is now San Juan County, isms. Whatever goes out from that over the sharp rocks, while the

Utah, a rugged, broken area about heart of remoteness is sure to be twelve PahUtes followed their the size of the state of New Jersey. adverse to law and order and may thundering band of stolen horses

It was the heritage of a thousand be expected to return in haste seekthrough the narrow cleft.

PahUtes, a degenerate offshoot of ing protection from the penalty of On top of the rim they waited unthe big Ute tribes of Utah and Coloviolated conventions. der cover, shouting shrill warning

rado. The name PahUte, was The coming of white men to the to Tsabekiss and his Navajo men

given originally in reproach by the western mountains disturbed various not to come nearer. "We'll put arUtes when the ancestors of these Indian tribes, and the PahUtes had rows in you clear to the feathers,"

degenerates failed to join the main to draw in somewhat from the wide they yelled, exulting in their securtribe and face the danger in the range of their former operations. ity; and they mocked at Tsa while

uplands, but stayed in their camp he staggered down the rough trail down by the water; thus they beto the other Navajos.

came WaterUtes or PahUtes. The big Navajo and his men saw

These PahUtes of San Juan stubno way around, only as they might bornly refused any governmentgo miles off to the right or the left, appointed reservation. Descended which would give the twelve Pahfrom a long line of fighting ancesUte thieves ample time to reach the

tors, they insisted still on making San Juan River and make good their their own laws with complete disescape. "Chinde! Clizh bekygie!"

regard, if not really with pronounced called Tsabekiss in loud desperation, contempt, for the centuryold United "We'll see you again."

States. When the Navajos turned slowly

LOOKING NORTHEAST. MONUMENT VALLEY unwillingly the they back and way THE SMALL BETWEEN THE MONUMENT TWO proved themselves They more

IS LARGER TO ONES his MYRIC vicSAID Bigmouth IS WHERE came, and Mike forthan the thou- a match twenty DIED. HAVE hurried torious gang PahUte away acrosssand river to the Navajos the

south, for they had nothing to lose, Crowded a little more closely toto the ford, and{Continuedon Northeaston page 638)to and every clash had the lure of easy gether, they had to split privileges gain. Besides their superior trickwith greater frequency or reduce CLIFFS NEAR BLANDING, UTAH.

ery and cunning for profitable war, their numbers to fit a more narrow they could disappear among the territory.

rocks of their chosen haunts like rats These trifling limitations bred dis- K%- in a lumberyard. content in the mutinous dregs of the

The San Juan River separated the tribe, and they rebelled at the ditwo tribes, serving as a barrier of vision of things. From this mutindefense or a safety base of attack in ous element a dozen "soreheads"

the frequent collisions between sulked apart, wanting to do things them. for themselves and find better for-

A hundred and fifty miles west of tunes than the tribe had allotted.

Fourcorners is Navajo Mountain. With this ambition these PahUte

In 1860 it was the most faraway renegades planned to rob Tsabekiss place in the whole Southwest, and the big Navajo of his fine horses, it is the most faraway still. For and they had approached near to the

eleven years it had been United ford of the San Juan with their

States territory without being plunder when they saw the big changed in the least degree by Navajo and his furious posse hot on

United States government. Pretheir heels.

historic liberty reigned supreme in Ahead of them the trail led all its caves and hogbacks. The through a narrow cleft to a high rim,

men hiding in its canyons or hunting and taking it all quickly into account, its rugged uplands followed their Bigmouth Mike, the PahUte reneown sweet will, unmindful of any gade leader, had ordered no ambush602 w a

By ALBERT

E. BOWENThe paradise General Superintendent

of the Y. M. M. I. A.

of the pacific WELCOMES THE LEADERS

I. A. OFM.

visit to the Paradise of theOURPacific as official represen- [USIC, DANCING, AND FEASTING WITH THINGS OF tatives of the Mutual Im- M'THE SPIRIT GIVING BENEDICTION MARK HAWAII'S provement Associations would not FESTIVE GREETING TO THE LEADERS OF YOUTH IN THE CHURCH.

have become a reality except for the insistence of President Ralph E.

Woolley of Oahu Stake. He was

visiting in Salt Lake City on other

Church business and reminded the

First Presidency that even though

Hawaii is far distant from the mainland, the members of the Church in

MidPacific are faithful and eager to share equally in the good things of the Gospel, and urged the sending of representatives to help the newly appointed M. I. A. officers in setting

up the work of the organization.

The result was that President Ruth May Fox and I ( my wife accompanying me) found ourselves

OF which THE L. NIGHT VIEW the 5. 5. Mololaaboard wife, left waiian a party Mission and IMPRESSIVE THAND. S. ANYTEMPLEOTHERAT of ALAIE—"MORE 8, and on AugustSan Francisco PACIFIC."BUILDING ON THE friends other Church members and

sailed into Honolulu Harbor the folwho gave us our first introduction lowing Thursday, August 13, to the to Hawaiian hospitality, which is all playedstrains of "Aloha Oe"visit official Superintendent of that more. hears about one THE it—and Hawaiian the Royalsuperbly by Y. Albert the E. of M. Bowen M. for been Arrangements had made President A. Ruth and Fox bids delightfully May thus whichBand at Sister of 1. to stay the Fox home I. to Y. the the A. of Oahu M. W. to incoming each adieu andwelcome

16, 15 Conference, Stake Brother the of August and E. Fred Lunt Oahu ship. party departing ownand Our visit in histhe official first the marks Council, the Stake and High Bowens of representatives greeted auxiliary bywas tory the an Church of of to President of taken the were home regularly to conscheduled head a press, President andthe Woolley

tropical luxury and Woolley. Here outside stake organized ference an of the of Bailey President Hawife,

hospitality prodigal afforded the continental America. were confines of

in the Church of The members that informality one with such easy

Q. MONUMENT CANNON"AT THE "GEORGE repersistently urgently and Hawaii RIGHT: GATES TO LUCY LEFT scarcely beHAWAII. IN that he was was aware their presence, quested Stake through ALBERT SUPERINTENDENT BOWEN, entertained, things ing sumptuously FOX, the President E. ANDE. PRESIDENT RUTH MAY and Woolley, BOWEN, Ralph

its in so provisuch with PRESIDENT OF THE MISSION, W. FRANK happened naturally and Hawaii opened Church

BAILEY. to hospitable dent give and arms taste. unassuming good grace and

A commodious and beautifully muchexecutiveand headsto takeof muchthe Mutualfrom theseImsituated lanai ( porch ) extends along provement Associations during their two sides of President Woolley's sixteenday stay on the islands.

home, overlooking an expansive garden of profuse tropical growth.

It is here, in the imperishable beauty ently uninvited, but socially conof outdoor Hawaii, that most of the genial. Without formality, converliving is done in summer—and it is sation was suddenly halted by the

nearly always summer. strains of ukeleles and beautifully

Soon after the evening meal was blended voices drifting through the completed toward the close of our gathering dusk from the garden—

first day on the islands, friends bechorus of Hawaiian M. I. A. girls

gan to drop in—members of the had come to serenade us with their

Church from here and there, apparnative songs, possessed as they are

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

of a charm all their own. Having finif it has an equal, numbers considished their impromptu singing, other ered, on the mainland, for sheer

voicesgarden—thewere heardvoicesto ofcomeyoungfrommen,the beautyTo theseof musicalmeetingsemotion.there was peralso thoughtfully interpreting the haps given an added touch of

music that belongs to the islands. solemnity by the death of Sister

And then these two groups joined Jeanette Hyde in the meetinghouse voices and with their singing and on Saturday afternoon as she sat charmingly graceful dancing dewith the Relief Society sisters in lightfully entertained the assembled their conference, instructing them in company until late into the tropical their duty and the technique of its night. Such was the end of our performance. A touch of sadness

first day in Hawaii. there was, but no gloom. Such a

glorious going out of a light, indeed,

VS7ith characteristic efficiency, the left no place for gloom.

Hawaiian stake and ward auThe esteem in which she was held thorities had organized their personWHAT I FOUND was evidenced by the heartfelt nel and their meetings, so that the IN HAWAII tributes paid her by the native Saints conference, which was conducted in the Relief Society session of the By RUTH MAY FOX

President General of the Sunday conference. The President

Y. W. M. I. A. of that organization, Sister Salm.

who, incidentally, is a graduate of laughter, found girls for the school Kamehameha laughter, I Joyous in of one an instructor and formerly the ripples Like on the water

When the sunbeams glint the sea. its departments, incorporated into

her beautifully phrased encomium

I heard music, this exquisite poetry from the Promusic, Glorious

Floating gladly on the air. verbs

sorrow, lighten pain that and Songs for find can a virtuous woman? "Who

share! everyone Songs that may.. rubies.. far price is her above

tender, low, Music and sweet, ships; is like she merchants'the "She

dancing Music gay for. afar... eth from feet, bring her food

Strains that rouse the voice to cheers, "She girdeth her loins with strength, and

Strains that melt the heart to tears. strengtheneth her arms.

Sing, sing, your songs of ecstacy "She perceiveth that her merchandise is

And sing one tender strain for me. good; her candle goeth not out at night.

THE "M. I. A. PARTY,"OVERLOOKING KILAUEA DarkI saw eyesdancingglancing and"Sheher layethhands holdher thehandsdistaff.to the spindle,

In the evening's mellow glow. "She stretcheth out her hand to the poor;

to the out she reacheth hands her yea, swinging, Dancers it is proas on the mainland,much.. needy. upflinging, Armsceeded dispatch with clothing; and admirable are her "Strength and. and honor Swaying gently to and fro;

effectiveness. The Saturday evening Tripping feet, expressive fingers she shall rejoice in time to come.

wisdom; her with and openeth mouth She rite lingers. Disclose that in dimly social a themeeting commodiand

is the kindness. of law tongue her of youthful the joy dancing at in Kalihi attracted chapelous let fruit hands; of the her her. and.. "Give glancing. slyly are eyes dark the When peoof threeneighborhood hundred the gates."praise in her her works own

ple. At the Sunday meetings the 1 found flowers everywhere. From Proverbs, 31.

numbers increased, and devotion and They weave them into garlands fair, proudly your them round Throw of our sixthe remainder During insincerity conmatters of Gospel neck, at stay days'teen we held meetings in evidence. everywherecern were content, And, not they deck your hair

The usual three general sessions With gorgeous oleanders, Laie on the Island of Oahu, Waimea flowers hue, of everywere held on Sunday with specially Fragrant to red dainty From flaming arranged smaller gatherings beThe splendrous cereus, snowywhite.blue.

tween times. Blooms once for you, that once at

The press had generously advernight.

tised the conference meetings, espeThere are the golden shower trees cially that of Sunday evening. The FlingingIn generoustheirabandon.petals to the winds

response was generous, aided perThe royal palms, so straight and tall haps by the announcement that Lucy With kingly pride looks over all land as thenGates sing, and The would Bowen to "Look up ifme—Ito say,lead the way."the that chapel normally accommodates perhaps six hundred was And I found friends

friends New friends—true inside perhapscrowded and out by

hearts were Whose warm as a sumthis occasome eight on hundred mer's day, sion. The work of the Hawaiian Whose handclasp like a heavenly ray

choir of more than two hundred Drew soul to soul of sympathetic love In bondsvoices was also an outstanding feacomes alone from Whichture of the conference. We doubted above the throne

as we heard its rich and soulful inAloha nui (I love you much) terpretations of the songs of Zion For kindly words and friendly touch. SUPT. ALBERT E. BOWEN AND MRS.

and other fine religious expressions, BOWEN ON THE TEMPLE GROUNDS IN LAIE.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

could not prevent our enjoyment of the miles of fernlined drive from the mountain down to Hilo. One

old crater in particular was filled—literallywith such atheygrowthwereoftrees—aslacy fern one'strees

imagination would never picture.

More kindly by far was Haleakala on Maui which has an elevation of 10,000 feet gained in a distance of about thirty miles. We set out at

three in the morning to see the sunrise famed far and near for its transcendent beauty. As we attained the summit clouds came drifting in, obscuring the great crater

and dashing our hopes to experience the sunrise. But this disFERN FOREST, HAWAII NATIONAL PARK says: "More impressive than any appointment was richly compenother building in the Pacific is the sated by the appearance of a pheand Hilo on the island of Hawaii, Mormon Temple at Laie, Oahu."nomenon said to be so rare as never

and Wailuku on the Island of Maui. The trip by airplane from Honoto have been seen by even many

Our meeting at Laie was held in lulu to the island of Hawaii afforded Kamaaina. From looking east for

the selfsame meetinghouse in which an experience not to be forgotten. the sunrise which did not come, we

Sister Bowen, during nearly five Our plane skirted Molokai, passed turned our faces to the west, and happy years of her childhood, atover part of Lanai, landed at Maui there in all its glory was the cirtended Sunday School and other whence it took off again for Hilo. cular white rainbow, arching round

Church meetings and listened to the Much of the time we were high to our very feet where the colors of teachings of such men as President above the clouds which hung below the spectrum danced about like the like billowing mountain living us in form father, F. Smith, her ownJoseph

the microscope. intervening with eiderdown things seen Wein a culturehave beenunderto and peaks Dean, HarryJacob Gates,

others. Here she learned the notes valleys. Always far below were the the "end of the rainbow"and have

on the ukulele and learned to sing sparkling waters of the blue Pacific. seen its "pot of gold."But more was

it, "the yet to come!songs in the Hawaiian tongue, the As Sister Fox expressed

repetition of which brought joyous world was upside down."Beneath Out through the circle of the white

beams to the faces of the audiences us were the clouds and far, far below rainbow at what appeared to be a where we held our several meetings. them the blue water appeared as the distance of about two hundred feet

So much of the language did she vaults of heaven. was a small circular rainbow with

retain and so easily did she fit into From Hilo we drove hour after a diameter of from ten to fifteen feet the customs of the land that she was hour through fields of sugar cane and displaying all the colors of the forthwith accepted as a Kamaaina which spread from the water's edge spectrum which spread a kind of (old timer) as distinguished from up the mountain slopes, till finally, mist over the face of the circle and the malihini (stranger). we entered the Parker ranch at an in the center of which appeared one's

Here we were overnight guests of elevation of three thousand feet or shadow. When one walked, the

Bishop Frank Woolley and his more. This ranch is said to comrainbow with his shadow walked

charming wife, Hattie, who studied prise 750,000 acres and to be the with him; if one swung his arms the

with the writer during his teaching largest ranch in the world devoted shadow did likewise.

days at Logan. In the morning to the breeding and raising of pureDescending from Haleakala to the

Sister Bowen lived over again the bred cattle. President Bailey was plane below we were conducted to

days of her childhood as we wanour capable guide and here in the a place made memorable by the wondered to the site of the Sugar Mill heart of that great ranch at Waimea where she carried to her father his he had called a meeting of the Elders daily noonday meal, picked pomeand Mutual Improvement Associagranates from trees growing by the tion officers of the district who gathside of the little house he built for ered from distances up to forty his family, swam in the ocean where miles. It was a heartening thing to

daily they all went for their bath, see their unfeigned devotion and snapped pictures of the loved old their eagerness for the help that meetinghouse now on a new site, would aid them in doing a good job.

having yielded its former one to the In all the islands only the worldexquisitely beautiful temple, the famed Kilauea was unkind to us. It

pride of Hawaii, a jewel in a setting sullenly refused to belch forth steam of unsurpassed tropical beauty. So or to light up its hidden fires or to

far as manmade structures are conroll about its usually turbulent mass cerned, it has no equal in the islands. of molten lava. Instead it showed

us only its monster crater bottomed

Tn A publication called Dreams of by apparently cold black mud. Even

Hawaii, Leinani Jones Melvell its disobliging obduracy, however,

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

derful accomplishments of George ence, considering that the organiwaiians should therefore be great

Q. Cannon to whom as a youthful zation had to be built of new maactors, but the drama as we know it

missionary it was given to see the terial from the ground up, has made has had no place in their lives. Rich

greatness of the work to be done a progress truly remarkable. The in pageantry, however, they are. In

among the native inhabitants of people are intelligent, mentally speech they are eloquent; their memthose islands. Reading the story of alert, spiritually sincere, and zealous ories seem to be prodigious. Those

their condition then, and witnessing for the cause. The work of the of our Church know the Scriptures

their present station, one is proMutual Improvement Associations as do few people as a class.

is impressedfoundly the thought by organized about conducted and intanAs to singing—somethingof traveled they have on the except for a as how far it is at home few gible, of soulfulness something

culture, of learning, refinement, resulting variations necessary fromway is lost the native sings a Hawaiian when life.stability of In square a small local conditions. wards The in Oahu foreign song. transparsheer The

littlenear the stands a highway Stake, are or two, excepting for one native of a ent beauty Hawaiian frame meetinghouse. In its grounds presided over by Hawaiian bishops. song sung by a Hawaiian is not to

erected inhas classes a shaft the been which upon held are not Senior in else anything with be is in inscription a plaque bearing organizations excepting an A. M. I. I. in so, the A. Ha- M. music—andcompared it effect thisto that the the near of so was Because wards. many two of the people waii encourages Hafirst thatspot the Saint Latterday not older read Hawaiians Engdo that the to perpetuate beauty waii

baptism in the islands was performed lish, considerable translation and is essentially theirs as well as to acin 1861 by George Q. Cannon and adaptation of the Adult Manuals is quire the best that we have to offer.James Keeler. The name of George made necessary. In other depart-

Q. Cannon is still held in reverence ments, however, surprisingly little In Priesthood activity the Oahu

by the people of that island. deviation from suggested courses Stake leads the Church, and perhaps

will the do. continue so to HaTo occurs. little adjacent of town WaiThe to waiian, than perhaps more many

luku, nestling peacefully hardly the beneath it seems As to dancing, far from reared remote were who is to peaks, totowering teach said mountain for Americans necessary is saauthority paradise, the Island derive its name from the circumHawaiians to dance. The beauty cred, sincerity is unfeigned, devoutthatstance they their the of native dances, course of the up when

is life. of the Prophet ness When

it, that in unflows thestream are and executed "pure through Kameauthor- of his duly the Lord or any is to the not battle defiled"fought thehamehah Great manner Hawaiian law, speak, is the ized servants such ballhis establishedwhich ordinary our supremacy with be compared is unthe obeyed. law and The

it. the island ofover consupplanted and by Maui room dancing—nor of counterfeited, undiluted goodness

it issolidated It island of the with highly interpretative dancing Hathe love of people those some whowaii of already he subdued. which had developed. is one dance The way us of the of some makes Lord work

is battle said to so telling have a story. been EveryThe movement stock to take a of need conscious

sanguinary that the streams ran in it is intended to express a thought. and look well to what lies within our

the flowblood purposeful. is therefore and by It was checked The hearts concerning the relas own ofthe bodies the It is a long dead. of the hands and arms movements

life. ative values ofway from the savagery of those deare much relied upon to impart the

vastating wars to the gentle, peacemessage, hence the consummate Such are a few of the reflections loving Hawaiian of today. grace which characterizes them. Faand impressions brought back from

cial expression and bodily movement provident Hawaii, the Paradise of

At the many luaus and other deare also requisitioned. The Hathe Pacific.

lectable feasts, the Mutual Improvement representatives had set before them such sumptuous plentitude of good things as man should read about but never consume. Delicacies too numerous even to taste

strange and familiar foods, strangely and familiarly prepared—chicken

cooked in cocoanut milk, cocoanut cakes that defy description, meats prepared in native fashion and cooked in Hawaiian pit ovens—fruits,

nuts, and spices of almost innumerable varieties—and the whole atmosphere overladen with the heavy

fragrance of dense tropical flowers and foliage—feasts such as these,

accompanied as they were with wholesouled friendliness and good cheer, leave one with a lifetime memory of delectable goodness multiplied many times by itself.

Under the able leadership of President Ralph E. Woolley, the Oahu

Stake in the brief year of its exist606

FARES THE CHURCHHOW IN GERMANY By ROY A. WELKER

President of the German Austrian Mission

Vrnpastthe landeightyoneof lutheryearsandhavethe seenreformationthe restoredthese

Gospel take root and steadily grow in the great German nation despite changes of fortune and buffetings from within and without—-until today faithful german people

man the Church in Germany.

dom and periods of restraint. Thus fairs in justice and with efficiency.

out of conditions which have comSeventy of the seventyseven pelled alertness, keenness, humblebranches are presided over by local ness, faith, and high purpose, the brethren, seven by missionaries.

work of the Church has marched Nearly all of these branch presidents steadily onward and upward through have counselors and clerks and the years. operate about as bishops do in the

One visiting the seventyseven wards of the Church. They are

assisted of Priesthood by a bodyTHE CHURCH MARTIN DOOR ON WHICH of the GermanAustrianLUTHER'S PUBbranches NINETYNINE THESES ARE the responsiconscious of areLISHED. divided Mission today, as it is into who

thirteen districts with a membership bilities their calling requires of them.

of nearly eight thousand, would be In the main they are very faithful forcefully struck with the measurable and devoted and they set an example in their communities. of organithe various that completeness 1855, October, was in

the branch, all of the In average zations. forget almost may One Richards, FranklinIT Elders D, also auxiliary organizations that one is of various only in the branches

William Kimball, and William the Church seven thousand miles function. In the larger branches,

Budge, missionaries laboring in from headquarters, and many have as well as here and there in the

England, were sent to Dresden, Gerthe sense of being in the welloffi- smaller ones, there are also English many, at the request of Karl G. cered wards and stakes at home. classes, dramatic associations, glee

Maeser, a school director, to have clubs, orchestras, all striving toward districts presided All the are of to explainsomeone Mormonism spiritual enrich the to purpose: one

local brethren, of over most them by sincerehim. rather Curiosity than friends Saints of the welfare and

clerk. counselors a having and twointerest led the scholar keen young to contacts those with make and who officers presiding operate Theseto to something about want know in interested the of be Gospel may stakes presidencies of as the muchthis strange, "sect,"acwhich, new the Master. for frequently do. meet They its literature, tocording scant was

making such bold, Unheardof claims counsel. They administer their afTHE GERMAN REICHSTAG BUILDING, BERLIN.

of divine origin and authority. Many

were the finespun arguments and "logic traps"prepared and set for these three "holy saints missionaries"when they should come withtheir strange message. But—"they

came, they saw, they conquered,"and Karl G. Maeser became one of

the most sincere advocates and defenders of the Gospel that his native land has ever produced. The origin

of the work of the Church of Jesus

Christ of Latterday Saints in Germany can never be divorced from the name of Karl G. Maeser.

In the eighty years since his conversion, much has happened. The

Church has enjoyed periods of free607

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

The churches in Germany, as:: -;:;I.:.,.; r |::.:B:K.:.

perhaps nowhere else in the world, are held responsible for the spiritual welfare of the people. The state

says plainly to them: "You take

care of the religious affairs of life;

we'll take care of the temporal."

The significance of the foregoing impressed itself upon the writer when one Sunday morning recently he saw about two thousand persons, boys, men, girls, and women between the ages of twelve and thirtyfive, running relay races along the beautiful two mile Charlottenburger

Chaussee which is an extension of the famous Unter den Linden. On

OFeach PRIESTHOOD PART THE CHEMOF THE stamped a dogged face was happiness, the missionaries and ANITZ DISTRICT, MISSION, GERMANAUSTRIANdetermination, an abandonment DISTRICT A ceaselessly JUST AFTER PHOTOGRAPHED of to members the Church—victory.purpose. That purpose was to win hopecarry totheireveryonemessagewhoofis cheerwillingandin PRIESTHOOD CONFERENCE.

Strangely enough, the women the least measure to listen. halls or in homes, before English

were outrunning the men. The Means for doing this are many. clubs or classes, breaking down inthought then arose: give this people herited prejudices against the Mor-

': '--m—misWKSMi mons, telling something of theten years with such a program and %mM88i>ym -'::

it will astonish the world with the unique communities in which they physical powers of its women as live and explaining their plan of salwell as its men. vation.

Recently the Good Templars of There is no visitor to Germany Berlin sought out a branch president today but who is impressed and asked for an illustrated lecture with the development of the nation, on Utah and its people. In their

physically. Perhaps there has been fine hall with about two hundred

nothing like it since the days of anand fifty members present, these cient Sparta. But what of the spirGood Templars expressed their apitual? That is the challenge to the preciation for the service rendered

churches! Are they meeting that in their unique and characteristic

challenge? way, all arising and stamping upon

The Church of Jesus Christ of the floor once with each foot. They

do not applaud by clapping the to is trying Latterday Saints do so, PRESIDENT PAUL GOECKIRITZ AND HIS TWO hands. SERVING BRETHREN COUNSELORS—GERMAN spiritual trying that to supply

strength which will not only suppleASDISTRICT.THE DISTRICT PRESIDENCY OF CffEMNITZ Recently about sixtyfive memment the tremendous physical debers of an English Club asked a

illustrated to missionary give an them control, on, but going velopment tracting of the old Besides and ways lecture reAmerica, but on Western it credit regulate, to the guide and film projector meetings, holding the his that quested nothing of he say society of the of the individual and popular. every has In very become religion. or agreed This Church was moves. he in which district traveling to four from one to condition: that one none upon it is being done? How missionaries in are church now, busy either. ask of about them him trepolitics, in When but Disinterested

mendously interested in life and life's OLD MEISSEN—BIRTHPLACE OF KARL G. MAESER the lecture was over, more than

forty members of the club kept the "itmpy missionary two hours answering queries about both his Church and his religion. Since that time, other

missionaries have given other lectures, not only to this English Club, but to groups to which have come merchants, bankers, newspaper men, policemen. In the city where this

happened, much misunderstanding and prejudice have been allayed and many have listened attentively to "truths which alone can satisfy the soul and establish certainties in a transient world."

Some months ago, two humble Elders were transferred to the city of Gera. Half afraid of the police

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

Later, these missionaries were invited into dozens of homes where they had an opportunity to preach the Gospel. They were also advertised in local newspapers, furnished

a large hall for a film lecture about the Mormons, and at the close of the meeting passed out about twelve hundred tracts. Once the missionaries were called away from the table

where these tracts were being distributed, and the chief of police of the city stepped forward and kindly handed out the tracts until the missionaries returned. A few weeks

after this, the young Mormon coach accompanied one of the teams he had coached to Berlin for a game, and was banqueted by them. As a special tribute to the things for which

he stood, the leader asked all his men to refrain from smoking or drinking beer or other alcoholic beverages in the presence of the misBAPTISM OF OF THE BUCHHOLZPLACE sionary. WHERE WITTENBERG, PLACE IN THE MARKETBRANCH, SAXONY. GERMAN MEMBERS MANY CENTERED. ACTIVITY OF LUTHER'S MUCH Last summer, two other missionOF BAPTIZED BEEN CHURCH HAVE THE

HERE. aries spent six weeks in an athletic

training camp of one hundred sixtyWinds ). This book is widely read.

with whom they registered, one five university students teaching The next to the last chapter of it is showed his basketball proclivities as them basketball, the Word of Wisdevoted to the Mormons and their he spoke in broken German. The dom and "The Way of Life"as land. It is a glowing tribute to the

officer saw in him an opportunity to Mormonism teaches it. They made people in whom he recognizes ideals

have basketball taught to his fellow friendships that will never be forof permanent value and who treated workers and perhaps make some gotten. It is known that some of him with hospitality while in their

preparation for the Olympics. these students have spoken favormidst. Those who read this chapter

Basketball was scarcely known at ably in various parts of the Reich of will surely have their prejudices that time in Gera. As a result, two the Mormon missionaries with whom stilled, should they possess any.

or three basketball teams were orthey became acquainted. Just a few months ago, Dr.

ganized among the city's young ofHaenle of Tubingen University, ficers and sportsmen. The missionCometime during the year 1935 who spent something over a year in

aries, during the time they were not that "rover writer,"Walter EidUtah studying the Mormons, gave engaged in tracting, visiting friends, litz, of Austria, published his little four lectures about them, free of and holding meetings, instructed travelogue Reise nach den vier charge, even paying his own railroad and coached these teams. Winden (Travels to the Four fare to the place of the lectures and

back home again. He did it, as he

stated, to repay partially the debt of kindness he owed President Grant, the late President Ivins, and others who made him so welcome in

Utah. Besides paying tribute to the

individuals who showed him hospitality, he expressed appreciation of the economic, social, and religious values which the Church makes effective in the daily lives of its members. The writings of Dr. Brauer of

past years are still doing service in wiping out hatred of the Mormons.

The magnificent city of Berlin was a veritable beehive of activity, preparing for the Olympic games. Its

four and onehalf million people united as one to prove to the world that they are one. Along the traffic

avenues to and from the most perfect stadium in which the Olympic

GERMAN MISSIONARIES SERVING AS OLYMPIC JUDGES games have ever been held is a Morofficial fitted missionaries uniforms, white four right: Edwere from left to and are out in shown above, The

(Idaho), Merrill J. (Salt Lake), Christensen A. mon exhibition of the Word of WisVinton City), Charles ward C. Judd (Salt Lake M. Jerome

Perschon (Salt Lake). (Continued on page 621)

LETTER OLD BYRON DISCOVERED a letter written by lord byron, famous english poet, over inJOSEPH DAVISONan oldone editionhundredof andbyron'sseventeencompleteyearsworksago wasowneddiscoveredby joseph

PURCHASER OF THE Davison, son of a humble convert to the Church of Jesus

ORIGINAL BYRON Christ of Latterday Saints.

LETTER

HPhe original letter of George GorBy ANDREW DAVISON GLAD * don Byron appearing here reveals the delightful qualities of the author's mind and his manner of corOccasionally by sheer good rectingthe storyhisbehindwork. theAtletterthe sameillustratestime,

fortune, priceless mementoes the opportunity that lies in training are unearthed. Just such a one's self in worthwhile activities.

treasure is the letter reproduced Fighting his way against great handicaps, Joseph Davison finally won to here, written by George, Lord By- a place where he knew for himself the ron, on April 27, 1819—over one value that lies in education.

hundred and seventeen years ago.

Discovered pasted into an early edition of Byron's poems, it reflects per, an early edition of Shakecredit upon the tastes and the good speare's works complete in one volsense of values possessed by Josume, and an early edition of Lord eph Davison, son of a convert to the Byron's works, containing the origChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterinal letter of Lord Byron which is day Saints. reproduced in this article.

The story behind Joseph Davison During this period he also was is worth knowing for the insight actively engaged in Church work, which it gives to his appreciation of finally determining to migrate to the worthwhile things of life. On Utah. To do this, he secured a place

January 23, 1854, Helen Davison as a waiter on an Americanbound was baptized a member of the "Mor- ""FiELD/A/ij ksm ship.

mon"Church. In order to do this Working diligently after his arthe missionaries had to break a hole BYRON AS HE APPEARED AT MISS0L0NGHI rival in Utah, he finally saved

adjacent HE HAD WHEN CAUSE. ADOPTED GREEK a river THE the ice of through to his send for mother enough money

IN AFTER A PAINTING BY T. PHILLIPS THE than Less home. to the Davison for purchased he and an uncle NATIONAL GALLERY, LONDON. PORTRAIT whom

two months after the baptism, a son a home in the Nineteenth Ward.

George Davand born to Helen this Elizwas after Lois Shortly he met securthus hindered from was He influence the protecting within ison of a cousin the abeth Harwood, ing schooling. an adequate Howson a Church,of artist, the whom T. Harwood. famous James they ever, realized getof he the value

named Joseph, out of honor to the ting an education and began to atAfter a few months he wrote to her modern prophet whose message they tend night school at Newcastleon- mother in England asking permission had accepted. Tyne. He early became an ardent to marry the daughter. In three

When Joseph reached his thirlover of good books and used what months the letter granting permisteenth year, his father emigrated to small savings he could in their pursion arrived and they were married

Utah. Unable to find employment chase. As a result of his studies in in the old Endowment House on

there, he returned to the eastern history he collected an early edition July 17, 1884.

part of the United States. Further of Gibbon's Roman Empire, a 1716 All the days of his life he confailure to secure employment added edition of Plutarch's Lives, Motinued faithful to the Church and

to his discouragement until finally, cheim's Ecclesiastical History edited reared a family who are carrying having nothing to report, he ceased in 1768. His love of literature led forward his good work. As he lay

his In 24, deathbed, September family. on hiscorresponding with him to read all of the works of Robin he repeated a low and clear 1 930, children, deEngland, his wife and

prived of their sole support, were ert Burns, Sir Walter Scott, Dr. voice from Longfellow, another of

forced to find other means of gaining Johnson, Lord Byron, and Dickens, his favorite poets:

subsistence. Joseph as the eldest who became one of his favorites.

filled shall the with night music be "And literary also books began to add He the responsishoulderedmember the that the cares oppress day And collection: his edition of in to a 1786bility obtained employment and tents fold like Shall their the Arabs,

a shipyard. the complete works of William CowAnd as silently steal away."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

are in as force; and, Turks coming down greatness freedom of mankind. The

I shall I shall for me, stand cause. by theMAN IN REVOLTof partially Byron's heart can be

shortly to orders) against (according march his estimated wholehearted from atLepanto with two thousand men."GEORGE GORDON the tachment to Greek cause, a deBYRON (17881824) votion which finally culminated in On April 19, 1824, two months

his death. Many of his letters from \ateTt he died at Missolonghi of a By MARBA C JOSEPHSON Missolonghi prove his sublimation marsh fever caught while helping

self of in interest the of the Greeks, for organize the struggle grand by reof Byron's manyAlthough excerpt of these adfrom one An finally of Greece which means won illconsidered volts ones were to dressed the Douglas Honourable her liberty the prothrough London integrity, his to harmfuland own reads: Kinnaird tocol of February, 1830, by which glorious attempts,some*of them were

pointing the way to the greater "Missolonghi, February 21, 1824 Turkey relinquished her claims.

emancipation of mankind. "I have received yours of the second of Upon learning of the death of

It is essential that the November. said: Byron, money Stanhope Lord "Engfighter against Byron was a great

it should as for be paid, drawn I have lost her brightest genius has all, land hypocrisies of the of histhe world... too, to the help Greeks. and more

time and a beloved fighter for the "We shall have work this year, for the (Concluded on page 634) f&,% &J y*- /entHC,\m 'O 0J lis* lAC - -.s/t/ cy "'***** c-Co-

"*T-fc**. Ar

o *****

/*i &- ***L -Vt-*/{ ftaf* * ///*ft-v

w r./ *, /* S&t- "-c str* erf'& Cjjl6, rY

Z7"* ff h--e&rl*

'%.**-* t+SrfC fi&<- tirtfc?"6-\ "**9 -*t-- t*.rCnc. -.

*f

*c * Ay w*& t*\*X7 ttTi

<:*-*-t 'PUZPWL.t-twL&vfrV y <?c

<iw

*u/ <w >/r*r &—, - <*f & *"*--

V/ y li; &t- z? **>?'nf

c '-/ r/lZ'pi-s v'V ''V"2 / il <*?&-iv,5: &*—%f *-/ 2*2i yjj2L

yt-0 A-. 27 Ao<- Jgr fat- /i

A FACSIMILE REDUCED OF BYRON'S LETTER.<m-:t"x-CL -t- * *(*f y 'V; SENT TO GIOVANNI GALIGNANI, ANTONIO

EDITOR OF "GALIGNANI'S MESSENGER,"A 1 "DAILY PARISIAN PUBLICATION IN THE ENG-?CA{!k- c LISH LANGUAGE, AIMING AT THE PROMOTION

OF GOOD FEELING BETWEEN ENGLAND AND

FRANCE. (See page 634 for printed reproduction.)

y/**>

</l> -%t TuYl oif 0>'p c'','/fr*,,

Jr $ c

r>n 'C-<*- U"/ f/ //f

The journal OF MAY 3RD, 1856 All of us went to dinner with George and left New York 5 o'clock ARCHER WALTERSfor Iowa. Traveled by rails and

was very short of bread for children and they cried for something to eat PART III from May 4th until Friday 9th of

May, and then my wife went into the town and she had 2 cents and 2 slices of bread and meat, and bread was plentiful and Bro. Frost gave

us 15 cents. Left Chicago 11 o'clock

at night; arrived at Rock Island 9

o'clock morning May 10th.

10TH Had more bread allowed us and got some rice from our box that we left from our ship allowance and the children were more satisfied.

Slept in a storehouse Saturday night and Sunday night went on watch 8 o'clock until 12. Crossed the river

Missouri 8 o'clock Monday 12 of

May; arrived Iowa at 3 o'clock.

Dragged our luggage about 2 miles to camp ground. Fixed some tents

that was made aboard ship. It

rained and it was cold. My wife Continuing the selftold story of a man who with his

and daughters got into a tent. Henry wife and five minor children, left home and country

and me slept in a tent but was very and comfort to cast his lot with those who, in the midnineteenth cold and should of been worse if century were sacrificing all material considerations and even life

Bro. Webb had not covered us up. itself for their testimonies of Gospel truth.

13TH Got up. Very cold, still raining

and very uncomfortable. at the children bad with fever and of lumber. Saw a chapel or church

he agreed with me that we ought to burnt down. They say they were

14TH be separated, and I still loved Bro. preaching against us yesterday but

A fine day. Helped Bro. Webb Lee the same and we were separated. perhaps they will learn better by

splice some tent poles. Slept in tent Bro. Lee made a tent to himself and this purifying by fire.... Got to

with Bro. Lee. His children down it was better for both of us and all camp about ]/ past 8 o'clock.

with fever. was right.

20TH 15TH 18TH Went to work to make hand carts.

tent. morning. Beautiful to day. Very warm. same Went A fine very well. Worked 10 Was not past 10. meetingStill slept that the children with had Camp Open by hours. very poorly. Harriet %

the fever and could not be removed singing. Prayer by Bro. Ellsworth.

and I thought it hard but took it Bro. Van Cott introduced Bro.

patiently. Spencer. He spoke short. Elder 21ST

Ferguson was called to address the Went to work. Harriet not so

16TH meeting. He spoke at some length. well. Very hot. All very well conWent to Iowa to seek work. The... Bro. McAllister sang a song sidering the heat and change of diet.

bosses were short of lumber and got "The Good Honest Heart,"singing no work. Came back to camp. Tent by the saints, "Upper California."22ND

was down and we were moved to Benediction by Elder Goodsall, AdHarriet worse with what we are past 1 o'clock. Very told is the American Fever. Someanother tent. The children bad with journed until x/2

fever still with us and another famattentive. Bro. Bunker addressed times like the ague. Sarah went to

ily of healthy put with us. the meeting. Linley's farm to work and sent poor

Harriet some milk and crust of 17TH 19TH bread.

Bro. Goodsail was sent to look Went into the city of Iowa. Short (Continued on page 635)

Exploring the Universe By FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

TUTigh blood pressure has been reborder is being straightened by taking T Trea, ordinarily thought of as a

A A lieved in 82 persons by Dr. Crile of 59 tracts of land from Mexico, and *"* waste product of the body, has

Cleveland, Ohio, through denervation 65 cut from the United States for an been found to be good medicine for operations. The surgery consists in equal trade in area, and cutting a new slowhealing wounds. By the stimucutting some of the sympathetic nerves channel for the river. lating of a vigorous growth of new

supplying the thyroid or adrenal glands, tissue with abundant blood supply it preventing them from sending a subTThe photoelectric cell, by means has given relief from pain and rapid stance causing high blood pressure into * of which light can be changed into healing in the case of ulcers, carbuncles, the blood stream. an electric current, when applied to a infected burns, and certain skin infecmachine gives it the endowment of tions. Strangely the work which led

sight. But when a boiler objects when to the discovery of urea's medicinal

impurities enter the water that feeds it, properties resulted from the study of the photoelectric cell shows a sense maggots. It was found during the

of taste. World War that maggots in an open

wound had the power to clean up a

Tnmarried persons are more prone wound and stimulate healing.

**"* to mental disease than married > ones. Bachelors are three times as Ctudies by Dr. Slipher of Lowell

likely to as go insane men, are married that the atmos- *** Observatory show single as likely twice about women far as phere the most of Mars is by married women. like of the planets and it must containearthhulls six inches with Chips of wood water vapor.

** five tortoises weighing Individual hunthick pierced have been the by * in the + have been found dred pounds of swords swordfish.bony Swordflsh

have turned ships and their crews back Galapagos Islands off the west coast of A pygmy twin of the big 200inch to port for repairs. This fish is the South America. ** telescope to be installed on Mt.

largest, strongest, speediest, and most Palomar, California, is being prepared the for use on campus of the Californiapugnacious bony fish in the sea. as unan

Institute of Technology. smaller The of *"A lcoholseen andhasunreportedbeen reportedcause many

is telescope to be only onetenth the chronic deaths drinkers. among Of butterfly, the goldbanded A RARE size It giant. of the will in be used 21 deaths of Dr. which Urse V. G.r skipper, of AriMexico and New tests for St. making the best arrangement alcohol, to found said the due hezona, its Louis goes in stages through seven of auxiliary the its of apparatus larger five attributed only to coroner that Itdevelopment. infrom emerges each brother, then to and used be permacause.carnation or entirely form different an as nently special a telescope.

its differentorganism with structure, color and manner of life. For each

period of life, between almost microTagnificent sculptures portraying scopic egg and butterfly form it conKing Darius the Great have been structs a new home. unearthed at Persepolis, in Persia. The

sculptured scenes adorned two porticos

Tn a recent infantile paralysis epiof a courtyard and represented King * demic in Alabama the children wore Darius giving audience to some petinoses stained yellow. Doctors of the tioner.

United States Public Health Service discovered a year ago that picric acid '"Phe new radioactive substances now and sodium alum dissolved in mild salt * being created in the laboratory water prevents the contraction of pawill probably give medical men new ralysis. The solution is sprayed in tools to use, some of which may prove

each nostril, the yellow comes from rTTHE archer fish secures its food by more efficient than radium.

the picric * shooting insects with a pellet of acid.—water, and almost never misses its "pERYLLiUM, which costs $50 a pound,

to travel rocket would have six target at feet. four fish This curiousA to when added copper, makes an** fast times as as the velocity muzzle its living makes insects shooting by hard to enough cut steel.

of the long Big range Bertha German jet or with a short drop of water. An alloy

to escape from the earth's gravitation. insect may be knocked high in the

That would be a velocity of 7 miles air, or may fall on the bank out of a second. reach. It has been known by welldirected shots to extinguish a light held

"Doth phosphorus and silicon appear by a man sitting near the pool.

as the result of the bombardment of helialuminum of atoms by charged physician once took A German pic- K.S.um. the of middle The alchemists ** tures of insane people sleepwhile

ages spent their lives trying to do just ing and found that they moved many P"resh green grass is the newest such night. a thing—change one element into times during the reported * growth promoter. He Experimentsanother. in substance, the crazy with what "Look fresh grass rats show that when

people do!"He never thought to exjuice is added to milk the rats grow

rpHE Rio Grande river between part amine normal people or he would have faster. Sauerkraut juice, tomato juice,

* of Texas and Mexico is being found the same thing. The depth of and other juices that are taken for

shortened from 155 to 88 miles of river sleep varies during the night and everywhatever ails a person may have a new length. This meandering international one moves many times when sleeping. competitor.

Authorities of the Church.

Plans are now under way to extend the confines of the home by building a larger structure which will more adequately care for the more than one thousand missionaries who complete the course at the missionary home each year.

New President of Swedish Mission Sails f* u stive O. Larson, newly appointed

"* head of the Swedish mission, sailed on August 19 with his wife and two children to assume his new duties.

L. D. S. Institute Leaders

Appointed "TVirectors of the Latterday Saint in-

J-> stitutes for the coming year will be: Guy C. Wilson, Dr. Russell Swenson, and Dr. Sidney Sperry for the

Institute at the Brigham Young University at Provo, Utah; Dr. Thomas C.

Romney and Dr. Milton'R. Hunter for

the Logan Institute, Logan, Utah; Dr.

Daryl Chase for the Laramie Institute,

Laramie, Wyoming; George S. Tanner

for the Moscow, Idaho; Heber C. Snell,

Pocatello, Idaho; Newell Young,

richard r. lyman JOSEPH F. MERRILL Ephraim,tute; Roy Utah,West,JuniorSt. George,College Utah;InstiLymans Sailed for Europe by Dr. James L. Barker, professor of AlvaLowellFitzgerald,Bennion, CedardirectorCity,of Utah;the instiDr.

S\n September 9, Dr. Richard R. Lymodern languages at the University of tute at the University of Utah, Salt

training in Utah; and social conduct Sessions, City, Utah, Lake Wyley of the of Council the Twelve man, also given. In addition be to the of University Done,J. Utah; and ByronApostles, first will and Brown Lyman, Amy

counselor in the presidency of the Reregular classes, there will be each day Southern California, Los Angeles, Callief Society sailed for Europe to bean address from one of the General ifornia.

come the heads of the European Mission, with headquarters in London,

England. The same ship which conveyed the Lymans to Europe returned

Dr. Joseph F. Merrill and his wife

to the United States from their work as leaders of the European Mission.

Courses at Missionary Home Amplified r\N August 31, the course of instruc- - tion at the Missionary Home at

Salt Lake City, Utah, will be increased from ten days to three weeks. This

extension of time will permit the addition of special courses in the Church

SALT MISSIONARY FIELD MISSIONARIES FOR LAKE LEAVING HOME FROM THE THE to be conducted of educationsystem 17, 1936 SEPTEMBER ARRIVED 31, AUGUST 1936—DEPARTED and L. Westby Dr. Franklin Lucille Lois Tueller, Sessions, Fox, Sanford, Pres. to right: Margaret J. row, left Dr. M. First W.Lynn Bennion of the Church school Cynthia Nebeker, Georgia May Ramsay, Mary Giles, Maria Anderson, Beulah Carlston, Sister MagdalenLedaF. Sessions.Hertzig,

Kirk, Isaac, left Phelps, Dan Bert Rainey, Leon right: to Harry Warren row, Goodman, William Second auxiltraining in the Churchsystem;

I. Jacobs, Clifford Lynn Markham. Wright, Smith, M. Hadley, Henry Weston

School,iaries Primary, Young: Sunday Janssen, Helen left right: Grant Calvin Petty, Scott, Third to Lamb, Donald row, M. Swenson, Woodrow

E. Ahlin. Joseph Lawrence Young, Cheever, Asael Wallace, Thelma Mutual and Young Women'sMen's

left B. Harline, row, Swapp, Clyde L. Barraclough, Clifford right: Porter, Gordon to Fourth Osmond Don Relief Associations, SoImprovement Philo Collard, Ellis Hendrickson. Bailey, Charles Wilkinson, Sowards, Roger Rose, Sibyl

ciety, Genealogical Society; Aaronic Fifth row, left to right: Jesse Fox Taylor, Carl Peterson, David E. Clark, Doyle L. Green, Audrey Rigby,

Priesthood, which will be conducted Alma SixthD. Monson,row, leftAlvinto right:N. Hanson,DeanAllenT. Archibald,Lundgren, JosephVernonH.T.Stone,Thurgood.Douglas Coy Miles, Clarence L. Owen, Kurt

by members of the general boards, L. Johnson, Ermel J. Morton, Lawrence Whitney, Richard E. J. Frandsen, M. Newell Tingey, Louis E. Buhrley.

the Genealogical Society, and the Pre- E. Nelson,SeventhRevorow,Morrey,left toRexright:C. Tolman,MarvinAaronS. Taylor,G. Browm,LeRoyRobertFairbanks,Knudsen.LaMar Shelley, Anthony Wfolff, Morrissiding Bishopric; Old and New TestaEighth row, left to right: Delbert Hales, John G. Teasdale, William Warner, Edward R. McKay, Lyman S.

Christensen, Cecil Blake. Barton, Jr., Ed. Howard, H. Hugh Don Smith, Roy Hyrum studies, by to be givenment J. Wyley Shreave,

left Ellsworth, Rex Gourley, Robert H. Mark Austad, George F. to right: S. Barney, Ninth row, Louis missionary of the presidentSessions, E. B. Whitmer. Merrill, Owens, Hellewell, Nelson, James Rosco Wendell A. John

home; lingual instruction will be given Tenth row, left to right: -Bryant Croft, Elmer C. Muirbrook.

ALWAYS PAGEANT OF AUTUMN By Christie Lund By Grace Zenor Pratt

sweet coming o'er the blue hear Autumn heights that you seem

I hills hazy andMYnotheartto know.knows

Your steadfast feet that cleave unto the With velvet shod. So softly does she come

earth, The bluefringed gentian nods but gently

Have never known the peaks, above which in her wake, glow The meadows change but slowly from their

The rainbow's splendor and the dawn's green to gold, slow birth; And scarce a ripple dances on the lake.

The soul of song: its ecstacy, its healing; Her tapestries of bronze and gold she flings

The sense of oneness with Infinity; full wide,

That sudden, crystal miracle of feeling And where she steps, bright asters nod and

Life purged, made whole, a winged thing glow;

set free. She scatters crimson boughs on every side,

And tassled cornfields seem to bow more

Believe me, though, I love you none the low.

less The blue hills change to purple in the dusk,

For this one lack. You seek to understand, And silver stars shine coldly from the blue;

And that is all I ask. The gods will bless The ruby fruits droop low on bended vine,

You yet that you may gently take my hand Earth waits, entranced, while Autumn

And kneel in Beauty's temple where I go. passes through.

Till then, I always shall return to.. you! Her russet hair bound with red maple

leaves, Her brow half pensive, on her lips a

AUTUMN LEAVES sigh She scatters treasures, still with lavish

By Lydia Hall THE PARTING And hand,lingers sadly, loathe to see them fade

There is a haze on the far horizon; Translated from Kahlil Gibran and die.

The redwinged blackbird's melody I By Edward I. Malouf, a Syrian

hear; convert to the Church

The bright vermilion hills gleam in the sun; TO A MISSIONARY

dear. are charmsAll of Autumn's to me have reached the peak of the By Lillie Larson behold eyes dazzled best IBut of all my mountains

My cottonwood in its startinted dress, And my soul is floating in the midst rPo A soul that was starving,

A dress that seems to shine like burnished of liberty and freedom. * You brought bread.

gold life When dead. seen against the sky's blue loveliness. MyI amsightfar, faris obstructedaway, my behindfriends. mounToYouonebroughtwho seemed

tains clouds. of thirst, did one To who I fair of Spring laughter the love wellHow perfect are surrounded woods by The cool. brought water You are trees blossoms with MaytimeWhen silence. Into hot, the drifting sands. aglow the are in paths All roads sea of and clear pool. brought a You bring too; never they can but SummerAnd forgetfulness. sea, a After stormswept ever show. glory, or beauty suchThis valleys, the mountains, All and woods to the guide harbor bar. me You

Oh, may the Autumntime of life for me are behind, After the darkest night,

Be golden as the leaves upon that tree. Images, white as the clouds of You bring me the morning star.

Spring, My life is rich Yellow as the rays of the sun, and With riches greater than gold.

SUMMER FAREWELL redfall; as the twilight before nightForInto you,Christ'smy fold!brother, have brought me

By Sylvia Probst The music of the ocean waves is

Before you left you called to me once I do forgotten.not hear anything, except the

more, rhythm of silence. TWILIGHT

And hand in hand we walked the trails The beauty of running streams in the By Zena Chlarson we'd known, canyons is forgotten, npwiLiGHT was vain and set a crown of a throughDown rising the voices which were wood where Maykissed And -*- stars blown. had winds the midst of are society from

And out upon a hill where Autumn laughed. silenced. Upon her jetblack tresses streaming 'round,

that all his shining hoped with Moon not anything hear the And except I do lips that day; your bright eyes wereYour bars eternal of united peace hymn smile; claim for her hold Would and his own the with expectations the of soul.

to robins used the whereWe awandered her bound.

sing things to other But had do—Moon many

little lingering; daisy found aAnd his light crescent to night, the lamp He sent

us near water murmuredThe its clouds, sullen to flame, white drown tenderly. COMPOSER And

Quite suddenly it seemed that you were By Edith Cherrington So Twilightflew. fled from silver raindrops

gone. bright. glorify stars not the does SHE all alone, I, here short a life! AndHow the aching stars heart she threw With sing of birds; mating Or all I've loveliness the knownRemember away, jars of pantry shelves shining Her of a dream. somethingAs tore. lace of silver robes she misty Her than words. more rhyming Mean

And ever vowed to hate the shining bars

Shall you return with all your joys again? Her poems complement the bread Of light that bound her heart so sore.

Was that your whispered parting unto me? Of wintertime reserve But when the Moon is shining in the sky

So while I live still lives expectancy. Jelly lyrics, currant red, Twilight creeps 'round till Night goes driftSweet summer, farewell! Sonnets of preserve. ing by.

ibdttortal

few; and he knows that, according to the eternal

order, those who have must give, that truth must eneraI LsOflftonrerence be shared else it dies, that out of unselfish service comes unbounded joy. So he rejoices to have the

'"Phe One Hundred Seventh Semiannual Conference privilege of helping his fellowmen find and tread * of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints the path to daily happiness. Such spiritual forces

will Tabernacle, City, Utah, Salt in the convene Lake 2, with impel and uphold the missionary. continuing a.m., 1936, at 10 Friday, October on

sessions on Saturday, October 3, and Sunday, OcThere is no parallel in the whole history of tober 4. mankind to this missionary system. Untrained

will SaturPriesthood meeting be held General The righteousness; for others often spoken have men

3, at evening, 7 o'clock. day October

is convictions; their for but there sacrificed have arother reunions should be so Missionary and

ranged as not to conflict with these appointments. no record of a whole people who for more than

a century, without diminution of zeal, as a body and continuously, have given such service under every sun, who have kept before the eyes of men the eternal fire of truth upon the altar of sacrifice.

The cost in time and money has been tremendously great. The sacrifices of fathers, mothers, wives,

brothers, and sisters, to make the mission of a loved one possible, form a noble and beautifully tender chapter in the history of mankind.

First Presidency. Out of the sacrifices made by the Latterday

Saints to spread the perfect doctrine of truth 3ke 77?ormon TTiiisstonaru amongdreds ofmankindthousandshaveofcomehonestgreatseekersblessings.after Huntruth

have entered the Church of Christ, into a happier '"The "Mormon"missionary is unique among way of life. Every family which has sent a memthose who go out to battle for a cause. He ber into the mission field has been spiritually enis untrained, according to manmade standards, riched thereby. Every missionary has profited

for the work he is to do. He comes out from his personally by the experience. Boys and girls sent

daily labors on the farm, in the shop, in the uniinto the field to battle for the cause of the Lord versity, from any and every honorable pursuit, have come back as men and women ready to cope learned and unlearned, wealthy and poor, to teach with the day's problems.

in the mission field that which he believes to be The blessings that follow missionary service true, in the language and with the means that God is the theme of an illuminating article on the rehas given him. His weapon and defense is truth, turned missionary in this issue of the Era. The

humbly used, and truth is always invincible. reliable evidence there presented shows that those

It is even more remarkable in these days that who have engaged in missionary service benefit the missionary labors without material reward. greatly, temporally and spiritually, from the exHe receives no remuneration for his service, and perience. Indeed, the beneficent results of miswhile in the mission field, must provide at his own sionary service, there presented, set forth by the

expense for his support. When his missionary reported survey, are remarkable. This, however,

labors are over he returns to his daily tasks, his was only to be expected. Whoever serves the

honest toil, to earn his living as before, poorer Lord prospers.

perhaps in this world's goods, but with the inward It should be the ambition of the youth of satisfaction that comes to him who renders obediZion to share in the profitable enterprise known as

A. W. ence to the Lord. He was divinely called into the a mission.—/. mission field; he will be divinely rewarded! He

knows that giving is the way to receiving. The

missionary trusts the Lord. That gives him more vyhat of cJhese (changing

than mortal power.

The "Mormon"missionary believes sincerely, (Attitudes?

indeed, he knows, that his message is the priceless gift of undoubted truth, God made and revealed, 'T'he Gospel of Jesus Christ needs no defense, which has the power, if used, to enrich mankind and yet the men and women who have cherbeyond measure in daily happiness on earth and ished it, anciently and modernly, have frequently in the life hereafter. Such certain knowledge been forced by their minority position and by the

gives him courage and makes his labors joyful. marked differences which distinguish them from

He meets the issues of the day with a song in his the rest of the world, to assume a defensive attiheart. tude. It has been so during most of the century

Moreover, he understands that the Gospel messince the Latterday Restoration, despite an unsage is for all the children of men, not for a favored paralleled missionary offensive and a proselyting

activity, which, numbers considered, has no equal. move from one position to another. Although the

Every man who stands in the higher councils actual game was being played many miles away, the of the Church today can well remember, as can invisible operator recorded every action. When

the rank and file of the Church whose years of the run pleased one group, wild cheers burst forth;

remembrance go back beyond the last decade or groans issued from the mouths of other spectators.

two, when slander, falsehood, insult, abuse, and No matter how the events turned, some were injustice were the order of the day. pleased and others displeased.

But the old attitudes are changing. Our men Life is much like this scoreboard. Many are

stand in high places, honored, respected, sought gathered to play the game. Sometimes the outcome

after, counseled with. Church news, which once of certain actions causes unhappiness; at other

would have been distorted if printed at all, is now times great joy follows. Often it is difficult to bewelcomed as front page news by the world's leadcome reconciled to the game itself. It is never

ing periodicals. Government councils seek our possible to please all people with the results of

experience; interchurch councils seek our goodany one move.

will and cooperation; business councils seek our

methods and advice. Where our missionaries were Latterday Saints believe firmly that behind the

once hunted and hated they are now singled out scoreboard of life stands an invisible Master Operfor favor and distinction. ator. He records people's movements, sorrowing

This issue of The Improvement Era alone for their failures, rejoicing in their successes. Yet is more than a recorder because He has givencarries reminder of President Grant's invitational He

great better playing for the rules of the the game Relations the Institute beforeaddress of Human to rules of life. key has revealed men These He slights to for past of the "apology"Chairman'sand

the Church; of B. H. Roberts'openarmed recepfrom ancient to present times. These men have

leaders the Church of His become He has whomtion in the Hall of Religions, Chicago, 1933, where Priesthood. entrusted of the the sacred powers witha generation before he was specifically excluded;

of four Mormon missionaries who were recently In a world sick with doubt, despondent over uninvited to serve as Olympic judges; of a Pioneer employment, harrowed by war, people sometimes

memorial dedication near Omaha, participated in feel that the Master Operator has deserted them.

by the mayor of the city and the governor of the When such conditions prevail, weak people turn to state, where once our people were driven as trivial activities and dissipate their energies and outcasts and left to die; of syndicates featuring our powers. Strong people turn their energies to good

activities in newspapers where once was published account and look outside their own abilities for aid.

falsehood or nothing; of states who consider our Thinkers, when asked where the greatest depeople ideal citizens where once their presence velopment in future years is to come, have unhesiwas resented tatingly answered, "From the spiritual awakening

What of these changing attitudes? What is their of man."At the same time that they praise his

purpose? What has brought them about? How fargreat industrial and commercial achievements,

reaching will they be? How long will they last? they feel that his spiritual accomplishments have

These are questions that the wise will hesitate lagged far behind his other activities. Although

to answer. It is doubtful if a very much greater science and industry have concerned themselves

percentage of the world's population loves the with the temporal advancement of man, they have

Gospel of Jesus Christ today than did a decade or not stimulated the ideals and the consciences of a century or twenty centuries ago. men to develop with a like rapidity. Consequently

What, in the plans and providences of the Lord, there are such unhappy situations in the world as will be the extent and outcome of these changing crime, poverty, and war.

attitudes no man knows, but what should perhaps Sometimes Latterday Saints have asked whether concern us is: Can we stand this form of "prosit is worthwhile to follow all of the laws which have

perity?"Many a nation that has presented a been revealed for them. Every game has its rules

united front in time of war has been divided in and each player must abide by them. One of the

time of peace. Let it not be so with the Church. main reasons why man has been placed on earth

Our people have proved their devotion and is that he may learn obedience. These commandtheir willingness to make any sacrifice, even of ments for the real game have been given to show

life itself, in times of attack from without. Perhaps the way to perfect the body and train the spirit of

we have reached another period in our history man.

when, as a Church, we shall be "tried"by peace The question arises concerning specific rules: the

and the "prosperity"of changing attitudes. It Word of Wisdom, the observance of the Sabbath,

may well be the daily prayer of every Latterday the paying of tithing. These laws test the obediSaint that he may prove as steadfast and as dilience of man. Moreover they add to his material

gent for the cause of truth in times of apparent enjoyment of the game. The Word of Wisdom

calm as were our fathers when the "enemy"was develops man's control over bodily appetites. The

"at their gates."R. L. E. observance of the Sabbath mellows and ripens

man's mind and soul in the garden of truth. The

paying of tithing tests his faith and lessens poverty.

If people will only play the game right, observScoreboards ing the rules, following their leader, the Invisible "Decently I passed a baseball scoreboard where Operator will register the plays amid the cheering many people eagerly watched the magnetic ball of the loyal supporters of truth. M. C. /.

.

The for PEACE OUTLOOK A MONTHLY COMMENTARY ON WORLD AFFAIRS

By DR. ARTHUR L. BEELEY, University o/ Utah

Cince that fateful summer of 1914, the the rebel commanderin-chief. They civil war, Spain is foredoomed to a

**-* prospect for world peace has never are bitterly opposed to many of the dictatorship. If the rebels win, they

been so dismal as it is today. Both in government's social and economic rewill undoubtedly emulate Italy and look

Europe and the Orient, sporadic wars forms, especially the breaking up of to Mussolini. If, however, the governand planned rebellions are either a the landed estates. The antigovern- ment forces succeed, they will entrench

fait accompli or else a menacing probment faction also contains many peothemselves by dealing ruthlessly with ability. ple who became embittered by the the defeated fascists. The real danger

Fortunately, however, the governruthless destruction of churches by then will be the possible swing to comments of Europe are now in a much zealous communists. munism. In any event, European deless belligerent mood than they were mocracy is in jeopardy.

twentytwo years ago. With alliances so uncertain, no nation, of itself, is Professor Harold J. Laski of the *****

either ready or anxious to launch out * University of London, writing in HPhe most mischievous phrase in the "entire Treaty of Versailles is theon a major campaign. The Manchester Guardian, is one of

While the European powers may be many who believe that the Spanish "war guilt"clause (article 231) which counted upon to do all in their power rebellion is a fascist conspiracy to blames Germany and her allies "for to avert an international war, at presoverthrow a democracy. "All, the evicausing all the loss and damage to

ent, they are, nevertheless, exposed to dence points to the fact that it has been which the Allied and Associated govthe new and uncertain risk of a civil fomented, encouraged, and, at least in ernments and their nationals have been rebellion or a class war. This, unsubjected as a consequence of the war

questionably, is the most serious and imposed upon them by the aggression disturbing aspect of the world situarS'aJ* of Germany and her allies."Right or

tion today. wrong, such diplomacy is not calculated to promote peace, but rather to

engender hatred.

'T'he rebellion in Spain is not only Another example of this sort of thing

A the bloodiest but the most dangeroccurs in connection with the memorial ous of all the conflagrations on the to Belgian civilians killed in the World present political horizon. Moreover, War, recently unveiled at Dinant. The

it is the most cataclysmic event in a memorial bears the famous inscription, century of Spain's history. And while proposed originally for the rebuilt Louat the moment of writing, the rebel vain library at Brussels: Furore Teuforces have not yet seized the capital, tonico Diruta; Dono Americano ResMadrid, they are said to hold, already, tituta (destroyed by German fury; re28 of the 50 provinces in Spain. stored by American generosity )

The Spanish civil war of 1936 is an It is authentically reported that Mr.

armed conflict between the rebels and Whitney Warren, the New York the government. The government, architect who was employed to rebuild

loosely referred to as Leftists, Reds the famous University library, fought and Loyalists, is a constitutional govan elevenyear battle in the Belgian ernment with a parliamentary majority, courts, in an effort to override a deformed last February by Manuel FITZPATRICK IN ST. LOUIS'POST DISPATCH cision which banned his famous "mesAzana, president of the republic. While "PROGRESS FROM THE MIDDLE AGES"sage of vengeance."

"The Popular Front,"as it is called, What a pity that we sometimes alis a coalition of seven or eight parties, part, prepared with the aid of fascist low our emotions to eclipse our judgranging from the moderate "center"to governments outside of Spain."ment in an effort to promote peace and

the extreme "left,"there was no repIn a recent dispatch from Berlin to good will!resentative from the syndicalist or the New York Times a rebel refugee *****

communist groups of parliament withhas confessed that for over three years HPhe Olympic games are achieving, in the cabinet prior to September the Spanish fascist party has been * in a measure, the ideal outlined by infourth. cabinet of a now, Even secretly plotting reto the overthrow in essay, William his famous James

thirteen, there are only communists two publican force. government by From InEquivalent "The Moral of War."

It office.holding is quite inaccurate, it is source also another reported that international athletic competitions are

therefore, to refer to the government a large dossier of German documents telligent and highly moral substitutes as "red,"even though many of its was seized recently by the Spanish pofor international conflicts and war.

proposed reforms are liberal and farlice. The papers are said to show The eleventh Olympics, recently

reaching. It will be remembered that that "the secret conspiratorial and held in Berlin, will have an incalculable

Spain was proclaimed a democratic smuggling activities of the Nazis in influence in promoting friendliness republic in April, 1931, and that under Spain were therefore races supported by the German and peace—between constitution,the adopted in December, office."foreign outstanding lesson and nations. The

1931, freedom of conscience is guarThere is every reason to believe that to be learned from all such sports anteed to all, official religion is abolItaly's sympathies are with the rebels, events is that performance is the sole ished, and universal suffrage is granted notwithstanding her protestations of and deciding factor. Could there be a

to all males and females over twentyneutrality. Italian army planes, for insounder, more pragmatic rule of life?

three years of age. stance, have been assisting rebels, desIt must have been a bit embarrassing

The rebels, on the other hand, reprepite the fact that neither Italy nor to the racial purists when the greatest sent a coalition of some nine or ten Germany has recognized the rebel leadsingle Olympic event, the Marathon, parties, including Clericals, Royalists ers as the lawful government of Spain. was won by a Koreanborn student of

and Fascists, led by regular army offiIt would seem safe to predict that Tokyo, who ran the fastest race in cers under General Francisco Franco, whatever the outcome of the present {Concluded on page 637)

The story of our Hymns By GEORGE D. PYPER

General Superintendent of the Deseret

Sunday School Union and First Assistant Chairman of the Church Music

Committee

IX. CAn Gtrigel from

on crltgh

WORDS BY

PARLEY P. PRATT JOHN TULLIDGE

PARLEY P. PRATT

MUSIC spirits choice BY these reserved were the auPratt, ParkerParley to forth in of come Restorathe day presented thor of the hymn TULUDGE JOHN tion. fit not in any They would

this month, was one of the other age.

most fruitful hymn writers and Parley P. Pratt began the writing

dynamic personages of the early of hymns and poems early in life.

history of the Church of Jesus Christ The first we have record of were of Latterday Saints. He was born Smith, Oliver Cowdery, believed included in the Latterday Saint

April 12, 1807, at Burlington, Otand was baptized by Cowdery in hymn book, published in 1835, asthe sonsego County, Lake, orof Seneca York, and New York, New Smith, sembled pursuant by Emma forPratt. His after, Elder.Jared and Charity Parley dained an Soon to a revelation her given through

him, beforebears, generations seven In baptized his brother Orson. to prophethusband. The preface

of settlers the firstwere the among 1831 he Prophet met Joseph this collection is interesting, and arConnecticut, havingHartford, a Smith he ordained by was whom as follows: reads

rived there in 1 639. High Priest. From then on until his

Like his parents, Parley was of tragic death by assassination, May In order to sing by the spirit and with the a serious frame of mind and was an 13, 1857, he was one of the most understandingChurch of the itLatterdayis necessarySaintsthatshouldthe intelligent searcher after truth. Of active leaders of the Church. Space have a selection of "sacred hymns"adapted

a religious nature, he early joined will not permit of even a resume of to their faith and belief in the Gospel, and the Baptist Church. At nineteen he the life's work of this great Apostle. as far as can be holding forth the promise

faith to in the the died Fathers who full be made romanticleft his and settled The and story may home New York of resurrection a glorious a thousand and in Biographical foundthirty Jenson's of Cleveland, miles EnWest years reign earth of with the son on man

Ohio. In 1827 he returned to cyclopedia, and in The Autobiogin his glory.

Canaan, New York, where he marraphy of Parley P. Pratt which is Notwithstanding the Church, as it were,

ried Thankful Halsey and the couple now being reprinted. isthestillrighteousin its infancy,is a prayeryet untoas theGod,songit ofis

moved to Parley's home near CleveThe decade in which Parley P. sincerely hoped that the following collecland; eighteen months later, atPratt was born was a remarkable tion, selected with an eye single to His

tracted by the preaching of Sidney one in Church biographical history. glory may answer every purpose till more

Rigdon who came into his neighborIt ushered into this world some area copiouscomposed,varietyor oftillthewesongsare blessedof Zion. withhood, he joined the "Disciples"and notable leaders of the Restoration.

decided to devote his life's work to Here are a few: 1800, Hyrum "An Angel From On High"was

the ministry. Smith; 1801, Brigham Young, Heber not written when Emma Smith's

However, the Lord had a work C. Kimball; 1804, Willard Richards, collection was published, and the

for Parley P. Pratt to do, and while Lorenzo Snow; 1805, Joseph Smith, circumstances connected with its

en route to visit his relatives in New David Whitmer, Orson Hyde; 1806, birth are unknown. However, in

York, Parley stopped at Newark Oliver Cowdery; 1807, Parley P. the preface to his poems, copyright

and there first heard of the Book of Pratt, Wilford Woodruff; 1808, in New York in 1839, Parley P.

Mormon. It thrilled him and he John Taylor; 1809, Charles C. Rich; Pratt gives us a graphical recital of

went to Palmyra to investigate. In 1811, Orson Pratt. conditions under which most of his

quick succession he met Hyrum One cannot help feeling that hymns were written.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

Preface As "An Angel from on High"

When these poems were written the was neither included in Emma author had no intention of compiling them Smith's collection nor Parley P.

in one volume. They sprang into existence Pratt's book of poems copyright in

called after occasion as another one them 1839, but was included in the first forth, places in and under at times and circumstances widely varying. Some came edition of the Latterday Saint

forth upon the bank of the farfamed Niaghymns published in 1840, it must ara, and some were the plaintive strains have been written in that year. So

the in lonely dunpoured from a full heart the author Missouri where geons of was alleges Samuel Russell in a collection confined upwards of eight months during of Pratt's hymns called "Millenthe late persecution. Some were poured nial Hymns"published in 1913. In

forth the of Mountains the top from White the Latterday Saint new Hymns uttered in others Hampshire, were and New this prolific thirtyhas song writer plains the flowery while over wandering and wide extended prairies of the West, eight numbers to his credit, eight and some in the forest; some were the more than Wm. W. Phelps, his

melting strains of joy and admiration in nearest competitor.

of contemplating the approaching dawn that "An Angel From On High"has the earth glorious day which shall crown and its inhabitants with universal peace been sung to many tunes but the and rest; and others were produced on the one composed by John Tullidge,

occasion of taking leave of my familv, published in Latterday Saint friends, the great or congregation, on a Hymns, No. 420, is the setting now to distant othermission parts, and and some

were wrung from a bosom overflowing with generally accepted.

grief at the loss of those who were nearest The hymn tells in five graphic, and dearest to my heart. effective stanzas the story of the

coming forth of the Book of MorAn interesting story is told in FROM A PAINTING BY L. A. RAMSEY brokenmon; thatby thethe longannouncementsilence has beenfrom

The Life of John Taylor of a an angel to the Boy Prophet that conversation between Brother TayAn Angel from on High the sacred record, for ages concealed lor and Brother Pratt. It seems By PARLEY P. PRATT in the Hill Cumorah, is at last to

that when Brother Taylor arrived in speak out of the dust, to usher in his to England York on high, way angel onNew from earth; reign Christ's that the on AN silence long, long cent The there with onlyhe landed one broke; bursting seals of the send would the sky, Descending fromin cirto his his as pocket. Asked light into glory the world and and he spoke words gracious These

that repliedcumstances he he had hill lonely in Lo, Cumorah's reveal fulness the the Gospel. of

plenty. Brother Pratt, hearing this A sacred record lies concealed. The last stanza is a mighty prophecy

in need ofand being much means to literally being hand, now Sealed by Moroni's fulfilled—that his writings,publish approached Israel be gathered ages lain, home"It has for "shall now

Brother Taylor, and said: "Brother To wait the Lord's command, and build Jerusalem with their

again. I to dust speak of plentyTaylor, From have hear you wealth "while Zion and means* forth, It light to shall again come that's Pratt, Brother "Yes,money."shall arise shine the and and fill earth. reign in Christ's on usher To Taylor. Brothertrue,"responded divine."truth earth with

to "I said Parley, about seed,"Well,"am Joseph's speaks of beAngel High"From "An On remnant the known makes AndIt ofpublish and "Voice Warning"my distinctively to longs Mormon dead, since long nations Of I very"Millennial Poems;"much am It is a of alone. the hymnology. song dwelt once had Who

if willin of money, and need you too, Gospel, the fulness of The revelation divine a of Restoration—a to Its view. will reveal or threefurnish pages two hundred me truth P. of Pratt Parley was which

dollars, I will be much obliged."The time is now fulfilled, an inspired torchbearer.

"You are welcome to all I have,"The long expected day;

said Brother Taylor, and pulling his Let earth obedience yield, flee away; darkness Life of Professor And John Elliott of his out pocket handed Parhand

unfurled wide the seals, be Remove Tullidgeley his cent. copper to world. the Its glory light and

"But I thought you gave it out \X7eymouth, a noted seaport on the joy, Israel with filled is said of England, south coastthat you gathered home, had plenty of money,"said Lo,Shall be now in the for beauty Pratt. worldBrother employ to be second wealth Their means and

its scarcely Jerusalem. being of Naples To build I replied so have,""Yes, and—that

shall arise and shine, Zion While superior. Beautiful indeed is Wey- "I well clothed;Brother Taylor. am divine. with truth earth the fill And are its waters mouth when Bay to eat plenty with furnishyou me

and drink and good lodging. With stirred by the approaching storms of

all these things and a penny over, the rough coast, or lay sleeping in as I owe nothing, is not that plenty?"ferring to this in his autobiography placid beauty under the misty light

History does not tell us how Parhe says: of the summer moon. It was here

I in this beauty the of ever changing Star. editing in town engaged Whileley P. got the Pratt he money, but

selecting, in brethren assisted. also my discouraged and not to be *was a man song In the time this from book. a year Within compiling.. and publishing a hymn

the books were published. this work were contained near fifty of my was written Orson Hyde, on the Mount of

The first issue of the Millennial originalpressly forhymnsthe andbooksongs,and mostcomposedof themexofOlives,Palestinededicatedfor theandreturnconsecratedof Judah'sthe scatland

Star was published in March, 1840, written during the press of duties which tered people. Today more than three hunwith Parley P. Pratt as editor. Rethen crowded upon me. dred thousand Jews occupy the land.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

that John Elliott Tullidge, the comknown by the same name, and has ships of the plains and pioneer life poser of the tune "An Angel From never ceased to be active. to be with her children.

On High"was born, in the year During the years he lived in Professor Tullidge gave his first 1 806, the son of Edward and Mary Wales he gave concerts, taught concert in Salt Lake City in SepElliot Tullidge. His father, bevoice culture and composition. Protember, 1864. There was little in

ing a wealthy man, gave his son fessor Evan Stephen's musical Salt Lake for a man of his ability every advantage. At the age of teacher was a student of Professor but he accomplished as much as

three years, showing signs of a very Tullidge. possible, giving concerts, teaching

remarkable voice and a love for In 1836 he was invited to spend and composing. He was the first

music, he was placed under the care the Christmas holidays at Lord musical critic in Utah. Recently

of a tutor. At the age of ten years Reynolds'castle. It was there he published in one of the local newshe led the choir at a concert in sang for Princess Victoria, who be-, papers this article appeared:

London. He received his education came Queen of England the follow- "The earliest evidence of music criticism

at Eton and at the same time studied ing year. in Utah is very probably Professor John

Tullidge's reaction concert witnessed to a to studied returnedvoice culture. In 1850 he Later he Weyhis arrival in Salt upon Valley, SaturLake

later year the mouth, about acomposition and it under was and technique day, 31, criticism 1863. October exThis

celebrated musician and composer his son Edward (the Utah hispressed is the oldest of evidence used by

Hamilton. torian) was converted to the MorBasal Hansen, N. A., of the Brigham Young

At the age of twenty he married mon Church by William Bowring, Universitytory of musicin criticisma thesis dealingin Utah."with the hisElizabeth Daw, granddaughter of a distant relative of Sir Henry

Squire Horsey, a wealthy land owner Bowring, his mother's cousin. EdProfessor Tullidge arranged the

of Brighton. Five children were ward was a traveling Elder for musical scores for the Salt Lake

born to them, three sons and two seven years, only coming home long Theatre orchestra and was composdaughters, the youngest son dying enough to get clothes and some much ing music for the orchestra at the when a child. needed food. It was during these time of his death which occurred in

In his youth Professor Tullidge brief visits that he converted his January, 1874, resulting from a fall won the position as principal tenor sisters and brother. which killed him instantly. The

of the Philharmonic concerts and he In 1855 Professor Tullidge and greater part of his compositions became one of the four conductors his family moved to Liverpool where were left in England. He composed

of the York Harmonic Society. Mrs. Edward became editor of the Milmusic for the anthem, "How BeauSunderland, known as the "Yorklennial Star. In 1860 his daughtiful upon the Mountains,"often

shire Queen of Song"and later as ters, Elizabeth and Jane, sailed for sung by our choirs, and five of his the greatest oratorio singer in EngAmerica and in 1861 Edward folmusic settings to hymns by early in Latterland, was at that time the leading lowed them. Mormon writers are found

soprano of the society. With her It was in the spring of 1865 that Day Saint Hymns: "An Angel

Mr. Tullidge was frequently sent Professor Tullidge and his wife deFrom on High"(Parley P. Pratt),

out by the society to fill engagecided to make that long trek to Utah. No. 420; "Adieu To The City"

ments as the principal singers at the His son John and his wife and baby (Pratt), No. 183; "Come All Ye

oratorio concerts of the northern emigrated with them. The child Sons of Zion"(William W.

countries of England. It was one died and was buried on the plains. Phelps), No. 214; "Think Not

of these professional tours that led They arrived in the valley in SepWhen You Gather to Zion"him into Wales, where he became tember, 1863. Professor Tullidge (Eliza R. Snow) No. 78; "Ye Ranuntil alsomed join did not of Our God"(Phelps), No. the Churchthe conductor of St. Mary's Cathe123. after his arrival in the most a year

dral choir of Newport, South city. His wife never did join the Professor Tullidge's daughter

Wales. He was founder of the Church. She and her family had Jane became the wife of Bishop

Newport Harmonic Society in always been Episcopalians and the Alexander C. Pyper, and their chil1843. This same organization, years Gospel coming to her later in her dren and children's children, faithful

later, took the laurels from the life, as it did, she was unable to Church members, have reflected the choral societies of all England and make the change. However, she musical genius of their talented anto this day this choral society is came to Utah, braving all the hardcestor.

HOW FARES THE CHURCH IN GERMANY

(Continued from page 609)

dom, and of Mormon doctrines. It German Olympic Committee. This ed: "Are the German people inis hoped by this exhibit to impress honor came no doubt as a worthy terested in religion?"The answer

those who come from distant parts acknowledgment of the splendid asis "Yes!"

of the earth with the ideals that lift sistance Mormon missionaries have In letters that come from seventyand inspire all who observe them to given to various organizations five traveling Elders to mission headthe upper levels of living. throughout Germany preparatory to quarters every month, stories of keen

During the Olympic Games in the Olympic Games. The missioninterest are related. During the fall

Berlin four missionaries of the aries were given white official conferences of 1935 many of the

Church of Jesus Christ of LatterOlympic uniforms and were cortwo hundred fifty local branch misday Saints served as judges at the dially and generously received into sionaries—these are faithful Saints

International Olympic Basketball the group of Olympic officials. who try to spend a few hours a week

Tournament at the invitation of the This question is often being ask- ( Concluded on page 622

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

THE SCRIPTURES IN CROSSWORD PUZZLE How Fares The

Church In Germany ( Concluded from page 62 1 neighbors—reportedcarrying the "Good News"that theyto theirhad

experienced better response to their endeavors than for a long time past.

Here is a typical expression from one of them:

The people are reading the Scriptures more and more. Outwardly they seem not

to care about religious matters, but inwardly they are giving themselves much thought about it.

That they are being encouraged to read the scriptures is evidenced by a number of Catholic book stores in Berlin now displaying the Bible in their windows and urging its sale.

They are also urging a Bible for every home. Formerly the Catholic

church would not permit the reading of this sacred book by the laity.

This new effort however is quite necessary, for the German people as a whole do not know their Bible as they did formerly. That is not

W. A. W. Co No. I because they have lost interest in

ACROSS it. The fault is not in religion itself,

1 The... of these puzzles is to make you 31 Pronoun but in wornout forms, rituals, and

12, 13, and 16 across 32 "and if there be any praise,... on these creeds. The German people are not

Phil. things"used this for making Egyptians 8 The 4:8 incidentally, but consciously, seekmeasure 34 Japanese bricks Ex. 5:7

12 "when ye shall... for me with all your 35 Home of Abraham Gen. 11:31 ing something that will offer them

heart"Jer. 29:13 36 New England state certainties, not hopelessness; life,

13 Article 37 Early church leader Acts 15:22 not damnation. This restless seek39 24:1114 2 Sam. David's... was Gad Pronoun ing for the accounts recent new Possess 40 to 9:17 ready15."Neh. "a God

religious in their world. movements 43 Truly testify Christ.. of16 They

19 God in Hebrew names 45 "into... darkness"Matt. 8:12 Nothing short of an everyday workTall Indian 46 East palm able faith will satisfy waters now. them20 Great

far exceeding 48 "a more Because22 tradition old faiths error of and and... weight The of glory"2 Cor. 4:17

24 Preposition 50 "more than meat"Luke 12:23 have gone to the scrapheap. Until

25 Pronoun 51 Gen. 27:38 is one one shall come that will sound the

17:4 of 2 Kings26 King Egypt stones 3:9 52 Ezek. Hard soul depths of the the same and at from Easter27 is 12, comes 13, this name of Christ Command A aspirations, inspire noblest 16, 22, time the 24, 25, 31, 32, 39, Fifth 40, 50 combined. 30:6 48 and Gen.29 son of Jacob

there will be no religious rest in this

DOWN newly awakened nation. Once they

find it and can know they have found

Pass a rope to through maintain "learn 2 good works for neces23.".. of 24 Professor sary Tit. 3:14 some ism it, it will be adopted with full heart

3 Resound 25 More rigid and purpose.

"... to shew 4 Young salmon 26 myself approved unto Not with projectile and bomb, 2 2:15 Tim. God"5 Conjunction

6 Marine fish 28 New England state with trench and fort, is the greatest 7 Expression of inquiry 30 Cuddles up "Watch on the Rhine"being kept;

33 It books Old Testament led 8 Two the Wise Men hearts in cheerful but kindly acts and

. 38 Language in use in Christ's.. the shalt time Luke 9 mountains, and beat "thou of fellow toward a message men; by 23:38 Isa. small"41:15 them

10 Mackerel food (two words) 39 Westralian name for a tree eternal hope, a way of life that meets 11 "... of the morning"Ps. 139:9 40 Alaskan Indian the needs of the now and the "to be."

threshing 41 50:10 floor Gen. A 2 king kept Assyrian15 is being Kings for the This 15:19 "Watch"

Part the of 42 constellation Argo 1 Benjamite Chron. 7:1217 great people A a humble, by German Fish 44

... shall "the be holy18 unto the Lord"It friends. their earnest as people and 45 Same 5 down

27:32 Lev. Astern 47 against evil deis the defense and

21 of David 1 Chron. 2:17 Nephew 49 Babylonian deity struction. Preserved a kind by22 Chinese of Buddha 50 name Note

Providence, it is the one that will (Solution to appear in November Era) endure.

From the diary OF A BISHOP'S WIFE By ADELE CANNON HOWELLS

seventytwo) and helped her dress Criticism of people in general, and for dinner in the absence of her perof dearest friends (if one who talks sonal maid. Often when going out about another can be called a friend

for dinner with her husband (aged is a malicious act. Nothing can be

fortyfour ) the madame would faint more cowardly than saying one while dressing, but on coming to thing to a person's face and anothwould continue dressing with great er thing behind his back. Criticism

determination, and insist on going of public officials, who in the main to the party. After working at such strive to do their duty is ungrateful

places, I am afraid H will find and despicable. The average person

us terribly ordinary—every member has no idea of the burden carried

of the family getting up for breakby these officers, the insults given fast and having regular work to do! them and the demands made of

Truly onehalf the world doesn't them. No wonder they have to go

Tuesday, June 22nd. Another know how the other half lives! incognito to some quiet place for

busy week. Attended the Thursday, June 24th. A nice note rest.

Stake Relief Society exhibit of appreciation this morning from Saturday, June 26th. Busy packof hand work—afghans, quilts, comSister W. Kindly words while we ing for the ranch. Will enjoy visforters, rugs, towels, bed spreads, are living seem worth more to me iting the folks at home and spendtable covers, napkins, doilies. What than big bouquets when we are ing some time in my native state.

a wonderful outlet is work for the dead. A great woman, Sister Utah and California, sister states

hand! When weighed down with W- with a splendid husband, and a great combination. Each supall the mental complexities of modbringing up a fine family, industriplements the other and the people

ern life—it is a joy to scrub, sweep, ous, patient, quiet, willing, and deof each can be of great benefit to

iron, knead bread, stir up cake, crovoted to the Church—the sort of the other. Utah fruits, vegetables,

chet, knit, sew-—and how wise is the people whose example we should turkeys, and lambs are at a premiRelief Society to help women develall follow. um in California. California foodop these arts. Attended the closing Friday, June 25th. "Speak no evil, stuffs of course are valuable, comPrimary party, a delightful affair hear no evil, see no evil!"This ing at a time when Utah is covered

so well arranged by the tireless ofproverb proves that the Chinese with snow. Utahns should visit

ficers. Such a pleasure to see the chilwere wiser than we moderns notCalifornia, Californians should visit

dren gathered together for worthwithstanding all our accomplishUtah and make stronger and strongwhile entertainment. All these fine ments, discoveries, and inventions. er the bond between them!

ideas worked out by the General To guard our tongues—those innoMonday, June 28th. The usual

Boards should be appreciated to the centlooking parts of our body that Sunday yesterday. My husband off

fullest by all of us. can be so frightfully harmful. A to nine o'clock bishop's meeting and

Wednesday, June 23rd. Employmember of the ward called to see we all to Sunday School. In the

ed a new maid this morning, a very my husband but as he had already evening to Sacrament Service at nice Swedish girl with the beautiful gone to his office, the lady told me seven o'clock. A peaceful, quiet

complexion typical of that nationalabout the dreadful damage that had time sitting in the chapel as the ity, gained she tells me by washing been done her brother, also a memfading light of day intensifies the her face night and morning with a ber of the ward. This young man's beauty of the stained glass window

good soap and water. In the place life is wrecked because somebody with its lovely figure, "The Light of

she just comes from her duties constarted an evil story about him, the World."This service always

sisted of helping the cook, taking magnifying his little faults and makseems to me to fortify us for the breakfast trays up to the lady and ing a mountain out of a molehill. week.

three children for breakfast in bed, After talking to her and trying to An early telephone call brought caring for the linen and silver and help her, I am writing myself a serconfidential news of the sad—but

waiting on table. At another home mon on the deadly sin of speaking no, I must not even write it in my

in which she had worked she helped evil. It is often as injurious as murdiary. When it comes to other peothe cook, arranged and kept in order, killing the spirit instead of the ple's private affairs, I must be what

der twenty bowls and vases of roses body. When indulged in, the habit every Bishop's wife should be—as

(no other flowers would do). She increases until no one is safe before discreet as a foreign diplomat and

also waited on the madame (aged one who wields a wicked tongue. as silent as the Sphinx.

J)nMe

M. I. A. READING

COURSE BOOKS SEASON 193637

The Great Biographers (Albert Britt, McGrawHill Company, Inc., New York, 1936)

TJope said long ago, "The proper study of mankind is man."Mr. Britt begins

his critical and historical survey of the great biographers with a keen analysis of biography itself: its inception, its

definitions by such notables as Carlyle and Maurois, and the fundamental principles which make for accurate biography. From this discussion which

Inside Europe the Chicago Daily News has given him clears the way to his aims in writing the ( John Gunther, Harper and the opportunity to travel extensively book, Mr. Britt progresses to a discusBrothers, New York, 1936) throughout Europe and study at first sion of the various biographers who

hand the conditions existing there. In have figured in the writing of the stories

"\TUriTH conditions in Europe reaching addition he has disciplined himself in of man from the dawn of history to the ** headline proportions, the book writing only the details essential to present. The chronological presentaInside Europe becomes tremendously making a lucid, truthful, and entrancing tion of the biographers with clearcut

important reading for all of us. Through report. critical comments on each makes the

it insight an into European we gain of style a sample his concrete Assituations are introduced and bookume.—M.a decidedlyC. /. helpful reference volmight excerpt quote a brief from to the we for responsible them.people Through

his Spain: on comment monarchy "A feel introductions Gunther'sMr. we Stories All the Mowgli fell, five centuries old shot not a andthat acquaintance a have bowing we Kipling, ( Rudyard Doubleday Doran fired. of disapSpain dynasty was The personalities onlynot with European and Company, Garden City, 1936) into like the of dust history, peared an front also are with page news butwho

those behind the scenes whose quiet, olive dropping off a tree."M. C. ]. A ll the Mowgli Stories, illustrated

persistent work and growing pop- "** by Kurt Wiese! That indeed is a

ularity are making them influential in Light of the Years rare combination, enticing to old and the shaping of the destinies of their (Grace Noll Crowell, young. In this volume is the complete

countries. Harper Brothers, New York, 1936) story of Mowgli, the manchild adopted

Mr. Gunther also clarifies some of by wolves, befriended by Baloo, the

the happenings of the past few years. A significant little volume of poems brown bear, Bagheera, the black panThe Stavisky case which rocked ** is this collection in which Mrs. ther, reared in the Seeonee wolfpack,

France and teased us with its imporCrowell emphasizes "the strength and but who finally returned to live with tance but its secret ramifications is expoise and power"that come from man. The Mowgli stories are a classic

plained for us. The German "purge "finding God!"Nearly all of these which all children should read. This

by blood"of June 30, 1934, is analyzed poems deal with the symbol of light volume, beautifully produced, is the before our eyes. Each of the Euroas relating to the Divine Power. Mrs. most satisfactory to use because it inpean countries receives its share of Crowell's poems have a restful and at cludes all of the mancub's stories withadroit, penetrating analysis. Beginning the same time a stimulating quality in a single cover.

with Hitler's Germany, Mr. Gunther which will make them welcome reading Mowgli's experiences with the banranges through all the countries, ending to many classes of people. Many poets darlog (the monkey people), with

with Russia. Seven chapters deal with have been called "poets'poets"; Mrs. Kaa, the snake, with Shere Khan, the

Germany; four with France; three with Crowell should be called "people's great tiger, are neverto-beforgotten

Mussolini's Italy; four with England; poet."Her sincerity of expression and thrills for those children who are introfour with Austria; three with the Balher joy in the commonplace, fundamenduced to them early in life. The symkans; and three with Russia. tal elements in life strike a sympathetic pathetic approach to animal life which

Mr. Gunther's eleven years'experichord of response in the hearts of her Kipling gives can not be duplicated by

ence as European correspondent for readers. -M. C. /. very many writers. M. C. /.

11 i "* i flfc—Jfr- Q JftM*1*

CONDUCTED BY MARBA C. JOSEPHSON

(\ctober is the month of spooks and goblins, of pumpkins and witches'cauldrons. Mothers should

take advantage of this eerie season to plan a family good time. If you

have any teen age or older socialites, you had better forestall difficulty by giving a formal invitation so that they will reserve at least the

Hallowe'en dinner date. If you are

P)ame Fashion dips her gifted somewhat ambitious and fairly carrot into seven or eight strips and fingers into the nook and corner clever, you might write a catchy cooking them until tender and the of everywhere to bring forth the little verse to notify them of your water is absorbed by the carrots.

positively new... from the old. intentions. Then add salt, butter, and lemon

This season she shouts "Halloo"If you have younger children, you juice to taste. They're really dewill find that the schools have themto the "Hello"that sportsman they and Halhave licious—and at least make one Hallowe'en someto sets the lowe'eny color! about.. and. workingman, lamb chops Breaded

to blue print the comfort and colordecoration which would be effectively also will prove good and they look ing of their clothing for milady's used for enhancing the house. You a golden brown when done nicely.

sportswear wardrobe... presentmay like the windows decorated Individual pumpkin pies are good to

ing for your approval a very healthwith black cats, witches on broomtop off with.

ful, cheerful and dependable fashsticks, and pumpkin heads. These

ion setup: make lovely silhouettes for those you find it hard to get the family

children who come to your porches IF to drink as much milk or eat as

Tweeds, Flannels and Jerseys to shine their jack - o - lanterns many eggs as they need to keep

Wood Browns, Greens and Reds through your windows. them healthy you might try the folFencer Jerkins Now, the dinner may be as prelowing recipe for either a luncheon

Lumberjack Jackets tentious or as simple as you wish. dish or a filler when the family

is allcolor scheme Of course, the rushing school come home from Engineer Jumpers important. centerpiece, the For eat?"a with a do we cry of "When Peasant Coats, Sweaters and scoopedout pumpkin rigged up

Leather Coats with a light will make the eyes shine Chocolate Custard

Large Capacious Pockets with a piercing glance and the

Zippers mouth open in a leering grin may 1 quart milk sugar ]/2 c. as the to advantage later be used Visor and Beret Hats

c - ground children their pilgrimage make Yl

Thong Laced Handbags through the neighborhood. If one chocolate

Workingman Zipper Handbags of the children is included, he could 6 eggs

Cowboy Gauntlet Gloves make pumpkin place cards. IndiPinch salt

Motorman Gloves vidual centerpieces may be orange 1 t. vanilla

Oxfords baskets filled with gelatin squares or candy and nuts. Scald milk in double boiler; add

Outof-door fashions they are! To carry out the color scheme, sugar, chocolate, and salt which

to make you want to whistle like muskmelon cocktail circles covered have been mixed together. Pour

a wood chopper and sing the song with ginger ale and decorated with this over beaten eggs, which have of woodland and stream. You a sprig of mint may be served. been well beaten (saving out two

won't question if they're fashionSweet potatoes or yams will also whites). Return to double boiler;

right because you'll simply know enhance the orangey color scheme. cook until it thickens. Remove from

that they're rich and colorful and Carrot fingers are made by slicing fire; add vanilla and beaten whites.

good to wear. the carrots the long way of the Chill and serve in tall glasses.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC—EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

will preserving toward do much disease, families sickness, fromWard Teacher's Message for November, 1936 youyour

THRIFT own efforts. It is his duty to do all he and death."

can to secure for himself and his family the DON'T indulge in stimulants. Leave

rNE of the most desirable of human things that are necessary in the happy life, out of your diet tea, coffee, and other - protection the against and some weakness is thrift. virtues This admirable the keep of Word narcotics—briefly age. of helpful brings qualityand happiness Wisdom. part his inshould of save some man Aold success selfcontrol throughand and principles neglect the of DON'T necessary expenses come. be must The that satisfaction. givemastery supreme cleanliness in the and home is left to sanitation that regulated so something over

Its grief, opposite brings sufworry, in expects person. the and Lord into The savings the fund. Every go member

fering, humiliation, sometimes and even old, the Priesthood, to clean. of or whether young us be

more serious consequences. desires to increase his education; to go on Then, if after all you can do, or have

Thrift is not miserliness. It is the a mission; to make some investments that done, you become sick, use pracof Intelligent will use to yield in thewise help money. spendan income day when at tical to get in trying sense common

his diminished, to earning capacity is has anding frequently the desirable most sickness. Oldfash- of the cause your will that the increase other things joy do thrift. oftype Real money thrift—of to break up used ioned mothers many life. all his ventures cost of such of The or timeor the avoidsubstance—means illness remsimple home with an some his savings. out of Saving must must come of waste, of theance absence squanIf don't respond edies. It ailments your that earning. follows along with go thedering, for regard values, proper

into the debt, except not under he must go as treatments to such you how know future. for outlook the anand It greatest largest the need. pressure and long too apply, delay to not then do

The following excerpts from "A is doubtful if a man has a right to go in before you get the advice of some else for education, than a anything an Activity"give helpdebtGuide to Quorum let for, person, us remember competent mission, or home. aful advice every Latterday which this, assistance entitled to the we are it is the income, best use of an make To familySaint heed: should skilled are of those and wise who system. to the use budget Every necessary

Every member of the Priesthood should quorum member should know his probable in the treatment of diseases. Restrive for financial independence. This income and expense, and should make a member to take the advice of the Lord

must come ordinarily from the savings from budget accordingly. Then with all his might in the revelations, and see that the sick

the income from his vocation. Whether he with his family should attempt to live are "nourished with all tenderness, with

he achieves it depends largely upon his within that budget. herbs, and mild food."

Early in our troubles we should seek the the elders of to have the Church, the in riod Sunday with connectionFOLLOWUP OF WARD inin in administration, aid of prayer the first the last or Sunday on SchoolTEACHING Father. tervention our with Heavenly efevery of month. each However,

authority, the of house has If the head satisfactory obtain order toTn ward to imdevelop fort should be madeA him, call in to assist should someone he it teaching (a) is necessary in teaching. generally that provement ward

those appointed to this important serIn conformity with the revelations and together they should administer to vice shall be trained and qualified and of the Lord and in order to promote the sick person. If there is no elder

imbued with the spirit of their calling; peace and righteousness throughout the in the home, then invite some neighbors

(b) that they shall systematically and Church, the teachers should be imwho have the Priesthood, or make your spiritedly visit the families under their pressed, in connection with their prepdesires known to the bishop, and he direction each month; and (c) that they aration, of the importance of encourwill see that assistance comes to you.

shall render proper account of their aging loyalty, unity, and Church acHave faith in the Priesthood and in work and receive appropriate encourtivity among all members. the Lord. As much, or more perhaps,

agement in this service. The Presiding Bishopric depends upon your faith as upon theirs.

One of the important means to secure Live so that you are worthy of the the proper results is to make the monthTHE HEALING OF THE SICK blessings of the Lord, and then you ly report meeting, under the direction may be sure that he will hear your of the Ward Bishopric, most interesting Cleanliness, Sanitation, prayers, and answer them according to all the members of the Priesthood Faith, and Skill to his wisdom: -

or are teachers. become ward maywho all faith, cannot with But your of healing we talk the about "Defore we considerable proportion of the veryA *** to the nature, stop or expect course of sick, the something should have we the allotted oftime meeting should be

will of the oppose knows who Him sickness, to and say about avoiding subjectfor of the discussion the imon is will us. for conbest People what "don'ts."are a few in matter of hereportance and methods

for die, tinue matter to no do what we into run DON'T teaching. to Reports given beward sickness—Areep

that this promise, them, but have we contagion. away from brief the shouldshould be show and

if die, "if duty, they our they do we overeat. There are many DON'T of families as the as wellnumber numis their die death unto the Lord, and in this overpeople country more who clerkber visited, so that the can ward

show, before the meeting adjourns, the eat, than there are who undereat. sweet."

total number visited during the month. Here is some good advice from PresLet us be reasonable and practical

The main part of the meeting should ident Brigham Young in all these things, remembering that be given over to the consideration of "The Americans as a nation are killthe blessings of the Lord are predicated some phases of ward teaching, or the ing themselves with their vices and only upon our obedience to law, and results obtained by various ward teachhigh living. As much as a man ought that the laws of nature will always

ers. to eat in half an hour, they swallow operate unless set aside by superior

It is suggested that, if any other time in three minutes. If you want a relaw, and that the intervention of our

has not proved satisfactory, this meetform, carry out the advice I have just Heavenly Father cannot be invoked ing might be held jointly with the given you. Dispense with your multiwith success, except by those who have

Priesthood during the Priesthood petudinous dishes, and, depend upon it, faith in Him.

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC EDITED BY JOHN D. GILES

OBSERVE THE SABBATH DAY all activities get into full swing aa

It usually quickly takes as possible. THE STANDARD QUORUMHPhe several months weeks and sometimes AWARD* bathdivineDaycommandholy appliesto keepto theall SabLat- activity reto to normal and get back

is gain the ground lost as a result of theterday Saints today just as much as it The final quarter of the year has done from the beginning, and as it here. Quorum Supervisors should summer "let down."

did to ancient Israel. While social check carefully upon the requireand material conditions have greatly ment for the Standard Quorum Stake and ward leaders should deAward. to energetically the themselves vote in givcenturies the the sincechanged

is standard quorum award The of bringing attendto task membership,ing of the the Commandments, Ten the Presiding recognition a be by activity ance, with normal and back to in the should be proper observedday to the of Bishopric quoevery Church little possible. Organizaas as delayspirit thereof, preswith commensurate that the prereaches standards rum in tions perfected deshould every be Itent conditions. for the is a will day consist of scribed. award The

tail reto induced every and member certificate, suitablespiritual benefit of appropriate mankind. an Nothing

should be done that will detract from for framing and preserving permasume active participation in quorum a restful and worshipful attitude during nently, to be presented to the quorum affairs.

that day. upon a suitable occasion by stake

officers representing the Presiding THE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD In conformity with Church standBishopric.

ards, all members and officers, and A standard quorum is one where Selected from Modern Scripture especially the presiding officers of the following standards have been "Driesthood, as we understand the wards and branches, should avoid atmet: * term, is a word signifying the power

follow yearly quorum Set and up of field sports ortending manifestatheatres the of His any on 1. medium God,

in accordance meeting program tions,that day. authority the should Nothing be and by engaged which He of the the with recommendations

in that will detract from the spirit of Presiding Bishopric for 1936. may be legally represented. When

worship and rest. Certainly, of all men, 2. Set up and follow a yearly proused in a personal sense, it implies the

those in positions of responsibility gram of social and fraternal acbody of individuals, or Priests taken should set the example and give wise tivities in accordance with the collectively, in whom that authority is counsel to all Church members, old recommendations for 1936. vested. It means, in other words, the

and young alike, that will stimulate 3. Have an average attendance recright inherent in the Godhead to rule

them properly to remember and obord of 60% or more during the and govern all things in heaven and serve this day so that at the close thereyear. on earth.

fill 4. or more members Have 75%of, in the the reviewing of events day, there Christ are In the of Church year. the during assignments regret, for occasioneach have no may or Priesthoods, the Higher Meltwo 5. or obmore members Have 75% the,frombut rested been have may inchizedek, Aaronic, the Lesser or the of and serving as Wisdom Word

life,ordinary diversions cares of and the report of annual Levitical the Priesthood. cluding shown by The

spiritual gained strengthand have and of the the bishop as of ward right the holds Priesthood Higher encouragement to greater works of December 31, 1936. presidency, the keys of all spiritualof

righteousness. 6. Have 75% or more of the memblessings, and exercises general authorthe during earn money who jurisdiction; at the time same and

tithing, as SEMIbersyearAARONIC PRIESTHOOD pay shown calling to administer special on ityhaving a the the report annual of bishopANNUAL CONVENTION AND things. the in spiritual greater As of the of as 31, ward DecemberLEADERSHIP CONFERENCE 1936. comprehends the lesser, and takes in asit

Cpecial attention of Aaronic Priest- 7. Have 50% or more members paran appendage to itself, the Aaronic

** hood leaders in stakes and wards ticipate in two or more quorum Priesthood, whose peculiar mission and itsis called to the two important meetings service projects. special purview—without ignoringto be held in connection with the OcStake Aaronic Priesthood commitspiritual rights—are in and over the

things. will to tees temporal requested of check on administration be intober Salt General Conference Lake

to the and each recommend is quorum latter the equal the to not Thus,City. 3rd, at Saturday, October On the Bishopric quorums Presiding former, being important an though adall a. m.,8 for conference a leadership standards the reached have which inthereof, essential portion junct, or for responsibility have Aaronicwho recognition. entitled to are and its in to as completenecessary cluded will in held BarrattPriesthood be work

ness, inseparable and therewith, in one willHall. the follow The program

sense, in its operations.plan introduced of preago some time stake presidencies and high councilsenting problems and inviting questions men, bishops and counselors, mission Two Priesthoods Explained

floor. the discussions fromand Quosupervisors presidents, Priesthood and illustration, the of these sake For stake supervision andrum ward by in interested responsible or others and Priesthoods, together, might taken becommittees are teaching and two ward activities for Priesthood in any Aaronic likened to the dual human listed in for discussion theof matters soul—a invited especially organization are to being, earthly of an body composed this meeting. meetings. attend both its spirit counterpart. as Even and

The regular semiannual Aaronic requires these twain, these twin prinit

Priesthood convention will be held WINTER ACTIVITY BEGINS ciples, to constitute the soul of man, or in at 3, Saturday, October m. 4:15 p. living thing; of so in Christ's perany

Priestsees fall /"\ctober and winter Hall. Reports,the recomAssembly fect a system government, which comaccelerated, greatly BishPresiding themendations - hood activity from prises of all things takes cognizance and

opric and the renewed emphasis to be following an unfortunate and detrimengood and praiseworthy, outward as given the Aaronic Priesthood correlatal slump during the summer season. well as inward, temporal no less than

tion plan will be the principal subjects spiritual, It is that all responthere must urged needs be two who are program.on the polity, sible for of organized supervior branches wings Priesthood Aaronic

All stake and ward committeemen, sion make every possible effort to have corresponding with and represented by

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

these Priesthoods, whose respective powers and jurisdictions are thus genTHE WORD OF WISDOM REVIEWerally defined.

For, as we grasp and utilize the tan- A Monthly Presentation of Pertinent Information Regarding the gible things of this life, through the Lord's Law of Health medium of the mortal body, with its various members and organs; while

spiritual objects, things pertaining to ribs sides, cracked both were on my TESTIMONY REMARKABLE A higher existence, state of perarea driven shoulder were myceived, "Keeping of comprehended the pracand Word made Wisdom"andinto back. bloodbody was my Myblades tical spiritual of the faculties; means by S. all Stapley Ovley shot Testimony wide. eight inches around about of these Priesthoods, allied interso and Phoenix, Arizona of

It for to the impossible doctors was be, in they are though diversewoven their general powers and prerogatives, (}ne morning about March 2, 1919, take my pulse beats until the next afterthough entirely harmonious, in mutual while in Chicago, Illinois, as I was noon. It was then 165 beats to the

and external workings, when adminiswalking along I came to a cross street minute. They said the blood flowed

tered in the spirit of righteousness. railway running overhead and another through my heart as water goes through

centrifugal a pump. I the ground. as Just reached one on

to Furthermore, continue the comstreet, the the car north going stopped this after accident hapImmediately it is spirit,parison, the higher or part street. opposite side the of the on An- I to family Delsend pened wired my controls, directs,of man, which and traveling car other south toward was bert, after son, to to Chicago, look mysupplies the of motive the body, power started up, car going north me. The In time me. he came, due and when vitalbeing the of mainspring that won- I to the track so waiting stepped up acciat of the people heard home my piecedrous of machinery, funcwhose it for the pass, southexpecting to circle in dent, called prayer a they mytions are carried of forward reason by crossing before car stop the to bound faith behalf. great must have had They resultingthe their animation from union street. after for for that of recovery, day my operation. so, normaland Even by It stop, to having but pas- a no came I prayer, further pains from no had it isanalogy, the Melchizedek Holy off, ringing to get senger without I its those bones. This humbly brokenPriesthood, the right holding presiof bell, again. started car going north The testify to. the exercisesdency over Church, which just passing fender the was when me

controlling influence direction to as nurse and kept bandoctor and The me struck car the south me, and on bound itsthe whole; while imparting spirof for four tape adhesive with daged up I cars. the imbetween pushed me

life Iitual delegating lay portion and a on for weeks, and weeks two left arm, threw of mediately which up my its authority the to Lesser Priesthood, couldn't back and move. my When the hailed the saw. conconductor He

it, likewise,that possess to wield the of sheets they may and change bedhad car, both the other apductor on and its distinct and legitimate powers, and plied the brakes. I rolled between the ding they would just lift me up while

execute in their fulness the purposes for cars for about fifteen feet. Then both others would put the sheets on under

which it was designed. reversed their cars and rolled me out. me. After about two weeks they called

specialist to examine a bone my between the cars was bein The space set body. were He said my bones 8 inches. 6 andPower and Authority tween

perfectly collar bone, except which my of probably heard a cat Let it not be supposed, because of a You have just said twothirds on, and he was title, inferior hisseemingly catching bones the limited a mouse, heard and and it to that leave way.

is just to crack. really happenedor That what magnificent specific—though

—field in which it is called to operate, me. When I came out the conductor The doctors got to calling me thethat the Priesthood of Aaron—the lesmet me. I thought I would take a "Miracle Man,"for I only stayed in

ser, but still great, of two grand govdeep breath then I would have a hemthe hospital four weeks, then was erning principles is a thing to be lightly orrhage, and it would be all over. I moved to a hotel for two more weeks

thought of or despised. A power which did this but nothing happened. They and then brought home.

Israel, in ancient Hotel, intoheld led the Palace through an which sway me in the hosconvalescing During my street, fifteen uninterruptedalmost of of the tenure the and corner on was pital questhe these doctors asked me called chair. years; ruled judges set inhundred over they which a Then me I I tions. liquor, ever used and Had kings; anointed empire surgeon,and founded an happened the for house who I I said ever "no;"smoked, and had

cities laid in. of the wickedness;and waste looked to and be came down He if I tobacco said used "no;"ever had

I if dictated, sanctioned, or dewalk,which at could and asked and me coffee I in tea or and or drunk form any chair I the divine the of voice auwithnounced arose said from "Yes."

I the that said said "no."was They civilthority, military, policy, I the eleand the his to help with walked and

I said alive today. reason They was ilof mightiest of the in most and for some chair vator. then a put They of as as supple a bones were man mylustrious of anwarriors and monarchs sit the to took to on up and me me

I old. years, years then 25 47 and wascient times; a floor. which communed power helped they fourth up me Then

all like of that in said accident an They the I broughtwith heavens and his into down again, room. walked and He

ribs broken, and should have been my officiatedangels above; from which while minutes by to stand a few asked me

lungs, also shoulder punctured my my in ofPriest Levite the Temple and bed. fixed the God he was up he While

broken, and blades been should have receivingat Jerusalem; off this by Urim and overcoat and I took doing my

I should a dead have been man instead angelic visitation His and vest, to helped heThummim then me coat and august commands, as the oracles of get on the bed, where I lay down. of a live one.

Jehovah's will to His chosen and peAfter a few minutes I could hardly This was a testimony to me to the culiar people; holding the keys a power truthfulness of the of Wisdom, railroad of the doctors Word move. Two preparation,of the of unGospel and Smith, to the Prophet Joseph arrived. they came revealed had As company

of repentance thelocking doors and rein the Section Doctrine and Cove89 finger his to his mouth, put in my doctor of sins,mission the "baptism when in 1833. nants, the year to talk to me. not meant of which

in the wilderproclaimed wasJohn"to the hospital. I was I was taken ofness of Christ Judea, the coming and

found that and it was my sisters,I am andthankfulthe peopleto myforbrotherstheir wonand forerunner heralded to a x-rayed by Hiswas faithless and unbelieving world. Surely, breast bone was broken loose from my derful faith and prayer for my recovery

such a power is not to be depreciated or neck on both sides, my right collar and healing. The Lord heard, and

ignored, even in an age and dispensabone was broken, and four ribs were answered their prayers, for which I am tion more glorious. broken loose from my breast bone. All very grateful.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

DAVID LAWRENCE QUOTES "IMPROVEMENT The Advertisers,

ERA"ON CHURCH ATTITUDES AND ACTIVITIES and Where You Will Find

Lawrence, noted col- "But Communism is not a political party Their Messages

Constitution; political planDavid a under our nor Asphalt Roof Cor American of the umnist and editor the that is it is government of system a 644 poration

constitutional Government, opposite of our Daily, recently United States it to our 639 destroy necessary Mills be would Albert and Company press to a storyreleased the nation's could before Government Communism

Smelting and Refinbe American States."of set firsthand his observations United up in theon 647 ing Company

attitudes acand ChurchMormon fundamental of which the Another Mortivities, quoting The Improvement mon Church is taking a firm position is the Beesley Music Company 633 instituted It plan dole. of the matter has a Beneficial Life Insurance Comrelease publishedEra, which was

rolls. off its the relief to take members own Back Cover pany coast leading from newspapersby in a editorial Desevet page News, The The

.... University 636 Brigham Young in theto coast. Boscontrolled reader here daily "Era"newspaper by An

ton, a nonmember of the Church, Mormon Church, carries the following stateBudge, Alfred....- 641

story assent complete us a it was ment: of Nursing.... 634 Chicago School

"Brigham Young once said in referencecarried the Boston Evening by 638 Continental to Oil Co giving of charity:

Transcript, 27, 1936, from August

Committee.... 644 State me, experience taught it Democratic has and ''My in part:which we quote

it is that me, with has a principle become 634 Deseret Book Company to out, benefit out to give never and any

Fervor for Constitution Grows in West, man or woman, money, food, clothing or Deseret Federal Savings G

Lawrence Declares anything else, if they are ablebodied and Loan - 635 need, they when can and earn what work

Mormon Church Publications Reflect This to for them there is anything earth on

Being Trend—Members do. Deseret Mortuary 647 Taken Off This

Rolls Relief it. Tois pursuemy principlea contraryand courseI try towouldact uponruin Deseret News Press 636

any community in the world and make them Eastman Kodak Company 642 By DAVID LAWRENCE to the Transcript) idlers.'Grains of Gold 640 Dispatch (Copyright

J. & Co 643Salt Lake City, Utah, Aug. 27—Nothe"Historypolicy recordsbut the thatpracticethis wasof notBrighamonly Grant, Heber

body who observes the fundamental Young and it is a restoration of this ideal Henager Business College 646 note tocurrents of this campaign can fail the that prompts church leaders today in Husler Flour 635 the beginin these various Western States efforts."their new relief

religious fervorning amounts to a of what Co... 638 Independent Coal & Coke interestreferred to relief plan is an Thein behalf government. of constitutional

It selfhelp. is in Inside in experiment ing Front Cover its in- K. S. L

is this clearly place In more no visible itial satisfactorily stages, is proceeding but in of the Church. than Utah, home Mormon of Lewis, Mose..... 646 be as a substantiation regarded and may

It that, is said members, younger among the local that the theory communities and inMorning Milk 633 of that philosophy of the contagionsome stitutions quickly out the can more weed which tends to regard the Constitution as idlers than can the Federal Government. Mountain Fuel Supply 635

antiquated and obsolete has caught on and that older members are somewhat disturbed Mountain States Telephone about it. Whether or not this be true, it is and Telegraph Co 647

significant that in The Improvement Era, official organ of the Mormon Church, is Nephi Plaster & Mfg. Co 636

reproduced conspicuously in its August issue extracts from a recent speech by PresiNew Grand Hotel 636 the Scouts beforedent Heber Boy J. Grant School of Beauty Culfol- Quish referred in to theof he which America 637 ture

belief of "declaration regarding govlowing ernments and laws in general"adopted by R. and A. C. Institute 633

unanimous vote of the general assembly of the Mormon Church on Aug. 17, 1835: Salt Lake Hardware 637

that believe governments were "We inSchrader Plumbing & Heating 633 stituted the of and benefit of man; God for

that he holds men accountable for their acts Sears, Roebuck & Co.

in relation to them, both in making laws and Inside Back Cover administering them, for the good of society. Shapiro Trunk & Baq Co 640

believe government can that no "We Shepherd's Town Cards 646 inexist as are peace, except such laws framed and held inviolate as will secure to Shell Oil Co 643 each individual the free exercise of conscience, the right and control of property, Sinclair Oil Co 645 and the protection of life."

Standard Brands, Inc 641 In the same issue of The Improvement

Era also occurs an editorial entitled "WarnTaylor & Co 637 ing to Church Members,"which says: Utah Beet Sugar 638

"With great regret we learn from credible sources, governmental and others, that Utah Oil Refining Co 640 a few church members are joining directly or indirectly the Communists and are takUtah Photo Materials Co..635

ing part in their activities. Utah Power & Light 639

"The church does not interfere, and has no intention of trying to interfere with the Utah Savings & Trust 642 freestfullest political exercise of the and franchise of within Utah Woolen Mills 641 under its members, and our Constitution....

General Superintendency General Offices Y. M. M. I. A. General Presidency

Y. M. M. I.POXA. ALBERT E. BOWENI. A. SOSALTNORTHLAKEMAINCITY,STREETUTAH RUTHY. W. MAYM.

GEORGE Q. MORRIS LUCY GRANT CANNON

FRANKLIN L. WEST General Offices Y. W. M. I. A. CLARISSA A. BEESLEY

OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, 33 BISHOP'S BUILDING ELSIE HOGAN VAN NOY,

Secretary Executive Secretary SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Direct to General Offices to Committees Send all Correspondence

M. I. A. ASSEMBLY PROGRAMS John 6:2638 is the sweet assurance of the favor of

Acts 5:3442; 22:1-21 God when one is obedient and this comes

I. A. others workers large and all measure M. in through the payment I Corinthians 13*""*'A ll

offerings. tithes 6:1-20 of and are are beEphesians I. A. minded who M.

tithing girl her she time pays a each 11:1-12 That Hebrews familiarcoming the with term "The

is for her her manifesting love Heavenly I. A. Assembly,"designates whichM.

in for other Church; Father His and of Mormonthe feature in for Book new our program

is tithing evidence tangible that a recall words, of favorite reading your you As It is193637. title, appropriate an imloyalty. faith careBible of try reading the and passages from

itplying as that entire does the body fully the following:

of Mutual Improvement Association 1 Nephi 3:7 In presenting this subject to the girls

members, except the younger groups, 2 Nephi 33:1 the following points should also be

will participate in this period. It occurs Mosiah 5:15; 23:21, 22 noted: If a girl earns no money whaton each regular Tuesday evening sesAlma 7:24; 12:34 ever during the year she is counted

sion following the exercises opening in considered as and exempt good

Doctrine and Covenants.—consist of singing,which prayer and girl, nearly standing. every through But In nobility of thoughtin majesty ofscripture reading. effort, small earn can amounts a little it of beauty language matches concept—in These assembly alare programs the her that she on can so name have anything heretofore to the given world.

in underready of the most way wards in order to record. tithing form That Section 4

of the Church. It would be well this Section 89 the tithing habit it is well to pay to the

early in the year to analyze the ones Section 58:1-23 bishop onetenth even on gifts.

which have been presented. Do they Section 88:117126

carry intended? the messages Were Section 10 MY M. I. A. CREED Section 76:1-10 entertaining?they each feature Was

of high quality? Were they kept well Dobbie Whitsell, one of the Mutual

within the time limit of thirty minutes /Vne of the inspirational features of A presidents of the Mississippi Disso that they did not infringe in any the Church security program, trict of the Southern States Mission, way upon the manual period which bewhich is assuming such large proporwrote the following gins promptly at 8:10? If there were tions as the months pass, was the call

any weak spots the committees should of the First Presidency to the LatterIt shall be my desire live life will to Always so be that my to their day Saints efforts in the renewnote them and avoid them in future its spiritual, in wellbalanced temporal, and tithes of offerings. payment andrenditions.

phases, to in time taking develop counsel This intensely appealed to mental that these are programs We believe fields the spiritual study through mental and officers of and memberssufficiently the Young in all to easy be given asthe therein. activity and Board Women's General as a faithsociations, those even talent. of limited times to be willing At all to use my

project for the young near other to each mightWards occapromoting girls talents for the best of mankind. good

sionally work out an exchange of talent of the Church and therefore at the To live up to the covenants I have made for these programs. As the weeks go June conference it was decided to adopt with God, to use my talents, time, and

by there will be increased improvement the Churchwide slogan, "Every Gleanmeans for the advancement of his cause and consequently increased enjoyment er, Junior and BeeHive Girl a Tithehere upon the earth.

to to sympathetic kind be and Always payer."in part of the activities. A. M. I.

I associate, in those with having whom officers this to our commend and again early We and thoroughWethisurge all set heart for striving to love men, and the leaders of these departments andpreparation. Assignments should be all lives to a example touch worthy whose that prayerfully ask they prepare themplans and in outmade worked weeks mine.

selves to present it to the girls so that ofadvance the time that these programs in the place content of labor I'm To be it a potent have appeal. mayare to be presented. called in such in God's and while kingdom;

Every girl should be made to feel place try to improve all conditions that are

SCRIPTURAL READING That the payment of tithing is a privilege outToof lookadjustment.always on the bright side of

the as well as duty. slogan, experience a adopt every and give et's spiritual our I. A. aT M.

will'to of onetenth one's small can "Nothing but income happen atThat what is aL/ me reading mosphere the from by to portion the to treasury give of for good."the be myScriptures night. each Tuesday in for the return blesscalled manifold to Church I'm do whatever do work To following excerpts are The taken ings received the the Lord. ability strive for from to of best and my

from "Gleaning"by Dr. Adam S. BenThat it is the Lord's plan for the building methods to do it with the least possible

nion: up financially of His Church but that time and labor expended, at all times workWhen one begins to quote beautiful it is a plan also for the building of charing out a definite plan to follow, so as to

passages from the Bible it is difficult to acter in each individual: the one who have system in all things.

conclude. So many quotations approach pays an honest tithing will also likely Not to lose sight of the principle of serperfection. Those listed below are but an pay her obligations to her fellow men; vice to my fellowmen; wherein I can help

index to what is yours if you make Bible she will cultivate the saving habit; she anyone in need, let me be anxious to do so.

reading'a habit. will develop generosity; she will develop To realize the need of faith in my HeavIsaiah 11:1-10; 42:1-12; 43:1-12 will power. enly Father, knowing that when I am obediAmos 5:3-15 That great temporal blessings are promised ent to His laws and commandments, I shall

Job 28:1-28; 38:1-27 to those who pay tithes (Mai. 3:10) but be blessed accordingly.

Ecclesiastes 11:1-10; 12:1-8 that these are by no means its greatest I do know He is indeed a loving Father f

Matthew 7:1-14; 13:1-9 rewards. anxious for the welfare of all His children.

Luke 5:1232 That the blessing to be desired above all If I can follow out these guiding principles

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

in all my walks through life, I'm sure that istic that was most prominent in his life, Committee should have before them a

I shall have happiness, and may I add with the application of this principle complete roster of all ward members.

all truth I learn to this my creed. to various phases of life today."Any ward clerk will be glad to furnish

WESTWOOD BRANCH SCORES weInnotthis onlycoursehaveof study,a mostweinterestingfeel sure, this.and someoneEach namewho shouldfeels hebe candiscussedreach

516.66% IN ERA DRIVE and valuable bit of biography which the person should volunteer "to go

are get him."real constitutes There to contribution many and a who what s of another beginning Improvethe A into activity is brought never been these great have generally about known**'near merit draws campaign Era we

sincere appreciate warm, a leaders, also would faithpromoting a but and who record the remarkableare of reminded join this fine invitation in to lives personal for today. valuable guide our Calithe of the Branchof Westwood are there True, program. of nature course of some the the Because who last year's duringfornia camMission

in lacking it higher is the mental to of be necessary seem ever study, than more achievenotable thepaign. Concerning

interests. in must the that These moral should and the hands manual be "Wake this of the of small branch Nevadament

hesitate to all not Live."knock of up and the Departof Adult members Do PresiDistrict, Sister Simmons, Fern

until again their It again at will addition and valuable doors ment. a form the of Mutualdent Women's Young

finally aroused. library. are discussion they anyone's to Group in the CaliAssociationImprovement

intelligently unless cannot forward go writes:fornia Mission

the read manual. study LIVE! and members UP AND WAKE it, I the understand... Westwood As this his in himself the author point On

I. until organized not was A.Branch M. LIVE! UP "\Tt7AKE AND follows: introduction as comments that theyin of 1935. know November ** We doing be you would now What

for going, to time hard keep a hadhave read. to merely is not Reading study To it for to if impossible really you were

is lumber ofthe a camp town Westwood "full man."a not always does make To it? Right doing not be why fail?—and the theater, all the houses, and theand is questions, to to to think ponder, ask study to the things think of face about and are few one man. Thesawmill by owned to thoughts our and about, upon draw own those accomplish that can so you do willthere are that very havemembers we fix as the studied to matter experience, so

intertoo, the things. Think, of many truly behind been workers, haveing and stretched in the must mind. be mind The

their leaders in making the Era drive a to its utmost reach. This is to grow. esting and profitable things there are

success. They did not have an Era director Nothing is more disheartening to both to do nowadays and what fun it would

but each member of the branch was given teacher and pupil than to have only a few, be to make a go of them.

list to contact of people and of namesa recitation, in part studious, the take a in her more book Brande Dorothea Wake to. the results sell the showto The Era not the others been have because merely simple, in easy writes a Live and Up six quotasuccess had. they Era was The it is this (for progressive what enough if it act as the style were theme: on they but werefor the Branch Westwood forth to in put the an end) to amounts fail. as that to shows impossible She their of sell or to thirtyoneable 516.66% not of learn. us need effort do to Most

is fail sucto as to used energy much President Richards Brotherquota. was Leo listening, of art but in the practice we any

of the Young Men's Mutual Improvement do in the art of getting thought from the ceed and that we become victims of

Association and Sister Elise Young was printed page. Here is a good chance to the Will to Fail. And then she shows

President of the Young Women's Mutual learn this art. how little difference there is between

Improvement Association. the effort required for failure or sucthe conditions and Knowing Westwood cess. that further suggests author I 'T'he "carryingon,"are theyunder which of the imagthe use chapter on Her but * not Leaders only Adult Group achievegood very a think they made have rather active thought to access also have should members ination—creative, will very I they sure be andment am

stimulating, and fancy—-is passive than material, helpsupplementary and some efforts acknowledged. their topleased have

ful books are listed. her twelve disciplines are fun to try.

The achievement of this branch was If all will bear in mind that in this "Success, for any sane adult, is exoriginally invited to our attention by Department the usual "teacher"and actly equivalent to doing his best.

Sister Ida Moleberg of Ogden, Utah, "pupil"relationship does not exist; that What that best may be, what its furwho lived in the Westwood Branch we are really united in a cooperative thest reach may include, we can dislast winter. While the Era's business quest for fuller, deeper lives in which cover only by freeing ourselves comoffice has not checked its records thorthe learning process forms a part, and pletely from the Will to Fail—So wake

oughly enough to release this as an that responsibility, therefore, rests up and live!"

official statement, they are of the opinequally upon all to contribute to group ion that Westwood Branch has estabthinking, it may be safely predicted that lished an alltime, allChurch record this season's work will be highly satisfor obtaining highest percentage of factory and delightful to all who parquota during an Era subscription camticipate in it. Let it be borne in mind

paign. also that the course of study is but a

means to the larger end of promoting CHAIRMAN, HELEN S. WILLIAMS.

good fellowship, mutual understanding, and the development of those gifts and "Ctrange that from all the fine, graces within each one of us which call splendid people in the ward and teachstake chosen as a Gleaner I was for expression without and constant tt A.Y. M. M. I. CHAIRMAN, AXEL er. within. exploitation Y. M. I. A. CHAIRMADSEN; W. teachers Gleaner have many How C. ADAMS.MAN, EMILY

this least at at themselves, said to ATTENDANCE COMMITTEE beginning of their teaching experience?theGET THE MANUAL NOW Tt has long since been demonstrated Yet it isn't strange that you and only

"HPhe concluding course of study in * by successful groups in the Adult you were chosen, for in you someone * our series on the Lives of our LatDepartment that distribution of responin authority recognized definite qualiter-day Saint Leaders, this season, is sibility is an important factor. Now, ties which are necessary for an ideal

titled Leaders in Zion and is from the at the opening of the season an Atleader of girls. So, in the beginning

pen of our wellknown writer, John tendance Committee should be actively develop a faith within yourself and

Henry Evans. It treats the lives of at work holding regular meetings and your ability will help you to go far.

four of our presidents: John Taylor, making personal contacts with all who Some leaders have the "one mile"

Wilford Woodruff, Lorenzo Snow, are eligible to the Adult Department. spirit and lead in a "one mile"way.

and Joseph F. Smith. The author gives, All who are forty years of age may be Says Harry Emerson Fosdick: "A man

"first, the main details in the career invited into our circle. "Life begins can stumble the first mile anyhow, but

of each; second, the particulars in his at forty"may well be our slogan thereno one can travel the second mile withadministration; and third, the characterfore. Members of the Attendance out God."

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

To be a leader of Gleaner Girls ideas which he has always responded to Chapter Six to an analysis of the probcertain requisites are necessary and it is but has not been able to express. lemproject method.

well time take to from measurement ultimate of the course aim The You "half the that says Drinkwater John livingto as to time are up you how is clarify those prinLight and to Your is of fun reading to provoked be byto them. ciples of our understood not Gospel that are opinions not Perown."your

girls this yourself of prepare to age, thoroughly you introduce by them Do half the of the fun other of readhaps toso that will familiar principles are with which enough you connew be entering the of joy sheer from comes their materialthe to instil to the able ducive betterment, to lead to be and one's formulating the tainment of and in intelligently their easily,discussion hearts these devotion to a and makit. thoughts through own girling feel principles will present in every at the ease? keep which them

right sort at of the Keeping busy right assails path temptation whenever in posipresent your you a work Do for reading, right thing: the of kind them.tive real course teacher no way? (Of

is instance, sure safeguard a from readsever the the behind her course aim to The from Manual You things. the Discuss doing with wrong

is girlsclass to their realize help presshe that because the Yourself such knows lasting girls the happiness which your capabilitiesentation loss of those attention develop and own means and in reading a book from comes good characteristicsinterest. their betto conducive

frittering of the comparison with away ter inhibit those development and sympathetic underAre you and in sentimental hours moving watching a detrimental which to prove would girls theirstanding of problems? and picture. themselves the in and community which girl feel that class in each your Does girls the Discuss with advanyour live. they

isshe the necessary the of to success aids to conof reading as tage good of called the purpose course The organization?Gleaner contacts, appreciation social versation,

is to give acSampler Hobby some A that quality divine have you Do life. of

tivity will for the which care excessive to enables thewhich backyou make the lesson of presentation In the all girls this energy which have. age girl all participate? of oftenward So

all informathe of Bible"apply "The lesson for the of The work month is attentionthe girls are to given who to lesson the tion gleaned from "How includes the third October second andnaturally aggressive not and do who set then and a Book"Good Know chapters from the Light, and Your You such encouragement.need encourTo this lesson. of preparation the about first chapter from Sampler, Hobby A girl participate shy to to aage and let rules true? the hold Again Do the chapter and second from YourYou girl theguide aggressive withwisely girls participate choosing your by self. Insert activity as posas much all allowingout to of the usurp her scripture, reading favorite of passages sible this into year. the classroom Many is giftattention truly leaderreal of a in analyzing aloud, them and them felt of Girls the discourJunior have intelligentship. preparation, Combine tell girl class. has she Let each why this entering aged department uponsincerity of inpurpose, wholehearted particular Perpassage. her chosen the section from BeeHive because in faith,terest girlhood, prayer, and it helpful, picturesque, thinks she haps little activity there hitherto so has been all of to theobedience the of laws Gosspirituality. in rich informative, or Enall in find the acwhereas BeeHive wepel true for the a enthusiasm with work freely. class talk to the courage tivity. girls things the to Encourage dothat are doing matter you and no how

humble or weak you feel true success Your challenge is to create within for themselves outside of the class as a Gleaner leader may be yours. every Gleaner Girl a desire to read which will emphasize the lessons they

The lessons for October 13 and 20 her Bible and love it. Before you can learn each Tuesday evening.

are "How to Know a Good Book"and do this, you yourself must be conThe objective in the lesson "Your is to that the girls feel Savior"make is the the Bible of the fact that vinced Bible."Great"Four Books—The theirs, belonging is indeed to them comforting, greatest, He grandest, most of if in the preparation wonders One

these lessons Dr. Adam S. Bennion did and most informative book that has because of the sacrifice which He made

not have as his primary objective the ever been given to civilization, and for them and also because of His great inspiration for better reading. Through that from it everyone can find an anlove which made the sacrifice possible

the lesson the author hopes to instil a swer to her needs. in the first place and which makes

all in to of us doubly save eager Him living, for indesire of of enrichment in girl the participate can Every in objective kingdom. His "You The virtue.creasing wellassignment, class through by alis that to Yourself"Decide show In the lessons of these presentation questions, thoughtout and by by talks,

is to us Christ though eager back wincare to the teacher taken be must by lively general discussion. with Only to to think us of Him, wants each He feeling of the creating ofsafeguard a this will the lessons year participation

for ourselves. decide andinferiority, girls consequently, the to highly valuable to each be prove

is objective in to "Decorations"The in to the beginningshould be asked leadership. girl under your comes who girls the their have something with do their favorite booksname and why that believed you someone Because

will bring enjoyment to hands which to like appealsthey them what and this participation bring about could you their to to themselves, the homes, and in to reading.them most them Ask trust that to measure which up must

in mingle. groups they Encourwhichbring descriptions several books, from in you. placed been has

girls festive the to age decoramake visualize people. placeswhich and

Through books are learned the beauty tions for the Hallowe'en supper, the and the implication of words and a Thanksgiving table.

greater appreciation of language. In "Your Physical Self,"the aim is A book is worthy of the time and 'MfUOU to have the girls realize their best in

effort it takes to read it when it serves their physical makeup which will react

CHAIRMAN, MARBA C. JOSEPHSON on their personalities. The danger here

1. To introduce the reader to a person is that many who have handicaps may

or persons big enough of soul to bring HPhe Junior Department knowing the feel that they are lost when it comes expansion to his own. * stress of modern times wishes parto this particular part of their person-

2. life crises in its present that so To alities. stress, ticularly to project the have have method may if we We

the vicariously reader think through can girls that in these this groups, our into incorporated year's any of work. On

its values. blindness, Keller deaftext, of 13 teachers pages 14 had Helen the and who

3. Proclaim thoughts that they such ness, reached to find combat, will brief plan. and of dumbness explanation the astimulate foster thinkfurther and worthy

ing. Dr. John T. Wahlquist in his excep- a pinnacle so far as her personality

4. Picture nature so vividly that the tionally helpful book: Teaching as the is concerned; that Jane Addams who

reader catches the glory of creation. Direction of Activities ( which we rechad a curvature of the neck which

5. Express truths and facts so eminently ommend that you buy, if possible, or made her feel inferior finally reached an

well that the reader finds pleasure in the at least borrow and read) devotes enviable position, having been given

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 193 6

the Nobel prize for her activities; that to the new girls who are coming into

many of the world's greatest men and BeeHive work this year, helping them women have compensated for their to feel at home and to love their new physical shortcomings by emphasizing experiences. Suggest to the girls that

some other qualities of their personon their "party"evening scheduled for alities and have finally won to their October that they give a little Welplaces in the world's work. come Buzz for the Builders and Gatherers. All or just part of a class period

might be used. Wholewheat bread

sandwiches with honey for the filling, honey candy, or fruit would make inexpensive refreshments.

CHAIRMAN, ETHEL S. ANDERSON busyLet doingus planhappyto keepthings.the Guardians

Greetings to all Bee Keepers! We

* hope the buzzing of your "Bees"profitablewill and be very happy this WHAT WE HAVE DONE to lose is notseason. a moment There

if you have not already started on the By C. N. LundBeeHive Program which is to be given FINER FLAVOR

on the conjoint night, Nov. 1, 1936. We've ribboned the land with cement

steel, and is in this outline for foundThe f/owr Qnttj seas. farthest the cabled have the We I. /or Executives and A. GuideM. and song with world the girdled We've 1936Activity CommitteeCommunity

speech, is night 133. and your This 1937, page skies. sailed the eternal And for the finea opportunity making ward of built builded, Babel as was have We

conscious.BeeHive old,

Suggestions High towers of steel and stone.

Have the program so well organized Our business has grown to mammoth size that there is no waiting or lagging beAnd our wealth piles mountain high.

all? is if this profit our be where But should choruses numbers.tween The

security? our where And in place that will be seated they sobe last great will at the that count thing The.. their sure for songs. Be readyand day a on Automatic Spend You DimeP BeforeSTO directed. are wellthey a; bar, the judgment Controlled See the Heat Air we stand When

soul the to for see if Is check should have done Keepers Bee what we of man, WILLBURT STOKER the mind! of reach the that Godward so And are earned badges honorany

these may be awarded. All awarding

should be rehearsed in the chapel so that this part of the program may go over with real military dispatch.

Let us put BeeHive "on the map"this year by having each BeeKeeper and each BeeHive girl own a band on which she places her wellearned awards. Will this not bring about a

happier, a more united feeling? Can be purchased through F H A

Suggestive cells that should be filled plan on small monthly payments.

in the fall—518, 519, 520, 521, 522. Sec Our Display at State Fair

SCHRADER Plumbing & Heating Go.

GUARDIANS 1727 WindsorSalt St.Lake City Hy. 454S

Distributor /"* Intermountain often irls to grow so seem suddenly

Intermountain for the Wanted -* into Dealers at fourteen. They come up Territory.

the BeeHive organization almost as children at twelve. At fourteen they I"""are young women. Perhaps some may

feel that they have outgrown those things which so interested them attwelve, or even thirteen. The BeeHive MEN WANTED

program has been planned to meet this FOR AIR CONDITIONING possibility. very INDUSTRY It might be 1

feel that as a Guardianto make the girl helpful Wtt&k? fflvtiit Co. trained men in this field The demand for

Street South Main of 61 distinctive group is part of ashe

City, Salt Lake fills cells girls. She no longerBeeHive Utah hasate incausedlocatingthe menmanufacturerswho are interestedto cooperin

and receives seals. As a Guardian she "Headquarters For M. I. A. this industry.

may earn beelines and only Guardians Festivity Music"Season of More than 30 of the leading manufacturers are allowed to earn and wear these 193637 have indorsed and created a training proFEMALE: is direct supervision that thesymbols. under gram

.15 1. (GriegStickles). the In

engineers. of thein own 2. in girls Taught the Songs Mother Me losing of are MyBoat many We 13 (DvorakStickles) good ambitious, have Applicants be must rank. adapt third and mustthe We.15 3. Cradle Song their to willing references spend be and 4. (Old Love's Arbutus that sovitalize (MozartStickles)An the program Guardian My

field. 10 this unlimited in Irisharr. learning spare time Baldwin) girl. social it school In will every hold.15 5. (Davis) To Turn Ye Me only. appointment Interviews arranged by it is the sororities, alwaysclubs, all will postage the on pay Note: We present Write, giving emphone, age, and settlecomplete with orders accompanied sisters,"girls "big the act assenior who Institute, to No. 50 A. ployment al- C. will R. be of discount & ment. 10% A girls, initiate the out seek newwho single copies lots 10 in or of more lowed City, 3, Street, Salt Utah. Lake Main Room

titles assorted. or feel at home. them makeand Why

cannot the Guardians be "sponsors"

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

OLD BYRON LETTER DISCOVERED (Concluded from page 611)

Greece her best friend."Tennyson, produced. His denial of having ever decry, yet in the manner of his dying

one of England's greatest poets, established residence in the island of Byron seems to have atoned in some went about for several days, repeatMytilene is not that he did not know measure for the manner of his living.

ing as if impossible for the mind to the island or that he did not have a Byron's Letter grasp what the heart refused to befriendly feeling for it. It is only in Sir:

lieve, "Byron is dead;.Byron is the interest of truth that he denied In various numbers of your Journal—

entitled "the a mentioned seen work have For, as the statement. he himselfdead!"as of the addition name with Vampire"my

island Mytilene is which "an Byron's interest in the "Isles of states, I the author, not the that of Author.—am

Greece"about which he wrote so I have occasionally sailed by in the and never heard of the work in question stirringly later and by means of course of travelling some years ago until now. In a more recent paper I perof ceive annunciation a formal "The Vam- I the through syman intense where he evokedwhich Levant—and of account the addition pire"with of an my reside."eviobjection to should have cause is no the Greekpathy for an in Island of Mytilene"the "residence

denced in the letter which is here reMany factors of Byron's life we Island which I have occasionally sailed by in the course of traveling some years ago through the Levant—and where I should

have no objection to reside—but where I

have never yet resided..——- Neither of

these performances are mine—and I presume

that it is neither unjust nor ungracious to contrathat request by you will favour me Books YOU Should Have I to advertisement the which dicting allude.—If the book is clever it would be

real writer—whoever the to deprive at a Special Price base

his if stupid——Offered honours;—and he may be—of

dull- I of responsibility nobody's desire the During Conference Only the will excuse but ness own.—-—You my

trouble I give you,—the imputation is of

no great importance,—and as long as it

was confined to surmises and reports—

should have received it as I have received many others, in Silence.—But the formality

of a public advertisement of a book I never wrote—and a residence where I never resided—is a little too much—particularly as

I have no notion of the contents of the one—nor the incidents of the other.—I have

besides a personal dislike to "Vampires"and the little acquaintance I have with them would by no means induce me to divulge their secrets.—-—You did me much less injury by your paragraphs about "my devo- A COMPREHENSIVE HISTORY tion"and "abandonment of Society for the

last of which during Lent;—all

fact—but on OF THE CHURCH sakeMessengerare notof religion"—whichfounded appeared in your You CENTURY ONE do not contradict them,—because theyseeareI

By B. H. ROBERTS merely personal—whereas the others in some degree concern the reader.-——

offers Deseret only, authorization, short the for a time Book Company and By special with will oblige me by complying You discount. History at f Roberts'Comprehensive sixvolume Church the a substantial I assure of request you contradiction—The my is price $30.00 regular of the set

the of works that work or I know nothing to the The "cash and carry"price from in honour question—and have be—

September 26 to October 5 only is (as the correspondents to Magazines say) "your constant reader"and very

Obt. TWENTYFIVE DOLLARS Humble Servt. (Plus Sales Tax)

Byron.

To the Editor of Galignani's Messenger

Etc., Etc., Etc.

WHAT IT IS A Monsieur Venice April 27th 1819 Monsieur Galignani—

detail essential of the origin, growth covers History of the every Church A Comprehensive Vivienne. 18 Rue on Centennial Conference the until organization the of Church from expansion and

Paris... progress. is years It thrilling hundred of Mormon 6, 1930. of one accountits the April

80 illustrations—large, readable type—high quality paper. Savagi

This set of books belongs in your library. It is valuable for reference purposes as well

as for its compelling interest. But remember, the special offer closes Monday, October 5.

If later. your order now. date, Send us that until but no will orders accepted be Mail BE A NURSE for packing extra $1.50 include and to you, books to the us you pack and ship want

postage. S25S35 A WEEK *>: MAKE

nursing practical learn can them. in see will and be specials will which endorsed Conference other at physihomo be Course by spare There Yonin worthwhile—come

3 7th graduates. of cians. Thousandstime.

charge has graduate Onepital. year. saved Another $4 00 ofwhile10bedlearning.hosEquipment included. EasyMen tuitionand womenpayments.18 to Write60. Highnow. School not required.

CHICAGO NURSINGChicago, OFStreet, SCHOOLEast Ohio Dept. 529 lesson pages.III. sample free, 100booklet and 32 flease send

44 East on South Temple Name City State -Age 634

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

The Journal of Archer -II II H II II II llw II II M It If

Walters (Continued from page 612) PIKE'S PEAK Summer Comfort 23RD

ill, still to very Harriet I went

Still hot to All the me. verywork. FLOUR ALL WINTERrest very welt and I thank my Heavenly Father. A product of with

HUSLER 24TH FLOUR Harriet still very ill. Still at work MILLS

carts.at the Automatic Rations served out and

of I sugar.got more

Salt Lake City 25TH Morning meeting. Bro. Goodsall

from Birmingham addressed the 2.meeting. Bro. Meeting GAS \Z2 past THE UTAH PHOTO been one had and someWebb spokespeaking against us. He roared out MATERIALS CO.like a lion and would of slain them invite you to see their collection HEAT

with a look of his eyes and if any of Utah Photographs. It's what you really want, isn't it?

were honest in heart and had been We specialize in Copying, EnThe marvelous ease and convenience guilty they must have trembled for larging and Kodak Finishing. 26 of living in a gasheated home, where

he spared none. nessyearsininSaltthe LakePhotographicCity. Busiyouyour neverfurnaceevenall winterneed tolongthink! about

isn't There just satisfactory any sub26TH Visitors Conference stitute for automatic heat. gas And still to very Harriet work. Went

it can now you for enjoy See Supplies us at a and lower your Kodak cost very bad; beganbad. Lightened Finishing. to attention given Prompt than ever has before been possible

orders. mail 1 1 o'clock. until o'clock 8about

fantype new furnace gas has an life so andNever saw it in my it 27 WestOppositeSo. TempleTemple SaltSquareLake City enclosedThe fan positively which circulates to our bedsrained hard began and filtered warmed, and properly humidiswim. I was wet on my side as I fied air into every room. It offers

laid until I found it out. many features of modern aircondi-

tioning for the greater health and 27TH Went to work at hand carts. Shift IHVCST W1SCLY comfortAnd whenof yourfiguringfamily.fuel costs, just

tent on a hill and was scolded for it. consider this proved fact: Many Salt

The first duty of every Lake families, using correctly designed

CHARTERED installed and furnaces, gas using and his to protect man is28TH: SUPERVISED other gas services (securing the adfuture; avoiding At work. family'* STATES. of vantage rates) quantity find that UNITEDGOVERNMENT that speculation ends actually heat gas costs other less than

29TH usually in disaster. fuels they formerly used.

Thursday at work. Harriet still

bad.very Gas Heat 30TH All Gives You child A born in our tent Yi Pas These Advantagesone A. M. FULLPAIDm Only

Automatic ordering fuel of #No 0100%31 ST Operation storage space ill. 9.,No to attractive—will be began earn cash Martha

stokeneeded. # Smokeless,

- carts. at the free dividendswork hand - and are less, ashless, A meetingStill at aSSJSaj+l|, Fue of uniform to dustless qualityat prepare night speculative hazards. for and we are U ILVI I I* from

of uniformoff. No wearmovi "flout.P arts t0 Fuelprice

1STJUNE estimate Ask for a free of costs for Meeting at Yi Pas 10, Bro DESERET home. your

still Bro.spoke Sarah and Webb. FEDERAL Linley's.at the Mr. Henry farm.

cattle. to the on watch Thewent FUEL the Savings & Loan MOUNTAIN several tunes after playedband

meeting. Meeting ]/2 Pas * 2; many Association SUPPLY COMPANYpeople here.

44 South Main St. 36 South State Wasatch 1300

2ND Salt Lake City, Utah Salt Lake City

Harriet very ill; still working at Serving 21 Utah Communities

the hand carts. Free booklet on request

(Continued on page 636)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

The Journal of Archer Walters {Continued from page 635) 3RD All well but Harriet.

4TH Martha poorly. Made a coffin for

a child dead in camp.

<—5TH All expect to go with our hand carts. I was liberated from working

and my tools to go with us to do repairs on the road. mrogress 6TH

eOLUMBUS'epic trailblazing Made another child's coffin and a into the unknown symbolrough table for the Elders to eat izes mankind's unceasing upon. Bro. Spencer said as I had

quest for new routes to accombeen working my extra luggage plishment, new and better methods could go through.

necessary the world's for doing 7TH durprinting story of work. The about 60 Started yards. Camped

is centuries the ing the past few the night Sunday, remained and for conquest of man's story held as the meetings 8th and of ignorJune it is of civilization. the story ance;

eatusual. about Harriet dreamed

field man's In of printing the caught ing and went fish and Henry to progress for genius has risen

I ate it all. rode one she Harand

heights. All great who would riet in the hand cart around the

restless in this aspire to a place to night owing Very bad alert to camp. art ever be on the must

the so late, being on camping dew 1600 Courses in 34 Departments imadvantages the which grasp

Five Colleges: proved methods bring to the the grass.

APPLIED SCIENCE printer and the user of printing ( To be Continued

ARTS AND SCIENCES alike. You are assured, when you

COMMERCE place your printing or binding

EDUCATION order with us, of every advantage

FINE ARTS which upto-date machinery and Graduate School—Research methods can bring. NEPHI

Division—Extension Division

Write for Information SuperAcoustic

THE DESERET BRIGHAM YOUNG Plaster NEWS PRESS Used throughout the University

Printers Pioneer and Library Building UNIVERSITY Binders of the West

PROVO, UTAH and 'Scholarship—Spirituality—Character"Salt29 RichardsLake City,StreetUtah Many of the Church's finest

'-OMBUIOM-O-a structures in Utah and

California

A beautiful, durable, soundabsorbing wall finish NEW GRAND HOTELMain at 4th South

Manufactured by a Utah CorporaWELCOME tion of 45 -years standing

CONFERENCE Nephi Plaster & VISITORS Manufacturing Co.

401 Dooly Block M. H. THOMPSON, Mgr.

J Salt Lake City, Utah THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

The Outlook

for Peace (Continued from page 618)

the history of the Olympics, covering the twentysix miles in 2 hours, 29 19.2 seconds. minutes and

Q%.//MERCHANDISINGSERVICE upsetting Equally to American as

believers in racial suwell as German periority, success spectacular was the \.A/."44

of Jesse Owens, the negro athlete from By any yardstick with which you skin State University. Ohio A dark this measure value to no handicap was apparently

boy. YOUR LOCAL The 1936 Olympics at Berlin should

that the help to Nazis convince many Independent Retailer of race contheory an Aryan is now ceded to be "pure fiction."Max Muller, Serves You Best!

the scholar popularGerman who first rejects the No matter what you buy—whether it be ized "Aryan,"the word

misapplication of its usage. "An ethhardware for modernizing your home nologist,"he says, "who speaks of an garden tools—sporting goods—housewares Aryan race, Aryan blood, Aryan eyes—a washing machine—a radio—an electric

hair, sinner great is as a as a and supplies or the simrefrigerator—farm

linguist dolichoce of speaks a who plest household hardware.

dictionary or brachycephalic a phalic retailer supply local can independent Your is It than grammar. worse a Babyloniprices at merchandise dependable you with is of downan confusion tongues—it SOURCE OTHER I with ANY If theft. right Aryan,... I say mean comparable

neither blood, nor bones, nor hair, nor OF SUPPLY—quality considered.

skull; I mean simply those who speak PLUS language."an Aryan

Friendly, courteous, personal service that

K adds so much "plus value"to your purHPhe present revolt of the Arabs chase. He is not only a heavy taxpayer,

* the fourth since 1921—is a reaction but he also supports with his time and his

against the Jewish colonization of Paldollars all worthy local community affairs.

estine. The Arabs, said to be one of

the purest branches of the human race, Your local independent retailer is deserving claim to be the rightful possessors of of your business—see that he gets it and

Palestine for fourteen centuries. you will be rendering a lasting service to

The recent riots are a protest by the your community that will come back to you

Arabs to the British government which many fold.

now administers Palestine under a mandate from the League of Nations.

After its conquest in 1917, the British government made the famous Balfour TheSlalfLafce that to the effect declaration with favor Majesty's view Government "His AI/cHfifcHantwareGo.

the establishment in Palestine of a na- 'Organized to efficiently serve the independent tional home for the Jewish people, and retailer."

to facilitheir will best endeavors use it WHOLESALE EXCLUSIVELY of that object, tate the achievement being clearly understood that nothing Salt Lake City—Pocatello—Boise—Grand Junction

shall be done which may prejudice the civil and religious rights of existing nonJewish communities in Palestine, i-"- or the rights and political status enBE INDEPENDENT country."other joyed in any by Jews So Profitable! Vocation No Other

It is govTAYLOR the British that to be hoped ENROLL NOW the act admirable will upon ernment

For a Complete Course at the COMPANY & invite Lytton, of suggestion and Lord is the time to think of to This and a deputation of Arabs Jews

London for a round table conference. School Rings and Pins. We Qulsh School of Beauty Culture

In this way, further violence may be can furnish you with these The Best in the West averted and the British government articles. Refinement of de304-9 Ezra Thompson Bldg.

"will be able to ascertain how far the SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH two communities can cooperate with sign and quality makes us For Further Information each other."an outstanding Manufacand Catalog Call

turer. Wasatch 7560 or

5123 Phone Was.

City, fciStyWiP Salt162 So. Main St. Fill Couponin This Lake Utah

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain YOUR TOWN ( Continued from page 602 has a their own wickiups in their place of

Dealer Selling estrangement from the tribe.

UTAH IsABEKiSS and his NavFor your ajos planned for quick and vigorous all reprisals, plans those but were trip! motor

arshort cut rudely the sudden by scenic plan, listing Aberdeen Coal Personal trip wonders, hotels, camps, sent freel rival of Kit Carson and a division of to want you when telling where and Just troops. States Kit began United travel complete postpaid, mail you, go.

in America North anywhere Wewrite,for willmotor plan drivthe rounding Navajos and up Elaborate maps obligation! charge, tripno of—free trip, with entire for like ing of sheep herds them away and routes best your

latestmarkedroad.. conditionshotel and to stay three years in a bull pen near

rates Fe, with Santa Mexico. camp New COAL hisscenic, to guide of part the a Since becoming spiral-.toric.. sights—alllists,

especially up book, made Touraide into States before, years twenty United Also Conoco maps. unfolding Eliminates for you.

recexpense card, identification with Passport these broken Navajos two had request. information on A sport Fishing, Buy the best by ords.bound

to now Write Oil Co. Continental of service treaties with the government, and

in a embroiled again had become TRAVEL BUREAU 1 requesting CONOCO

DENVER, COLORADO of the with making war their own DEPT. 80

Mexicans and Pueblos to the Southradio the Conoco program Hear east. distant was quite That war Sunday. every with Carveth Wells ABERDEE little in his Tsabekiss from Navajo to m., 6:30 7:00 Station p. KSL,

Produced by Salt Lake City. estate at the foot of the Navajo

Mountain, but it had been started

Independent Coal & by his people, and he and his neighCoke Co. borsroundup.were included in Kit Carson's

Carson drove the Navajos away by the thousands. Those who escaped the farflung arm of his grapeshot cavalry, hid away wherever

distance or remoteness offered safety. Their empty country beckoned loudly to the disgruntled HELP YOURSELF dozen from the mutinous dregs of

the PahUtes north of the San Juan river. their squaws and their With and Your Friends... left this disgruntled papooses dozen

the thousand of their people and crossed with exultant yell to the south side of the river for wider

USE abandonedrange and Navajogreater territory.freedom in the

Once on the south side with few to oppose them, these PahUte renegades turned by native instinct to Utah Beet Sugar the remote Navajo Mountain and took quick root in its ready soil.

Bigmouth Mike was still the leading spirit of these twelve runaway

PahUtes, and Chee was one of his chief supporters.

This unusual dovetailing of events stripped the wild elevation of its plantcumbering Navajo stock, and The BEST the place thereof ed in the most lawless faction of the most lawless tribe in the West—a disaffected facFor All Purposes tion of the disaffected PahUtes.

Some strange fate had ordered this ancient cradle of anarchy to bring forth and send abroad its true stock of primeval savages.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Save Your In this way it came about thatChee and his two PahUte squaws Child's Eyes...

propagated among the twelve PahGlaring lights ruin

Ute deserters in Navajo Mountain his eyesight. Dima breed of men that were to hold

out half a century in rebellion lights cause eye strain.

against the United States.

One of Chee's women was wiry Buy A Good I. E. S.

and slender, the other one heavy Approved Lamp and slow. About the year -1 867 they Today

brought forth to their lord two howlIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIII1IIIIIIHIIIIIIIII1II ing little sons with deep black eyes and straight dark hair. Neither the Good lighting costs so

father nor the mothers saw any need little to preserve the date of this trivial iiiiiiiiiimiiimimiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiii event; in fact they had no name or

number for any day or month of the Utah Power & year. It remained therefore for the

unrecorded little savages to register Light Co.

their own existence in terms sufficiently positive to demand personal attention from the big government at Washington.

Each Mrs. Chee could cinch atorturing native saddle on a sore and THIS MAN'S IDEA

protesting cayuse, load that saddlewith pelts and blankets, and on the IS PROVING A BLESSING top thereof she could arrange sacks of ticabba (food) and quarters ofvenison to a prodigious height. On TO FOLKS WHO NEED

each side of this cargo she would hang two or three wicker jugs ofwater and lash on a dozen tent poles MONEY to drag behind. Astride of this

camelhump abnormity she would ride in state with her vociferous inBy P. H. GRAHAM ENJOY BIG CASH

is story. true I a in hisfant jolting on along cohin EARNINGS THIS

this personally, know man is There really difnothingher back. I of know folks he many Any plan. ficult this about has helped. I of widows know

spare with or some woman frisky man notion her pony Whatever with children to support who money start making can time thank for their him learnincomes. entertained, soon he havemay in right Evten immediately.

I of know lost their men who carefully enjoy unto can slowly locality you anded your move own jobs, are but making now more earnings. big cash surprisingly household herder before. ever than money I Mrs. and Chee can

fill out to sincerely ask I you tell of you and men who women directfurniture. the took most She don't coupon. the You mail and live better because of opthe

risk any yourself or obligate their to campground, nextcourse this portunity gives man them will receive commoney. You

their to add Yes, incomes. lord go to might her matter whereno have details mail. You plete by I of literally know of hundreds

right start to opportunity anfor the adventure. or new At game folks to this man's idea whom you have the money and away

of doing business has a been little with cohin the leaned shecamp in. cerIt will need coming

Godsend. a this give to tainly you pay tree,its fretful unagainst a tenant loaded the heavyburdened cayuse, DO YOU NEED MONEY? addresstrial. Betteron the sitcoupondownor anda pennywritepostcardyour nameand mailand

once. reat it to this wickiup manput and prepared up the

you, Perhaps too, are in urgent of need money Pres. MILLS, ALBERT to lord. pressing meet for bills. her tiredfreshment You spare may have some

Cincinnati, Ohio Ave., Monmouth S706 time want you turn to cash. into will Then you

to write this at once. will There man be no tender want the mother padded Each

obligation your part. on will tell write and about He

ruffled of son with her little a wonderfulbody plan for he helping has you.

President He milliondollar large a manucloth (forcedar she bark had no

President MILLS, company. in every business ALBERT does section Heof

indiapers) laced she him his facturingof the when locality. your very started He Cincinnati, Ave., Ohio Monmouth isCountry—in S706

years It idea. some ago with this: said, an was He the cradleboard.hard under From can spare I have I "I'll some time help in people worthy are of need who money.

obligation, Without please tell me about proven businessbuilding plans shall to be given the money. as My of that cradleboardrude and need extra awning

for helping me. your plan deserving so they, too, have can prosmoney."He theshe rode, papoose gazed away pered. business His suctremendously most became

over her pony's tail at the ridges and cessfulAnd todayfollowingit is stillthesegrowing.practicalRight"Goldennow heRule"needsplans.300 Name

in all parts of and to men the Country. women destined after awhile Hecanyons Address

needs in help section one some to handle your the at intense sheltergive him welcome business there. everyone his offer accepts To who he

fair, square opporamazing deal and an as highintervals in his stormy career when tunityguaranteesto makea this (This offer not good outside the U. S.) as in a week in $42.50

(Continued on page 640) pleasant, dignified manner.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBEk, 1936

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain (Continued from page 639)

the wrath of dishonored law reached angrily after him.

Turned loose to wallow in the dirt even before they were weaned, the little copper urchins took on a deeper shade of brown, and under the driving sun their hair bleached out in a dirty green. Lord Chee fondled his

nude little cubs and called one of them Sowagerie which means greenhair.

Sowagerie, the son of the slender woman, was in later years to become

Posey, but that is an English word which had never yet been spoken in Fluctuating autumn temperatures—cold the wild mountain.

morning's, balmy days—put extra demands no Thevestigetwoofcubsharnessracedto thehamperhills theirwith

on your engine. More than ever it needs squirrels,motion andtoughtheyasbecamecoyotes.quickWithas

their rude little bows and arrows oil that spreads they answered the lure of the big double protection—it needs

wilderness, exploring its dens and instantly on metal when cold, and also resists shooting at its life or its shadows.

They committed no sins, for nothburning up under highest engine temperaing was forbidden. No haunting

spectre was raised before them of a indolent too unsanitary. or life too tures. The new improved Vico gives this

off rolled their sheepskins They they morning, in the got ready when double early, always they hunted and and protection—surely and economically.

Change now to Vico. Refinerysealed in cans. playedger or wearinesswhere theybroughtpleasedthemtill backhunto the wickiup.

They heard no orders to wash their hands or their faces, no exhortation to comb their hair, to put on

UTAH OIL REFINING CO. noor tobooks,take offno anylessons,clothes.no teachers,They hadno

Hundreds of Service Stations and Dealers in Utah and Idaho chores, no morals, no commandments. One day was as good as

Manufacturer of Pep 88 Gasoline any other to them, and every day

Distributors of Atlas Tires, Batteries, Accessories... and Stanolind a holiday. They howled to it their Products.

uncouth goodmorning or their thoughtless goodnight, never dreaming what stern realities this iiiimiimiiiiiiiMMimiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiumiiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiiiiiniH: flood of days would bring.

Old Chee was an ideal father, his wives ideal mothers; not because CONFERENCE

they had superior methods with GRAINS children, nor because they had any VISITORS methods at all, but because they had We cordially invite you to visit OF GOLD the happy faculty to mind their own our store. Special courtesies exbusiness and to refrain from medtended to missionaries. WHOLESOME dling with the natural development

for this of the little In return boys.

privilege, the unusual two brothers SHAPIRO TRUNK 1 A HOLEWHEATDelicious Dish theCEREALEntire 1 & BAG CO. 1 Family Will Enjoy carried the standards of that Nav152 Main Street Salt Lake City | Western made for western trade. | ajoMountain home against the

1 Your local grocer will supply | United States, maintaining their

Utah's Largest Dealer in I you. 1 own unwritten statutes with a perGRAINS OF Luggage and Leather Goods 1 GOLD CO. sistency to be admired though not Salt Lake

|iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiitiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiKtniti; commended.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 193 6

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain Juicy fresh fruits give

JLhe twelve deserters from the PahUtes north of the ROYAL DESSERTS

San Juan River, ravaged the empty

Navajo country during all the yearsthe Navajos waited in their bull pen REAL FRUITY near Santa Fe or hid elsewhere from

Kit Carson and his troops. When FLAVOR

the captive Navajos returned, reduced and impoverished from their humiliating confinement, these dozen it's a flavor that only nature can produce.... tempting,renegade PahUtes, grown insolent AND

and chesty from the fat of the Navrefreshing, naturallike.

ajo land, refused to move a peg in But Royal is wholesome too. It's made of pure, grade-A gelatin.

the direction of their own country. Why not enjoy a Royal fruitflavored dessert today?

Old Tsabekiss, the big Navajo, came back from his imprisonment at There are 7 delicious flavors: Strawberry, Raspberry, Cherry, Orange,

Santa Fe to find these twelve inLemon, Lime and Pineapple. Get several packages. You'll enjoy

truders claiming the very heart of them all.

his former estate. The PahUte

outlaws laughed at his threats and his pleadings, compelling him to accept the poor fringe of territory they had left him, and he hated them with L. D. S. GARMENTSnew energy for every hardship his ALL SEASONS FOR entailed. quarters Hiscramped

line of L. D. S. Garments Selected from our extensive we suggest the followingbrother, Tsa, the PahUte all wear. for whom seasons numbers

died captured, had had onceband best numwool Style, ribbed Our New?2.75 old style.. ber. Men's Cotton. sellingnew or Combed AnIt. excelwgt. pen, in the bullof tuberculosis weight Light and No. 1 lent Ladies'$.80 No. 6 number garment,

the strong men who used to be his No. 2 Old Style, ribbed It. wgt. Ladies'new or old style 1.00

neighbors and his tribesmen were No. 3 cotton,Ribbed ourmed.standardwgt. garmentcotton, 1.00 No. 7 AutumnLight weightgarment.SpringMen onlyand 1.00

reduced and scattered, leaving him ber.bleached.Men'sOurnewall seasonor old numstyle 1.45 No. 8 only,Light newweightstylesilkonlyfor ladies 1.00

with little help and few nearneigh- No. 4 Ribbed heavy weight unNo. 9 Medium wgt. silk for women,

bors. bleachedback number.cotton. Men'sOur doublenew or No. 10 newMen'sstylenewonlystyle silk- 1.25-1.501.50

The twelve intruders returned all No. 5 oldPartstylewool, ribbed unbleached. 1.50 No. 11 wgt.Ladies'partnewwool,or oldsilkstylestripe....med. 1.95

his antipathy with interest. Such In ordering, be sure to specify whether old or new style garments, short legs and

grudging respect as they gave to his sleevesto insureor perfectankle lengthfit. legs, are wanted. Also give bust measure, height and weight

limited privilege, was inspired only Keep This Number of Magazine for Reference

Headquarters Utah Blanket nation at his back. fear of the bigby Ladies'Dresses and Suits Coats, Suits, Top Men's

Prices. the big Navajo, for If Tsabekiss, Write elsewhere. had See our Pure VirginbeforeWool Blankets,buying

been able to fire his destitute people FACTORY TO YOU—THE ORIGINAL

with the full measure of his own thesewrath, have driven he would MILLS 24 Richards Street Manager WOOLEN lashBriant UTAHStringham, severe parasitestwelve with

Gate Block South of Tabernacle South OneHalfings back to their own side of the Salt Lake City, Utah river.

The Navajos, so lately whipped and frightened into an inferiority little snarl tolerated this ofcomplex, Judge Alfred Budge being, just as for the timePahUtes busy folks tolerate a nest of hornets Reelect him which they dread to disturb. Alsothese defiant little PahUte hornets Justice of the Supreme

at the foot of Navajo Mountain, Court ot Idaho....

breathed out awful threats about what their invincible braves north of the river would do to the Navajos "His splendid record of efficient and if they drove the twelve deserters faithful service should assure his reback into the crowded country from election."

which they came.

However helpless Tsabekiss was A native son of Idaho. A son of the late

to inspire his own Navajo people President William Budge.

with the full degree of his own wrath, he did succeed in passing it Paid Political Advertising (Continued on page 642).

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 19 36

Outlaw of territory, the big Navajo, Tsabekiss, 1 The In his narrow fringe of anaemic a band flock of sheep built up a and Mountain Navajo realizing substanLeave Your Films j (Continued from page 641) of horses, besides tial returns from the blankets woven in If squaw. by his resourceful

little interest son, to his with prosperity enstruggling he up to with Us for Fine i onBitseel. absorbed This Navajo boy

his then on croached and now all the his father's for animosity apthieving neighbors and PahUte renegade generated and PahUtes Finishing Photo to failed j propriated they whatever his of the despised own. more He

it a but guard continually, was when a chance for a never know You at infernal of parasites whole gang will turn snapshot good answer to their unscrupulous up—that's wickiups, the why the but for two Chee logical to keep idea splendid your Kodak it's a rapacity. handy. to (later boys, Sowagerie become

extheir years'In three that though, your monopoly know, always You ) his brother, a he and nursed Posey treatment will good posed of the the twelve country PahUtes idea it's splendid a from whyreceive ferment acid with which more grew here. leaving of them habit us—that'sintofilmsthe to get for their should rich, yet have grown for biting every increased he pound

to big they advantage had show in weight. his age, were They own Enlarging, Too Do We of flock cayuses, only a few sorry a his better into they fitted and world

say so ourselves, do we make And, goats, loudsmelling and "gumpno in else of fancy the than anyone big prints. attractive ifmightywe some A

profitable care to take of anyat glance wickiups. our latest samples will convince i in his tion"them He fought that. you of thing. Tsabekiss Navajo When dreams. cherished ambition His

was to pay them back double measbegan to thrive on his poor, narrow

EASTMAN urehad forimposedeveryonhardshiphis father'stheirhouse.people allowance,Utes told eachthe twelveother renegadeand their Pahchil-

dren that he was enriching himself

The PahUtes gormandized on at their expense.

every of their stroke fortune good

Sowagerie ( Posey ) and his Jvoaak with of never a thought the morrow.

Inbred indolence impelled them to brother hated Navajo Tsabekiss all the superior "hateability"STORES, Inc. squander every advantage they with

gained, sinking always back to their inherited from their Jiateful proWasatch 5292 genitors, 155 Main Street big for the Navajo's but fixed plane of poverty like water to Salt Lake City, Utah Bitseel, son, they an especially had its level.

'-)ot'(>oi The Navajos, reduced and imstrong brand of antipathy. Bitseel,

poverished by their torturing captivbeing on their own agelevel, they

M—ii—II——ti<—M——.N——ii——|i——ii—it—n——<u—iiity, found it necessary to steal or focussed their eyes on him with

to starve. Surrounded on the north, greater frequency, and their delight

i the east, and the south by the Pahwas to "make bad medicine"for

Complete tooUtes,impoverishedby Kit Carson,to payandforbydespoiltribes himWithin alleagerthe gameshandstheyandplayed.gnawing

ing, they saw but one way open appetites, Tsabekiss and all his Navwith promise: the way across the ajo people guarded their scanty raBanking Colorado River and over the Kaibab tions from the PahUtes in general,

to the Mormon settlements of but with religious vigilance they all they had from the twelve Service.. Southern Utah. From the Mormon guarded

settlements they drove home herds invading parasites at the Mountain.

The generala f<rorwar < I ofthemlivestockevery usefuland broughtthing theyback couldwith Botheyes fortribeswhateverwatchedtheywithmightcovetousdemovement in business find. vour. A traveler along the San

finds this strong conservFrom the twelve thieving PahJuan between them would have been

Ute intruders at Navajo Mountain as a lamb between two wolves.

ative bank cooperating and from the mother tribe of these With no big empty territory in with its clients in every PahUte renegades, north of the which to hunt, no one handy to river, the Navajos felt it their sacred plunder, and no ambition to dig their possible way. Our comduty to steal everything they could bread from the ground, the PahUte

plete service includes possibly get away with in safety, intruders grew more poor, more ragcommercial and savings but this was only in the hope of ged, more ravenous. Navajo Tsasquaring accounts for what the bekiss watched the camp of the

accounts, trusts, abstracts PahUtes were continually taking twelve parasites with growing misand safe deposit boxes. from them. trust, and the twelve watched him

Navajo industry was not confined for everything they could filch from

in every night. betwelve these runaways avenue open Yet u CO. faithfully TRUST TTrpU AiUuLa SAVINGS 8C to stealing, however, for they toiled his herds or his camp by day or by gain. for the and fore them held to the had Mountain Navajo They Street 235 South Main

enviable faculty of absorbing the its poverty, fearing to claim place

Member Federal Reserve System essence of prosperity from their again among the main tribe of the

Member Federal Deposit neighbors, and of then becoming PahUte people from whom they

Insurance Fund more prosperous than those neighhad broken away.

i n M l II- -H—ll IIbors. This feud had begun, and it had lt ||-.!! i m i—II

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

The Outlaw of Navajo Mountain It's all a matter BUT OFFICER been aggravated in its proportions of upkeep MY BATTERY IS between big Navajo, Tsabekiss, and OVERCHARGED the twelve PahUte deserters. All IF ANYTHING \

the adult members of this lopsided quarrel had cherished other feuds with other men in various situations of their lives before, and might sometime discard all this for quarrels more up to date.

But with the big Navajo's son,

Bitseel, and with the two Chee boys, BELIEVE IT OR NOT, battery overcharged anit NavajoThis was all different. lights, cause dim may

their been rumpus hadMountain starting and slow cradle—they had imbibed its poison ignition! (Checkingpoor

in their mother's milk. It colored your battery for overtheir bloodstream. They were the derchargecharge as wellis justas oneunready seedbed where the virile of 6 battery services inspawn of the dispute sent roots deep cluded in every Shelinto the fertile soil. The strong lubrication job.)

toxin of all this commotion clung to these impressionable boys, for the precocious Bitseel was the most agin unitgressive the hogon of the big 28 carmakers and Shell engineers (Posey) Greenhair andNavajo, the most aspiring spirit in the Pahlite wickiups. together produce "foolproof"upkeep

Yet up to this time the PahUte prince (Posey) had never combed SHELLUBRICATION is a new kind like cleaning the windows... vachis sunfaded locks, and no one had of lubrication service. It repreuuming or brushing out the inside

done it for him. Also it was but sents the combined knowledge of of your car...eliminating squeaks...

recently that he had felt a strange Shell experts and the engineers for checking the battery, radiator, tires necessity for wearing a shirt reachFord, Chevrolet, Plymouth and 25 and lights. Drive in and find out

ing to his knees instead of to his other car manufacturers. more about it.

waist. Nothing can be overlooked—

IHE bleak winter wind nothing can be done improperly.

of 1 879 moaned over the mesas and Shellubrication uses 11 to 16 differfoothills Southeast of Navajo Mounent specified lubricants; 8 approved

tain. It whispered with chilly kinds of "guns."Each step of the

breath in the dozen PahUte wickiwork is double - checked on the ups at the base of the cliff, driving Shellubrication chart receipt. You

the smelly, sagebrush smoke back get one copy. Another is kept at

mocking through the flue anddown record. the dull the station—a permanent as it crouched byat hunger

fire. And Shellubrication includes

Gaunt, miserable horses, humped helpful free upkeep services. Things

with the cold, gnawed feebly at dry grassroots along the bare hillside, and high above them on the perilous ledge of the cliff, a flock of spotted goats ventured untrodden shelves in search of browse. A LITTLE LIGHT

Keen ears harked in the wickiups little light on your insurance will undoubtto the moaning wind outside—hark- A

ed for a sound other than the wind, edly reveal the fact that you are greatly under- a sound more welcome. The keen insured. Think what it would mean if fire

ears marked that sound while it was destroyed your property.

still distant and dim. It was the

sound of hoofs—Mike was returnCO.ing—Mike the bigmouthed PahUTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE

Ute renegade leader. He had been See out agent in your town

down to spy on the flocks of Tsa6c CO, General Agents, Salt Lake Citybekiss the Navajo for some opening HEBER J. GRANT

(Continued on page 644) THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 643)

to steal a pony, or better still, a ument Valley to the east, and had way they came. He and his hateful

mutton. He brought good news crossed the mesa to the hogon of son, Bitseel, were following them,

his hoofbeats betrayed it. Tsabekiss. The white men had a watching them from cover. TsaThirteen - year - old Sowagerie good outfit—six splendid horses, bekiss intended to enrich himself on

( Posey ) peered eagerly under the new saddles, flour, bacon, sugar. these white men as some of his peoragged flap at the doorway—his They had money, too, for they ple had done with other white

father, old Chee, with two others bought corn from the Navajos for travelers farther south.

had already gone out to hear the their horses. Tsabekiss had deterMike's report set all the twelve

report. mined they should not be seen by PahUte renegades astir. They

Bigmouth Mike gesticulated exthe men of the PahUte wickiups; caught unwilling ponies from the

citedly: Two white men had come he had refused them water that hillside; they saddled and mounted

up from the monuments of Monhe might turn them back the and rode in a jostling tangle of hurry up the hill. Only the squaws stayed

behind, the squaws and the chilcolts with While You Have the Opportunity brotherdren. Sowagerierode halfbroken(Posey) and his

no pretense at saddles, and only rawhide strings on the horses'jaws Modernize Your Roof With for bridles.

Away over the hills they hurried, F.H.A.MONEY towseled hair and ragged blankets

THREE YEARS TO PAY—LOW INTEREST RATES fluttering in the wind. Their hoofs

You need not leave your home. Our representative will call, submit sugplowed the dust or beat the frozen

gestions, make estimates, provide for financing and make all necessary earth as the sun sank low in a blue arrangements without obligation to you. mist. Pintos and buckskins lately

Call or Write | humped with the cold, reeked with

CORPORATION AMERICAN heat and exertion as they raced ASPHALT ROOF 1674 BECK ST., SALT LAKE CITY | down a fork of Lagoona Creek. WASATCH 2663

They caught glimpses of the big

What You Should Expect of a Governor

A man who will direct the business affairs of the State with the same care that he would his own business.

A man who would keep expenditures in line with income.

A man who would keep property taxes as low as possible so that you could consistently own your own home.

A man who would give proper attention to child welfare and to the education of your children.

A man who would take care of the problems of the needy.

THESE THINGS GOVERNOR BLOOD HAS GIVEN

TO YOU.

Reelect Him and Secure the Things You Expect in a Governor

(Paid Political Advertisement by State Democratic Committee)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN Navajo and his son, Bitseel, slinking Sowagerie ( Posey ) and his brother, along a sandwash, but they prein this memorable night, registered tended not to see and drove eagerly deep impressions which were to on over an alkali flat. The two carry with them through a long and

white men, greatly alarmed at the checkered career. The chill of the

hostile demonstration behind, struck winter night gripped at their halfup a desperate gait, hoping to keep naked bodies and at last they built out of reach till night should cover a fire in a carefullyselected depresthem. sion from which no glimmer could

Tsabekiss the Navajo and his son be seen at a distance. They feared

had been careful to give no alarm the Navajos had found the coveted by getting in the sight of the two outfit—they longed for the light of

white men, and they expected the day.

men would camp by the big rocks Tsabekiss the Navajo had planat Kleebetow and be easy victims in ned to take the horses while the the darkness. When the white men men slept, and then to rob their

saw the PahUtes riding madly tocamp while they hunted for their wards them, they passed Kleebetow horses. Something deep in the old

on a big lope and urged their panting man's heart recoiled from plotting horses up the lofty steeps to the east. with his son for a deliberate murder.

the rimReaching of the upper mesa the parasite Mike, capPah-Ute its prairie,with sagebrush they tain, scrupled at nothing. had He

into the night beforewhipped away in quicker the SINCLAIR-//? a mind of doing way

Bigmouth Mike and his ravening job, a way in which he would make

Pahlite pack could observe which sure of the prize if ever he reached direction they took. it, day or night.

Mike and his mob of eager Pah- 1 isICUtes belabored their thin ponies up WIN the hill in the gathering gloom, and In that gray December Take a tip from Mr. Squirrel. Be

behind them came the Navajo, Tsamorning the PahUtes scattered to prepared for winter weather. Your

bekiss, and his inevitable son, Bitthe hilltops scanning the country, seel, balked in their purpose and and then they struck a line north and car manufacturer recommends that hissing, "Devil! Snakeskin!"but south looking for tracks. They these services be performed now:

still hopeful by good use of their found tracks and signaled their wits to be the winners in the game. scattered numbers together: six big, 1. Transmission and Differential

Night had descended on the sageshod horses had gone East, and drained, flushed, and refilled.

brush when the two rival outfits after those six horses, two small reached the top, and they bent low barefooted ponies. 2. Front wheels lubricated.

over their saddles looking for tracks. Off the PahUtes dashed in a 3. Crankcase drained, flushed,

They listened, they gazed intently jostling knot like wolves on a fresh and refilled.

at the distant gloom, hoping to catch scent. Maybe the big Navajo had

a flicker of light. They saw darkdecided to do the job in the Pah- 4. Radiator cleaned.

only, already turned way,ness nothing. Ute and had heard and

into hiding big 5. Antifreeze put in. the six with father Navajos, two The and son, off

moved quietly off out of hearing, horses and the flour and the bacon 6. Chassis lubricated.

the sugar. the all events and At to theirperhaps work way carefully

or 7. Battery tested. overtake must him PahUtes in ofaround head and the PahUtes

hurry onward towards the monutheir long ride would be in vain. 8. Spark Plugs cleaned and adments; the white men had come up Whips and heels forced those justed.

that way and would no doubt return foamflecked PahUte ponies five on their tracks. miles at racing speed over the fresh WIN A CAR A WEEK—or one of

"Tooish apane!"(Hurry) urged trail before they caught sight of their 120 other valuable prizes awarded

Bigmouth, the PahUte leader, at Navajo rival and his son. Apparfree, each week, in the Sinclair-"Red"

the same time warning all hands, ently the two Navajos had hunted Grange Football Radio Contest.

the Chee boys in particular, to make all night: their horses staggered with Entry blank free.

no noise at all. They turned Southweariness. Up to them and out

east across the mesa, riding single around them in an exulting string file for hours without a word above rode the eager PahUte pack.

a whisper. When Mike stopped, "Chinde! Chinde!"cursed the See your neighborhood Sinclair

all his renegade following came to a Navajo boy, Bitseel, in agony of Dealer today.

halt: Surely they had passed the exasperation, but the PahUtes grinwhite men—they would wait—wait ned their victorious contempt and

if necessary till morning and then Sowagerie (Posey) ran his tongue cut across the country for tracks. in exultant disdain at his detested

They watched, they listened while rival as he flew by.

the stars moved slowly over them. (Continued on page 646)

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

THE OUTLAW OF NAVAJO MOUNTAIN (Continued from page 645)New Classes From the rim of the mesa the Slowly and hatefully Bigmouth

STARTING EACH WEEK lathering gang of PahUtes saw the Mike grunted. "You lie. You are

desperate white men at the foot of hunting the pishleki, (the fabulous the hill eastward below them. The Navajo silver mine) and you have

two had stopped to drink and fill your horses loaded with silver."

their canteens at the hogan of an- "You can have all those rocks,"other Navajo, Huskaniny, and they said the boy, hurriedly, depreciathurried on again as soon as possible ing all his samples to nothing in towards the monuments. value.

Bigmouth and his greedy Pah- "You have been eating our little

Ute pack could hardly wait to reach bit of grass and drinking our little the bottom, and they tortured their bit of water,"Mike pursued agcayuses again into a run and forced gressively.

them to keep up the gait till they "There is no grass, and we buy overtook the fleeing men. The big corn for our horses."

Navajo and his son toiled persist- "You paid the Navajos for the

Positions for Graduates ently after them, and Huskaninycorn, now pay me for the water. I 379 calls for received office help so far this year

—The Best Employment Record in the School's begay (son of Huskaniny), joined want a hundred dollars for the water

History the other two Navajos to see how drunk by these six big horses."

Efficient training in all commercial subjects.

A select list of places available for girls to work the mad race would terminate. Mitchel eyed him in astonishfor board and room It was about the last day of the ment—the great coarse mouth with Call, write for catalog or phone

VISITORS WELCOME year, 1879, when John Myric, middle the two long even rows of teeth

IT PAYS TO GET THE BEST aged, and Herndon Mitchel, twenthe uncompromising tone of insolent tytwo years old, passed Huskandemand—he hesitated for an aniny's hogon near El Capitan with swer.

them. redeyed behind the PahUtes tobacco,"of a chew "Give meHENAGER

talk to younger The man could his grin great ordered, the BigmouthBUSINESS COLLEGE older Indians, the underbut man if soften be to as he seeming might 45 E. Broadway

it. Was. 2753 stood of none it off in for could turning a joke, he "THE SCHOOL WITH SIX WORLD RECORDS"

stout, with short Indian Mike, and in the of a plug end see the square massive neck and ponderous mouth, boy's hippocket. The two halfwas the personification of insolence. clad Chee boys, with two more of

Sell Greeting Cards Portraying the TRUE Spirit of Never in all his life did Mike have their Pahute gang, watched Mike in

and that gang of PahUte parasites Utes held the attention of Myric, CHRISTmas capacity for anything but insolence, rapt attention, while the other PahOur Bos of 24 DeLuxe Scripture Text Folders Is, withfollowed him as wolves follow the the older of the two white men, prebest value value out doubt, market. on the the A $1.75

sent postpaid boxes, to you for 60c. Two or more 50c most aggressive wolf in their pack. tending to have a great lot to say.

containing Boxes, lovely 4 each Cards each. For 15 bigright that close behind and And Tsabekiss and three Navajos, The sight. Folders, sell send on orders They now! Take $1.00. the as leader two he rode, mouthed Pa. of Huskaniny, CO., Shepherdstown, the son his sonSHEPHERD'S CARD and TOWN

Chee boys, towselheaded and savfollowed near enough behind to agely raw in appearance with their watch the whole procedure.

sleeveless filthy shirts, gulped down Mitchel took the order for toimpressions every from word grin, deceitful he bacco, along with the HEADQUARTERS every made. spoke, from move he rift in the a friendly to be For Latterday Saints With wide eyes and sagging jaws clouds, and leaning forward indarkthe

for the followed crowning they him his in his thrust saddle he hand Garments in act big the they drama. What little of the for that hippocket end TO FROM FACTORY YOU itself large that wrote day saw Solicit to It Orders Your Mail far in plug. hard and We down was

their standards for the years to 88. Ladies'No. Men's and into a himself get, and he writhed Style Lt.New Wt. $.65 come.

89. Ladies'No. Med. pistolhand posture, Men's Wt. with his and helpless

New Style of the 81. of the Mitchel, No. Style younger two Old Heavy Double Wt. action. what Mike This was exactly

1.50 Back as men, knees he touched and their for, Styles 87. and planned Lt. 85 No. had anticipated Old Wt. and New

ed Yarn, Extra Fine 85 "O, just looking around,"Mitchel head.

Specify ordering bust, trunk your when style, length, or old whether and and answered. Turning sharply at the sound of new

ifAnywheremen's orin theladies'.United WeStates.Pay Postage "Looking for what? What are the pistol, Myric saw his companion

you going to take out of here?"fall, and he struck spurs to his weary

rehorse for a quick dash over the hill. MOSE LEWIS "Nothing,"and then Mitchel

14 SO. MAIN ST. membered the samples he had in his It was a hopeless effort. Mike fired

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH panniers, samples of silver ore from at him before he got his jaded

Please mention seeing this Ad in this the ledge which had lured them into horse into action, and Myric rode Magazine the reservation. away with an ugly wound.

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA, OCTOBER, 1936

Navajo Mountain

As Mitchel doubled over the saddle-horn and fell to the ground, part "Have you of the avaricious gang of PahUtes stopped his horse and the four packhorses, eager to seize upon everything their big haul was to include. heard the news?"

While part of them chased Myric over the hill, the others gathered round the dying Mitchel on the sand, and despoiled him of everything which would help to fill the yawning jaws of their poverty. Every night after 7 and all hours every Sunday,

From the top of the hill the Pahlong distance telephone rates are reduced on stationUtes sent more bullets after the fleeto-station and personto-person calls.

ing white man and he returned their fire as he rode, even though he could (Reductions include allratecallsis overfor 35c.)which day stationtostation

see none of them over the summit.

After riding four miles on his failing Whose voice would you like to hear?

horse his pain became unbearable and he stopped on one side of the monument which is known as The The Mountain States Tel. & Tel. CompanyMitten. The ravenous pack of PahUte parasites found him there

among the rocks. They hovered like

so many starving vultures around him, snuffed out the last spark of AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO.

his life, and stripped him to the Seventh Floor McCornick Building SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH skin.

Tsabekiss the big Navajo and his PURCHASERS OF son got nothing. They viewed the Gold, Silver, Lead and Copper Ore and Smelter Products

naked bodies of the two men, and screwed their hatred up to greater Consign all ore shipments to:

intensity. American Smelting and Refining Company

The PahUte victors returned in Ship Lead Ores to Murray Plant, Murray, Utah glorious triumph to the wickiups at Ship Copper and Silicious Ores to Garfield Plant, Garfield, Utah the base of the cliff by Navajo

Mountain where they announced a Address correspondence as follows:

high carnival and reveled three days AMERICAN SMELTING & REFINING CO, 700 McCornick Building in the most extravagant style their plunder afforded. Then they lapsed

back to their chronic state of privation, though they gloated still over the glorious deed and the easy gain.

It was a choice story to tell generaService tions of papooses yet unborn.

A month later when fourteen Above white men came hunting their dead, the Navajos told them who had done the murder and led them to the skeletons. The twelve PahUte SALT LAKEparasites insisted with equal firmness that the killing had been done

by the Navajos. PROVO

The most important feature of the whole murderous achievement, is OGDEN that no one ever answered for it to the law. That is what made it an PRICE

especially cherished memory in the wickiups. PAYSON

And yet it widened the breach between the twelve PahUte intruders NEPHI and their Navajo neighbors, making

PahUte life at the mountain more difficult and more dangerous than it before. beenhad ever Continued) DESERET MORTUARY CO. be (To

LET'S SAY IT CORRECTLY KEEPING UP WITH THE BABY

first it is spelled; in is the the as sounds syllable and Inquiry—

is i 4*WVVThat's"Theythe ideahave ofadoptedthe Greensa FrenchtakingbabyFrenchandlessons?"want to if spelled as kwir second syllable with the pronounced

as in ice—'the accent falls on this syllable; the final y has the understand what it says when it begins to talk."TitBits.

sound of i as in the word it. Now, don't hesitate to pronounce

the long i as in ice in the second syllable; you are correct when QUARRELSOME COUPLE

you do so. TIThy did you leave your last position?'inquired the

Accessories—those soessential factors to the welldressed prospective employer.

woman are pronounced thus: ak, a as in at; ses—accented—"I just couldn't stand the way the master and the missus

and e as in met; o as the first o in oration; ris with the i as in it. used to quarrel. It went on all the time. When it wasn't me

Note the k sound of the first c. and him, it was me and her."

Mountains.—about which we all think and talk and sing so

much: moun—accented; tins with the i as in it. $

A LETTER FROM "HAVILAH"Sister Hannah Miller, age ninetytwo, who lives in "Havilah, where there is gold", and concerning whom

President Nicholas G. Smith of the California Mission wrote

in our July issue, has sent the following response:

Havilah, California, Via Caliente,

Sunday, August 16, 1936.

My dear Brother and Sister Smith:

I have thought of writing a few lines to say how much I appreciate the visit yourself and wife with others of the Bakersfield Latterday Saints made me—it was a pleasant remembrance in my mind which comes and goes almost daily—and EDUCATIONAL LIMITATIONS

again I wish to add my thanks for my picture and sketch of "TTow soon shall I know anything after I come out of the my life in the Improvement Era. As I read it I felt that a A * anesthetic?"

great blessing had been conferred on me; it is the true Com- "Well, that's expecting a lot from an anesthetic."—Boy's

forter of a Latterday Saint which helps me in my old age Life.

and lonely life. Yet I am not alone. I feel that a higher

power is watching over me. I read the Liahona and have THOSE LOOSE ENDS

I close, will and pray books. of the God to Church many that our ends,'destiny shapes ii a npHERE's in until the honest in missionary works bless high your you

* Pete. told,"said are So we in. gathered heart been have

lends that there that one were "I would sincerely, Yours meet."to aid them make Us Miller. (Signed) Hannah Transcript.—Boston of Christ in of the Jesus Gospel

Latterday Saints. HEARD IN PASSING

AN ENTHUSIASTIC ERA DIRECTOR WRITES: *'7V lot of laymen have queer ideas about banking."

Sept. 7, 1936. ** "So have a lot of bankers."Buffalo Evening News.

Improvement The Era WHAT A COINCIDENCE! Salt City, Utah. Lake

Dear Brethren: Magician (to small boy he has called on stage): "Now,

WISH to advise you the Burley Stake will need at least forty my boy, you have never seen me before, have you?"

I more receipt books before the campaign is over. The Burley Little Boy: "No, Daddy."

least sixteen will use at Second Ward more receipt books—in going to exceed this Ward. as we are 200%

Your brother, (Signed) Jesse E. Wood

Burley Stake Era Director for the Y. M. M. I. A.

SHORT SHORT STORIES WANTED

THEfor editorsshort shortof thestoriesImprovementwith uniqueEra areplots,lookinggood literary style, and surprise endings. These stories

should not exceed 800 or 850 words in length. Preferably they should have some significance for the

Church and should be in harmony with Church ideals, doctrines, history, practices and beliefs, although they strictly to subjects. Church not need be confined

it is that should much easier to live remember man Every typewritten, be submitted manuscripts should All one. within than to live without an income side of the written doublespaced, only and on one

paper. BREAKING IT EASY

to the manuscript submitted "Improvement Every don't have to "Father, because ought be glad you you SON: a self'addressed, be accompanied should by Era"year."for next books any to buy me postage sufficient envelope with for its return stamped

Father: son?""Why, it is in to the writer not accepted. case

I'll this last in the grade I Son: "Because be was same

year.". The New Guide.

THE BALLOT BOX

TN this business of selling merin just sawing wood. The counhomes who seem to think Sears is

chandise, nobody's elected try knows Sears, Roebuck and still doing all right by them.

for life... ever. You're up for Co. from past performance; and

reelection every living minute, nothing we could say, one way or This year we're coming before and they can kick you out as another, would make much difyou with the soundest Farm easily as they can put you in. ference. We stand foursquare Economy Program in all Sears

... finer and better meron that Sears catalog of yours history Out in front of your house, stick-

... it's all the platform we've chandise and, in proportion to

ing up on the end of a post, ever needed... about all the quality, lower priced. It's a

there's a ballot box marked platform we're going to need. It's landslide to Sears!

"U.S.Mail,"and every order you

been enough to get us elected to Check over with your family drop into that box addressed to

Sears, Roebuck and Co. is a vote office everywhere and we feel that, what you need. Fill out your

of confidence. if we just keep on making good order and drop it in that ballot

with the people, we aren't going box, out there... TODAY.

We aren't much on loose talk or to get kicked out of the twelve campaign promises. We believe or fifteen million American farm SEARS, ROEBUCK AND CO.

DIAL IN Sears -Roebuck's * radiosensational pronew GOLDEN if...gram "THEN AND // you see it in your Sears Catalog.... every Thursday,NOW"JUBILEE

8 P.M., Mountain Standard Time; nationwide e

COLUMBIA NETWORK. 1936 S. R. & Co.

':'('"-'";'':.'V::v:; 'i J/;:; vf>'-''r-:::/ ':'''::: S'.*;

MMWiiyMiiiil'it iliBi i 44Old Faithful Never Fails Neither Does Life Insurance Old Faithful Geyser, in Yellowstone National Park, itself, Life Insurance is there to give aid and comfort has long been the symbol of dependability. And to you or to the dependents you may leave behind.

so we compare it with a wellplanned program of

Life Insurance. Ask any Beneficial representative to help you plan a

When everything else fails you: health, job, life balanced life insurance program.

If It's a Beneficial Life Insurance Policy It's the Best Insurance You Can Buy

Heber J. Grant, President Home Office—Beneficial Life Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

Calif. Los Angeles, Bldg., Central Park 310 First Ogden, Utah PETERSEN, National DAVID Bldg., 919 Bank AGENTS GENERAL

California Angeles, Los Bldg., Central Park H. 310 J. UTLEY,SORENSEN, THOS. ROBINSON, E.ROY Seattle, Bldg., White Wash. Ariz. 810 Phoenix, Bldg., Title CAMERON,ALLEN 515 & Trust

California Oakland, Bldg., California Lyman, 405 WILLEY, Wyo. ARCHER H. M. ROLLINS,R. F. Boise, Idaho Bldg., Idaho COTTLE, 420

Ave., California Chico, Sacramento 4335 A. ZUNDEL, L. GEORGE SMART, Nev.L. 202 Bldg., Wonder D. Idaho Reno, Bldg., Jennie Rogers Idaho Falls, THOS. GREENWOOD, 208