1y*5 Did I Say vABRACADABRA!

I was musing over a book of home plans when, suddenly, five little flamelike elves appeared..,,

"****&p

The FLAME FAMILY, of course These happy little helpers, the gasflame quints, offer their services to all home planners: "Speedy", the timeTHtWiSTPmS

saver; "Cleany", who helps keep homes spotless;

"Steady", so dependable; "Flexy", master of flexible

heatcontrol; and "Thrifty", guardian of the budget.

* Summon them to serve you always. You need no

magic formula. Just say to yourself, "I'll have a truly CLEAN DEPENDABLE

modern house, with CP gas range, clean, carefree gas heating, automatic gas hot water service and silent gas refrigerator."Then ask your architect or builder to

x specify, "Allgas equipped."

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Utah and Wyoming Made

for

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR. Each Other

HPhe highly industrial Ruhr region in

A Germany has a population approaching seven million, about the same as the state of Ohio, but in onetenth the area.

In 1937 this region produced twice as much pig iron as all the British Empire, and twice the steel that France did, as well as half the coke in Europe, excluding the Soviet Union. According to

Dr. Chauncy D. Harris, the Ruhr has

enough proved commercial coal reserves to last for 250 years, and perhaps 2000, at the present rate of consumption. This

is about as much coal as the rest of

Europe has, without the Soviet Union.

The coal mined in the Ruhr is equivalent to three times the total hydroelectric power of all Europe.

Ctraight hair is the longest type of hair, and woolly, the shortest. In

the extreme length and shortness men's and women's hair are about the same length, which, in the case of a Chinese pigtail or an American Indian, may be nine feet long. Some peoples have no

hair any place on their bodies except extremely fine, small hairs such as babies have on their bodies.

HP'he largest sundial in the world is in

Jaipur, India. Constructed in 1724

A.D., it occupies an acre of ground, the

hundred foot slope rising to a peak to give a shadow for telling time.

A rocket ship would have to be five "miles in diameter, almost the size of

Mt. Everest, if it were round, in starting

on a trip to the moon, if 500 tons of it were to get back to the earth with its observer, according to calculations by

Dr. J. W. Campbell.

Cmoking cigarets impairs the vision of *T night flyers who have to use their eyes at the threshold of vision, Drs. R.

A. McFarland, M. P. Halperin, and J.

I. Niven of Harvard University have

reported. Due to carbon monoxide, the

smoking of three cigarets is equivalent to the loss of vision which comes at about 8,000 feet altitude. Military

aviators avoid this loss by using oxygen at night from the ground up.

Yes, waffles, biscuits, muffins, panbillion billion electrons passA cakes, breads of every kind all taste** through 20watt a electric lamp every second, with the ordinary 110 better when you spread them thick volt household wires. with Durkee's Troco Margarine.

Durkee's Troco Margarine is made *"** -m by an improved process that churnsTnductotherms to give artificial fever MI& and other deep heat treatments have *-#&#'the pure, nutritious vegetable oils now been perfected using a quartz right in with the fresh pasteurized crystal which will operate without interskim milk.

fering with radio reception for miles Improves all foods IN them and ON them around.

MARCH, 1945 Jke Ccover ke

'he weather helps or hinders, scientists tell us. In recent studies, observers have Qitiprwement

seen that man learns the atbetter when is cool. At MARCH, 1945 VOLUME 48, NO. 3 mosphere

the weather any rate, indi- "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"be an vane may cation to us of what Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement we may expect of ourAssociations, Department of Education, Music Committee, Ward selves and others. Teachers, and Other Agencies of the Church of Jesus Christ of

This photograph is Latterday Saints the work of H. Armstrong Roberts, adapted

by Charles Jacobsen. >',,'

Jke (Lditor'd f-ar How to Be "Saved"Heber J, Grant 123 MARCH FASHION

Ckufck of tk NOTE By Lucretia Penny Lkufck reatu,re5 LEARN from pussy

I willows President George Can Man Govern His Thoughts? Bruce R McConkie 124 That it is the proper

thing Smith Albert Life Story of Augusta Winters of A Mormon Wife—The one's gray fur To save the of Council the "Miss Winters"Judd 126 Mary Grant mittens Grant—V: deliver will Twelve

the Church of the Air Mr* Leader of Boys Marvin OL Ashton 128 And wear them in the spring. April on address Caffeine and Does 8, Evidences Reconciliations* XC—How a.m., Moun141 Affect the Stomach? A* Widtsoe John This Time. tain *;; 1945,Warat 11

will be heard broadcast Institute Melchizedek 142 L.D.S. Adds Priesthood: Logan

at stations, over CBS 1 45 Change of Address: Aaronic R. HuntMilton Rare Books,

1 o'clock Eastern War er 134 Ward Teaching 146 Fifteen days'notice reTime, 12 o'clock CenIs Your Church Like This NoLiquor-Tobacco Column.-.163 quired for change of adtral War Time, and 10 One? J. C. Brown 134 Genealogy 1 44 dress. When ordering a

o'clock Pacific War The Church Moves On 136 Music 147 change, please include

Time. stencil impression from a

recent issue of the magaSpecial featured cannotzine. Addressbe modechangesunless

the old address as well as Editors The President of Rotary International Harold L Snow 129 the new one is included.

J. Heber Grant My Spring Phobia Luacine Clark Fox 133 Executive and Editorial A. Widtsoe John

The Spoken Word from Temple Square...Richard L* Evans 138 Offices:

Managing Editor 50 North Main Street, and for Wage Salt Lake City 1, Utah.

Ira Richard L. Evans Exploringlin S. Harris,the Universe,Jr Frank113 A SalaryPostwar PlanWorkers, J.

Copyright 1944 by MuIII Basketry, Basketmaker Markham Editors Associate Inc., tual Funds, a CorBut, E. Charles Dibble...115 Homing: My Dear... A 132

poration the of Marba C. Young Russell.... of Places, Edith Desert 148 Worth Woman! Josephson The

William Men's Mulder Mutual ImproveFitzgerald 116 Hints 148 John Handy W. (on leave with Association of the ment Corner 149 Cook's forces) 118 Cross Fund the armed Red War of Jesus Church of Christ RelationMother-Daughter the 120 Bookrack On Saints. Latterday All ship, 152 Helen G. Jones General Manager

rights Build to reserved. Subscrip- a Home, Paul I Want the from Camps: News The Morris Q. George tion price, B. year, 122 $2.00 a Murdock in Military L.D.S. a Church

in advance; 20c single Outpost, Within 153 B. Hales Our Gates, Wayne Associate Manager Strangers copy. Green 168 Ours 132 Your Page and Neva W.

Lucy G. Cannon Entered at the Post

Business Manager Office,Utah, asSalt secondclassLake City,

John D. Giles Cditonatd matter. Acceptance for

mailing at special rate of National Advertising "'For the Duration"140 postage provided for in

Representatives 1103, Act of OcChristian Virtue Marba C Josephson 140 section Francis M. Mayo, Forgiveness—A tober, 1917, authorized

Salt Lake City July 2, 1918.

Edward S. Townsend, The Improvement Era

San is not responsible for unFrancisco and Jtorie5, J-oeU1 Los Angeles solicited manuscripts, but Dougan and Bolle, The Pony Express Stations—Part H—Conclusion welcomes contributions.

Chicago and James P, Sharp 130

New York Faith Frank Bennett 135 Allaccompaniedmanuscriptsbymustsuffibe

Member, for delivery cient postage Frontispiece: Fashion Note, Lucretia Vision, Georgia Audit Bureau of March

Circulations and return. 114 121 Penny M. Eberling

Poetry Page 137 114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

BASKETMAKER III

flffft-flfLuscious A-fDew'/s foot/*'v>asketm

GUARANTEED... LIGHT... TENDER... MOIST!

By DR. CHARLES E. DIBBLE

the Basketmaker II and WhenBasketmaker III people of the

Southwest buried their dead they covered them with baskets—flattish

baskets woven in a characteristic coiled method. Upon excavating Basketmaker

sites, archeologists often recover bodies

'A.-*,-rp<s is u * 1 reciPe

MUMMIFIED HEAD FROM A BASKETMAKER toe**** Mi*,, j5P CAVE IN SOUTHERN UTAH—Photographs from U. of U. Collection.

Utah Art Project. W.P.A.

in an excellently preserved condition;

the features, hair, and skin are well preserved.

The mummy packs of the Southwest and Peru differ from the artificially mummified bodies identified with the tombs of the Egyptian dynasties. The

COILED BASKETMAKER BASKETRY

Egyptians mummified, using bitumen, honey, spices, and salt. In Peru and

southwestern United States the dead were buried in the hot, dry sand of an (Concluded on page 1 65 MARCH, 1945 115 J!

n

FOLLCOAT

Onecow FULLCOOT maiea a "new"

—Photograph by Wayne B. Hales

THE WORTH OF AVERAGE SIZE ROOM 2Deded ytcaced By JOHN W. FITZGERALD

Chaplain in the U.S. Armed Forces

Father, through prayer, he could lead not only a people out of physical bondThea combinationword desertofbringsheat, todust,the sand,mind age,spiritualbut uncertaintyan entire worldand darkness,out of sin,to and in many cases, suffering. When a world of hope and light and life. His

one reads of Moses spending forty example and his precepts are the ways years in the desert or of the Master and means by which we can "come to going into the wilderness for forty days ourselves"out of the "desert places"without food, one sometimes fails to in our fives; places of sadness and decomprehend the trials and the struggles feat, to that inner certitude that there

each endured. But to the soldiers, both is a God; that he is a kind, loving

enlisted men and officers, who have Heavenly Father who will help us and spent days under a torrid Texas sun is ever ready to sustain us if we will

And see what this ants,and sleptlizards,on theand groundtarantulaswhereoftensnakes,"inonly\17hentrust lookinghim. at the stars at night,

sunrise, or seeing or a desert steal the twilight OILBASE PAINT will do! filtrate,"to be enduredthe desertand conquered.becomes a thing watchingvv shadows

is overto desert of the challenge The the soldier bondocks,* over the who smoothly on walls,—applies struggle to doubt; fear; conquer to come all will that thinks at of such God know wallpaper or woodwork! it. felt victory. have to must Moses on just did not beauty happen. knows He repeated washing!—stands it. chalthis both met Jesus They knew is there. spoke as Moreover, God God it! shows through—nothing physical hardthe lenge overcame and in to as the or burning bush Moses—will not streak, crack, peel ships and spiritual doubts that beset spoke to the Master by the voice of hishe—will not rub off! them. They found a new world in the spirit; so he can and often does speak

—being oilbase, it lasts and desert, a new life. They found their to us in the "desert places"of our lives.

lasts and lasts! work and the spiritual strength to carry In times of trial, sorrow, and suffering

—new, bright colors available it to its completion. Moses'forty yeurs we will know that he is there and we

—made by FULLER—the West's in the desert, and the strength that came can say with Job, "Though he slay me,

oldest, bestknown paint out of that struggle fitted him, with yet will I trust him."(Job 13:15.) Then

makers. God's help, to lead a captive people to we have God's promise, "He that overfreedom. He led them to a physical cometh shall inherit all things; and I will

liberty first. That was the easiest part, be his God, and he shall be my son."

and then to a spiritual freedom which (Rev. 21:7.)

ftmeb a, was infinitely harder to achieve and The worth of "desert places"can and

FULLER PAINT whichover, aftertook theanotherdisciplineforty ofyears.the wilderMore- toshouldfind beGodmeasuredand withbyhisthehelp,opportunitiessave our

DEALER Ttetvic/oii ness they were fit and ready to enter the own souls, and lead others into the

Promised Land. "Promised Land"of the truly Christian

life. The worth of desert places!W. P. FULLER & CO. - Furthermore, the Man of Galilee

DEALERS AND BRANCHES THROUGHOUT THE WEST found strength from his desert discipline, *A bondock is a small sand dune covered with and supported and sustained by his scrubby, thorny bushes.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT cRA o your questionsANSWERS'What is truth?

Does the Church have a monopoly on truth?

Is it wrong to doubt?

What is a liberal religion?

What is the origin of life on earth?

Why does the Lord permit wars?

tions—andYouth is thosea timewhofor askaskinghavehonestthe rightquesto

know the answers. Dr. John A. Widtsoe

scientist, scholar, educator, who understands and appreciates youth—discusses sixtyseven important questions pertaining to the

gospel.

If you have asked yourself such questions, or if you are entrusted with the guidance of youth, you will find EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS to be a helpful, practical application of Mormonism to the trying problems of today.

An ideal gift for students, teachers, missionaries, servicemen.

-K -X * < -K USE THIS HANDY ORDER BLANK of theTemples

N. B. Lundwall By Most High The BDDKCRAFT Company

18 Richards Street, Salt Lake City 1. Utah

Please send, postage prepaid, the books checked below:

ProphetStatesman Smith: Joseph

Dr. G. By Homer Durham 52.25 G This DayByandRichardAlwaysL. Evans $1.50

Descriptions, The Gospel Kingdom Hills $1.50 $2.25 Q Unto the

John Taylor By By Richard L. Evans

dedicatory $3.00 Colonizer Young, Brigham The $1.25 Way G

R. Dr. Milton Hunter By Fielding toByPerfectionJoseph Smith prayers,

of Discourses $.25 Minds Master Constancy $2.00 Amid Change G

B. N. Lundwall By A. By illustrations E. Bowen

....$2.00 of L. D. S. G EvidencesBy Dr.andJohnReconciliationsA. Widtsoe $1.85 G A Skeptic DiscoversBy T. W. RiggsMormonism

$2.50 For This Glory International Winston My Bible No. 115..$2.75 G temples Paul Bailey By Apostle $3.50 The G $2.50 Saint The Gay Asch By Sholem

Bailey By Paul God's Covenant Race $2.00 G ThunderheadBy Mary O'Hara $2.75

By James H. Anderson

Gospel Standards $2.25 G Canyon ofBy WhispersL. A. Wadsworth $2.00

Heber J. Grant By... A wealth of Mormon

The Great Answer especiMargaret Lee Runbeck By to $2.00 See I Wanted history—pertaining $2.00 G Hurlbut's StoryBy J. ofL. theHurlbutBible $2.50 G His $2.25 Mansions Many Borghild Dahl By to ally spiritual the back- S. Howells Rulon By $2.75 The Robe.50 G Inspired $ Prophetic Warnings Lloyd C. By Douglas of ground development and

B. N. By Lundwall Traveler's $2.00 Candle G richer In the $1.25 Mormonism. Gospel Net For a F. Updegraff M. By

$1.00 appreciation of the Church, LecturesByonDr.FaithJohn A. Widtsoe $.35 G Behind theBy LinesGeorge A. Fisher

B. N. By Lundwall of story this intimate read $ (Check or money order) en- G Life F....$2.50 Smith Joseph closed. Fielding Joseph of By Smith iltemples. her Beautifully

C.O.D. Send of Signs $1.25 G the Times

lustrated. $2.00, postpaid. By Joseph Fielding Smith

Temples of the Most High $2.00 Name

By N. B. Lundwall

The Vision $1.25

By N. B. Lundwall Address

G Assorted Gems 18 RICHARDS STREET By N. ofB. PricelessLundwallValue....$2.00

SALT LAKE CITY I. UTAH... TEL. 3-4795 L J

MARCH, 1945 117.

RED CROSS WAR FUND

T/"eep your Red Cross at his side.

Never was this more important than today. Long after swords have

been beaten into plowshares the Red your

Cross will have much to do.

Even after the last gun has been fired many a month will pass before all our PABCO fighting men are home. Some will be Miracle

WALL PAINT So simple to transform any room any type of wallsurface—with PABCO Miracle.'Brushes easily..

spreads evenly... covers beautifully, without brush marks or

"laps."

it's Spring!

confined in hospitals for long periods Brighten up the home of recovery. Traditional Red Cross you live in with service for these men who have sacricontinue ficed unabated. so much must to PABCO PAINTS obligation It is delegated a sacred

your Red Cross.

Larry loafed at school—No less sacred is the obligation to Looks like

lacked pep—couldn't keep up stand by with all necessary aid while SATIN!

with the class. veterans of this war, now being returned

"What can I do about Larry?"to civil life, adjust themselves to new Feels like

Gibson. Mrs. asked teacher his conditions, to prepare take their rightSATIN! isn't getting the he "Maybe factory. ful places in field and

his food. Ask kind right of mother what Larry eats for The welfare of the families of our PABCO

breakfast. If she'll feed him men in uniform, their wives and chilZOOM he'll soon zoom right dren, their aged parents, must be Satinfinish

into his work."guarded to see they do not suffer want For Interior Woodwork

Before the end of school the in these trying times.

children had changed his name It's a true enamel finish, but withfrom "Languid Larry"to "LiveThe refugees and waifs of war need out a high gloss. The soft, satinly Larry"- thanks to ZOOM. help—help such as only the Red Cross like sheen is a perfect complement

is prepared to give in a warscarred to walls of PABworld. CO Miracle. Easy F

Instantcook'Fisher's ZOOM, to apply. Dries essential humanitarian and Those is cereal ing, wheat a whole

... free overnight characservices have which at home to prepep-erup-er. Easy great

pare—if you can boil water you terized the Red Cross through the years of brush marks

can cook ZOOM. must be continued: disaster relief, home easy to clean. UN'

nursing instruction, nurse's aide train- *From "The Adventures of Mrs. ing, the many volunteer services, and

Gibson."other activities.

Though the roar of guns may cease, Look in the human needs remain. The Red Cross:S?""Yellow Pages"

local your can meet these only with your continued for dealer. PABCO

generous support. The president has

designated March as Red Cross Month, THE PARAFFINE COM PAN IES I N C.

SAN FRANCISCO 19, CALIFORNIA the period in which the 1945 Red Cross Makers, also, of Pabco Linoleums, Mastipave

War Fund will be raised..Red Cross i HeavyDuty Flooring

INSTANT COOKING activities are financed solely from volWHOLE WHEAT CEREAL untary contributions and gifts. We all

must do our part.

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA MINER

vnuui.

Says

"A progressive future for Utah depends

upon sincere and full cooperation of all

agencies*

"We must encourage new industries and

preserve existing ones so as to provide full

employment and educational facilities for all,

including those returning from war service/'

THE METAL MINING INDUSTRY OF UTAH

MARCH, 1945 119.

HitdeBookracfe CHINA TAKES HER PLACE (Carl Crow. Harper and Brothers, New

York. 1944. 282 pages. $2.75.) tflL&L distances, of shrinking this day it beIn

all of us hooves our neighto know about bors—a few short minutes or hours away.

This book, by an author who has known and loved China for many years, will help us understand our oriental ally and make us appreciate some of the difficulties she has had, and which she still has, to solve.

Although this book deals with the modern (pJULMu situation for the most part, it lays a sound foundation careful through of consideration of the most important One interesting and roots the which the laid before were modbooks written, ever dealing early with period. ern Yatsen is discussed as Sun

history. print for Mormon Out of 44 years. well as the of problem communism; Kuomintang is analyzed and defined; the New Life

Movement is discussed, and Gang Ho.

Wellwritten, the book satisfies both from its literary merit and its informative material.—M. C. /. History of Joseph Smith BRAZIL, GIANT TO THE SOUTH

Ma. TftoiheA. Sbua TTLoc/l Smith. Jackie(Alice Martin.Rogers Hager.MacmillanPhotographsCompany, by

1945. pages. $2.00.) 80 % New York. <3KXS*C*3XxS<x3<*3> Edited by PRESTON NIBLEY <3<x3*><3kXBK><3K>-0 fellow of the American Hager, a MRS.

Geographical Society and author of

ORIGINALLY dictated by the Mother of Pres. George Albert Smith in the heme of other exceptional books on Latin America,

the Prophet in 1845 to her friend. one of her descendants now living near has added to her laurels through her latest

Mrs. Martha J. K. Coray, it was first Nauvoo. It also includes new material book, Brazil, Giant to the South, In addipublished in England in 1853 by Orson gathered by the editor. tion to the exceptional material which Mrs.

Pratt. Later, shortly after di1865, at the exceptionally compiled, has she Hager was large, Printed in 12 easyto-read pt. type rection full and with of Pres. approval in of fortunate choice her photographer, a the best on available book paper and it Brigham Young, carefully revised was pichas through added her unusual who handsomely in rich cloth bound blue emfor checked and accuracy Pres. Geo. by tures the to information concerning much bellished this colors, printed 2 covers in A.. Smith Elias and Smith, cousins Judge ally. neighbor our and 372 contains book exceptionpages. An of the Prophet. This revised manuscript this find will old Both and book young artistic ally colors, jacket printed in 3 serially published in was Improve- "The intellectual their to appetite a one whet good this fine attractive makes exbook an in ment Era"1900 with of the approval for of wiser Latin a study America. M.C.J. of ample superior craftsmanship and Pres. Lorenzo Following Snow. his death,

to library. worthy addition any a small edition in LITERATURE form, book carrying BRAZILIAN a

signed introduction and official approval of Printed and published by Stevens & Wallis, (An Outline)

Pres. Joseph F. Smith, was published by Inc.. Salt Lake City, Utah. (Erico Verissimo. Macmillan Company,

"The Improvement Era"in 1901. New York. 1945. 184 pages. $2.00.)

It will of always be a source standard Brazil, to to Giant book companion good This handsome contains new volume valuable for information a teachers, students, literature for outline this of is the South beautiful A authentic and picture new of writers in readers interested and church to like really more know those would who Lucy Smith, Mack recently discovered history. by

is culture. Verissimo Brazilian Erico about

Price $2.50 Postpaid newerone of Brazilianthe most writers.talented Heand ispopularmoreoverof theinterested in trying to promote better understanding between the northern and southern

This, hemisphere. the western sections of DESERET BDDK CDMPANY

44 unthrough an be can done best East South Temple he says, p. O. Box 958

Salt Lake City 10, Utah derstanding of the writers of the countries.

Also at all leading book dealers Through what his compatriots enjoy,

Senhor Verissimo indicates the characteristics of the Brazilians. He himself states

that "Brazilian popular sayings are full of wisdom, cunning, and bitter experience. Not

seldom they express mistrusts; they have..

Nobody Can Stop LOSS—realisticbe misled,andhowever,political theinsight.author..."emphasizesLest you

the fact that Brazil is indeed like a patchEverybody Can Avoid It Through workvariousquilt,kindsandof peoplethat literatureand the variousreflects secthe

FIRE INSURANCE! tionsHe ofconcludesthe countryby saying,that make"HereBrazil.we are at

# When you come here for insurance you thethe wayend ofhastheanpatchworkamazing unityquilt, inwhich,terms byof get it, coupled with attentive, experienced a common language and of common psychoservice. This is an agency of the Utah logicalmous area,trends.her Notwithstandinglack of proper hermeansenorof

Home Fire Insurance Co. transportation and communication, and the

language tion, Brazil has one only—the

dialects."regional UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO. highPortuguese—withpercentage of illiteracy of her populano

Heber J. Grant & Co., General Agents And he has great hope for the future of

as Brazil soon country—as

most pressing problems. Salt Lake City, Utah literaturesolves somein hisof her

—M. C. /. 120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA VISION

—Photograph, Harold M. Lambert

bare, brown fields lie in the sun 3he

And neat and straight their furrows run.

The farmer rests and looks them over—

Sees wheat and corn and tall red clover.

LjeoraL oore (L-berlin

MARCH, 1945 121 The FelsNaptha Primer Jr \/[/ant to ijultd a

FAMILIAR LAUNDRY TERMS EXPLAINED FOR THE HOUSEKEEPER HOME

By PAUL B. MURDOCK

no household plague.

discovered. DIM- v cu endure. to to build a home want permanent'Tc'e A ls.Naptn0 No a PP>Y relief, size flung generous of house low and quickest for I gentle roofs, the shade caressed by area.

to affected of great trees, where permanence and strength shall be reflected. A house

where little voices may babble in the ecstasy of babyhood and little people—WASHDAY in full and, fFormerly youth, blush the of to grow know as*National Blue time, to maturity, of fulness the come Monday Re named FelsNaptha house old, nod, and and grow Fun Day sleep—a;ay mi\\ions of users. shall children be children's where my it

nourished and fed and protected by these same walls which have sheltered and protected me.

I want to build these little lives which in the gardensoil rooted of my have too, shall endure. they, spirit LAUNDRY SOAP -a fafJQ* so that

dubious character. Very often Build them so that they shall know the

causes disappointment when sweet glory of love, and the joy that attempting role of FelsNaptha. happiness is, and the peace which contentment brings. I want to root them

in eternal truths, and nourish them with the true ideals of usefulness and service.

to build them I want unafraid,—sturdy FEISNAPTHA-Mode,

hills, strong as love. as the rockribbed antidote

for dirt. Equally effecIp4

I want to build a garden where loveve in Bar or Chips. No home yr-'??-*-dl

complete without it. liness dwells, a garden where the linger-

7: ing pictures in memory's eye come into

being, and all the dreams I have dreamed of paradise nestle at my feet, in my own dooryard. A garden where the divine

laboratory of eternity lies in my hand and speaks in untold tones the delights, the mysteries, and wonders of the Hand WHITE -A descriptive term, WY often confused with gray. For, behind it all.

demonstration of correct mean- &/( I want to build a home where love will mg - use FelsNaptha Soap. dwell. A home not valued by the dollars

it cost, nor the richness of materials or sggSSft furnishings going into it, so much as by the happiness it has created. A home

which has grown dear and near because of the stress and storm it has weathered, the tears it has dried, and the smiles it has caused. A home where

patience and effort and denial have brought their treasures of happiness and contentment and peace. A home where

love comes like a fluttering dove and perches and dwells,—unwilling to

search elsewhere.

FELSNAPTHA SOARJanishesTattleTale Gray / want to build a home.

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J. GRANT Jtow Uo vDe Slaved By PRESIDENT HEBER

COMMANDMENT WAS EVER GIVEN TO US BUT WHAT GOD NOHAS GIVEN US THE POWER TO KEEP THAT COMMANDMENT.

HThOSE WHO GET IN A CORNER, FAULTFINDING THIS CLASS OF

MEN LOSE THE SPIRIT OF GOD. i

TT IS RESPECTING AND HONORING THE PRIESTHOOD OF GOD, AND

THE SERVANTS OF GOD WHO PRESIDE OVER US, THAT WILL

BRING TO US THE BLESSINGS OF GOD.

xJ ur children ofttimes feel to complain because of the duties that we require of them.

They would sooner play marbles, or run after a hoop, or jump the rope, or do something else, than perform the labors that we as parents place before them. But in after years they discover that the tasks we

gave them, wherein we taught them to be industrious, were beneficial to them.

The object of our being placed upon this earth is that we may work out an exaltation, that we may prepare ourselves to go back and dwell with our Heavenly Father; and our Father, knowing the faults

and failings of men, has given us certain commandments to obey, and if we will examine those requirements and the things that devolve upon us we will find that they are all for our individual benefit and advancement. The school of life in which we are placed and the lessons that are given to us by our

Father will make of us exactly what he desires, so that we may be prepared to dwell with him.

And I say to you, that the man who grows each day of his life, is the man that fulfills the plain, simple, everyday duties which devolve upon him. It is not the testimonies that we have had; it is not

the many visions that have come to us. Why, the men who, above all men were abundantly blessed by

seeingdery—theseangels,menevenwereby notseeingkeptourfirmLordandandsteadfastSaviorinJesusthe ChurchChrist, asby didtheseSidneygreat RigdonblessingsandandOlivermanifestaCow-

tions.

But the men who kept the commandments of God, the men who were faithful in their prayers, the men who sustained and upheld the priesthood of God at all times and under all circumstances, the men who obeyed the Word of Wisdom, the men who paid their tithing, have always been true and faithful, and have never lost the Spirit of God. Those, however, who have got in a corner, faultfinding, drinking, and having a "good"time, and having secret meetings, thinking they are not treated right and are

not respected enough—this class of men lose the Spirit of God.

Do you know, I always feel happy when I am with my brethren. I never want to get away from them.

If I have the "blues,"the best way in the world to get over them is to do my duty with my brethren. If

any man lacks the Spirit of God, let him go to work and labor for the advancement of the kingdom of

God, and he will have the Spirit of God.

Whenever we get the idea into our heads that because we have had some great manifestation, some wonderful dream or vision, because we have been able to stand up and testify that Jesus was the Christ, that Joseph Smith was a prophet of God, and think this knowledge alone is going to save us, the quicker we get that idea out of our heads the better. It is keeping the commandments of God, it is respecting and

honoring the priesthood of God that we hold, and the servants of God who preside over us, that will bring to us the blessings of God, and that will save and exalt us, not only in this life, but in the life to come.

If you want to know how to be saved, I can tell you: it is by keeping the commandments of God.

No power on earth, no power beneath the earth, will ever prevent you or me or any Latterday Saint from being saved, except ourselves. We are the architects of our own lives, not only of our lives here,

but our lives to come in the eternity. We ourselves are able to perform every duty and obligation that

God has required of man. No commandment was ever given to us but what God has given us the power

to keep that commandment. If we fail, we, and we alone, are responsible for the failure, because God

endows his servants, from the president of the Church down to the humblest member, with all the ability, all the knowledge, all the power that is necessary faithfully, diligently, and properly to discharge every duty and every obligation that rests upon him, and we, and we alone, will have to answer if we fail in this regard.

We as Latterday Saints, holding the priesthood of God, should magnify it, and we should respect the General Authorities of the Church; and as we respect them, God will respect us. I say to you that it

is not an insignificant thing to hold the priesthood of God—to have the right to influence the powers of

the heavens for good; and it is not a slight thing for us to neglect to honor that priesthood that God has

bestowed upon us and the priesthood of God in those who preside over us.

May the light and the inspiration of God be our constant guide and companion. May we grow and

increase in the Spirit of God, and in the testimony of the gospel, and in power and ability to accomplish the purposes of our Heavenly Father here on the earth, and may we grow in the desire to do so.

Jhe (Ldltor'd f-a a

MARCH, 1945 123

\an, an ouem J4li Havingcompliedenteredwithbythethefirstgate,principleshaving THOUGHTS.?

and ordinances of the gospel, Latterday Saints may ask with profor-priety, specific is there a sure and the remain wherebymula on may we oLeet virtue aarnidk tku tkon9kt.s unceasinFt

path that leads to the celestial kingdom?

What are the mechanics of enduring 'T'HE THOUGHTS OF ONE'S HEART FORECAST THE to the end? Are there concrete, definite, BELIEFS THAT GROW THEREIN; THOUGHTS AND

recognizable, practical aids which help BELIEFS ARE FATHER TO HIS WORDS AND THE ACTS man to balance himself on this straight HE WILL ELECT TO DO.

and narrow path? To these questions

there are many interlocking answers of a general nature. The Saints are will be allocated their position, whether Ye have heard that it was said by them

counseled to live righteously, to obey they be greater or lesser in the mansions of old time, Thou shalt not commit adultery:

the commandments, to keep their covethat are prepared, contains a sufficiently But I say unto you, That whosoever looketh lust after to her hath on com- a womannants, the living specific the of to concrete follow advice for acformula and in his her already mitted adultery with truth,oracles, to live in the countable abide to follow, to to or failing by men heart. (Matt. 5:2728.)

every word that proceedeth forth from follow, to be left without excuse. The

the mouth of God. There are many first fundamental basis of judgment then The penalty ordained for thinking such

similar wise precepts. Perhaps the is the thoughts of men; their beliefs then thoughts was given in a revelation to

greatest of all is to get the Spirit of the logically grow out of their thoughts; Joseph Smith in these words

Lord, and keep it. With this Comforter and, based on their thoughts and beliefs,

to abide in man, reveal to him the peacecome the words which they speak; and And verily I say unto you, as I have said

able things of immortal glory, and witall three combine to father the acts that before, he that looketh on a woman to lust ness to him individually the truth of all they do. after her, or if any shall commit adultery

things, man would be fastening his feet in their hearts, they shall not have the but shall deny the faith and shall Between Thought Spirit, of righteousness to Relationshiponto the so as path fear. and Salvation to such the end, and accordinglyendure

But the problem be saved. woulda man then the Lord says that these, relationship is the then beAnd "\\7hat precepts these bringing to theof down others, among salvation the thoughts vv tween and lives of thedayto-day and men remains,

query may yet be asked, how does one which men think? Reflection suggests... shall have their part in that lake which

perform according to these required that there is no more fundamental measburneth with fire and brimstone, which is standards in actual practice? And what ure of the true inner man than the the second death. Verily I say, that they

in resident not his heart. part in the first resurrection. have Man shallshall hour to hour from thoughts from and I do

63:1618.) C. farther (D. 6 cannot reach in the realm back this to salvation achieveday to day

selfanalysis of introspection than and I all else? is desirablewhich above that revealed affirmed has The word interpret, to to unravel, endeavor and conrevealed thatbelieve the word hell, will to cast to be remain men down his thoughts. old govern of Solomon thistains specific to query, an answer a is in there outer darkness where weepthis basic of recorded evaluating means that plain a wayfaringanswer so man ing teeth, wailing of gnashing and and the refersoul said with he human when therein. errneed not live rest the the ". not dead of where. who in that ence thinketh he to man. As

Nearly a century before the coming his heart, so is he."(Prov. 23:7.) Jacob, again until the thousand years are ended,

of the Son of Man in the flesh, the great brother of righteous Nephi, summed up undergo their eternal damnation in the prophet, Alma, gave this portion of his a portion of his teachings by affirming prison which is prepared, because of word unto the Nephites "To be carnallyminded is death, and what?An overt act? No! but because the

to be spirituallyminded is life eternal,"thoughts and desires of their hearts plainly conhath spoken And Amulek is evil. carnallyminded (II also were truth which 9:39) Nephi was raised death,cerning being from and this spiritual death, is damin this written the saints to Paul Rome. by To death—andbe state of immortality, to beingmortality a and nation. thoughts Evil foreshadow 8:6.) (Romans the of tobrought judged before God, bar be

righteous thoughts prepare damnation; effect of thoughts mere upon The hearts to works.according our if our Then

have been hardened, yea, if we have hardman's character, judgment, and salvathe way for salvation. This is a specific

ened our hearts against the word, insomuch tion cannot be more plainly established standard of judgment.

that it has not been found in us, then will than by evaluating that effect as it perBut can man govern his thoughts?

our state be awful, for then we shall be tains to a particular offense. In all genCan he select some and reject others?

will words our Forcondemned. condemn of erations righteously? the of think time to he will crime murder Can Men

all will us;us, yea, our works condemn in in past, of the the ages we has eyes been so most and have wicked done Godshall spotless; thoughts our found and not be

living the of that of life, I believe are thereto Creator there those second but nowwill us; this in also awful and condemn

state we shall not dare to look up to our and well nigh raising an equal stench is who are almost complete masters of

God.... (Alma 12:1214.) the offense of adultery. The Lord, the the thoughts that they think and the

righteous Judge, has given as his penalty desires that are formed in their hearts.

A careful analysis of these inspired for these two offenses, death. The edict The inspired phrase written by Joseph

words reveals that condemnation awaits from Sinai was, "Thou shalt not kill. Smith in Liberty Jail, namely, 'Let virthe ungodly for their words, their works, Thou shalt not commit adultery."(Ex. tue garnish thy thoughts unceasingly,"

their thoughts, and for hardening their 20:1314.) And then when Christ reis wanting in meaning and significance

hearts so that the word of God or the stored the fulness of the everlasting gosunless it is taken to mean that the Prophgospel is not found in them. Let us see pel in the meridian of time, he enlarged et understood that men in mortality

if this breakdown of the elements of this injunction by saying in his Sermon could in actual fact govern the thoughts the judgment, in which judgment men on the Mount: of the heart.

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

How Can We Govern Thoughts? nurtured and strengthened by practice Israelites or Gentiles, saints or sinners

and the use of these various aids, a to their respective banners. Belief is the

Tf it is true then that man can govern status is approached wherein solely by cornerstone of faith; and the degree of

his thoughts, how shall each individthe strength of will, man can control man's belief, as he applies what he beual go about accomplishing this desirand govern the thoughts and intents of lieves to his life, is directly proportionable end? There are divers ways. Nephi his heart. To the degree man attunes ate to the level of salvation which he

wrote what I believe are two keys his spirit to the eternal laws of God, will obtain. Men are saved because they

to the which enabled him govern intents, thoughts, sufficiently are imbelieve and desires to obey. are Men

thoughts of his heart he recorded when in his heart planted not, believe by revelation. or bebecause they damned

And upon these [i.e., the small plates of When he has so fully become one with cause they elect to believe that which

the Almighty as to be named his friend, is discordant to the laws of eternal truth.

as was faithful Abraham, then his As with thoughts, so with beliefs, man thoughts are bordering on perfection, is the master of his spirit. Every means& his soul is cheered, and he ponders the that is available for controlling and

to devoutly a consummation be sought; beliefs of present to determine the

firmlyBRUCE R. thisthings of the spirit continually. This is governing the thoughts that we think, is feet is planting one's on the thoughts are component which those

path toward salvation. parts. Beliefs mere come by the mayMcCONKIE

choice, desire by the human whim of

Major, U.S. armed forces Thoughts Forecast Beliefs to accept as true that which harmonizes

with the type of life lived by the particu- "Phe thoughts of one's heart forecast lar individual concerned, by reason, or

Nephi] I write the things of my soul, and the beliefs which grow therein. Befinally by revelation. This latter is the

many of the scriptures which are engraven lief is a great fundamental cornerstone ultimate firm standard upon which the plates the brass. of soul deupon For salvation, that of one shaped my be can and is belief leading based, to salvation and

lighteth in scriptures, the heart and my the exercise the steadied of and by it obedience. preceded must be by

for the pondereth writeth them, them and first enjoy. the agency men Among

profit learning children. the of and Bemy is that his doctrine mine,... not but ministry events public My of the recorded

hold, in the the delighteth things soul of my will, If shall his will he me. any do man is that the of to preserved us Master by sent Lord; heart continually and pondereth my it doctrine, God, the of be of whether know said he when Mark I the things heard. upon seen which and have I 7:16of myself. or speak (John whether

. I in bold have by day mighty.. And waxed 17.) Galilee, the into preaching Jesus came

1 before prayer him; yea, voice have my of the of gospel saying, kingdom God. And {II sent high. 4:1516, on up 24.) Nephi is all This then the choicest of the is fulfilled, time the of and kingdom The God

their means which govern by men may is at ye, the repent believe hand: gosand the scriptures in one's To ponder beliefs, namely, will the doing the of by pel. 1:1415.) (Mark heart, to in one's heart pray are and

Sincere, Father. the to prayer humble surely of the governing two ways

his his resurrection Father, After real intent/ with commission acmade and that thereto. thoughts gain entrance

the to the in eleven faith contained Christ, statement in results companied by people favorite choice read and Many receiving man's the revelation from by passages the deBible from is they that believeth when shall baptized and be He true beliefs. Ghost, correct Holy and

This belief is the key to a knowledge of all beliefs needed for salvation; and

it is the key to salvation itself, for on this principle the believing disciple from whom doubt has been purged, may ask the Father in the name of Christ for salvation, and it shall be granted unto him.

Thoughts and Beliefs Are Father

To Our Words TPhe thoughts and beliefs of man are father to his words. The tongue is

a true measuring rod revealing the merit of every man.

... Out of the abundance of the heart

the mouth speaketh. (Matthew 23:34.)

The prophets of God in the various ages have cleansed their garments,of the responsibility for the indiscreet conversation of their hearers, for they have counseled wisdom in the use of words among the followers of the truth. The

Lord himself spoke in Jewry on this subject, saying:

BY THE LAST SUPPER, VINCI DA LEONARDO sire to relax the escape and temfrom it that have heard hath Ye said been

I that poral in press them. woes upon old time, of. them.. shalt not forswear Thou saved; believeth shall but not he that be by this reading of also the recommend and thyself, shalt but perform unto the thine Lord damned. 16:16.) (Mark the latterday the of Book and Mormon oaths: But unto I say you, not at Swear revelations. all; reading of any good The

in literature or edifying the engaging Indeed, his whole ministry is replete neitherNor by bytheheaven;earth; forfor itit isis God'shis footstool:throne:

conversation will serve the same purwith such statements as: neither by Jerusalem; for it is the city of the

great King. Neither shalt thou the swear by refined pose. Decent and music and If... that believe not ye he ye I am shall head, because thou canst not hair one make or physical will mental hard elimiwork in sins. die your 8:24.) (John white or black. let But your communication nate undesirable idle thoughts the from be, Yea, yea; for is nay: Nay, whatsoever mind. Belief the lack of it and oppose each these than more evil. of cometh 5:33- (Matt.

As the power to control thought is other as the alternates which collect 7.) (Continued on page 165)

MARCH, 1945 125

V "Miss Winters"WIFE A MORMON MY Brown Lyman, one of the outstanding women of Mormpndom, gives her idea of my mother as a By MARY GRANT JUDD teacher in these words DAUGHTER OF PRESIDENT HEBER J. AND AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT

Among the heroines of my youth was my beloved schoolteacher, Augusta Winters

President ofGrant, wife Heber is she can such a lady you to Winters; goesJ. Grant. In contemplation back mind my

in everything."This copy after her samethe our schoolhouse, country old and dear

large welllighted room filled with a lively pupil describes her former teacher as group of adolescent boys and girls, with having been "simple, quiet, forceful, a huge stove in the center. For the memand beautiful."

it in this class, last thebers of year was applied terms could All of these be thei the school; for me, grade it was, and truthfulness to Augusta with equal

life. of earlyhappiest school year my either Winters, who, from MaryAnn, in t6 us Miss, she as Winters, known was

those days, was an ideal. We admired her inherited or acquired these same charfor her beauty and charm, for there was no acteristics.

one fairer in the whole country round than Speaking of her schoolteaching acshe. kindness, for her her loved human We I tivities, says: "After mother my

for heart, understandingSympathy, and I started hardly myself, school to can that even unconsciouslysomehow knew we

I help out did not by remember when failed her expectato oftenthough meet we instructing classmates and younger my all aftertions that understood were she we trying, that we were anxious to learn, were I learned quite as much, if not more, good at heart, and were really worth while. that way than I did from my own lesAnd she bore with us. She seemed to undersons. It was my mother who first pressed

stand adolescent boys and girls and to realize me into service as an assistant. I couldthat their restlessness is due in a measure to n't have been more than ten at the time,

their craving growth,their rapid for symin for only I helped I was twelve when their their experience, desire for andpathy, school (the dear Laura's''Aunt summer selfexpression. forquest

get along could with she old lady saying dramatic entertained were by her We it until all right long to came failed arithmetictalent never humor which keen and to break the monotony of the long school division, but she didn't want to bother days and to stimulate our imagination. with that nor with geography, either.)

We respected her for her nobility of char- I was about fifteen when I assisted a acter, for her high ideals, and for her true MARYANN WINTERS, MOTHER OF AUGUSTA lady teacher in exchange for instruction

Christian life, which were exemplified in all in telegraphy. That was a fascinating

her associations. Even now, when my mother has study to me. How thrilled I was when

In a short sketch of my mother's life passed her fourscore milestone, she still I was left one whole day in charge of the written for a local magazine by one of meets her former students who, through telegraph office, and when I received her close friends, the statement is made the years, have scattered as far north as and sent a message or two.

that "she was so successful and beloved Canada and as far south as Mexico. "Later, to pay for the tuition of my

a teacher that her pupils carried her sister, Delia and me, I helped a Mr.

reputation all over the state of Utah."f\v the many factors contributing to Beers.

that sheCertainly when we remember the success of "Miss Winters"as when"I beganI wasteachingseventeen,on mybeforeown accountI was of ten years, and a periodtaught over schoolteacher, cannot be which a one that in those days of ungraded schools, overlooked, was the encouragement and through school myself, alternating with her pupils never numbered less than example of her modest and refined little a year at school and a year of teaching to to keep earn on at enough money as high reached sometimesforty, and frail but as mother, whose whose was body finally until school, graduated I was that thereeighty, shall conclude we strength of to all a tower spirit was who were enough individuals to carry her came under her influence. MaryAnn from the University of Deseret (since

reputation over several states! Winters'schoolteaching days had comthe University of Utah) in 1877. After

until I that continuously I taught was recollections of One in my childhood Quarters back is menced Winter when

I of count married. about ten years my to father motherof with and going my she girl and had continued a mere was

in teaching."life spent preach, to hear him wardsome Mormon until a mature she woman. was who One

and whether the meeting was held in knew her well described her thus:

Salt Lake City or some nearby town, A summary of "Miss Winters'there seldom failed to be some person Gifted with keen mental and spiritual perschoolteaching career would show loved Mrs. Winters knowledge different afterceptions, that several she conducted mother up to come would mywho in cultivating spent spare every and moment

first in schools the Pleasant one remember Grove, "Don't you say: andward gifts. spiritual school mental She taught and

Ollie's after in parlor; Bill, in 1873, Susie Soand- or her Aunt I'm or Jane,me? Especially years. successshe was many

So from suchand-such a place."And ful in gaining the confidence and love of seventy years, she still remembers some

then mother would reply: "So you are her pupils. Big, unruly boys who usually of the unruly boys who attended her

little Susie Soand-So! Of course, I bade defiance to most forms of authority, classes and how her patience was tried.

remember you."paid the tribute of willing obedience to the Another term she taught in her own

Then her former pupils must always little, fragile, refined schoolteacher. In home and since it was in the winter, we

often years bearded would men girl after difficult prettiest easily imagine the situap- can thetell she that her how was her with proach and remembrance happy for ation be her loved their mother they by who, would saw, everthey and how their for pioneer gratitude schooling under this the ( ) children, eight time, had 1 877"schoolma'am."her tactful management.

Many of these people looked older youngest of whom, Helen Mar, was than mother herself, and some of them One of the former pupils of Augusta's only four years old. But since it was

actually were. I remember thinking as mother says that among her earliest recfrom her mother that Augusta had re-

I stared up at them, "How funny that ollections is a remark her own grandceived inspiration to encourage young

Mamma ever taught these people, and mother made as the little girl was startpeople to want an education, we know that once they were as little as I am ing off to school for the first time: "I like that MaryAnn Winters gladly opened

now."to have you go to school to MaryAnn her home to her daughter's young

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA l/l/lnierd Ljrant Jhe c=Llre Stom of ruaudta

charges. Augusta finally became prinnpHE early day methods of paying ing"of the Mormon Church which was

cipal in her home town and had both teachers were no more irregular held in the schoolhouse. No doubt that

her mother and her older sister, Delia, than the schools themselves. Mother rewas one religious service of which the

under her jurisdiction. calls that she "missed a day when she pupils were highly in favor.

The next step in our story of her wanted to, for weather or any other It was at Mill Creek that another unteaching days takes us to Mill Creek, good cause, and the children did the lookedfor holiday occurred. The cirwhere she taught twice; once in the same."cumstance occasioning it looks ludicrous

summer of 1 875 and again in the winter What modern pupil in our schools at this distance, but was terrifying at of 1879. When the one stove which would not envy the boys and girls in the the time. "Monday, October 27th, 1879.

the school boasted was found inadeold Salt Lake City Seventeenth Ward We had quite a sensation at school toquate to heat the room, classes had to of whom in June 1884, their teacher day. We were quietly pursuing our

be dismissed. wrote: "When we got to school, not a studies when the alarm was given, 'The

"Miss Winters"was not sorry, howchild was to be seen. We waited till ten crazy man is coming!'The girls had been

ever, for she was then able to accept an o'clock and then rang the bell. Susie anxiously watching his movements all

offer from Dr. Park to take charge ( her sister ) had two pupils and I three. day, but we felt no particular alarm

of a department in the old Thirteenth The circus made its appearance today, until he started full speed for the schoolWard in his first attempt to grade and and I never saw anything set people so house, stopped every now and then organize the city schools. Three years by the ears! The streets were lined with pointing at us and then coming on with

later, in 1882, also under the direction people and conveyances. We stayed renewed speed. I locked the front door,

of the kindly doctor, she was made printill noon and then dismissed our five but the lock on the back door was cipal of the old Seventeenth Ward pupils and went home."broken, and as he came nearer and nearschool with her sister, Susie, as her asMay Day was always a holiday and if er, our fears overcame every other feelsistant. it stormed, so that the usual outdoor ing, and we rushed out of the back door

Before this second experience under pleasures could not be indulged in, the in more haste than order. We didn't

Dr. Park's supervision, she had been the first sunny day following May first was wait for bonnets or dinner pails but ran

instructor in Farmington for two years declared a holiday. as fast as we could till we got to the

a through bishop's 7, wentand had where 1 876, we also taught two sessions in On fence, stumbling and in the at some to Jordan. day—Julyhappened be breakWest West one particularJordan—it Reminiscing on those early schoolrather cold and stormy—very unusual some falling, some crying and some

teaching days, my mother continues; for that time of year. When "Miss nearly fainting, and all very pale and

"All of my sisters also taught school for Winters"arrived at school she found very much frightened. I dare say it

longer or shorter periods. We girls used only four pupils. At noon she gladly would have been a laughable sight to a

to take some strange things for payment dismissed them and went out for some spectator at a safe distance, but we in our first years of teaching. One father fun herself for it happened to be her didn't appreciate the fun just then,

told us he had some little pigs, and we twentieth birthday. Her own love of fun though we have had a hearty laugh since

could take them or nothing for teaching may explain a secret she confided to her at our hasty exit. A man came soon

his children. The tuition was three doldiary. When spring called through the after and took the insane man in charge;

he had escaped from custody but was not considered dangerous. However,

we couldn't compose our minds sufficiently to return to our studies, so I dismissed the school for the day, and we all hurried home feeling weak and faint from our fright."

Cometimes when Augusta was away *-* from home teaching in some little country town, her longing for home approached nostalgia. This was especially

the case on Sundays when she didn't have a roomful of noisy children to take her attention. On one such Sunday in

Mill Creek she writes: "I am all alone,

and oh, it is so lonely, so lonely. I would

give so much to see some dear friend today and have a long chat or get letters from home; then I would feel like going

to work again tomorrow with renewed courage. There is no post office here,

and Aunt 'Cal'gets my letters and I

PLEASANT GROVE (UTAH) SCHOOLHOUSE have to wait until some of them come up lars a quarter, and the pigs were three WHERE AUGUSTA WINTERS GRANT TAUGHT and bring them to me."

dollars apiece. There were two little SCHOOL. The next day—Monday—because of

girls and two little pigs, so it came out letters, was not a blue Monday. "Refiguring.just right Father any feel without letters this ceived morning and my of her classroom open windows that so pigs out the care of all cametook better. well. Folks at home she much trouble but weather, wrote: "Lovely

right, too.just to party."a Went like truant; pupils they playing with my in thing took pay- "Another odd that in Mill we cold winter Creek.

ball I don't marbles and to play and for bees. of hive teaching a wasment school, to to our making walk had "WeIt was it I like myself."blame them; would us. of for care also themFather took the through snow, path and when own

They multiplied and increased and In the Seventeenth Ward, school alwe got to school, mercy! we were in an

swarmed until we had twenty or thirty ways let out for half a day on Thursawful condition, wet to our knees! We

hives."days to make way for the "Fast meet- (Continued on page 164)

MARCH, 1945 127 MR. LEADER OF BOYS:

J4m \Jjovi Jalklna TO Jkewi or OVER Jhem f

\J. Ji$hh OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC

7T re you stressing attendance and recIs the water fresh from the well or is the least, that was a revelation to me.

ZA ords and forgetting to "feed"it from a stagnant pool that gags the These good folks had been in meeting * * those sheep—our boys? Are you little fellows? We are sure that we are for two days, and they had had about

talking their language? Are they on the responsible to a great extent for that enough preaching. I thought I had some

edge of their seats to get every morsel great multitude of vigorous fellows over inspiration and shot out at them someof what you are giving them, or are they twentyone still holding only the thing like this: "Now, brothers and sisyawning and turning to look at the Aaronic Priesthood. As Roscoe Gilmore ters, don't you think one of the finest

clock? Are they praying that you'll Stott has put it, "In fishing for these projects the Church could get into

soon quit talking or do they pray that boys, are we using the right bait?"would be the dehydration of speeches?"

the clock will move slowly? Is your I repeat it, are we dry! I thought I'd thrown a ringer, but I had

approach "up their alley"or is what Once in awhile you will find someone put my chin out a little too far. Did

you are thundering at them as dry as brave enough to tell you what he thinks. you ever have that experience? A good

the Sahara? You know, brethren, those I had that experience about a year ago brother sitting on the second row quietlittle fellows are so loyal and respectful while attending a stake conference. ly and respectfully responded, "Brother

to you they won't tell you they are Blessed be that good brother who Ashton, don't you think the speeches bored. Let's be dead sure when those opened up to me the inner workings of are about dry enough as they are?"

fine thoroughbred "colts"come into the his mind. It was the welfare meeting Well, I still contend our speeches

"stall,"there is appetizing hay in the the last of the conference. Most of the should be dehydrated, but I believe our

manger. If there is, they'll be eager to time in this meeting was given to reports brother was right they're dry enough.

come back; if there is not, you'll have from the Relief Society on the latest Especially with fine boys, our talks

to get a "block and tackle"to pull them developments in the dehydration of should be more carefully studied, and in. food. These good ladies had just atinvigorating. They've got to be more

Does this picture remind you of your tended a government convention where spicy. Yes, they need more vitamins and

leadership? Are these your boys? Is they heard the latest chapter on deginger. If that boy is inattentive, blame

this you? Are you loaded with informahydration. They showed us at this meetyourself, not him.

tion and stories that appeal to those ing that with one tenth of the tin now splendid young fellows? Are you inused in canning peaches, we could HPhe following story is scripture to me.

spiring them with those things you liked preserve the same amount of fruit by I'll never forget it. Its philosophy

when a boy, or is your appeal dry and drying it. They made it clear to us that sticks to me like glue. I picked it up in

parched? Is what you are giving them with one tenth of the price now paid for Scotland while on a mission there:

right "fresh out of the oven"or is it freight, we could transport the same Sandy would go to sleep in church.

the warmedover from the other meals? amount of dried produce. Well, to say {Concluded on page 150)

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE PRESIDENT OF

Richard H. Wells, a member of the

newly organized Eleventh Ward in Pocatello, Idaho, is the presi- r\otam yinternational dent of Rotary International for the v current year—a position of honor and

distinction that comes to few. Until a

few months ago he was a counselor to By HAROLD L SNOW, M.D.

the president of the Pocatello Stake and despite his present busy schedule as head of the largest association of busiHis concern for the welfare of others is Walter Cleare, one of Pocatello's ness and professional men in the world, sincere, yet never goes to seed in highbusiness men, said of him:

he still takes time out to speak at varifalutin'rhetoric or highhat conceit. He loves

prick illogic the I of bubble this never a enter young saw comman pomposity—or services Saint Latterday ous

humor. felt his munity influence so quickmade who and to—withto in the duties other Church. perform

I ly surely as so and predicted Wells. Dick

is of our the grandson famous is vice president He a in Pocatelbank He in early his very career that he would

Utah pioneer, Daniel H. Wells, counlo. He has also served on his selective come one of Pocatello's foremost citizens. beselor to Brigham Young; and he is the service board since its organization,

son of Joseph S. Wells, who was genand is president of the Idaho Society One of Pocatello's leading attorneys

eral manager of the Utah Light and for Crippled Children, as well as chairis credited with saying of him:

Richard H. Wells Company. Railway drive. loan been of the war man has He for solving has Dick a genius the probCity shortly in Salt Lake bein was born at speaker as a types demand many of lems business a small and putting a

fore the turn of the century. His mother of meetings. He is a deep thinker and profit into it.

died when he was six years of age. He an effective speaker.

attended the Salt Lake City schools and Among the talents of Richard H. In 1933 Richard H. Wells was elected

the L.D.S. University. He moved to Wells is that of successfully operating president of the Pocatello Rotary Club.

Pocatello and went in business for himself twentyfive years ago and soon became one of the city's leading citizens.

W. P. Whitaker, president of the

Pocatello Stake, says of the Rotary president: He was active in his priesthood quorum SifiBillfti in his boyhood days. He was president of

the deacons'quorum and held other similar positions. In August 1914, at the age of

seventeen years, he left Salt Lake City for 111'* the Hawaiian Mission where he remained in the mission field until October 1919, a period of five years. His missionary work

love successful. the verywas He gained Pit returnof the people and recently upon his

to Hawaii, as an official of Rotary International, he revisited his mission field and reliiiillliiaii- newed his acquaintances. The love and ii*p

I of the peopleadoration for him were demon- M occasions. numerousstrated on

He came to Pocatello in January 1920, thereafter very shortlyand was made super- m

III:.... '"of the Y.M.M.I.A.intendent First Ward,

About two years thereafter he was chosen as a member of the high council of the

Pocatello Stake, in which position he labored for two years. He was then sustained as

stake superintendent of the Y.M.M.I.A.

which position he occupied until November 1930. He was then sustained as second

counselor to President Henry W. Henderson of the Pocatello Stake presidency, in

H.which1943—apositionperiod heof laboredthirteen untilyears.November RICHARDWELLS

The Rotary Club was the first service club of its kind organized for business and professional men. It originated in

Chicago in 1905. It has grown rapidly

and now consists of 5,285 clubs, has 226,800 members, and is actively functioning in over 50 countries. Its slogans, a business. He runs a lumber yard, a In 1934 he was elected governor of the

"Service above Self"and "He Profits farmimplement store, a shop and repair district. Four years later he was elected

Most Who Serves the Best,"are based department for trucks and farm machinto the board of directors of Rotary Inupon the Golden Rule. ery, two large warehouses, two coalternational at the San Francisco meetyards, an ice plant, a hardware store, ing. It is interesting to know that he

'"Phe Reader's Digest frequently runs and several other smaller businesses. He was nominated for president of Rotary

abstracted articles from The Rosays that such a complicated group of International by the Rotary Club of tarian, international magazine of the businesses are really quite simple to Honolulu. "Dick"served on a mission

Rotary Club. The Rotarian says of manage "if you have the right men and there and has maintained his friendships

Brother Wells: an efficient general office."(Concluded on page 154)

MARCH, 1945 129

Part II Conclusion half mile we would have to get out and rider to return. An old man was there.

break the mud away between the wagon Someone said he had had experiences 1929, I happened to be appraising box and the wheels so they could turn. with Pony Express riders so he was

out near the asked Fort he thought Bridger and would whenInlivestock man turned north about one mile and We return. that fits perfectly His estimate over heard a story one hour was socalled to Fish Springs, for the as came

a concluding chapter to the one told number of minnows in the blue spring less than any of the others. Some scoffed

previously, and if you ever see "Singing water. Here was a hunter's paradise, if at his estimate, but thirty minutes beWires"* in print, see if the man who ever there was one, for there were thoufore the time set by him for the rider's

tapped wires shortly after the time of sands of ducks and geese waiting for return he walked away from the group the escape from Port, and who died someone to kill them. And number- a few yards, placed his ear to the groundthere, might not have been the solution less muskrats were in the rushes below and listened. We watched and waited,

to Port's worries. It might be included the station, which was not much of a one, two, three minutes, and then:

here but that the story took place in place when we went there, and only "Just crossed the bridge at Faust

Wyoming and I am writing about Utah, a part of some of the old buildings were Creek."(Six miles away.)

for part of Nevada was Utah in those in evidence to show where the station We walked over to where he was.

days. had been. This was a home station, the Some of the men were smiling.

From Dugway the road winds up a second from Salt Lake City. "Coming over that gravelly hill by

rather rough, rocky road to the summit the old cemetery, and how he is riding.

where Fish Springs valley is situated to Come of my earliest recollections are Get down and listen. Plain as talking."

the west. Turn south, then west, and of the days I would sit for hours ( Five miles distant.

travel about ten miles and come to what at a time, with my mouth open, listening Some got down. So did I, but all I

was called either Rock House or Black to those old timers tell stories of the heard was my heart pounding. We got

Rock Station which was a dry station Pony Express and kindred subjects, and up, and one of the men offered to bet him

DL PONY EXPRESS

out on a flat with many black rocks that I would swallow them bait, hook, line, $20.00 the rider would not be back

appear to be of volcanic origin. It was sinker, and half of the pole. No one within one hour. He took the bet and

snowing when we arrived and all I questioned the truthfulness of them. offered to bet $50.00 more that the man

could see was a few old tumbled down One man always told of the time he would be there within twenty minutes.

walls. It was near here we did see some kept a station out here somewhere and This bet was also taken. The rider

of the old telegraph poles still standing by placing his ear to the ground could came to us within fifteen minutes.

with the wire on some of them, after hear the rider coming many miles away, I have often wondered if he really thirty years of desert wind and storm. and tell just where he was by the differcould hear that horse coming, or if he

Continue west about ten miles and ent sounds made by the running horse as just took a gambler's chance. Men did

cross Fish Springs flat which is the it passed over the different formations. such things in those days.

muddiest, slickest, stickiest, dirtiest A few years later someone was sick, Back at Simpson I spoke of the volplace I was ever in. Wlien we left and a rider was sent to Tooele, thirtyunteers being of some use at Fish

home, Father had put a shovel in the three miles distant, for medicine and was Springs. It was this way. The rider

wagon. He had been here many times told not to spare horseflesh, for this was going east, I believe it was Wilson, beand knew what to expect, for every a case of life or death. came suspicious, and when he arrived

'"Singing Wires"appeared in The Improvement That evening some men gathered at at the place he expected an ambush, put

Era, December 1944 our place wondering when to expect the his horse to a dead run and went

SairUk* CitQ Ponvj txpress Sfattons Salf Lake to iqan Cannon Travellers %sr

LeqendHome Station Wavj StaTion V

to to.tlilPb to Travellers 14 5in\pson Spring 16 Canijon Uookouf Sprinqs Satf/Lake Rest"9 miles m Willow

to To 12 fa 12 S>prirta.s Deep Creek Resr"Rivcrbsoi Travellers Simpson 9 Carupn Rockwell

- to - II Eiahr'mile t)eep Yo to 6 10 Creek (\pcK*jel| Duaout'Overbed Duqwau "to Antelope to 10 fcujhfmile 10 floijol House fa DuqwciLj RocK Dugout n Camp "- fo lb 10 rlou:>e Fish II East Valleq (o Spring 13 Sprina Rush Antelope Rock Camp Floyd

asf lusli to 1ubh Valleq II '*. Fish Sprinqs (o Boqdb II!>prinQ Valley to <b<MeUkourr\e 12

Rush Valley to Lookouf 9 "els fo Willow Sprinas. 10 5thUbourne fa tqan Cartoon II

Distances as qiven are approxi mafc- * Draw* by Ld5harp I

130 THE IMPROVEMENT?RA

STATIONS

through, shooting his revolver in the air.

The Indians were so surprised they never shot at him but gave chase. He

reported this to the soldiers at Simpson who made a forced march. When he

returned he led those Indians into an ambush, and some said three were killed. always on the verge of starvation. The

only means they of had capturing game north continues the Fish road From it the place, for here wonderful was with a was or and running arrow bow if the distance. short a Pony Now, riders for drivers the it the Express and down. said They to the were have felt a lucky rider and had Express to for the Stage attempted always finest make running legs tribe. of desert any at him, or along rabbit with whole time, lost that time or be might up any

in killed left a foot of least the one the Willow, bit "pROM road runs lost. west this a horses run between on The the in of night, at the dark graveyard, these of stations north selected for been thirteen had miles two about and short take might a he then up moon, then for started the driver turns speed, minute a and west one about mile to Canmountains the over and head canyon out, Station. the is four horses yon run a dead Station on Burnt were possibly

station. Indians were But the to next

It this I station. mile one the east to kept next Station. from and up Canyon

it to better there, in so was bad always either the have the to Station, been and same was was to Burnt not but way Springs Fish of the point ride around riders, for I will the so Canyon, describe with the Express same Pony one saw at about turn south and and Mountains as a there set rock of ambush. danger house out sort no an on a was a of at Boyd's arrive miles Fish eleven from level the us place story near pick Let the from Simpson the of up canmouth

. Salt (later called Here Wells) Station

it Bill I'd yon. through. Possibly better Riley follow and describe and Canstation, name. the the hence kept Boyd

it intelligence Station, Indians for yon desert as burned, an had been Those had with house old of rock remains an The I it it that described to simply marvelous. had system me, as and They was was else. here, nothing and portholes was fire. the before that everything to Station was seemed Canyon know was miles ten and turned west he here From said on, to the station going could never been a have white and dry conmen and socalled from Springs to came Willow sisted figure their log informaof the source of a out house behind and and large a growing around the willows this, adjoining tion. stable the a with was

is in valley. the This out spring now killing going after those door into the the the from shortly of house Now,

it Pete Callao. Neece called Here was stable his the another Indians, to going not and did door go to Peahnamp for all surveyed, he lord of was he was outside. this the Opposite south, to another tribe door but went was down own rode said he station keeper and some district, leading into in this sort his the a of dugout of out squaw, where people

times. at Express odd Pony served. meals sort got cooked were revenge. Riley of and to plan Now, some

The Indians had always been troubleback to the road between these two to thinking things over and decided it some around here and Pete had quite a stations might be healthier if he and some of the time keeping them from stealing him When the road leaves Willow leaders in the killing moved to another blind. He was a very quiet man, and Springs, it runs along just above the station, so he and some of the soldiers

some said he killed a lot of Indians floor of the valley and just under the were transferred west to Canyon, and that no one ever knew ahout. rolling hills to the west and is the finest the soldiers out there went to Simpson.

Now, the Indians in this locality had unimproved road I was ever on. It is The day after Riley had been transno horses. If they got one, they pro- a sort of gravelly substance which packs ferred the stage driver coming from

ceeded to eat the animal, for they were like cement. It is almost level and a {Continued on page 155)

MARCH, 1945 131

8a NEVA WALKER GREEN r postwar llawSt,mnaeri WITHIN OUR GATES f FOR WAGE AND SALARY to trucked camp, everyone and down that I learned months ago in WORKERS Several it. erect the to area helped Today our labor in our Mexicans camp could not make themselves understood in building is erected—in the rough. HowSpanish Fork stores. I wondered how I ever, we need interior furnishings for

would ask for laundry soap or even next year.

toilet soap in Mexico. I realized, then, We endeavored to open our hall on

Jrra /4. fvfarkkam that we, as a community should provide Mexican Independence Day—SeptemDm

some means of contact so they would ber 15, 1944. Arriving early we learned

know that they were part of our comthat the city electricians had not conmunity while living here. After calling nected the light wires so we had to you read recent postwar plans? the Mexican labor camp and offering crowd into the dining room. HaveMost people who lived through

my services, I asked my genealogy The Mexican consul was represented the last World War are taking class to assist me. by Sefior Crisoforo Gomez, presidente these rosy world pictures with a grain

Jack Ellison (who had just completed de la Colonia Mejicana, in Salt Lake of salt. This war is being fought for

a SpanishAmerican mission and is the City. As we stood at attention he freedom from political oppression, not

official interpreter at the labor camp ) presented a large Mexican flag to the freedom from work. As log as we have

and DeVon Hermansen were set apart camp. Sefior Gomez gave a brief speech our health, nobody is going to give us

as missionaries to help contact these and then read greetings from Consul anything, and we are never going to men. Grimm. Mayor Larsen was then inhave anything we don't earn by hard,

Our first meeting was on a cold, rainy troduced and in behalf of Post 68 of the efficient work.

preLegion, Spanish American Fork chilly several that Friday can economics ordinary time only night—so The

flag. large sented American Everyone a serapes. their Brother wore Mexicans It is is easy during war. a suspended be

in salute led attention at the as he stood telling briefly Spanish, in Ellison spoke job, to get hold a and for anyone now

It sight inspiring flag. to the to an was desired and them were what we we who it efficiently and does not or he whether shoulder see Americans Mexicans and feel at to to them make is over, almost time his pay. earns That do—namely

flag, saluting while shoulder, our to our to acquaint with them and wayhome its prevent earth can on power and no beat staffed height theirs equal stood living, principles of of gosthe our and passed, has the ending. peak war When

it. side if like pel. to us they asked would He will hold a or the only who woman man tongue to a be seems common Music cottage with meeting each hold them a ( progress whether prosper and job and

all are extremefor these races, and men in night; class also each Friday a week is office or shop, job the management,

guitar in one's musical. a Put said, enly si,"very "Si, English. They will one be who hands, we sing to strumming, to his several men classes thusiastically. our Mexican Thus only paid understands be hope—political)that he can

began. and the whole atmosphere radiates harout of what he produces, and so will

will. "Viva Mejico,"produce better in order to get better pay. We felt handicapped by the lack of mony and good

sung with America,"many was "Viva arrangepiano, Gull Bishop but a made of the the war, period During many celebraclapping. vivos and The much to for belonging organ use us ments an are people obtained have and young wafers, with tion punch and concluded to ward. first the job they only holding and now I left times. but not passed once many the to fortunate allowed be were Weour are In cases they had. ever have many still 1 1 milling at were p.m. crowds and the old stake seminary use of room therefore trained well not do as and singing famiplayer, guitar the around is blackboards. with equippedwhich the exstandards to not measure up liar songs. Mexican is available, use interpreter no weWhen to pected employers comhave by who first held our 29th September we dictionary. SpanishEnglisha basis the in the business pete world on in Mejicana. meeting Casita Judge our in state every from come men These price. are employees There of some a furnished Salt Ellett of H. Lake A. families. large fromMexico. come They of habits wasteful developed have who talk splendid His much program. was factories, in sugar peopleTheir work material. time both and entertainfollowed an enjoyed. Then etc. railroads,stores, farms, on on and

is plan governpostwar by no There dances, songs and Spanish of ment typical cross represent trulyso they a will that other group or ment any make to us heartwarming how who knowsection people. of Mexican

ambitious lazy or incom- a an make man get. Perez, Raquel these lonesome men friendly, yet are happy and They

efficiently. function petent employee in artistically costume, garbed Mexican respectful. havealways These men

is will that yet plan devised no There singwith audience her the captivated as part of our communitybecome until retaining employer keep an from dancing. ing, her playing guitar and her singing at Kiwanis severalevinced by

last, the the employees have very who several popular Balderas sang Eduardo gatherings ofand Chamber Commerce efficient attitude, are a most good who called clapped they and numbers. How part L.D.S. taken otherswhile on have the most. produce and who listened they speak, to for more! Urged special a programs. Sundayward Each

Sunday School class with a Spanishintently as he told of his faith in the Every individual should make his own speaking teacher is held in our ward. L.D.S. religion. It was late when we postwar plan and begin now to practice

Many have been guests in our homes; closed with prayer but not too late for it. The basic elements of such a plan

not only enjoying the hospitality, but Raquel to hold court. Hungry to talk would be as follows

begher, to the around, crowded menlearning customs. our little as can. as today Spend you You ging her every week! to back come

will will help prices build keep and down you considerably attendance still dropped into pebble, as thrown Just aAur is to reserve, the best your which own way it circles, so to English water, widening ever is a as mile from makes camp independent. become

class, and the men are tired after workthat first meeting, held on a cold, rainy ing long hours, so we were anxious to night, has spread ever widening circles Get the habit now of maximum skill, efficient the production, best doing job you friendliness. hall reerected.get recreation will of and a With good We possibly will can. in the ranks be Then you to feel state facing permissionceived the from problems postwar us, we

likely will those to be keep more who building in confident to the a and our of C.C.C. camp that whatmove we practice their jobs.

Sefior Carlos Grimm, the Mexican daily lives will be reflected in these consul, arranged with the Utah Counmen's daily lives, while the ties of mutuThis is a postwar program for true cil of InterAmerican Affairs to pay the al respect, friendliness and tolerance freedom-—the freedom of independence,

amount needed to move it. which these contacts have established and no American worthy of the name

As soon as the building was torn between us will grow stronger. wants any other.

132 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 1VI Y PRIWG L-J.l Phobia By LU ACIN E CLARK FOX

some people it's hives, hay the kitchen in its grayishcream condibefore the onlooker's gaze comes toWithfever, or other such diseases of tion became intolerable. the other corner, there is the fireplace.

early springtime; but with me it's Then the "breakfast room"fell next Right there. The only other thing on

purely and simply houseredecorating. under my critical gaze. that wall is a window, a high window,

as elegant consists of nothing andThis

In thefarreaching as term implies. our lornlyIts oneacrosssmalla narrowwindowdrivewaylooked intoformindfor existenceyou, withasaboutthe proverbialas much excusemanmuch "berationed,""betaxed,"and the unrelenting face of the red brick inthe-moon. There is one nice wall in

"bebusied"state, houseredecorating wall of the house next door. I often the room containing a wide window

sigmicroscopic to almostdwindles the garoffers of stunning an a view had to gaze at my watch to ascertain that nificance. cases, I frankly In adstreet, alley some the across ages a short and

mit, my particular spring phobia has the corner store. Oh, my yes, the living

found fulfilment in nothing more than room needed something.

a vague rearrangement of the furniture in a room. Dy this time I couldn't sleep nights.

For instance: We had the bedroom Attractive rooms from paint, linoset in the room we fondly and elegantly leum, and bathroom fixture advertisecall the "dressing room."(This is bements haunted me. "Before"and

cause it has the only excuse for a closet "after"pictures put me into a nice menin the house, where my husband's and tal paddedcell. I argued with myself.

my clothes gasp weakly for air in what Others had done it. Why couldn't we?

little room is left from the space occuPaint, a bit of carpentering here and pied by shoe boxes, hat boxes, and all there, a new curtain or two...

of the things we are going to store The fever, once started, mounted away in boxes and put down in the rapidly. I read books on interior rebasement when we have time.) Havdecoration; I haunted the drapery deing the bedroom there was a wonderful partments in downtown stores; peered

idea. The bed could go there, the dressearnestly at lengths of chintz and broer- there, and the dressingtable cades I knew we could never afford

THERE! It was so simple. It was too in a million years. In general, I gave

simple. Because the dressing room was myself over to intensive inner torment.

tiny, that was the only way the furniWhen the time came, I broached the

Henry John carefully. Evans, u- subject as Figure arranged.ture could be we—Illustrated[rom sketchesby author by the it be nice, darling, to fit in "Wouldn'tmight, any one not piece would

other spot. Well—we endured it for make these rooms more cheerful; to

a while. Until spring came, you know, brighten up the kitchen, etc. etc.?"You

and then of course we had to move it the time of day, so feeble was the light know.

all back into... if you can imagine, that came in through its panes. Clearly To tell the truth, I think my husband

the bedroom. the "breakfast room"needed its face has the same phobia as I have. It wasn't

Really, it's remarkable what a slight lifted. long before we had decided to do over

change in surroundings can do to your The dining room? Well, the color the whole house. Just with paint, of

morale. A veritable tonic. Naturally, scheme was one I was sick and tired of course, and a wee bit of carpentering.

joys lesser of seeing. the withthe wrong There was nothing time came when saturating house our ended by We

satisfy us. failed to lookedredecoration I had just it, you understand, Our recolor. kitchen walls at with now The

souls yearned for more extensive exit for seven years and strongly felt that flect a bright sky blue! The woodwork

pression. I began to get a faraway look the cream walls, the rustcolored rug is shiny white. (Shiny because paint

in my eye when I went into the kitchen. and the deep blue covers on the chair with high gloss is much easier to

In place of the pallidlooking, grayish seats had served their time. clean.) A wallpaper border of whitecreamcolored walls, I saw—I didn't As for the living room! The fireas a background for vividly colored

know what, but in my mind's eye, a place is at the end of the room. Acfruit, and glued just above the shouldermagazine advertisement kitchen floated tually, it is... no cozy groupings, high molding seems to pull the walls

round and round. The kitchen was no sofas or loveseats facing each other together and makes the big room aptransformed into a glamorous salon across the space in front of it, no nothpear to be much cozier than it is. The

with walls done in, oh, some other ing! It isn't even a corner fireplace. cupboards we painted a gay lacquer,

color, and the whole affair accented by The eye begins in one corner of the red on the inside and white on the outred and white. After this mental vision, room, follows the wall line, and just (Continued on page 159)

MARCH, 1945 133 LOGAN LD.S. INSTITUTE ADDS

ITS LIBRARYBY DR. MILTON R. HUNTER IKam 5ook6 TO

histories and magazine, comprising several volumes; numerous rare pamphlets, newspaper clippings, and sermons; most of the volumes of Mormon

and Utah history written by Andrew

Jenson; the "Smoot Investigation";

Stansbury's Report of Salt Lake; several

volumes of Parry's Magazine; a number

of volumes of The Herald—an early

publication of the Reorganized Church, and a set of histories of the same denomination; a majority of the biographies of Church leaders; Gregg's,

The Prophet of Palmyra; Linn's, Story

of the Mormons; Stenhouse's Rocky

Mountain Saints; copies of The Deseret

News Weekly; histories of the Mormons written by Joseph Smith, Brigham

CASES OF ADDITION THE NEW AND Roberts, F. RARE H. Whitney, Orson Joseph

L.D.S. RECENTLY BOOKS TO ADDED THE LOGAN in the Logan Fielding fifty Smith, others; and copies INSTITUTE LIBRARYTheL.D.S.numberInstituteof bookslibrary has been of the Faith Series; Promoting many

doubled during the past six months; volumes written by recent and presentand this has been accomplished without ty of friends of the Logan L.D.S. Instiday Mormon authors, which include the

cost to the Church except for the beautute, people who wanted to leave a works of Dr. James E. Talmage, Dr.

tiful bookcase which contains the hunmemorial to the school, the complete John A. Widtsoe, and Richard L.

dreds of volumes in this library. Appurchase price of the books was Evans; and numerous other volumes.

proximately seven hundred have been donated. In addition to paying for this

added recently. Among the new books excellent library, these friends also

are many rare ones on early Latterday presented the Institute with a number

Saint history and theology, such as a of volumes from their private colleccopy of the first edition of the Book of tions. They knew that placing the IS YOUR CHURCH LIKE

Mormon (sometimes priced by book books in the Institute would make themdealers at approximately $100) and a available to hundreds of college students THIS ONE?

first edition of the history of the Prophet during years to come, for research work in history, for and Utah and written Smith Mormon his mother.Joseph by

the learning of prinTheon afollowingChristmasmessagecard andwasleftwrittenat the purpose the gospel offers library to theThe Institute now serious student an abundance of pubciples. The donors were assured that Dallas chapel, and forwarded to us

lished materials for research work in their gifts would be in safe keeping and by Ervin A. Atkerson of Dallas, Texas:

Mormon history and theology and in under careful supervision.

Utah history. It has long been understood that anyAn Expression Within

Last summer an advertisement apone having valuable Church literature 17 December 1944 it could preserve its usefulprolong and in offerpeared Salt the Tribune Lake mind, the desire to attend A curious it giving ness to Latterday Saint bying for sale a library books of Mormon services in the Dallas Chapel (1716 institutes seminaries. or Church Years collectedwhich had been an elderly by started Garrett) Dallasward from me after the to the donors passed have fiftygentleman years'period of over a this Gainsville morning.

other gifts their will continue to worldtime. this In to response advertisement,

the faculty of the Logan L.D.S. Institute bless the people of the Church and the That schedule which would have had

time here contrary. on went me As a schools. these attendvisited the who his students gentleman that and found

result chapel I viewed empty aboutlibrary rare indeed a valuable and was this 1:20 p.m. in the sense receiving the several date—emptyan hundred After containingone, four hunapproximately

no forms human were moving books, Institute that in additiondred volumes new the Logan on Mormonism about, but filled with expectation and clipfaculty pamphlets,to numerous had the problem of providing newspaper pings, and copies of sermons in the same a suitable bookcase to contain this unprogress.

field. Thereupon they purchased this usual and rapidly growing library. Dr. In front of me I saw our two great

unusual collection for the Institute Franklin L. West, the progressive leaders in masterful form; the M.I.A.

library. The owner who had spent so Church commissioner of education, theme: two giant simulated thermommany years collecting and studying authorized the construction of an ateters pressing upward, remembering

these four hundred volumes parted with tractive bookcase patterned after the the servicemen; a beautiful organ;

them very reluctantly even after he had one in the east end of the Logan Insacrament in readiness—every evidence

advertised them for sale. He was a true stitute library. When completed it was of order, activity, of worship to the

lover of books, and, although not a entirely in harmony with all other parts Giver of all.

Latterday Saint, treasured deeply his of the beautiful institute building and a The classrooms show preparedness, collection of Mormon literature. He excredit to the Church. each equipped to teach; the recreation

pressed satisfaction that the books were In addition to the volumes previously hall, decorations, a Christmas tree.

to remain together in one library and be mentioned, among the rare and valuable I picture this branch of the Church made of service to many people inbooks in the Logan Institute library are teeming with activity, cheerfulness. I

stead of being scattered throughout the the following: a complete set of the would like to become a part of it.

country by book dealers. Journal of Discourses; a complete set Your chapel radiates, empty of memThe next problem which confronted of the Contributor; sixty volumes of bers; it must glow during your services!

the Institute faculty was to secure the the Millennial Star; many copies of The

money with which to pay for the newly Improvement Era, Juvenile Instructor, Another member, acquired library. Through the generosiand Young Woman's Journal; Tullidge's J. C. Brown

134 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA He let some steam into the cylinders.

The old engine bucked out the slack, on their way.

wraith and they were thought of the Mel O.'ld

By FRANK BENNETT girl.lived Shein thewastinya whitefrail littlebungalowthing.aboveShe

the Shilo crossing. He remembered the

first time he'd seen her. Her mother was

VyLD Mel McGarry shot a glance blow up?"he yelled above the clatter holding her up, a tiny baby, to watch the

across the rocking cab of old 104 at his of the wheels on the rail joints. train go by. That had been eight years

son. Young Charley stood by the left "Never has,"old Mel retorted. ago. He'd seen her almost every day

window, the scoop handle gripped in Charley dug his scoop into the coal, since then. A pretty little kid. He

one big leathergloved hand, trying to kicked the fire door wide and scattered glanced at his old silver watch. It would

see ahead into the raindrenched night. the coal neatly over the blaze. He was take some hurrying to make the exit. fireman, throttle. a the and he good knew opened And press. He Mel. old was worried Charley He little Hill. this engine. hated old of hit junky he the bottom Caney They faithlike youngsters. too had many He light at spotted Charley. a His wavering glanced Then Mel Mel Once

feel things could see in the he and rain. in in the thick glistened the face ahead with sweat young

rails, steel clean of ribbons two it,only—like fire. too, light Charley a the "Somebody's good red from saw was He

in the water of the water theor mark flaggin'said. us,"all long the lad, he knew. up And Mel

strength. his a But mangauge, or own fire off "Ain't in cut pull, the the steam. holes the kept Old Charley Mel

that, old faith than Mel moreneeds for at Shilo stuck here month,"the a stopped been gauge covered, steam and in faith needs a Sometimesknew. man what's mark. muttered. the right there wrong?"he twohundred "Wonder on

feel. Faith or can't things seethe he the beside to the hill stop a screeched then and over they were They And

is clear. the track thethat bend beyond fast. platform, a little cinder creek the and bottoms saw approaching Mel

Faith other people.Faith in that things huddle to and Mel cab rock madly, began of people standing there with a The

best. for theusually happen lantern. the creek somethe steam. cut off Here

But you couldn't make Charley beBill Page, the brakeman, came splashtimes got over the tracks. The headlieve that. Mel knew. He'd tried. But ing up toward the engine. "They're lights sliced through the blackness, and

Charley was too bitter to believe. Bittakin'a sick kid to the Junction to catch old Mel saw what he had expected to

ter about being bumped off the main the express for Charleston,"he yelled see—the tracks disappear in a sheet of

line and switched to this job on the up at Mel. "Appendix ruptured. An muddy water.

wheezy old engine that pulled the mixed emergency. Reckon we can catch the Young Charley had seen it, too. He

train from the Junction to Welborn express at the junction?"came across the cab, walking spreadit his "Is balance. a to legged keep back.and girl—about eight—yellow

asked. yelled. under!"he "Track's Mel throttle notch hair?"the a opened Mel Old Bill surprised. you opened looked grimly "How'd and nodded Old Mel Charley gauge. at the steam pointedand

just throttle a bit. know?"the above towering stood and overcame in ain't into his the mornyelled her!""She Charley at me waved "Stop his goodlooking thin sneer onhim, a answered. Bill for ings three to see days,"ahead ear. Mel send up "We'll face.young "Tell her not We'll to worry. make the bridge."about ma

"Ain't you scared this old kettle'll it!"(Concluded on page 155)

MARCH, 1945 135 QuiredJ/loves On Japanese Group Primary Secretary

A presidency of former missionaries pERN Dansie was appointed secretary CORRECTION to the Japanese Mission (now the of the Primary General Board on Tn preparing copy for the February * inadvertently Era Herwe named PacificCentral Mission) to aid 20. the time of the January appointher At

ald L. Carlston of as bishop the newlyJapanese of the in Salt members Church she ment secretary the was of Grant created the of Park Monument WardLake, into formed study group, a now Stake School has Sunday board and Bonneville Stake. is bishop Thehas appointed. been are They Fred in been active Primary, School, Sunday Christiansen. A. Horace CarlElder

Harding, president, with Emerson T. and M.I.A. work. Miss Dansie, who ston is a member of the stake high

Baggaley and Fred Nash as counselors. filled a mission to the Southern States, council.

A committee has also been appointed to 193739, succeeds Lillian Jensen who look after the welfare of newcomers to resigned last November following her the Salt Lake area. It is composed of marriage and removal to California. Missionaries Released H. Tomlinson,John chairman, Fred C.

Curtis, M. A. Pond, and A. J. Elggren. Telephone Directory Listings January

Bureau of groupThe approximately

Salt Lake ofCity;Information,Mrs. UnaPalmyra:Viola P.JohnGiles.DavisSaltGiles,Lake fifty Cervicemen and others seeking the Saints willJapanese City. continue their membership in the various wards where they location of missions and branches Canadian: Virginia Parker, Salt Lake City.

now live. This activity is under the dimay find them by looking for the uniform East Central States: David Jay Wells. American

listing Utah; Hill, James in the Baker. Oregon. Norman directories telephone unFork,rection of Elders A. John Widtsoe and

Eastern States: Sterling David Wheelwright, Washder of of Latter- "Church Jesus Christ B. the ofHarold Council the Lee of ington, D.C.; Cragun Edna Wheelwright, WashingSaints."day ton, D.C.; Darley, Wellsville, Roy Maughn Utah.Twelve, and assistant Sonne, to Alma

the Council of the Twelve. Elder Benson Chihuahua,Mexican: Mexico;Bertha IrmaAdelbertBrown,R. ColoniaTaylor, Dublan.Colonia

Dublan, Chihuahua, Mexico; Walser Delmar Wagner, CreditWelfare Card Casas Grandes, Mexico; Helena Wall, Provo. the Nuevas of IhLDEr Ezra Taft Benson

Utah. sixteen stakes and one hundredHPhe Council of the aphas been Twelve NavajoZuni: Ernest Wilkins, Nutrioso, Arizona;

sixteen wards which comprise the pointed to the Boy Scouts of America Hilda Serena M. Wilkins, Nutrioso, Arizona.

England: Warren Oswell Jackson, New Ogden,Salt region Lake relationships. committee of the Church welfare on The comUtah; William Salt LeGrand Francom, City. Lakeplan are deals now experimenting with servRural Scouting with a mittee Northern California: Huff, Salt Lee William

welfare credit card as they endeavor ice, interRacial service, Protestant City. Lake

Central States: North Sorensen. Wilford Salt H.to service, the improve distribution service, of necessities Catholic and Jewish

City. Lake service, the needy. general relationships and servStates: Northern St. L. Mable Clair E. Hansen,

is card civic, schools, ice to the issued to the fraternal, Anthony, new Idaho; person to St. and William Moroni Hansen,to A Anbe aided each month, and on its columns veterans'organizations. Leavitt,thony, Idaho;Alton,GraceWyoming;Hepworth,VirginiaHinckley,DareUtah;ChristophDonna

are spaces for credits issued and witherson, Logan, Utah.

B.Y.U. Receives Specimens South African: Josephine Folland,drawals. Salt Credits set Howells have in been up

City; Lake Richard Folland, E. Salt City. Lake attemptan to take values monetary from rtfloRE three reptiles than hundred and States: Southern Bailey, Rupert, Joseph Edward

assistance. welfareChurch system The Idaho; Franklin Ernest Springville, Binks, Utah. amphibian specimens more and

will tried in be thoroughly Salt the SpanishAmerican: Salt Evans, Robert Lake Morgan Lake than sixteen insects thousand have been City; Hill, Salt William City; Scott Norman Lakeregion before tried in being the other

Salt Pyper City; Wallace, Lake Scott Walter McDade, received Brigham by the UniverYoungregions. Jr., Mesa, Arizona; Salt City; Lloyd, Neal Roy Lake sity zoology department from GuadalElvin Dale Richardson, California; Angeles, Los Manuel Salt Sanchez Torres, Isaac Lake City; canalJoseph Earl Webb, the Islands. Admiralty and Smith Sword They

Arizona. Mesa sent were Lt. D. Eldin by and Beck Tahitian: Ernest Rossiter, Salt C. Lake City; Venus 7V pearlhandled dresssword "of

Rossiter, Robinson Salt City. Lake Reinchisell, Ernest faculty memsteel good true"in and encased a Corp. Teuscher, Texas: Henry Idaho. Geneva, leave of bers on absence the from Briggs, Western Canadian: Magrath, Hardy Donbronze is scabbard which believed to

Alberta, Canada. the B.Y.U. forces,, with armed andhave belonged the to Prophet Joseph States: F. Falls, Arrington, Western Jacob Twin Technical Sergeant a Taylor, Doyle E. Idaho.Smith, has been secured by the Church

Historian's library through the efforts former student of the university. (Concluded on page 146)

of Mrs. Millicent McKellar, of Tempe,

Arizona, and Elder Spencer W. KimMISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME JANUARY 8. 1945, AND LEAVING

ball of the Council of the Twelve. JANUARY 77 AND 18, 1945

The gift was from Mrs. Florence

Barnes Roth, of Tempe, Arizona, explained in a letter accompanying the sword: This sword has been in our family for many years and was always known as

Joseph Smith's sword. It belonged to my

paternal grandfather, Col. Myron Samuel

Barnes and was given to him while he lived at Rock Island, New York. Grandfather

was very active in masonry and prominent in politics so I presume someone thought he would like the sword.

right, Reading left to from first row: sword, apparentiy The which used was

Carlos, Loa Ruby B. Colton, Don MonaJ. Wilson,A. Swenson,Annie PearlE. B, Swenson,Schmutz, MyraErma G.Rogers,Linde,JacobaEthel W.H. Maurer,Vanderfor dress occasions, taken was in some way CharlesLinden, Maurer. M.

after Joseph Smith was killed in Carthage, Second row: Isaac H. Rogers, Cornelius C. Vander Linden, Mary A. Thomas, Elsie S. Howell, Eliza B. John-

E. ston, Marcell Harriet Schmutz, B. Christensen. Elizabeth Zundel. 111. This I believe, 1844, was in but the

Elijah Third row: Leo Edith Tenney, Thomas, Marion Howells, Mary Ann Jones, Dora B.sword did probably not the come into Peterson, M. Christensen.J. Peterson, Wilford Thelma Edward.

possession of my grandfather until about Fourth row: Thomas Grover, Anna R. Neff, Nathan O. Tenney.

Fifth Soelberg, C. row: Call, Lucille Pratt, Jensen, O. Samuel Neff, Marie A. Jacob Horace A. Ana

Faragher, Lola Worthington, Dale B. Reeve.gave1 860. itWhereto himit I wasdo notin theknow,interimbut andtherewhois S. Briggs, Sixth Jones, A. R. row: Halverson, Sidney William Presley C. Rymer, Lang, A. Reed Dee S.

no doubt in my mind that it is authentic. Timothy, Sterling C. Threet. Philbert Norton.

136 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA OLD WOMAN, WEAVING LULLABY FOR AN ADOLESCENT RECEIVERS

By Margaret Schaffer Connelly, R.N. By Vera White By John E. Donovan

1 whitehaired 'he the weaver bent over shall two we know of this hour f ooking around and noting the how minds Only * loom I sing stillness to Which *> separate seekers Of for the common good the glistening, Sending shuttles busy in share your woe. Who reft the veil of Have ignorance that blinds

... forth back and forth and... back tall know, one, my We veil that to that The all time search withas a nesting scuttles Much swallow long pains The of growing; stood

the About of quarters the eaves. crowded my young We know, one, Seeing often birth of how some new thought

Their hardstartled power. Occurs in gifted brains the selfsame hour, her gray sparkled pride old eyes And with

As she noted the pastel threads that clung We know the tears that are owned How some elusive secret has been caught

To the smooth surface of the raceboard side. In this darkness, By more than one at once, and made to

wish the Like tick steady the of a clock, baton The to be little, One flower;wonders if the seeds are cast abroad, carried, And in ears like her ancient Rung music. some

And curled. Sowed in the ether by the Highest Source

She had heard it in the house of her Lord! We know the arms For those who can aspire, and one is awed

Each shot of weft she shaped elastic Too new from the clinging, To contemplate such rare and blest disThat the impact shake not the studded floors, Babysoft clinging, course.

But the night lamp's oil trembled in conAnd need to be held. And one resolves his mind so to prepare

fusion We know, my growing one, That God may leave good knowledge in his

And its flame lighted her knotted old fingers. With what reluctance care.

the takes Heart blood, new the She resumed of threads, weaving blood, the but The growth urgent.

action memory's BRIEF FURLOUGH the hear cradle need We swift sure, pressing and Was now here its last hour. Sob By LeRoy Burke Meagher there, and

it stillness, Sing to the that halo Like circled her graying son came home from war the other the clock struck ten ere And the weaver head. Sing soft to this lifechange. MYday

knotted Goodnight, my baby, To walk familiar rooms tall And courage, my The last thread and made her way to bed. secure make one. And the items time had dimmed Rest now, son, young my And mute. war made too He had to much Rest sure in growth. your say

LYRICAL MIRACLES Of trifling things to hide from me his hours

By P. Bracken HOMING OfI thoughtwaitingtoofor insignificantthe news to write:

S. Lucy By Burnham did the chores while he Who gone. was through the jpOETS ages sing flowers what a of glimpse heavenly beauty, * laughter love and Of... hope and Just I grew, I what books read that like, he might not might noticed have You spring. next lilacs at all, Did spill door

Yet, I ask them, what of these—The glow of yellow lamplight Across the fence again this spring for ours. Upon my kitchen wall. Yelloiv slabs of Cheddar cheese. My son returned last night, with shellSpicy, ovenenchanted ait. scarred face

Butter, gold on willow ware... SONGCOST And eyes, which knew too much

death, syrup's full Of Maple brimmed amber gleam of ordinary things

I held, until cakes he came, brown too... and yellow By Clarence Edwin Flynn On stacked commonplace.

cream song great is a very thing, costly A... Slant. on.. bright of sun blue bowls Because a heart must be. whitehot

.. Celestial.. ** rolls. scent of cinnamon sing; to SAFELY UNBORN

Oh, I'm certain this is true: And fire, though it may make a lovely light, By Margery Ruebush Shank

thing the very it,makesPoems grow in kitchens, too! Consumes so bright. 'TPhrough every minute of the day be of or of joy, sorrow The flame may

But even fires of ecstasy destroy * And second of the night,

Life's fibers, and burn out the strenqth they Guard the ships that blaze the skies

ON SAYING THANK YOU hold. In combat flight!

Song passes through the furnace, as does Controlling these, with other lads

By Elaine V. Emans gold. Is one I cherished so

henever I grow impatient with someHe who would sound an everliving strain AnotherSnugly safewarbeneathago! my heartW,one, Must bear the crucible, endure its pain,Forgetting to say thank you, I must look However exquisite. The song that thrills

echoes from the important giving everlasting moreAt With have done, You hills, NEIGHBOR setsFather, spirit the listening remembering And I took all aglow, the way

And used, and somehow left my gratitude Costs birth pangs that the hearer cannot By Janet Moore

Quite unexpressed. Oh, I have bowed my know. HPo the oldtime pioneer

set Hark, ye head ages listening, would who * "Neighbor"the meant field whose man is great thanked for the shelter a very song costly thing.And You and the A his; Bordered to at the end whom food furrow Of he gossiped of seed yield and raiment beauty, and saidAnd I have while their The rested. horses

I friends. often you for ButThank accept

Your gifts like faith and courage as a matter Now hands reach hands around the globe

Of course, and hope and laughter. I have On wings of sound and wings of chrome;

kept China, Guam, and Mandalay

A thousand other goodnesses You scatter Are but a few short fields from home

Along my path like berries for the birds. With common crops invested.

And been provoked when friends forgot the Old AngloSaxon "neighbor"bears words! The worldwide message: one who cares.

MARCH, 1945 137 pata

TJTeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake * * Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio netBy RICHARD L EVANS work THROUGH KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING SYSTEM EVERY Sunday at 12:00 noon Eastern War Time, 11:00 a.m. Central War

Time, 10:00 a.m. MountainWar Time, and 9:00 a.m. PacificWarTime.

will never cover the earth until men live righteously. Peace

until lives patto the conform be assured our never vl/e willJso Ukoia lA/ko Jklnk Jkeyi is the or place incident not time of peace. of tern And the

i5om Uoo <=Late or Joo J>coon vitalwere issue.born tooSuchsoonis orourtooanswerlate. to those who think they

fTnderwonderthe whytensionit felloftothesetheir dayslot to therelive inarethisthoseparticularwho—January 28, 1945.

troubled time and generation—those who feel perhaps that \Jn jroliowlna tke Lrou/d

if they could have chosen their time of life they could have that HPhe beginning of a new year is conceded to be a good timechosen better—back in some golden age, whenever

might have been, or in some golden age of the future, whento look critically at some of the factors that make up ever that might be. But there are good reasons for saying our lives, at some of the things we do, and at some of the

that perhaps it doesn't matter so much when people are thinking, both true and false, that we indulge in. One of

born, so far as genuine happiness and usefulness are conthe fallacies that often appears under this critical scrutiny cerned. There are both happy and unhappy people in every is the old and unimpressive excuse that we must do certain

generation; in every generation there are misfits and there things merely because "everybody is doing them"—which

are those who adapt themselves well to the circumstances of course is threadbare and untenable. In the first place,

of their own day. This has nothing to do with time or the "everybody"isn't doing them. In any crowd, thinking

material conveniences of life, and we wouldn't eliminate the people, whether they are in the minority or the majority, causes of unhappiness simply, by changing our time of life. are still shaping their own thoughts, making their own deciAnd if we really want to know why we were born now, the sions, and regulating their own personal conduct, and the

chances are we would have wanted to know why were we philosophy, among our young people especially, of doing born at any time in which we might have been born. Way things merely "to be a good sport"is an insidious doctrine,

back before we knew anything about sulfa drugs and cellogreatly to be feared and constantly to be resisted. One

phane, there were still people who wanted to know why thing that youth should remember is that the crowd is not they were born then, and no doubt there always will be. always right. On the contrary, all history proves that the

But the foundations of happiness are quite apart from such crowd is so very often wrong. It is the crowd who have

things. There is no generation that has not had to face evil. stoned the prophets and ridiculed the pioneers of every

As far back as you care to pursue history, you will find a generation. It is usually the crowd who start a boy doing

record of warfare, captivity, slavery; you will find those "just this once,"as they say, things which lead to bad habits

who have stoned prophets and ridiculed the righteous. There and more serious consequences. Often it is the crowd who

is no generation in which you might have lived in which lead us into trouble and desert us when we are in trouble.

you would not find someone who would be ready to take Following the crowd unthinkingly is often an indication away human liberties when the vigilance of the people is of lack of moral courage, or lack of understanding. The

relaxed, or when their inward defenses have become weakgreat deceiver of all men, who was a liar from the beginning, ened. There have been great men and little men in all ages; has no more useful method of leading his subjects astray

tyrants and patriots in all ages; oppressors and oppressed. than by suggesting that they do things merely because the

The important thing about life is that a man live according crowd does them; and those who persuade others to do

to the best knowlege of the generation in which he finds himwhat they know they shouldn't do, because they desire to self, and render the greatest service according to the needs have company in their foolishness, are inviting grave hazard and circumstances of his time. If he does this, he will be gento themselves and to others, because the crowd usually hasn't

uinely happy and successful no matter in what generation he any very good idea where it is going. The crowd can't think.

so, lest think. individuals is only blindly can And who we the basiclives—because

follow deciwell to the our crowd, it be would make ownthe ultimate purposes of life—inrules remainevery constant,generation.andAndso so,do It

accept the time in which the Lord God has made it possible sions in accordance with our own convictions, because the for you to live, and get in and do the job that needs to be crowd may be going in the wrong direction, as it has done done. True, there are things about our time we don't like. so many countless times before. January 7, 1945.

It's up to us to see that they are eliminated. Righteousness Revised

138 THE IMPROVEMENT 5RA tetffl MDpDG

is the assurance of a future that induces us to work beyond the point of satisfying our immediate needs. It is in anticipaWar 4mzJ tion of future happiness that we counsel youth to forego

Tations at war are repeatedly called upon for a definition indulgences and dissipations that may tempt them in the of their war aims. In our own history, of course, the present. Indeed, we have learned to deal in futures in all

most frequent answer to the question, "What are we phases of living, and a life that does not look toward an fighting for?"is that we are fighting for freedom, for democendless future is a frustrated and meaningless and empty life,

racy, for the American way of life, for the rights of man, and leaves too much to be explained. But the glorious cerfor security, for peace. These are good words, it is true, and tainty that there will always be a future, is an assurance that

they have deep meaning for each of us; but certainly they is often abused—an assurance that sometimes causes people

don't mean the same thing to all people. And they have to rely too much on the future to the shameful neglect of

been so carelessly used that sometimes and in some places, the present. There are, for example, parents who are althey may have stood in danger of becoming mere words. ways going to get better acquainted with their children—at

And so, suppose for a moment we try to simplify the answer sometime in the future when the pressure is less great.

those are There it while they can. better do had against They fighting question, to the answer are we "What—the

to going are themselves, to reform going who it who are fighting to its simplest for?"are and what To reduce we terms, there is only one enemy in the world that any man give up some of their objectionable habits—sometime

has, and that enemy is evil. Evil plays many roles and when it is more convenient. There are those who are

assumes many disguises and makes its way sometimes into going to start saving, start being neighborly, start watching the most unexpected places. It isn't always an easy thing their health, start living with more discrimination and wisit. They had to put your finger on it, because sometimes evil appears dom—sometime when they get around to

to be so utterly respectable. Perhaps this isn't simplifying better do it while they can. There are those, old and young,

are going to improve their minds, or train their hands, the question at all. Perhaps it is complicating it—but the who

fact remains that our fight must be against evil, and for a who are going to prepare themselves for opportunities ahead can. In an they better it while do had They will that of life from and be free world a way—sometime. evil—the

life important that is there more part of eternal journey is no truth; evil that evil that the causes or a opposes a man

nation to covet what another has; the evil that beckons to than any other. Today is the future for which we were

indulgence in forbidden things; the evil that causes a nation waiting ten years ago. And some of the things we postor a people to forget its principles and ideals, and to disponed then, we're still postponing for some other future.

regard the commandments of God. Global war, socalled, The promise of things to come is glorious and beautiful and is even more global than we suspect, for, while there are real—"a new heaven and a new earth,"in the language of

objectives to be won in welldefined geographic areas, evil scripture. And, predicated upon obedience to certain Godis no respecter of geography, no respecter of boundaries. given fundamentals, there are everlasting compensations to

It recognizes no neutrality. It is the same evil that the be realized, but not by those who don't do anything about

it. This is life—this is yesterday's tomorrow—and if we world has always had to fight—since the beginning of time,

learned to live it now, we'll have to sometime. Forand before—the evil that has written on the pages of history, haven't

concerning nations that could win a war on a distant front tunately and gloriously, there will always be a future—but

and lose it in their own hearts, in their own lives, and in this fact does not justify our neglecting the obligations of their own homes. And so, in answer to the question, "What the present.—January 21, 1945.

fighting for are are the destruction we fighting for?"—we

tolerate Revised of evil wherever and no more we find it, we must it among ourselves than we do among our enemies.

—January 14, 1945.

LfledUrday Ane of the distinguishing attributes of intelligence in men is the faculty of thinking and planning for the future. It is this that causes

us to plan so that we may harvest that gives us the wisdom to preserve a part of our harvest for seedtime so that we may plant and harvest again. It

MARCH, 1945 139

thesis of growth. He knows also that hatred is harder

on the person who experiences it than on the person against whom the emotion is loosed. Editorials

Yet, we say, how can we avoid hating the perpetra- "V the &Uiurauonti 11 torsenemiesof evilof oursdeeds?whoHoware causingcan we suchavoidtragedyhating intheseour

personal lives? How can we distinguish between their

A common expression used to describe the changes actions and themselves? Such a differentiation is indeed

difficult is to make, yet it of not achieveimpossible and "circumstances is the and phrase by war it fact, attain that is highly necessary to we the duration.""For unavailable "for ment. of goods Weoccasionedread

is this peace to permanent to the ever come ideal—ifIn the duration"; of services discontinued "for the duration"; of establishments closed "for the duration"; of earth. It is only when we make a careful distinction in luxuries and pleasures, oftravels and trips, that are our own minds—and abide by the differentiation—that

definitely "for out the duration"; of men and women in weteachings.approximateListentheto theseideal whichwords Christof the Savior:set forth in his service "for duration."the

It is as This in time is realized it must be of war. by that it hath heard been said, Thou shalt love thy Ye have

life that sane person every in time cannot be the of war thine hate neighbour, enemy. and

itself as in time in of peace. in same is an evil, and War that you, bless enemies, But I say unto your them Love

face the of of the things a great of life evil some good curse that hate you, pray to them good for them you, and do must be temporarily sacrificed, both tangible and inwhich despitefully use you, and persecute you;

tangible. That ye may be the children of your Father which is in

But we are also aware that this philosophy is abused heaven: for he maketh his sun to rise on the evil and on the

in some instances—that there are those who use war as good, and sendeth rain on the just and on the unjust.

ancusable—thatexcuse for somethingsthingswhichareotherwiseblamed mightonto warnot which,be exdoFornot ifevenye lovethe publicansthem whichthe lovesame?you, what reward have ye?

in reality, war is not responsible for, but is merely used And if ye salute your brethren only, what do ye more than as a cloak to cover a multitude of sins and shortcomings. others? do not even the publicans so?

Goodness knows war has enough to account for, Be ye therefore perfect, even as your Father which is in without unfairly adding to the appalling list of the things heaven is perfect. (Matt. 5:4348.)

for which it is guilty. War, for example, should not be

blamed for the destruction of freedom by those who And again, in the Doctrine and Covenants, we hear the would have sought to destroy it anyway. War should express commandment:

it for resorting not be to blamed expediency for which will forgive I, the Lord, whom is responsible. not for the not be blamed War should is required to forgive (D. all men. I&willC. 64:forgive,10.) but of you it neglect children of parents and delinquency by who

of disinclined in time even peace are to be responsible difficult, is this at times While impossible, seemingly children. for their not for loose should blamed be War realize, to yet received have the commandments, we morality the part of are looking those on merely who

if ourselves true for and regard as Latterday we Saints, we their for excuse indulgence. an

strive to injunctions. these must divine obey

In other words, war must not be permitted to glorify evils which have their roots elsewhere—not even for We cannot, and the Lord does not ask us to condone

the duration. The deficiencies for which war is not the wrong; sin is sin, and, worlds without end, it cannot

responsible must not falsely be given a patriotic flavor. be anything else; but operative through repentance, the

sinner may be forgiven his sin, and may turn from his evil ways and do untold good, in spite of his former ykrtitian Virtue wrongdoing. And so we must differentiate. If it were 3oraivene65—a not right to do thus, how can we explain the trans-

'"Phe divine attribute of forgiveness seems a particularformation of Saul of Tarsus into Paul the apostle? Certainly, his Saul he unworthy was had by fitting actions—for ly for Christians matter everywhere and not the cloaks those of guarded stoned Stephen? who Saints in particular, terday to frequently. consider LatWe the Saul's personal But Lord worth, apart knew from to carefully need the characteristics this weigh of Chrishis deeds. great a did the value Saul Savior place So on tian virtue to see in this nearly ideal approach how we that himself direct appeal the Saul which made He won living. daily In situation the our of prevalent war,

to righteousness. energy with which The same Saul had increasingly today, that it becomes important know we persecuted the followers of Christ transferred was now forgive. to and frequently what to recall need whom We to Christian zealous teaching of principles.

evil, emphasis that while and with hate not do we we while hate persons; despising things the of they some these against of might And many we whom transfer this not do, the emotion to people do we who feel hatred distinguish did not between we so withtoday—if their rather acts. evil to than commit them What we their their true worth. misguidance and may, with They

cultivate to need of discrimination is a sense in order calling, their wise turn to be from wrongdoing made that distinguish his can the deed. doer between we and valiant defenders of the ideals and very become which

things hate should of the Even though we may some fighting are today. they afford aside cannot turn to We enemies are the our which of thinking kind anddoing—and divine the admonition, In from enemies."your "Love

let these motivates which the should not actions—we following words, these see the that can growth we we against hatred persons. be turned them as in will righteousness, ourselves enjoy see and can we

During these times of stress, it would be relatively the change that will occur in others who, realizing that easy to let hatred permeate our lives—hatred of races, we have no personal animosity towards them, will indeed

hatred of those religious sects which differ from our wonder at the forgiveness which we practice, and own. If we permit this emotion to gain control of us, through their wonder may be led to espouse the belief

we lose the power to develop, for hatred is a stunting by which we ourselves live, thus helping Christianity to emotion, paralyzing in its effect. Anyone who has exbecome a living force of so general acceptance that wars

perienced hatred knows of a surety that k is the antican never again disrupt the world.- M. C. ].

40 THE IMPROVEMENT FRA Cats had already been found, by the investigators, to be sensitive to caffeine. One earlier student had observed forty to fifty percent of acute and subacute gasEvidences and tric ulcers in cats that had been given caffeine slowly.

These results were checked, by the present investigators, and found to be correct. The possible inference was left, reconciliations that if ulcers could be induced in cats, the same might

happen to susceptible human beings if caffeine beverages were used in sufficient quantities. Therefore, direct

xc. S4ovu <=Jjoe5 LaffeLevna tests were made upon human beings. Fifty medical students and nurses, free from ulcers, and thirtysix

patients with "peptic"ulcers were used in the experi-—Atffect the Stomach i mental work.

The normal or ulcerfree group showed, for threeCtomach and digestive ailments, generally, are infourths of its numbers, a sudden high stimulation of * creasing among socalled civilized peoples. Peptic gastric secretion in response to the caffeine solution.

ulcers, ulcers of the stomach and duodenum, are of unThe amount of acid secreted was several times the usually frequent occurrence. These disorders may seem amount before the introduction of the caffeine. The

very unimportant at first, even harmless, but often bepeak came about an hour after the solution was given;

come very painful and may require serious operative then it fell as quickly, and almost as low as at the begintreatment. ning.

The causes of stomach troubles are many. UnFive of the normal subjects, however, did not return

doubtedly the most important cause is the nature of the as quickly to normal, but continued an increased acid food taken into the stomach. Instead of the few simple secretion for more than an hour and a half. Three of

foods of the past, our stomachs are filled with an unthese five subjects have since developed ulcers. They

heardof variety of foods and beverages, some good, were possibly already predisposed to ulcers by their others bad, eaten without rhyme or reason, in season manner of living or some other factor.

and out of season. The result is aggravated by our The ulcer patients, excepting one, responded very

hurried, restless manner of living, which keeps us under much alike to the introduction of caffeine. The secretion

constant emotional and nervous strain. Indeed, it is of acid increased. It ran up within half an hour, several

often said, somewhat facetiously, that a successful man times the normal; but, differently from the nonulcer

always has peptic ulcers. cases, the secretion continued high to the end of the

There has been, concurrently with these changed experiment, a cjood hour and a half after the introduction habits of life, a very great increase in the use of beverof the caffeine solution.

ages containing the drug caffeine. Coffee, tea, and cola While the results showed clearly that caffeine indrinks are used in undreamedof quantities by young creased abnormally the flow and length of flow of gastric

and old. Since caffeine is a habitforming drug, the juice, which contains the hydrochloric acid, yet the exdesire for it grows, and consequently the consumption perimenters did not stop with these findings. They had

of these drinks is steadily increasing. used dissolved crystalline caffeine in their tests. So,

The deleterious effects of caffeine upon the nervous the next question was, would the effects be the same system, kidneys, and heart, are well known. Other orfrom the materials commonly used by people? For these

gans of the body are very probably likewise adversely tests, coffee, CocaCola, Sanka, coffee with cream and affected by caffeine. The question has arisen in the sugar, and Postum were used. Ten ulcerfree persons

minds of thoughtful students, whether the stomach may submitted to the test. It was expected, of course, that

not be injured by the large consumption in our day of all of these substances would promote the secretion of caffeine drinks. the gastric juice. The response of coffee, in terms of

This question is of deep interest to Latterday Saints, the amount of hydrochloric acid secreted, was taken as who have advocated, for more than a century under one hundred. The other substances were then comthe Word of Wisdom, abstinence from tea and coffee. pared with coffee on that basis.

This was done by the Church even before the injurious This comparison showed that CocaCola rated highphysiological action of the caffeine in these beverages est with 90%, or practically the same as coffee. This

had been demonstrated in scientific laboratories. Any was so, despite the relatively small amount of caffeine

new light on this subject is welcomed by us. (33 milligrams per bottle) in the CocaCola used. It

A study of "Caffeine and Peptic Ulcers"has recently illustrates the potency of free caffeine as found in all been undertaken by three competent investigators, and cola drinks. Sanka came next with 75.3%; tea, from

reported in the Journal of the American Medical Assowhich caffeine is released slowly, followed with 60%;

ciation* coffee, when mixed with cream and sugar, which delays

The method of the investigation was based upon the caffeine action, was 59.7%; and Postum was the lowest

belief that any long and abnormal secretion of hydrowith 59.3%.

chloric acid by the stomach causes irritation and injures In considering these figures, it should be kept in mind the membranes of the stomach and duodenum. First, that the products from roasting coffee or any grain

it was determined at what rate the stomach, after an generates certain substances which stimulate gastric overnight fast, normally secreted hydrochloric acid. secretion. Were the eSect of these substances deducted

That having been done, the stomach was emptied. Then from coffee and Sanka percentages, CocaCola would

a solution of caffeine amounting to nearly two cups of stand at the head in the action of caffeine, and tea in coffee, was introduced into the stomach. Half an hour that respect would stand higher than coffee.

samples periods later at tenminute afterwards were and in scientific caution, careful are authors, with The until for analysis, the stimulathe stomach drawn from hesitate, to however, their conclusions. do not They

tion from the drug had subsided. Finally, the stomach say that caffeine, and beverages containing caffeine,

was emptied again. By this procedure the rate and total stimulate rapid gastric secretion in man. They add that

amount of the secreted acid was determined over a caffeine and such beverages "provoke a prolonged inperiod of about two hours and thirtyfive minutes. crease in the total output of acid by the stomach in

"Caffeine and Peptic Ulcers,"J. A. Roth. M.D., Ph.D.; A. C. Ivy, Ph.D., patients with 'peptic'ulcer."Their final conclusion is

M.D.; Journal Medical of the American M.D.; and A. J. Atkinson, Assothat, "The evidence indicates that the excessive use of ciation. 126, literature 25, 1944, Vol. November pp. 814820. An extensive

on the subject is found in footnotes. (Concluded on page 167)

MARCH, 1945 141 cUefcftieicOViestdooi CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE JOSEPH FIELDING SMITH,

CHAIRMAN; CHARLES A. CALLIS, HAROLD B. LEE, EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY, THOMAS E. MCKAY, CLIFFORD

E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, NICHOLAS G. SMITH, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS, RUFUS K. HARDY

CONCERNING ORDINATIONS TO AND tainedcated onbythehimstub.in the stake office, as indiWITHIN THE MELCHIZEDEK PRIESTHOOD Very sincerelyHeberyourJ. Grantbrethren,

January 29, 1945 Letter of the First Presidency J.DavidReubenO. McKayClark, Jr.

To Presidents of Stakes and Other Instructions The First Presidency

Re: Ordinations to Priesthood Because of numerous changes in

Dear Brethren: ward and stake officers since the new The Two Forms

Tn 1941 a new form of recommendation plan was adopted in 1941, and because 1. Recommendation for Advance-

A for ordination to the Melchizedek of the primary importance of priesthood ment from the Aaronic PriestPriesthood was issued with the approcedure, we here reprint and sumhood to the Melchizedek Priestproval and at the suggestion of the First marize from The Improvement Era of hood.

Presidency. This form was to superOctober and November 1941, the letter Procedure

sede all other forms for this purpose. of the First Presidency on this subject This form is supplied to the bishop by

The form, "Recommendations for Ordiand other instructions. the Presiding Bishopric, to be used for

nation to the Melchizedek Priesthood,"August 21, 1941 recommending men holding the Aaronic is printed in pad form and a supply was Presidents of Stakes Priesthood to be ordained elders.

mailed to each stake to be kept by the Dear Brethren: The bishop of the ward should fill out

stake clerk. For a long time the general authorities of this form and send it to the stake presiUnder this plan the stake president, the Church have felt that there has not been dency.

ordaining in men and care advancing in enough presidency, the stakeor a counselor The data called for on this form folare priesthood. in There to offices theis candidate. to interview each The in low:

of thousands the today men holding Church following: the also provides forform

inacare Priesthood the Melchizedek who FOR RECOMMENDATION council, of the high approval byDate understood never tive. of these men Many ADVANCEMENTthe signature the of the presbishop and of priestthe full significance meaning of the FROM THE theident of of approval quorum, date is obligation them the upon what hood and Priesthood to the Aaronic

the stake meeting, priesthood andby ordained. their calling The when to magnify Priesthood Melchizedek

record of the ordination. On the reverse Lord has made very clear in several revelaside of the recommendation form are tions, notably sections 20:3866, 84:3242,,19..

nine statements which are to be filled and the entire revelation known as section To the Presidency of Stake of Zion.

out by the person to be ordained. 107 [D.6C], the importance of faithfulness Brethren:

life cleanliness of on in and that attention to our It has come the part of those We recommend [or your consideration the priesthood. to are ordained who these not stakes of the forms aresome

being used, with the result that not This laxness has resulted in many men Whose birth date is

: is address priesthood, the whose received and who have who is in care advancing being takenenough

.-. their a to returning really evil and worthy, are is now who not in offices to the ordaining Meland men

if the receive Melchizedek to as these indifference, ever being worthy habits were and thereurge, Priesthood.chizedek We to this, ordained Priesthood be the office of of and been forsaken. it has deemed Because

this in thatfore, future the be form part diligence the care to used wise on ask and in connection with each recommendaof presiding officers in the wards and stakes, We believe that he has sufficient knowltion of men to be ordained elders, sevenin seeing that men who are candidates for edge of Church doctrines and has been faithties, or high priests. ordination are men of faith, living in full ful in the discharge of his duties in the

If you are unable to locate supplies accord with the principles of the gospel and Aaronic Priesthood.

or have exhausted the pad of forms the doctrines of the Church. Moreover, Indicate by check mark if the following

previously sent to you, please write this these presiding officers should faithfully imare satisfactory:

office promptly for additional supplies. press upon all candidates for ordination the Attendance at sacrament meetings

All of the bishops of your stake seriousnesstion to the priesthoodand responsibilityentails, andwhichthe ordinadread- TithingWard Teaching(If exempt, so state) should have in their hands single forms ful consequences of disobedience or the Word of Wisdom entitled, "Recommendation for Adviolation of the covenants which are reMorality vancement from Aaronic Priesthood to ceived when offices in the priesthood are Other activities not listed above the Melchizedek Priesthood."These accepted. (See D. & C. 84:3242.) Remarks are for the use of the bishops in making The candidate will first be notified to meet

recommendations to the stake presiwith and be interviewed by the stake presiBishopric of Ward dency in the case of Aaronic Priesthood dent, or a counselor in the stake presidency, By Bishop the candidate carefully will question who the to Melto ordained bemembers receives the presidency stake fill When in questions the require to on him and Priesthood.chizedek properthe the form, bishop above from certificate. of the endorsement the The back if these that urge, brethren, we May filled in candiout, the in they turn ly the of the completely of bishop which ward and general in use not are formstwo now the president the that of lives of fill date and out, to canthe have to and proceed

it that to that see stake,in you your required, belongs, are as to he which quorum fill out, the form didate "Recommendais in order immediatelytheir use begun is council, the before high the approval of for to the tion Melchizedek Ordination be precautionsthat the proper the is priesthood to of may presented the name is rediscussed Priesthood"which and.for the ordaining approval. stake men in advancing andtaken below. produced recthat proper priesthood, for the andto ordination "Recommendation new The

ord.thereof may be made. in the priesthood"is to replace all other 2. Recommendation for Ordination

is required to ancandidate each and forms Priesthood Melchizedek brethren, in the Faithfully your all sign the in person questions and swer is supplied the stake clerk, > the This form Twelve, Council of the as indicated its back. on recommendation

George Albert Smith These recommendation blanks will be kept by the General Priesthood ComPresident by the stake clerk and the stubs will be remittee of the Council of the Twelve, 142 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

and is available through the stake of- 4—Are you a full tithepayer? Answer Yes Reports of generally good acceptance

fice. All stubs attached thereto will be or No.—by the Church of the new stake quartertithepayer? part a you Yes 5—Are in office, the stakekept completely and conference in inaugurated program \y or o in, filled clerk.properly the stake——by the those qenerJanuary made byJ * 6, are... of, i you Are exempt from—payingAnswertithes? An-,%f f replaces form the This old form A-l al i authorities these,i attended.. conwho swer or Yes No forused orto recommending be men officials ferences. Church have The the keep you AnWorTol'wisdom? 7—Do

It seventies.dained replace not the does for but nothing commendation the proswer or Yes No

B-l form to be used for recommending 8—Will you earnestly strive to do your 9ram which has been reported well remen to be set apart as presidents of duty in the Church, to pay a full tithceived and productive of good results.

seventies'quorums. ing, observe the Word of Wisdom, atIn every case where the full program

It is used by stake presidencies in ( 1 tend our sacrament, priesthood and was entered into, the attendance at the recommending advancements in the other meetings, and to be active in priestconference meetings was noticeably inMelchizedek Priesthood, and (2) in hood affairs? Answer Yes or No creased. Several stakes reported the

ordaining priests into the Melchizedek 9—If you are to be ordained a seventy largest attendance at conference in their

Priesthood, after they have received please indicate your willingness to serve, history if called as either missionary a abroad the the bishop properfrom recomof meetings daughand..mothers, rhe a...i or in at the stake mission home. Andescribedmendation above. u form ters tnc program, innovatlon i held an m or Yes No this face of form, the data on The at the'time stake priesthood of meettogether the questions nine with on is higs, in reported several instances.... the QateSignedswer c

filled to the signed be outback and by its the to kind best of in held been have the candidate ordination) (By for candidate, follow:,., the stakes. Large attendances characterFurther Reminders j ttesc mothers'and daughters'sesCHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY

SAINTS All ordinations to offices in the sions and in nearly every case the atRECOMMENDATION FOR ORDINAMelchizedekthe procedure Priesthoodoutlined above.should be by tendanceing held atatthethesamestaketimepriesthoodwas materialmeet- TION IN THE MELCHIZEDEK

PRIESTHOOD Initiative for advancement within the ty increased.

Date.. Melchizedek Priesthood is to be taken The elders'conferences, also a new

We recommend that -, by the stake presidency, and not by the feature, in which the work of the elders'

Name bishops. quorums is given special emphasis, are

now a be Initiative for priests to become elders also 1 wdl d productive of Priesthood rests with the bishops, and goes to the uch 9ood*eccdelderi quorum ofElder stake presidency fleers, heretofore not afforded a close to theordained Seventy office and with general of we auvisiting In case the of recommendations Priest High tles for &2 e appreciative wer office of ordination to the the seventy, Pffrly, that rebelievecertify tius to him their worthy we to discuss opportunity'th/of probrilled form, completely out, front above this in theceive PriestMelchizedek office for their lems recelvc and prodirectln before should back, and forwarded, behood. 9ram First ordination, the to Council the of Stake ofThe Presidency

By -.-- - Seventy.

Name Note: Stake presidents, bishops, and Quorum Supplies

Interviewed by all others concerned are reminded that Cupp lies, including roll and record

Member of Stake Presidency recommendations for Melchizedek M books for Melchizedek Priesthood

Date of Approval by High Council., Priesthood ordinations are confidential quorums, have been sent to each stake

Signed until fully approved, and that no formal president in sufficient quantities to proBishop of Ward action is to be taken and no public menvide for the needs of each stake during

Signed tion is to be made concerning any of 1945.

President of Quorum them until after the stake president has Orders; for these supplies accomDate of Approval by Stake Priesthood had his interview with the candidate; panied money orders continue to be

Meeting b until after the forms are filled out, as received by both the Melchizedek

Ordained by called for, with the required signature Priesthood committee and the Deseret Name Office held affixed; until after approval by the high Book Company. Quorum officers are Date of Ordination council; in the and, case of a seventy, advised:

(In the case ordirecommendation for of until after approval of Council by First roll roll the books, That pads and thisnation to seventy, the office of form, the Seventy. this of wisdom proThe record for sale are not books are and out,completely filled should be forwarded cedure has repeatedly been demonto be not the ordered from Deseret Book ordination further actionbefore the to for

is strated, restated prihere as and a Company.First Seventy, the Council East South 47 of

Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah.) mary rule of action, for ordinations to That such supplies are to be secured

offices in the Melchizedek Priesthood. by them from their stake presidents.

On the back of the above form these That the stake presidents already nine questions appear: have these supplies in their possession

STATEMENT TO BE FILLED IN BY Leadership Sessions for Bishoprics in sufficient quantities for the needs of

THE PERSON TO BE ORDAINED A modification of the new quarterly all quorums or groups, at no cost to the * conference for program 1945 to quorums. to you morally clean and fit1—Are be orinclude the attendance of the bishoprics in dained the Church? a

Priesthood of the Church at all of the priesthood

Answer Yes or No leadership sessions is announced b Questions and Answers Regarding (If this question is answered in the negathe General Priesthood Committee the New Melchizedek Priesthood tive, the form should go no further than of the Council of the Twelve. Roll and Report Books

president stake.) the the of In the published the attendprogram

sustain the Will General and do you2—of bishoprics ance requested was at the ( Continued.FebruarySee1945,"Improvementpage 87.) Era,"Authorities will the Church, and of you leadership meeting of the conferences

strive to live in accordance with the acdevoted to Aaronic Priesthood and the Question 11: At the special Friday everules cepted doctrines the and Church? of last of the ning meeting conference, October general Priesthood Melchizedek conferor Yes Answer No distributed there set a was of mimeographed all ences. directs that change The now

in affiliation, instructions you have any entitled forms and sympathy3—Do "Introducing are bishoprics invited not only exbut or otherwise, with the Roll the apostate any of Reports Books and for New Quoattend to pected as well the priesthood or individuals groups are running the of rums and who Groups PriestMelchizedek

counter to the accepted rules and docleadership session of the conferences hood. What further use is to be made of

trines of the Church? Answer Yes or devoted to the seventies and missionary these materials?

No work and the elders'conferences. {Continued on page 162)

MARCH, 1945 143

iQaitabsgy NINE GENERATIONS OF SPIRITUAL LEADERS guidance,clutches ofledtheirhis captors,followersuntilouttheyof thearBy Archibald F. Bennett rived at the City of Zarahemla. There

General Secretary, Genealogical Society King Mosiah and the other Nephites received them with great joy, and Alma of great leadership are Qualities 1. Alma the Elder wasas highgivenpriest:authorityIn this overauthoritythe Church,he conrarely transmitted to from father

son in unbroken succession for '"The first Alma, father of this long line, ducted a vigorous reformation throughgenerations. History does reveal such was born 173 B.C., probably about out the entire country and great numnotable examples as that of the great twelve or thirteen generations after his bers were baptized. "And the Lord did

English statesman, William Pitt the lineal ancestor, Nephi the son of Lehi, pour out his Spirit upon them, and they elder, and his equally famous son, Wilwho came out of Jerusalem. He grew to were blessed and prospered in the land."

liam Pitt the younger; and of Lord young manhood among his people the

Randolph Churchill and his son, Prime Nephites, in the city of LehiNephi, 2. Alma the Younger

Minister Winston Churchill. In America which was completely surrounded by A s the years went by, the number of

we have the case of President John their enemies the Lamanites. Noah, ** unbelievers increased, and they beAdams, President John Quincy Adams, king of the Nephites, was a wicked and gan to persecute the members of the

his son, the latter's son, Charles Francis grasping oppressor, and gathered about Church.

priests circle of apostate who a him repute author, of and statesman Adams, of the numbered sons were Mosiah Now and to idolatry themselves abandoned for president, vice candidate and the of unbelievers; also the one and among living. one of these riotous became Alma Francis author and Charles Adams, them, of numbered sons was among Alma priests. of the generation. publicist fourth after his father; nevercalled being he Alma, widespread so became Wickedness theless, an very a wicked and he became field religious instances provides The prophet dauntless the sent the that Lord of idolatrous he was a man. many And man contributing several families generaof

his the and king to rebuke Abinadi flattery the to did words, speak and much brief ministers. In of the tions prominent

the he of Lord priests. the the led In of people; therefore power people he many of already history our Church we own

iniquities. called his of to the manner their and misdeeds do after of told them five cite generations four of and can the to great hinderment he a in became And repent. to Noah, King them upon lineal in authorities general Church stealing the of prosperity church of God; seize to priests his anger, commanded posterity succession. the example, For people; the hearts the causing of much away death. to put him the and prophet pioneer Smith, old grand of a Asael the who giving a dissension people; among

died in 1830, has furnished to the But there was one among them whose chance for the enemy of God to exercise

Church: Joseph Smith, Sr., Presiding name was Alma, he also being a descendant his power over them. (Mosiah 27:8-9.)

and man, a young he of Nephi. was And in Smith, counselor Patriarch; Hyrum the sons of went Mosiah and As he had the Abinadi which believed words he Presiding First the Presidency and Pasecretly to the Church, destroy about iniquity the concerning for he spoken, knew of president the triarch; F.Smith, Joseph rebelling against the of angel testified the them; God, against Abinadi had which

Church; Hyrum M. Smith, an apostle; therefore he began to plead with the king Lord descended upon them, speaking

and Joseph F. Smith, the present Patrithat he would not be angry with Abinadi, with a voice of thunder, and Alma and

arch to the Church. A brother of Joseph but suffer that he might depart in peace. his associates fell in terror to the earth.

Smith, Sr., was "Uncle"John Smith, But the king was more wroth, and caused Demanded the angel:

cast from out should among that be Alma Presiding for as served years also who.. the persecutest of thou church that why after his servants him sent them, and Smith, son, A. Patriarch. His George

.. the the hath heard God?. Lord slay him. they might of the apostle and a member an was people, of. Behold,his prayers the also prayers and himself hid fled before and them he But son, his also as First Presidency, John is his of for father; servant thy Alma, who not. being conhe that found they him And Albert father of Smith, George Henry faith has with he concerning prayed much all the for write did words cealed days many

Smith, now president of the Council of which Abinadi had spoken. (Mosiah 17:2- thee that thou mightest be brought to the

the Twelve. 4.) knowledge of the truth. (Mosiah 27:13, 14.)

Yet, with the single exception of the The rest of the priests lifted up their He reminded Alma of the captivity and ten generations of ancient patriarchs voice against Abinadi, and they burned deliverance of his fathers, and comfrom Adam to Noah who were all him at the stake. manded him to seek no more to destroy

"preachers of righteousness, and spake Alma sincerely repented, and taught the Church. Alma, stricken dumb and

and prophesied,"the Book of Mormon the words of the martyr among the peohelpless, was carried before his father, presents a record of spiritual leadership ple secretly, baptizing many who reAlma, who rejoiced, knowing this was that is unique and without parallel in ceived the truth and forming them into the power of God. The priests and the

the annals of heredity. the Church of Christ, "having their multitude fasted and prayed for two

For nine generations, over a period of hearts knit together in unity and love."days and two nights, when Alma re-

—Almaalmost 500theyears—elder, 173AlmaB.C.theto 321younger,A.D. destroyThey escapedthem bythetakingking'stheirarmytentssentandto themceivedbehisof strength,good comfort,and, arising, bade

fleeing families into the wilderness. of and of Alma, Helaman sonHelaman son For, he, said sins, I have repented of my

eight pitched After they days son of Helaman, Nephi NephiHelaman, have redeemed their tents and been behold of the Lord;

the disciple son of Nephi, Nephi son of in a beautiful and pleasant land of pure I am born of the Spirit.... I was in the

Nephi the disciple, Amos son of the lastwater, where they built a city and estabdarkest abyss; but now I behold the marvelnamed Nephi, and the two sons of lished a new home. Alma refused to be ous light of God. (Mosiah 27:24, 29.)

Amos, viz., Amos the younger and Ammade the king of his people, but he

maron, each in his generation stood as served faithfully as high priest and "LJenceforth Alma the younger was a leader in the Church of Christ in founder of their Church, watching over a changed man, a most zealous

America and keeper of the sacred recand nourishing them in righteousness. champion of truth and righteousness.

ords. The story of their glorious minLater, the Lamanites subjected Alma By his father he was appointed high

istry should be forever treasured in the and his people to bondage and bitter priest and placed in charge of the hearts of the faithful. persecution, but Alma, under divine ( Concluded on page 1 60

144 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA HPriestdoo6KaxmkCONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD BOY LEADERSHIP yDidh. SpswikiL. (fhcrifanging. HsxjfidL. COMMITTEE OUTLINE OF STUDY

APRIL 1945 PRIESTHOOD'S BLESSINGS TO

Text: HOW TO WIN BOYS WOMANHOOD

Note: (The following address was deThe text, "How to Win Boys,"has been livered during the South Sanpete

the study material for discussion during the Stake conference by Marjorie Dy

Ward Boy Leadership Committee meetings veng, Manti South Ward. )

since January 1943. A review of this book

will now be conducted. Only discussion

topics and questions will be suggested for the review. The practice of publishing quotations from the text will be discontinued.

Leaders may obtain "How to Win Boys"at the Deseret Book Company, Salt Lake City,

Utah, at one dollar, postpaid.

Topics and Questions—Chapter 3

"The Puzzled Generation"1. Before we can hope to assist youth, Teachers and deacons. Grand Coulee Branch,

"The Puzzled Generation,"we must be Northwestern States Mission.

able to recognize the conditions and Left to right, front row: J. Morris Hickman, J.

circumstances which contribute to their A.DevereVan Davis,Tussenbroek,KennethbranchH. Bowman.presidentBackand row:adbewilderment. Both old and young are viser; Robert S. Powell, Harold E. Rosen, Ray C.

confused, but it is much more serious MARJORIE DYRENG Bowman.

for youth to be uncertain because they lack the judgment and experience of According to word from President time, the before beginning the of in their to the of solution help age pROM the Tussenbroek, young men Van class leader problems. should make The this of earth, creation has God in appearing the above photo had an

this careful of well chapter study a is It the priesthood. through in worked at attendance average record of

. 85% setting the of advance, as down many the rechannel through has he which at meeting, priesthood and Sunday 79% author's possible. as suggestions But this since vealed creation himself the of first 1944. for ten the of months School this, let class the going beyond memwill earth, through he and which make the their contribute All tithepayers bers observations are observe and own

his of time. purposes to the end known to as are puzzled, people why young of These young men Wisdom. Word

authority, It is the from handed down insuring thus understanding of a good of Aaronic the total number make up the problems we face as leaders of Adam, upon which our Church is Priesthood members in this branch. This

youth. founded. the ordinances Wherever is in the that active every boy of means

2. the problems of Puz- "The Knowing is the there are the administered, gospel Congratulaof Church. the programs is fail zled Generation"but good we priesthood. their fine tions these to young and men if their recognition. stop at we How is Brigham "There no Young setting exfor leader a such worthy assist shall them? can we we What react of a Latterday duty said,Saint—no activity. in priesthood ample teach class the again them? Here leader should have his own list of sugquired—no time given, exclusive and ingestions carefully prepared. Heading dependent of the priesthood. Everythe list might be the author's suggesthing is subject to it, whether preaching, a woman, husband and wife jointly.

tion that "People are starved for God."business, or any other act pertaining to Neither can receive them alone.

The list might follow with "Boys want the proper conduct of this life."The highest blessing which they can

to know how to live today!", "Boys Although this priesthood, which is receive, is that of marriage for time and

want to know how to face life tomorthe very foundation of our Church, is eternity, which insures the family unit to row!", want just what "Boys know of the the eternities. head is throughout At there conferred upon the men only,

. it!"about Jesus do would servant a this family unit will always be of this out not growing one blessing

How well are we prepared to answer great power that women are denied. of God, holding the Melchizedek Priestthese questions, to solve these problems for There is no lack of equality, it is just hood, which entitles him to receive from

youth? the manner of organization. The poson high divine direction for the good

within reside benefit of those and who the priesthood the session of men by Topics and Questions—Chapter household. is superior to his that not does mean man the "Feeding Sheep"earth this placed on were calling special women that he As but has a woman,

1. is followup to chapter good a This of helpmates to what men, be by of in God which government Church women turn three, above. chapter now We receive than blessings could greater benefits blessings we relieved. and are The the to attentions employed methods our of protection and divine guidance the the shared are priesthood the of by those Jesus. methods? were by What

the through powFather Heavenly our every wife, as needed, member and by people? the did teach Jesus What How

kind of language did he use? Could of the family. er of the priesthood which the brethren

those not so well educated follow his Any faithful member of the Church hold?

teachings? Consider his use of parables. may go to the temple and receive his I am thankful to the Lord that I was

What Jesus said during his life has or her endowments and share alike in born under the new and everlasting the to generations lived since guide is into which covenant the and its a home blessings. hold must men The

his in his did everyJesus day. What hold and those this presided over enjoy to who Priesthood by Melchizedek

contacts should with beings day human priesthood. this the That may receive privilege, honor we while may women that as as well our teach examples us

our lives the priesthood and priesthood. make the honor holding blessing without teachings should our wordof-mouth

square with righteousness if we would However, the highest blessings availworthy of its blessings, is my humble be found "Feeding the Sheep."able are only conferred upon a man and prayer.

MARCH, 1945 145

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

ChihdbwL TbL BapdipudL WARD TEACHERS

HPhere is one feature of a ward teacher's responsibilities which is all too The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and frequently overlooked. It concerns strengthen them;

children who are not baptized when And see that there is no iniquity in the church, neither hardness with eight years of age. It should be reeach other, neither lying, backbiting, nor evil speaking;

membered that when a child is blessed And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the and given a name, his name is recorded members do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.

in the ward membership record and he is included in the overall membership:L, 1945of the Church. When, however, the l/l/ard seackersJeachi l/l/{eS6aae for n lava

child is not baptized before his ninth birthday, his name is removed from the "FUNDAMENTALS OF THE CHURCH WELFARE PLAN'record of members, and he has no

Church status whatever. '"pHE ward teachers'message for March

Parents do not always know this, or 1945 is to be the address delivered in knowing it, are frequently indifferent the Tabernacle, October 6, 1944, by Presior negligent in having this matter taken dent J. Reuben Clark, Jr., before a special

care of. It is the responsibility of the meeting of all bishoprics of the Church

ward teacher to know these things and with many stake presidencies and high to so inform parents and labor with councilmen in attendance. President

them in an effort to have children bapClark's address has been printed in pamtized at the proper age. (See D. & C. phlet form and is entitled "Fundamentals

68:27.) of the Church Welfare Plan."

Sometimes parents who do not be- A sufficient number of the folders will long to the Church request that their be provided so that ward teachers may children be blessed in our services. Freleave one in each Latterday Saint home.

quently only one parent belongs to the The pamphlets will be sent to stake clerks

Church. In these cases the ward teachfor distribution to bishops as in the past.

er should feel it his responsibility to inIt is suggested that stake presidencies form the parents on these matters and vigorously promote this project with bishin a friendly diplomatic way inquire PRESIDENT J. REUBEN CLARK, JR. oprics to the end that every home in the

whether they desire their children bapChurch will be visited during March.

tized. In some instances the stake misWard teachers should thoroughly study the message so that they may be

sionaries might be introduced into such prepared to discuss it with their members. It is not sufficient that the teachers

homes where the gospel may be premerely leave the pamphlet for study by the family, but they should make a sented. sincere effort to create sufficient interest in its contents to insure its being

The ward teacher should also follow read.

through and see that each child bapAll ward teaching units should be completely organized so that every tized is subsequently confirmed a memhome may be visited and be provided with this timely message.

ber in the Church in the sacrament meeting. Parents have been known to

Marshall, Margaret Johnston born Buchan the presof first quarter the sity during fail to have but baptized childrenhave 7, in 1890. Excommunicated June East Orbooks 225 include year. ent school They in the Church, confirmedthem

19, ange, 1944, York, December New members m in foreign books religion, 215 and on 25, born Sarah Groo, February Blodwin and in Germanic 125 including language 1909. in Salt 24th Excommunicated Ward,

languages. Scandinavian the Church MovesThe On Stake, 1944. Lake November

{Concluded from page 136) Stake Presidencies Milton Marsh Groo, born September 26,

Smith succeeded has Busath E. Stephen Priest. 1901. in 24th Excommunicated

E. Tingey PerryI. Homer Stake; Sacramento the of presidentM.I.A. Music as Salt 1944. Lake Ward, Stake, November first counselor, Fenton as and R. Charles Dana succeeds

XToble Cain, the Chicago musician, L. Williams succeeds Elder Busath who was the second John Ernest Adams, Jr., born Septempresidency. retiring in the counselor 15, 1891. Seventy. Excommunicated for course a twoday conducted S. succeeds Reed John Shawcroft John Howard as berin of Blanding Stake on San Juan Ward Anderson Stake. Vernal Luis J. of the San president stakes and singers ofmusicians and

6, 1945. and January Shawcroft E. succeed David Ivan Hansen Len and dithe in under early Februarywards counselors. as Bagwell Luther N. Fritz Christian Oeser, August Max bom Burn- B. succeeded Roy has Stolworthy C. Willard boards. general the ofrection M.I.A. 1906. 23, 21, Excommunicated November Clifford H. Stake. the of president Young as ham of choruses M.I.A. directed Cain toMr. sucfirst in counselor as 1944, Independence, sustained C.S.M. been has Evensen

Stolworthy, and Elder at several June ceed voices thousandtwo 24, Nieman, Johannes born December F.J. OliverBloomfieldStockashassecondbeen to succeed Alex sustained

'thirties. early in theconferences 1908. in Sixteenth Deacon. Excommunicated counselor.

Dedication Excommunications Ward, Riverside Stake, on July 2, 1944.

Clarence born DecemCoombs, Darrow the Glendale chapel of WardHPhe were excommunications following ber in 25th 7, 1907. Excommunicated Ward, of THE dediin Idaho the Stake Bishop: was Oneida Presiding to the reported Pioneer 21, 1945. Stake, on January

Reese, born F. (Lohmiller) Elder recently Joseph Edraond by cated James October Richardson, born Frederick Lucas in Pueblo 1915. Excommunicated 21, the Church. to May Patriarch Smith, in 1920. 11, Douglas Excommunicated Ward 30, Stake, on November Denver Ward,

1944. Library 27, B.Y.U. Bonneville December of Stake on 1944.

A totalas wellofas1,468purchases,books, wereincludingaddedgiftsto ExcommunicatedSusie Mae Thompson,in PueblobornWard,May 31,Denver1885. 1910.EllwoodExcommunicatedEmil Schlaepfer,in Manhattan,born JuneN.Y.,13,

the library of Brigham Young UniverStake, on November 30, 1944. August 23, 1944.

146 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA y n \ n n n W o Jfesti Ward Music Guild andcies ofandauxiliarysuperintendencies.organization presidenacouragelack oftheinterestmusicians.that goesOn farthetootherdisSixth Session Ward Musicians hand,understandsome thewardrealchoristers,purposes andfailingpossito

(March) A ward chorister and organist workbilities of a good ward choir organizaBy Gettit de Jong, Jr., ing together for the improvement of the tion, reduce the need for rehearsing

Dean of the College of Fine Arts, music to be used in the sacrament meetand other work to a minimum by singBtigham Young University ings could profit immensely by discussing only much repeated hymns and and Member of the Church ing the various problems that come up songs with the choir or congregation,

Music Committee and demand solutions during the course or both. Others, again, want to "give

of the work. A willingness to anticipate a concert"each Sunday, whether it is

All sizable business concerns conthe work and its attendant problems, appropriate to the occasion or not, and at congregation's of the the expense free discussion a and and cooperative"tribute their to mainsuccess by in participate faithpro- to chance some selfrespecting progressive and amongtaining a personnel department and singing. congregational reflect musicians themmoting always a ward first relations. of publicdepartment The

sees to it that all officials and employees selves in more spirited and inspirational Together, bishop and musicians could of the company, from the manager music. with much profit to the services discuss

down to the least paid worker, operate There are numerous items that should frankly and cooperatively such quesunder such conditions and maintain be so analyzed: tions as the following:

select relations the songs? proper themselvessuch as will among Do we Do

all? music do we have Why Why fit in the they thoughts with supplement and for of happiness apromote maximum sing? the the congregation does does Whyat in brought out meetings? our make we Doall. latter fosters relations besuch The choir the sing? often should congreHow the serious to attempt proper have tempo at a the public thetween and company the gation opportunity sing? to given be for or the song? each Remembering hymn willlarge as guarantee the smoothest often sing the choir alone? should Of How possibilities features physical of and our

the of theoperation within the proportion should choir numbers, company what is the meetinghouse, choir seated admost realm of its activities. One of the most vantageously? Does the organ (that is, the be hymns known by the congregation, and

important functions of these departreed organ or the console of the pipe organ) what proportion anthems and more pretentious the bishopric can music? What is to best thements keep everybody the place? in any occupy way Does

agencies of the to help other ward chorister and do stand the organist, he can be seen where of by the the operationsconcerned with the the of musical ward? program What, cbcir, congregation? and its of thoroughly informedcompany in turn, the musicians to do can ward make

policies, aims, possibilities, and accomAuxiliary Organizations their work more successful in terms of the plishments. general success of the ward meetings?

Similar cooperation and discussion

Our Great Cause between the chorister and organist of

The Ward Music Guild is in a very any auxiliary organization would result real sense such a coordinating agency. in improvement of its music. Wilson Ward Junior Choir

Like its counterparts in the business world, its main function is to promote Ward Officers '"Phe junior choir of Wilson Ward, the happiness, contentment, satisfacOne of the most necessary discusNorth Weber Stake, was organized tion, and success of all those who are sions that should take place, are those over a year ago by request of the youngconcerned with the musical phases of between the bishop and his ward musier members of the ward.

our worshipping and other assemblies, cians. Unless the bishop knows clearly Bishop John B. Hawkes appointed his

which play such important roles in the what he can expect the ward musicians counselor, Rulon Walker, to act as adgreat cause in which we are all enand the choir to contribute to the sucvisor of the choir. Mrs. Melba G. Piatt

gaged. cess of the sacrament meeting, and unwas selected director. The choir now

It is hoped that this guild will be the less the chorister and organist have an includes more than forty teenage memmeans of bringing together, first of all, overall mental concept of the part to bers of the ward. Their Christmas

the chorister and organist within the be played by their work, many miscantata, "The Open Door,"was presame organization, choristers and ortakes will be made by both groups and sented three times during the holidays.

ganists of all organizations in the ward, many misunderstandings will arise. Frequent social occasions are enjoyed

and finally, the ward musicians and repSome bishops, not sufficiently inby these singers, and their attendance resentatives of the presiding ward offiformed about the possibilities of a good at church services is an inspiration to cers, such as members of the bishopric musical organization in the ward, show members of the ward. A. Schreiner.

WILSON WARD, NORTH WEBER STAKE, JUNIOR CHOIR

MARCH, 1945 147

editorship on my hands. The mission

president was kind but I could sense his doubt. It stiffened that in me which

trembled. All I asked was a blessing to

accompany my appointment. It was

solemn, impressive. "You are treading

in the footsteps of great men, even aposowing tles of God. Seek the Lord in humility

at all times. You are the first woman to

will direct he you BUT, MY DEAR hold this office... seek the Lord and

first proceed."The as towoman—howhow you shouldterrifying, of kind God. how—how was a very ugly man... except a l/l/oman Portia, as I did told to read when I wasHE when he read Milton. Then I the same thrill which had nothingI feltof

forgot his bald pate glistening in to pour all his learning, his aspirations fear in it.

the light shed from the dusty windows and dreams. How exhilarating were those days

of the village schoolhouse. I forgot When he died, as violently as he had spent at the untidy oaken desk which I

everything except the beauty of what lived, the villagers did not greatly mourn inherited. I suffered tortures over my

he was saying and the incredible pathos his passing. He was a strange, wild first edition.

of his voice. man, "t* old schoolmairster."But on I was never alone at my desk. Always

To the villagers he was "t'old schoolhis grave at least one person could and there was someone, prompting, restrainmairster."His pallid features were the did place a small bunch of white aneming, inspiring. There was in that presones, such as children gather, bearing ence a sweet sense of companionship.

it Spirit that the absurd seem Holy line By EDITH RUSSELL theman."text "With love, to a very great Doescould blocks concerned be with and

Associate Editor o/ the I went on writing. I wrote much that the right length of articles? If it does, I

"Millennial Star"was bad, a little that was good. can only say that it constituted a

I never thought of God. I peopled the strengthening of my testimony such as

whitened sepulchre of their dead eduuniverse with creatures of my own could not be touched by anyone's sense cation. He was at once a character and fancy. Immortality was what people of the ludicrous.

a monument, strewn about with furtive such as Shakespeare, Dumas, and EuEvery Star that is born imparts to me memories of a tyrannical, pedantic dicripides earned as their right. My only the joy of creation. Each one is an adtatorship. I was ten years old when I road to heaven had a pen for a signpost. venture. But some day, very soon, my

inherited fear. of their my portion it

doing One afternoon we were ShakeThen I met a Mormon.... missionbegan I willstoodbe inat anthe end.darknessWhenandspeare—badly. I saw the fearsome colHe had a fervency which could not reached for a star. Somewhere, somehisor radiated head, rush to be denied. something as and he which quaked He it is at laughed one When my audacity.

lips. his clean, lifelicked beautiful, white, thinhe essentially storm was and The finished I shall stand and reach on a star

burst, as it always did, and when it was giving. I told him of my hopes, my for the moon. God will not laugh.

spent, he turned to me. dreams of writing; almost it was a plea

"Come here. You..."the word was not to distract me with this stupendous

a threat. "You are going to read Portia. thing he brought as an elder of Christ's

And you are going to read it well. Do Church. He did not press me, and by

you hear? That means you are going to his silence I was converted. I decided

have to think. I might suggest that sufto put away my pen and go to preach

ficient insults crucified. Christ, to Jesus have been offered and him

will for Payment used Hints be Handy

I for afternoon."Shakespeare one eloquence a year used For what dollar publication. I one the upon In event

to the not afraid. carry gospel restored to those had I was Somewhere in my that two with are the submitted, same idea

heart was a thrill. My hands were icy people with whom I lived and worked the one postmarked earlier will receive the

and my face burned, but I was not afraid and played. But every day brought a dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

... and looking up into the eyes of the strange, renewed urgency to serve him but each will receive careful consideration.

ogre, I saw that he knew it... and apwith my pen. I had thought it was buried

proved. in the waters of baptism. It seemed its Put a little kerosene in the bottom of your

The next day he sent for me to go to wooden stick had taken root there, garbage can. It will keep bugs away as well

his desk. By this time my fleeting courgrown and blossomed... and there as disinfect the can. Mrs. J. W. R Rex

age was gone, and I was afraid again. were all the perfumes of Arabia in its burg, Idaho,

I fragrance. to I ultimately nearly submitted an hour. twoHe talked me for rice fluffy white and one teaTo keep add

told three articles or to him I to the Millennial Star. a great wanted become to juice spoon the lemon water in which

writer, it published, and were accepted and and for some reason he was not They is cooked.—Mrs. G. H Hinckley, Utah.

I far off in darkness,amused. somewhere, the

After that, books began to arrive caught the white gleam of a star.... If the soles of baby's shoes are sandchild before the wears his I in later to serve Harden.from a papered home call came month made was my A first time, it will save bad many themfalls.—Mrs.for the contest enter literary office editorial sortto in of mission the of the every C. Center, Randolph Vermont. C,

available different Star, Millennial to youth. I had a

literary syllabus from any other child Having been duly initiated into the To freshen your velvet frocks hang them in the school. I was coached in English, mysteries of proofreading, selecting in the bathroom when you fill the tub for a

bath. the Let until is hot water the run room to to with. with,given play types conand blocks, words and establishing work

filled well steam. with the to Allow garment I I contributors, tact the to to keys a had world with gave yearnedHe me

dirt there until hang the dissoot and have institutenot of; of poetry, even to a changes, sweeping world dreamed make new it. appeared Steaming from these pile makes

all in prose, toand music enshrined the the methods, Star and make a real fabrics clean and fresh.—Mrs. P. V. S New livesconsecrated Lattercontribution the genius of men's life of to every bound York. York, New

between the covers of a book. day Saint. I prayed for an opportunity,

He was harsh when I slipped. He and swiftly it came, so swiftly, indeed, For feather pillows try first making a

muslin flour (sugar or are sacks good) bag satisfied. praised. myselfseldom I found day, never one on marooned He was the tick. size the the as feathers same PutI alternately tribe island strange inhabited hated him. I an loved and a by in this it slip bag and tickin the up and sew

I printers, of realized at furnished solelydo what by lots not know moment of ing. ticking the needs the washing, When

that he had made me, a small, unlovely ideas and a startling old museum of feathers are easily cared for by slipping the child, the vessel into which he desired blocks, and with a mansized associate bag out of the tick.—Mrs. /. O., Ovid, Idaho.

J48 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

CoofeCorner

By Josephine B. Nichols

ITanaging with fewer red points means careful planning in order that growing boys and girls get plenty of bodybuilding foods.

The recipes below are low in red points but high in bodybuilding foods.

Barbecued Lamb Shanks 6 lamb shanks 3 tbsp. fat

Brown the lamb shanks on all sides in fat; arrange in kettle. Pour barbecue sauce

over them; cover and simmer for two hours.

Barbecue Sauce

2 tbsp. flour

2 tbsp. prepared mustard

J4 c. chopped onion

Yz tsp. cloves

1 tsp. salt

3 tbsp. sugar

2 tbsp. Worcestershire sauce

]A c. vinegar and Yl c. water

Y2 c. tomato catsup

Mix the flour and mustard into a paste.

Add remaining ingredients.

Lima Beans and Sausage Casserole 2 c. cooked lima beans Sego Milk Products Company

1 pound link sausage Originator oi Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West 2 tbsp. flour Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl. Idaho

1 c. milk 14 tsp. pepper

Yl% c.tsp.breadsalt crumbs

Pierce sausages with fork, cook in skillet 12 to 15 minutes, turning frequently. Cut in

oneinch pieces and arrange in greased casserole. Arrange beans on top of sausage. ENERGY

Stir flour into sausage fat, add milk slowly, stirring constantly until thick. Add seasonand

ings. Pour gravy over sausages and lima

beans. Cover with bread crumbs. Bake 20

minutes at 450 F. GOODNESS

Baked Salmon Ring Filled with Vegetables 2 c. flaked fish, cooked or canned HI

1 c. soft bread crumbs

2 eggs beaten Yl c. milk Every Slice

Yl tsp. salt

1 tsp. onion juice

1 tbsp. parsley

1 tbsp. lemon juice of

Combine seasonings, eggs, and milk with crumbs. Combine mixture with fish. Place

in wellgreased ring mold. Bake 45 minutes RSKM,

at 350 F. on serving platter, fill center with FINE Unmold

creamed or buttered vegetables. Bread

TomatoJelly Ring Salad ROYAL BAKING COMPANY juice 2 c. tomato 1 small bay leaf Salt Lake—Ogden

or 4 whole cloves slices onion salt and pepper tsp. lemon juice

gelatin IN tbsp. unflavored FIFTY For OVER USE YEARS..

c. cold water oi Aids in treatment Canker, simple WEA COMPLETEOffER

c. finely chopped celery sore throat SERVICE ENGRAVING and other minor mouth

c. cabbage shredded From Missionary Portraits to the Largest irritations. and throat mayonnaise Catalogues.

Simmer tomato juice, bay leaf, cloves, and Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention strain; 10 minutes; seasoningonion add Hall's Canker Remedy CO. ENGRAVING UTAH gelatin juice. softenedand lemon Add in 536 East 2nd St. Lake City, Utah 113 Regent Salt Lake City, Utah So.—at Salt

150) on {Concluded page MARCH, 1945 149

(Concluded from page 149) cold water, stir until gelatin dissolves. Pour

into individual ring molds.HANDBOOK of the RESTORATION

Chill until firm. and fill centers Unmold;

with cabbage and celery, seasoned with salt, pepper, sugar, lemon juice, and mayonnaise.

Daffodil Cake

c. sifted cake flour

sugar whitesA treasure chest 80 subjects—1 c. egg

yolks egg 700 pages of use4of clear, concise 1 of tartar tsp. cream

extract tsp. orange Y2convincing essays ful, inspirationtsp. vanilla Y

al material tsp. salt for Y2 a varietyon of

Sift flour sugar, measure, once, add % cup teachers, speaksalt. sift times. whites and four Beat egg andGospel themes.

ers, missionaries, Whenbeating foamy,until stiffaddenoughcream toofholdtartar;up incontinuepeaks,

Liberally students of the butflournotoverdry.mixtureBeat inin smallremainingamounts,sugar.foldingSift

Illustrated restored Gospel. carefully.in vanilla. DivideTo theinother,two parts.fold inToorangeone, foldextract and egg yolks. Put by tablespoons

into ungreased angel food pan, alternating ir mixtures.after 30 minutesBake inincreaseslow ovenheat(275to 325F.) andand

$2.50 bake 50 minutes longer. Remove from oven

and invert pan one hour, or until cold.

Men in military service will welcome its comfort and inspiration Chocolate Rennet ToppingCustard with Peppermint 2 c. milk Subjects and authors include: 1 pkg. chocolate Rennet powder

Joseph Smith's Own Story Why Is Religion Needed? 1 egg white

Divine Mission of Joseph Smith by John A. Widtsoe 2 tbsp. sugar

by John A. Widtsoe Religion for the Ordinary Man 2 drops peppermint flavoring

Contributions of Joseph Smith by John A. Widtsoe Warm milk slowly. Test a drop on inside

by Stephen L Richards A God Who Speaks by John A. Widtsoe of wrist. When comfortably warm, not hot,

A Friendly Discussion by Ben E. Rich The Greatest of All by John A. Widtsoe remove at once from heat. Stir Rennet powFaith A. and Works Widtsoe Meaning by Charles W. Penrose Life's John by into der milk briskly until dissolved—not A.Repentance Religion and Baptism Widtsoe John Complete by over one minute.

by Charles W. Penrose First Principles of Salvation Pour at once, while still liquid, into four

The Gift of the Holy Ghost by John A. Widtsoe dessert glasses. Let stand at room temperaby Charles W. Penrose Why "Mormonism?"by B. H. Roberts ture until set. Chill.

Divine Authority by Charles W. Penrose Truth Restored: A Modern Miracle

Apostasy by Charles W. Penrose by John A. Widtsoe Peppermint Topping

Restoration Charles of by W. Penrose Idea The Mormon God until Beat white egg foamy. GraduallyLatterday Revelation O. Bennion Samuel by

stiff. until beat sugar and drops few Add Spirit Penrose Charles by The World W. by James E. Talmage add coloring green food flavorpeppermint and for theSalvation of Resurrection the Dead Dead

stiff. ing; until beat before serving Just E. Charles Penrose by W. Talmage James by

custard, top Rennet with peppermint for theBaptism the Dead Progress Beyond Grave meringue. E. Penrose Charles by W. Talmage James by

DESERET BDDK COMPANY Mr. Leader of Boys

44 East South Temple Street, P. O. Box 958, Salt Lake City 10, Utah

"THE BOOK CENTER OF THE INTERMOUNTAIN WEST"{ Concluded from page 1 28

Please send me This didn't please the minister. The latName Address ter stood it for several Sundays and then

copies of THE HANDBOOK OF THE RESTORATION at $2.50* he decided he'd burn Sandy up about it.

'Please add 2% sales tax in Utah. Herewith He did.

"Sandy, you must stay awake. It

looks terrible to go to sleep—it sets a

bad example."

Sandy replied, "I canna help it."Owned Made WANTED The minister said, "But you must help

in in it."Utah Utah CHURCHESHOMES Sandy answered, "But I canna help This To Be Redecorated Winter While it."

Available Manpower is During these winter months we will have The minister thought he had an inspiavailable decyour meet the Manpower exterior. interior needs, andto By a Mormon Pioneer Family orating

of will satisfactory thorough, be sure work You rationbring aandbitsaid:o'snuff."Sandy,WhennextyouSundayfeel

service. well spring Next getting yourself Serving: chapels, all as Private homes, drowsy, just put a pinch

situation the entirely different and as efficientmay be buildings using heat nose."of it in your force unprofitable not postponement. Do

attic Insulate save your and inspired, Sandy was "Mr. MinNow to or Write us now and talk your TO HAVE PROUD WE ARE over! plans J/3DONEyour THEfuel takePhonedecoratingchances ister, think an do you no be it would FAILS TEMPLE IDAHO

awful guid plan if you'd put a wee bit

S. U. CO. PETER KETTERER o'snuff ROCK sermons?"into your WOOL

Salt Logan, Lake Ogden G-755G City—Provo, Phone leaders of boys, you've got to You all cities Mississippi) of the west {and St., Salt Lake City, Utah 1347 Washington

put more "snuff"into your sermons.

150 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The manwho's

so strange. Just look at it sort of Conoco N'A oil's great manmade ingredient, hintM / I

this way: All together you're driving your too! And that brings the plus of oilplating

prewar car, your wartime car, and the car—to defy corrosive engine acids—to help your

you must earnestly hope to keep postwar. engine resist formation of carbon and sludge.

You cannot count on a new car soon. More are You'll get a cleaner engine that conserves your

wanted already than America has oil and gasoline; your battery, too.

ever yet built in three full years! Above all, you'll know that

Then no precaution can be your engine's fine inner finish is too thorough for that postbeing shielded by protective, war car you drive right now durable oilplating—making

—and there's no plainer safety its distinct added contribution

measure than having its engine toward letting your car live its limit.

oilplated. This unprecedented extra surfacYet Conoco N'A motor oil costs you little

ing, formed direct on precious inner parts, more. Change now. Continental Oil Company

comes from Conoco N th motor oil—patented.

All in addition to finest natural quality.-.. all in addition to extreme modern refining... CONOCO

all in addition to tough liquid oil film, you get

MOTOR OIL

MARCH, 1945 151

WHAT MOTHERS CAN DO Here's How to

TO STRENGTHEN THE Insure Your other -Uaaaktef f\elatloniki Baking Success f f>... says Mother Maca ONEourofChurchthe gloriousis the thingsway thataboutit wereor candymy friends,making.too.I usedTheyto helpedfeel theyme

meets every need in our daily to understand your world and its problives. We mothers and daughters need lems. Next, I see you in your first

to be close to each other through these formal, and the lad who called for you, perilous times. so proud and shy. My little girl, was

I have been asked to show what becoming a young lady—the realization

mothers can do to strengthen the mothstartled me, yes, even frightened me.

erdaughter relationship. To do this we However, this loss was compensated in

must first know what we are striving for a great measure by your confidently in teaching our youth. We must have sharing your parties with me the day

With Amazing a plan—an objective to follow. By the following.

time our daughters are eighteen their I have watched you in your choice of characters have, to a very great degree, friends, measuring them always by their MACA YEAST been molded and their later lives will rehonesty, truth, and virtue. May these

The Fast, Dry Yeast You flect the training received prior to this qualities influence you when the time

I have written a letter I for this life and the eternities to come. USE JUST LIKE time.accomplishIn order to show what we should comes for you to choose a companion

COMPRESSED myshoulddaughterlike toattainsbe ablethe ageto writeof eighteen.when Yougivenunderstand,us the one ofperfectcourse,marriagethat Godcerehas

YEAST! T ittle Daughter: monytime oftenand toleadsacceptto lessheartachesat such aandcrucialdespair. left sure the I'm eighteen. young are man whom you Today You

it! This marvelous of one Think true last girlish choose at and trustworthy you will be behind midyeast your you day

offers the advantages of compressed you will that the priesthood he last honor and night night over when you stepped yeast yeast granular and COMBINED bears. into the borderline I could womanhood.

ACTS EXTRA FAST! No special tricks be very sad about it, but I shall not. I Today as you step upon the threshold

when you bake with fastacting, dependshall be happy and proud of the new of womanhood I hold no fears for your able Maca Yeast. Just follow your regular young lady who is to occupy the room future. Latterday Saint girls can be

rises so quickly, methods. Maca girl little a stoop to never depended used. you're finthe upon—they

ished in baking doublequick time. al- I action. think of those commonplace Remember childhood days when

And your results will thrill you! Maca we kept house together; when it was ways, as we have said, your body is a

gives bread and rolls a wonderfully smooth tidy and neat, God gave me the opprecious tabernacle, housing your more texture, a rich golden color, and a real portunity to teach his beautiful gospel precious spirit. Therefore, you will want

oldfashioned flavor—a delicious, nutsweet to you and to mold your character in to keep it clean, pure, and strong, that

flavor like grandma's bread used to have. your most impressionable years. You it may be a fit receptacle for the treasure

loved the stories of Joseph, David, and it contains.

Stays Fresh for Weeks Nephi almost as much as those of our From now on you will be increasingWithout Refrigeration

Maca is such a convenience! You can alpantry supply ways keep on your a handy By HELEN GERBER JONES

store. trips shelf, extra to the save yourself

For your complete protection, we date every package. dear Savior. Sitting here now I seem to ly responsible for your own decisions.

So insure your baking success with see your sweet childish face upturned to Always you will have the gospel as a

Maca, the original fast, granular yeast that me, asking so many questions of life and guide. The knowledge of the gospel is

you use just like compressed yeast. the gospel. Then I see the confidence the greatest possession obtainable, and

its will light brighten pathway. your

will apparent to face even be able You All Yeast! No Water, withI prayedwhichto youGod acceptedfor wisdommy toanswer.guide

No Filler! your precious intelligence as he would disaster by clinging to the fundamental

have it go. truths of our Church belief.

On you went, and to me at least, As you go into this broader life opensweeter grew. Yes, there were times ing before you, you shall have freedom

when you thought mother didn't underto chart your own course, for I have stand; perhaps I seemed oldfashioned, given what help I could in forming ideals

and of course as you said, "Times have and principles. You have repaid your

Remember—Maca, too, is serving the changed."I'll admit at times you were debt to me many times over, and now I

forces. If grocer aldoesn't your armed love, aprespect, ask only and what diffident understand. to hard and Your

it, ways ask have for Yeast (Magic Foam I is earn. think but proval There you alfrank strange language but and was

tried Yeast), the -true -and that product I to be of one continue favor ask you: this gulf recogbridged and ways we

fine flavor. also gives a oldtime will to the daughter your you want me that principles of fundamental nized

to you, daughter to be when you are my right change. truth never and YEAST NORTHWESTERN COMPANY just eighteen. has turned age and she

I see Again, girls and your friends; 1750 IM. Ashland Ave. Chicago 22, III.

COPYRIGHT 1945. NORTHWESTERN VEAST CO. boys you were proud to bring home to Lovingly,

enjoy games and music, corn popping, Mother 152 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE LD.S. CHURCH

By DR. WAYNE B. HALES in a \JutpodtMember, M.I.A. General Board SOILOFF

ing. thoughtprovoking Frequent and Cleans Painted Walls effective letters are of do- a most way for the of part opening a program TTS

this. ing and Woodwork our Improvement AssoMutual ZA

I experience widens more come As my short ciation time a meeting held <f * feel stabilizing the to influence and more soldier in the a Zone, young Canalago its of lives in the the of Church young In reading. to give respondasked awas

I in here been have and women. men letlast his the pocketing he took from

three nearly and months Panama nowter his received sweetheart he from had life, at seen conclose the range have it to a read proceeded number fromand solduct, the ordinary of language and recent paragraphs. recountedof a They

It sailor service. in dier the been has and

in lesson her given School homeSunday privilege to the also contact L.D.S. my prayer, subject on andward. was The stationed are here through boys who 4Ck*)*fe in his told presentationthe teacher had

local the the of Church. branch Two stories, of faithpromoting anda number

their for held meetings are each week in thethese her included lady young had

I benefit. these meetings ample have At inletter. effective written an were They opportunity to see the to meet them and

left sincere that profound aand way lives difference the of the between rank soldierinfluence the and upon young file those a and with backand Mormon Saifoff v/ipes, awoy. that at read us heardupon them who $fim,e and grease I I listened totime. thought them As

like water, magic! No here branch this letter members different number the from HThe washow rinsing, dryno no A letter that into the forty, handsordinary half ing. of are came about one to which easy As ', use

dustcloth! os a folks the from servicemanof back servicemen. a each meet Sunday Theyhome, and how satisfying its substance evening for sacrament meeting and mm\

was to a homehungry man shut off from Tuesday evening for M.I.A. in the J'Guaranteed by

its influence and the culture that surEsther Witkin U.S.O. at Balboa. They Good Housekeeping;

rounds it. I am sure that of all the things are made very welcome and are given

discussed in that letter the ideas on every consideration that any group of prayer will be the ones longest rememservicemen would receive by this fine bered and most effectively applied by organization. The boys in service carry

soldier. too, I thought,the while this their share responsibility of the Church 111. Decatur, - MAIN STCal. ST.,letter Glendale, wonderful singing, preaching, for the was being and sacraCfll3UIL NECUfT 62820 wVINE read, how

it would be if every letter from home, ment service. As one will know by obfrom mother, father, sister, sweetheart, serving the accompanying picture, a

or a friend, should contain a few lack of ladies greatly handicaps them in thoughts to give the serviceman concarrying forward the M Men and cerned a moral or spiritual boost. These Gleaner program as it is outlined, quite

need not be presented in a preachy way the reverse of conditions in the wards but naturally. back home.

done and navy have won is presided The army Canal Branch Zone The Soaks clothes WHITER for the leisure in providingderfully well assisted President over Clive Larson by time of the serviceman. On every orby Pvt. Keith McCune and Billie Fothganized post one will find gymnasiums, eringham. The M.I.A. presidency inathletic fields, libraries, motion pictures, cludes Evan Jones, president, with Mcorganized courses of study, churches, Kay L. Pratt and Cpl. Whitney D.

etc., for his use. But off the posts or out Hammond as assistants. The picture Leaves no rings on

of the camps he is surrounded by vice was taken at a recent M.I.A. party. dishpan or washtub

of the most hideous kind in the form of These members come from many parts gambling, drinking, and prostitution. No of the United States. They include restone should be left unturned by the turned missionaries, recent converts.

folks at home to surround our boys with and investigators. Loved ones back

safeguards that will promote clean liv- {Concluded on page 154)

Keeps baby things immaculate LOTS OF SUDS EVENIN HARD WATER

L.D.S. GROUP IN CANAL ZONE

Front row: McKay L. Pratt, Edna Moore, Beulab Larson, Teresa Pratt, Julia Ellsworth, Ida Middleton, SEND THE "ERA"TO A BOY IN Jones.Evan

Middle row: Wayne B. Hales, Homer C. Riggs, Walt Weidner, Whitney D. Hammond, Thomas Hemsley, IN THE SERVICE

Ketterer. L. Erekson* Paul L. Foster.Robert Robert

to right: Ullrich, row, left George Back Alburn D. Griffin, James W. Wilson, Clive Larson, Arthur Kraus, $2.00 a year delivered anywhereFloyd Copen, Stanley A. Moore, Henry D. Nelson, Charles Chilson.—Photographer, Keith McCune.

MARCH, 1945 153

The LD.S. Church

in a Military Outpost (Concluded from page 153) home should be grateful that the Church can effectively carry its program to these outposts to give joy and spiritual uplift to their sons and daughters in the service. How cherished this Church opportunity is can be appreciated by a

remark one of our boys made to me the other night in which he said, "Our sacrament and M.I.A. meetings are the

bright spots in my life here in the Canal

Zone and I wouldn't miss one for the world."Most of these soldiers have a

one hundred percent attendance record at both of these meetings and the others would have if military assignments had not interfered. Their testimonies, prepared speeches, and other program participation give purposeful activity to

themselves and spiritual stimulation to their fellows.

The President of Rotary International ( Concluded from page 1 29 throughout the years since. He has

made many important contributions to counts theAtworktwentyeightof the Rotaryyearsorganization.of age, he was

- theservedyoungestthe Chamberpresidentof everCommerceto haveof*f*SJfa&the * J'->>*1 Pocatello. He became chairman of the

school board, vice president of the Boy council; as a served area he Scout oyer cos, state hosmental the of board member S TOToTO arming haveZL ENlr:loW the pital of as a Y.M.C.A. member and ge, economical To thmg in positions of other and board many important < plan most to tn state. his city in useful service and years, longer of loW"SX period

elections yearsy in active been has always to tunrun He - tractors Case political for but has run never a once,DURANCE speeds endurance is office. probably lame "The This why U is jg*. P expen* load** comes ItSKS annual life luckiest September of was day my odurance wi*loer F years,,. Cas ht 1921,"said, quota21, to according a he { a dozen than after lem, in 21st tion Rotarian. September The

every Vilate married the Dunn. he day was 10 tract -ractsth extrafU*"."Tcare building is insisting on as quoted Mrs. Wells UV and dn dust necessary, public rule, not seek must only one "He esttuctive seem -J* office."

They have two attractive, charming daughters who are musically talented.

Gail is married to Lieutenant Keith

Petty, U.S.N.R., who during the past

few months has participated in many of the important engagements in the Pacific War theater. Gail's younger sister,

Anne, is twelve years old.

Tom J. Davis, who was president of

Rotary International in 194142 said of Richard H. Wells:

Having been a stateline neighbor of Dick

Wells for many years, having known him in his home, having watched his rise in

Rotary, I can without reservation say to all members of our globe encircling organization that we are fortunate to have him at our helm in the trying year ahead.

plains for now Make DEALER. CASE SEE YOUR reason to Saints truly Latterday have if you tractor, even faster, farm modern more a of another Wells, be proud of Brother will tractors delivery. for to wait More have

be built as war limitations are overcome. Write our many young men who have been

for folders on tractors and any farm machines you selected for positions of responsibility may need. J.I. Case Co., Racine, Wis. in various national and international organizations.

154 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Faith (Concluded from page 135) "Ain't time,"Me\ said. "We'd miss

the express.""But the bridge? You can't go on—

"Shut up!"Mel said. "The bridge's

all right. It's got to be!"

"You can't see it!"Young Charley's

face was white. He gripped the arm

railing beside the window. "You're

crazy to take a chance like this,"he went on, his voice hoarse. "You can't

see the tracks! You can't see anything!"

Old Mel laughed shortly. "Sometimes

you have got to believe in things you can't see,"he said.

They hit the water, and it came up around the old engine in blinding spray.

Old Mel cut off the steam. It would be

better to coast over that wooden trestle, he knew.

Then they were across and up out of the water. "More steam!"Mel yelled.

Charley picked up the scoop. He

seemed a little dazed. He spilled the

first shovelful over the floor. After that,

he was all right again.

1 hey caught the express at the junction. Old Mel climbed down

into the rain and watched them transfer the sick girl to the other train. He felt

mighty good about that.

Then, suddenly, Charley was standing him, beside him, towering over OTHE* OILS -RDAA littlegrinning sheepishly. a artSrfcKSTO RPM Lubricants made "KUNFROM HOT SPOTS I or HOT scared,"kind "Guess SPOTS was sticky,"too. he extra tough -and

said. got you've something "Maybe

there about believin'in things you can't Even in rain and mud, they cling always see."to wearpoints, just like..

Old Mel just grinned back at his boy.

He didn't say anything. He couldn t.

He thought so much of Charley, and RPM MOTOR OIL sticks besides there was a lump in his throat to engine hot spots that felt as big as a flywheel.

and prevents metal -metal wear on piston The Pony Express ringsNo wonder.and cylinders...

Stations

(Continued from page 131) Canyon noticed an Indian trotting along RPM Lubricants and the road. only dressed with was He OIL MOTOR a RPM every thebreechclout moccasins. and When

cars 1000 miles keep horsesrunning he up to where came was, the driver challenged him to a race. out of trouble.

The challenge was accepted in silence Try em and see!

and try as that driver might to get some extra speed from the horses the Indian was always right alongside the coach.

When about one mile from Willow, the

Indian put on a burst of speed and waved the driver to come on as he ran away from the outfit. He fell back and

held out his hand for the passengers to reward him, which they did, as the stage rolled to a stop at Willow. The horses

changed; the stage continued east, while

the Indian trotted back up the road.

The next trip west the Indian was there, and again the race was on and ended at Canyon Station and—the passengers rewarded the runner. You

(Continued on page 156) MARCH, 1945 155 THE PONY EXPRESS STATIONS {Continued from page 155) else and I could not find a thing to show guessed it. This runner was Peahnamp, where the station had been. Neither

and he now had the information he could I find the grave of Jed Earl or the wanted, for he had located Riley. driver the Indians had shot at Eight

The following morning just after dayMile and who was buried here.

break as Riley was currying one of the I went to the store for some confidenhorses at the end of the stable the cook tial information, presented my credencalled the men to breakfast. The men tials, but could get no information, so

went from the log house into the kitchen rather disgusted with everything and and stacked their guns at the door of everyone in general, I got in my car and their sleeping quarters. drove up a rather grassy draw and came

Suddenly they heard a shot. A bullet to a level piece of ground and decided

had broken Riley's ankle, and as he this must be Prairie Gate or Eight Mile, looked up he saw Indians at the doorfor it was eight miles from Deep Creek, way so began to run down the canyon and here was a place for me to appraise.

on his broken ankle. An Indian followed One lone house was in sight so there I

and killed him. Those in the eating went.

room rushed out but were mowed down Prairie Gate or Eight Mile Station by the Indians, who shot them full of was situated near a small spring. The

arrows. Only one succeeded in getting present owner of the ranch seemed to

by them, and he was also killed by the know nothing at all about the history of

Indian who had shot Riley, and reports the early days of that station. I had

World's Crand Prize at Paris International had it this Indian was Peahnamp. heard the Indians had killed Mr. Wood

Exposition, 1928, one of six world's grand After all of the men had been killed, here, and one of the Egan boys had prizes and gold medals awarded the makers the Indians took the horses, guns, in buried him where he fell about seventyof Mrs. J. C. McDonald's Chocolates. fact everything that they might have use five yards north of the house, but I could

for and placed an Indian in charge of not find the grave. I did find part of

these things while they dragged Riley's the walls of the old house and stable, body up to the large wood pile and set but they were about all gone. I stayed

everything afire. They then rode away. here over night and did considerable

Harry Bates of Deep Creek once told thinking, for never before had I heard me how these facts became known. Accoyotes that could sing "Sweet Adeline"

cording to his story, they had a wateras those could, and never before had I man at the station who hauled water seen such tame, big fat beggars as those were. story of the Reminded Evan me miles to the about from a spring two The world's highest awards for to tell the about used mosquitoes left at Jones southwest. always This man

finest quality chocolates have night and let the water fill his wagon so back at Fish Springs. He said they grew

large so that four carry could of them he morning came would drive six times been bestowed on the when off sized horse; that he an ordinary soldiers the station. were The down to

makers of Mrs. J. G. McDonald's there to protect him, but they objected trained a small one and used it as a huntChocolates. World's grand priztoIndiannighttroublework andof lateas theredid nothad gobeenwithno ingduck,dog,the and"skeeter"when wouldhe wouldcatchshootit be-a

es and gold medals have come him. He was returning with his load of fore it hit the ground.

half a mile about are still at water Eight and when away and Mile I am We to this name famous for chocothen start for Creek rode all and so disgusted to Deep than ever saw it more lates at international expositions on one of his horses. So that was why the next station, Antelope Springs.

Canyon Station was changed to Burnt Never before or since have I ever tried at Seattle. Nice, London, Liege, Station. to drive a car over such roads which

Padova and Paris. were listed as "Improved Highways."

"PROM here the road goes up Overland They were nothing but ruts, high cenCanyon and on to Deep Creek ters, dusty, and bad in every way, and it

In our 84th year of quality choctwelve miles away, but this is the only took me exactly four hours'driving time olate manufacture, we exercise partso cannotof thisdescriberoad I it.have never been on toEightcoverMiletheandseventeenAntelope.milesI wonderedbetween

the same high skill that has Deep Creek, now Ibapah, was a home how the stage had ever pulled through, the especially wet. roads were when it I visited appraising station, while and made the name "Mrs. J. G. Mcis in in situated Springs 193233. from Antelope a small land came name The

Donald"synonymous with highthe fact that the creek was in a deep valley, near the northwestern side, and the fact that the creek because from numerand not itself was so named wash

It there. forward ous antelope deep. found had I looked were Long est quality in chocolates the was is now

world around. to getting to this station and having my in the State Antelope Refuge. My bad

old friend, Harry Bates, tell me more luck still held. I stopped for information

old time stories of events that had hapand facts about the early days when the pened here but when I arrived I was to Pony Express and Overland Stage had be disappointed, for Harry had died. I stations here. Two Indians came out,

had wanted him to go with me and visit and as I could not understand their old Ibapah Jack, an Indian that had language, and apparently they could not herded sheep for me when Harry had. understand mine, I learned nothing exThought we might call on Antelope cept that it was now called Tippett.

Cat, or then hunt up a and turned west few miles Wild Jimmy up we might

Indians also gravellyMrsJ.G.McDonald orJake and get his slant on old time affairs I drove a little south of west for a Crepo, younger had continued to a and wash who on

for in that reception me, summit, the low and then went but my down cold other mighty a gravelly, one another side along Chocolate Company workedtown was windone. No

Salt Lake City—Owned and Operated by seemed to care about the Indians, the ing wash, and finally at thirteen miles

Mrs. I. G. McDonald and R. Neal McDonald old Pony Express Station, or anything came to a nice meadow. Here I was to

156 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The Pony Express Stations appraise another place and there being only one in sight decided this must be where the old station, called Spring

Valley, was situated.

Cpring Valley derives its name from the fact that numerous springs are found up and down the valley.

I drove up to the house and stopped, and imagine my surprise when I looked at the name of the person on the loan application and found it to be the same as the name of a man who used to run sheep near my range up in northern

Utah, many, many years ago. He came

out and that surely was a happy reunion and a very pleasant surprise for both of us.

He showed me where there was a cornerstone and I began my work. Possibly two hours later I was passing

near the house. He came out and asked

where I was going. I told him, "to find

a corner in the low hills to the east of the house."He followed. There, near

cornerstone,the a number were of ruins AllisChalmers Tractor with Model C

I said buildings so to himof old first selfadjustable front axle. The

"Someone live here in early days?"greasing tractor.

"Yes and no. This was the old Pony

Station beforeExpress you can lift your sights plements that become an intenowit wasis."moved NOWdown where my house

above the aim of the grease gun. gral part of the AllisChalmers "Fine place for one, for a person can

see in every direction from the top of There's not a single grease fitModel C. Each tool fits and

this hill."ting on the AllisChalmers Modoperates just as effectively with

"Not such a fine place, after all. You el C Tractor. Positivelysealed, the adjustable front axle as with

see the large sage and cedars around here, and the numerous ravines, all grease -packed reservoirs bring the standard dual front wheels.

made an ideal place for the Indians to you freedom from the daily That's your new freedom from shot take an occasionalhide in and at greasing chore. unnecessary investment in exthose for the same inthe men, it was

days as it is now. The men killed There's more of this engineertra tools.

Indians buried them three and ortwo the ing streamlining in the easy hyFree yourself from the waste of then other hill, that andover on station was moved down to where my draulic lift, the clear visibility, timeconsuming equipment and is, in thehouse open where you can see the surprising economy of this you're ready for farsighted going on."what is

"Were any of the riders killed here?"tractor. You'll like the complete ranching. Visit your Allis-

"Not that I know of, but one came line of matched, quickhitch imChalmers dealer now.

mighty near it."Lubrications 250 Hours Apart!

"Tell me what you know about it, Antifriction tubular bearings will you?"are an example of the enginWe sat down on the top of the hill eering leadership of the Allisand he told this story. Chalmers Brenneis Model H

Offset Disc Here's Harrow. see, after sheep I brought "You my

the disc that from frees you I here,from Grouse Creek down daily monotonous greasing, I this ranch, the boughtbought and man saves of of hundreds pounds it said told to the me. story from He

level grease. work. Absolutely

rider the Express fromone Pony day dealAllis-Chalmers your Ask just east thethe got here as two men line er of the about complete sitting dinner. to stoppedwere down He

tilBrenneis duty heavy A-C his to the of insteadto of going eat end tools. lage

run up at Schellbourne.

"Well, when they came out of the house they saw some Indians driving their horses across the meadow and into them cedars. The rider was running

of the other andahead had two his ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A. if close to shootrevolver he got ready

enough. But just as he got to the cedars,

(Concluded on page 158) MARCH, 1945 157

Wfci THE PONY EXPRESS STATIONS {Concluded from page 157) time when I had written about the volan Indian shot an arrow into his head unteers being of some use, once at Fish and he fell down. The others came back, and the other time out here, for near this

but when they saw the Indians drive the pass they had succeeded in slaying some horses over the hill they went back. twenty odd Indians after the Schell raid.

They thought the rider was dead so left I wondered if the soldiers had buried the him there. Next day some men came Indians, and if they had, wondered if

along to bury him, but they found he I could find the place and dig in some was still alive to pulled the arrow out, of the graves, and if I did, if I would not but the flint head stuck in the bone. They find a lot of worthwhile flint arrowbrought him to the house and the next heads.

day a man by the name of Egan, who Then I looked down the ridge. Yes,

had charge of the riders between Deep the Indians were still there. I wondered

Creek and Ruby Valley, came along if the Pony Express had been running and took the rider to a doctor and when I was a young man, if I would durned if he didn't get well, least they have had the courage to ride, for here said he did."was the old route, and there were the

Reluctantly I left him and his wealth Indians, and on all sides were countless of information and drove, north up rocks where any number of Indians

Spring Valley, a few miles and then could have hidden and popped me off as turned west for a ride to Schellbourne I rode by. I might have had the courage

right youngster, in a but now, when my Pass.... MANNING'SREG CARTOONS I it age, old for to decided best was me long ridge a road took up and The Indians, strictly alive, or leave dead... LIPPMANNWALTER I HEDDA for best the been one some on had was alone.

I disfairly eating the time so up was

I... in got car a around and woundHOPPER'S my HOLLYWOOD tance a rounding suddenly upon when possibly very miles road crooked two

I rather Indians turn sharp some saw...GASOLINE ALLEY to called Schell place and Creek came a in in right front the of me. road They miles fourteen Spring which from was

I It stopped. so not move, would was

I Station. to appraisal Valley an had in Noted American names time, hunting deer they two and had

first at the so place stopped here make large rather the of the bucks on edge... journalism famnames in standing the yard asked a and man road. old Indian buck and two An lived. Soand-So walked where Mr. He iliar to Salt of the readers sonsin- ones, or possibly younger sons

to gun, the house, got out and a came in the the middle there law, stood of Tribune. Tribthe Lake For I to said: where was and road, four three or while a squaws and

me. "Thassa wan'?"you What has carefully une scanned girls, partly flock smaller of whole were

I replied: told him he and carrying partly the deer dragging and best the features available. I time, for you, "Long their opposite to the across on camp

that thing sure about One Its man—hewait/ editors have viewed side the road. of stood young boys The

folhis corners were. where He folks, offering the to knew never with men through them eyes your in to hand, me, gun lowed and wanted help, for taught they been had work

I this, that, or did and know why why selected the of 73 best and the but beneath squaws. any was so through crooked marks I made many

available in American jourWhile I was stopped, waiting, I my map on the work sheet. I explained

in of the canlooked the bottom down to Later, everything him. I learned he

the old me, and below nalism. yon there was agent. being of a revenue suspected me

thoughts stage road. passed Many I appraised, the land After asked was is list. This for For growing a through old those mind when my Station the Express him where Pony

tell rides to the timers of used wonderful

I I the for recognized been, Tribune thought searchhad always

Bill of such as Egan, Wilson, men the of having as been pens some made

I for the ines Streeper, Faust, others the and had Doc and new timers. (This old those where by was

I I to going decided up when grew was

It list the station teresting. is been. fine had as a rider, a Express a be and Pony many in at rather strange looked a me He

I stick that ridden of have around day as on newspaper any my if quite not did as he understand, so way

Indians, shooting horse imaginary with

I said, the old Exin Pony was "Where the United States... a just revolver, of stick for a wood my press Station the Stage Overland and

for to safer the the other route make of selection features which Schell Station here Creek?"on Coach

riders. his against the fence, placed gun He the demonstrates supreme

Those Indians utterly ignored me, wiped his brow, looked across the valleadership of the Salt Lake and finally when the deer were safe in ley and finally said, "No Pony Express sin'parcel an'Alia time post I come.

too, autostage for jus'Tribune in the area it camp,all of thetheytimemovedin theawayworld.as Iifcontinuedthey had no coach wagon,

serves. on my way. mobile alia time."

Schellbourne Pass: Here I got out I asked four different persons why the

and looked around. Looked down the name "Schellbourne"and received four

different really versions so not I do side and

Schell know, only it was on Creek and fors; wonderedold road onhowthe itSpringhad beenValleypossible

the horses to draw the heavy stages up was the fourth home station since leavthe road. I looked down on the Steptoe ing Salt Lake.

Valley side, and the road looked equally The Pony Express has always been steep. I looked across the valley and so close to my heart that I wanted to

could see Egan Canyon and rememshare with others some of the things I bered hearing of the time when the Inhave learned at first hand from old dians had raided that station and the timers whose lives and that of the Pony following night raided the one at Schell Express were so closely interwoven

Creek (Schellbourne) and recalled the with my own childhood.

158 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA My Spring Phobia (Continued from page 133) side. I even, in my spring phobia spree,

hung a tiny white wallbracket above the red and white stove, with imitation trailingivy picturesquely from down it. LET'S HAVE A "breakfast The almost overroom"is

come by its transformation. We painted

walls, ceiling, and woodwork a sunny,canary yellow. My husband capitalHEART-TOHEART TALK

ized on the toolong wall and built in a breakfast bar the whole length of it.

That we painted yellow, too. The fourstools that go with it are a mellow turABOUT YOUR FARM NEEDS

quoise as is also the interior of the one cupboard at the end of the room.

The dining room became smugly atYou will need oil, lubricants, gasoline and other tractive pale, frostygreen with walls. farm necessities to operate your equipment in 1945.

floor light yellowOn the we have string rugs; the dining room chair The question is: where and from whom will you

seats are covered in a figuredyellow make your purchases?

chintz; and on one of the walls we have

four lovelyhung yellow Danish plates We respectfully suggest that it's to your advantagegiven to us present. for a wedding

We painted the living room walls to buy from your Utah Oil Refining Company disthe same shade of green as the ones in tributor for these reasons:

the dining room because those two other. openrooms on to each We gritted Service is prompt, convenient. He

fireplace,our teeth the bore and end but we did paint it the same color as operates a bulk plant near you and the walls, and while it still sticks out can supply your needs without delike a thumb, now at least, it isn't a lay.

sore one. Under the small high window, we placed bookcases and pretended we'd had the window built in Products are of highest quality. You

especially, just to go above them. can depend on best performance.

To contrast with the green walls, we coralrose to slipcoverchose a warm, Prices are fair and discounts arethe easy for draperies chair, and and a cover for the couch we found an ingranted on a uniform basis for expensive colorful chintz with a soft quantity purchases.

beige background and nosegays of fullblown roses, delphiniums, and larkspurs blossoming in graceful patterns. To Call your nearest Utah Oil Refinmake the walls look less *choppedup"ing Company distributor and ask

with the painted doors and like, we the him to explain our just lighter green a shadewoodwork, than the walls. CASOLIMf

I Javing done every bit of painting SpsudoL J>oAjfL (DsaL and fixing by ourselves, we are wellnigh exhausted and the fever seems to have abated. Even with spring

in the air I find myself strangely at peace. serenely eyes over wander My UTAH OIL REFINING CO.

... over the palegreenour home

living room walls; they rest comfortably

upon the light blue bedroom walls; they

glow with satisfaction as they observe the dustyrose walls of the "music

( ) is. the pianoroom."Where For the /IRE TOPS I really content. thinkmoment I am Costuming WEFor I Your i WeMUSICcarry large stocks of music suitable for It is nice to sit evening, of back, an * PLAYS PAGEANTS, OPERAS,after in the tucked bed, has been baby COMPELS SHORTAGE LABOR

leapto the the flames from watch LESS THAN NOT ORDERS PLACING logs S CHURCHES IN OF NEED ADVANCE 5 DAYS endfireplace thein to think and comCOOPERATION YOUR ASK 30WE Jplacently, SCHOOLS AND it. Shdp Hillam's 2 Costume it all did did ourselves "We We City. Salt Utah Lake Arranged

... % little paint, with very and money. filled the best most with and 10 Rooms for Vocal and %

colorful costumes Instrumental m paint patience."timeJust USE and and Very HOMEID

too. things, learned learned in music.nice!We SOLOS—CHOIRS—BANDS specialize Write L. D. We We

available. for material suggestions S.andChurch to us color. to afraid using of benot We Steinway Lester pianos, in and Dealers band Send them the ERA to of never wallslearned blue have talking machines, instruments, orchestra and

or lavender or any of the dark shades wherever they go records and musicians'supplies.

in a room with a northern exposure or where there is very little light. Those 12 issues $2.00 DAYNES MUSIC CO.

(Concluded on page 160) 47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1

MARCH, 1945 159 MY SPRING PHOBIA (Concluded /rom 159) page little tied cination. in with hard work A

fulfilment of of a degree daydreams Just Taste are cold to tend colors and make such a room dreary and forbidding. Poorly will immunize you against further relighted rooms, we found come to life currences on a larger scale of the disWHAT TEMPTING when pinks and yellows and shades of ease.... I think.

to honesty compels However, me them. decorate orange and On FLAVOR THE SUN peach to our done a thing add the other hand that we haven't and sunwhere windows

HAS STORED FOR shine are plentiful nothing is more spabasement. That chamber of horrors

cious than rooms done in the subdued has clasped to its grimy bosom all the

YOU IN. colors, soft blues, deep greens and "don't-knowwhat-todo-withthis, butbrowns. We learned to spot vivid wemust-keepit-becauseUncle-Edgarcolors as accents in rooms done in pale gaveit-tous and itreally-isnice-wecolors. We learned that walls in solid justdon't - have-a-placeto-keepit-

color make the best background for now"things. Now, there's a picture

paintings and hangings and that picwe saw the other day of how a basetures are displayed to the best advanment room might be arranged with tage when hung at eyelevel where just a few yards of material, secondDesert they may be most easily seen. We hand pieces of furniture and paint.

learned that to place furniture across the corner of a room makes it appear smaller. Furniture lined up parallel with I think my phobia is like the headGrapefruit the wall is simplest and most effective. cold. There seems to be no real cure. We found that too much furniture arIn my mind's eye I can see us now,

it in paint in his bespattered old he ranged also a small room... made AND FRESHNESS is packed FLAVOR I, in smaller. seersucker old "cords,"houseseem my into juicy each segment. Sunfixing dress, the basement. Perhaps up

shine has each made mouthful solved phobia. I have T think is my The best to the thing do to make up my

goodtasting and healthful. way to cure spring phobia is to give mind to a lengthy illness and merely say

For our Desert Grapefruit is yourself over to it as completely as is to you weakly in closing, "Happy laden with vitamin C. In each half possible. The key to the situation is painting to you... and may the best

you get an adult's primary supply similar to the principle involved in vacplan win."

of this allimportant vitamin...

enough for a wonderful start tofull-day's your requirement. ward

this bracing, Enjoy fullflavored GENEALOGY golden fruit at every breakfast. (Concluded icom page 144) inspired teachings to this son, now reUse its juicyrich segments in Church in all the land; and by Mosiah pentant, are classic and wellknown exluncheon salads or in frozen desthe king, he was named to be the secular amples of the highest type of leadership.

serts. Or sip cool, thirstquenching ruler, the first chief judge under the Cried Alma in one selfrevealing pasDesert Grapefruit Juice. Every revised form of government. As such, sage:

righteous judge judgments; "he did and

I angel, that could have and an were way, Desert Grapefruit brings you O there the continual through peace was I forth that heart, of might the wish mine go marvelous refreshment "health and father, the his after land."Soon Alma of a the with speak with trump God, and the desert."from lived the at elder, 82, "having of died age earth, repentance the cry to shake voice and

to fulfil the commandments of God.... unto every people!

and thus ended the days of Alma, who Yea, I would declare unto every soul, was the founder of their church."as with the voice of thunder, repentance

(Mosiah 29:45 and 47.) and the plan of redemption, that they should

repent and come unto our God, that there

Events crowding Alma's public minmight not be more sorrow upon all the face istry called for the highest type of courof the earth. (Alma 29:1-2.)

apostate wisdom. age and Nehor The

faithful the slew of Toward the end of his life's mission servant aged and his eldest questioned carefully Alma chief as Gideon. Alma, named God

as to the steadfastness son, Helaman, this for to die judge, him condemned crime. Amlici, cunning and ambitious, of the latter's belief in Christ and in the

sought to have himself proclaimed king; sacredness of the records he was about

blessed his care. to entrust to he Then defeated led a rebellion. and when

in foretelling that four hunHelaman, led his chief judge Alma, and governor, people and chief captains in the bloody dred years from the time that Jesus the himself Christ unto manifest should battles ensued, Amlici slew which and in unbethey dwindle should in of personal combat. a man As God Nephites

entirely destroyed. almost lief, and be the labor for to continued preservahe

for the of blessed this land sake Alma tion chief the of his people; resigned and

it righteous, those cursed but unto his entire judgeship to the time to devote his responsibility as earthly head of the who do wickedly.

Church. This entailed extensive misAnd when Alma had done this he departed

sionary tours, frequently among whole out of the land of Zarahemla, as if to go communities of most bitter opponents. into the land of Melek. And it came to pass

His imprisonment with Amulek at Amthat he was never heard of more; as to his

monihah and their miraculous deliverdeath or burial we know not of.

this Behold, that he a know, was we ance, the of the blasphepunishment the righteous and saying man; abroad went Korihor sign, the mous a demanded who in the that he the church taken up by was HEALTH FROM mission to the in Zoramites which ended Spirit, or the the buried of Lord, hand by THE DESERT partial failure to the owing waywardas even 45:1819.) Moses. (Alma

ness of his son, Corianton, and Alma's ( To be continued) 160 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

meets the Cascades MAW14120 on Southern Pacifies Shasta Route (destination tokyo)

Main"is Army for troop train. Main has to hurdle a range of mountains. land Route they follow the historic

14120—southbound from Portland, OreMountains demand powerful locomopath of the FortyNiners over the High

date a gon-—has

hurry 14120 is in a with1. a transport. Main tives,vigilancetopnotchagainstrailroadingthe stormyandwhimsconstantof Sierraworkingsandto downSan Francisco.through Andthe oldas we'vegold

From Portland to Eugene and on to Nature. told here they climb the Cascades and

Oakridge the train has easy going Southern Pacific serves the principal Siskiyous on our Shasta Route.

through rolling farm country and along West Coast ports of embarkation, and Night and day the war trains will roll the lovely Willamette River. But at more military and naval establishments until Japan is defeated.

Oakridge the easy going ends. than any other railroad. Our war load is

Here Main 14120 gets a helper engine mounting steadily as America's armed and goos mountain climbing. Swiftly forces increase the pressure on Japan.

civilization drops below as the train roars When peace comes, tourists will again up the Cascades—through dense everspeed between Portland and San Frangreen forests and lonely canyons—up to cisco on our Shasta Route. Many will

Cascade Summit and then along a high visit Crater Lake National Park, see forested plateau past lovely Odell and mighty Shasta Dam and tour the specCrescent Lakes to Klamath Falls. tacular Redwood Empire, along this

Another climb to 5063 feet. Then route. WEST COAST

down past mighty Mt. Shasta and across But that must wait. OF MEXICO ROUTE

an arm of vast Shasta Lake (Shasta Now, night and day the war trains

Dam). Down through the Sacramento must roll on Southern Pacific's four

River Canyon and its fertile valley to scenic routes.

San Francisco Bay. On time. They are rolling along the bayous and

Main 14120 is just one of thousands of cypress glades of Louisiana, across the troop trains we have handled, but it great sweep of Texas and Arizona on our illustrates an interesting fact about Sunset Route... along the old Long S*P

Southern Pacific's job in the war. Horn Trail on our Golden State Route The friendly Southern Pacific

Almost every time a Southern Pacific from Chicago through El Paso, across Headquarters train moves from one place to another, it the colorful Southwest... on our Over65 Market Street, San Francisco 5, California

MARCH, 1945 161 Melchizedek Priesthood oftheirwardgrouppriesthoodmeetingsmeetingwith anotherneed notprayer.open

(Continued from page 143) meeting,In the eventbenedictionthey dismissshould frombe heldtheingroupeach

Answer 1 1: None. The materials referred group. (See December 1937 Era.)

to were distributed in order to acquaint stake Question 14: Should groups of the Melauthorities and quorum officers with the chizedek Priesthood, constituting as they do

forthcoming printed Roll and Record Books, parts of quorums, attempt to organize and etc. These have now been printed and dismaintain the four standing committees as is

tributed to the respective stakes. Mimeorecommended for Melchizedek Priesthood

graphed materials distributed at October quorums?

conference are of no further value and Answer 14: The four standing committees

should be discarded. are quorum committees. It is desirable, however, where convenient to have representaQuestion 12: Is it permissible for Meltives of each standing committee from the

chizedek Priesthood groups to operate unwards where the respective groups of the attached to a quorum and report directly to quorum are located. It is expected that each

the Stake Melchizedek Priesthood Commitof the standing quorum committees meet tee in the case of quarterly reports and diperiodically with their chairman who is to rectly to the Council of the Twelve in the be a member of the quorum presidency.

case of the Confidential Reports? Annual

are 15: meetquorums Question Where 12: the of group MelNo. Each Answer is the regularly ing second each week, why to, chizedek attached Priesthood should be

to as in designated meeting each be month of, part Priest- a and a Melchizedek become the not meeting? monthly quorum May in in the the stake hood group quorum which

other designated? meeting so be some

is officers located. of consist group a The

15: meeting has been second Answer The of secretary, leader a group not and and a

the General Priesthood so recommended by president counselors, in the with as of case the the of in Council Committee and Twelve, a quorum.

of interest uniformity, a Churchwide

Question 13: When the priesthood of the facilitate the keeping of records and theto

ward meets in joint assembly prior to sepamaking of reports. If, however, there is in

ration into their respective groups, may the any stake some local condition or circumopening prayer offered in the beginning of stance or some valid reason which makes it the general assembly of the priesthood serve impracticable or inadvisable to use the secas the opening prayer of die group meetond meeting for this purpose, no doubt deing? partures from the rule would be authorized,

13: Yes. priestif facts Groups of the Answer the warranted.

that participate VURKEE'SFAMOUS hood in this in the general matter. urged assembly

DRESSING But uniformity is Melchizedek Priesthood Outline of Study, April, 1945

Text: The Gospel Kingdom: Selections from the

Writings and Discourses of John Taylor

LESSON 60 between the ideal which Latterday Saints,

The Economy of the Kingdom: popularly, have come to call "the united

Basic Principles order,"and cooperation, and the "order"as

Text: pp. 248254. Topics: The Abunencouraged by President Young in the 70's.

dant Earth. Acknowledgement of God. Discuss: Why did Joseph Smith's effort

Temporal Welfare. An Example of Coto introduce "this order"fail of complete

operation. Consecration, the Test of Faith. fruition? ( pp. 254255. ) Why is it necessary

New Steps in the Work. A Fundamental "to introduce such things, gradually, and

Law. Information About the United Order. according to circumstances"? (p. 256.) Does

A Realistic Outlook. Cooperation and Selfentry into the order take away individual

Sufficiency. Human Needs. Organizing for freedom? Note carefully. Why is President

Need. Production, the Keynote. Unity. Taylor's analogy to the modern joint stock

Discuss: What is a basic step in preparcompany good? Why must the priesthood

ing and planning for temporal welfare? (p. lead the way? Have we outlived "Babylon248.) "If faith, repentance, and baptism and ish ideas and systems of business"? (p. 261.)

true of are right laying hands and on 63 and LESSON obedience, cooperation so our do demand Tithing and Some Economic Problems Presidoes the Order."United and What

dent Taylor mean by this statement? (page Text: pp. 262268. Topics: Background

250.) Before answering, consider carefully of the Revelation. The Command to the

the topics, "Human Needs"and "ProducSaints. The Law Came by Request of the

tion, the Keynote"(pp. 252253) and call People. Tithing and the Building of Zion.

to mind the present scope of Church welThe Test of Faith. Then Why Resort to

fare operations, which outstrip the system Voluntary Donations? An Editorial on

of the 1870's. What does it mean to be Labor. The Economic Problem and the

Oven Roasted Barley and Tree Rip* "mutually interested in everything, the Problems of Life. Problems and Possibilities.

ened California Figs—Nothing Else! profits as well as the losses"? (p. 254.) Latterday Saint Community Building.

Discuss: Why was the revelation on tithLESSONS 6162 ing given? Examine the two cases reported

"CBoon to those who Principles of the "United Order"by President Taylor on p. 264 with regard

of tithes donations; the legal and to payment

the of tithing nature voluntary and don't drink coffee. tionText:From pp.the 254261.Most High.Topics:The OrderA RevelaMust nature

the ask Church 266.) Would A healthful drink LiveFact. in Conformitythe Hearts ofWiththe People.the LawMattersof theof ofvoluntarydonations.donations?Why does(p.

for all the famiiy. Land. The Problem of Freedom. The Ideal donations be necessary if all paid tithing?

of United Brotherhood. A Celestial Law. What was John Taylor's philosophy as to

The Priesthood Must Lead the Way. The the dignity of labor. Why should we dediCALIFORNIA FICGO CO. Cooperative Movement cate our homes, gardens, equipment? What

Leonard H. BaMlf, President The heading for these two lessons on first spirit animated the establishment of the

glance may seem a little misleading. Howvarious "Mormon"settlements in the Ameriever, careful reading of the text will indicate can west? (p. 268.) Have we realized the

that President Taylor carefully distinguishes ideals of the L.D.S. community?

162 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA production will seriously suffer and a of acres go uncultivated number NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO huge HERE'S HOW TO MAKE cigarets as a and alcohol result. Are COLUMN more essential than food? Appearances

Conducted by indicate that some people think so. Yet

Dr. Joseph F, Merrill everybody knows that no one is permitted to smoke or drink while engaged

No Smoking in Public Buses in competitive athletics in American coluniversities. In other words, and'T'he Public Service Commission of leges

science are says tobacco liquor and Utah issued general order No. 57 only unnecessary but they are positivelynot

to public motor carriers, effective Januharmful to the physical wellbeing of said, 19,ary 1945, which or "Smoking athletes. in that the This shows men the carrying lighted of smouldering or

fit physically if they arms be more would pipes, cigarets, cigars, shall not be and totally abstained the consumption from permitted in any passengercarrying of liquor and tobacco.

vehicles, except in such compartments as Yet, one sorry aspect of the matter is the company may especially provide the fact that huge quantities of beer, for smoking purposes."This means that largely water, are shipped to our boys

smoking in public buses traversing the abroad, occupying large spaces that highways of Utah is prohibited as it has could better be filled with other supplies been in the state of Idaho for many greatly needed for the war effort. But

months. this is only one phase of the problem.

the traversing Buses stop highways so phase, the Discussing another Chrisitfrequently justly seems no smoker can its in tian issue of Science Monitor, DeRICHER, SMOOTHER at order. thecomplain respect decent A calls attention 19, to the 1944, cember

for the of wishes to nonsmokers ought fact that are there average an more on HOT CHOCOLATEdeter a smoker from secondmaking a in million enthan the country two men prefers ofhand smoker any one not who distribution, in the manufacture, gaged to such. Certainly become nonsmokers favorite recipe, YOUR selling retail beveralcoholic of and

feeling of ahave commendation USE warm ages. millions Further, of bushels of instead but of water fresh orfor the commission.

coal, grain, essential quantities large of milk, use equal parts of water and Safety MottoA electric gasoline, metals, rubber, power, "Tf you drink, don't drive; if you drive, and other materials needed for the war Morning Milk. Then listen to your

don't drink."effort are consumed by the liquor trade. family rave! Taste it yourself—

This is a wellknown motto heartily How foolish we are! If we were all note its creamier, smoother texture,

in fact, in preChristians than rather public.approved by the general Under its richer flavor. Yes, Morning ended be much would tense, the war conditions traveling publicmodern on

highways is more or less hazardous even sooner than it otherwise will be. Milk's finer flavor makes a big difunder the best conditions. Alcohol in Attention Stake Chairmen ference! No wonder thousands of

isthe driver factor that system of a a less safe.tends him to make This is a TtA socialis saiddrinkingthat drinking,and smoking,particularlynotably Westerning to Utah'shomemakersown finerflavoredare switchfact.wellrecognized JourSafety The

nal once declared "the driver with 'just among women, are becoming more Morning Milk!

a drink or two'is the worst hazard."widespread. Juvenile delinquency in

Liquor plays a major part in the suspen1944 increased more than 30% over sion and revocation of drivers'licenses 1943, it was recently reported in the in Utah. Locomotive engineers and airpublic press. If these reports are corTaste

letrect, of are evidences they a moral pilots areplane not permitted on their Its It violations that follows law down. in their sysjobs if alcohol they have

tems, notwithstanding the fact that train relative to drinking and morals are on Finer and air travel are vastly safer than mothe increase. This is a tendency resultEvapobateo Flavor!

ing these from the war, they say. So travel.tor car This is knowlcommon

that conditions challenge impose our MilK tVAPORATEPp. a sense,edge. Logic, and human common

safety support the nodrink motto. It noliquor-tobacco campaign workers Milk

is hoped the Utah Legislature, now in must face. Hence they are called to Utah's Own

session, will enact the motto into law. make greater efforts to fight the menacLives are too precious to be sacrificed ing evils mentioned than ever before. Toby drunken driving. Statistics say about this end let them try harder than ever to MORNING MILK

40,000 lives have been lost in each of reget parents to feel more keenly their cent years on public highways in the duty to teach their children bv example

United States, saying nothing about the as well as by precept. Get the cooperamuch greater number who suffered retion of vendors of cigarets and alcoholic

coverable injuries. beverages and managers of places of

amusement in observing the law, espeNarcotics and Manpower Shortage cially as it applies to minors. Cooperate

"Phe country is searching for more with and back up civil officers in doing war workers and more men for the their duty relative to law enforcement.

armed services. The demand is that all Do what you can to develop public senthe physically fit between the ages of 18 timent for law observance and enforceand 45 get into essential industry or into ment. Officers will act when strongly

fighter uniforms. During recent weeks supported by this sentiment. Let camthere has been much ado about this matpaign workers develop such sentiment.

ter. This raises the question in many These things can be done if wisdom, enminds as to why cigarets and alcoholic thusiasm, and persistence characterize

beverage industries are permitted to a sufficiently large number of well orflourish during this manpower crisis. ganized and properly directed workers.

Farm boys are being taken into the Herein lies a challenging job for every armed services even though food stake chairman.

MARCH, 1945 A MORMON WIFE (Continued from page 127) for the children this afternon and a took off our leggings and skirts and hung grand ball in the evening. We are all in

them up to dry till three in the after- a bustle preparing for the great event.

noon. Lydia caught an awful cold, but "Saturday, December 6th. Our party

in some fortunate manner I escaped."is over and our anticipations were fully

When I read in the old diary of the realized. We had a lovely time. It

pleasant times Miss Winters gave her rained dreadfully from 2 p.m. till 2 a.m.

pupils on holidays, closing days of and the storm prevented many from school, etc., I am not surprised that they coming that would otherwise have been

adored their teacher. When her first there, but it was the largest company

school in Mill Creek closed in the sumever assembled in that house as it was.

mer of 1875 she records: "I gave my When I bade adieu to Lydia, she cried

pupils a little recreation in the way of and said she would be so lonely without a picnic and party. It was a perfect me, and Mrs. 'O'clipped a lock of my

What the Red Cross is doing success in every particular and went off hair to put in a wreath she was making, for our fighting men withnumbergreatcameeclat.fromIn allthearoundeveninguntila greatthe andcometheybackallagain."wanted me to promise to

room was crowded, uncomfortably so."But Miss Winters did not return

He says: "We simply couldto Exceptcold weather,for themyslightmotherhandicapsenjoyed dueher aagainmoreto advantageousMill Creek. Sheofferhadwhengiven sheup

n't get along without it. The second term of schoolteaching in Mill kept her promise to teach the session

Red Cross is doing a perfectly CreekIn Octoberquite as well1879,asshethe wrote:first. "One thatable hadto acceptjust concludeda propositionand nowfrom wasDr.

magnificent job."month of school gone, and I think it is a Park.

fact worthy of record that I have not

Today your Red Cross been out of patience once. I don't atDy way of showing that she must have

tribute this so much to my angelic tembeen a very efficient teacher, I quote makes a more urgent appeal per as to the docility and goodness of what was recorded in August 1879, for help than ever before. It my pupils. They are dear children all of just before going to Mill Creek.

small a them and I have only fortyfive, Mill a letter "Received East from must not only serve millions of I school in comparison with some offering there, situation have Creek me a at this which I accepted; the next day our overseas fighting men-—lonely had."Miss Winters had arrived

offered school at trustee home me the men—-homesick men—woundteachingseated demurelypost onthetheprecedingback of "Nibsy,"month offerletters I received and today two

ed men. It must lend a helpher Uncle Rony's horse, which animal ing me situations, one at Taylorsville

to ridden school her she from had the Dr. one from Park offering uncle's and me ing hand to the thousands of City. records Salt farm near She Lake in the school Eighteenth This Ward,

returning service men who that she was "domiciled in a very cool, last was the one I wanted so much to clean, pleasant at Mrs. Osguroom take, but I take to had given my promise

like it. desperately need the guidthorpe's sure I shall... I am Will the school, Mill to Creek and so had

ance of a friend. receive sixty dollars a month, and board give up the graded school under the

(including washing and ironing) costs supervision of the doctor, the kind of

Their Red Cross is YOU! only two fifty per week,"school I have always wanted."

On Thanksgiving Day she wrote: In Salt Lake when school finished for

"We had a grand Thanksgiving dinner the season, Miss Winters combined at school. children brought today The students the Thirteenth her from Ward

picnic, the table spread and a long we Social the with those they from Hall and GIVE GIVE it till its there of loaded danger and was for out to "Calder's Park"all went substantiate afternoon. HOW! MORE! breaking down, with the the

and delicacies of the season. After din- "Dr. Park and Professor Toronto

ner we had a gay frolic all afternoon, went along to make it a little sociable.

first time. thing a splendid had The

the lunch to spread our on was This Special War Message refreshmentsleaving the tableas oftenstandingas we feltandfatiguedtaking Wewe did

Is Gladly Contributed with our rather boisterous sports. Oh, grass and refresh ourselves, after which

strolled around, croquet, played etc., until by weof games."had a livelyThereromp,wasplayinga pet birdall kindsand wecaptus, to cool enough it grew

that, in this school tame mouse r a the lake. lunch again on had no go We hilarity, doubt, the ran for cover amid dieting ), in those days ( no Doctor and

but when the children were quietly the other gentlemen lunching with us.

studying, their little friends became They were all so jolly and seemed to sociable. quite teacher: the Said "The it enjoy so out much. went we When

bird there three been has weeks and it the lake, pleasant so on found we all to seems determined winter. remain that didn't to ashore; come want we

it. quite children are of fond The The until out stayed so every team had we

mouse picks up the crumbs from the gone back to town, and our crowd was is pails dinner afraid of and no one it, left there didn't alone. mind much We teacher, the not doesn't even even who for though, nice such company we had

the it appears."jump bench up on when fine time. Finalsuch having were a and

A later entry reads: "December 5th, ly we found a team that could be hired,

1879. My last day at Mill Creek. The and we all got into the wagon, sitting on

house is not plastered, and is one very straw in the bottom, and we had a jolly large room which cannot be heated ride home, arriving at eleven, very tired, easily, so the school is closed for a seabut not sorry that we had gone."

son. It seems incredible that I have been By far the most pretentious celebrahere three months, but such is the fact, tion which the resourceful teacher manand my term closes today with a party aged herself came off when, at the end

164 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

A Mormon Wife of her first year of teaching in Farmington, she chartered for her pupils, a special car from Salt Lake and took them to the city for the day to see the sights. Some of them had never been

there before. Needless to say, it was a

great occasion. There were over a hundred who went, and at the end of the

excursion the young teacher recorded that she had enjoyed it as much as the pupils and was thankful to say that they all got back without a single accident.

Basketmaker III Basketry {Concluded from page 115) arid climate. As a blotter absorbs ink,

so the hot sand dried the bodies before decay set in. This same dryness preserved the baskets, woven fabrics, and

corn so often found in Basketmaker graves. So far as we know, neither the

Peruvians nor the Southwest Indians used artificial means of mummifying.

remained Nevertheless, bodies have the fertilizing Planting and ABOVE: to get seed your potato want lOU

for excellently as preserved rate at the potatoes 12 acres of per long as in the the ground on schedule. At

a with day Deere "Twin12"John years. three thousand

it sure time to be you same want Planter behind Deere is TwoRow John planted accurately, at uniform depth Model"H"Tractor.

Can Man Govern andThe answeruniformlyis a spacedmoderninJohnthe Deererow. BELOW: Planting and fertilizing

rate at the of 7 acres per day with John planter with the 12arm, Planter—theHis Thoughts? Deere Potato Planter beOne-Row stapletype wheel. picker

team. hind (Continued from page 125) Similar counsel was given by Jesus With exceptionally high efficiency, when "... he called the multitude, the John Deere 12arm picker wheel

and said unto them, hear, and unassures you (1) positive pickup of derstand: Not that which goeth into seed; (2) greater accuracy of drop;

the mouth defileth a man; but that which (3) gentler handling of all sizes of

cometh out of the mouth, this defileth seed, and (4) faster planting speeds.

a man. (Matthew 15:1011.)

If your old planter or other potato

SelfControl equipment is beyond repair, see your

HThe prophet Brigham Young freJohn Deere dealer. He will do everyquently proclaimed the virtue of thing he can to fill

selfcontrol. He counseled the Saints to your needs.

dominate their evil thoughts by refusing to give them utterance:

...Let not thy tongue give utterance to the

is thine heart,evil in that but command thy JOHN DEERE (?aa&Z& <y#&t?&**te*$Z ased\evtebe shall prevail silent to until good betongue

over the evil, until thy wrath has passed away and the good Spirit shall move thy tongue to blessings and words of kindness.

... This is practical with me. When my

feelings are aroused to anger by the illdoings of others, I hold them as I would hold a wild horse, and I gain the victory...

If you first gain power to check your words, you will then begin to have power to check your judgment, and at length actually gain power to check your thoughts and reflections. (Discourses of Brigham Young, pp.

409, 412.) TEA GARDEN

in ending in speech Rash indiscretion in ORANGE MARMALADE deathblasphemy by was punished ancient Israel. Blasphemy consisted in will solve a lot of them!

the unlawful, unauthorized or inappropriate use of the name of Deity. CerTea Garden BitterSweet, clear

tain of the names of the Almighty could and golden, made of sweet, ripe only be lawfully spoken by the high oranges.

priest and then only once a year when Tea Garden EnglishStyle, deep he stood before the Lord in the Holy amber color; sharper, tangy taste

of Holies. The limitation on free speech of imported Seville orange peel.

contained in the commandment was * Mix English style with peanut taken seriously in Israel: butter; itspiquant taste adds zest!

(Continued on page 166) MARCH, 1945 165 Can Man Govern THE BIBLE IS A LIFETIME GIFT His Thoughts?

(Continued [rom page 165) Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord

guiltless that taketh his name in vain. if himthy(Ex.God in vain; for the Lord will not hold 20:7.)

This commandment is in full force and effect today. If God commanded ancient

Israel to take the life of a man who took <*2!rfy his name in vain, think ye that the modern profane babblers who desecrate his

holy guiltless name, will remain when we they stand before his bar to give account for every idle word that has flowed from "DE SURE, for instance, that it is the Beloved King James the abundance of their evil hearts? Is it

(authorized) Version which has been the world favorite any less iniquitous to speak blasphemies for more than two centuries. Be sure, too, that the type is clear today than it was anciently? Has the

and readable... that the binding is built to last. National has unchangeable God who cannot look

published fine editions of the King James Version exclusively upon sin with the least degree of allowfor more than 80 years. ance changed?

The Holy Ghost whose sanctifying guidance is a condition precedent to salvation is not present when men blaspheme, take the name of God in vain, and speak evil of the Lord's anointed. It is the power and influence

of the Prince of Darkness which causes men to engage in profanity, gossip, talebearing, backbiting, excessive exaggeration, and vain, idle, boasting, and the nationally bible press worldlyT believeconversation.it to be selfevident that all

will who can exercise that to do so

Publishers of quality Bibles since 1863 At your Bible Bookstore degree selfcontrol of which will enable them to govern the words that they speak. A realization of the doctrinal

and scriptural necessity for discreet speech is one of the burdens of the problem. Once men actually believe

and accept fact the that will they be Traction Sprayers judged held by and accountable for theIPS fall that lips, their words from they will exercise that discretion and restraint LOW eosT which will enable them to bridle both the tongue and the whole body. There PRDTECTIDN are few tests for determining faithfulness righteousness and surpass which FDR the test of a bridled tongue. "Thy SUGAR BEETS bewrayeth thee."(Matthew 26:73speechand

Farquhar Iron Age Traction Sprayers are James 3:2-13.)

being extensively, used not only in impordistricts, terriThoughts, Words, and Acts tant sugar beet but in other tories for potatoes, tomatoes, cantabeans, desires intents 'T'he of men's and etc. effective, loupes, Unusually well as as Iron Age Traction Sprayer. A

economical, all they essential qualithe give typlified of capable machine hearts determine the both words to provide even ties in as, desired sprayer modern such a handling protecsugar beet distribution of will they to the choose speak acts thoroughness, and speed, handling easy and tion as as efficiently many solutions spray troublefree operation. Iron Traction Age complicated priced higher and will they select will to do. be without Men excessive Sprayers are especially designed sprayers. residue. according judged to to in the to the deeds the very of spray done ends duty visibleHeavy mechto give rows covcomplete... mortality; all and, in sense, that broad a anism, strong steel frame ready adand of plant the undererage from justment assures life long with. minimum. think,. they believe, say, neath well from as as be and do above may maintenance. capacity 100 Tank gallons said their constitute to Salvaworks. pressures pump range lbs. 100 from to 300

MOUNTAIN STATES IMPLEMENT CO. tion is the reward for righteous works. wmmmiiom Ogden, Utah When the judgment is set and the books

Plant and Spray The IRON AGE Way! eternalare openedbar andto bemenweighedstand beforein the thatbalances, every during deed done the

will probation of mortality A. or enhance B. FARQUHAR COMPANY Duke Street diminish the salvation degree of that York, Pennsylvania

will be awarded. He whose judgments

are just will hold the scales at that day, and men will be left without excuse if

THE "ERA"INDEX IS READY TO MAIL. they have failed, but will be exalted to

SEND ONLY A THREECENT STAMP FOR MAILING goodeternalfightgloryandifkepttheythehavefaith.fought the

WITH NAME AND ADDRESS. If men attain the celestial kingdom,

it will be because they work out their 66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

CAN MAN GOVERN HIS THOUGHTS?

own salvation with fear and trembling to hour the kind of life they will live in before God by keeping all his commandmortality, and then they will have that ments and enduring in perfect faith and which they have chosen restored unto righteousness unto the end. This salvathem again in immortality.

tion is by the grace of God after all that we can do, and if it is received it will be '"Phe celestial world is where God and because it is merited. A just God will Christ dwell, and those who enter

there to live the his prepared be must give us as to not annul kind somelaws so is So Fresh that of life enjoys. life gift for thing nothing. free imEternal of God The

life, it is for gain mortality God's and to through the atonement must beman said, as reGod, come like the eternal all men, but he So Smooth life which John "when shall appear, sults like him."for the is reserved be obedience from we shall (I So Good/ 3:2.) thoughts kind of does are the Godfearing the John and meek What who

righteous. God think? What are his beliefs? His

Alma taught his son, Corianton, that words? His acts? To be saved man must

when men are raised in immortality as learn the nature of each and pattern his resurrected beings they will have relife accordingly. This was the instrucstored unto them those identical chartion and commandment that the resuracteristics and attributes which they rected Lord gave to the Nephites when

developed for themselves during this he said:

probation. Therefore, before the Saints Now this is the commandment: Repent, ri can enjoy the attributes and characterall ye ends of the earth, and come unto me DURKEE'5

istics the celestial they found in world and in be baptized name, that ye my may crNOtNf sanctified the be the reception to of the by developmust them Holy by obedience governing laws. Ghost, that ye may stand spotless before Mygnnaisi

The change from mortality to imme at the last day. (Ill Nephi 27:20.) DELICIOUS ON

incortomortality corruption from and said more as to things the can be What AND ORANGE will desires of theruption not change that should to men be than saved do AVOCADO spirit that "forthe heart, which same that should they Christ, unto come and SALAD time at possessdoth the bodies your in walking the that trod, path he do that ye go out of this life, that same those things which he did? ONE OF DURKEES FAMOUS FOODS

spirit will to possess your have power is Salvation for those to endure who 'Pcuhoua rc$6e&ZZuaUty fin in eternal that world."(Almabody end. the to mechanics of enduring The

. SINCE 1 857 to Immortality as compared34:34.) the consist end of so governing our

mortality is a state of physical perfecspirits that we think only righteous tion, but the filthy mortal, though resurthoughts, develop only true beliefs, rected, will remain filthy still. ( Compare speak only discreet and wise words, and

IINephi9:16.) finally then acts only perform those BALANCED...

that then the souls It is apparent who in are which the with harmony and it's mind the answer ability to thinkdevelop that's and the power the will of Lord. things These are pracrighteous thoughts in this life will have tical. The delineation of the items unrestored to them in the resurrection der each of them constitutes concrete

those same capabilities, and they will steps that the seeker for salvation may then recall their wise thoughts of this take. The sincere pilgrim will view them Balanced double action..

life and will be enabled to enlarge upon in clear perspective, and will recognize them. The beliefs of men will also be many more. The way of salvation is for positive action in the

restored, as also the proclivities which not hidden from the righteous. Darkfather the words they speak and the ness covers only the eyes of the wicked. mixing bowl... for gratifyacts that they do; they will have reTo the spiritual eye, the path is so ilstored unto them exactly what that they lumined see as between one may

neither diminishearned, adding orhave daylight it ing results in the night direction and dark ing one jot or tittle. It is written (Alma leads, and seeing, tread its course during

41:7) that men are their own judges, his entire mortal probation, thus rethe oven.

and surely it is so, for they judge (or ceiving joy in this life and eternal life choose ) from day to day and from hour in the world to come.

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS (Concluded /rom page 141) The consumption of caffeine is steadicaffeine-containing beverages may conly increasing. Good Health reports

tribute to the parthenogenesis of 'peptic'(January 1945), that, aside from the ulcer in the ulcersusceptible person, caffeine consumed in the household as and will render the therapeutic managetea and coffee:

difficult."condition of thement more

in of caffeine consumption the The United All of means, in nontechnical which is 1,200,00 about year. pounds a Of the thatlanguage, excessive use of cafStatesthis, is seventy percent in the employed

feine beverages may cause ulcers in manufacture of beverages. That cocoa conulcer-susceptible people, and may make tains a considerable amount of this drug is

it difficult to heal those who may be not generally known, yet sixty percent of the afflicted with "peptic"ulcers. nation's supply is derived from cocoa press

The result of the investigation furcake. Tea sweepings furnish twenty pernishes another evidence against the use cent, with the remainder coming from deof caffeine in any form. It also adds caffeinized coffee.

evidence as to the correctness of the Why not leave caffeine beverages "Word of Wisdom,"which advises alone, and save money, and build up against such "hot drinks."health?—/. A W.

MARCH, 1945 ani SpmrTta Oms

Gulfport, Mississippi Dear Editors:

"Era"Index for 1944 Available received the November and December issues of The Improve-

I ment Era a few days ago. Up until then I was plenty disSubscribers who wish to bind or otherwise preserve

gusted with life around here. the 1944 volume of The Improvement Era may secure

As I lie in my bunk at night, I notice the other fellows read- a copy of the annual index by writing The Improvement ing cheap dime novels and filthy literature, and I thank God Era, 50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah, enthat I have the opportunity of reading The Improvement Era. closing name and address and threecent stamp for reThere is no L.D.S. Church here on the base, but the inspiring turn postage.

messages of President Grant and the Twelve Apostles give me the strength to carry on despite the evil temptations that confront that Latterday Saint day. each every I pray me man and The Alternative receiving the service in opportunity of the can have woman

this magazine. Judge Duff: "Have you a lawyer, Sambo?"

Yours truly, Sambo: "Naw, suh, Jedge. I done decided to tell de troof."

David H. Meyers

-*- Pointed Warning A city chap was crossing a pasture. "Say, there,"he shouted

At Sea to the farmer, "is this bull safe?"

Dear Editors: "Well,"answered the farmer, "I reckon he's a lot safer than

This is to notify you of a change of address, for I should like you are just now."

to receive as regularly very much the Era as possible this Silence Is Golden I year. attacktransport commissioned coming on a newly am

fight into the will soon. probably be which I want my silent?"ever see a "Did Mike: you company of women

its influto with and along Church have go Church my gettingme—to "Sure."Ike:

fine chaplain Protestant always. have around ence a me We Mike: "When?"

working. with I enjoy board on whom the oldest asked the chairman up."to speak Ike: "When

Respectfully yours, William E. Read, Jr. A Mouthful

4- Groom: "How did you make this cake, dear?"

it I clipped Bride: "Here's the recipe. a magazine."from Taber, Alberta, Canada right side? sure read the "Are you Groom: you The other Dear Editors: side garden."a rock tells how to make

thought you would be interested in this following incident

I in a letter from my son received a few months ago: Subtle Difference

the Air TransOfficer Flying B. with Force Royal Wood W. is difference,"the teacher, the cauasked "between "What trip returning to Cairo, port Egypt, from a was Command tion cowardice?"and

letter is this return his in his he to base. wrote a what On carefully things a for so observed youthful Johnny, who I (his in the the to mother): way, saw "By Era me person, answered:

I time. last places, strangest the back coming of when was Weone is is afraid, the you're and cowardice "Caution when when

I I sitting writing a at Benghazi and stopped was when saw fellow's afraid."other

It desk. the familiar sure reception looked and magazine on

it the Era. enough was

it then left in Oran whenI tookwe landedit on thethereplaneaboutand sevenread it,hoursand Good Figuring later. It's funny how you can recognize a familiar magazine Old Rastus settled himself in his chair and addressed his

right away; I have seen them so many times."wife:

I am sincerely, "Yes, sah, gal, dat boss done cut wages half in two again.

I ain't it. But

is better'n Mrs. Harold Wood Somegoin'toobkickde boysnone.is Waykickin'I figgermightyit—halfpow'fulof'boutsumpin'

$ all of nuffin'."

Dear Friends: In Rhyme

the receive to with very Improvement happy Era The was theologian Fiddle young named A

I I in thoughtappreciate conference messages your and his to accept degree, Refused heart. of fulness the a from never I have bottom enjoyed it,my "It's to Fiddle, Saying enough bad be

in the the as these conferences. at given as sermon much Era Fiddle, being D. "Without D."

is to inspiration the sure I'm one me, Lord and an knows Each how much I am in need of spiritual food. Circumstances Alter Cases

I entering blessed greatly since with the service been have asked, long, is that he girl way,"skinny "By the "Who spiritual. close at meetings hand have been which very Church over there"the faith leaders of along the counsel with Church and standing The

his friend. whispered "Hush,"to long "She used be and Saints gives the of loved fellows prayers and ones us back home

she's skinny, inherited just tall but $100,000. stately She's and all the in to face of carry strength surety danger the a with on now."protection. Lord's of the

Thanking you again for the Era and praying the Lord's blessInsurance ings to be with you, I remain, his Louis astrologer, will asked France XI of you "When

Your brother in the gospel, die?"before days of Majesty.""Three your care Louis took

Leonard R. Jones him after that!

168 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

JACK: Hi, sis! Glad you came out. I was

just telling these birds it's about JAC K: Heck no, Honey! I mean here's

time they learned about Safeway's green forage up and ready, so we'll system of straightline distribution. turn the hens directly into it.

JILL: Jack! You aren't going to sell our JILL: I get it. No middle men. Direct

beautiful layers! from producer to consumer.

JACK: Sure! Safeway's been doing it that JACK: Instead of taking the farm product

way for years. It lets 'em pay us direct to consumer, I take the confarmers top prices and still sell for sumer to where the product grows.

less. Now watch closely

FROM EGGS TO "GRASS"- SAFEWAY'S SYSTEM

HELPS BOTH GROWER AND CONSUMER

In California's fertile Sacramento Delta, asparagus is known as "grass."And

John Klein, one of the growers, has this to say about Safeway's straightline distribution. "In 1939

Safeway began buying direct from us growers and started a market expansion program. I have checked market returns and

have noted that the fresh asparagus market has been steadily increasing due to better distribution through such chain stores as

Safeway."a brain!JACK: What I should hire out to 0AXG & 'PPTTirfl'VJj WAX THEGROCERYNEIGHBORHOODSTORES Safeway as an eggspert.

JILL: And I should egg spurt your wonNOTE: Better than a third of our customers are farm

derful brain. Take off your hat! folks.SafewayFindgrocer'sout why.—andTradesee howone fullmuchmonthyou save!at your