MMM

i JWWWPWPw'TtwwwqwTr.M '. IwjJ i n u.

OCTOBER, 1929 No. 12

Temple Ceremonies JAMES H. ANDERSON

Raised From the Dead LE ROI C. SNOW

$>< Pride and Beatings thomas r. henry

The Sulfur Cycle j. e. greaves

Tripping the Light Fantastic wilford d. porter

m A Monster Worth While Story—Fromdr. j. h. paulWithin

will dobson

0ttiEia''--'Mlr8''-i-':'iijJH!:f:3$l &jyt;; giv.v.v:: F::

- Iii"-"- Villffii ii SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES OFFER SPECIAL WINTER EXCURSION FARES FROM SALT LAKE CITY OR OGDEN TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN BOTH WAYS VIA

SAN FRANCISCO $50.50

TO LOS ANGELES VIA SAN FRANCISCO RETURNING

DIRECT OR ROUTE REVERSED $58.00

Proportionately low fares from all other points in UTAH, IDAHO and MONTANA

STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS

TICKETS ON SALE DAILY COMMENCINIG OCTOBER 1ST

FINAL RETURN LIMIT 8 MONTHS FROM DATE OF SALE

For further information CALL, WRITE or PHONE

PRESS BANCROFT, GENERAL AGENT 41 SO. MAIN ST. SALT LAKE CITY

PHONE "WASATCH 3008—3078

"When a young man (or yonnj; woman)

DOBS succeed, it is usually because lie (or she) has investigated the opportunities offered in the various careers, and PREPARED for the one for which he is best fitted. l Placed In the right job, it Is wholly possible for a young man to be earning 9150 to S300 a month and MORE within three years after graduation from high school.

College provides a type of training which5 brings quick and certain RESULTS. May

we tell you more about it f We have prepared a booklet called "BuildAddress.. ing for Success"for limited distribution

among young people who are interested

It, Name in the facts. If you would like to read

write your name and address in the space at left and return this ad today. May we

send It?

L. D. S. BUSINESS

COLLEGE80 NO. MAIN

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Directors Bishops—Recreation

The furnishing of dance music is but one of the many uses which the versatile AMPLIOLA may be called upon to serve. It is no less effective in more

cultural fields. Through it a liberal

education in the great composers may be had. An evening with Wagner, Beethoven, the modern Deems Taylor or

even Irving Berlin are among its numerous possibilities. Through its

use members of the most remote Wards may become thoroughly familiar with the great operas.

Many lectures of group interest are now available over the air. Broadcast

programs are published beforehand and by making a study of the programs no end of instruction and entertainment may be selected by an aggressive and ingenious recreational leader. The large

broadcasting chains are now reducing their key programs to records and records are distributed to the other stations of the chain. With the perfection of recording apparatus it seems

to the writer much good could be accomplished by the recording of major general conference addresses. In this

way not only the words but the sincerity of eloquence and the speaker deThe instrument is an AMPLIOLA be could in preserved reproduced andveloped the Radio by Amplion Company the for in those not Wards attendancefor centers, the use hotel of community at In the conference. all fact thoselobbies, of or theatres small groupsfrom one hundred to a thousand people Wards within daylight receiving diswherever gathered together for intance of Salt Lake City may hold overstruction or entertainment. It is most flow meetings of the conference in theiradmirably adapted to Ward use. Recreown chapels through the use of theation Committees are finding in it the AMPLIOLA.

solution to many of their recreational problems. By means of this splendid instrument

a generous sprinkling of the world's

While the AMPLIOLA is not intended finest expression in music and words by its makers to be a substitute for an may be so intermixed with that of local orchestra, it may be so used when octalent that not only will the seasoning casion requires. It plays standard improve the flavor of the whole but the

records with a richness of tone and familiarity with high standards will definition most unusual in mechanical improve the tastes and offerings of the instruments, and with a volume more Ward performers, thus serving the than adequate for dancing in the largpurposes of true recreation.

est Wards. It may be used in connection with any radio set to reproduce HOW IT WORKSbroadcast music with dance volume.

The equipped with Ward an AMPLIOLA dances,can give afternoon impromptu In the AMPLIOLA the minute indentdances, after Mutual dances and enterations of the record cause an armature tainments on short notice for special to vibrate in a magnetic field thus electric inducing current. curan Thispurposes circumstances do where not is passed through ampli- a power ofwarrant or permit the use do not an rent multiplied fier and several hundredorchestra. times. After this amplification the current passes through a dynamic motor is particularly valuThe AMPLIOLA in which turn actuates a diaphragm, forable those entertainments where is the sound which from distributed is at charge the doorno made and through exactly horn a in as is done is available for revenue nowhere an Movies. the Talkie It isorchestra. impossible frequently

to obtain the services of a ward orchestra for afternoon entertainments Through its use any sound may be due to its members being variously reproduced with a clearness, volume employed. For these affairs the AMPLI and tone quality most amazingly satisOLA is ever ready to serve. factory.

WRITE FOR INFORMATION

Amplion Radio Company 251 East Second South St. Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

EVERY ERA READER SHOULD OWN A BABY GRAND A LIMITED NUMBER OF THESE BEAUTIFUL 1930 MODELS IN BROWN FOR ONLY

(FULLY GUARANTEED

—TERMSCASH, $25.00

$15.00 Monthlj

Modernize Your Home with the Baby Grand

SPECIAL—Cut out this ad and send in with your order for a Baby

Grand and we will prepay the freight and furnish a beautiful bench free.

JOSEPH J DAYNES PRESIDENT

"OLDER THAN THE STATE OF UTAH"

H'HEN WRITING TQ ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA <tist=K IMPROVEMENT ERA OCTOBER, 1929 Pres. Heber J. Grant Hugh J. Cannon

Editor Associate Editor Melvin J. Ballard, Business Manager

Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, the Young Men's

Mutual Improvement Associations and the Schools of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints

A Fall Scene Ftontisptec To a Row of Poplars. A Poem Ramona W. Cannon 96

Temple Ceremonies James H. Anderson 969

Raised from the Dead Le fioi C. Snow 972

Contemptible Tobacco Testimonials Will C. Brown 980

- Thomas R. Henry 981 Pride and Beatings Nearly Ruin Boy

A Missionary's Prayer. A Poem Weston N. Nordgren 984

Tripping the Light Fantastic - Wilford D. Porter 985

A Monster Worth While J. H. Paul 987.... The Sulfur Cycle - J. E. Greaves 990.... What Great Men Have Said About the Bible 996

Out of Work Daniel Connelly 997 ------ Tree - Prof. Frank R. Arnold 999 A Unique Utah...

Highway - Rpbert Sparks Walker 1002 The Atlantic's Landless

The Possible You Prof. J. C. Hogensen 1006

Abraham Lincoln's Letter to Mrs. Bixby 1007

- Libbie M. Travers 1008 Mary Bassett's Bomb

- 1010 Another Story of Achievement

From Within. A Story Will Dobson 1011

- Carter E. Grant 1018 Jim Bridger Encounters Red Men

Dawes Upholds Prohibition 1024 - Henry F. Kirkham 1025 The Headless Cavalier

THE SPRING GARDEN Thomas G. Harrison 1027 ----- AIM HIGH Joseph S. Peery 1028 ------- OF THE IMPROVEMENT ERA - General Superintendency 1032 TO THE FRIENDS

Messages from the Missions. Illustrated - 1029

Editor's Table—Ring Out the Old Ring in the New 1033

Horace J. Knowlton 1034

What the Era Does 1034 It Can Be Done 1035 Priesthood Quorums 1036 ------ Mutual Work 1044

Entered at the Pott Office, Salt Lakt City, Utah, at secondclatt matter. Acceptance)

for mailing at tpecial rate of pottage provided for in tection 110), Act of October, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918.

Manuscripts submitted without the ttatement, "At usual ratet,"art contidered free contributions. Photographt, unless their return it especially requetted, will bt dettroyed.

Publithed monthly at Salt Lake City; $2 per annum. Addrett: Room 406 Church

Office Building.

EDITOR'S ANNOUNCEMENTS

The leading article in this number, ents. They illustrate the importance

"Temple Ceremonies,"from the pen of studying child nature and letting of James H. Anderson, is a brief but research and thought rather than imlucid explanation of some phases of patient impulse decide the course of

this important subject. The secrecy training.

with which our temples are surroundPresident John A. Widtsoe favors

ed has given offense to many people us with an interesting account of the who, if they stopped to consider the organization of the newest mission, matter for a moment, would realize the CzechoSlovak, with headquarters that it is something which in no way in Prague. The elders laboring there

concerns them. This short article exare under the necessity of learning a

plains and justifies the Church posinew and difficult language, but word tion in the matter. comes that they are addressing themselves to this task with commendable

LeRoi C. Snotv concludes his refaith and zeal.

markable story of the restoration to In this connection we have the life of Ella Jensen, now Mrs. Henry promise of at least one article from Dr.

Wight, the first part of which apWidtsoe on the European situation as peared in the September Era. It the he views it. Europe's precarious confirst installment has not already been dition, her frantic efforts to make

seen, our readers will do well to peruse secure an elusive peace, offers a splenit. This story, verified as it is by so did field for study, and Era readers

many witnesses, is so outstanding as will be fortunate in having articles to deserve a permanent place in the from the pen of so able an observer as records of the Church. Men do not Dr. Widtsoe. We look forward to

doubt that Peter, the ancient apostle, them with keen anticipation.

could restore life to those who were The first number of the Improvedead. Why should not Lorenzo Snow, ment Era combined with the Young

a modern apostle, do the same thing? Woman's Journal will appear next

The western history stories written month and will be full of interesting the firstby Carter E. Grant are continued in material. Those who miss

number will suffer a distinct loss. Somethis issue under the title, "Jim Bridger

Encounters the Redman."These artiof these articles have been rather widely

cles by Brother Grant, who has majoradvertised, "From the Green Mouned in Western history at the Universitains to the Rockies,""The New ty of Utah and who is continuing his Washington,""An American Prince"and others. These, however, are butstudies along this line with the intenfeelings of a sweettion of taking out his master's degree, a few of them. The

to Utah withhave aroused widespread interest. lady pioneer, who came

recently flew inThey will continue throughout the an ox team and who coming volume of the new Era. an airplane over a part of the old trail

and the surrounding country, will be

Pride and Beatings Nearly Ruin described. The touching story of ReBoy is a continuation of the articles becca Winters, who died and was

taken from the Washington Star and buried on the plains, will be told by written by Thomas R. Henry. This her granddaughter, Augusta Winters

series will prove profitable reading for Grant. Indeed, the entire magazine

all who have boys of their own or who from beginning to end will be full of are interested in the sons of other parinterest.

i

i

in AutumnTo a Row of Poplars

Slim poplar trees, changing from green to bright gold,

Cascading your glory from high in the air,

Where noonday's ripe sun floods the branches that hold,

Let scatter the yellow light everywhere.

Below you are saffron and ambertipped green

More modest, more chastened, that gorgeous gold hue

Which, with many a deepening tone wrought between,

Is crested above against Heaven's bright blue.

You tremulous leaves that so softly are stirred

By sunperfumed breezes as warm as the day,

In faint little shadows your gay forms are blurred,

As gently with fairylike rhythm you sway. j

You leaves that ere long shall be fallen and dead, I

Your beauty enthralls me, I drink of it deep;

What matter it then that the summer has fled,

When majesty crowns you ere falling asleep?

Oh, death, thou art beautiful manifest so,

No sorrow, nor bitterness, grief nor despair

Is writ on the brows of this lengthening row

Of poplar trees clad in their fair autumn wear.

Royalrobed are you, leaves, as you wait for the end,

Though silent, you raise hallelujahs to God, I

In accordance with whose divine will you now bend

Your own wills and obediently mix with the sod.

Ah, fain would I die with a swansong like yours,

At life's close; I would stand as ye stand, unashamed,

Unafraid before God while the life stream endures.

And bathed in his light till my spirit be claimed.

Salt Lake City RAMONA W. CANNON

Improvement Era

Vol. XXXII OCTOBER, 1929 No. 12

Temple Ceremonies By James H. Anderson

THERE are certain temple ceremonies always connected with temples of God. In Solomon's temple there were certain precincts which only the high priest was permitted to enter, for

participation in the rites pertaining thereto. In the temple referred

ilTo those rites and ceremonies consisted of oral instruction and 1 hey toldlustrating symbols indicating the progress of mankind.

of the beginnings of men's occupancy of the earth, of the instructions 1 hey from God, and the conditions and rewards pertaining thereto. power to draw mankind away told also of the efforts of the evil

They explained how observance of from the precepts of Deity.

those precepts brought peace and joy and happiness throughout the agesand how disregard thereof brought the opposite result.

that through the activity of evil powers, perThey indicated how would come to those who secution and mortal suffering necessarily selfishness, sought to live righteous lives; but that when human

greed and unlawful desires were overcome by the principle of sacrificing these human appetites by overcoming them there would human attributes, and these attributes come victory over those baser wTuld be replaced by Godlike attributes of a higher and nobler wisdom God life They also pointed out that as in his superior knoweth best, the noblest results are achieved by obedience to his and persecutions laws, despite the temptations, devices, difficulties inspired from an evil source, of which men sometimes are ignorantly the agents These rites and ceremonies, consisting of oral and symbolic instruction, constitute the temple ceremonies.

In Solomon's temple this ritual contained historical record only

As a history in symbol and up to the time of its administration.

recital it could contain no more. Beyond this, there are the sacred

promises for the future, as given in prophetic symbol and Pphetic promise. The chief of these pertained to the anticipated resurrection judgment which awarded to manfrom the dead, and the eternal

kind the result of their actions, based upon their conformity to great measure m God's law, as they had opportunity which comes The actual symfrom their diligence in adopting that conformity.

Oct.. iw970 IMPROVEMENT ERA

bols are very few. The personification and illustration of historic

events and prophetic promise are more numerous, as might be expected.

The historic part of the temple ceremonies at the time of the opening of the Christian era came down only to that time; they

could not do more. The prophetic part included the vital unfulfilled predictions of the succeeding period. Thus the ceremonies of

the temple at Jerusalem had only the promise of the resurrection;

and as the Levitical and temple officers among the Jews did not then, and never have done, accept the fact of the resurrection of

Christ, that fact never became to them a historical part of the ceremony, but remained a ceremonial promise. Hence, everything based

exclusively on the Jewish temple ceremonies must stop at this point, as ritual.

Eighteen centuries later came the dispensation of the fulness of times, when, according to Scripture, all things will be gathered in one in Christ. The temple ritual of this later period then must

include in the historic part of its ceremony, not only the resurrection, but the falling away from the Church where such was the case, and the renewed revelation of the Gospel for the new dispensation. The

historical part of the ceremonies may be made more compact, this being justified by circumstances, and more detail be given to the prophetic part, which is closer and of more immediate importance.

The older ceremonies, too, were under the Scriptural lesser law, in which only priestly officials took part, while the newer dispensation is under the higher or more perfect law, in which all who obey the Gospel take part. Thus, under the Mosaic law, which was

"a schoolmaster to bring the people to Christ,"only a selected portion of the male population in Israel were permitted to officiate;

under the fulness of Christ's law there is no such restriction; the

fulness or complete revelation of the Gospel takes in all the obedient, male and female, in their special capacity.

The ceremonies and symbols, constituting the ritual, are therefore sacred, but not necessarily secret except to those who have not obeyed the Gospel, and who have no legitimate business or concern therewith, either through morbid curiosity or illegitimate interference. For comparison, there are family matters that belong

to the family immediately concerned, and with which no other selfrespecting person will interfere.

Some of this ritual, too, belongs for engaging therein only to the sacred precincts of the Temple of God, while other parts may, as designated, be of more general use; such, for illustration, as the

laying on of hands for the healing of the sick, by anointing the head with oil and the blessing by the elders.

Thus the temple ceremonies, whether of the antediluvian or

Oct.. 1919 TEMPLE CEREMONIES 971

postdiluvian dispensations, arc purely religious, and are educational in being a full representation of the Gospel plan in the world, whether historic or prophetic, according to the measure of each. In

the latterday dispensation they are more complete in the participation thereof by the race of which it is God's promise that in them "shall all the nations of the earth be patriarchs, Abrablessed"—the

ham, Isaac and Jacob, and their faithful descendants; but not of the

unfaithful or unconverted. This purely sacred religious character

of the ceremonies of the Temple of God should be clear to all thoughtful and considerate people, without any suggestion of mystery. It is plain, simple, common sense, with no mysterious attachments. In latter days, the temple ceremonies embrace all formerday completed record to this time in the history dispensations—a

of mankind.

It is said that what is known as the Masonic order has rites based on ceremonies in Solomon's temple. That order is a fraternal

organization, not a religious one. If it happens to have one, two,

or three of the religious symbols of Solomon's temple ceremonies, then, so far as accurate, those must be a part of the true religious ritual. That fraternal order has the right to keep its ritual sacred

and secret, and it is not the business of others so long as it does not interfere with the rights of others. But if it has borrowed some

of its symbols from the rites of a religious temple ceremony, it has no right to complain of the use of that religious ceremony as determined by the religious order which is primarily a rightful occupant and participator. For analogy, man was given dominion over the

earth, but that did not deprive God of his dominion over the universe, including the earth, nor stop man from exercising his right of dominion. Upon this point there seems to be no ground for

disagreement in opinion or thought, but it is rather a field for unanimity in both thought and action.

A life without love in it is like a heap of ashes upon a deserted hearth with the fire dead, the laughter stilled, and the light extinguished. It is like

a winter the sun hidden, the flowers frozen, and the wind landscape—with

whispering through the withered leaves. God knows we need all the unselfish

love that can come to us. For love is seldom unselfish. There is usually the

motive and the price. Do you remember William Morris, and how his life

was lived, his fortune spent, his hands the service of others? He was busied—in

the father of the settlement -movement, of cooperative homes for working people, and of the arts and crafts revival, in our day. He was a "soldier of the

common good."After he was life began to grow in radiance and gone—his

power, like a beacon set high upon a dangerous shore. In the twilight of his

days he wrote what I like to think was his mine: "I'm going your creed—and

way, so let us. go hand in hand. You help me and I'll help you. We shall not

be here very long, for soon death, the kind old nurse, will come back and rock us all to sleep. Let us help one another while—Frankwe may."P. Tebbetts.

Raised from the Dead (Conclusion) I. A.By LeRoi C. Snow of the General Board of Y. M. M.

being visited at AFTER about four o'clock in the morning by her dead uncle, who informed her that messengers would come at ten o'clock to conduct her into the spirit world, Ella continued to grow weaker.

At about half past nine her brother Budd, now residing in Salt Lake City, was sent to get Dr. Nelson, a good sister

who spent most of her time waiting upon the sick.

Ella realized the end was very near and summoned her folks to kiss and bid them goodbye. She called each one by

name as they came to the bedside. But her brother Budd had

not returned, and she felt she could not go until she had seen him. She was gasping for

exerting all her ELLA JENSEN AND FIVE OF HER breath and

EIGHT CHILDREN strength to hold on until Budd should come back. Grandma

Jensen, who had been sent for, arrived and just as Ella had embraced and kissed her, Budd and Mrs. Nelson came in. Ella threw

her arms around her brother's neck, kissed him and fell back on the pillow-—dead.

After Ella's father, Uncle Jake, had gone to report to President Snow and consult him regarding arrangements for the funeral,

Sister Nelson washed and laid Ella out, dressed her in clean linen and Budd took the doctor back to her home.

In the previous article I have told of the administration by

President Snow and President Clawson, the remarkable command to "Come back and live,"and what happened in the home during the following hour.

Oct.. 1929 RAISED FROM THE DEAD 973

Regarding the more than three hours that Ella spent in the spirit world she says:

"I could see people from the other world and hear the most delightful music and singing that I ever heard. This singing lasted

for six hours, during which time I was preparing to leave this earth, and I could hear it all through the house. At ten o'clock my spirit

left my body. It took me some time to make up my mind to go,

as I could hear and see the folks crying and mourning over me.

It was very hard for me to leave them, but as soon as I had a glimpse of the other world I was anxious to go and all care and worry left me. "I entered a large hall. It was so long that I could not see

the end of it. It was filled with people. As I went through the

throng, the first person I recognized was my grandpa, H. P. Jensen,

who was sitting in one end of the room, writing. He looked up,

seemed surprised to see me and said: 'Why! There is my granddaughter, Ella.'He was very much pleased, greeted me and, as

he continued with his writing, I passed on through the room and met a great many of my relatives and friends. It was like going

along the crowded street of a large city where you meet many people, only a very few of whom you recognize.

"The next one I knew was Uncle Hans Jensen with his wife.

The Jacob Jensen Home. Brigham City, as it Appeared at the Time of

Ella Jensen's Restoration to Life

I9Z9974 IMPROVEMENT ERA oc.

Mary Ellen. They had two small children with them. On inquiring who they were, he told me one was his own and the other was

Uncle Will's little girl. Some seemed to be in family groups. As

there were only a few whom I could recognize and who knew me,

I kept moving on.

"Some inquired about their friends and relatives on the earth.

Among the number was my cousin. He asked me how the folks

were getting along and said it grieved him to hear that some of the boys were using tobacco, liquor and many things that were injurious to them. "This proved to me that the people in the other world know to a great extent what happens here on the earth.

"The people were all dressed in white or cream, excepting

Uncle Hans Jensen, who had on his dark clothes and long rubber boots, the things he wore when he was drowned in the Snake River in Idaho. "Everybody appeared to be perfectly happy. I was having a

very pleasant visit with each one that I knew. Finally I reached

the end of that long room. I opened a door and went into another

room filled with children. They were all arranged in perfect order,

the smallest ones first, then larger ones, according to age and size, the largest ones in the back rows all around the room. They seemed

to be convened in a sort of Primary or Sunday School presided over by Aunt Eliza R. Snow. There were hundreds of small

children.

Hears the Command to Return WAS whileIT I was standing listening to the children sing 'Gladly Meeting, Kindly Greeting'that I heard your father, President Lorenzo Snow, call me. He said: 'Sister Ella, you must come

back, as your mission is not yet finished here on earth.'So I jus't

spoke to Aunt Eliza R. Snow and told her I must go back.

"Returning through the large room, I told the people I was going back to earth, but they seemed to want me to stay with them.

I obeyed the call, though it was very much against my desire, as such perfect peace and happiness prevailed there, no suffering, no sorrow. I was so taken up with all I saw and heard, I did hate

to leave that beautiful place.

"This has always been a source of comfort to me. I learned

by this experience that we should not grieve too much for our departed loved ones and especially at the time they leave us. I think

we should be just as calm and quiet as possible. Because, as I was

leaving, the only regret I had was that the folks were grieving so

Oct.. 1929 RAISED FROM THE DEAD 975

much for me. But I soon forgot all about this world in my

delight with the other.

"For more than three hours my spirit was gone from my body.

As I returned I could see my body lying on the bed and the folks gathered about in the room. I hesitated for a moment, then thought,

Yes, I will go back for a little while.'I told the folks I wanted

to stay only a short time to comfort them."

The Pain of Coming Back oldest sister, Meda, now Mrs. Ernest E. Cheney of BrigELLA'S

ham City, says that Ella frequently told of the terrible suffering which she experienced when the spirit again entered the body. There

was practically no pain on leaving the body in death but the intense pain was almost unbearable in coming back to life. Not only this,

but for months, and even years afterward, she experienced new aches and pains and physical disorders that she had never known before.

"About the first thing she told us, after being brought back to life,"says Uncle Jake, the father, "was that she met Grandpa Jensen.

He was sitting by a desk writing in a book, making out some records.

He got up and welcomed Ella, calling her by name and then she said:

'I went down the large room, where I met a number of my relatives and friends.'

"I know there were some whom she had never seen in life.

She described to me just how they looked and told me their names.

Among these were aunts and second cousins long since dead. There

is no question that they were the ones whom we had laid away before she was born.

"Then she told us about going into a large room where many children were assembled. They were singing under the direction

of Sister Eliza R. Snow. She did not mention that any parents

were there. While listening to their beautiful music she heard the

voice calling her to come back, and telling her that her mission was not ended. "After she opened her eyes and told us these things she wanted to get up, but it was two or three days before we would let her try to move around.

Converses With Friends and Relatives next day Aunt Harriet Wight, who lost two daughters,THE Phoebe and Betsy, came into the room to visit Ella and asked all right now. Aunt Harriethow she felt. Ella said she was feeling

broke down and cried, and Ella then said: 'Why, Aunt Harriet, what

Oct., 1929976 IMPROVEMENT ERA

are you crying for. You need not cry for your girls who have

gone. I saw and talked with them, and they are very happy where

they are.'Aunt Harriet was very much affected.

"Many relatives and others visited Ella and she told them the same things that I have related to you, and told them much more, about meeting their relatives and friends over there, how happy they were and that they asked about their loved ones here. "My daughter is still living, is perfectly well and strong and has reared a large family."

Leah Rees, who stayed with Ella the night before this remarkable visit to the world of departed spirits, came the following evening. Let us listen

to her own words:

"When I came again to stay with Ella the next night she told me all about where she had been. She mentioned having seen

ella jensen's daughter and sonin-law father and several others of and Their Children my my people who had passed away, as well as her own Grandpa Jensen. Everyone appeared

busy and very happy."

Meets a Little Friend but a Few Hours Dead

H. SNOW, now living in Salt Lake City, theALPHONZO

writer's brother, relates his experience as follows:

"My wife, Minnie, and I heard of Ella Jensen's death and restoration to life and called at her home to see her. As we entered

the room she said: 'Oh! Come here, Alphonzo and Minnie, I have

something to tell you. After my return to earth I told my parents

of some of the remarkable experiences which I had while in the spirit world. But there was one experience that seemed very strange,

and I could not understand it.

''You know your little son, Alphie, has been in my Sunday

School class in the First ward. I have always loved him very much.

While I was in Aunt Eliza R. Snow's class of children in the spirit

Oct., 1929 RAISED FROM THE DEAD 977

world, I recognized many children. But all of them had died

excepting one, and this was little Alphie. I could not unstill be living.derstand how he should be among them and

little AlphieWhen I told this to mother, she said: 'Yes, Ella,

is dead, too. He died early this

morning while you were so very sick. We knew you loved him

and that it would be a shock to you, so we did not tell you about his death.'

"It was very consoling, indeed, to hear Ella tell of seeing our dear little boy and that he was very happy. She said it

was not right for us to grieve and mourn so much for him and that he would be happier if we would not do so."

Perhaps President Rudger Clawson, who assisted President Snow in the administration, received the most complete account from Ella. This is

what he says:

"Sister Ella Jensen, in reElla Jensen's Sunday School Class lating to me her very remarkable experience, said that during all the morning of our visit, and going back into the night, the veil between this world and the other seemed to be growing thinner and thinner. She heard singing all through

the house from the unseen world and seemed herself to be about to step into the spirit world. And this is what actually happened,

for her spirit left her body and went into the beyond.

Work to do on the Other Side A GUIDE was there to meet her and by him she was conducted -*- into a very large building where there were many people, all of whom appeared to be extremely busy, no evidence of idleness whatever. Hans Peter Jensen, her grandfather, was one of the first

persons she met. He seemed pleased to see and bid her welcome,

but let her understand that he was very busy and could not give her much of his time.

"After a brief chat with her grandfather she passed on through the building, glancing at the people as she walked along. Finally

her eye rested upon the familiar face of Hans Jensen, her uncle.

Oc..i9i9978 IMPROVEMENT ERA

When she saw him, what to her and others had been an enigma, was now clearly explained.

"Sometime before this advent into the spirit world her Uncle

Hans, who lived in Brigham City, counseled with me as president of the stake as to the propriety of moving into the Snake River country, Idaho, to engage in salmon fishing. His idea was that

if he was successful he could ship salmon from the north to Brigham

City at a good profit and thus benefit himself financially. He needed

the help that such a business would bring him.

"I said if it was his wish to engage in that business it was all right with the stake presidency and a matter entirely for him to decide for himself.

"Later he left for the north and at once turned his attention to salmon fishing. One morning he went from the home where

he was staying, clothed in a jumper and overalls, with gum boots, to fish; but he never returned. His oldest brother, Jacob Jensen,

came to me greatly alarmed, said that no word had been received from Hans for some time and nobody seemed to know where he was. He was greatly excited about it and feared that his brother

had been drowned in the Snake River.

"Jacob organized a posse of men and at once instituted a search covering a period of some two or three weeks, at the Snake

River, but their efforts were fruitless. No trace could be found of

Hans and he was never again heard from until his niece, Ella Jensen, met him in the spirit world. She said that he was dressed in a

jumper and overalls with gum boots. The mystery was solved.

"There seemed to be no doubt thereafter that Hans Jensen was drowned in the Snake River. It is said that when the dead

manifest themselves to the living they usually appear as they were last seen on earth so that the living will recognize them. If that be

true it accounts for the strange habit that her uncle was wearing."

Lorenzo Jensen, of Salt Lake City, now agent for the Beneficial Life Insurance Company, tells the following interesting incident:

"The night that Hans Jensen disappeared, his mother, Grandma Jensen, awakened her youngest son, Willard, by calling in her

Danish accent: 'Vill, Vill, you get right up and open the door

and let Hans come in the house.'Willard came to his mother's

bedside saying: 'Why, mother, Hans cannot be here, he is up in

Idaho fishing, you know.'

'Yes, but I know he is here, I heard him calling me. I have

not been asleep. I know he is outside and wants to come in.'

"Willard went to the door, opened it, walked entirely around the house, returned to his mother and said he was sure that Hans was oc.,1929 RAISED FROM THE DEAD 979

not there. The mother replied: 'Then Hans is dead, because I know

that he came to me and called me.'A few days later word came

telling of Hans'disappearance."

Commanded to Come Back continues: "Ella passed on downPRESIDENT CLAWSON

through the building and met many others, some of whom we shall speak of later. Finally she came into a very large room

that was completely filled with small children, all dressed in white, with Eliza R. Snow Smith presiding. She sat and listened to the

Sunday School songs which they sang, being songs which are now sung in Sunday Schools among us, and she was perfectly contented and happy. It was a heavenly place, she said. She felt that she

never wanted to leave it.

"While sitting there a very strange thing happened. She heard

a voice coming to her in commanding tones, apparently from a long distance, which said: 'Come back, Ella, come back! Your work

on earth is not yet completed.'

"She had no desire to come back and felt determined not to leave the beautiful place. But this voice was so authoritative in

manner that it seemed to draw, yes actually did draw, her spirit out of that room. She was compelled to follow it, and so she turned

her face earthward on the return'journey. She kept going and

going, apparently a long distance until, all at once, she found herself in the room at home, where her body was lying.

"Then she realized that her spirit must again enter the body which was lying there, to all intents and purposes, a lifeless one.

Her spirit entered and the next moment her eyes opened and her lips moved. Then it was her parents realized that she was no longer

dead. They spoke to her and she to them.

Proves That She Was Rational began to tell them of her wonderful experience in the otherSHE world, what she had done and seen. Her father whispered to

the mother: 'Do you hear what she is saying? Why, the girl is certainly delirious. She is out of her mind.'Ella looked up and

said: 'Father, you think then that I am out of my mind, do you?

I will very soon prove to you that I am perfectly rational.'

"She turned to her mother: 'While in this large building in

the spirit world, I met a woman who greeted me and said she was

Aunt Mary arid told me that she died while I was a baby.'The

mother asked: 'Can you describe her?'The answer was: 'Yes, she

was a tall woman with black hair and dark eyes and thin features.'

Oct., 19Z9980 IMPROVEMENT ERA

'Yes,'the mother answered, 'surely you have described your Aunt

Mary.'''I also met another woman there, who said she was my Aunt

Sarah and had died just before I was born.''Will you describe her?'

the mother asked. 'Yes, she was rather short and somewhat fleshy,

with round features, light hair and blue eyes.''Why, yes, Ella, that

is your Aunt Sarah. You have described her perfectly.'Ella turned

to her father saying: 'Do you now think that I am out of my mind?'

'No,'he answered, 'you have had a very wonderful experience.'

"It may well be thought that Ella Jensen's work on earth was not yet completed, as indicated by President Snow, for she afterwards became president of the Young Ladies'Mutual Improvement

Association in Brigham City. Afterwards she married and became

a mother in Israel, and surely a woman can do no greater work in the world than to become a mother of men."

Ella Jensen was born August 3, 1871. The experience related in this article occurred March 3, 1891, in her twentieth year.

She married Henry Wight, March 20, 1895. They are now living

in Juniper, Idaho. Of their eight children six are living and they

have six grandchildren.

Contemptible Tobacco Testimonials

By Will H. Brown

A leading tobacco company published an advertisement of a cigarette brand, in which was a testimonial showing how little the company cares for common honesty. It was signed by a man in a hospital, who had been

operated on for appendicitis. His doctor had strictly forbidden him to smoke,

and it was also against the rules of the hospital to smoke there.

In the testimonial this man boasted that he induced the nurse to close his door and open the window while he smoked, and followed the practice for two weeks.

Notice the contempt of the whole proceeding: He deliberately violated

the doctor's orders and confidence. He broke the rules of the hospital. He

induced the nurse to break those rules. To cap the climax of his brazenness,

he boasts of it all by signing his name to a testimonial to the kind of cigarette for the gratification of a slavish habit, and to get a little moneysmoked—all

from the tobacco company.

The tobacco firms are after ads., of course. The more prominent the

individual they can induce to sign a testimonial, the better it suits them. Kirk

L. Simpson, noted writer, in one of his syndicated Washington letters, says

letters of protest have been received by the War department against army men giving their pictures and testimonials for cigarette advertisements. Mr.

Simpson declares that the friends of one army officer signing such a testimonial say he never used that brand of cigarette, or any other.

Pride and Beatings Nearly Ruin Boy

Pupil of Gales Special School Saved From Insanity by Good Care

By Thomas R. Henry in the "Washington Star"

is the third of a series of articles telling of the remarkable experiment NOTE—This

in the redemption of boys who have proved unmanageable in ordinary schools, which is being carried on by the District of Columbia Public School System. Harold D. Fife, the teacher,

is a "Mormon"boy.

home is an extremely vital factor in the molding of childTHEpersonalities, Harold D. Fife, principal of the Gales Special

School, has found in his studies of the children problem in the D. C. school system.

The case of James carried him far into the depths of psychic life.

James is the oldest of ten children.

He lives on the outskirts of the District, about 6 miles from the Gale School.

His mother has a Ph. D. degree from one of the great Eastern

universities. She speaks fluently six languages. She is a woman

of charming personality and selflessly devoted to her children.

His father is a powerful, domineering, unwatchman—a

gracious personality. He is a product of the hard school of the

sea and the docks, the school of fist, club and knotted rope.

He believes a father should be the boss in his own home and has no use for any newfangled notions of rearing children. If

they don't behave, he holds, the only thing to do is to beat it out of them.

Father Beat Him James got in trouble with his teachers the father knewWHEN how to handle the case. He beat him within an inch of his

life. He repeated the treatment again and again. The child's back

was covered with livid scars. Instead of reforming, he got worse.

He became incorrigible, the teachers said. He was sent to the Gales

Special School.

Here among strange children he was a still stranger child. Fife

could find no point of contact. The boy took no interest in anything. He would sit in a corner by himself all day long, refusing

to join in the class work or games of the other boys. He insisted he

had done nothing to be sent there. When the teacher tried to

pat him on the back he ducked.

"I ain't done nothing to be hit for,"he said

Oct.. 19 29982 IMPROVEMENT ERA

It looked like an incipient case of dementia praecox. The child

had three mental breakdowns in the called them schoolroom—Fife

"mental breakdowns"for want of a better word.

He identified himself with Napoleon. He couldn't be convinced he wasn't Napoleon.

Once he galloped across the floor on a broomstick for a horse, flourishing a stick for a sword.

"Forward, my brave men!"he cried.

When the teacher and some of the other pupils grabbed him he fought desperately. He seemed to have an abnormal strength.

Never Be Sent to Elba I'LL never be taken alive,"he cried. "I'll never be sent to Elba."

Generally he was Napoleon at Elba or St. Helena, not

Napoleon the conqueror.

These hallucinations were shortlived. After the broomstick

incident he came to Fife's desk.

"I don't know what happened. My head was gone,"he said.

A child with such hallucinations naturally is sent to a psychiatrist. The phychiatrist was puzzled over James and didn't

make definite recommendations. Most of the time the boy seemed

normal although far too much given to daydreaming. He was a

worshiper of idols. He lived the lives of his idols, rather than his

own life.

The father's lashings had driven the poor child out of the real world into this dream world.

Yet Fife found, curiously enough, that he couldn't make a contact through the boy's idols. He resisted conditioning on the

Napoleon complex. It was impossible to graft upon this an interest

in school history, for example.

Now it was observed that James never ate lunch with the other boys at the school. During lunch time he always disappeared up

the street. He told the other boys he went to get a hot lunch—that

he didn't have to eat cold lunches like them.

Given No Lunch Money the facts came out. James was eating no lunches atFINALLY

all. He was given none to carry to school. He had no money

to buy any. He was not even given car fare. Every morning he

walked the 6 miles from his home to the school and every evening walked likely to another beating. back—very

When Fife charged the boy with not eating any lunches he denied it indignantly. He wasn't poor trash that couldn't afford

Oct.. 1929 PRIDE AND BEATINGS NEARLY RUIN BOY 983

a restaurant and wasto eat what they wanted, he said. He went to

waited on. He didn't have to put up with cold stuff like these Greek

and Dago boys. He came from a home of wealth and luxury.

The teacher didn't try to argue him out of this story. Instead,

it, in confidence. He askedhe told some of the other boys about

them to save some of their lunches each day and offer them to James, telling him that they had eaten all they wanted or arousing his curiosity about Greek or Italian food.

These boys, good lads at heart even if they were thieves, guntoters and knifethrowers, were moved by the story and carried out their part of the deception.

James merely flew into a rage when the food was offered him.

Did they think he would eat such miserable stuff? he asked. Hadn't

he just dined on hot roast chicken?

fare. They tried to provide him They tried to give him car

with an opportunity to earn money.

retreated further He only flew into ungovernable rages. He

and further from the personality of James into the personality of

Napoleon.

Great Personal Pride child in a complex inferiority case of an was a beautifulHERE a comwas strange behavior pride. His personal of enormous

pensation for the hurt pride which was killing him. There may

it was not found. He have been some other element involved, but

any had an abnormally acute sensitivity to pity or patronage—to

feet. One way to suggestion that he couldn't stand on his own

show his superiority was by being bad. Attempted sympathy he

interpreted as pity and acted accordingly.

After a few visits to the home Fife became convinced that nothing could be accomplished without a change of environment—yet,

strange to say, he found that the mother, when she was herself, was an almost ideal person to have charge of James. The change of

own environment must be a change of environment inside the child's cultured, gentle mother home with its strangely mated couple—the

and the crude, bullying father.

The trick was turned by Lieut. Mina Van Winkle of the

a time before Woman's Bureau. The father had to be locked up for

he was willing to admit that what children needed was not lashing that any attempt to interfere with and then more lashing—and

a father's licking his son was tyranny.

is in the second year Since that time James has picked up. He

in junior high a proud, sensitive. Spartan, daydream- school—still in the ing child. But he is doing well in his classes. He joins

o..i9Z9984 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sports of his fellows. The obvious symptoms of incipient dementia

praecox have disappeared.

The future, of course, is another story. But there is every

indication that this misunderstood boy who was starving himself because of his pride and going insane in the process has been saved from a life either of lunacy or crime.

There may be a great future for an individual who combines so active an imagination with so egoistic a drive and so indomitable a courage. From the ranks of such are recruited the

rulers of the world. The lad had chosen a good idol with which

to identify himself. Of just such stuff was the great Napoleon.

A Missionary's Prayer Father, as the night draws in And darkness blurs the eve, 1 come to thee on bended knees.

Thy counsel to receive.

Each day I labor for thee. Lord.

I love thy Gospel more:

Kind acts of mine redound with love

And blessings, o'er and o'er.

I thank thee for the Gospel light

Thou givest me each day;

For strength to serve thee in the field

Against proud sin's array.

I thank thee for my lineage.

My parents, and each friend:

For brothers, for those sisters—and Who kind assistance lend.

I thank thee for my loving wife

Thy daughter, firm and true;

For health and inspiration, and

The wish thy will to do.

Oh. help me. Father: with thy light.

My understanding clear;

Show me the way to follow thee

In faith, each moment here.

Mav all thy servants speak the truth.

Nor hide when spoken to;

Send forth thy Priesthood's choicest ones "The laborers are few."

And. Father, let thy blessings come

To those who stand in need;

Let all the world thy Gospel know

Through kindly word and deed.

Liverpool. England WESTON N NORDGREN

Tripping the Light Fantastic By Wilford D. Porter, U. A. C. Extension Editor

absent are always in the wrong,"says an old proverb allied to that oneTHEknown in many languages; and closely

is the French proverb, "Tout comprendre c'est tout pardoner"(to understand all is to forgive all).

still Although the Indians perhaps had never heard of either, they observed a custom which indicates they were cognizant of the truths expressed in the two statements. Therefore, they would

call together all the tribesmen and together they would talk over the affairs pertaining to their future welfare, whether in times of war or in times of peace.

In their pipesmoking ritual they believed that the smoke from the pipe would serve as a medium through which their spirits could be united with the "Great Spirit,"and he could hear their supplications and give them supernatural assistance, especially if the ritual were followed by a tribal dance.

Statesmen, rebels, recruiting officers, monarchs and peacemakers have, since the beginning of history, known that a unity of opinion can best be brought about by calling those concerned together where crowd psychology, whether consciously or unconsciously, can be used by the leaders to carry out their purposes.

Strong antagonists can often be'reconciled and mutual friendship result if they can but be brought into close proximity with each other.

Communities exist because individuals have been brought together either consciously or unconsciously for the satisfying of comIt is, therefore, not surprising to hear ofmon interests and needs.

rural communities of Utah having their slumbering civic pride awakened by common interests, and in this case, by an interest that appeals to the feet instead of the heart, the head, or through the proverbial path to a man's heart, through the stomach.

the So interested was Miss Mary Wood Hinman. founder of

life livedHinman School of Dancing, New York, in the community in Utah that she offered her services for six weeks gratis, to endeavor to introduce folk dancing among the rural Utahns.

Some indication of Miss Hinman's gift to the State might be a disclosed by the fact that she was offered and did receive $100 day for teaching the same dances to the movie stars in Hollywood.

California.

Miss Hinman has been in almost every civilized country in

Oct.. 1929986 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the world, where she studied the dances of the folk. She came to

realize that every nation has an inborn desire to dance and dance gracefully and rhythmically. She saw that no malice or anger could

exist in the hearts of those who would enter earnestly into the dances of their nation.

Each time on coming back to America she was impressed with the tense feeling in the communities, because, as she said, "American ruralists have forgotten how to play."

Her work during the six weeks which she spent in Utah might be termed "The breath which brought about the blossoming of civic pride and sociability"in the communities in which she introduced her dances.

Because of her visit, one community was completely revolutionized in respect to its community socials. When Miss Hinman first

went there, the public hall was poorly kept. The floors were not

swept; the walls were marred; the inhabitants did not show the

greatest pride in their dress nor their manners, and many did not participate in the community activities. The old order has changed,

fast yielding place to new. The socials start on time; literally everybody turns out; family feuds have been forgotten; the hatchet has

been buried, and the feudists have joined hands and now "trip the light fantastic"to the strains of the home orchestra. With the

dawning of the new civic pride the inhabitants began to cast their eyes upon the unsightly social quarters and immediately demanded a renovation, with the result that the present building was cleaned, and the people have a promise of an addition to be built to accommodate the large crowd that comes every two weeks to join in the festivities. Folk dancing wrought the change.

This is only one incident that may be cited as an example of what has been accomplished in interesting the rural people in the plain and simple folk dancing. Wherever Miss Hinman has taught,

prejudices have been broken down; cliques have disbanded; young

and old alike have been permitted to meet to enjoy a common interest. Her wonderful personality has acted as a stimulus to pursue

happiness through harmless play.

The citizens in West Jordan, Syracuse, Heber, Millville,

Mantua, Lakeshore, Willard, Erda, Huntsville, Hoytsville, Grantsville and other communities in Utah will long remember the charming lady who opened the door to genuine pleasure through arousing their interest in dancing the graceful steps from many lands.

Miss Hinman will always hold a high regard for the Mutual

Improvement Associations for their assistance in her work and for the program which was so worthily carried out in the State.

Monster Worth While A is Worth Preserving A Bear Lake Tradition That

By J. H. Paul, University of Utah

delightful fable of the once famed Bear Lake monster isTHEso good that it ought to be retained. That amazing dream,

myth, or prince of be kept perception—that stories—should

alive as a tradition; not necessarily as something that was possibly

true, but as something that has in it the stuff of endless fun and innocent amusement. For notwithstanding its apparent absurdity

as a fact of science, who can say that this supposed monster was not there, an actual descendant of some pterodactyl, or ichthyosaur, or dinosaur, from geological ages of the past?

This strange creature was seen, or supposed to have been seen, mostly on moonlit nights, its gigantic and serpentlike form now and again disturbing the usual peace of the serene and sleeping waters of the lovely and quiet lake. And please don't tell me that there

was nothing in it!

The Bear Lake Monster fireside group my earliest recollections are pictures of theAMONG in the Deseret in my father's home in Salt Lake City, reading

News of about the year 1875, detailed and circumstantial accounts of this gigantic reptile. For one after another of the early inhabiittants had managed to obtain casual glimpses of it. Sometimes

ithad the head of an otter, sometimes that of a cow. Occasionally

would lift its serpentlike form partly out of the water, displaying a long neck, and the body, apparently many yards in length, judging from the long line of ruffled water in its wake, could be dimly made out following the head, as the creature swam swiftly across the lake or disappeared into its depths.

Stories that Ought to be True F some of these stories are not true, they ought to be true; for they

I have brought thrills to the hearts of youth; and many a graybeard has shaken his head in troubled doubt as he has heard of these

allincredible but detailed accounts given by reliable persons. At

thelevents the stories may contain quite as much truth as parts of material that we require the youth of the nation to read and to ponder as "history."

fill our heads with matter no more certain and We are wont to oa. 1929988 IMPROVEMENT ERA

possibly much more misleading and mischievous. And so, I say,

let's keep the tales of the monster of the skyblue waters, if only for storytelling contests at campfires. At the worst they contain as

much truth as most of the fishing yarns told there, while they have a scientific basis that ordinary fables do not possess.

For just suppose that a few descendants of any longnecked race of lizards of the Mesozoic seas could somehow have lived on, possibly surviving in Lake Bonneville and being transferred in some unknown way to the little strip of Bear Lake waters. While I

cannot imagine just how anything of the kind could have taken place, can anyone say positively that something like this might not have happened?

SeaSerpents of Science read in Leidy, Cope, and Marsh that ancient seaserpentsWEabounded in the Cretaceous seas of the region from which the

Rocky Mountain highlands have been raised from the former waters that extended from the Mississippi valley westward to limits—seas

not yet ascertained. These serpentlike creatures, varying from 10

to 75 feet in length, slendernecked and longtailed, with four flippers in place of fins or feet, had jaws so constructed that they could swallow their prey whole, as serpents do; though Cope concludes that they were gigantic swimming lizards rather than true

snakes. "Thirtyfive species of reptiles are known from the Kansas

strata alone."These reptiles are familiar to geologists who call

them Mososaurs. The fossil preservation of a related form called by

Cope Clydastes tortor, and remarkable for the slenderness of its body, "was found coiled up beneath the ledge of a rock, its skull lying undisturbed in the center."

Long Live the Monster!

quotations; giving but a faint idea of how much the fewTHESE

fossiliferous strata already examined have yielded up concerning the true seaserpents of science, are not intended to suggest that the author fancies any of the early accounts of the fabled monster of

Bear Lake to have been accurate; or that descendants of certain!

extinct monsters might somehow have gotten into the waters of

Bear Lake.

The writer entertains no such theory, nor any theory whatever, about the matter. He intends merely to suggest, as far as he

knows, if anyone does choose to believe that those early descriptions of the Bear Lake monster represent anything more than beavers, cows, wildcats, or other animals, seen swimming across the lake;

and if he imagines further that they might have been creatures related to extinct monsters whose remains are found in the strata

Oct.. 1929 A MONSTER WORTH WHILE. 989

of Western has a perfect right to give this free rein to his rocks—he

imagination, with the practical certainty that science is little likely at present either to confirm or to refute his fancies.

What the writer would like to see preserved is the curious and interesting tradition of the Bear Lake monster. That there is,

or might be, or once was, something that lived in the waters of the fearsome creature resembling gigantic past animals of thelake—a

seaserpent is by far too good a fancy to be lost. The type—this

tradition of the monster should be preserved if only for the sheef fun there is in hearing accounts of it, not because anyone thinks the tales true or false, but because such traditions, whatever may have started them, have high and peculiar value in literature and folk lore.

A Friendly Suggestion to Bathing Resort Proprietors thought of the almost forgotten monster came to my imaginaTHE tion during a recent visit to the Bear Lake region in the interest of scout and girl leadership. The picture of the terrible beast that some

had seen, or imagined they had seen, was at first startling, and then interesting and pleasant. And a fear seized me; not a fear of the

monster, but an apprehension that the tale had been hushed up by

Bear Lake people themselves, lest anyone should think lightly of them for cherishing such a "fable"; or that those who conduct

bathing resorts along the lake shore had hushed up the great story lest the bare reports of a fabulous monster in the depths should frighten wouldbe bathers out of the notion of taking a plunge in the pleasant waters of Bear Lake.

effect on Now, I do not think the story would have any such most people; and while it might possibly keep a few from bathing,

it would be more likely to attract others and so increase the profits of Bear Lake resorts. In any case, it appears to me to be rather a

sordid interest of moneygrabbing to try to lay at rest forever the marvelous traditions concerning the Bear Lake monster, lest such reports might tend to lessen the paltry profits of a few bathing'resorts. I have heard no intimations, however, that any of the

proprietors have taken a stand against keeping alive the tradition, and I trust that none will seek to discredit it.

As true as steel your wife may be,

But yet withal remember.

That truest steel, you will agree.

Sometimes has a high temper.

Los Angeles, California. O. F. URSENBACH.

The Sulfur Cycle J. E. Greaves, Utah Agricultural College

persistent search of the scientist has revealed to date onlyTHE92 elements, in earth, air, water, and every living thing inhabiting them. Some of the elements are rare, others are

abundant. We believe today that everything in this entire universe

is composed of atoms which are ever changing from one combination to another. Plants and animals, men and women, are an "evershifting,"evervarying swarm of atoms, every mechanical work

of earth, air, fire, and water, every criminal act, every human deed of love or valor. What is it all, pray, but the relation of one swarm

of atoms to another?

"Here, for example, is a swarm of atoms, vibrating, scintillant, martial—

they call it a anon, some thousands of miles away upon the South soldier—and

African veldt, that swarm dissolves, forsooth, because of another little swarm they call it lead.

"What a phantasmagoric dance it is, this dance of atoms! And what a

task for the master of ceremonies! For, mark you, the mutabilities of things.

These same atoms may come together again, vibrating, clustering, interlocking, combining, and there results a woman, a flower, a black bird, or a locust, as the case may be. But tomorrow again the dance is ended, and the atoms are far

away; some of them in the fever germs that broke up the dance, others are the

green hair of the grave, and others are blown about the Antipodes on the wings of the ocean, and the eternal everchanging dance goes on."

This journey of the atoms through the living and the dead is a complex process followed imperfectly even by the chemist of today with his apparently magic methods. Two elements, sulfur

and nitrogen, are of intense interest. The cycles of these elements

have much in common. They journey through earth, air and

water, occurring both in the organic and inorganic forms. Native

nitrogen occurs in the atmosphere, native sulfur in soil and water.

Sulfur and nitrogen find their way into the atmosphere through combustion and decay; they both are rendered available to the

growing plants through biological processes. Animals require both

nitrogen and sulfur in the organic form. A vast amount of work

has been done on the nitrogen cycle, much less on the sulfur cycle, due to the different values which have been assigned to the two processes.

However, modern discoveries have given to the sulfur cycle new interests: (1) Recent methods of analyses have shown that sulfur

constitutes a greater proportion of plant and animal tissues than was formerly believed to be the case. (2) Soils have been found which

contain insufficient sulfur to meet the needs of the growing plants.

Oct.. 1929 THE SULFUR CYCLE 991

(3) It has been learned that sulfur often plays an indirect role in the liberation of other plantfood.

Sulfur Everywhere constitutes 0.08 per cent of igneous rock. It is estiSULFUR

mated that 0.12 per cent of the earth is sulfur, where it occurs in

both the free and combined form. Large deposits of free sulfur

are found in Sicily and Japan, as well as in Louisiana and Texas, and other parts of the United States. Soils contain it in rather small

quantities both in the organic and inorganic forms. Inorganically,

it occurs mainly as sulfates combined with calcium, magnesium, sodium, and other common bases. Its origin is the native rock,

organic manures, and rain water. It is emitted in all volcanic

regions, and sulfur springs contain it in large quantities.

Sulfur is essential for the life of plants and animals. It is

necessary for the production of certain essential oils and enters into the composition of the bodies of all plants and animals. Wool,

horn, and hair are especially rich in it. In these it occurs primarily

in the organic form of proteins; and proteins are composed of some

nineteen amino acids, one of which, cystine, carries sulfur. The

amino acids are essential for the building of animal tissue, and with the exception of one, glycocoll, must be received preformed in the diet of the animal. The animal cannot build them. They are

synthesized by the plant, and it is from the plant, either directly or indirectly, that the animal obtains them. In fact, the extent to which

tissue can be produced by any animal is governed by the quantity and proportion of the specific amino acids in the diet. Consequently,

an animal cannot grow unless eighteen of the nineteen building blocks, the amino acids, are supplied in the food.

As previously stated, horn, hair, and wool are extremely rich in sulfur where it occurs in the aminoacid, cystine. Eleven per cent

of wool is cystine, a little over onefourth of which is sulfur.

Scoured wool carries as an average 3.4 per cent sulfur; consequently,

sheep must receive at least 0.34 pound of sulfur, which must be

supplied as 1.36 pounds of cystine for every one hundred pounds of

wool which they produce. This must be supplied in the form of

protein sulfur as the animals cannot use the inorganic sulfur. For

these reasons Robertson has concluded that apart from possible mineral deficiencies which vary from place to place and must be ascertained separately for each, the carrying capacity of any country factors, for sheep may obviously be determined by either of two namely: "(1) The total nutritive value of the fodder plants per acre, or the 'energy value'of the pasture, and

Oct., 1929992 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"(2) The cystine production per pound of fodder protein, which, for wool production, constitutes the 'biological value'of the pasture.

"Where cystine production is high the energy value of the pasture will limit its carrying capacity; where cystine production is

low the biological value of the pasture will form the limiting factor.

In the former case the introduction of pasture plants of high energyvalue, without much regard to their productivity of cystine would improve the pasture. In the latter case the introduction of fodder

plants of high cystine productivity irrespective of their nutritive value (apart from this aminoacid) would similarly improve the pasture."The quantity of sulfur occurring in Utahgrown grains has been found to vary with the specific grains, the water applied during the growing season, and the soil on which it is grown.

Table I. Percentage Sulfur in Wheat, Oats, and Barley Grown

Under Varying Conditions

Wheat Oats Barley

Maximum 0,287 0.294 0.241

Average 0.204 0.190 0.155

Minimum 0.120 0.115 0.082

The variation in sulfur which preliminary work indicates can be attributed to irrigation water is 48 per cent; to variety, 40 per

cent; and to soil, 30 per cent. If later work shows this increase of

sulfur to be organic, grains grown under one condition may be twice as valuable for wool production as grains grown under different conditions.

From these and other results the quantity of sulfur removed from the soil by the growing crop can be calculated. This has been

done and is given for a few of the common crops in Table 2.

It is evident that the sulfur content of plants and the quantity removed annually from the soil varies widely with the size and kind of crop. A 300bushel crop of potatoes removes only five pounds,

whereas an 8-ton crop of alfalfa removes 52.8 pounds. One ton of

alfalfa carries twice as much sulfur from the soil as does one ton of peas. Consequently, alfalfa rapidly depletes the soil of sulfur, yet

its value, for the production of wool, is twice that of peas or timothy hay.

Oct.. 1929 THE SULFUR CYCLE 993

Table 2. Pounds of Sulfur Removed From an Acre of Soil by

Maximum Crops

Crops Sulfur (lbs.)

Corn Grain (100 bu.) 9.5

Corn Stover (3 tons).. 7.6

Total Crop 17.1

Barley Grain (100 bu.) 7.4

Barley Straw (2.5 tons) 7.4

Total Crop 14.8

Oats Grain (100 bu.) 6.1

Oats Straw (2.5 tons) 6.0

Total Crop 12.1

Alfalfa (8 tons) 52.8

Peas (4 tons) 13.6

Sugarbeets (20 tons) 13.0

Potatoes (300 bu.) 5.0

The sulfur contained in the crop comes from the soil; therefore,

it is imperative to know the quantity of sulfur in the soil if an estimate is to be made of the durability of the soil. In Table 3 is

given the maximum and minimum quantities of sulfur reported for different soils.

Table 3. Maximum and Minimum Quantities of Sulfur Reported

for an Acre Foot of Soil (3. 600,000 Pounds)

Locality Minimum Maximum

Utah 252 1,764 Missouri 297 1.067

Wisconsin 660 2,000 Iowa 700 900 Oregon 720 1.200

Nebraska 828 2,526 Kentucky 900 2,340 Kansas 972 1,656 Tennessee Average 1,850 Average Eastern part of the United States.. 1.440

General Average 666 1,764 i9Z9994 IMPROVEMENT ERA oa.

The variation in the sulfur content of different soils is very great; in some there is abundance, in others it is near the danger;

limit, as is evident from a simple calculation. Two hundred and

fiftytwo pounds of sulfur, the quantity found in some Utah soils, is sufficient for only five annual maximum crops of alfalfa were the plant able to take all the sulfur from the first foot section of soil.

The highest sulfurcarrying soils in Utah would last only 33 years.

The average durability for the soils of the United States is from 13 to 33 years. Where wheat, oats, barley, peas, and sugarbeets

are grown the durability of the soil would be from three to five times longer.

These illustrations show how serious would be the sulfur problem were it not that the soil is constantly obtaining small quantities of sulfur from other sources. Combustion and decay constantly liberate gaseous sulfur compounds. Millions of tons of

sulfur are thrown into the atmosphere by volcanoes and from chimneys, especially from some manufacturing plants. This sulfur

finds its way back into the soils, oceans, lakes, and streams of the country. The quantity of sulfur brought to the soil by precipitation varies from 3 to 131 pounds per acre annually, being high near

manufacturing centers and low in the country. The average for

eighteen localities in various parts of the world was 34 pounds.

From the standpoint of soil fertility, these figures are misleading, as the majority of the determinations was made near centers of thick population where industries send large quantities of sulfur into the atmosphere, consequently, much appears in the precipitation. It has

been found through a study extended over four years that the precipitation on the campus of the Utah Agricultural College brings 33 pounds of sulfur to each acre of soil annually, where as the average over the same period for eight country localities was only 9.5 pounds of sulfur per acre. A careful study of all available data

leads to the conclusion that this latter figure represents approximately the quantity brought annually to agricultural soils by precipitation.

The quantity of sulfur discharged into the sea is enormous.

The salts of its waters contain about 7.69 per cent of the sulfate

radical; consequently, one would expect some sulfur returned to soil

by irrigation waters. An analysis of 46 of the principal irrigation

streams of Utah bears out this expectation.

Sulfur From Irrigation Waters carries 676 pounds of sulfur in an acrefoot ofEMERY CREEK water, Price River, Huntington Creek, Sevier River, Jordan

River, and Ferron River all carry over 200 pounds of sulfur in an acrefoot of water. None of the lands irrigated with these waters

Oct.. 1929 THE SULFUR CYCLE 995

would become deficient in sulfur. However, these waters are high

in alkali salt and, due to their high salt content, may be injurious.

The waters of five streams and one lake tested contained between 100 and 200 pounds of sulfur in an acrefoot of water; seven others

carried between 50 and 100 pounds. Twentyseven streams carried

less than 50 pounds of sulfur in an acrefoot of water. All but

two of these carried less than 25 pounds; consequently, very ap.

preciable quantities of sulfur are carried to the soil by some irrigation waters. The quantity varies greatly with the streams. Some waters

furnish sufficient for the production of maximum irrigation crops of heavy sulfurrequiring plants, other waters would not carry sufficient quantities yet would assist in maintaining the sulfur content of the soil. The principal streams of the Cache Valley region, Cub

River, Logan River, and Little Bear River, where the sulfur content of the soil is low, carry only small quantities of sulfur.

Now, if we assume that the sulfur brought to Cache Valley soils annually in the precipitation is 9.5 pounds per acre and 7

pounds per acre annually in the irrigation water (the actual quantity found in the Logan River water, which is used on some of these soils), there would be an annual gain of 16.5 pounds. Where the

Cub River water is used on these soils there would be an annual gain of only 12.5 pounds. Where barnyard manure is used another

pound would be added with each ton of manure. It is, therefore,

likely that the sulfur brought to the soil annually by precipitation, irrigation water, and manure would be about sufficient to account for the annual removal in such crops as wheat, oats, barley, corn, peas, and sugarbeets. When crops like alfalfa are grown, the

incoming sulfur would not be sufficient to supply half the sulfur removed in the crop. From these results it may be concluded that

where alfalfa is grown sulfur may become a limiting element in some of the Cache Valley soils, and that at a notfar-distant date, a conclusion which would likewise apply to sulfurpoor soils in other parts of the United States.

In all of the preceding calculations no account has been taken of the sulfur lost in drain waters. The data compiled by Joffe

show an annual loss of from 8 to 28 1 pounds of sulfur in the drainage water. The quantity lost would vary with the kind of soil,

the amount of precipitation, the system of cropping, and the methods of cultivation.

If it is assumed that the annual loss from drainage is 1 5 pounds, the quantity found by Jones lost from some of the sulfurpoor soils of Oregon, and that the annual gain is 7 pounds that brought to the soil of the Central Experiment Station (Greenville) per acre in the irrigation waters and 9.5 pounds in the precipitation, there would

o.,i9Z9996 IMPROVEMENT ERA

be 1.5 pounds per acre annually to supplement the native soil sulfur.

Even with crops requiring only small quantities of sulfur this would not meet their need; and with some other crops, alfalfa, for example,

it would be an insignificant quantity. Consequently, these results

point to the conclusion that some of the Cache Valley soils will ultimately become deficient in sulfur. The time required for this

to become evident will vary with the specific soil, the nature and the size of the crop grown, and the quantity of manure returned to the soil.

From what has been said, it is evident that the sulfur cycle can be summarized as follows: Sulfur is a vital constituent of the bodies

of all plants and animals and as these are burned, putrefy, or decay, the sulfur finds its way into the atmosphere. This is washed from

the atmosphere in the rain and snow. In the soil the products are

worked over by bacteria and combined with the bases to yield sulfates. These may be taken up by the growing plant or leached

out by the waters and wander to the sea. The quantity of sulfates

in the sea is enormous and one may well wonder why the sea is not mainly a sulfate solution. It is because sulfates are continually

being reduced to sulfides. These react with iron and there results

iron sulfide; or they may react with calcium and, as the water evaporates, deposits of gypsum result. From these, possibly through

bacterial action, there is produced sulfur.

The sulfur used by the growing plant is built into the plant tissue. This may be used by the animal and become a part of its

tissue. The sulfur of the plant and animal tissue may be liberated

through combustion, putrefaction, or decay, and again starts on its journey. Thus, a large part of the sulfur of the world is continually

changing from sulfite to sulfate with local reversions to native sulfur and often to organic sulfur and back to sulfide and sulfate.

What Great Men Have Said About The Bible "The Bible is the best book God has given to man."Abraham Lincoln.

"I am sorry for the man who does not read the Bible every day."

Woodrow Wilson.

"I remember the time when at my mother's feet, or on my father's knee,

I learned to lisp the phrases of the Scriptures. If there is anything in my life

to be commended, tha credit is due to my parents in instilling into my mind the sacred Scriptures."Daniel Webster.

"No one can justly claim to be educated, who is not familiar with the

Bible's contents."General Francis Green. West Point, upon presenting each

graduate with a Bible.

Out of Work By Daniel Connelly [The following ideas are commended to all young men. The main thought that we get

out of them is that in youth there is need of learning to save; that in early life they should

devote their efforts to prepare for their future financial, as well as moral and spiritual welfare;

that they should have an economic vision of the future, and that there is little good they can do for themselves and theirs, their neighbors, or the nation in general, if they arc not well founded financially. It is difficult, however, for the ordinary workman to lay up enough means during

his working years to make himself useful and contented in the years when age creeps on and his jobs fail him. Hence, provisions for help for the faithful workers are being considered by great

corporations and organizations, through reasonable recompense, through encouragement in saving, through insurance, and through other means of having them accumulate a modest competence during the years of their ability to earn. Investment in firstclass nonspeculative organizations,

in savings banks, and well established building associations, are reasonably safe, and a sound means to this end. The people who are at the head of these organizations, however, should be

carefully considered. Save persistently and regularly, while you are earning. It will help you.

if independent.—Editors.]you are a job worker or a salary slave, to get out of that position and become reasonably

called this, Work, where art thou? That would HAD almost

for us outof-work people,I ofnot it.haveWouldbeen true,it onlyhowever,materializeas there is work to be done, much

for we are assured that for everyone seeking there is a job! It will experience. Tobe well, as a reminder, to tell briefly a little of my

it will be a twosided picture.those who understand,

I am 64. Young man, you will be that some day: Sixtyfour

cannot compete under all circumstances with 22. Modern business

64. I have worked at jobs,says it cannot. Fiftythree years of my

a great many years to come thenot positions. Young friends, for

development of Utah, or your State, will be mainly accomplished by men who are manly men, capable and willing to tackle jobs, handling will have to be men whosethem competently and successfully. You

brains and bodies function manfully. Men who think honest

thoughts to a successful finish.

varied, and their variety has been as spice My jobs have been

I stayed with them long enough,mixed with their dull monotony.

normally, to know their worth and their relationship to the whole.

pleasurIn that acquired knowledge I found the main spring of my able satisfaction.

Boys, this is a mechanical age; are you being taught that you

will probably be a wheel in the wonderful machine that goes to as modern industry? As youmake up the gigantic thing known

is your will see the wheel go round and round, day in and day out.

training of such a nature that your reactions to that training are going to bring you the joys of achievement, or the dull apathy and sombre outlook of the misfit? Or will you be content to be just a cog in the

wheel? Not if you keep thinking right thoughts thoughtfully. This

attitude of mind will make you wise, and the truly wise see and

Oct., 1929998 IMPROVEMENT ERA

find pleasant aspects in all the realities. The measure of the comprehension of the realism of things is what makes up the sum of

your capacity to enjoy and to use the wisdom you may acquire.

I trusted that, knowing and sensing the above facts and measurably acting them out in my 53 years of toiling, that 64 would find me recompensed, at least in the necessities of existence, so that grim want would not show its ugly, repulsive, hungry visage near me or mine. I had never sought wealth nor luxury, had learned, in

fact, to know that the handler of jobs, under the present system of life's practicability, hardly ever gets beyond a sufficiency for the day and for week to week.

I wondered if this was an immutable law of life, unchangeable and omnipotent in its workings and results! If so, how about my

young brethren? Would any philosophy reconcile them? Would

any recital of my experiences, or by anyone or many, soften the harshness or smooth the path of the evergrowing multitudes of the 22 or over? Would their religion explain it, or offer an antidote?

Would it point out the way or furnish a panacea? Would it solve

the problem? go to the root of the evils of the present? give a just,

quiet freedom from harrassment to old 62, with the wisdom that comes then and the peace, happiness and joy that 53 years of labor deserves? May it so do to you; then what a glorious task is in

front of you, right in front! It hasn't brought this to me. Not

because true religion cannot meet and solve all the varied conditions of living, but partly because I am one in a million, and I and my religion are but units of two with their proportionate influence. The

power to alter or change is of just that much importance or weight, even with God on my side, as he does respect the agency of his children.

And so, young men of the Mutual, if you want to be on the safe side of the ragged edge of poverty, think over these "thumbnail"sketches of things as they are in this work-a-day world.

If you will think back to and of the purpose and objective of the inauguration of your organization, and let all the units mutually cooperate in doing their share in improving the environments of life, here and now, when you reach the 52nd or 64th milestone of your life's journey, you will not find yourselves like me, out of a job wanting a job, and Oh, so badly needing a job, and yet, cannot get one.

And I further wonder if our young men will realize that their work and mission is to inject and fasten on the interrelations of life the vital living forces that will always, and without fail, harmonize our business with and to each other, put a soul where it is needed, so that righteousness, right doing, may prevail.

A Unique Utah Tree By Prof. Frank R. Arnold, U. A. C.

TREE beloved by game birds and deer, by Utah pioneers, poets and fireplace worshipers, that is by all homeloving folks, is the mountain mahogany, or cercocarpus ledifolius. JustAas the oleander and the olive tie France to the Mediterranean, Spain

and Africa, so the mahogany in Utah occupies the middle country between the north and the south and thus links the yellow pine of

Arizona with the white pine of Idaho, though it invades Arizona far more than it does Idaho. Your first impression on seeing the

low groves on the steep mountain side, at heights from five thousand to nine thousand feet, is that you are looking at an olive grove.

Same gray bark in the young trees, same sturdy, gnarled individuality in the old, and the same grayish, green leaves. But as you draw

near you get faint elusive puffs of an aromatic perfume, if the sun is strong, and you see that the leaves, though leatherlike, are smaller than those of the olive, and the bark of old trees has furrows often an inch deep. All the same, if you want to find a Mount of

Olives in the Wasatch Mountains you can easily create illusions for yourself with this tree.

It is the most distinctive tree in the Wasatch and when you make its acquaintance you meet something as unique as the ghinko tree of the cypripodium. Although the groves of mahogany arc

to be found in the altitudes usually above five thousand feet, still as an ornamental shrub it is to be met in nurseries at slightly lower elevations. The leatherlike leaves stay on until the second year and

have revolute margins. The trees rarely grow higher than half

stunted apple trees and are apt to sprawl in old age like California sycamores.

The akene has a taillike lengthened style clothed in pale or tawny hairs which take on a corkscrew effect in autumn and are eriophilous enough for Maeterlink or Havelock Ellis to call their parent stem a human being. The wood is very hard, of so close a

grain you can't count the rings in its red heart, as red as mesquite and surrounded with white sap wood, which when bruised or injured immediately bleeds into a mahogany hue. The specific gravity of the

wood is 1.0371. Closely related to the cercocarpus ledifolius is the

cercocarpus parvifolius but the latter has deciduous leaves with toothed edges.

It is because of its many uses that the tree was beloved by Utah pioneers. You may think that the best wood for a fireplace is old

Oct.. 1919 000 IMPROVEMENT ERA

apple tree logs but that's because you don't know mountain mahogany, which burns as long as coal, far better than soft coal, and holds the fire as long as hard coal. Even today the Utah farmer who can

get a load of mountain mahogany thinks he has the ideal fire wood and he can still get it, if he will go into the hills for it, as it is to be found on all the hills around Bear Lake in the north and in the south on the head waters of the Virgin. To cut it you have to use an axe

with a thick edge, nick the tree all the way round and then break. It

is too hard for turning as it will keep you constantly sharpening your tools but it takes such a glasslike polish that it is sometimes used in high school woodwork classes for inlays, candle sticks and napkin rings. Dr. William Jardine, former Secretary of Agriculture, and his

brother, when they rode the range as boys in southern Idaho, used to make canes of the wood and give them to their college friends. They

would cut them from young growth, polish them with sandpaper and leave them near the fire over night to take on a mahogany shad*, just as in Brittany the sabot maker after he has measured your foot for a pair of wooden shoes and gouged them out of a block of beech wood will set them in the fireplace over night to give them a reddishbrown tinge and a bucolic perfume that they never lose. The Utah

pioneers were accustomed also to use the mountain mahogany as runners on their winter sleds, working the wood down with an adze.

You can still find them in Summit county in Utah, though in other counties the pioneer often thought that mountain maple was tougher and less likely to break. However, the mahogany runners took on

A Veteran Mahogany Tree in the Wasatch Range

Oct.. 1929 1001 A UNIQUE UTAH TREE

a marvelous patina with use and children especially used them on their sleds for coasting, sleds that they called "godevils,"and that men who had not joined the Latterday Saint faith designated as "Mormon bobs."The wood also makes valuable charcoal for

smelting silver ore. Deer get shelter in winter in the mahogany

groves and browse on the leaves and small branches. The blue

grouse, or pine hen, also feeds on the leaves in winter and even sometimes in summer you'll find their crop full of mahogany leaves.

The poetical connotations of the tree are as infinite as human imagination. If Maeterlink could see the seeds, he would have a new

chapter for his Intelligences of Flowers. When you see the long,

feathery, glistening styles of the akenes in September you can easily is shakingbelieve that some wood nymph is concealed within and out her hair, so soft and silky has the whole tree surface become.

distilled by the hotWhen you catch the faint perfume of the leaves sun, for the tree loves the sun and grows open and scrawny so that each leaf may have its place in the sun, then you think instinctively of Morocco or the azure coast of France where the mimosa, especially the Farnese variety, distils from its yellow pincushion flowers a perfume as unforgettably unique and pleasing as that of the mountain mahogany. You can't get the perfume from the crushed leaves

it out for you inof the mahogany. The tree nymph must shake

small faint whiffs.

In many ways the mahogany solves the problem of how to change cattle and sheep range into forest on our western national forests, which are more likely to be grazing grounds than genuine forit which ests. Every mahogany tree has a clan of seedlings all around

are easy to transplant. They will not develop so fast as the Douglas

fir and the yellow pine, but like all slowly maturing trees they arc worth waiting for. They will grow on dry rocky hillsides where

only sage and Indian paint brush flourish. All Western forests to

it if they are which the tree is native should have large plantations of to attain their maximum development, for both cattle and deer browse on the mahogany and it supplies firewood that needs no pro tective screen in the fireplace and that lasts all night. In short, the

mahogany furnishes a rare combination of range browse and forest tree.

Out of the dusk a shadow, Out of the heart a rapture.

Then a spark: Then, a pain.

Out of the cloud a silence. Out of the dead, cold ashes.

Then, a lark; Life again.

"EVOLUTION."BY JOHN BANISTER TABB.

The Atlantic's Landless Highway

By Robert Sparks Walker

Florida to Maine the Atlantic Ocean promises to beFROM come a very popular landless highway. Year after year the

steamers there are competing with the automobiles as a route for tourists and business men. Already thousands of people are

using the ocean in preference to land, and it has its silver charms and its golden advantages.

At present, the longest route uninterrupted by stops gives one about four days of solid traveling from the South Atlantic shores to Boston, with no sight of land short of Long Island. But like

a reddishgreen bank rising in the distance to the west and northwest,

Long Island slips modestly out of the sea, while whales frequently entertain the tourist with spouting water.

However, long before land is sighted, and scarcely is the journey well begun, floating jelly fish become numerous, and as these lose their interest, porpoises in schools of five or more challenge the steamer for frequent races. They come bounding and leaping, reminding the observer of the behavior of a pet racoon, and presto,

they are directly in front of the steamer, racing as if there was a huge purse at stake. The prow of the promenade deck becomes

the choicest grand stand seat from which to observe the movements of these skillful swimmers. As they twist and flip their bodies in

cutting many sorts of aquatic stunts, the various slants of light influence their natural brownish color, and every now and then one of them leaps into the air, passing entirely over a brother in whose tracks he has tired of swimming. Onward they move, displaying

a jolly good mood, and then apparently, just for entertainment and for demonstration of his swimming ability, one lusty fellow flops over on his back and swims for miles with such speed and grace that the lover of aquatic feats feels that, after all, it would not be so bad to be an humble porpoise!

On and on the jolly crowd moves until the fun of racing has lost its thrill. Then a sudden plunge to the right or to the left,

and the steamer again ploughs through the salty water alone. However, soon another school of porpoises, tired of the monotony of the

sea, hears the steamer, and behold another race is on!

As the vessel moves on, flying fish take part in the program, and dart into the air, sailing gracefully for a safe distance, when they plunge headlong into a strong billow, and all is over.

Oct.. 1929 THE ATLANTIC'S LANDLESS HIGHWAY 1003

Such is a part of the program enacted in the front of a steamer on the Atlantic Ocean near our coast. But at the stern of the ship

an equally attractive program is taking place. There a flock of

Mother Carey's Chickens (Wilson Petrels) follow with outstretched wings, alighting on the water whenever they spy scraps of food floating in the wake of the vessel.

These petrels are remarkable birds. In fact, when in flight

one of them creates the impression that he is much larger than he really is, for when he accidentally darts against your window in the evening and you are enabled to take him in your hands while he is recovering from the stunning blow, his extremely light weight is surprising. What a curious creature he is! So void of weight that

he can alight on the surface of the ocean and walk about feasting as if he were on the land. Often a number of them gather on the

water about a generous gift of bread crumbs and eat until the steamer gets a half mile or farther ahead, but.they are fleet on their

long wings and soon are close behind, still hungry, hoping and watching for more lunch.

Had the petrel not been able to walk on the water, surely he never would have been named "Petrel."When his nomenclator

saw him tripping lightly and safely over the waves he was doubtless reminded of the Biblical story of the apostle Peter walking on the water, hence the name "Petrel."

is a most The ocean trip on the east coast of the United States delightful one. Not many rough seas are encountered in the summer season, making nauseated stomachs scarce. In fact, sometimes

the sea is so calm that the trip is made without a single case of seasickness. However, there is one point along the way that can not

always be trusted. This is Cape Hatteras. Everybody who knows

anything of the voyage distrusts the Cape. But it is not such an

ogre to be dreaded after all, for it lets many steamers pass unmolested with nothing but the solemn warnings of the whistling and bell buoys.

Usually before one gets off Long Island, the petrels forsake the ship, but when the green frock of Block Island appears, the sea gulls begin to pass in front of the steamer, flying low enroute. The smacking sounds of the hundreds of gulls as they smite waves smacks the

human ears as well as the water, and when each bird returns to shore with a fish, he usually flies high, probably as a safe way of guarding his prey.

From Block Island northeastwardly the trip becomes more charming. If it is in spring or summer, Martha's Vineyard will

make the passenger with hiking instincts paw the floor like a restless horse, craving the opportunity to see the place on foot: for he is

19Z9 1004 IMPROVEMENT ERA oc.

sure that somewhere there abounds beautiful flowers and birds, some of which he may never have met before. But it is useless to yearn

for such an experience, for the steamer has you in its embrace, and you will not be released before Boston is reached. Lobster fishermen

begin entertaining you by skimming about in boats like water striders and whirling beetles gyrating on the surface of inland pools.

Farther on the sailing vessels appear and, if the sun is right, a wonderful mirage looms upon the lower New England shore, which may deceive you unless some experienced seaman tells you about it.

Before the ship rounds Cape Cod, if the passenger is half human, he will agree that the most interesting phase of an ocean voyage is the crowd of passengers themselves. And here, almost everybody

is well acquainted, and the crowd is one large congenial family where brotherly love has won, and where expressions of sorrow are heard for the parting that is in sight.

The passengers on such a trip represent a collection of individuals with about as varied faces, names, manners, habits, and experiences as the fish that may be caught at sea. Yonder is the school

teacher who has given her best efforts and thoughts to training the youth in the South, now bound for her summer home in New

England. Sauntering along the deck is the professional man with

a bull dog which claims so much of his devotion that one wonders if he does not bestow more care on it than he does his family at home. There is the minister who having labored faithfully in the

South is bound for a vacation somewhere near his childhood home, probably Prince Edward Island. The high school boy who has

never before been on the ocean, but who is so fascinated with it that he declares that he is going to become a gallant old sea captain, is ubiquitous. Here is the old greybearded man who cannot reconcile himself to the behavior of the young folks of today, and

who therefore proceeds to admonish them regardless of whether or not they are in a receptive mood. The typical New Englander

who is so economical and frugal that, although he wears a straw hat, he still struts about wearing his heavy winter suit, is usually to be seen on deck and always at meal time. Leaning over the rail

is an old man from the State of Maine whose neck has ever been a stranger to a collar. One sympathizes with the griefstricken man

who is at sea in the vain hope of losing a few sorrows forever. The

lonesome middleaged man enjoys the ocean so well that he loses a great deal of enjoyment standing and gazing into the water, wishing that all his kinsfolk were with him! This young man, one

can easily imagine, is making the trip to see how many beautiful girls he is able to meet. Always in evidence is the flexible flapper

who has tried to copy the sunset tints on her cheeks, and reproduce oa..i929 THE ATLANTIC'S LANDLESS HIGHWAY 1005

the pokcberry's juice on her lips, and who is wholly oblivious to the beauty of the sea!

But it is an unusually fine family of folks, where charity abounds, and where brotherly love becomes quickly established.

For example, a boy was taken ill one night. Two physicians on

board tendered their services free of charge. A hospital nurse en

route to her home in Boston begged to be permitted to give the boy attention, without cost. In fact, within a very few hours it

seemed that all passengers aboard knew of the lad's illness. Women

of culture and refinement insisted on being permitted to do something for him. In the morning, in the evening, and at various times

during the day, crowds of passengers congregated about his stateroom to learn of his condition. Sickness tests the heart and soul,

and so the parents of the little chap had more offers of sympathy and assistance from their newly made acquaintances on the ship than they would have expected had they been back home in a city where they had lived for a quarter of a century! Speaks well for the sea!

There the thoughts of others run high, and a congenial crowd made up of refined people of various vocations can within a few hours become closely knitted in the bonds of friendship.

Cape Cod rounded, the golden sun going down dips into the ocean, greening up the surface in a manner that makes the passenger feel he is entering an Arctic port. The lower edge of the sun

strikes the water when the great ball of fire through an optical feat is stretched out of its natural shape; as a shellless egg, its top is

mashed down and it becomes a golden elliptical contortionist! But

it furnishes a remarkable scene, and soon the Pilgrim's Monument at Providence rises majestically, dignified, and solemnly, as if to affirm that no passenger can disembark without declaring his loyalty to the others, and with a renewal of a pledge of patriotism to

America. And what a temptation it is for the passengers on board

to form a modern Pilgrim "Gayflower Compact"and, instead of landing, float on and on and on in this newly formed friendship league!

There is no more valuable subordinate than the man to whom you can give a piece of work and then forget it. in the confident expectation that the

next time it is brought to your attention it will come in the form of a report is joined to that the thing has been done. When this selfreliant quality

executive power, loyalty and common sense, the result is a man whom you can trust.

On the other hand, there is no greater nuisance to a man heavily burdened with the direction of affairs than the weakbacked assistant who is continually trying to get his chief to do his work for him on the feeble plea that he thought the chief would like to decide this or that himself. The man to whom an

executive is most grateful, the man whom he will work hardest and value

PlNCHOT. most, is the man who accepts responsibility willingly.—GlFFORD

The Possible You By Prof. J. C. Hogensen of the Utah Agricultural College

Have you ever stopped to think for his associates, but who gets no farther.

a moment, or try to look into the fuYou are known in your town as a ture, and picture in your mind the kind fellowtownsman and that is about all.

of person you are going to be ten, Apparently that is the height of your twenty or thirty years from now? If ambition, your influence reaches no

you have ever done so, did you realize farther.

that what you do now will determine You may become one upon whom largely just what kind of person you success and prosperity have smiled, one are going to be? Now is the time to whom everybody likes, whose influence

develop habits of industry, thrift and extends far and wide, one to whom economy which will enable you to everybody comes for counsel and advice make your mark high in the world. because they know that your judgPerhaps you have thought that the ment is sound, one whom everybody

person which the future will bring loves, honors and respects, an influence forth as "you"just happens. I hope and a power in your community and

you have found that you may take the your state.

many little experiences of each day and If you would attain this highest and weave them according to a wonderful greatest possibility, then you must start life pattern and only you can know to build now a solid foundation for this pattern. Some people make nothyour life structure. Some build their

ing but hitand-miss rugs or crazylives upon a foundation of sand and.

patch work quilts out of their lives. when adversity and temptations come,

Others let their experience threads pile they fall. Others build their lives upup into a big tangle or allow them to on a solid rock foundation, and later,

work into hard knots, and it takes when the trials of life come, no matter them all the rest of their lives to dishow hard or severe those trials may be, entangle or untie the threads. You are their lives go on steadfastly to the end.

the one to discover the secret of your Some people are like chaff, blown pattern and the process and the joy of about by the wind this way and that working out your life design. God way, they never get anywhere. Other

grant that it may be a worthy one. people are like the solid, heavy grain.

As I look into the future, young They are not moved by the winds that men and women, I can see three posblow, but grow on continually and sibilities for each of you. You may produce a good harvest of ripened

become the careless, shiftless one who grain. If you would attain the best,

has made a failure in life, one whom you must each day reach up and out nobody cares anything about, one who a little farther. Reach up as high as

has no influence in his community, one you can for power and reach out as far everybody shuns and points to as a as you can with influence. So will

"no account."If you are shiftless your power and your influence for

today, following the direction of least good ever spread up and out to a greatresistance or the easiest path; if you er height and to a wider range in your

neglect your studies and your opporworld of associates and fellowwork- tunities now, the probabilities are that ers. If you would attain the best, you

you will do so in the future. You may must have a high ideal and so conduct

become one of the common plodders, yourselves that each day you come a good fellow, who has the respect of just a little nearer to your ideal. Keep

1007Oct., 1929 THE POSSIBLE YOU

yourselves normal, shun pride and afAnd with Tennyson he can say:

yourself, each of you. "To him, who in the love of nature fectedness—be

There is nothing that belittles one in Holds communion with her various forms, the estimation of his fellows like afShe speaks a various language."

fectedness. Learn to know and appreyou would attain the best, you ciate your surroundings. Keep your If

lives in tune with the infinite and the must learn to profit by the experience birds will inspire you with their sweet, of others. Experience is a dear teachmelodious songs; the trees by their staler, so if you can use the experience of

wart growth and majestic beauty; the others you will be able to get a grert

shrubs, the flowers by their variety of deal farther in life than will be the alcolor and sweet perfume; the very case if you have to use your own

winds by their persistency and tenacity ways. Life is full of mirages, do not

to life; the golden grain waving follow them, for they are not what

graciously in the breeze; the grass by they seem to be. Get the genuine, that

which is true to the heart, that alone its velvety green and the pleasant odor is worth following, seeking and attainof newmown hay. To know all is

indeed a rare accomplishment. It makes ing.

Young people, you are the great one more satisfied with and appreAmerican hope. The future and the ciative of life. It makes us understand

ultimate destiny of this country is in and appreciate the beauties with which it what it God has surrounded us. It makes man your hands; will you make

see the glory of God and the majesty ought to be? It is your privilege, your

of his handiwork in a different light duty and your task, to be awake, to see from what he was ever able to do beyour opportunities, to grasp them, and fore. It enables him to say with then develop them to their utmost.

Then will the vision of Ingersoll be Shakespeare that he finds:

realized when he said:

"Tongues in trees, "I see a land of happy homes, a land

Sermons in stones, where music's myriad voice is heard and

Books in the running brooks, lips are rich and full of love and song.

sighs, no prisoner And Good in everything."A land where no exile

mourns. A land without the beggars outAnd with Bryant let him say: stretched hand, without the miser's heart-

"Flower in the cranniest wall, less stony stare, without the piteous wail reaps its true I pluck you out of the crannies, of woe. A land where labor

And hold you here, root and all, reward, where work and worth go hand flower. in hand. And as I look, life lengthens, In my hand—little

But if I could know what you are, joy deepens, love canopies the land, and all in all, over all, in the deep blue of the heavens, Root and all—and

I would know what God and man is. shines the bright star of eternal hope."

Abraham Lincoln's Letter to Mrs. Bdcby

Dear Madam:

I have been shown in the files of the War Department a statement of the

AdjutantGeneral of Massachusetts that you are the mother of five sons who fruitless must have died gloriously on the field of battle. I feel how weak and

be any words of mine which should attempt to beguile you from the grief of a loss so overwhelming. But I cannot refrain from tendering to you the consolation that may be found in the thanks of the Republic they died to save. I pray

that our heavenly Father may assuage the anguish of your bereavement, and leave you only the cherished memory of the loved and lost, and the solemn pride that must be yours to have laid so costly a sacrafice upon the altar of freedom. -Washington, November 21, 1864.

Mary Bassett's Bomb By Libbie M. Travers

Mary Bassett was a platform maneverything connected advertising—oh,

ager for one of the largest Chautauqua with the enterprise. They were even

bureaus in the country. Since early tired of the out programs—dragging

May she had been going from town to on hot summer afternoons and eventown on their longest circuit. Now, ings to hear music they couldn't apthe third week in August, she. was preciate, plays they didn't enjoy, and

head over heels in work and obstacles, lectures that bored them to extinction.

in the last but one of her engagements. Mary skillfully countered every such

Among her many duties, the chief argument, but to no avail. The last

one was to secure contracts in her day arrived and the contract was still towns for return dates the next year a blank. Worst of all, the speaker

called "rebooking"in the lingo of the of the afternoon, a man of note who tent. Time was when the assets most was the star attraction of the whole

sought in a manager were dignity, perweek, was sick in bed at the hotel and sonality, platform presence, and the could not possibly appear.

ability to make telling announcements But Mary was resourcegame—and

and graceful introductions. In these ful. She arranged with the music

latter days of the Chautauqua, the one company for a fifteenminute extension outstanding question has become: of their time, and then went to the

"Can be put it he rebook platform herself for half an hour of over—can

the towns?"what she called a "pep"talk. Home,

Fortunately, Mary Bassett had all school, church, Chautauqua, and other these characteristics. She combined in educational, uplifting agencies—all

her fresh, wholesome, keenly alert came in for a share in Mary's eulogy.

young person every quality that could Even the victrola and the radio, which possibly be asked by the most fastidishe knew are partially responsible for ous management. She was effective, the decline of the Chautauqua spirit,

too. It was said of her that she had were extolled. Appreciation of edurebooked every town she had visited cational was her emphasis. values—that

during the summer. The audience was held spellbound, for

But Bradley was different. Mary Mary's whole captivating self was in

had made friends as usual with the the talk. She closed with an appeal

committee and had formed a speaking to the elder members of the assembly or smiling acquaintance with every to provide for "these youngsters, who man, woman and child who came near are looking eagerly into my face as I the tent, but for some reason the contalk"the best of everything you can tract was not forthcoming. The combring to best music, the best them—the

mittee were obdurate. They were information, the highest ideals, the

tired of guaranteeing the business of cleanest entertainment, the most a Chautauqua bureau. Who guaranteed wholesome amusement. Nothing new

their business? Nobody. They took or startling in the talk, nothing chances, and if they lost, they met especially profound or eloquent. Just their losses like men. Besides, they

truth, and just Mary. were tired of the work and responsibility of ticket sales, and hunting loWhen she finished, the chairman of

cation for the tent, and putting up the Chautauqua committee arose from

Oct., 1929 MARY BASSETT'S BOMB 1009

his seat in the audience and said: than we ministers can do in a month

"Folks, we've been saying we don't of sermons."

want a Chautauqua, and I confess I've "Oh'you praise me too highly, been a leader against it, but I'm Reverend Smith,"she urged.

I amwrong. We do want a Chautauqua. "No, I'm not flattering you.

They say Miss Bassett has rebooked sincere,"the minister returned. Then

I ask,every town she has been in this sumin a tone half apologetic, "May mer, and we don't want to be behind Miss Bassett, to what denomination other communities. If Chautauqua's you belong?"

good for them, it's good for us, and There was an instant's hesitation as

I'm ready to be the first man to sign Miss Bassett flashed a quick glance it wasthe contract. How many men here over the assembled group, but

will join me?"only an instant. Looking Reverend

Smith squarely, courageously, appealThe six other members of the comingly in.the eye, she said simply:

mittee arose instantly, then others, "I am a Mormon."singly, by two's, by three's all over the A stir, like an electric shock, ranaudience, until the chairman said: through the people who heard. They

"That will do. There are 20 or tried to seem natural and unchanged,

more of you, and that's enough. That but their enthusiasm was gone. They

number insures little loss to each. Here, made their adieus and slipped away

Miss Bassett, let me have that blank."as quietly and quickly as was seemly.

In less than ten minutes the thing Soon Miss Bassett stood alone, looking was done. Twenty men had signed, curiously after her retreating admirers.

and the document had been turned She heaved a something as sigh—or

over to Miss Bassett, whose flaming, near like a sigh as her sunny nature cheeks and sparkling eyes gave emever perpetrated.

phasis to her words of thanks. "It's a funny world,"she said in

At the close of the session, a number an undertone, as she gathered up her of people gathered about the platform note books and papers and prepared manager to commend her speech and to to leave the platform.

express the hope that she could be At the top of the steps she paused with them the next year. Among the a moment, a gleeful look swept over

number was a minister, who grasped her face, and she uttered a triumphant her hand as he said earnestly: "Ha!"as she flourished aloft her con-

"Miss Bassett, you have done this tract with the twenty responsible community more good in half an hour names on the dotted line.

Now to say that I do not enjoy the volition of my own will just as much when I pray as when I swear is a false principle. It is false ground. The

man who swears has no more freedom and acts no more on his own will than the man who prays. The man who yields strict obedience to the will of

heaven acts upon the volition of his own will and exercises his own freedom just as much as when he was a slave to passion; and I think it is much better

and more honorable for us, whether children or adults, youthful, middleaged or old, it is better to live by and better to die by, to have our hearts pure, and to yield strict obedience to the principles of life which the Lord has revealed than to be a slave to sin and wickedness. All that the Lord requires

of us is strict obedience to the laws of life. Brigham Young.

Another Story of Achievement On May 19, 1929, President Heber J. Grant dedicated the Dimond ward

chapel in Oakland, California. This is one of the wards of the San Francisco

stake and deserves notice because of what its members have accomplished.

Barely five years before this dedication took place, the Sunday School was organized. One year later, May 17, 1925, it became a branch of the California mission. When the San Francisco stake was organized, July 10, 1927,

the Dimond ward became one of its units. The ward chapel was commenced

January 9, 1929, and on May 18, four months and nine days later, was completed, paid for and ready for dedication. All labor was donated, and dinner

was served every night to the workers during the construction. The cost

of the building, completed and furnished, was $35,000. No wonder there

are so many smiling faces in this group.

Bishop Thomas H. Robinson, his counselors and coworkers are to be

congratulated on their achievement.

Our readers will readily pick out President Grant, with Sister Grant nearby on his left.

President and Mrs. Heber J. Grant with the Bishopric and Sunday school of the

Dimond Ward. San Francisco Stake, at the Dedication of Their

New Ward Chapel. May 19. 1929.

From Within By Will Dobson "So at last we are ready to act,"They flock like sheep to hear his

Bryce Van Wyck finished. There was fanatical rot. Ought to be a radio

satisfaction in his tone. announcer. In fact, his radio cam-

"And Peace Day is the time,"Jim paign, and nothing else, put him in

Sherman added. the White House. But it can't keep

"Just a week from tomorrow,"him there, thank heaven."

Van Wyck affirmed. "Elected a voice for president!"

Van Wyck, whose prematurely Jim Sherman betrayed the bitter recolwhitening hair lent distinction to his lection of a disastrous presidential powerful frame and aggressive features, campaign. "His Peace Day speech will

had achieved fame as the most inbe relayed to every broadcasting station fluential figure in Wall Street. Jim in the nation. A big day for this

Sherman, well known railroad maghog-caller!"

nate from the Middle West, whose "A big day for Vicepresident Marshlean, dyspeptic aspect hid an amazing all,"Van Wyck meditated, "when he capacity for organization, was no less becomes President Marshall."

potent. These two, with the other "If nothing slips,"the canny Shersix seated about the table, repreman amended.

sented a staggering total of invested "Nothing will slip, Van Wyck asfinality.billions. Van t Wyck seemed to be scrted with

chairman of the meeting. There was "But if he suspects, Howard Ware,

no secretary. Apparently, the dethe world's richest pessimist, objected.

liberations were not of the sort that "Suppose he is shadowing us."

should be reduced to writing. "When he winks an eye, it is reflatly. They were in the office of Preferred ported to me,"Van Wyck stated

Industrials, a corporation so little "He doesn't suspect and he isn't trailits ing us. The entire personnel of theknown that an accurate account of

activities and holdings would have secret service is on our payroll. We

astounded the financial world. Small, have them watching not only him, but

struggling corporations gladly pay for each other."

publicity. Preferred Industrials "And his wife?"Ware persisted.

shunned it. Its inconspicuous office "And his wife,"Van Wyck anwas hidden among hundreds of others swered. "We are taking absolutely no

on the ninth floor of the Hanna Buildchances."

ing, in a crowded section of New "Ought to work out according to

York's financial district. plan,"the cautious Ware conceded.

It was rearing midnight. The "It will,"Van Wyck replied with

business of the evening had been finemphasis. We have spent close to a

ished, but was still the subject of inyear and very nearly ten million dolwe'll formal discussion. lars on this reorganization—as

"It is estimated that all of six call it. Every detail has been worked

I hundred thousand people will be gathout with mathematical precision. As

ered at the capital for the Peace Day have already explained, we will let this program,"Van Wyck stated. "This 'Cowboy President'reach the climax

president from the deserts of the Wild of his Peace Day speech; then the

West seems to hypnotize the mob. confusion of the final applause and

Oct.. 19291012 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the breaking up of the crowd will "He'll listen to the argument of an enable us to create a panic that will automatic,"Sherman snarled.

cover our every movement. Nothing "This plan of ours,"Van Wyck

can be traced. All clues will be admonished, "we must supervise ourlost, swallowed up in the milling mob. selves. It is practically automatic as

The instant this gunman, 'Bearcat worked out, and yet we must take

Benny,'has done his part, he will drop double precautions. The final details

in his tracks, his gun still smoking can be discussed on the morning set, in his hands. Two of Chicago's at some appointed place at the capital

specialists have been imported to take to be determined later. Are there any

care of that."questions?"

Van Wyck went on, "This will There were none.

divert suspicion from the president's "There seems to be nothing more, bodyguard, keep Bearcat Benny from then,"he announced after a brief doublecrossing us later on, and rid the pause. "We are adjourned."

earth of a criminal who should have "Hands up!"

been in the electric chair long ago."The sharp command cut through

"But how about Marshall? You're the stir of adjournment with startling

An unmasked intrudersure we'll have no trouble with him?"suddenness.

the apprehensive Ware asked. stood back of the chair Van Wyck had

just vacated. The two wicked look- "We have Marshall where he can't ing automatics in his hands were consquirm."Van Wyck answered with a vincing. The hands went up.

grim smile. "He'll be good. Under "Line up!"With an awkward

him the administration will return to shuffling a ragged line was formed.

sanity. Enough senatorial statesmen

"Back against the.wall!"The lineand congressional patriots have been

backed.taken care of so that no laws can be

passed over Marshall's veto. This has "You there,"one wicked looking

muzzle pointed to Van Wyck, "takebeen the most expensive item in our two steps this way."Van Wyckoperations, but it's worth the money."

obeyed. "Then,"sighed Ware dolefully, "I "Now then,"the bandit addressedhope the infernal gloom that has blanketed Wall Street ever since this the group in a threatening tone, "keep

Robert Lansing's inauguration will be the hands well up. Don't get me

nervous."With a moment's grim surlifted."

vey of the dejected looking line, as "Inauguration was when we should if to see that his words sank in, he have acted,"Jim Sherman growled pocketed one automatic while his left savagely. "This moralizing Mussolini hand explored Van Wyck's clothing.

of ours wasn't nearly so strong. This First satisfying himself that his vicwouldn't have caused half the fuss tim had no weapons concealed on

that it will now. I said so at the him, he appropriated a fat wallet and

time."let him step back into line while an-

"I know,"Van Wyck acknowlother took his place. He was sucedged. "You were right. But I had ceeded by another, and so on until

hoped to avoid extreme measures. I all had been searched and relieved of

thought we could deal with Lansing. their pocket books.

They all have their others. "Huh!"the robber grunted his conprice—the

But he fooled me. Doesn't seem tempt. "Not a gun in the bunch.

human. Our best laid plan couldn't You're the kind that hire their work

dent that fanatic's stubborn predone."

judice."Eight rifled pocket books lay on

Oct.. 1929 FROM WITHIN 1013

the tabic. Their contents, mostly bills As if in answer to this outburst,

with lovely yellow backs, had disapthere came the sound of the turning peared into various pockets of the of the spring lock on the closet door.

bandit's cheap blue serge suit. Again The door was opened, disclosing a

both guns were trained on the gloomy panting guard.

line. There came an uncomfortable "Good work, Hart!"Van Wyck

pause. Their captor seemed to be complimented. "I call that service."

studying. The silence seemed agelong "Mr. Barlow sent me as soon as he

while he was making up his mind. got your signal, sir,"Hart answered

as soon as he got his breath. "They're

"Open that door back of you,"he all on the lookout, inside and out."

commanded Hammond at last. The Van Wyck took time to explain to

door was opened, disclosing a closet. his mystified friends with a smile of

It had only the one outlet. satisfaction: "I was able to push the

"Just the thing,"the gunman alarm button while you were all growled with evident satisfaction. crowding in."

in! I've Hart's eyes bulged at the sight on"Crowd in. Go on—shove

no time to waste."the table. Van Wyck was already at

The tiny room was a tight fit for the telephone.

eight. The jamming process took "You, Barlow?"he demanded.

time. Van Wyck, the last one in, had "Caught anyone yet? * * * Yes:

seemed to loiter deliberately. held us up. Keep that line tight. Be-

"Hey, you!"the impatient yegg gin a search of the building. I'll be

admonished him, "what do you think right down."

this is, a plumber's reunion?"Barlow met Van Wyck at the eleThe heavy fireproof door, built to vator door in the basement. There

protect records, slammed on the was suppressed excitement in his mangloomy group. The light switch was ner.

outside, so they were left in a suffo- "Tried to call you again, Mr. Van

cating black night. To sit would Wyck. Think we've got him. Come

have been impossible, even had there and look at this bird."He led his

been anything to sit on. chief back to a supply room in the

"Sweet time ahead!"Hammond rear. They found a prisoner handgrunted sourly. "Say, Van, where cuffed to a guard.

is that ring of guards you were sup- "That's the man!"Van Wyck

posed to have around this place?"exclaimed with a vast relief. "He's

The light of day would have shown changed his clothes, but it's the lad.

a furtive gleam of amusement in Van Where did you pick him up?"

Wyck's eye, showing that he did not "At this hour,"Barlow explained, share the general gloom. "the janitors are emptying the waste

"Still around it, I hope. Jim,"he baskets. This egg, it seems, ties the

answered mildly. tenthfloor janitor in a closet and takes

"Hmph!"Hammond snorted. his coveralls and cap. Then he loads

"A hundred men and can't keep out a the big cans of waste paper on that common holdup!"floor onto the freight elevator and

"Was he a common holdup,"Van shoots down to the basement with

Wyck queried, "Suppose he was a 'em. The boys pick him up the minsmooth detective."ute they spot him. There's a chute

"Detective!"Hammond howled as for waste paper. A regular janitor

if he had been stung. "Why, you just would know it. He'd dump it down

got through telling us we were not the chute."

suspected!""Find anything on him?"

Oct.. 19291014 IMPROVEMENT ERA

"A wicked pair of weapons, some quiet Washington hotel. He went to

keys and things."the telephone.

"Better have the boys take a look "Hello; Jim?"He had called

around. He cleaned us out."another modest inn. "Be over in a

"I'll see to it myself."few minutes. I've some good news."

"No; you and I have something Hammond was in his room waiting.

more important to do."He led BarHe met Van Wyck at the door.

low into another room. "I can see it's good news,"he greet-

"It's possible this holdup covers ed his friend. "Must be about the

something for us. I'm janitor we sent on his vacation."worse—worse rejoiced. "Moreafraid this man was here to shadow us. "It is,"Van Wyck

just good. I have never decodedWe will assume that at any rate. We than

a more comforting message. Here,must take no chances. We shouldn't

lose a second getting him out of reach read it yourself."He handed Hamof his aides, just in case he has aides. mond a typed memorandum.

They would likely have instructions "Passenger listed by your -special where to look for him if he doesn't instructions under the name of John return to them within a certain time. Smith swept overboard in fog last

We must get him away from here at night stop attempts at rescue futile."

once; in fact, get him beyond the It was signed by the captain of the

twelvemile limit. We're not safe as steamship Orion.

long as he is within the jurisdiction Passing it back, Hammond looked of the Federal government. I have a at his friend thoughtfully for a

steamer, the Orion, clearing for Rio moment.

in a few hours. We must get him "Good as far as it goes,"he proaboard."nounced. "One of the casualties of

Fifteen minutes later, Van Wyck's this war of ours. We had to do it."

powerful car shot out from behind the "It goes a long way, Jim. You'll

Hanna Building and turned its nose say so when I tell you what goes with toward the docks, making a sleepy it."

policeman sidestep as it sped through "Shoot. What does?"

the almost empty streets. In it were "I had them fingerprint him and

Van Wyck, his driver, Barlow, the send me the prints. That was an

fake janitor and two guards. escaped lifer named Charley Pace. He

"I set the boys looking for the belonged in Joliet."

kale,"Barlow told his employer. "Great!"Hammond rejoiced. "That

"Right."Van Wyck answered abcleans the slate for action tomorrow.

trail at all."sently. "We can just make the dock He was not on our

in time if nothing stops us.""I feel safer with him at the bottom

"Say!"The man in coveralls sudof the Atlantic,"Van Wyck condenly demanded, seeming to realize for fessed. "He'll tell no tales."

the first time that he was not on his "The only place for him,"Hamway to jail. "Where's this bus taking mond agreed callously. "We can't

me? You can't get away with stuff help a few casualties."

like this. I got my friends. They "No; but I'll be glad when we're

don't stand for nothin'like this."through,"Van Wyck sighed. "I don't

"Don't worry, friend,"Van Wyck like them."

assured him. "A pleasant sea voyage "Now Van, don't get sentimental,"

and a nice long rest won't hurt you. Hammond chided. "The main casualty

You'll love it."is yet to come. You can't afford to

It was the day before Peace Day. get softhearted until after tomorrow."

Van Wyck had found a room in a "Don't worry, Jim,"Van Wyck

Oct., 1929 FROM WITHIN 1015

assured his friend, "I had all the unsuspected herd instincts. He felt

sentiment knocked out of me long bemost powerfully drawn and held to fore I came of age. Heaven knows I this swaying, murmuring jam of

was softhearted enough as a boy. But humans. An unaccountable sense of

it didn't fit into my particular life adventure possessed him, and a feeling

Itplans. When casualties are necessary, of buoyant, irresponsible youth.

casualties go."was hard to keep his mind on the day's

"That's the talk,"Hammond apwork. He realized that a great event

he must depended on hisproved. "You're in charge of this nod—that

civil war of ours. No lettting down keep himself in hand, alert for every

detail of the task. What he had to donow."

was perfectly simple. It had been well "Nothing could turn me from it,"planned and carefully rehearsed. ItVan Wyck declared positively. We was in such competent hands that heare to seize the most powerful governfelt no doubt of its success. It wasment the world has ever known. It now merely a matter of seeing thatappeals to my imagination."certain ones were posted at certain

"Absolutely!"Hammond applaudpoints in readiness for a certain signal

ed. "What are a few casualties?"at a certain moment, and that when

It was early morning of that imhe gave the signal they obeyed. He

pressive national anniversary, Peace studied the crowd until he was sure

Day. Van Wyck had just dismissed every man was in his place and had

his colleagues from their final meeting. seen him. The crowd was becoming

He stood now surveying himself beas dense as he desired. Every factor

fore a mirror. seemed favorable.

"That will have to do,"he told By standing on tiptoe, Van Wyck himself. "I must avoid anything that could manage to look out over the

looks like a deliberate disguise."heads of the crowd. He could see and

The loose, cheaplooking singlebe seen clearly enough for his purpose.

breasted coat and baggy trousers he So he was content to remain hidden had donned were in such utter conin his place, having no interest in the trast to his usual faultless attire as parade and other features of the Peace hardly to need the ragged white stubble Day program. It was more intereston his chin and the somewhat battered ing to listen to the murmur of converhat over his eyes to make his disguise sation about him.

in front ofalmost complete. When he assumed Two Westerners just

a slouching pose the effect was all he him were especially interesting. They

could ask. proved to be father and son. The

"Not one chance in a thousand,"father's stature was such that he could he thought, of being seen by anyone easily look out over the heads of the in the part of the crowd, but the son's head and shouldwho knows me—not

crowd where I am to be stationed."ers towered yet higher above the sea of

In the gathering throng and wedged faces, like a sunburned, windtanned between jostling shoulders of men human lighthouse.

mostly taller than himself, he felt "There he is!"Van Wyck heard

safer than ever. He had other feelings, the father exclaim as a vast roar of

too, unaccustomed feelings, these. It applause indicated that President Lanwas his first contact in years at such sing had taken his place on the balclose quarters with men who sweat cony from which he was to review the

for their living. He now saw his parade. "Same old Bob!"Van Wyck

fellowcitizens from a new angle. The gathered that the speaker had known

close physical contact awakened dim, the president in the West, judged that

Oct., 19291016 IMPROVEMENT ERA

he must be an old friend come to visit over him. They put him in the

him. wrong. It would not do.

see the parade, "Most bowing I ever seen Bob do,"Van Wyck could not the voice resumed, after the applause but as he did not care to, he contented it. Behad died away. "But that smile of himself with the comments on

his I'd know in Jericho. Bob must fore he could realize it, the other events

hate being cooped up in a city. Don't of the day were over and the time had

see how he stands it. All this noise arrived for President Lansing's speech.

to note how theand excitement. Especially on a day Van Wyck smiled

Tike this. Would drive me crazy."father and son in front of him stiffened

to attention as if afraid some syllable "They learn to like it, I guess,"the of their president's words might escapeson responded. "They couldn't live

them.without all this handclapping and fuss.

It turns their heads."He knew when the president rose to

his feet by the roar of applause that "Not Bob's!"The father declared shook the vast assemblage. It was positively. "Never in the world. Too followed by a solemn hush. After a much of the sap of the sagebrush in moment, potent with suspense, there his blood. He's worked too hard and came to Van Wyck's ears a mild and lived too clean."

amazingly pleasant voice. Penetrating,

"Guess he's human, Dad."The too, a little more than a whisper, it

young giant smiled cynically. seemed at that distance, yet it carried

"Well, he might be, Bert,"his to his very soul with a sureness and father conceded thoughtfully, "but force he could not undertsand.

I've seen times I doubted it.""Oratory!"was his mental sneer.

Van Wyck found the pair most in- "Theatrical! He has a gift for sound

teresting. They felt uncomfortable, effects."Yet, the hypnotic power of

he could see, in business suits, as well that "oratory"caught and held his as out of place in a crowd. But to see rapt attention.

"Bob"they would undergo anything. "My fellowcitizens,"the voice

These products of desert sun and hardbegan. "It is my earnest desire that my

ship were entirely new to Van Wyck's words today may come to you, not so experience. When for a moment the much from the lips of your president,

son, Bert, had turned his head to gaze as from the heart of your brother.

back over his shoulder, Van Wyck had Only so can they reach into your souls been struck by the look of utter fearand awaken the flame of your conless honesty he saw. It was alien to science.

Van Wyck's present world. It took "Today, Peace Day, belongs to one

him back ta ideals of his own youth, man. It is peculiarly his. That man

buried many years ago. has been called the Prince of Peace. We

"A boob for a day!"He told himknow him best as Jesus, the Son of

self. "These clothes and this crowd Mary. We call him so because he gave

will be the ruin of me if I don't watch us the Golden Rule: 'Do ye unto

my step. All sorts of fool fancies."others as ye would that others should

He tried to shake off the strangely new do unto you.'In these words is emstate of mind, but it was annoyingly bodied the whole philosophy of Peace.

persistent. He found himself looking * * * Another sentence of his conat life from a different viewpoint, that tains the entire philosophy of governof a friend of Robert viewment. Just one short saying—seven Lansing—a

point that could not possibly fit in magic words. They contain the enwith the day's work. He resented the tire body of the law, merely that quiet,

power these sons of the desert had unassuming statement: 'The Kingdom

Oct., 1929 FROM WITHIN 1017

of God is within you.'Not new "Not even a president,"Van Wyck

yet, not old. Simply eternal. I would thought with a smile.

write them in the heart of every "Not even a president,"the voice

American citizen in letters of living went on, as if in answer to Van fire. Wyck's inward thought.

"For in those words lies the only "Suppose that today, for example, some powerful group among you haspossible cure for the ills that afflict our political life. The cure that comes planned to seize this government. That

from within. * * * As your presito this end conspirators have decreed

assassination, that they control thedent, I have sworn to enforce the law, my to uphold the sacred Constitution that secret service, even these trusted few their president. Supposestands back of the law. This I shall who guard

a hired asdo to the best of my ability. And that at this very moment

yet, after all, the burden of this ensassin stands waiting for the agreed forcement is not on me, your president, signal, his finger on the trigger of his but on each of you as citizens. Nor automatic."

is it possible for me to relieve you of These words brought a dramatic it. hush. The silence was electric. Breath-

"Obedience to law is from within. ing was suspended. The crowd seemed

God himself cannot change this eternal too tense under the strain of an imas is from pending crisis. The president stood dictum. True government

within. Unless it be from within, if really challenging an assassin.

he knows something! There's you are slaves, officials are tyrants. No "Dad,

man can be truly free if his freedom a plot!"Van Wyck's bemused brain

does not come from within. He must caught from somewhere beyond the

know and live these words of Christ: daze that held it.

'The kingdom of God is within you.'"Ssh! Listen!"came the father's

They do not abolish the civil law. monitory hiss.

presiThey give it the power and dignity "It is my serene faith,"the that is its due."dent's voice resumed tranquilly, "that

So the president's words swept on. should I be carried from here today,

carrying that spellbound audience by my last breath drawn, this government an indefinable power that melted the of yours would still go on to a truer heart, rather than by any mere human justice; that the American ideal would

logic. still stand supreme in your hearts; that

"Trying to impress the lowbrows,"the old corrupt order could not rule was Van Wyck's feeble attempt at again; that you as citizens would stand

scorn. "Doing it, too,"he was forced invincible, freed by that ageless dictum:

is from withto admit. He tried to keep his mind 'The Kingdom of God "

hold it to the comin.'off the theme—to

ing drama. But he must be alert for Bryce Van Wyck's mind came back

the closing word, ready to give the to earth with a jar. The speech was

fateful signal. To listen, yet not to finished! The signal! He must give the

unmistakable negawas his problem. He signal! He did—an hear—that

tive. laughed at himself, a child—letting

this maudlin stuff affect him. Another There was an instant's silence. A

sentence caught his ear. ripple of applause gathered, swelled,

"No man is indispensable; no official deepened, broke at last into a mighty

a march, but the but can be very easily replaced. This roar. A band began

is a corollary of democracy. The man strains were drowned in the frenzy

is not important."of a magnificent ovation.

Jim Bridger Encounters Red Men

By Carter E. Grant, Principal of the Jordan Seminary

(Note: This is the fourth of a scries of frontier narratives written by the same author. The former

articles were: "In the Death Grip of the Grizzly,""On the Trail Ahead of the 'Mormons,'"and

"When Jed met the Comanchcs."The next article will be "The First White Man to see the Great

Salt Lake.")

It is said that "Buffalo Bill'(Colby Whitman and his wife, the halfonel William F. Cody) was first introbreed girl having been sent there to be

duced to the Wild West by "Mouneducated in the white man's ways. One

tain Jim,"as Buffalo Bill later reof Bridger's daughters, Virginia, by a ferred to James Bridger. He stated Ute mother, born in the mountains at

that Bridger knew the western portion Fort Bridger on July 4, 1849, was of the United States better than any still well and hearty, October, 1924, other man of his time. As if to parwhen the picture was taken, found on

take of the wilderness atmosphere in page 476 of "James Bridger"by Alter.

its fullest extent and of savage life in She was then living on her farm near particular, Jim married at least three Kansas City, Mo.

dusky maidens, first, a Flathead; While the interest in matrimony is

second, a Ute; and third, a trim still fresh, let us read Col. Triplett's

damsel, daughter of a Snake chief. narrative regarding one of Bridger's

Colonel Frank Triplett, in "Conwives. The adventurous lover, it

quering the Wilderness,"declares that seems, was surrounded and made pristhis white chief, Bridger, also possessed oner, but due to the shrewdness of hisa Blackfoot squaw, a mountain housedusky sweetheart, the warriors withwife or lodge supervisor; for during their threatening hatchets were turned

Bridger's days "not a few of the trapfrom the empty lodge of their escaped pers followed the Indian custom of prisoner. Here follows the singular taking a plurality of wives, and such

bold mountain men as Jim found no tale:

difficulty in obtaining for themselves "Bridger's visit to the village had the pick of the chief's daughters."been made for the sake of a brightReverend Samuel Parker, who with eyed and handsome young squaw, who

Dr. Marcus Whitman arrived on the had returned with interest the sudden

Green River as missionaries to the affections of the young white trapper.

he was taken captive to the Indians twelve years ahead of the When "Mormon"migration, writes, "in this lodge, she at first determined to hasten place I parted with Captain Bridger to the blockhouse and notify his comre- and his party who went northeast inrades so that they might demand his to the mountains to their hunting lease, but fearing an attack in which grounds. The first chief of the Flatsome of her relations might be killed,

and during which her lover would cerheads and his family (including Bridger's wife), with a few of his people, tainly be assassinated, she chose the wiser course of endeavoring to effect went with Captain Bridger."Twelve

years later, 1847, when the "Whithis release herself.

man Massacre"occurred on the Colum- "This she felt would be an easy bia River, one of the granddaughters matter when she found that owing to of this Flathead chief, "Mary Ann a division of counsels the discussion

Bridger,"then eleven years old, was would be prolonged until late in the attending the mission school conducted night. Making her way as noiselessly

Oct.. 1929 JIM BRIDGER ENCOUNTERS RED MEN 1019

as possible toward the lodge, she dising out, Bridger came into camp, folcovered a sentinel posted before its lowed by his Blackfoot bride, his door. Crouching almost to the earth, horses evidently having seen quite a

she crept away, and from another hard time, but the young people quarter crawled to the back of the tent, looked radiant and happy."

where, after satisfying herself that she We are told that when it was neceshad not been seen or heard by the sary to match the savages tricky warrior on guard, she cut a long slit maneuvering, Jim could move as slyly in the buffalo skin curtain and entered as the most wily moccasined red man;

the lodge. Here she found Bridger still, given an opportunity for open

tugging away at his bonds, and placwar-fare, he invariably proved himing her hand over his mouth to preself as fearless. Each mode of war

vent an exclamation, she cut the rawprocedure, so Bridger found, was a hide thongs and motioned for him to necessary prerequisite to the mountainfollow her. man's preservation. Men, yes, brave

"Slowly and silently they emerged and strong! But those coming into

from the tent and stole away from the the western wilderness and refusing, village, and here, after some counsel as "Braddocklike,"to learn to scrimto the best way to avoid the sentinels mage among trees, rocks and bushes, and pursuit that would soon be made, soon forfeited their scalps to the thirsty she left him. Before parting, however, Blackfeet or the deceitful Utes, who,

she agreed that whether there was peace after stripping their victims naked, or war between her people and his, very often mutilated the bodies. Of

she would meet him in a certain grove such an outrage on the Oregon Trail, of pinions at the base of a distant peak William S. Brackett in "Bonneville

which she pointed out. and Bridger"writes, "The last Sun-

'After one hundred moons (meanday in June was a bright and peaceful ing days), I will meet you there,'she day. Our men were cleaning up their

said; then holding her to his breast a arms, saddles and equipment. Quite

moment, the trappper tore himself a number of our best shots had gone away and vanished down the steep off into the hills hunting. There was

cliffs. When out of sight, the Blackno thought of Indians, for no Indians

foot maiden stole leisurely back into had been seen by us for many days.

the village and was soon slumbering in Late in the afternoon as the men were her paternal lodge. The sequel to this starting the fires to cook supper, we

little romance was Bridger's marriage, saw a strange white man riding toward after the Indian fashion, with the our camp in hot haste. Down the

young squaw, who was afterward able valley he swiftly came, until he was to render many favors and benefits to stopped by one of our outpost guards the white men. who rode forward to meet him. After

"As the fall drew on, his brother a short parley his tired horse came trappers noticed that Bridger was lookgalloping to our camp.

ing ahead to some important event, "'Indians! Indians!'he shouted as

and keeping a notchstick with unusual he threw himself off his horse and assiduity, and at last when this was came up to our officer. The man repretty nearly filled with the triangular ported that his camp five miles back marks, Bridger saddled his horse, and to the eastward, on the ground we leading another, set out for the mountains, bearing toward a certain towerpassed over the day before, had been

ing peak that loomed up above its felattacked and that two men were killed.

lows like Saul amongst his brother A few questions were asked him by

Israelites. On the fifth day after startBridger (who was guiding our comOct.. 19>91020 IMPROVEMENT ERA

pany) and then the bugle rang out found the young man lying dead upon boots and saddles.'the ground, "Three bullets had pierced

"Twenty picked men, under a serhis body, and he was also scalped and geant, were ordered to proceed at once mutilated. A dozen arrows bristled

to the scene of the tragedy. Several horribly upward from his prostrate

others were permitted to accompany corpse. With fiendish malignity the

the force, one of our federal judges and savages had cut off his ears, nose, and myself among the number. James the fingers of his left hand, and laid

Bridger was ordered to go along also, them on his body. Both eyes were

and carefully to observe all Indian obliterated and other dreadful brutalsigns and to make a report to our comities had been enacted which are simmander. ply unspeakable. All around on the

rice, "We learned from the strange man ground the Indians had scattered as we rode along that his wagon train flour, coffee and sugar in their hasty of twelve or fifteen wagons had been plundering of the wagons. Of course,

straggling along the trail in single line, they carried off both, horses."Then

and that when the rear wagon was far because they completely vanished, the marauders remained unpunished, waitbehind and out of sight, a war party of Indians had suddenly swooped ing in gleeful anticipation among hiddown upon it, had killed both men and den ravines and swales, thirsting for more plunder, always catching the had run off with the team of horses.

"After a hard gallop of some five stragglers. Thus moved the daily program of the West, even as late as 1862, miles, we came up with the emigrants when this tragedy occurred. in camp. The wagons were parked

in a circle with their horses and fires as to Bridger's early life: James

Va., in Richmond, Bridger born was inside, and armed men marched about iNow 1 ftQfand was the third March YL on guard.

"I was riding with Bridger over child. There were two boys and one

a long hill when we came upon the girl. Eight years later, 1812, with his

wagon that had been attacked, and the parents and brother and sister, he was horribly mutilated bodies of the two caught in the tide of the prevailing men. About a hundred yards from western movement. Jim was swept

the wagon on the trail we came first to down to St. Louis, a thriving trading

the body of an old man. At the inJpost of some fifteen hundred people on

stant of attack he had probably jumped the very outskirts of civilization. Here,

out and run toward the other far off indeed, thrived a restless heterogeneous life, wagons. He was shot through the back group, representing every walk of

and his head was fairly chopped to farmers, traders, trappers, lawyers and pieces with tomahawks, and the axe outlaws; negroes free, negro slaves and

taken from the wagon lay beside him, slavedrivers; Indians and halfbreeds,

covered with blood. His body was orthodox and heterodox, and not a few

filled with arrows, and he was scalped other classes, all inordinately twisted and horribly mutilated. into the frontier city of the West. It

"Bridger calmly dismounted, knelt seems that these Missourians were half on the ground and closely examined brothers to the slave holders of New the footprints around the body. Then Orleans, the strata of humanity that

he pulled three arrows from the old annoyed and vexed the broadminded man's corpse and closely examined Lincoln when, a quarter of a century them. 'Arapahoes and Cheyennes,'later, he drifted down the Mississippi.

he said, as he followed the blood From St. Louis, in 1827, went the

creases on the arrows with critical original "land stakers"of Jackson eyes. County, Missouri, and the village of

Upon going to the wagon they Independence in particular. They

Oct.. 1929 JIM BRIDGER ENCOUNTERS RED MEN 1021

owned the "Temple Site"and the "young nation"on the move! Think

"Place of the New Jerusalem"when of it, this whole body of religious worJoseph the Prophet arrived in 1831, shipers living in five different states in and received the following revelation: seventeen years, and ending in the

miles"Hearken, O ye elders of my church, Rocky Mountains, two thousand saith the Lord your God, who have west of its original home, New York assembled yourselves together, accordState.

ing to my commandments, in this land, Within six years after the Bridgers which is the land of Missouri, which is reached St. Louis, misfortune struck

the land which I have appointed and them, sweeping away father, mother, consecrated for the gathering of the brother and sister, leaving the fourteenSaints. Wherefore this is the land of yearold "Jim"a full fledged orphan,

promise and the place for the city of alone in the world, "Ruth and Naomi"

Zion. * * * Behold the place like, only he lacked the persuading inwhich is now called Independence is vitation of returning to his kindred.

the center place; and a spot for the Seemingly, nevertheless, he soon fell

temple is lying westward, upon a lot upon good gleaning with his "Boaz,"which is not far from the courthouse."the town blacksmith. Here by the

Doc. and Cov. 57:1-3. straining bellows, the glowing forge

Accordingly on Aug. 3, 1831, eight and ringing anvil, he hammered out

men gathered west of the courthouse, the beginning of his later success. Acand as George Q. Cannon writes it, cepting his responsibility, Jim rose un-

"The prayer of dedication was offered der its pressure. Although he received

by the Prophet himself; and his promno schooling, learning neither to read

ises and supplications to heaven upon nor write, a common thing in his home that spot have sanctified it for time, town, still he mastered his trade as testified to by "brokenand while earth shall endure."One many times

can imagine the reckless curiosity down"outfits, reaching his fort on the aroused among the villagers regarding Green River.

the "Mormon"claims: "the land of During Jim's four years at his trade,

their inheritance,""the place of the rough men of the wilderness, lounging

New Jerusalem,""the site of the great about the shop, spun off western stories temple."Of the difficulties three years by the yard, always ending in victory,

later and the expelling of twelve huncoming with boats laden with yellow dred "Mormons,"we shall have somefurs, bringing home fortunes! "Why

thing to add in another narrative. It hammer away at the hot, smoky anmight be well to note here, however, vil,"he reasoned, "when the great

that James Bridger was one year older West is calling?"Such seeds, abunthan Joseph Smith and three years dantly nourished in fertile soil, were

younger than Brigham Young, and soon blooming. Then came his

seemingly not altogether a stranger to chance! In the Missouri Republican

"Mormonism"when he met Brigham of March 20, 1822, there appeared this

Young in the Rockies in 1847. notice: "To enterprising young men.

The Bridger family with many The subscriber wishes to engage one others partook of this restless urge hundred young men to ascend the Miswhich, during the first half of the ninesouri river to its source, there to be teenth century, fairly thrust men onto employed for one, two, or three years.

the frontier, pushing them into the For particulars inquire of Major Anmost distant nooks, scattering them drew Henry, near the lead mines in the from the Atlantic to the Pacific. Even county of Washington, who will ascend

the story of the "Mormon"Church, with and command the party; or of

itself, during the second quarter of the the subscriber near St. Louis. Signed,

century is a thrilling narration of a William H. Ashley."

Oct.. 19291022 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Enough said! Off went the leather knowing that with the disappearing of

apron. Down fell the tools. The tall, the horses, heavier burdens were to fall

broadshouldered, eighteenyear-old upon them. We are told that flaring

Jim was ready, and from that day until phrases, spouting like the roaring forge death closed his wanderings, more than itself, shot from the lips of Jim, the fifty years later, the West afforded him blacksmith. This first drink from the

a roomy playground. (Bridger died cup of Red Man treachery, however,

four years after Brigham Young.) was not to be Jim's last. Right here

The young blacksmith acted none too began his persistent vigilance, and it soon, for already the necessary one was his eternal distrust of the Indian hundred men had applied. Jedediah that destined his survival while many

S. Smith, of whom we have been readless observant companions fell. A few

ing, reached St. Louis too late, and was months later, as Neihardt pictures this

forced to wait over and go with Ashley group, "gaunt with toil and privations, the next spring. long haired and bewhiskered, bronzed

Of Bridger's long, perplexing jourwith sun and wind of the wilderness, ney up the Missouri, tugging overtime and clad in halfsavage garb,"they arat the "cordelle line,"dragging the rived on the Yellowstone.

heavy keel boats some three weeks beLittle did the trappers, then realize, fore Jed Smith, their future comrade that the majority of the crew had seen and leader, had set foot upon the St. "for the last time the smoke of the

Louis landing (coming from Ohio) home fires pluming skyward. Some

these hundred men, with two keel boats were to disappear like yonder hearthloaded with trapping supplies and reek, leaving no hint of the manner of goods for the Indian trade, had begun their passing; and others, (like Jim)

the long ascent of the Missouri under bewitched by the wild life and the vast the leadership of Major Henry. Genfree spaces of the wilderness, would

eral Ashley had accompanied them, inshed, as an uncomfortable coat, the intending to ascend to the mouth of the heritance of the ages, lapsing into the

Yellowstone and return to the States primitive, never again to long for the in the fall. Ill fortune, however, was snug comforts and predetermined ways

not lacking. While still in the state of of civilization."We are informed that

Missouri, one of the keel boats, heavily in and around Fort Henry the stealthy, laden with valuable goods, had become revengeful "Lamanites", rightfully unmanageable while crossing the turpossessing the huntinggrounds because bulent stream and, drifting against a of tribal occupancy of legendary date, visitors irksnag, was staved and sunk. No lives made the way of the white

had been lost, but the cargo, valued at some by day and hideous by night.

$10,000, had gone to the bottom."Very often the returning boats, in

At the village of the Ree Indians place of being heaped with golden near the mouth of the Grand river packs of peltries, were empty, and the (South Dakota), fifty horses recently repulsed trappers, bearing heavy losses purchased from the Rees, were stolen in men and outfits, retreated precipiby "a band of Assiniboines that had tately, completely defeated.

no doubt been spying upon the AmerJim's first bloodstained introducicans for days, swooping down upon tion to western savagery, roaring guns the impotent horse guards at a time and crashing tomahawks, was at Prywhen the main body with the keel boat or's Fork on the Yellowstone in the had crossed to the opposite shore."spring of 1823, when a surprise attack

Nearly a hundred wellarmed men from the Blackfeet ended in the death looked on helplessly, but being out of and scalping of a number of trappers, range could do nothing but curse the including the group leaders, Messrs.

vexatious and troublesome savages, Immel and Jones. Bridger seeing this

Oct., 1929 JIM BRIDGER ENCOUNTERS RED MEN 1023

ghastly affair began to realize his own or possibly two of these words. For

gamble with death, at the hands of a which symbol did our Pilgrim fathers hidden enemy intensely real and seemseek? What satisfied the greed of the

ingly always present. Spaniards in America? Why did Jim

As the summer wore on, Major Bridgcr come West? What brought

Henry began expecting the reenforcethe "Mormons,"swarming like bees to ments under Ashley, for the general the mountains?

had returned to St. Louis, the fall beBe the passionate pursuit of trapper

fore, ready to bring the second hundred and explorer what it may, on their trail men in the spring. It was with this followed the pioneer and colonizer, the

company that Jed Smith was now plow, the harrow and harvester.

making his way toward the YellowWhile Major Henry impatiently stone. At the approach of a hundred waited on the Yellowstone, General

more trappers, their horses and outfits, William H. Ashley and his men were

the red men sitting about their warbeing disastrously defeated by the Ree fires looked anxiously from one to anIndians, some two hundred miles beother, cleaning rifles, polishing knives low, near the mouth of the Cheyenne and tomahawks, and chatting more river (South Dakota). Neihardt invigorously than usual. That they forms us that after most of the "horses

meant business of the rougher sort was had been rolled"and many hired trapcertain, for "the Indian had spoken! pers had shamefully retreated, that

The winding Missouri pathway must Jedediah S. Smith and his fighting

be closed!"But they did not know friends could hold out no longer. "Dethat the white man, also had spoken, serted by their comrades, with half

and though hundreds perished on the their number either dead or wounded, trail today, as did Colonel Custer and they realized at last the folly of further his brave band, still tomorrow the resistance. Leaping into the river, they

number would be doubled, while other struck out after the boats. Some mishundreds knocked at the western ticket calculating the strength of the current,

office, eager to swing into the tide, were swept away and lost. Others of

piercing the frontier, skirting the the wounded went down and were seen streams and distant ridges, viewing the no more. Several were shot, as they

wonders of the unexplored Yellowswam, and disappeared."

stone Park and pushing overland to In a letter written two days after the western sea. the battle to Major O'Fallon, Indian

As one looks back on the race pilagent at Fort Atkinson, at the mouth grimage, flocking to the Atlantic seaof the Platte some four hundred mile;

board, then through the gaps of the down stream where the wounded were coast ranges, up the Mississippi and the carried in boats. Ashley set down for

St. Lawrence; down the Ohio and up posterity the full story of his woes and

the Missouri, the Platte and Arkansas; his hatred of the red man. (South

over the vast prairies and Rocky MounDakota Collection, Vol. I, also refertains, checked only by the stretches of red to by H. C. Dale in "Ashley

rolling waters beyond; one marvels at Smith Explorati ns.") When Genthe dynamic curiosity impelling it all! eral Ashley got his men together, exMen at that time as well as today, plaining the dire need of immediate

craving the unknown, gambled their reenforcements from Henry, and called lives in unique and strange undertakfor volunteers, but one man stepped ings, seeking not the "three R's"but forward, that being the young "Chrisrather the "three G's"—"gold, God, tian trapper,"Jed Smith. Being

and glory!"The driving force backSmith's first trip into the broken

ing every discoverer from Columbus on country, Ashlev prevailed upon an down in history seems to lie within one older head, a FrenchCanadian. BapOct.. 19291024 IMPROVEMENT ERA

tiste, to accompany the American. antiIndian equipment into the river

Following four days of thrilling exboats, then, as soon as the messengers periences as Dale records it, and "unswallowed their first warm meal in dergoing severe hardships and escaping days, the noisy crew, shouting an Indeath, or worse, on several occasions, dian warsong, sped off toward the

Smith and his companion finally battle. Although this was Smith and

together, by noreached the post."Immediately the Brid8er s first )omY w *s l of ans be *!"esteem "the Jed hadmagnetic won

.,,, at,, 5,,time that that vhis monuknew not c all and especially that of the lonesome ment wouJd be raised honQr of his

blacksmith, Jim, who for more than discovering "The Great Salt Lake;"

a year had been in the wilderness. neither had it dawned upon the fearless

While Henry and Jed and Jim conJed, that future generations would versed, eighty restless, if not reckless, praise him as the "Mightiest Trailtrappers, anxious for revenge, threw Breaker of the Rockies."

Dawes Upholds Prohibition

That colorful character, Charles G. Dawes, former vicepresident of the

United States and at present ambassador to Great Britain, is aiding President

Hoover and the cause of prohibition and at the same time astonishing English officials by his peculiar attitude. During the World War General Dawes demonstrated his physical courage, and his moral courage is of the same order. In

European countries wine is served at all official functions, but Dawes, defying precedent, calmly announced that visitors, whether calling in an official or private capacity, could expect no such refreshment. This unusual action,

coming from so well known and original a man, seems to have caused more amusement than resentment.

Now the vigorous ambassador has gone one step farther, according to an

Associated Press report which says:

Charles G. Dawes today was one of the central figures in a quaint English

drinking custom, as guest of honor at a luncheon by the Travel Association of

Great Britain and Ireland.

General Dawes and about 200 other guests sat down at the hospitable board of the famous old Vintner's hall, which was built near the river Thames just after the great fire of London in 1666.

The very name of the Vintner's savors of drinking and the flowing bowl, and there were plenty of both circulating at the luncheon today. Ambassador Dawes abstained from them all, but he could not refrain from taking

part in the ancient ceremony of passing a huge loving cup around the circle of guests.

Filled with specially brewed sack, a large cup was handed to Lord

Derby, who presided. He turned to General Dawes and drank the ambassador's

health with due ceremony.

The ambassador then was supposed to turn and drink to the health of the guest on his left, who was Lord Rirrell, well known London publisher.

General Dawes accepted the cup, raised it, and then passed it along.

The Headless Cavalier By Henry F. Kirkham

As a boy just entering on the teen never to be! The stern fortunes of

age, I liked best of all to listen to war finally rolled against the party for stories of a ghostly nature. Especially which the brave cavalier fought. Inwas this true on cold and blustry deed, within a few short weeks our

nights when the winter wind rattled hero himself was captured by the the doors and windows and the open enemy and ignominious death by the fire place cast flickering shadows on the executioner's axe was his unhappy end.

walls and ceiling. Then I would draw As a crowning infamy the gory head

close to mother and beg for a story of the cavalier was hung upon the a warning to all otherthat sent.the chills down my spinal village gate as

cord, for this was romance in the Nth prospective rebels. Such was the public

degree. statement of the victor, but some conOne such ghostly tale I remember to tended that personal malice played a

this day. It might, for want of a part in the deed, for the winning chiefmore suitable title, be properly dubbed, tain was known to have entertained

"The Headless Cavalier,"for it dealt an ardor for the village belle that she with a remote period in English hishad never reciprocated.

tory when those gallant heroes still At any rate you may imagine the abode in the affairs of men. And, aldreadful anguish of the young and

though such romantic figures had tender maiden as she was forced to ceased to exist long before my look upon the bloody countenance of mother's time, they had left behind her lover. How she lamented the

innumerable legends of love and adblasting of all her fond hopes! Indeed,

venture that were still recounted in so poignant was her sorrow that she the little village in which my mother had no longer the desire to live. One

was born. last service she could perform, howIn Cromwell's perhaps in ever, and this she did. On bended reign—or

some of the wars of the Pretenders knees she begged the victor for the a great battle was fought near the spot body of her lover and he, moved by of the little English parish. Among her flood of tears, at last, consented.

the soldiers of the contending armies Tenderly she laid away the mutilated was a certain valiant cavalier. He was remains within the shelter of the paryoung and dashing, gaining, in the ish churchyard, minus, of course, the

brief period that the conflict waged gory head that the victor insisted thereabouts, much renown in feats of should remain fixed upon the village is said that she tended thearms. He also found time to enter the gate. It

lists of love between the clash of hallowed grave for many years until, battle. So successfully in truth that in fact, a grey and withered old womhe completely won the heart of one of an, she finally died, stretched upon the

the local belles. This beautiful maiden grassy mound.

yielded to his passionate suit all the But now comes the ghostly part of affection her young life could give, and the story. Let my mother tell it as

it to me as I lay cuddledmany were the whispered dreams of once she told bliss they mutually exchanged of those before the open fire.

days, when, the cruel conflict ended, "On that particular night I had they might wed. been until late at the home of a friend

But, alas, this dream of bliss was celebrating Hallowe'en. The evening

Oct., 19291026 IMPROVEMENT ERA

had been one of merriment in which "But reached it we did and hurried many games of a ghostly nature had by with a sigh of positive relief. Sudbeen indulged. Naturally my head denly we heard the sullen clang of the

had been filled with silly notions of great gate swinging open. We turned

hobgoblins and other weird creatures, in alarm, an alarm that grew into a so that when the time came for going panic as out of the gate there issued home I did not venture forth in any two ghostly figures! The two were

too bold a spirit. Although I was acclothed in garments of long ago, a

companied by a boy friend, I had no jeweled sword girded to the side of great relish for the stretch of road to the man, the woman in all the finery my home that passed close to the of another age. Slowly they passed

ancient village churchyard. The path without the gate, arm in arm, as lovers

was dark and eerie on any night but sometimes walk together and came diespecially so on a night when billowy rectly towards us. But as we stood

ghosts were said to walk the earth. spellbound staring at the strange,

I might add, also, that my friend, in ghostly pair we both saw what alspite of all his attempts at masculine most caused our hearts to stand still.

boldness, was in no better spirits than The man had no head! Plain as day

was I. we could see all the remainder of his

"I remember that night very vividbody up to the ruffled collar that enly. The moon was partly full but closed his neck, but of the head there

shone only fitfully through dark banks was not a trace. We shrank against

of sailing clouds. Even perfectly the fence as they advanced, too terrorfamiliar spots looked eerie enough stricken even to run. But when they

under the magic of the hour, so that had passed beyond and vanished into my friend and I walked close together the gloom again, we did run faster,

I believe, than ever we did again, norfor mutual comfort. We needed all

our courage, indeed, when we prespaused for breath until we had arfather's home."ently came abreast of the old iron fence rived at my

Now as a grown man I sometimesthat bounded the ancient yard in ponder over that story of the "Headwhich reposed countless generations of less Cavalier,"I wonder if the dead the dead. The white stones that markdo occasionally walk the earth. At

ed the resting place gleamed weirdly any rate, the vision, imaginary or beneath the dim moonlight and our otherwise, of that fair pair walking courage certainly sank to zero as we beneath the misty light of a graveyard hurried past them. The very wind moon, is a boyhood story I shall not

moaned as it swept across the silent soon forget. The flickering embers of

tombs, and it seemed to us that we a dying fire and the blustering wind should never reach the tall rock gate without but adds to the remembered that marked the end of the iron fence. charm of that tale of long ago.

At the present rate of progress America should have a complete network of concrete highways by the time everybody takes to the air. Peru (Ind.)

Tribune.

Aviation has played havoc with the language. Planes land on water

where there is no land in sight, and Zeppelins hop off without any hop at all. Louisville CourierJournal.

The Spring Garden By Thomas G. Harrison

The efforts put forth by the Relief of bulbs are fast gaining in popularSocieties two years ago in promulgatity. Once planted, they can remain ire

ing a Home Beautification Campaign the ground for years. They are most

are being crowned with success. In effective when planted in groups, one'

is permany wards flower shows have been kind in a group. The daffodil

narcissi.held this summer, the beautiful dishaps the best known of the

plays have thrilled all who saw them. I recommend the planting of some

It has been most difficult (when it has Sulphur Phoenix, White Lady, Sir fallen to my lot to give the awards) to Watkins, Barri Conspicuous, Orange place the blue ribbons, as the exhibits Phoenix, Lucifer, Laurens Koster, and were of such uniformly high quality. Poet Horace bulbs as valuable addiTo It was my privilege to assist in the tions to your narcissi collection.

organization of the "Salt Lake Flower improve your daffodils, get some King

Alfred. Spring Glory, Tresserne, andGarden Club,"which every spring

sponsors a flower show, the leaders of Van Waverens giant. These produce

our Church having always, by their monster flowers and are a great impresence, shown a keen interest in the provement on the Emperor and Empress type. The narcissi bloom inexhibits.

April, many weeks before the longThe purpose of this message is to stem tulips.

encourage the planting of Holland bulbs, which can only be done at this "A mist o'er the blue sky, season of the year or before the ground With a falling of rain, begins to freeze. The most popular That gleams like spun silver

of these are the Breeder and Darwin And it's April again.

tulips. These beautiful, longstem-

"With Daffodil sunshinemed flowers now come in every conAnd Daffodil flowers.ceivable shade. The Cottage tulips Then time becomes goldenare also a favorite with many planters;

Between sudden showers.they, too, have long stems, but the

shape of the flower differs from the "With gold and silver

These three vaRejoice that you're living.pointed—lilylike.Darwin type in that the petals are Of sun and the rain.

rieties are glorious when planted in When it's April again."

close proximity to the early spring—Lyman.flowering shrubs. Many a tulip blooms

to blush un::en because it lacks suitable Use your shady places in which to

environment. Shrubbery or walls may plant narcissi. Many yards have nooks

form the background, or adjacent and and sheltered corners which can be harmonious foliage will add to their used to good advantage and a sucglory. From the wide range of spring cession of flowers can be had, because

flowering shrubs one can hardly make these spots will produce later bloom.

a mistake in selecting background. Or Try planting some daffodils in your

it may be that the flowers of the herviolet, pansy and myrtle beds, also in baceous plants that bloom simultayour sunny petunia or verbena beds neously with the tulip will help create where, after the foliage of the dafthe necessary harmonious or contrastfodils have died down, these other ing en 'ironment. The narcissi family flowers will carpet the ground. Try

Oct.. 19291028 IMPROVEMENT ERA

some narcissi in your rock gardens bountiful fragrant bloom in June.

around your lily pools, along the For those who want a real surprise, streams or ditches which may run plant some Dutch, Spanish and Engthrough your grounds. Like the tulip, lish Iris. These are the bulbous type

the narcissi are at home grouped among and no garden is complete without the perennial plants. them. When these flowers are put on

The hyacinths should find a place display in spring, many people get the in every yard. This wonderfully fever of planting, and are disappointed

fragrant flower is used more in formal to learn they have to wait one more plantings, for edges, designs, etc., but year before they can have such blooms

nothing catches the eye quicker than in their own yard, as fall is the only a few groups of different hue of these time they can be had. Plant the

charming flowers planted informally. tulips and hyacinths seven inches apart,

Plant some yellow and blue crocus in covering them with four or five inches /your lawn in groups or along its of soil; narcissi nine to twelve inches

borders or scatter them around everyapart and cover five or six inches;

where in front of your shrubs. The crocus and iris three inches apart and

Frittalaria or Crown lily is another covered the same.

Holland bulb worthy of a place in If you want to get some real inevery garden. It blooms at the same spiration out of your garden, plant

time as the hyacinth and narcissus. some Holland bulbs this fall, and after

Try some Madonna lilies. These may the long winter get a thrill you never

be termed the hardy Easter Lily. They had before when you see the early

come from France and must go into the spring growth pushing out of the ground in the fall and will give a ground, a veritable resurrection.

Aim High

By Joseph S. Peery

The active member in the Church cording to his own labor."(1 Cor.

of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is 3:8.) "Be not deceived; God is not

working for the mocked: for whatsoever a man soweth highest—celestial

degree of glory. We have been shown that shall he also reap."(Gal. 6:7.)

the way to reach the highest. Our If he aims low he goes low. If he aims

baptism ordinance is the entrance to high, having consistent works, he goes the kingdom of glory. high. God—celestial

Our missionaries go out to show the Every day is a judgment day and the world the way. Every temple.ordiheaven we reach will be the heaven we

nance relates to celestial glory. earn. Through the atonement of the

An objection was made to this aim: Savior, all will be saved from the grave,

"You 'Mormons'are very selfish to but our exaltation will depend entirely work for the highest degree of glory."upon merit. We do not wish to wait

We will never make it if we are selfish. a thousand years for our bodies: we are

We best serve God when we serve his striving to rise in the morning of the children. We best overcome evil by first resurrection. In working we have

doing good. The Bible says: "Every joy. Eternal continuous joy comes in

man shall receive his own reward acaiming high.

Messages from the Missions Viewing the World from "Zugspitze"

In the extreme southern part of noon. The first night was spent in

Bavaria, Germany, a few miles from the alpine village of GarmischParten- the Austrian border, is situated one of kirchen. Arising early the following

set out for the "Zugthe most romantic spots in all the morning, we world. The majestic Bavarian and spitze"and arrived shortly at the foot

Tyrolese Alps, protecting and shelterof the peak.

ing, as it were, the To most tourpicturesque inhabists the mountain itants of the quiet had been inaccessible, until in 1924valleys below them; the inthe Austrian govnumerable little ernment granted a

lakes and mounpermit to build a tain gorges; and cableway up their

the historical value side of the peak.

of the country are This project was attractions which completed in 1926, yearly entice thouand now one can sands of visitors. go swinging up

Here are to be nearly a mile into seen the three casspace without the t 1 e s, Linderhof, slightest effort on part. Neuschwanstein, one's own

climbed inand HohenschwanWe gau, mute evidence to the frail cabin of the artistic but of the cablecar extravagant nature that was to carry of the Bavarian us within a short

King Ludwig II. distance of the

Here the "Zugvery top of the spitze,"Germany's mountain. The

highest mountain, door was closed off. rests gray and and we were

weatherbeaten, its Up, up, up, e, jagged twin peaks what a rid wonderful reaching skyward. what

a And here, too, The 'zugspitze,"germany's highest view s,—what

feeling nestling securely in Mountain strange a snug valley, lies somewhere in the first we the ancient village of Oberammergau, region orof the stomach! At

farfamed because of its Passion Play were near the tops of the trees, but depicting the life and crucifixion of soon we were swinging over three

Christ. hundred feet above naked cliffs. A

Receiving permission for a weekstrong wind swayed the car back and end outing, we missionaries of the forth incessantly, only adding to that

Stuttgart and Munich districts made insecure feeling. As we nearcd the

this wonderful country the goal of our middle of the journey, the other car excursion. Wednesday, July 3, we came into sight and then passed us

boarded the train, arriving at our on its way down to the valley. The

destination in the middle of the afterride lasted twenty minutes. Arriving

Oct.. 19191030 IMPROVEMENT ERA

at the mountain station, we climbed progress could be made only by holdout of the cabin and were soon viewing fast to the "iron rod,"and more let ouring the world from a different and than once we were forced to interesting angle. In another thirty selves down over perpendicular ledges

minutes we had reached the highest with no other support than steel spikes peak and stood there, drinking in the driven in the rock walls. During the

fresh mountain air. The magnitude journey one of the brethren accidentand grandeur of the mighty ranges, ally loosened a large boulder. His

cry ofwhich met our frantic felgaze in every direc- "Watch out, t i o n, contrasted lows!"came barestrangely with ly in time. A

"the nothingness missionary a little of the children of ahead of the rest men."of us stepped

It was July 4th, quickly aside as our nation's birththe boulder passed i m. We allday, and standing h

there on the topbreathed a d e e p most peak of one breath of relief as of Europe's oldest the huge rock shot states, we did not over a cliff into forget to let a oblivion.

heartfelt cheer ring The dangerous forth for the land The Austrian Cableway, THE part of the descent we love best. Largest in EUROPE behind us, we sat

We had decided down outside of to make the steep descent on foot, but the little halfway station and gazed the taste of Alpclimbing, that the back at the mighty peak, around the short but dangerous ascent from the crest of which dark clouds were now sat station to the top gave us, did not rapidly gathering. And as we

exactly whet our appetites for more. there, looking back and thinking back,

real significance of the descent and We concluded to hire a guide. In fact the

most of the tourists with us had hired the magnitude of the danger was made guides for the short ascent to the top. clear to us. The reason for such asHowever, guides were high and our surance and lack of fear in undertakmomentary supply of "the filthy ing the journey was understood. We

lucre"was low, so we changed our had not made that trip alone!

minds again and started out alone. Fifteen weary missionaries gave

Everyone thought we were insane and thanks that night to a kind Heavenly perhaps it was foolhardy, but someFather for leading them safely out of thing gave us perfect assurance in ourbodily peril. Some of them dreamed

selves. In fact, fear did not enter our of falling off cliffs.

hearts until we reached the bottom The remainder of the excursion afof the precipice. The two former forded us many wonderful sights and

sheepherders in the group of missionexperiences, all of which will surely aries broke all records for that course enrich our future lives; but the inby covering it in exactly twentyfive cident, that will stand out clearly in

minutes! There were stretches where our minds long after time has made

Oct.. 1929 MESSAGES FROM THE MISSIONS 1031

the trip itself a dim memory, was the mightier than guides or ropes or earthdescent down the precipitous side of ly assistance of whatever character it old "Zugspitze."It was more to us may happen to be, and he never forthan just a new experience, because sakes them that seek to serve him.

it taught us a lesson that we mortals Miles Burgess, president of Stuttgart are slow to learn and prone to forget. district.

The lesson, that there is One who is

MISSIONARIES OF THE STUTTGART AND MUNICH DISTRICTS IN FRONT OF DEPOT AT

GARMISCHPARTENKIRCHEN Standing, left to right: Joseph Coulam, Jr.. Max Schmidt. Moses Hansen. Grant Strebel. Lynn

Wood, president of Munich district, Stanley Hall, Harold Creer, John Wendel, Miles Burgess, president of Stuttgart district; Harold Naisbitt. Lonzo Hansen, Ernest Eberhard. Jr. Sitting:

Clifford Leslie. Keaton Dayton. Alton Gessel.

A news collecting agency has sent out the following item: EVANSVILLE,

Ind,, Sept. 24. (CTS) aviator swooped out of the sky today to save the.—An

house of Walter Schiffer, about eight miles from here, from burning, and then disappeared. The fire, starting in a barn, destroyed the barn, granary and

smokehouse, in spite of all neighbors could do, and the house appeared doomed.

Then the aviator appeared and darted between the granary and the house, fanning the fire in the other direction. He flew between the house and the

burning granary 40 or 50 times, according to Schiffer, until he was certain the fire had spent itself and the house was no longer in danger. His errand

completed, he arose and vanished.

To The Friends of the Improvement Era (7N view of the impending change, it is proper at this time that we

Q/ express our appreciation of the loyal support accorded this magazine during its thirtytwo years of life. One can hardly

conceive of an enterprise which has been the recipient of more unselfish, gratuitous service than has the Era. From the commencement of this

venture, at first a seemingly precarious one, hosts of devoted workers have willingly given their they have given themselves time—more,

to the task of making it a great success.

Hard-'working men have built up subscription lists at serious personal sacrifice. Some of the busiest and ablest people in our community have burned the midnight oil in preparing articles, and for this

splendid voluntary service we express deep appreciation. But that is

characteristic of the Church. Some things cannot be bought with

gold, and man's very best effort is one of them.

To the army of officers of the Y. M. M. I. A., we are particularly obligated. They have cheerfully accepted the responsibility of

placing the Era in the homes of the Saints. Not a few of those who

first assumed this task have gone to their reward, and not infrequently their sons have taken up the work laid down by their fathers.

The foundation upon which every periodical must build is its subscription list, and we extend sincere thanks to all who are or have been our patrons. Some of these came out of sheer loyalty and not

because they felt the need of the magazine, but they have continued because this messenger of righteousness was too helpful to be discontinued.

To the business firms and individuals who have bought advertising space, our thanks are also due and are gratefully extended. In

this connection no advertising matter is to be accepted which could offend the strictest Church member. We will not teach something

in the reading columns and advertise articles the use of which violates those teachings. Neither will we advertise questionable concerns;

and we therefore solicit the patronage of our readers for those firms which patronize us.

Although we express appreciation for the gratuitous labors of field workers and contributors, we are sure they will not go unrewarded. And deeply as we feel the obligation to subscribers and

advertisers, we have the comforting assurance that they have received value for every dollar spent.

May we enlist the same spirit of cooperation for the new magazine? This combination of the Era and the Journal brings to us the

assistance of talented women, and plans are laid for a periodical which no Latterday Saint home can afford to be without. The

slogan, "An Era in Every Home,"is not inspired by selfish motives but by a sincere desire to broaden our sphere of usefulness. We feel

sure we may count on your continued support.

George Albert Smith, Richard R. Lyman,

Melvin J. Ballard,

General Superintendence) of Y. M. M. I. A.

Ring Out the Old, Ring In the New

After thirtytwo years of vigorous to impress the world with the imlife, the Improvement Era, in its presportance of creating higher ideals and ent form, comes to an end with this preserving courage and determination number. In browsing through the in living up to them. Calmly, and

back volumes, one is impressed with never with a spirit of hysteria or the thought that the Era, unlike most delirium, it has preached the restored lives, has never had any infancy or Gospel, that God has again revealed childhood, but leaped from its birth himself from heaven, and it has spoken into virile aggressive manhood. Before fearlessly, and with dynamic power,

the magazine was actually born it was in defending the truth against the consecrated to a special mission, and a assaults of enemies and unbelievers.

most careful examination of the thirty When the contemplated amalgamathousand and more pages of reading tion of the Era and Journal was prematter which it has presented to the sented to the public, a wedding cerepublic will confirm the statement, that mony was used as a symbol of the it has never lost sight of its great purunion. This was a felicitous thought,

pose, which has been to bring about for an important mission of these two an improvement in the lives of all magazines has been to prepare the whom it could touch; to build charworld for a glorious wedding when the

acter; to develop faith, and encourage celestial Bridegroom shall come to

righteousness. During its entire life, claim his bride, the Church. In the

it has never given expression to a single storybook wedding typifying this thought which would turn the reader's union, a herald announced to the mind in an improper direction. world that a great event in Church

It may be truthfully said that the literature was about to occur. The

end of each volume has found its atsymbolism of that announcement is generallytentive readers possessing more Christreaches much farther than like characteristics, more faith, intellisupposed, for the constant mission of gence, and courage than the beginning. this magazine has been to declare,

Their vision of life, with its true meanwith words of soberness, that ere long ing, and their conception of the future an angelic herald will broadcast to a startled world, "Behold, the Bridehas been broadened. A deeper sense

of duty to God and to their fellowgroom cometh."

men has been awakened. We believe Nothing of great importance has

the magazine has created a thirst for ever been accomplished without many knowledge, by teaching that this is one agencies having played a part therein.

of the elements of godliness, and at the This, naturally, has b,een the case same time has helped to assuage that with the Improvement Era. It is a

thirst by presenting well written arfitting time to extend thanks to those ticles on theology, history, science, who have helped to make the magaphilosophy, literature. zine a success. On the preceding

It has contained solemn warnings page will be found a letter of apagainst evil; has ever held aloft worthy preciation, signed by the General Supstandards of living, and has been pererintendency of the Y. M. M. I. A.,

suasive and encouraging in its efforts and addressed to the thousands of

Oct., 19191034 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the Era's subscribers, without whom readers would be astonished if they nothing could have been accomplished. knew the number of letters he personThen, too, men and women from ally signed in the beginning in an effort

many walks of life have devoted time to win subscribers. Not only did he

and thought to the preparation of argive of his time, but with equal liberticles, and practically all of these conality contributed of his means. Closely

tributions have been written with no associated with him have been Elders thought of pecuniary reward. Writers B. H. Roberts and Edward H. Anderhave been impelled by the desire to do son, who have done most of the edigood, and they are entitled to the torial work; Thomas Hull, Moroni

thanks, not only of the Era, but also of Snow and, more recently, Melvin J.

different times, all its readers. We extend to them Ballard, who have at

our cordial thanks. looked after the business interests of the

magazine. These men and the Im- A few names, chief among those provement Era have achieved somewho have made the Era a success, thing which can never be forgotten,

should be mentioned. This list might and for which the Almighty will

be many times multiplied if space perrichly reward them.

mitted. Certainly in the early days of Our hope is that the work to be done

the magazine, no man did more than by the new Improvement Era in its enPresident Heber J. Grant; and even at larged sphere of action will approach

the present time it receives all the in quality that done by the old Era thought which he can possibly spare and the Journal in their more circumfrom other pressing duties. Our scribed fields.—C.

Horace J. Knowlton

The new Improvement Era is very Purchaser.

fortunate in having secured the services Brother Knowlton was born in Salt of Horace J. Knowlton, who is to be Lake, is a Latterday Saint through

associated with its business departand through, has been successful in ment. He is a wideawake, energetic business in competition with the

young man, a graduate of the Uniworld, and will be a real acquisition versity of Utah and the University of to our force. He left a lucrative posiChicago, and is thoroughly familiar tion in the East for the simple reason

with this class of work, having been that he and his wife preferred to be engaged with Eastern publications with the body of the Church rather since his graduation, and for the past than so far removed from headyear has been editor of the Chicago quarters.

What the Era Does Elder Weston N. Nordgren, associate let that feeling "wear off,"and have

editor of the Millennial Star, sends to said or done nothing.

the Era the following encouraging Today, after reading the July iswords: sue, just received, I feel doubly inMany times, upon receiving a copy debted to this magazine. It is filled

of the Improvement Era, I have felt with hope and peace, with love and to express my appreciation to those refaith. It is very inspiring—especially

sponsible for this wonderful "Morto a missionary away from the body of mon"magazine. Yet each time, I have the Church. It carries with it the true

Oct.. 1929 EDITOR'S TABLE 1035

message of the Gospel of Jesus Christ: large measure it has given me the true

Hope for the sorrowing heart, peace Latterday Saint viewpoint, as far as for the troubled mind, love for the I have it. The Era has given me travel,

lonely soul, and implants within one a science, adventure, romance, thrills and firm faith in our God and in our felserious thought. Moreover, it has

lowmen. helped to heighten my ideals of life

There is the true missionary spirit and has given me a desire to live worabout it that makes it seem to breathe thy of our "Mormon"heritage. I

help and assurance to one in doubt; have not read any other magazine,

that seems to explain the mysteries of year in and year out, which has so enlife in a simple, tangible way, that one couraged me to go onward and upmay more firmly grasp the problems of ward; and at times when my spirits

daily life. have been at low ebb, it has been posiEver since I can remember reading tively uplifting. Both at home and

anything, I have read the Era. I have in the mission field, I have felt its clean

enjoyed it, enthused over it, loaned it influence and have thanked the Lord for it.to others, and tried to get them to see Combined with the Young Womthe beauties it explained. Like the

an's Journal, it should reach still scriptures, it carries a spirit of wisdom, greater heights as the universal "Morhelpful service and understanding that mon"magazine for old and young. I

makes one refer to it time and time ask the blessings of the Lord upon again, there to find repeatedly a wealth those who are engaged in providing of instruction and joy in its pages. My and arranging the material it contains,

first attempt at story writing was inas well as for the Era itself. I wish

spired by a story in its pages; my first the editors and the new Era "hearty

written story appeared therein. In a good luck, and lots of it."

It Can Be Done

The work of the Y. M. M. I. A. in the Maricopa stake, under

the direction of Delbert L. Stapley, has always gone forward with

dispatch. It is a one hundred per cent stake in the matter of life

memberships. Now, as we learn from a telegram from Brother

Stapley to Superintendent George Albert Smith, it has more than its quota of Era subscribers. He conveys the cheering information

that the Chandler ward, presided over by Bishop Guy V. Lamereaux,

is sending in 77 subscriptions, although the ward has but 71 families.

This shows what can be done where the matter is taken up seriously

It is perhaps needless to say that the Y. M. M. I. A. and the

Era have been loyally supported by the stake presidency, Presidents

J. Robert Price, John Cummard and Daniel Hibbert.

MS

Melchizedek Priesthood Suggestions

The following letter and outlines You are urged, therefore, to put will be welcomed by all Priesthood forth special effort to make more quorums: potent the program that was introPresident and duced one year ago. The plan as it

Counselors applied to Sunday morning has rePresidency of Stake ceived general acceptance and is being carried out effectively in nearly every stake and mission in the Church. With

Dear Brethren: regard to the activity meeting, some

In reference to the courses of study stakes and quorums have found it difand lines of activity for the Priesthood ficult to carry out the program with quorums of the Church, we suggest that degree of clearness and energy that the same course of procedure as which quorums of the Church should was suggested last year be continued manifest. In the hope of aiding in

during the present season. In order making this meeting more interesting

to achieve the results towards which and profitable, we are suggesting herewe are striving, it is earnestly desired with some topics which will guide that throughout the coming year everv quorum officers into that practical field quorum and every group will emphaof activity and service in which quosize the service phase of quorum rerum officers and members should sponsibility. Two important requirerender effective work,

ments, you will remember, are made Every quorum member should be of every person ordained to any office made acquainted at once with the in the Priesthood: viz., (1) The duty phases of Church activity for which

and privilege of studying the principles he will receive credit on the quorum of the Gospel in a Gospel Doctrine class records. These various items are inSunday morning; and (2) The duty dicated on the report blanks that are

of attending the group or quorum acalready in the hands of stake clerks tivity meeting held weekly for the purand quorum secretaries, pose of making more effective the servThe items of actiyi named bdow ice to be rendered >n personal welfare,. are merd tive> and y be sub eff.c.encyquorum and Church and sostitutcd b Qthers which mc.al callings and appointments.

offkers CQnsider mor Jortunc Everyone upon whom the Priestand a ppl 1Cable to local conditions, hood has been conferred should preWith a sincer desire tQ aidpare himself to perform any service and quorums to become more cfficicnt and to officiate in any ordinance or cereinnuentia l, we remain mony which he might be asked to.

oincerely,render, or in which he might be called to act. In Church activity as in the RUDGER CLAWSON,

answer to the Final Summons, "ReadiIn behalf of the Council of ness is everything."the Twelve Apostles.

Schedule of Group or Quorum Meetings

Suggestive Plan of Procedure 2. Roll Call. (Each member should

at credit for attendance meet- -, c /",,,October in20 receive vir,-,,Week of a a a ings and for service rendered during 1. Prayer.. the past week.)

Oct.. 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 1037

3. Reports of committees. b. Teachers.

a. Special. (Call for specific reSecond to highest office in

ports from ( 1 ) committee apAaronic Priesthood.

pointed at a previous meeting to Special calling to purge the body visit quorum members, (2) of Church of iniquity and every committee on social, (3) comunpleasantness.

mittee or individuals assigned to To watch over the Church alward teachings, etc., etc.) ways.

b. Standing. (Receive report from To be with and to strengthen

one of the four standing comthem.

mittees; viz., Personal Welfare, To see that no iniquity exists in

Class Instruction, Church Servthe Church. Neither hardness

ice, Miscellaneous. Report with each other, neither lying,

should be in writing and signed nor backbiting, nor evil speakby members of committee.) ing.

4. Consideration of Principles of ConTo check up on attendance at

duct. meetings.

Topics Outlined. To check up on other Church

duties.

Priests'and Teachers'Duties To preside at meetings only in

Compared absence of elder or priest.

1. Similarity. Note: In the light of the fact that

a. Both by assignment are to visit the teacher is an authorized peace ofhomes of members. ficer of the Church, on whom rests the

b. Both are to exhort to diligence responsibility by divine appointment

and faithfulness. to see that no iniquity exists in the

The priest is "to preach, teach, Church, how many appointed to this expound, exhort * * them to office are doing this duty?

pray vocally and in secret and attend to all family duties."Week of October 27

The teacher "to warn, expound, exhort, and teach and invite all 1 Prayer.

to come to Christ."2. Roll Call. (Each member should

2. Distinction. receive credit for attendance at meet-

a. advanced office in ings and for service rendered during Priest—Most

Aaronic Priesthood. Special the past week.)

calling to preach and administer 3. Reports of committees.

spiritual blessings. Can bap- a. Special. (Call for specific retize. Teacher cannot. Can adports from (1) committee apminister sacrament. Teacher pointed at a previous meeting to

cannot. visit quorum members, (2)

"From a retrospect of the requirecommittee on social, (3) comments of the servants of God to preach mittee or individuals assigned to the Gospel, we find few qualified even ward teaching, etc., etc.)

to be priests, and if a priest understands b. Standing. (Receive report from

his duty, his calling, and ministry, and one of the four standing compreaches by the Holy Ghost, his enjoymittees; viz., Personal Welfare.

ment is as great as if he were one of Class Instruction, Church Servthe Presidency: and his services are ice, Miscellaneous. Report

necessary in the body, as are also those should be in writing and signed of teachers and deacons."(Joseph by members of the committee.)

Smith's "History of the Church,"Vol- 4. Consideration of Principles of Conume II, page 478.) duct.

Oct.. 19291038 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Topics Outlined. 3. Mode of Procedure.

a. Information received during apHow the Teacher's Calling May pointed visits.

Involve the Great Principle of b. Advice given.

Arbitration c. Parties to quarrel brought to-

1 Arbitration Taught by the Savior. gether.

if desired. a. "Jesus taught that forgiveness d. Question arbitrated

was a duty not only to the ofWeek of November 3 fender but also to the one wronged. Prolonged resent- 1 Prayer.

ment, like hot anger, is a deadly 2. Roll Call. (Each member should

menace to a man's physical, receive credit for attendance at meetmental, and spiritual health. It ings and for service rendered during

injures him who cherishes it far the past week.)

more than its object. Jesus 3. Reports of committees.

placed reconciliation before the a. Special. (Call for specific reformal acts of worship. He deports from (1) committee apclared that resentment or the pointed at a previous meeting to

sense of injustice done or revisit quorum members, (2) ceived made true worship imcommittee on social, (3) compossible. He also taught that mittee or individuals assigned to

the direct personal method was ward teaching, etc., etc.)

the only right way to express b. Standing. (Receive report from

forgiveness and to effect reconone of the four standing comciliation. 'Go to thy brother,'mittees; viz., Personal Welfare,

was his reiterated counsel. He Class Instruction, Church Servrecognized that resentment feeds ice, Miscellaneous. Report

on suspicion and often grows should be in writing and signed fastest when secretly repressed."by members of the committee.)

b. If personal efforts fail, then 4. Consideration of Principles of Conarbitrate. duct.

Topics Outlined. "Moreover, if thy brother shall trespass against thee, go and tell him his Relation of Teacher's Duty to Quorum

fault between thee and him alone: if Activity

he shall hear thee, thou hast gained delinthy brother. 1. Teacher's duty to know of

"But if he will not hear thee, then quents in his district.

ascertained.take with thee one or two more, that a. How

in the mouth of. two or three wit- 2. Reasons for delinquency ascertained

if possible objections to attendnesses every word may be established. and

"And if he shall neglect to hear ing quorum meeting removed.

them, tell it unto the Church: but if Note: As a practical illustration of

he neglect to hear the Church, let him this phase of ward teaching, have two be unto thee as an heathen man and or more teachers report actual condi- a publican."(Matt. 18:15, 16, 17.) tions as they have found them in their

2. The Teacher's Relationship to respective districts.

Other Persons'Hard Feelings and Week of November 1 Enmity.

a. His duty to be informed. 1 Prayer.

b. His duty to keep sacred every 2. Roll Call. (Each member should

confidence. receive credit for attendance at meet-

c. His duty to bring about reconings and for service rendered during

ciliation. the past week.)

Oct., 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 1039

3. Reports of committees. b. Standing. (Receive report from

a. Special. (Call for specific reone of the four standing comports from ( 1 ) committee apmittees; viz., Personal Welfare,

pointed at a previous meeting to Class Instruction, Church Servvisit quorum members, (2) ice, Miscellaneous. Report

committee on social, (3) comshould be in writing and signed mittee or individuals assigned to by members of the committee.)

ward teaching, etc., etc.) 4. Consideration of Principles of Con-

b. Standing. (Receive report from duct.

one of the four standing comTopics Outlined.

mittees; viz., Personal Welfare,

Class Instruction, Church ServThings to be Avoided in Teaching ice, Miscellaneous. Report 1. As pertaining to the teacher.

should be in writing and signed a. Procrastination.

by members of the committee.) b. Indifference.

4. Consideration of Principles of Con- c. Lack of appreciation of responsiduct. bility and sacredness of calling.

Topics Outlined. d. Unpreparedness.

2. As pertaining to the home.

Proper Mode of Procedure in Teaching a. Unnecessarily prolonged visits.

b. Gossiping. 1 Assignment to district made by

c. Undignified bearing and speech. bishopric.

d. Manifesting lack of personal in-2. Consultation and prayer preceding

terest. visits. a. Consideration of topics and mesWeek of November 24 sages to be presented.

b. Assignment. 1. Prayer.

c. Consideration of best methods 2. Roll Call. (Each member should

of approach. receive credit for attendance at meet-

3. Greetings and order of procedure ings and for service rendered during

in the home. the past week.)

a. The art of questioning. 3. Reports of committees.

b. The teacher's right to inquire a. Special. (Call for specific reinto individual life and family ports from (1) committee aprelationships. pointed at a previous meeting to

1. The need of discretion and visit quorum members, (2) divine inspiration. committee on social, (3) comWeek of November 1 mitteeward teaching,or individualsetc., assignedetc.) to

1 Prayer. b. Standing. (Receive report from

2. Roll Call. (Each member should one of the four standing comreceive credit for attendance at meetmittees; viz., Personal Welfare,

ings and for service rendered during Class Instruction, Church Servthe past week.) ice, Miscellaneous. Report

3. Reports of committees. should be in writing and signed

a. Special. (Call for specific reby members of the committee.)

ports from ( 1 ) committee ap- 4. Consideration of Principles of Conpointed at a previous meeting to duct.

visit quorum members, (2) Topics Outlined.

committee on social, (3) committee or individuals assigned to Responsibility of the Teacher to ward teaching, etc., etc.) Individual Member in His District

Oct.. 19291040 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Significance of Teacher's Watching 3. Social interests understood.

Over Church Always 4. Personal habits violative of

Church standards wisely corrected.

1 Every name listed. 5. Attendance at meetings noted

2. Church position noted and acand commended.

tivity ascertained. Observed, noted and commented on.

Aaronic Priesthood Plan At the beginning of 1929, lesson cide whether to present the remaining outlines were prepared for each grade lessons more briefly or to take up only of the Aaronic Priesthood to cover this a sufficient number of lessons to finish entire year. Copies are available at the year. It is expected that in every

this office at 10c each, postpaid. It ward throughout the Church these

is very much desired that every member outlines will be completed by December of the Aaronic Priesthood in all wards 31. At that time a new set of outthroughout the Church have a copy of lines will be issued for 1930, and it

the outline for his particular grade. is desired that all shall start with the

In these lesson books are contained new lessons on the new year.

instructions for the carrying on of the In connection with the lesson work, class period. It has been expected that it is, of course, very important that the

these class periods would be carried on activities of all members of the Priestduring the summer. In that case, the hood should be stimulated, as suglessons would be continued and be gested in the program given under incompleted by December 31 of this structions in the lesson book. Every

year. However, in some of the stakes effort should be made by the bishopric,

Priesthood meetings have not been supervisors and quorum officers to proregularly held during the summer. In mote attendance and the performance

such instances the bishops, supervisors of duties by all members of the Aaronic and stake committees should now dePriesthood.

The Presiding Bishopric.

Aaronic Priesthood Messages We sometimes wonder if those upon cient to enable the acting teacher to whom the Holy Priesthood is conwithstand possible attacks of an unferred fully appreciate the responsibilbeliever or an apostate.

ities that go with their ordination. How many view this important

"If you cannot give me someone as Priesthood duty as does the brother a companion who is capable of teachherein quoted we are unable to judge, ing, I shall not go out."This statebut we may assume this to be largely

ment was made in ward Priesthood the case with all who do not grasp the meeting recently where monthly ward spirit and significance of our block teaching assignments were being anteaching work, which, if properly unnounced. The person making the rederstood, has a dual purpose, that of

mark was a seventy. The companion watching over and admonishing the

assigned to accompany in this work Saints and at the same time training was an ordained teacher. The attitude our young men.

of the seventy was that house to house It is true that men of ability and visiting is a missionary work requiring training, coupled with the spirit of developed ability and training suffihumility, make the best teachers. If

Oct.. 1929 PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS 1041

our system of visiting were for this neglect their duty in this regard? How

purpose only, unqualified teachers may one properly prepare without adewould accomplish very little by going quate equipment, proper instruction into homes of active, intelligent memand a laboratory in which to work bers. But the other phase of ward out and test his experiments? At presteaching, which the seventy herein ent this is left largely until missionary

quoted evidently did not discover, experiences are gained, and this works is the possibilities for development of an injustice upon the young man and the untrained youth. is likewse a hardship upon the mission

The Lord tells us in section 84 of in which he labors.

the Doctrine and Covenants, verses 26, We have in the Church some wards 106, 107 and 108: where ordained teachers and priests ac-

"And the lesser Priesthood contincompany more experienced men in ued, which Priesthood holdeth the key their monthly visits. In this way they

of the ministering of angels and the gain courage, learn to organize their preparatory Gospel. thoughts and to express them effec-

"And if any man among you be tively in the homes of the Church.

strong in the Spirit, let him take with The members visited who are trying to him one that is weak, that he may be keep the commandments of the Lord edified in all meekness, that he may bewill appreciate the opportunity they come strong also. have of helping these young men pre-

"Therefore, take with you those pare for greater responsibilities.

who are ordained unto the lesser PriestIn some wards priests and teachers hood, and send them before you to have been so well trained that they are make appointments, and to prepare the performing these labors without the way, and to fill appointments that you aid of older and more experienced men.

yourselves are not able to fill. These young men are learning thus

"Behold, this is the way that mine early, that the Lord never forsakes rely upon his help and thatapostles, in ancient days, built up my those who church unto me."rich blessings follow the humble perAlso in section 20 of the Doctrine formance of these duties.

and Covenants, verses 53 to 56: What a wonderful opportunity the

"The teacher's duty is to watch over Lord is giving us to prepare these boys the church always and be with and to go into the mission field qualified strengthen them; to engage immediately in spreading the

"And see that there is no iniquity in truth! Is it not possible that, because

the church, neither hardness with each of our failure so to encourage them and other, neither lying, backbiting, nor provide such training, blessings arc evil speaking; withheld not only from them but also

"And see that the church meet tofrom those whose hearts might be gether often, and also see that all the touched by their simple message?

members do their duty."The Presiding Bishopric desires to

Are we just in holding the young call this matter to the attention of all men accountable for their failure to who are engaged in Church work, with prepare when those charged with the the hope that these young men shall responsibility of helping them to do sc not be deprived of this experience.

He drew a circle that shut me out

Heretic, rebel, a thing to flout.

But love and I had the wit to win:

We drew a circle that took him in.

EDWIN MARKHAM.

Immediate Delivery Ready NOW For

M. I. A. PUBLICATIONS

FOR THE CURRENT SEASON

Ward Presidents, Class Leaders and all Department Heads should provide an ample supply of general and class publications

Order Immediately and Get Full Advantage

of Your Season's Work

M. I. A. Hand Book (Paper Bound) 50c

(Cloth Bound) - 75c M. I. A. Hand Book Supplement 10c

M. I. A. Hand Book Supplement (Executive Edition for Stake Superintendents, Board

Members, and Ward Presidents of T. M. M. I. A.).15c

(This special supplement contains the regular supplement material and in addition special M Men and ScoutVanguard plans and information.)

Adult Manual, "A Century of Progress"40c (Or $4.50 a dozen)

M Men Manual, "Men Who Have Made Good"30c

VanguardScout Guide (With Organization Chart) 10c

V. M. M. I. A. Ward Combined Roll and Minute Book 50c

M. I. A. Sons Book (New Edition) 25c

($2.50 a Dozen)

M. I. A. Book of Plays (Six OneAct Plays) 50c

ThreeAct Drama, "Success"50c OneAct Plays: "Birds of a Feather"15c

"The Invisible Hand"15c "Through the Gate"15c The NEW IMPROVEMENT ERA $2.00 a Year

Cash must accompany all orders.

Address your orders to Y. M. M. L A.

47 East So. Temple Salt Lake City, Utah

Charter Subscriptions Close October 10

for the EraNEWImprovement Combined With The Young Woman's Journal

Beginning With The November Number

This is the last issue in the present form

THE NEW ERA Here are some of the special articles planned for the New Era in its first year—Centennial November. 1929. issue of the ImYear:THEprovement Era will present a magazine

entirely different, more new—bigger, Messages from the First Presidency

interesting, more fascinating. Father Talks to his Sons With the November number the New Era

makes several radical departures from the form From the Green Mountains to the Rockies you are familiar with. Current History of the Church

Visits to "Mormon"Shrines NEW SIZE A Spiritual Philosophy of Life

World Progress and the Fulfillment of standard Prophecy It will appear in New Size—the

magazine size now followed by Literary Is the World Agreeing with "Mormonism"?

Digest. American, Forum, Review of Reviews. The Age in which We Live

World's Work. Mentor. Liberty and other Religion and Health

standard magazines. The Educational Value of a Mission

and Pioneer Stories NEW DRESS FaithPromoting An American Prince

Marriage and It beautiful Manhood in will appear New Dress—a Health Athletics and colors. cover, in printednew An important

and interesting picture will be featured on the Dancing and Morals cover each month. Most of these pictures have Express Yourself

never before been printed and will make an The Greatest Salesman excellent collection of outstanding views. The Bible, a Home Study Course in English

ReCreation or Wreckcreation?

CENTENNIAL YEAR Socializing Value of Recreation

Crooked Thinking The first volume of the New Improvement The New Washington

Era will have Centennial Year as its central The Situation in Russia theme. Special attention will be devoted to European Economic Conditions

historical events, progress of the past century. Utah Soils and the Relationship of Soil to

Centennial Year features, and current developCivilization ments. Some Signs of our Times

The November number will be filled with important Historical and

Souvenir features. Don't miss it. Subscribe now.

The Era in Every Home

Subscription $2.00 a Year in Advance

MUTUAL WORBC

EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT

Mutual Messages Presidents and Secretaries Membership

The first steps have been taken in As stated in the Hand Book Supour yearsyear's workwork inin M. I. A. The plement, all members of the Churchopening social has been held with its

"Story Book Wedding"and other above Primary age are expected to bepleasing features, the Era drive has been long to the M. I. A. Our work is not

carried forward and all departments complete until every boy and girl of and committees, we hope, are organized M. I. A. age is either a member of

and functioning. Here's wishing anthe association or has been repeatedlyother most successful year for our great

organization. invited to become one.

November Sunday Evening Joint Meeting

Suggestions and material for the 6. Presentation of the general theme:

program of the Monthly Joint Session "The Life of Brigham Young."

Sunday evening, November 3, 1929: a. Outstanding characteristics.

1. Singing: "When First the Glorious b. Some leading contributions.

Light of Truth."7. Readings.

2. Invocation; preferably by someone a. An outsider's estimate of Brigwho knew Brigham Young. ham Young. (See material pre-

3. Music. sented at close of this article.)

4. Announcements. b. The Lord's appreciation of

5. TheM. I. A. Slogan: "Brother Brigham."(See Doc.

a. Introduction: "We will cling and Cov., Sec. 126.)

to the constitution of our coun- 8. Brief testimonies concerning Brigtry and to the government that ham Young.

reveres that sacred charter of 9. Closing song: "We Thank Thee.

freeman's rights, and if neces- O God. For a Prophet."

sary pour out our best blood for 10. Benediction.

the defence of every good and Special Note: The following marighteous principle."Brigham terial, by no means exhaustive, is preYoung. sented by the committee, with the view

b. President Hoover says: of helping to make the program effec-

"Our whole system of selfgovern- tive in giving information and perment will crumble either if officials petuating an interest in the life of a elect what laws they will enforce or man to whom the world owes a debt of citizens elect what laws they will supgratitude. One of the sources of referport. The worst evil of disregard for ences used is, The Life of Brigham

some law is that it destroys respect for Young, a little volume published by all law."George Q. Cannon and Sons in 1893.

c. Presentation of slogan. A new book. Patriot, Pioneer, ProOct., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 1045

phet. by Susa Y. Gates, depicts the life hands on him and requested him to be

of Brigham Young as only a member quiet, but he writhed and twisted his of his family could. This would be arms and body saying, 'how can I keep

helpful for supplemental material. my hands off that man!'I told him

if he thought it would give him any

Brigham Young relief he might lay them on."(Life

of Brigham Young, page 24.) (His- I Five of His Outstanding Charactertory of Utah, by Whitney, Vol. I, istics:

p. 137.) 1. Sincerity:

The poet Henry W. Naisbett wrote "In language President Young was of the dependability of Brighamoutspoken and plain. He never minced Young:matters with anyone, high or low, nor

treated the simplest honest member of "True beside the great Ohio, true uponthe Church with less deference than

Missouri's plain,the greatest of the many distinguished True where Far West's prairies reachmen and women who called upon him ing untouched by defection's stain;from all parts of the earth. He spoke True where Mississippi's watersopenly, and none could mistake his

glassed the Temple's toweringmeaning."Says Judge Hosea Stout:

dome,"He does all his sly deeds before the True when Carthage sent its victimsassembled multitude. * * * I defy

to their desolated home!any man to produce one solitary ex- "True when fleeing from the hunters,ample of chicanery or doubledealing

as the antelope flees by;in his character or career."(Life of

True when camped 'mid death andBrigham Young, pp. 171172.)

sorrow, 'neath the silent winter 2. Dependability:

On one occasion a large number of sky; True in all that wondrous passageleading them several elders—among pilgrimage to peace, from strife;apostles and some of the witnesses of True in Utah's proud dominions,the Book of a council Mormon—held marked by thy devoted life;"in the upper room of the temple, their

object being to depose the Prophet and 3. Vision

appoint David Whitmer president of Where others saw a desert waste, the Church. Brigham Young, who Brigham Young saw orchards and

on other occasions frustrated their fields; where others saw huts, he saw

plans and exposed their evil designs, temples; where others said, "On to

was present also and by a characterCalifornia,"he said, "This is the istic speech defeated their scheme. He place,"and where others saw narrow

says: "I rose up, and told them in a highways, he saw broad streets and

plain and forcible manner that Joseph wide avenues. Where others saw the

was a Prophet; and I knew it; and Indian as an enemy, he saw him as a

that they might rail at and slander him brother; where others saw the trickling

as much as they pleased, they could not mountain creeks, he saw abundant irridestroy the appointment of the Progating streams. Where others saw only

phet of God; they could only destroy adversity, he saw prosperity. He saw

their own authority, cut the thread through the eyes of the ancient prophet which bound them to the Prophet and the mountain of the Lord's House esto God, and sink themselves to hell. tablished in the tops of the mountains,

Many were highly enraged at my deand all nations flowing unto it; he

cided opposition to their measures, and saw through the eyes of Joseph the

Jacob Bump (an old pugilist) was so Seer this people becoming mighty in exasperated that he could not be still. the Rocky Mountains, and he saw

Some of the brethren near put their more, he saw how to bring to pass

Oct.. 19291046 IMPROVEMENT ERA

what they saw. (See also Discourses sands of people were liberated from the

of Brigham Young, 736743.) bondage of poverty and oppression.

4. Love of Learning: And here must be noticed the coveHe studied books, men, methods, nant of the emigration, to show how

principles and nature. He was the faithfully it was have been kept—as

seeker of the whole truth, the truth of all Brigham Young's covenants as the things as they were, as they are, and leader of his people.

as they are to become. It is written of "Previous to leaving Nauvoo Preshim: "He could speak the language ident Young prompted the Latterday

of the stars, discourse eloquently reSaints to enter into a solemn covenant garding the organization of worlds, in the temple, that they would not and then in simple terms direct how to cease their exertions until every indiplow and plant and reap."vidual of them who desired and was

5. Appreciation of Art: unable to gather to the valley by his

Edgar Lee Masters, one of the first own means was brought to that place.

of presentday American poets, has No sooner were they located in the this to say concerning Brigham Young, Rocky Mountains, than the Church published in the Nation, Aug. 26, prepared to fulfill this covenant, ex1925: "Coming out of New England tending its application to the Saints

there both Joseph Smith and in all the world."(Life of Brigham—for

Brigham Young were was Young, by Tullidge, pp. 251252.) born—how

it that they (the 'Mormons') built a "When the Saints thus helped arrive theater at once, laid at once the cornerhere, they will give their obligations stone of the present temple, and began to the Church to refund the amount to cultivate music and dancing, so that they have received, as soon as circumtoday the city is excelled by none in stances will permit; and labor will be

America for its intelligence and love furnished, to such as wish, on the pubof art? For myself, if I were cribbed lic works, at good pay; and as fast

and confined in some village of Tenas they can procure the necessaries of nessee, I should go to Salt Lake City life, and a surplus, that surplus will be rather than to Sussex or Normandy."applied to liquidating their debt, and

The answer to the poet is because their thereby increase the perpetual fund.

great leader, Brigham Young, appre- "By this it will readily be discovered ciated art. that the funds are to be appropriated

in the form of a loan rather than a

II. Five of His Contributions: gift; and this will make the honest in

1 Brigham Young founded two heart rejoice, for they have to labor colleges: one the Brigham Young and not live on the charity of their

Academy, at Provo, and the other the friends, while the lazy idlers, if any

Brigham Young College at Logan. He such there be, will find fault and want

has the reputation of being the pioneer every luxury furnished them for the advocate of industrial education. journey, and in the end pay nothing."

2. He made recreation one of the (Extracts from letters from the First

essentials of the abundant life. Under Presidency to Bishop Hunter. See

his direction, the building of a theater Tullidge, pp. 451454.)

and the erection of a temple and a 4. He established a cooperative mertabernacle went on together. He encantile system, which protected his

couraged outdoor enjoyment, leading people against the greed of outside at one time two thousand of his peotraders, and gave to the Church an ple on a mountain hike. (See Essenenviable financial standing.

tials of Church History, p. 499.) 5. His discourses, are a source of

3. He founded the perpetual emireference; extracts from them form

gration fund, through which thoucontents of a volume of 743 pages.

Oct., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 1047

(Exhibit the book.) The character 8. "I am more afraid of covetousof his teaching may be judged by the ness in our elders than I am of the

following ten samples of his sayings: hordes of hell. Those who are covet-

1. "No being is fit to rule, govern ous and greedy, anxious to grasp the

and dictate, until he has been conwhole world, are all the time uneasy, trolled, governed and dictated, has and are constantly laying their plans yielded obedience to law, and proved and contriving how to obtain this, himself worthy, by magnifying the that, and the other."(P. 470.)

law that was over him, to be master of 9. "I do not know of any, exceptthat law."(Discourses of Brigham ing the unpardonable sin, that is

Young, page 548.) greater than the sin of ingratitude."

2. "I stand for constitutional law, (P. 352.)

and if any transgress, let them be tried 10. "Many of us have been taught

by it, and, if guilty, suffer its penalty."the doctrine of total depravity—that

(P. 549.) man is not naturally inclined to do

good. I am satisfied that he is more 3. "It is folly in the extreme for

persons to say that they love God, inclined to do right than to do wrong.

is a greater power within himwhen they do not love their brethren; There

and it is of no use for them to say that to shun evil and perform good than 1 20.) they have confidence in God, when to do the opposite."(P.

The following is taken from a letterthey have none in righteous men."(P.

by H. W. Laughy, managing editor 417.)

of the San Gabriel Valley Courier: 4. "My experience has taught me,

and it has become a principle with me, "I said to your Doctor Young, a day that it is never any benefit to give, out or two back, in the museum at the Taberand out, to man or woman, money, nacle, that I considered Moses a rank food, clothing, or anything else, if they fourthrater by comparison w)ith your are ablebodied, and can work and Brigham Young. Moses hid his followers,

earn what they need, when there is a people of common ideal, in the wilder anything on the earth for them to do."ness apart from contamination, and there

(P. 422.) for a period of forty years preached to them

5. "It never hurts my feelings to see submission to their God; yet we find the

young exurberant life and animation second generation of that same stock runmanifest themselves. Do not be disning hogwild over the hill country of

couraged about the follies of the Canaan and licking the living daylights young."(P. 324.) out of everything they could catch or

6. "Do not oppress the poor, but corner.

trust in God, and you will go neither "Brigham Young led a throng drawn hungry, naked, nor thirsty. If you from many nations, a people without a

oppress the poor, the day will come national tradition behind them, on a trek when you will be naked, thirsty, and which stands without a precedent in human hungry, and will not be able to get history. He sought no seclusion, faced

anything to supply your wants."(P. contamination in a thousand forms, and

465.) beat down barehanded every obstacle that

7. "This life is worth as much as came before him. He bowed the stiffest

any life that any being can possess in neck to meet the yoke, exalted the wild time or in eternity. There is no life and wayward to the sublimity of humility,

more precious to us in the eye of built tabernacles and temples to his God.

eternal wisdom and justice than the Today, in his second and third generations, life which we now possess. Our first we find his covenants stamped upon the

duty is to take care of this life."(P. descendants of every.singing pilgrim that

466.) marched behind him."

Oct., 1929 1048 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ADULT DEPARTMENT

A Century of Progress Those who have read the Manual researches have brought forth marvelfor the joint Adult. Department are ous results. All who read and study

enthusiastically singing its praises. It this manual will be thrilled with the

is a neat, attractive paperbound volthought of the glorious heritage that ume of 216 pages. Each of the 24 is ours who live now and are partaking

chapters is a thoughtful, almost reverof the blessing of this day.

ent discussion of the tremendous The manual is for sale at the general changes which have been wrought in office; price 40c.

the past onehundred years in the fields of religion, medicine, mechanical arts, Program Project and humanitarian movements. Truly

with the ushering in of the Gospel disRemember that the first Tuesday pensation a flood of light came into evening of each month is to be devoted the world. The spirit of the Lord has to a consideration of the Project on

rested mightily upon good men and Citizenship. Both the section studywomen everywhere, enlightening and ing the manual and the section in

quickening their powers of mind and genealogy are to unite on this evening spirit to a marked degree so that their for consideration of the Project.

COMMUNITY ACTIVITY DEPARTMENT

Outlines of Study Objectives b. Do you have competent dramatic

directors? (For October 1)

c. Does your recreation hall afford

I. Objectives in Drama (Based upon adequate theatrical facilities? What

the dramatic, social and linguistic improvements are needed? How may

urges. See pages 342, 403, 434 of they be achieved?

theM. I. A. Hand Book.) d. Does your audience present a difThe immediate objectives are: ficulty?

a. To develop ability in selfex- e. Which of the following types of

pression. drama is enjoyed most in your ward

b. To increase sympathy for the comedy, farce, melodrama or tragedy?

best in dramatic art and literature. Why?

c. To develop sympathy for types f. Are you able to give a production

and characters through understanding of sufficient excellence to maintain in and acting out of parts. your audience an attitude of detach-

d. To develop a deeper and broader ment toward the persons playing the

philosophy of life. roles?

II. Local Problems: g. Discuss the plays you produced

a. What are your particular (1) last year. Were they of a standard to

weaknesses (2) obstacles? raise the appreciation of worthwhile

Oct., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 1049

drama in your community? Since the project is introduced with the

h. Were you able, through your idea of furnishing the ward and the

plays, to develop in your audiences stake an evening of the best theater greater sympathy for an understanding entertainment possible, it is to be hoped of human vagaries? that the plays performed will cover

i. Has participation in plays been a considerable scope.

means toward better social adjustThe following suggested sources are ment for the players? intended to stimulate, rather than limit

j. Do you find it difficult to fill selection: Oneact Plays for Stage and

minor roles? If so, why? What is Study (Series 1, 2, 3 and 4)—Samuel

the remedy? French.

k. Discuss the matter of using the Harvard Workshop Plays.

names of the "leads"as advertising A Treasury of Plays for Women matter. Frank Shay; Little, Brown and Co.

III. Methods (How to achieve obUniversity of Utah Plays—B.

jectives): Roland Lewis.

a. Secure a coach with training and The following study suggestions

vision, and no other assignment. are given not merely with the idea of

b. Plan a comprehensive and purhelping committees in the matter of

poseful dramatic program. providing entertainment, but to help

c. Make a survey of your commudevelop a philosophy of recreation

nity for dramatic talent and equipwhich is at once psychologically and ment. socially sound. Ephemeral entertain-

d. Stimulate dramatic competition ment can be had with increasing ease.

between wards, with appropriate recogWe should aim to make our recreanition accorded. (The project for tional program one of the chief means

this year is one idea in this direction.) of social integration and cultural development.

(For October 8) By what criteria shall plays be is, upon what points As we begin what we hope will be judged: that

willM. I. A.'s most successful season up shall we base our selection? We

to date, Community Activity Comnecessarily be limited by:

1. Audience.mittees face the old problem—"What

plays shall we produce?"2. Ability and limitation of proContest: Those in charge of conduction group.

test work will welcome the greater 3. Theater (auditorium and stage)

latitude in play selection made possible facilities.

by the ruling of this, and the publica- 4. Royalties.tion of the M. I. A. Book of Plays, a 5. The plays themselves—materials

little volume containing six oneact dealt with and method of treatment.

plays, any one of which may be From the recreational point of view chosen for contest presentation. adopted by the M. I. A., No 5 is of

Project: The matter of play selecparamount importance. What kinds

tion for the project, "An evening of of plays shall we use? Unquestionone-act plays in every ward, the three ably, plays of merit. This sounds

best to tour the stake,"should be given simple, but when is a play of merit?

careful and intelligent study. Before The mere fact that an audience will

November first, all phases of this aclaugh heartily at one play, weep copitivity should be mapped out carefully. ously at another and sit rigidly intent

In any given stake, any or all of the from suppressed excitement at a third above mentioned plays may be used is not of itself an adequate reason for for project purposes, but the selection their presentation. There are shady

of plays is not limited to this volume. stories which are undeniably funny;

Oct., 1929i 050 IMPROVEMENT ERA

there are scenes charged with sentierted a tremendous influence for social mentality and falsity which will ingood. Another example of discrepduce tears in the unwary (which clasancy between verbal judgment and

sification includes most of us) and the actual response is to be found among depiction of murder, pillage and crimcertain moderns who hail filthy plays inal intrigue easily arouses interest and as great plays, when there is nothing excitement. save the realism of the filth to recom-

A play must be true. What constimend them. Many persons praise a

tutes literary truth? Although "Romeo play whose chief merit is that it gives

and Juliet"is not historical, is it true? vicarious play to their lascivious tenWould any youth, now or ever, use dencies. Therefore, we must beware

Romeo's language in his lovemaking? of being led astray by the verbal acOf course not. The language of this claim or disapproval with which a

play is highly poetic, and is replete play is received. A sound philosophy

with artistic beauty. The ideas and of life with its immediate corollary,

events it embodies, however, are hu- a sound philosophy of recreation, is manly true. On the other hand, a our only hope for developing adeplay may be intensely realistic and yet quate discretionary powers in the

be utterly false, as exemplified by "The matter of play selection.

Man Who Came Back."

Are the characters in a certain play Suggested Reading true to themselves? Sentimental plays

Woolbert and Nelson The Art ofoften warp characters out of all semInterpretative S. Crofts,blance of truth in order to have a Speech—F.

happy ending. What is the effect of N. Y. (pp. 3-52).

John Dolman The Art of Playsuch procedure on an audience?

N. Y. (pp. 1- Should a play aim to give recreate Production—Harper's,

by helping an audience escape realit 62.) (The best work on play proDiscuss the statement, "There is duction ever published. Every ward

should have access to one.)enough sadness in real life without

Emerson Taylor Practical Stagehaving to see it on the stage."

Directing for Amateurs. (Choice of Given a true play, it should be beauPlay.) tifully treated. Can tragedy be beau-

M. I. A. Hand Book (pp. 151165; tiful? Is there any beauty in Mac403-433).beth? If so, how and where? What

Juliet. constitutes a work of art? Why is Shakespeare Romeo and

Yale or Cambridge a kodak picture rarely considered a Macbeth—Rolfe,

work of art, whereas an oil painting Edition.

Frank Craven The First Year. or an etching of the same subject is Ibsen A Doll's House, Ghosts. artistic?

Note: These are suggested to give

Our spoken judgments are somebasis for discussion. The Shakespeare times in direct opposition to our acand Ibsen plays are not recommended tual impressions. Often a play is confor production. Which of the five

demned as being an immoral inlimitations would rule their selection fluence because it happens to deal with out?

the evil in the world, when as a matter of fact, its ultimate actual influence has Supplementary Reading been to stir up revolt against evil—an

effect undeniably moral. Some of Langfield The Aesthetic Attitude.

Ibsen's plays, for example, raised tre- G. Johnson Choosing a Play.

mendous verbal storms, and were deVernon Lee The Beautiful.

nounced as immoral and indecent, but Clayton Hamilton Conversations no one will deny that they have exon Contemporary Drama.

Oct., 1929 MUTUAL WORK 1051

William Archer Playmaking. 10. Is it easy to grasp the purpose

This reading list may at first glance and idea of this play?

appear formidable. Perhaps it is. The 11. If there is any religious truth

task before us is formidable. No really in the play, discuss it.

worthwhile mission is accomplished 12. Which lines appeal to you the

without persistent effort. Members of most?

Community Activity Committees have 1 3. Do you consider the play moral

a great program of personal education in effect?

ahead of them, and the success of their 14. Would we object to episodes,

service to the community will be measconversation or detail if the total effect ured by the degree of achievement atgained is moral?

tained in the study of their problems. 15. Is Patricia's character consistent? Does she change her mind too

Royalties easily in the matter with which the play is chiefly concerned?

If a play is worthy of presentation, Assignment: Read "Conversion"

the author merits some remuneration. in the M. I. A. Book of Plays, and

Producing a royalty play surrepticome to class prepared to discuss it.

tiously is stealing, and should not under any circumstances be permitted. Suggestions for the Study of

The possibility of being caught and "Conversion"suffering the subsequent penalties should not be the deterrent factor. (For October 22)

Sub rosa production of plays should be discouraged solely on the grounds 1. What is the idea or theme of the

that it is dishonest, and subversive of play?

"Mormon"ideals. No doubt many 2. How far do the characters in the

royalty rulings are unjust. Equitable play seem real, or how far do they

royalty ruling is one of the major seem adjusted to the thesis? Is the

national recreational problems. mother's character consistent, or merely

Assignment: Read "Soul Mates"calculated to prove the thesis?

in the M. I. A. Book of Plays, and 3. Is the idea convincing?

come to class prepared to discuss it. 4. Is the ending logical? Do you

feel reassured about the future of the

Suggestions for the Study of family?

"Soul Mates"5. Do you consider the play effective? Does it sound preachy, or does

1. Is the play humorous or serious the conversation appear normal?

in character? 6. What is the greatest appeal in

2. Do you consider the purpose the play?

humorous or serious? 7. Does the play sound unduly

3. What is your opinion of the "talky"? Is there sufficient interest

title? Is it well chosen? developed to carry a play?

4. What is a plot? 8. Can you draw any parallels

5. What is the plot of this play? from your own experience with any

6. What truth do you find in the of the characters here?

characterization? 9. How true is the psychology of

7. Where is the climax? the play? Are the people real? Do

8. If you have ever come across this you know any people like those in the

idea before in a play or in life, tell play?

about it. 10. Do you find any humor; is it in

9. What has led to the presence of plot, incident, line or characterization,

this situation in America? if any?

Oct.. 1929 1052 IMPROVEMENT ERA

1 1. Discuss each scene in the play a high school teacher, or graduate stuas to the contribution it makes to the dent of speech who might be happy to

advancement of story, idea or charserve in this capacity?

acter. What lines do you consider 3. Have you selected a different cast

pivotal in the development of the play? for each play, or is the same group

12. What would have to be contrying to present all three plays? Residered in directing the play, regarding member that one of the aims of drama

tempo, action, mood, etc.? in the Church is to give opportunity

as pos13. What are the biggest problems for participation to as many

confronting the director? sible in the ward.

14. Discuss the setting. 4. Were casts chosen by the tryout

15. A serious drama is always method, or by arbitrary selection? If the latter, are you not perhaps missingwritten with a goal in mind; a theme,

some of the latent talent in the ward,the development of a character, the and depriving some deserving membersexposition of a psychological condiof the opportunity for participation?tion, etc. What is the goal of this

play? Is it effectively achieved? What 5. Are you drawing as many peodo you think of this method of handple into activity as possible? It is

ling the subject of conversion? not necessary that acting ability alone

be considered; there is excellent opporNote: The Chairman of the Comtunity for scenepainters, property

munity Activity Committee in every men, stage managers, mechanics, elecward is requested to send to the Gentricians, carpenters, costumers, etc.

eral Office (47 East So. Temple, or 6. Are you endeavoring to develop

33 Bishop's Building, Salt Lake City) in the hearts of the young people the a list of the plays used for the project. right contest attitude by exhibiting it

yourselves? The influence of leaders

Project Discussion is extremely potent, and good sportsmanship is largely a matter of example.

(For October 29) 7. The Stake Community Activity

Committee will judge or provide "An Evening of oneact plays in judges on the evening of your project every Ward, the three best to tour the production, and select the three best

Stake."plays from all those presented in the

1 Have you selected your plays for stake, to make the tour of the stake.

presentation? Did you consider the Arrangement of all details of the tour

advisability of choosing three of disis in the hands of the stake officers.

tinctly different types? What would 8. If plays other than those sugbe the advantage of such choice? gested by the General Boards are to be

2. Have you a competent director? used, has consideration been given the

If not, have you looked about to find matter of royalty?

DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

Franklin S. Davis

In the death, August 21, 1929, of efficient secretary of the Department,

Franklin S. Davis, the Department of was familiar with every detail of the

Education suffered what seems at this work and administered the affairs of time an irreparable loss. He was the his office with a judgment, skill and

efficiency that stamped him as a man of unusual capacity and ability. His

winning ways and agreeable disposition endeared him to all who had business relations with him. By all of heat

these he will never be forgotten.

Talents and capabilities are in a your homemeasure inherited. They come with

birth. Some other personal qualitiesare "acquired"by individual effort. with

One of these is the quality of dependability. This quality Brother Davis

had developed to a high degree. He

never failed to do and to do well any- 'Vy THE IDEAL FUEL thing that he undertook. All of his

associates knew that any job assigned him would be done. If the same thing

could be truthfully said of every member of the Church, how much more brilliantly would shine "the light upon a hill that cannot be hid!"And yet

dependability is an acquired characNatural Gas allows you to enjoy teristic. the heating comforts and conFranklin S. Davis died while workveniences of a hotel * * * in your

ing at his desk in his 34th year. He own home. It releases you from

was born and reared in Salt Lake City, the seven or eight months'superwhere he lived all his life except during vision of your heating plant.

the period of his mission, 19171919, in the Northcentral States. From his And the true economy of Natural

youth he was always active in Church Gas heat is readily apparent when served as ward clerk, stake you take all the factors into conwork—had

superintendent of Religion Classes, sideration. Our House Heating

teacher of English in the Missionary Department will gladly give you

Home, and in many other positions. further information, and answer

For nearly nine years he served as any questions you may have. Find

secretary in the Department of Educaout, now, about Natural Gas for tion. In this position he wrote many heating your home.

letters. Myriads of these were gems

of elegant diction and through them breathed the spirit of genuine love.

The manner of his living, the quality of his service, the richness of UTAH GAS & COKE CO.

his personality stamped him upon the

CO. minds and hearts of all his associates OGDEN GAS

as an ideal Latterday Saint. WASATCH GAS CO.

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO. 33 WEST BROADWAY

COSTUMES. One of the main parts of every show

The essential of every masquerade

MASKS. A little diversion is good for the best of men.

PLAY BOOKS. Thousands to select from. The largest and the best list.

TOUPEES. The greatest factor to bring back your youthful appearance. Evening

Gowns. Wedding Dresses, Evening Suits, Silk Hats. Everything suitable for the

most select social affairs. We save you money.

Send to us for anything you need to make your leisure more pleasant.

Catalog free.

SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

P. O. BOX 998 WASATCH 999

The proposed new calendar would have an extra Sunday, and we are against that. There are far too many automobile accidents—Nashvilleas mattersBanner.stand.

"The way for you to straighten out your financial difficulties is to live within your means for a while, until you get square."

"Within our means? I should say not! We may be poor, but we're not

as badly off as all that."Montreal Star.

"So you got a big fine for smashing up someone's car? I thought youi

said you had a friend at court who would fix things for you?"

"Just my luck. He was the fellow I ran into."Judge.

For Diamonds "Mother,"asked little Jack, "is it and Watches correct to say that you water a horse?"

"Yes, dear,"replied his mother.

Come to Jensen's "Well, then,"said Jack, picking up the old reliable a saucer, "I'm going to milk the cat."

jeweler.—Vancouver Province.

WRIST WATCHES Fond Parent: 'What's the matter,

with metal bands my dear?"

Special $10 Daughter: "Freddie and I have

Others $5 to $100 parted company forever."

Fond Parent: "Um! In that case I

suppose he won't be around here for a couple of nights."- TidBits.

Beautiful Diamond said a word for Rings He: "You haven't twenty minutes."

I don't have anything $50—$100—$150 She: "Well,

to say."Watch and Jewelry Repairing He: "Don't you ever say anything

when you have nothing to say?"

She: "No."ENS E N S-I EWE L E RS

1 8 7 jf He: "Well, then, will you be my 11 MAIN ST. J EST.

wife?"- Capper's Weekly.

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Co. Elias Morris & Sons

GEO. Q. MORRIS, Manager

Mantels, Tiles and Memorials Set in All Parts of the West

Write for Information

"Where the Fire Burns"21 West South Temple St., Salt Lake City, Utah

"Did ye notice that Mrs. Binks 'as got a black heye?"

"Yus, it ain't respectable, 'er with 'er 'usband not out of prison for another week yet."Everybody's Weekly (London).

"You are called as a witness of the quarrel between your friend and his wife. Were you present at the beginning of the trouble?"

"Certainly! I was a witness at their wedding."Ulk (Berlin)

Customer: "I should like to try that frock on in the window."

Assistant: "Sorry, madam, but the management will not allow that.

Would you care to try it on in our private fitting room."Everybody's Weekly.

More than 23 years ago—

Keeley's, Incorporated, established its first store in

Salt Lake. Today, seven stores in three cities serve

thousands of patrons daily; 1,500 dealers in four

states offer Keeley Quality Products to their

customers.

Fine Candies, Luncheons, Fountain Service 100% Owned and Managed by Utah People

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Advertising Policy of the Era We accept only the hlgrhest clous of advertising;. We recommend to our

Readers the firms and goods found in our advertising; paces

ADVERTISERS IN THIS ISSUE Beneficial Life Ins. Co. Jensen Jewelers

Bennett Glass & Paint Co. Keeley's Incorporated

Boyd Park Jewelry Co. L. D. S. Business College

Continental Oil Co. Salt Lake Costume Co.

DaynesBeebe Music Co. Southern Pacific Lines

Daynes Jewelry Co. Utah Gas & Coke Co.

Deseret News Utah Home Fire Ins. Co. Elias Morris & Sons

Fleischmann's Teast UtahIdaho Sugar Co.

Great Western Radio Corp. Zion's Cooperative Merc. Inst.

It is still possible for the pedestrian practically to assure his safety if he pursues his course around the block without leaving the sidewalk. Troy Times.

The druggist was awakened long after midnight by the violent ringing of his doorbell. On looking out his window, he saw a young miss in evening

clothes. "What's the matter?"he cried, as he pulled on his dressinggown. "Somebody ill?"

"Oh, no,"she cried gaily; "but I'm at a dance close by and I've mislaid

my rouge.""Really?"asked the druggist, softly. "Well, I'm sorry, but I never keep

enough rouge in stock to cover a cheek like yours!"London Answers.

Wedding Announcements

and Invitations

Be sure to see us before ordering your announcements or invitations. If you are unable to come in, don't hesitate to write for samples

and prices. You should entrust this work to a firm that assures you

the newest in style and correctness in taste. Our line is complete.

Printed, Process Embossed, and Engraved, Prices are right.

Ru"-*j

The Deseret News Press 29 Richards Street Salt Lake City

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Will Dobson, whose contributions have often appeared in the Era and in

M. I. A. manuals, is the author of the

story, "From Within,"which we present in this number. It is something

entirely out of the ordinary and will prove profitable reading.

Prof. Frank Arnold, of the U. A-

a keen observer and a gifted writer,C gives an interesting bit of description in this issue with the title, "A Unique

Specialize in making upUtah Tree."We

Stage Curtains and Dr. J. H. Paul writes in a semihu-

morous style of a "Monster Worth Draperies

While."This treats of the old soModern and up to the Minnie.called Bear Lake monster which a few

decades ago had more of a reputation Our work shop is equipped with the very than it now has. latest appliances.

Call at Z. C. M. I.

Drapery Department A little moonlight, now and then, Let Our Decorator Give You an Estimate

FREE OF CHARGE Will—Albanymarry off theKnickerbockerbest of men.Press.

UTAH MADE SUGAR The Equal of any Sugar in the World.

100% Pure 100% Fine 100% For Utah

Beet Sugar on Every Table Beet Sugar for Preserving Beet Sugar for Everything

IfHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

There ia One Safe Guide to Diamond Values of Utah since 1862 it is the name Boyd Park—Jewelers to the people

and Up $50.00—$75.00—$100.00

Tune in on K. S. L. every Wednesday BOYD PARK evening and hear the interesting talks JEWELERS j/

on Diamond values by Boyd Park. WO MAIN STREET SALT LAKE CITY

It costs no more to buy here

There doesn't seem to be any sane reason for repealing a law simply because criminals don't like to stay in jail. Toledo Blade.

One of life's funniest mysteries is why a wife whose husband is about as pleasant as an earthquake to have around, will lie awake half the night worrying because she is afraid some other woman is going to walk off with him. Cincinnati Enquirer.

*r* n> *f* *t* The French official was the epitome of courtesy. When the grande dame

appeared for a passport, he could not hurt her, despite a disfigurement, so he wrote:

. Boston beautiful, tender, expressive (but one missing) Eyes—dark,

Transcript.

Knocks out that Knock!

The new, highcompression motors, and motors choked with carbon, put new demands on motor fuel. Ordinary

gasolines won't do.

With Conoco Ethyl Gasoline in your tank, your motor performs at its best. Conoco Ethyl results in less gearshifting, a cooler running motor and more power with

extra mileage.

Any motor steps into the highcompression class with

Conoco Ethyl gasoline. But

All red gasolines are not Conoco Ethyl. To be sure

of quality, look for the Conoco Ethyl sign.

Continental Oil Company Producers and Refiners of Conoco Products

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Daynes New Improved Sanitary Individual Sacrament Sets NEARLY EVERY WARD IS USING THEM

A set for a Meeting or Sunday School of 144 people consists of the following:

4 Trays with 36 glasses in each at $11.00 $44.00

1 Instantaneous Filler, patented. With this filler you can fill 144

glasses in one minute without spilling a drop 8.50

4 Sterilizing Discs to sterilize all the glasses at once, without touching a glass, at $8.00 32.00

1 Sterilizing Rack 3.00

1 Sterilizing Tank to sterilize all the glasses in and keep them from dust 2.50

$90.00 We Supply Extra Glasses at $1.50 ESTABLISHED

a Dozen * /\ 1862 Aluminum Cups at $2.50 a Dozen

Send for Free Circular SOLD ONLY AT 128 MAIN ST

FOR MOTHER AND CHILD

Both the expectant and the nursing mother need food that win replace thephosphorus and lime given up to the infant. Flelschmann'g Yeast, irradiatedby a new scientific process, contains the "sunshine"vitamin O, and replaces theseboneand-tooth hardeningin elements the mother and strengthens the unbornchild (soft, against rickets crooked bones).

A nationa l advertising campaign and a nationwide Radio broadcast will teU people everywhere of this new discovery. Grocers should be ready to takethe fullest advantage of this publicity.

Fleischmann's Yeast Service

Fire Is No Respecter Of Persons

You may wait till tomorrow to insure but the fire may not.

"See our agent in your town"UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

HEBER J. GRANT & CO, General Agents Salt Lake City, Utah

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 'For the Adornment and Protection of All Surfaces"Use BENNETT'S "Property Life Insurance"PAEST PRODUCTS Buy them from your local dealer

An Overall with a Classy Appearance MOUNTAINEER EXPRESS STRIPE OVERALLS GUARANTEED FOR QUALITY, FIT, AND SERVICE A clean, neat appearing garment for the Store Clerk, the Flour Mill

Operator, the Dairyman, the Garage Man, the Teamster None Too Large None Too Small

BENEFICIAL INSURANCE—

NOT ONLY DO YOU RECEIVE ALL THE GUARANTEES WRITTEN IN OUR

POLICIES, BUT IN ADDITION YOU SHARE IN THE PROFITS OF THE COMPANY

THIS PARTICIPATING INSURANCE SOLD AT OUR OLD

NONPARTICIPATING RATES Insuring tlie Best there Is in Life Insurance and Issued by

THE BIG HOME COMPANY Beneficial Life Insurance Co.

Home Office, Vermont Building, Salt Lake City. Utah

HEBER J. GRANT, President E. T. RALPHS, Gen. Mgr,

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA