**&%* "/%m tfy%

Jim.iilflfff

A*"*

HMag****--*,

TEMPLE SQUARE

CHURCH./-JESUS CHRIST

FLATTERDAY SAINTS, Inquire at the BureauofInformation for Free Guide Service Please DO NOT SMOKE on these grounds.

Ha! Cook joins crook enjoying illgotten gains. Who says crime doesn't

Swell cold roast U'm'm. pay? and............,,—-—,......-:.. -- -, --,..-..J -\ > f that's attractive negligee, a VERY

darling. Might as WELL join in. Wouldn't Psst! It's I, Flexy, folks! I helped

be enough roast left for toher cook that delicious roast..

morrow'smorrow's,wt,..lunch, anyway. But with flexible heat control. And

don't think you can square yourhere's the recipe, tested by your s company'scompany HHome Service \ it!Ut 1 X T..Try self with compliments. J gasgasDepartment.

J

RECIPE

"oast or UM6 k""b?"n crowncrown

2 c"Ps dry b re. 2,C,

* On!onionsSPOnS ted

H=ve crown B<",>,,""*"HM"C

\ f So/ Jumping at conclusions /T Am I lucky!

\ Marvelous again. Of course, you DID buy

meals and me this gorgeous "CP"gas

KISSES, too. range. Why, with the automatic

control,control, ovenoven heatneaf thatthat reroast WlWtSTV****** it<e>lfitself. almostalmost.. LastLastIncfnno mnlcpdcooked ione

upstairs turns out all lights!i

J

FUELMOUNTAIN SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentysix Utah and Wyoming Communities ilAjnivsuibJL

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Tt has been reported that the speed of growth of potatoes has been increased 100 percent by treatment with ethylene When a fellow's hungry -or a gal is tired gas. "Vew trees have been measured to be Anytime s the time forabout 3,200 years old, and oaks about 1,500.

A man standing erect on an airplane **"wing traveling 115 miles an hour would have to brace himself with a force equal to his own weight to keep from being blown off. Dr. H. G. Armstrong has demonstrated indirectly that

the pressure of wind blowing 800 miles tolerated bean hour could by friction for the exceptsupported body, a well- - or a picnic s going on GRHHRMS/, purity of the skin, and for the fact that the clothing would be blown off, and that PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY breathing would be impossible. P. O. Box 1016

Salt Lake City 10, Utah Please send me my FREE trial package of Honey Bee Grahams;

Measurements on snow melting and Name evaporation by A. R. Croft in the Address

Wasatch Range in central Utah found City State that the snow melted at a maximum rate of almost two inches of water a day. If

the air was not allowed to move over the snow, the melting was above half as much, but if the snow surface was darkened with dust and soot, the melting was twice as great; the maximum evaporation rate is one sixteenth of an inch of

water per day.

7V survey by Chrysler Corporation "has found that just under a third of the over fourteen million centrally heated homes in the United States have automatically operated furnaces. Of the

automatic types, about half are oil fired, a quarter gas, and about one percent stoker.

["ava cools only an inch a year on the surface, and much slower in the depths, it has been found in Hawaii.

A substitute for shellac from India * has been developed from a resin named "zein"derived from corn.

it is in superior to shellacThough many YOU'LL FIND IBfSFIEHTIOM it isqualities for not suitable phonograph records. FOR LOVELY DECORATIVE

EFFECTS 'T'he Arabic language, used by about in the wallpapers with exclusive 250 million people has about three suggestions for hundred different words for "horse,"perfectly matching paint colors with poetic scores highly of words 65 BENNETT'S, FIRST and AT WEST to describe horses synonyms SOUTH of almost

PAINT AND ZCMI DEPARTMENT every kind. age and also are There for Bennett's sale Wallpapers and Paints at Bennett Branches and dealersmany hundred different words for Idaho. in Utah and

"camel"and for "sword."

JUNE 1946 353 wnnannad kt QtipTetttetit cdCamentBy Elizabeth Jane Haring

sorry for really JUNE, 1946 VOLUME 49, NO. 6 I'm

skies the "THE VOICE OF THE CHURCH"They've wept and

Official Organ of the Priesthood Quorums, Mutual Improvement wept

Committee, Ward Music of Education, Department Associations, of times so out of Because of Jesus Christ Church of the Other Agencies Teachers, and of tune

Saints Latterday Jke Lcover And now it's hard to wipe the tears conferJune Since their eyes out From official is the ence June! with laugh for To home""welcome the servicemen and Jke (L*ditor5 J-aae

women, this cover indicates the spirit of Concerning Gratitude George Albert Smith 365 friendliness that will occathat prevail on 8, 9, 7, sion, June 10. Lkurch jreatured /\ebroadca6t ojp

will be reception The taberthe Give Me Neither Poverty Nor Riches Charles A* Callis 366 Jimday fP/ornlni held outside

Marvin O* Ashton 367 Temple Threeact Farce on nacle A generthe Square, and Consecration, Some Distinguishing Features.- on SJemple Square>V

al sessions will conFeramorz Y Fox 368 historic the 2, in vene June 372 B* Jex Frank in Holland Beginning the Church I Saw is As cover building. The rebroadwill 374 Brasher F* KSL Conference Tokyo by photograph from a "Sunday t the c a s the Believe Reconciliations: and Evidences CV—CanBurtonWe adapted Rumel, Hal Temple on Morning 385 Widtsoe A* of Mormon?...John to the Book Witnesses use by cover for by broadcast Square"

Charles Jacobsen. Pennsylvania to Honor HarNo-LiquorTobacco Column transcription at ten to

mony, Albert L. Zobell, Jr 359 395 ten thirty p.m. MounEditors A Observance,Short Story onO.SabbathH. Snow'..Day..360 Genealogy:(See also pp.English355, 362,Parish373.) Remember,tain Standardif youTime.live

George Albert Smith The Church Moves On 382 Registers Being Microin an area where there

John A. Widtsoe Mutual Messages 392 filmed, Archibald F. Benis KSL coverage, it is

Managing Editor Priesthood: Melchizedek 394 nett 399 1160 on your dial evRichard L. Evans Aaronic 397 Money Grows On the Famery Sunday evening

it's ten o'clock in Ward Teaching 398 ily Tree, Eugene Olson....399 when

Associate Editor the mountains.

Marba C. Josephson

General Manager Speclal seatums

Morris Q. George

370 Brooks Temple George St The Editorial Executive and Manager Associate 373 Facts Liquor Facing Offices: Cannon Lucy G. 375 the Agriculturist Franklin, Benjamin Juanita—Street, North Main Manager Business 377 50 Cannon George L of the Rock The Dome Utah. 1, City Salt Lake Giles D. John 378 L. Evans from Temple Square...Richard Spoken Word The

Associates Editorial 1946 Copyright by MuLife, Ed- T. Joseph Clean FrankThe Universe, the Exploring J. Moffitt Elizabeth Inc., Cor- a tual Funds, 362 munds 353 Harris, lin S. Jr Zobell,Jr. L. Albert of the Young poration 364 L. Pansy Hardy Values, and Tabernacle Defile Your Lundstrom Harold ImproveMutual Men's 381 the Bookrack Francis Destroy, On Will God of the Association ment of His Place Own, Homing: 355 Advertising National A L. Lund of Christ of Jesus Church 386 Mallory Lucia the for Representatives Can Do What We All Saints. Latterday 386 School Parent and Servicemen Returning Mayo, Francis M. reserved. Subscriprights 386 Here's 356 How Longden John Women? City Salt Lake year, price, tion a $2.00 B. Corner, Josephine Cook's Purpose, James a Wise For S. Townsend, Edward single in advance; 20c 387 Nichols 357 LeSueur Francisco and W. San copy. 387 Hints Handy Lucile Fathers, D. to Tribute Los Angeles

Dougan and Bolle, Smith 358 Your Page and Ours 416 Entered at the Post

Chicago and Office, Salt Lake City, secondclass Utah, as New York for Acceptance Member, of special rate at Audit Bureau of (L-ditoriatd matter.mailing

Circulations Letter of First Presidency Concerning Sacrament 384 postage provided for in 1 103, Act of OcOur Girls—and Our Boys Richard L* Evans 384 section

Change of Address: tober, 1917, authorized

Fifteen days'notice reJuly 2, 1918.

quired for change of adStories, J-oetifij The Improvement Era ordering dress. When

include a Something Lost - Arthur B. Parker 376 solicitedis not responsiblemanuscripts,for unbut please change,

stencil impression from a Spring's Lament, Elizabeth Frontispiece: Cloud Break, welcomes contributions.

of issue the recent maga363 Bareille Laura 354 Haring Jane All be manuscripts must zine. changes Address Hearts, Ruth Broken With suffiby accompanied S. Prayer, Sailor's Edna unless cannot be made A 366 Fox May for delivery cient postage 358 Dustin well as as address the old 380 Poetry Page and return. is included. the one new F. Thistle, Ethel Blossoming Lincoln ThomSupplication,

son - 360 White 402 354 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

<uJefde l/four Jabemacle and

GOD WILL DESTROY

ThoseApostlearePaul,the wordsand theyspokenstand bytodaythe 5m jrrancid oL. oLund

as a challenge of God's dislike for those things that tend to destroy our six and a half degrees C. (Average decrease

bodies and disqualify us in the sight 3.2 C.) These changes of temperature

of our Creator. Even though we are lasted from thirty minutes to two hours.

likeness in Father in the of ourborn ten increased pressure from Third—Blood the must followheaven, sound we to increase thirtyfive points nine- (average

health principles he gave us, if we are teen points) systolic (contracting action of to retain our physical fitness. the heart and arteries), and from six to

Recently a medical convention went twenty points (average increase fourteen on record to endorse the fact that "Alpoints) diastolic (dilation period of heart cohol shortens man's life, damages his or backstroke).

brain, heart, lungs, and tissues of the Fourth—Pulse rate increased from twenty

body."to fiftytwo beats per minute (average inAn extensive investigation of the accrease thirtytwo beats).

tions on the human body from the result carof the experiments The that of tobacco if a boy,smoking shows ried out with material other than tobacstandardtwenty years old, smokes two cigarets, he would immediately have a co did not produce the same results or blood pressure and pulse rate of a even a part of the physical changes.

normal man thirtyfive to forty years of age and a man of forty who smokes would have a normal blood pressure of a man of sixty. This investigation was

conducted by Grace M. Roth, Ph.D.;

Captain John B. McDonald, M.D., of

the United States Army Medical corps;

and Charles Sheard, Ph.D., of Rochester, Minnesota; and their findings were

published in the American Medical

Journal.

The group of subjects chosen for the tests were both male and female and of various ages, all in normal health.

The experiments were carried out in However, the sympathetic nerve system exacting detail to the most meetevery did degree a fraction of one show digest science, ofrequirements and in fingers in of change temperature and they were as follows toes on some of the subjects.

A—Each subject smoked two standard The physical activities and positions

cigaretsB—Eachin succession.subject smoked cigarets made norof thedidsubjectsthe mentaldidaspect,not causebut thea change,actual

fromC—Eachmaterial subjectother thanwenttobacco.through the smokingchanges inofall tobaccothe subjectsmadetested.all the

physical motions of smoking only. Normal body temperature is 98.6 desubject was D—Each if this injected by vein grees, raises and or lowers from F&Otfhr the world's

nicotine. ofwith small amount three degrees, immediately two to we

The above four tests were carried call our physician. Yet, they who starving millions is

out on each subject under the following smoke, lower the temperature of their conditions digits from two to six degrees, and some would say there is no harm in an ocmoving today via 1—While in resting position casional cigaret.

2—-While in sitting position Medical science can do very little for Western Pacific fast

3—While walking slowly high blood pressure, and this condition

4—While in normal activity whoclaimssmokemany trylivestoeachconsoleyear. themselvesYet some freight. Do your part...

5—While lightly clothed by thinking that a ten to thirtyfive

6—While fully clothed point increase can do no harm. And

Conserve/ The final tests proved conclusively lastour butheartnotalarmsleast theus. slightestYet smokingchangetwoin

that each subject that smoked the cigarets will cause an increase from standard tobacco cigarets experienced twenty to fortyfour beats per minute.

four physical changes Let those who would smoke or trifle *?& SeoUc &ee /4t**44 s4me*le4 First—Decrease in cutaneous temperature with the idea of an occasional cigaret

0.7 to four Centigrade. degreesof toes from these facts science. ponder of We

1.8 decrease C.) (Average should read them over over and beWESTERN PACIFIC

cause doctors have in proved tempercutaneous Second—Decrease the fact that &2**> e* ymtylL fifth to tobaccoature of fingers from one and one is not good for man.

JUNE 1946 355

tL WHAT CAN WE DO A FOOD Ret rnina S>ewlcemen and l/[/omen i

FLAVORFACT ray contact with the young men and By JOHN LONGDEN

INwomen in the service I have decided Assistant Coordinator for L.D.S.

one thing: If their needs and reServicemen

quirements could be stated in a few words, the words would be "firm understanding."Yes, understanding a

hundred different things about them.

How important to know and understand Let's go further than the bride who is that most likely the boy to whom we saving ideas for their dream home; let's

tearfully waved goodbye, as he recollect and assemble ideas on how to turns to us, has really not changed spiritualize our own lives and the lives at all. If he was no angel when of the people we love, then our homes

he left, the lad will most likely be no will become spiritual castles, shrines of angel when he returns: A little sobered purity, bulwarks against the sins of the

to begin with, perhaps, but basically world!lockerap still the same. If he left with a religious What can the Church do?

locks in flavor turnthat sameof mind,religioushe mosttendency.likely returns with For years priesthood quorums have

been looking for projects and ways of # Here's good news for "freezeat- We know that these boys and girls keeping their quorum members busy.

these are returning, as our boys their into Today, to to return to fit want homeshomers"! LOCKERAP, the frozen as really challenged are being quorums left the places too they without much

paper preferredmeat wrapping by the into efficiency in reaching to their big, fanfare, a great no flattering—just lives years During the of their members.professional operators, lockerplant is loving there pat on the back. Some

available to you now. will be, who might thrive a little too just passed bishops and quorums should

much on the hero worship they will have kept in touch with the boys and haptheir families, has what to know truly must and for them weLOCKERAP is moisturevapor-proof receive, their in servtime to them during to help understanding them pened have firm so that it locks in the flavorfull nato realize that living on past accomice. In many instances this has been

tural juices of fresh meat as it locks plishments never brings real growth; sorely neglected, or shall we say, put

off until "tomorWell, "tomorrow."they must achieved have what beout drying, subzero air. that too late is here, not and it is still row"to steppingstone only as a used what

they will be able to accomplish in the for us to help these men (as President

Get your handy homesize roll of future. Others will return disillusioned. Smith prayed) "to lay a foundation

LOCKERAP at your grocer's or lockThese will require more tender care and upon which to establish righteous charerplant now certainly deeper understanding! acter and become useful in developing

the Church and kingdom of God in the

There are three agencies which will earth."

have an effect on the lives of these boys: the home, the church, and the Tn many homes during the war years,

community. In my estimation the first the wives have learned to be mother

two are very, very important, and with and father in the family, managing the these two taken care of, the communichildren, the budget and what not—and

ty's problems will be mostly solved. they've done a mighty fine job in the

aggregate. Comes now the time when

VS7hat can the home do? the husband will want to take his place

I know the bride of a sailor, in that home. Someone, perhaps the

whose eyes sparkled when she told me bishop, must say to many of these that she has collected all sorts of plans young people, both wives and husand ideas for their dream home. She bands, fathers, mothers, and sons and

assembled them in a scrapbook, and daughters, "Be patient with each other.

every time she saw anything that had to Strive to understand the other's point do with homemaking that was interof view. Be prayerful and humble that

esting to her, she "popped it into the you may help to rebuild the world."

dream book,"Another wife did not The problems in different wards and spend any of the money that had been communities will vary, so no ironher allotment, and that is to be used bound rule can be laid down, and this as the starter for "our business career."business of helping returning veterans

What a warm spirit greeted these boys is so big and has so many sides, that one on their return! But it is not going to be can not hope to scratch even the surpossible for all to have dream homes, face in suggesting ways to help them,

nor to be able to enter immediately into but there are some factors that are a business career. The financial setup basic: "And the Lord said unto Cain:

of each boy is bound to be different. (Concluded on page 401

356 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOR A lAJide f<u,n"pose IMPORTANT BOOKS By W. LeSUEUR JAMES

... prophet Joel visualized a period for busy readersTHEwhen the "old men shall dream

dreams, and young men shall see visions,"and it would be at a time when MAN AND THE DRAGON people. his gatherthe Lord would

to have By Dr. John A. Widtsoe seem visions and Dreams

guided a family to where they would Eightyfour practical gospel themes in Dr. included are Widtsoe's newest into them led have and to the truthhear subjects: typical book. are Here of instance the in service,important of the Mor- "Scholarship Book and of Estill Benjamin Sister andBrother of Gift the Holy "The mon,"Ghost"

Mesa, Arizona. "Spiritual Eyes,""The Tithepayer's

They were living in Kansas City, Reward."Each article is concise,

Missouri, but they did not feel satisfied, modern, enriched with choice anecapplications. homely and famidotes their having of desirous wereand

this will find old book Young and They way. better up in a broughtly $2.00. while. interesting worth and would Lord the that prayed andfasted

guide them.

On the night of October 2, 1930, they were both impressed by a dream of similar nature. In their dreams they saw

a and employment offer thema man IS THEIRS THE KINGDOM to them take would that ticketrailroad

J. Ashton Wendell By live. Each should they where west,the

of eight biographies fascinating are Here be offer would this that dreamedone history: in important characters Mormon the of twentieth day the on them Angell, Aurelia Rogers, O. Spencermade Truman

next March. R. M. Bryce Thomas, Evan Stephens, ThomRichard Pyper, D. L. Kane, George in as stockyards at the working While Jones. Each character Ballantyne, and Dan cars of to unload helping City,Kansas You'll beatitudes. of the exemplifies one

sheep for an owner from Buckeye, Arithoroughly enjoy this excellent contribution to L. D. S. Church literature. IllusEstill if he Brother askedzona, the man

$2.00. trated. a him. for He took like to workwould

railroad ticket from his pocket and offered it to Brother Estill saying that the MINUTE SERMONS man who came with him was not reCompiled by Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

turning and that he might as well use No matter how powerful an entire sermon aptlyworded occasional there are be. may ticket. returnthe

jewels. that Here out like stand thoughts Brother dream, the Remembering of such pocketsized book handy, is a the his wife askedEstill teachthe home and went selected from sparkling gems,

leaders, both past and tohapings of Church was what and month of theday or teacher, speaker, the For present. replied, "The She day. that onpen colthis is choice casual reader a were you the day March, oftwentieth $1.00. lection to at.. hand. have.

to have fare offered you to go west."

"Well, here is the ticket, said Brother Estill.

He arrived in Phoenix on March 26, NO MA'AM, THAT'S NOT and made inquiry at the Chamber of HISTORY

Commerce regarding a place to find By Hugh Nibley. Ph.D.

work, as his employer had sold out. He Dr. Nibley replies sharply to the book

(F. M. HISTORY MY KNOWS NO MAN to President referredwas that the asserting Brodie, 1945), Knopf,

Stake, who calledJ. R.upPriceMesa,ofthe Phoenix that selects the only evidence author

claims about her Joseph adverse supports and answered Brotherwhere J.J. Huber not. rejecting Smith, does He him live with Estill couldsaid Brother that authors from points out whom manythat which

material her Brodie have draws Mrs. President employment. receiveand or discredited utterly of doubtare been was to he thought he told himPrice ful reliability You'll want as historians. DDKCRAFT a thing to read this bookl Price, 50 cents. work, temple to do westcome 18 Richards St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah working While him. toentirely new

Estill Brother Huber,for Brother saw Fill out and mail this coupon its best, life at family SaintLatterday of $2.00 Prince Ur The him. leave to began prejudice hisand BOOKCRAFT D. Y. Widtsoe Susa By Gates—Leah

it eventually services, $2.00 and St., I, Salt City 18 Quest Richards attended Utah The LakeHe

F. Ursenbach O. By to come that he was him upondawned...$2.00 the Please below: send checked books Johnny

to help and Stradling join Harriet Church the Compiled J. by towest *....$2.00 the Dragon and Man $2.50 Everlasting Song n dead. kindred his Dr. A.save Widtsoe By John Bailey Paul By

........$1.85 Reconciliations Evidences and all they $2.25 family, his and Mansions for His sent Many He Dr. A. Widtsoe By John S. Howells Rulon By they ago Sometime Church. the of $2.50 Wilfordjoined Woodruff Discourses

were called as missionaries in the PhoeTheirsCompiledIs thebyKingdomDr. G. Homer Durham $2.00 Payment enclosed. Send C.O.D.

nix Stake, and during the period of By Wendell J. Ashton Name their mission they were the means of MinuteCompiledSermonsby Albert L. Zobell, Jr. $1.00 Address

bringing thirtyone souls into the No Ma'am, That's Not History $0.50

Church. By Dr. Hugh Nibley

{Concluded on page 390) JUNE 1946 357

JnbiAte TO FATHERS

By LUCILE D. SMITH As I look about, I seem to see that

( Written on Father's Day for her the role my father has played in life is own father.) characteristic of that enacted by most

fathers of my acquaintance. In order

to meet the needs of the day, to proclothing, the food, vide and homes, attribute father's of my social and our physical urgent needs of faith in his God, Theis hisgreatestfaith—faith

in his religion, faith in his brethren life, fathers everywhere are striving to and sisters, faith in righteousness, faith the best of their ability to meet the very in a plan of life. "... faith is the subgreat challenge of parenthood.

stance of things hoped for, the evidence Because men are in a world of vast of things not seen."(Hebrews 11:1.) competition in trying to wrest a living

With a background of the faith, my for their families, we find that many father has had a lifetime of hope, of fathers are well informed about financourage, of an eternal youth, for youth cial affairs, politics, current events, and is an age of faith. His faith has kept the affairs of those closely associated

his life clean, and full of purpose and with them. We also notice a type of

meaning. As Christ has said, "He that courage in men, the courage to try

findeth his life shall lose it; and he that again, and try again under most disloseth his life for my sake shall find it."heartening situations. We also know of

(Matthew 10:39.) So, my father, in the development of balance, poise, abilseeking the interests and welfare of ity to weigh, judge, and evaluate parothers above his own, has found his enthood responsibilities.

life, and he has found it rich, pleasurFatherhood denotes leadership, the able, satisfying. His has been a life of head of the family, both temporally and

ceaseless toil, endless days of hard, tirspiritually. Through trial and error,

ing labor, sacrifice for his loved ones. success and failure, new obstacles are

Share Thedreambuildingof the "betterof a betterthings"place,which thewe graduallyconquered;acquired.strength and judgment are

all project for the lives of our children, the struggle for an education, for exWhat is man, that thou art mindful of visitest that thou the of and man, him? son

all of perience, for advantages, little hast lower it him? thou For him a made A MEALbenefit of his the dear ones planned for hast angels, than the and him crowned—and so very little of it to be taken glory and honour. with Save for himself. Thou madest him to have dominion over

My father's faith is comparable to the works of thy hands. (Psalm 8:4-6.)

that faith eulogized by the psalmist

The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not A LIFE.'want. A SAILOR'S PRAYER

lie in green pasto maketh down S. Dustin me He By Edna This Contributed Message

still waters. the tures: beside he leadeth me

Hotel By the Utah leadeth restoreth in Cooperation he soul; that praying in I- used to say me was for girls; He my

in calling a myth. I took delight You

to it smart With the President's Famine sake.the paths of righteousness for his name's I thought Darwin prove how

I valley the through Yea, Emergency Committee tries though walk with monkey To turn into man—for evil: I will fear of death, of the no shadow

there's tale, a fellow think how can staff This thy for thy rod and art with me; thou

they comfort me. You?

Thou prepares! a table before me in the I said that only sissies went to church

presence of mine enemies: thou anointest The Sabbath was for playing ball, or knew

my head with oil; my cup runneth over. It was the only day for catching perch.

Surely goodness and mercy shall follow me all the days of my life: and I will dwell Dear God, I guess I've always believed in

in the house of the Lord for ever.

(Psalm 23.) You,

Again you hear the unbeliever's prayer

His life will always be a beacon for For when our ship was bombed, and as it honest and honorable living to all of threw his children. It will be the greatest inMe to the ocean's floor, at once aware

centive for righteousness we may ever I swam alone—afraid—I called to You.

know, for it has touched us the most The night was clear as I swam near your closely. His life has been for us; we gate,

are a part of it. His example will point You'd lighted tiny wicks, and as they grew,

the way, the way to serenity, to self- I saw the driftwood that would hold my control, to peace, and forgiveness, to weight.

charity and humility, and lastly, as the All night I clung onto that drifting spar;

Apostle Paul has said, "to love unThen they found me, but I found who You feigned."are.

358 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA PENNSYLVANIA TO "iiSi*.

-m-iHONOR HARMONY y listener to the Sunday morning XsNOT THE CENTER OF

Temple Square broadcast forATTRACTION this clipping:A wards

Commission Approves Historical V -M

Markings to possess,,. tranced th "j, The Pennsylvania State Historical and

Museum commission, Harrisburg, announced yesterday that several historical sites in this area have been approved for marking by the commission.

The sites include that of the Wyoming

Massacre, Wyoming, and other "frontier"points in Luzerne County; the home of Joseph Smith, founder of Mormonism, near

Great Bend; birthplace of David Wilmot,

Bethany; home of William B. Wilson, first ft.'

U. S. Secretary of Labor, Blossburg, and

the Stourbridge Lion, Homesdale, first steam locomotive—Scranton,in thePa.,U.Tribune,S. April 13, 1946.

Smith lived from Prophet Joseph The

THE VOGUE BLANKET settlement, 1831 at 1828 to McKune

Harmony \ Pennsylvania—-aboutTownship, Susquehannaeight BY WOOL 0'THE WESTCounty,

presentmiles east Great Bend of the in part BRINGS BEAUTY AND JOY TO ITS POSSESSOR the northeast Oakland,toward of the state. It has been shortened in

Church history to Harmony, Susquehanna County, but the misleading fact is that there is a hamlet of Harmony, with a post office, in Butler County,

Pennsylvania, which is given on road coiui clear the unusually confused with smartly be may Lfiar—blendmaps—and blue, green peach, of early rose, Township MormonHarmony imJ, S$J color fifty it isism, hundred although the two wlth the

anket his b (Formiles County. from Susquehanna > ptt, QuaU,, m finest a detailed map of the original Harmony, Jf -ice.

339 of County, see pageSusquehanna rcnttwth Z*—ir Era.)the June 1945 Improvement

Here in Susquehanna County is believed to be the first piece of property that the Prophet owned. Here most of

the Book of Mormon was translated.

new remany Priesthood the Aaronic hasHere was blankets,,.1 TheThcWWest urWool rvO that sells.u Yon store Baptiststored 15, The the by John May your newest making for the ideas there, and five, three, four,1829. sections Here gu quality *ot brands better the find ten,six, nine, eight, eleven, seven, home. the for fashions in trends

twelve, and thirteen of the Doctrine and

Prophet, the to givenCovenants were n Styled Fobr.cs. Wesf O'The in to Wool set forth, Co., Los additionrevelations that & M. Blumberg by AngJ distributed

the restoration of the Aaronic Priesthood, the qualifications for the labors of the ministry; matters in regard to

the Book of Mormon including the promising of three witnesses; and the

definition of the spirit of revelation.

The well on the Joseph Smith farm still remains, as do the foundations of the Isaac Hale home. In the McKune

cemetery are the graves of the Prophet's infant son and parentsin-law,

Isaac and Elizabeth Hale. PORTLAN in LEN MILLS PORTLAND 3, OREGON—A, L. Z., Jr.

JUNE 1946 A SHORT STORY ON Ok6ewance ftS i childhood my earliest days, I By O. H. SNOW s'rS**. Fromhad been taught that the Sabbath

day was a day of rest. It had been

the custom in my mother's childhood others who lived outside of Mormon home to complete all preparations Satcommunities Sabbath observance along urday for the sacred observance of the with other gospel truths, and that I

Sabbath day. Shoes were shined, clothcould not conscientiously work on Suning made ready, and even much of the day. I felt the Lord meant the Sabbath

cooking essential for the Sunday meal as much for a mining camp as for any was prepared. other place.

With this background, I had always Our foreman then gave the ultimatum felt there was a sacredness about Sunthat if I would not work on Sunday, we day observance that could not be set should have to pile our wood separateaside without bringing down the disly. I said that that was all right; that

pleasure of the Lord. Because of the we could measure up what was already

early impressions Mother's example in, and I would begin next day to pile and teachings made upon me, I could my wood in a different place.

never bring myself to play baseball or go swimming on the Sabbath with the 'T'he next day I moved camp about a other boys of my age. quarter of a mile away, went to

I returned from my mission when I town with my load of wood, and found was about twentythree years of age. two acquaintances hunting work. I

Naturally, among the teachings held up hired them to chop my wood for me, to the Saints, as well as those not of and assist me in loading and cleaning our faith, was strict Sabbath observup the timber.

ance. continued to for work four about We Spring...

It so that happened mission ended my to months I complete contract. our lost its freshness, with flowers, Grover when Cleveland President was only half two during days the summer,

.. of is the States. United sunshine the season country The when was for one resetting tires, wagon and my

passing its through of one worst depresthe other leafy, I salads best. dewy taste when changed camps and

sions of the time. hard was Work found choppers. new my I rested wood salad dressing Add TANG I find. came in back debt. home each Myto Sunday, spending the time readmother had I to bring out the flavors! been since a widow was ing I books. good trips twelve made ten It years of age. very was necessary each week, with exceptions, after two

I that find kind some of assist to work I left the other boys, while they made

I her. also desired little to get a sometrips, ten but and misses made more thing to begin making a for home my- I did reason of by accidents. some

self. left Father had with Mother but I team fatter; was less was thanMy much

little very it property, and not was posand, worn; settled up, when avwe my sible for to Mother give further aid erage monthly earnings were approxiafter mission expenses my met. were mately twentyfive in dollars a month

It this about was time that the new excess of those of partners. my mining of camp DeLamar, Nevada, was This experience strength to added up. opened the of Some boys went out the of words President to the Young find to work, and were able get conto in Saints the early settlement of Utah tracts to haul to a wood smelter that that they lose would more than they being built. was

would gain, by working on the Sabbath

Tn company with the second counselor day.

in the bishopric, the Sunday School superintendent, and the president of the Y.M.M.I.A., I went out to the new SUPPLICATION

camp, and we soon took a contract to deliver five hundred cords of wood. By Lincoln Thomson

procured choppers, r ORD, give and began We eyes me to see of vision—eyes work. week ended When the and SunLike those that gazed canfrom jagged

day morning rolled around, I arose yon walls early, watered and fed my team, and Into a waste that nurtured one small tree.

turned them loose on the hillside to Beholding fields and freedom's spacious graze. halls.

We had put the Sunday School superintendent in as our foreman. When Lord, give me eyes of wisdom—eyes to look

he saw what I had done, he asked what Into the desert of my withering soul, it meant I said, "It is Sunday."He And find the tree of faith that I forsook

asked, "Don't you intend to haul To play a wandering doubter's role.

wood?"I replied, "No."He then said,

"We are going to get our loads."I Lord, give me eyes of reverence—eyes cast

said, "That's all right, but I'm not."He up

argued, and the other boys joined in, Unto the summits of pure melting snow, saying that we were in a mining camp. That I may fill my empty, rusting cup

I told them that I had been out teaching And water deep the tree that it may grow.

MORE BOOKS FOR YOUR WARD LIBRARY

...... and your home library

—for greater, more widespread understanding of Church fundamentals, Church

history and the lives of its great leaders... for sustained faith and zeal in teaching, promulgating and living the Gospel. From the books below and hundreds

of other titles may be chosen an excellent basic library, or valuable works for libraries already established.

CONSTANCY AMID CHANGE faithsustaining thoughtprovoking, An inspiring, E. Bowen P.UUCJO flfl BIOGRAPHY AND HISTORY series of radio talks. By Albert

GHOST THE HOLY IS THEIRS THE KINGDOM of the personality treatise the nature and on A peointeresting outstanding, about book A afof the Holy Holy Spirit—director to ple contributions unique have who eightmade fairs ofGhost—the the on earth. Church the $2.00 Church. J. Ashton Wendell By $2.00 McConkie Oscar By W.

HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH SMITH BY LUCY MACK important the most and interesting of INSPIRATIONAL One of

Church works. First dictated by the Prophet's

mother in 1845. New edition.

Edited by Preston Nibley $2.50 GOLDEN NUGGETS OF THOUGHT

spoken bits wisdom of beauty, truth and Choice PRESIDENTS OF THE CHURCH sages. prophets, by poets, material well as as splendid New and interesting Ezra L. Marler $1UU<t?l flfl Compiled by presidents, biographical from the Church data on

Joseph Smith to Heber J. Grant By Preston Nibley $2.50 A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM

conversion who discoveries The and IN SETTING HER WESTERN UTAH ofNevadaa man oasis. lived on people a among L.D.S. of the histories of outstanding Utah, modern One N*vUfijl Cfl Riggs Timberline By settleits cultural physical features and and HV"vlUCjO Cfl Dr. R. the pioneers. Milton Hunter itsment by By UNTO THE HILLS

inspiring "spoken word"and The provocative ISRAEL OF THE EXODUS MODERN of the the broadcasts has accompanied which Pratt, faithfully the diary kept From on of Orson

City. Salt from Lake Tabernacle Choir trek valley. from the long Lake Nauvoo "Pl.OUC*l Cfl L. Evans Richard J>*-UU(Bjl flfl By N. Compiled B. Lundwall to bySalt

TEMPLES OF THE HIGH MOST THIS ALWAYS DAY AND

Facts dispensaabout the erected Temples Spiritual insight sense are found on common and tion. Includes faithpro- prayers dedicatory in andthis this of book. from the Compiled every page

moting incidents. Fifty illustrations.

By N. B. Lundwall J>O.UU<CQ flO casts."spoken words"of the TabernacleBy RichardChoirL. broadEvans *P1*JU0J1 Cfl

PIONEERS STORY OF THE MORMON "and SPOKEN THE WORD"Depicts suffering hopes, ambitions and inspiring the Tabernacle from comments the finally the people found mounof haven thewho to broadcasts. volume "Unto J>*UV<PO flfl FurtherChoir tain valleys. Harmer Mabelin By Hills"the Always."and "This CompanionDay—and

L. Evans $1.50 Richard By

DOCTRINAL SOCIAL AND DOMESTIC OF PROGRESS THE outline MANof the princomprehensive A complete ciples governing the life of man; ancient religions HOW TO BE WELL

political the the ages, governments; dark and to advice homemakers commonsense Modern,

restoration the Reformation; renaissance and and the ofof irecipes upon newer andand hundredshundreds

Smith of the Fielding true Church. By Joseph knowl- N>*.UU<JJO flfl of nutrition. D. Widtsoe Leah By $2.00 edge

CHRISTIANITY THROUGH THE AGES Bringing within the grasp of the average reader facts significant clear review of manyof Churchfaiths,history.includingA condensed,that of the CJO flfl FOR CHILDREN Latterday Saints. By Daryl Chase V-UU

MASTERFUL DISCOURSES AND AEntertaining,STORY characterbuildingTO TELL stories for chilOF PRATT WRITINGS ORSON all of boards ages. Selected dren by the

written Faithinspiring spoken words, by one and association Deseret Sundayof the Primary and the teachers missionof greatest i?.UUCO flfl preachers, the and Union. School <JJOtyv*Wflfl of aries B. Lundwall Compiled the Church. by N.

SIGNS OF THE TIMES BEN THE WAGON BOY the traveled with story Delightful boy of a of who the of predictions discussions by A series to Nauvoo, from to Iowa Ohio in their our seers day. and CJ1 Cfl OC pioneers

R. California., DriggsUtah?*fljl Fielding By Howard Smith and Joseph fulfilmentBy

CHECK THE TITLES YOU DESIRE, TEAR OUT PAGE AND USE IT AS YOUR ORDER BLANK

DESERET BOOK COMPANY The Book Center of the Intermountain West 44 East South Temple Street P. O. Box 958 Salt Lake City 10, Utah

Enclosed is $—Send.-, copies of each title as checked above.

Name - - Address—....

JUNE 1946 361

THE Outstanding New Books aeavi

PUBLISHED BY By JOSEPH T. EDMUNDS, M.D.

President, Pasadena Stake Mission STEVENS & WALLIS, INC.

aster, which is the great comPUBLISHERS OF FINE BOOKS mandment in the law?"Thus

asked a Pharisee lawyer of our "MSavior. And the answer he gave was,

"... Thou shalt love the Lord thy God

with all thy heart, and with all thy soul, and with all thy mind. This is the first

) 3738. has Smith Prophet Joseph The For Over 100 Years the Church and great commandment."(Matt. 22: "... shalt love given it to us thus: Thou

Has Waited lor this Book withthe Lordall thythymight,God mind,with allandthystrength;heart,

and in the name of Jesus Christ thou shalt serve him."(D. & C. 59:5.) No

THE WITNESSES OF andone lovesgreat God,commandmentnor can obeyin thethe law,first 11 who does not live a clean life. To love

God implies serving him. How else can

THE BOOK OF one love him? No man truly loves him

his does not keep commandments; who By PRESTON NIBLEY his slightest even counsel should or wish

It contains of -wealth a documentary be command.

historical evidence and information attain clean cannot moral to a cerning the of eleven the witnesses Weour BOOKconIt proves question beyond OF MORMON. first life spiritual or proper without a

that these eleven people and handled saw correlation. physical that said has God the plates gold of the from which Book

Mormon was This valuable book, compiled translated.NEW by a tabernacle.his Spirit will not dwell in an unclean historical skilled highly in research man

and widely recognized as an author of -with L. D. S. dealing books history, will HThe first steps to an unclean life are to teachers, missionaries, be a great boon

students and to all Church members. through the nonobservance of the

Word of Wisdom, particularly as rePrice $2.25, Postpaid. gards the use of alcohol and tobacco.

Those who use these poisons often associates. the old choose wrong The SELLERS'THREE BEST OTHER

flock saying, feather to- "Birds of a in literature, full of forceMormon live and true. will rings agree gether"ful Many library imthese should have notablereading—every

portant books: insist that of alcohol excess but is bad

that the occasional drink will do no

In find harm. numeranswer one may LIFE OF HEBER C. KIMBALL

of ous the action references concerning

By Orson F. Whitney

is It alcohol. as poison recognized a

Large Gift Edition or toxic substance, and even in small 520 pages amounts it produces changes in the

Price, $3.00 Postpaid body that are detrimental to character.

Long before scientific research recognized its actions on the body processes, for told not us good the Lord it was asked! proof THREE MORMON man. should be more No

CLASSICS sinceIt is dangerousit insidiouslyto tamperchangeswithfromitsslaveuse,

Vital Stories of or master, subjecting even the once Wilford Woodruff

George Q. Cannon in will, strong should not be and we

Jacob Hamblin it into thinking misled could not happen Price. $2.50

to us or to those we know and love.

HISTORY OF JOSEPH SMITH whoNotindulgeonly doesin itdrinkingbut, likeaffecta pebblethose

By his mother dropped in a pond, causes everwiden- LUCY MACK SMITH ing ripples of water, so the family and Price $2.50

friends and often strangers are affected,

For Sale at as often happens in drunkendriving

ALL LEADING BOOK DEALERS accidents.And what of tobacco? Is it harmful

OR DIRECT FROM PUBLISHER to the body? Has science borne out

the Word of Wisdom? Nicotine is one

INC., Publishers Tobaccoof the mostmanufacturersrapid and fatalare fullyof poisons.aware STEVENS & WALLIS,

36 Richards Street Salt Lake City, Utah that nicotine is poisonous to the body.

I received not long ago two publica- ( Concluded on page 388 362 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA. SBBBb

mi

mm

.? mm

::::g

Jli

**%F

: llf

—Photograph by H. Armstrong Roberts

I he wind, with shrieking might, in rainsheets came 5mak

Across a spread of darkness, split by flame

And thunderroar. At last the wild stormscreech

By Dies with the lagging dawn, its fury done.

LAURA BAREILLE Then storm clouds break; the rising sun

Illumines pale pink blossoms of the peach.

JUNE 1946 363 VALUES

Dm f-an5u oL. -Mardu

Doofvaluestime? changeI wonder!withDothewepassingthink

of value when we choose a helpmate for this life? Do we stop to reason

the comparative value of different people, or do we rashly take the first young man or woman we meet?

An old story comes to my mind, told by an oldtimer, among the first to settle the Dixie country of southern Utah.

He said:

In the old days in Santa Clara when men.

picked them out a wife, they didn't look to see how curly her hair was, nor how lovely she could make herself. They looked for

the values that would last throughout a lifetime. There was a fine young man in Santa

Clara who thought he was in love with two girls, and didn't know which one to choose.

And so he decided to visit the girls when they had to mix bread, and then decide. This

he did. And could he decide then? Oh, my,... awvd yes! You see, one of the girls left dough and

flour all over her bread pan, and the other one cleaned her flour up, every last scrap of it: What made him decide? Why, he

wouldn't want a woman that would be throwing away the good flour he had to work for, would he? I should say not! Those

were the days when values really counted.

Do they count now? Do our young

people investigate the personal lives of the young people with whom they associate? And then, do they go down on

A married woman's life can't always be 'a bowl of cherries.'their knees, in humble prayer, to ask

But it needn't be just a tub of dirty clothes. theirthe boyMaker'sor girl helpthat isin tothebeselectiontheir helpof

The upto-date housekeeper tries to find a happy medium matedays? through the remainder of their

between work and play. And on washday, her happy Boys and girls, let us not lose sight

medium is apt to be FelsNaptha Soap. of the values of life, but aim at the stars,

and we will not fall short.

To the safe and thorough cleansing assured by good, mild soap, FelsNaptha adds the faster, dirtloosening action of gentle naptha. This laborsaving pROM Representative Thomas

team can bring relief from the long, tiring of**"theA. JenkinsRepublicanof Ohio,Congressionalchairman

hours of ordinary washdays. Food Study Committee, comes the

warning that the carry over of

Why don't you do your wash the commerciallycannedvegetables will be sixteenfruitspercentand easier, quicker FelsNaptha way? smaller this year than it was in

and no all work Remember—1 945, and fiftyone percent smallit er than last 1940, the was in

of year supply. normal This a dull play makes Jill

means we will have to depend for companion, too. canned goods next fall and winter

almost entirely on the crops we expect to produce this year. Prudent consumers will assure their

own families of adequate fruit and vegetable supplies by producing canning and as much as theyFelsNaptha Soap are able to at home.

BAM/SHES TATTLETALE GRAY 364 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Loncemma Ljratitvidke By PRESIDENT GEORGE ALBERT SMITH

But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness;

and all these things shall be added unto you. (Matthew 6:33.)

MY takengreatgrandparentsto that section livedby Orsonin NewPrattEngland.and others,Whenthe housesthe messageof worshipof the restoredwere notgospelopen wasto them.first

They had a difficult time in finding a place in which to preach. They came to a small village and

thought surely they would readily find someone who would offer to open a place for the preaching of the gospel, but they found none. At length they inquired of a man on the street as to where they could

secure a place. He said, "Go find Winslow Farr. I think he can help you."

So they went to see Winslow Farr; he was easily found; everyone knew him. They told him what

they wanted—to find a place in which to preach the gospel.

He asked, "What are you going to preach about?"They answered, "Jesus Christ and the gospel."

He said, "I will help you."

They found a place and invited the people to come. Orson Pratt told them God had spoken again

from the heavens, and that a young man named Joseph Smith had received heavenly manifestations.

The Lord had directed him to an ancient record which the Prophet translated—the Book of Mormon.

It was a divine record, the story of the ancestry of the American Indians.

Orson Pratt's testimony was so effective that Winslow Farr came up to him, took his hand, and said, "I have enjoyed your meeting tonight. Where are you going to stay?"On learning that they had no

place to stay, he said, "You come home with me."

The missionaries didn't know that Winslow Farr's wife was dying of a dread disease—tubercular

consumption. But this servant of the Lord, Orson Pratt, seeing her condition and realizing how kind

her husband had been, looked at her and asked, "Have you faith to be healed?"The doctor had said

she could not be healed, could live but a few days. When asked that question she said, "I don't know

if I have that faith or not, but I know God could heal me if he wanted to."

And then this servant of the Lord said, calling her by her given name, "Olive, in the name of God,

I command you to be healed."She was healed and in a few days was going about performing her

household duties.

It was not long after that the Farrs came down where our people were situated in Nauvoo. And

when our people came farther west, the Farrs were among the first to come. Winslow Farr, my greatgrandfather, and Olive Farr, his wife, had three sons and a daughter born to them. They were among

the first people to live in Ogden. The last time the Farr family assembled to celebrate her birthday, they

found she was grandmother, greatgrandmother, or greatgreat-grandmother to more than three hundred and twenty people, and I was one of the greatgrandchildren.

I record these facts as one more witness of the power of God, and of the validity of his promises to all who will hearken and obey. We are witnesses that "all these things shall be added"to those who

"seek first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness."Go where you will, you will find no more happy

people, no people with more comforts, no people with greater faith, no people who have been more greatly blessed than the group of people to whom we belong. But with all these blessings I wonder sometimes

if we appreciate them. Or are we like those of whom it speaks in the New Testament when the Savior met

ten lepers as he entered a certain village—ten men living in a terrible and dying condition—men who lived

a living death, not in the city, but in caves and dens on the outskirts of habitation, and if anyone came toward them they had to put up their hands and cry out, "Unclean,"to keep everyone away. Ten of these

men called upon the Savior to heal them. They evidently had some faith, and he saw their condition and

had pity on them. He told them to go to a certain place and to follow his instructions, which they did,

and "as they went, they were cleansed."(Luke 17:14.) Presently one of them came back, rejoicing and

crying out that he had been healed and acknowledging how God had given him this blessing. Seeing him

and his happiness, and hearing his testimony of being healed, the Savior said, "Were there not ten cleansed? but where are the nine?"

Now, my brethren and sisters of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints, which of these would we be? Shall we not be numbered among those who recognize the gifts of God and the mercy

extended to us? Or will we be among the nine, and take the blessings as they come, and accept them

as belonging to us—with very little gratitude? I am grateful to my Father in heaven. I know that I have

been healed by the power of God, and received all my blessings by that power. I am grateful for my

greatgrandmother who was healed by the power of the Lord, and passed her last days in the valleys of the mountains, where she lived to be ninetythree years old. God gave her wonderful children who

honored her. And I say to all of you, honor your fathers and mothers. Let them know you appreciate

them by what you do for them. One of the commandments of God is love and honor thy father and

mother. And we may best honor them and honor our Father in heaven by doing the things we know we

should do. All the happiness that any of us will ever have in this world will be the result of keeping

the commandments of our Father. Let us seek first the kingdom of God, and trust our Father in heaven

to add all other good and desirable things, as he has already so bounteously done.

Jhe (L.ditor'd fat

JUNE 1946 365 we We fldtL POVERTY By CHARLES A. CALLIS flor RICHES

OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

abundance of the rich will not suffer him tage with restful comfort."He added,

to sleep. (Eccles. 5:12.) "Now we have many mansions, but we

don't own them; they own us."

Tn far too many cases riches and their

In this blessedness of the middle riches owners change places—the is place, that say, neither poverty to

will the owners. become own Money

riches, lived the nor people of Nephi if it is the the to master not be made centuries. pleasures for nearly The two servant.

of life were admirably seasoned with

The satisfaction that attends this the leaven of pure religion.

middle condition of affairs is well illustrated in the life of Charles M.... and every man did deal justly one

Schwab, a great and wealthy captain with another. And they had all things comof industry. He declared to his biogmon among them; therefore there were not

rich they poor, but were and and free, bond "the happiest that rapher days of my all free, of the partakers heavenand made

I life income were had a modest when gift. ly 2:3.) Nephi (IV

and lived with my good wife in a cotWhen we pursue with greedy eagerness the riches of this world, the pleasure of the pursuit soon ceases to please.

WITH BROKEN HEARTS "It waxeth old as a garment"; it fades

as a leaf. It is quickly at an end. A man

By Ruth May Fox chloroforms his soul chasing pleasure and riotous living. An excessive hunger

HPhe stars are silent in the sky, for money produces a sordid feeling *- Dismayed the gentle moon; and takes away the relish for spiritual

veiled anguish sun in The his face; values. "For where your treasure is,"

is tomb. one vast The earth

-"Illustration by Fielding K. Smith said the Savior, "there will your heart

The restless world they glorified be also."(Matthew 6:21.)

tears. in Is blood and drenched I of required have thingsn \ I |WO Said Solomon: slain. lie Millions of stalwart men

I thee; before not them deny me chilled hearts are with Stout

not to be rich:... for riches cerfears. Labour L die:

wings; they fly away themselves make far from "Remove million me vanity shame, a youth tainly and Oh, shame on

23: (Proverbs eagle toward heaven. as an blind maimed, Discouraged, and lies: poverty nor riches; give me neither

feed me with food convenient for me: ToIn man'ssatisfydisorderedthe lust formind.gain 4,5.)

"Lest I be full, and deny thee, and Earthly wealth, the poor possession say, Who is the Lord? or lest I be poor, Forgotten the angelic song of an hour, "like the snow falls in

and steal, and take the name of my God The brilliant, wondrous star the river, a moment white, then melts the Prince heralded of Peace Whichin vain."30:7-9.) (Proverbs filthy lucre, riches the forever."Unlike

afar. his fame And spread

out. of heaven never vanish or wear prayer for is a This power to resist

inthe that are present temptations both forgotten, heeded not No, not,... for the things which are seen are strain oft theriches sacred For to and a prayer be and poverty,

the but are not seen things which the lips of mortal on man temporal; sufficient forcontented to be Plays food and (II are eternal. Corinthians 4:18.) vain. in the heart But stirs distribsatisfied with Providence what

utes. He came to show a way of life \nce upon a time a rich man, on his

all understand, might Which wish, but what what, we Not we uttered these deathbed, words: liberty of and peace want. The way let supply, grace thy Oh! lost; kept, I have what I I have "What in hand. walked hand men Where

grant; unask'd, good in mercy The given I have."have away,

The ill, though the of old Pharisees But like If prefer wealth, to if we we build selfish eyes; see with—Jamesask'd,Merrick,deny. "Hymn."Men eterfleeting to of things this world Christ's for simple folk, the plan was made

In the clear light of experience we Not for the great and wise. nal riches, we are as those who build

see that people who are neither rich upon the ice. When the springtime

nor poor are more contented and happy They seek for honor, wealth, and power comes, the sun will melt our foundations is lost; else Whatever us. layeth under from he that "So is extremelythan those poor or who are

strive and so we And rich himself, treasure is not for and fight and die up rich.extremely godly contentMore cost. tremendous what At

ment and solid satisfaction are found toward God."(Luke 12:21.)

between these states. O God of the celestial lights. Ill fares the land, to hastening ills a prey

hearts broken we come; With

The sleep of a labouring man is sweet, of life Where wealth accumulates, and men decay. to find Help us the waywhether he eat little or much: but the Foreshadowed by thy Son.—"The Deserted Village,"Goldsmith.

366 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J THREEACT FARCE

fari/m 0. -A&kt&

OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC -Illustrated by }. A. Bywat.

and bankers, and those who are in a position to know, are talking about, the above indictment is sad but true.

A banker in high standing in the community told us just a few days ago of an old gentleman, who pretended to be religious and who proceeded to transfer from his savings account over five thousand dollars to his children so that he could receive forty dollars a month from the old age department. Another

banker of equal repute told me this story: A man who made at least two

thousand dollars that particular year collected monthly from the county forhis dollars himself. for wife and each Is ty rules States think the they universe? of AmericaPlace—United of only repute gentleman a Another allseeing the with he Creator eye an

to or account gave ago month an two

I Is worship? mothers, a and he Beyou and whom Time—1946Characters—fathers old couple of to him an came me whotheir politicans. children, ing that smiles then dishonesty on and and

sell for asking they could advice how accepts devotion and awards outward their that the in such property a way folks old been inhave I. These Act art pretense? only "Consistency, thou

records their holding not would show frugal. paiddustrious have and They jewel,"a indignaor to put wholesome

eligibility for old title barring from them into the dipfor the farm, and, as they tion in the Burns: language of Bobbie

winter of life, they find themselves with age benefits.

mind, independent man of The in savings.a thousands few comes Now laughs at a'and He looks folksthe over old age pension. These that. Ves, we can go on and on facing exsixty-five, if they can show technically f et me say here before going further: amples of dishonesty among our

that they haven't sufficient assets, may Show me how a generation treats neighbors. If we are at all sensitive, our

apply for the old age pension. With its aged, and I'll show you the type of faces turn crimson in the realization of

the help and inspiration from their offits civilization. I should like it honwhat some of our citizens are doing

spring they have devised a way to get estly said of me that I have always while pretending to believe in the rid of their savings for old age and a revered old age. I have tried to teach fundamentals of the Ten Commandrainy day and are passing this money my children to honor the aged. Further, ments. If these crimes were committed

over to their children. A very "wise"I glory in the fact that our government, by the real aged whose steps had

move—they are keeping their assets in state, and county cooperate to meet begun to totter with feebleness, we

the family circle and yet holding their the emergency of taking care of the could make some allowances, but I'm hands out for monthly pensions from worthy incapacitated, whether it is from sorry to admit that these dishonest roles the government. age or other infirmities. And with are often played by those over sixtyBehind the scenes to promote this pride I always rejoice that my Church five and in the very pink, you'd think, of

program stands the politician who has always played a leading role with judgment and right thinking. Yes, and

beckons the old folks on with the subtle a program that beckons to the unforwhat makes it worse in many cases, suggestion, "Come and get it. If you tunate with food, raiment, and the they are urged on by their sons and

don't, someone else will."needs of the body. Let us be clearly daughters who would rather get somedishonestly for nothing than earn flaying here. only thing understood We are II. Sapphira Like Ananias and Act endeavor. their bread by honest to are parties downright those who lied folks to Peter, old theseof who

and dishonesty. states the of our western have Some and arehave cleared the deck now fraud

in this has said, and I repeat again, highest Someone records population wholegetting the pentheir allowance from sion window. "Let's face the facts, if they kill us."United States of America of those over

Dear Reader, don't think the above sixtyfive getting government aid.

Act III. Now we see the main charpicture is overdrawn, and don't dare to Think of over forty out of every one

acters of this sequence living on public think all those who have joined the hundred over this age being on governfunds and adjusting their consciences Ananias and Sapphira Club are those ment relief. We who a"re supposed to

accordingly. In a large sense this is not a who don't know, any better. I blush have influence with our fathers and

farce, but the most serious tragedy in when I admit this, but if we are to bemothers, just what are we thinking the world. What kind of Being do lieve half of what our welfare workers (Concluded on page 414)

JUNE 1946 367

CONSECRATION...

—Illustrated by Nelson White

Jcome:.::::::>-;:, THEmunitycommunisticof goods isprinciplenot acceptedof comas

Mormon doctrine. Joseph Smith

tells us that on coming to Kirtland he of converts a group prevailed upon EDITOR'S NOTE common "family 'on the living as a is drawn from stock plan to abandon their system in The present article favor of the more perfect law of the a longer study the author has 1 of early socialeco- made Mormon informawhose Whitmer, Lord. John

programs. study the same From that nomic this group first of says hand, tion is

the has previously published Era were all and things common they "had the Consecration of "The Movement going to destruction very fast as to Middle 'Fifties"(February 1944, p.

temporal things"because "they would 80, and March 1944, p. 146), and

take each other's clothes and other "United Order—Discrimination in

property and use it without leave, which the Use of Terms"(July 1944, p.

brought on confusion and disappoint432). Dr. Fox brings fresh concepts

to conclusions and reasoned subject a the did not understand for they ment, incareless which has suffered 3 much them gave Prophet scriptures."The still is terpretation an and which open and stewconsecration of the system investigation. field of rewarding and

ardships, leaving the steward his free agency in the management of the property left in his hands.

a Smith opposed Joseph Though that idea spread the Nevertheless, of goods, to have he seems community doctrine was advo- > 'the common stock equality, equality acmaterial favored cated by the Church. To an investigator cording to "family, circumstances,

might if a inquired member who there hold wants, and needs."* That was replied Smith property, Joseph private for differences of latitude scale in the

busistock there no that common was in living, demanded by differences that Saints, each might the ness among tastes, in official station, abilities and concould property, but his enjoy own the circumstances, other appears from the illiberally for liberally or secrate pretentious required the more by home building up the the and of poor support in dwellings Prophet with comparison 3 frequently stand of Zion. This was other of the of Church. members Orson

inleaders. An Church emphasized by all held Pratt that consecration beby

first statement in is the found stance equal, though even come 7 stewardships Salt the leaders Lake the from issued by are, lies be, unequal. Equality must and

'.: \ '.'valley: in an attitude toward wealth, rather

We do not believe in having all things than in an even distribution of it. A

in common and on general principles as man may manage immense estates and some have taught, but we believe that it is still consume no more than the most right for every man to have his stewardinsignificant steward, turning the suraccording ship into to the ability that God hath plus for the storehouse the common given him.* benefit, while small respon- a man of

Replying to the teachings of an sibility may be extravagant in gratifyapostate, Lyman Wight, who was an ing his meanest desires, contributing advocate of a community of goods, nothing to the general store of goods.

Apostle Orson Hyde was provoked to inquire TDrigham Young, in answering some who supposed that consecration of enteach and Brother does Wight Why property would be followed by its renever that doctrine Smith force Joseph a distribution, said:

sanction, namely, a never did nor would thrown property of goods or community it is anything; I do Father's. not own my

this stock. in as together Though common possessions? came I by provHis How my

practiced been doctrine sometimes by has idence has into thrown care. them my He

design original and the purpose men, good has appointed a over steward them, me of God was to make men accountable for and I am his servant, his steward, his hired therefore their "to one he stewardship, and man, with one certain has placed he whom to two, five talents, and to another gave in property for the charge time that being another one, and to every man according to is pertaining to the things of this world....

his several abilities."The whole course and Were you to make an equal distribution of

order of nature, the constitutional organizaproperty today, one year would not pass the of tion the of martyred voice man, there before great as inequality be would an eternal last the the days, and Prophet of as could now. ever get people a you How

all Brother to stand of purpose opposed God their equal with regard to possessions? They

principles, stock and Wight's no common be, can never in than no they more be can this that enforce as prosper a people can the of their appearance faces. Are we themselves.5 law among equal? Yes. are Wherein? in equal We

lHistory of the Church 1:146147; see also page 124 the interest of eternal things, in our God,

.. We are to be guided.:... Wistory"Book of ofJohnthe Whitmer,Church 11:29596Ms. chapter(October2 30, 1835) not aside from him..

Epistle to the Saints in California, August 7, 1847 "D. 6 C. 49:20; 51:3, 9

"Journal History, August 1, 1848 ''Journal of Discourses 11:96104 (September 1854)

368 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

ii|a

-::'.2),'mltauntanvsmna\hina J-ijreatvuresu I

By FERAMORZ Y. FOX, PH.D.

PRESIDENT, L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE ilpsilllll

by a superior knowledge, by a higher inoperative activities in migration and in fluence power. and superior is not The colonies of foundations the to laying new be directed inferior; the by consequently President of evidence rather than you not need ask to that throw me which

the Lord has put into my hands to the four Young's approval of uniformity. As a

winds."laborsaving device President Young did

He touched the same point again in communityunder somekitchencircumstancesand diningfavorhall, justthe commenting on the implications of the as he sometimes favored taking adUnited Order: vantage of the economies of largescale

Supposing that the property of the whole operations in productive enterprise. In

community were divided today equally applying these principles, some comamongst all, what might we expect? Why munities attempted the impossible, and

a year from today need we should another extreme views to override permitted division, for some would waste squanand common sense. der #**T V while others it away their to would add

portion. skill building of The estabup and

material to achieve their efforts Tn lishing the of Zion our the earth on God is to take the for their people, Mormon prosperity people teach and them how to take care of themselves and that which leaders have, as the record shows, en- ",:..- 3

the entrusted has Lord their to care, to and practice diversity plan and of in a gaged all use that to glorify his we command holy be..:;.*:; lessons valuable may of which out

is name. the This of regenerating, work of be, or may for those may who gleaned elevating to mankind the higher plane of welfare social in interested ecome, the gospel; in other of words, teachsimply

ing them their duty. movements. Especially may the. MorWith regard to our property, as I have mon people, who look forward to a

told you many times, the property which realization of the objectives outlined in we inherit from our Heavenly Father is our the teachings of the Prophet Joseph time, and the power to choose in the disSmith, find significance in their own position of the same. real is the This capital history.

that is bequeathed unto our us by Heavenly

Father; all the rest is what he may be It will be noted among other things

pleased to add unto us. To direct, to counthat a good deal of latitude has been

sel, and to advise in the disposition of our taken in interpreting the revelations time pertains to our calling as God's servand teachings of the Prophet touching ants, according to the wisdom which he has the economic welfare of the Saints. It

given will and to continue give unto that the references admitted be us as must it. seek we and stewof consecration system to the I not do. wish.. to recogfor one moment

nize the idea that in order to establish the ardships are rather general and require

United Order our property has to be divided interpretation if they are to be made apequally among the people, to let them do plicable to specific situations. In the

what they please with it. But the idea is earliest attempts to establish the Order

to get people into the same state of unity in of Stewardships in Jackson County, all things temporal, find that ourselves we must that reasons for Partridge, Bishop 11 in with things regard to spiritual. Then insufficient him, to gave seemed let have those possess the ability who and wisdom lease of land) (parcels heritances by direct the labors of those not so endowed,

until they, too, develop the talents within instead of by deed, as the revelations gently rebuked them and in time acquire the same degree required, and was10 later of ability.9 less were There by the Prophet.

specific instances in which the bishop

In these view of statements, emphatic from, either departed his associates and President tolerance Young's the of famfailed to apply or misunderstood, Joily type of association at such as that or instructions, expressed Smith's seph

Orderville to appear inconmay be out to implied. expected them work He sistent. is It in that outlinto be noted to for details they themselves; seem

ing his ideal community he allowed for have required definite directions, which differences in taste in the construction the from giving by he was precluded in the of houses and choice of foods; circumstances of distance and heavy

yet he advised the inhabitants of Kanab demands upon his time."

and of Price City to build community

President did Neither Brigham houses rather than individual homes.

the general consecrain urging Young, this But a concession to was economy (Continued page 404) on in making similar a beginning to the co- 1:341 19Historg the Church of

8Journal of Discourses IV:29 (August 1856) 90:3537; 58:2633; History of the Church "D. & C.

(April mid., XVIII:354 1877) 340341 1:316321:

JUNE 1946 369

The THE ST. GEORGE TEMPLE

Almost every tourist who visits the temple grounds in St. George asks the

same question. How a town of thirtyfive hundred people should have such a

building is a mystery to them. When

they learn that it was completed nearly seventy years ago when there were only fifteen hundred in the whole valley, they are even more surprised. Why was it

built? What is the story behind it?

There must have been some powerful motive, some impelling force to have made people spend the time and money necessary to build this, a house with no economic connection. Almost startling

in its whiteness, it seems to transcend and overshadow everything else in the town.

It is a thing of permanence and beauty in the midst of the desert, an upward reaching of spirit, a monument to the glory of God, a classic in community cooperation.

The erection of this building combined the energetic plans of Brigham

Young and the dreams of the architect with the loyalty and idealism of the rank and file. The men at the quarry

was three o'clock in the morning, For just an instant the beacon on the drilling by hand to split out the giant

IT and the passengers on the bus were hill beyond hung directly over the spire boulders, those who shoveled at the relaxed in various attitudes of abanas if it were an approving light from excavation with their shorthandled don; even the most talkative were heaven. spades, those driving ox teams over

quiet. Some had been traveling for "That is the St. George Temple,"the desert stretches to bring in the lumber

several nights; all were at the lowest ebb driver explained. (seven days to get one big timber),

of vitality. Then, as the bus swung "It looks almost otherworldly,"the women who bent over washboards doaround a curve, there was such a sharp young woman went on. "Makes you ing the laundry for the workers free of

exclamation that everyone was instantfeel as though you had met an angel charge, all contributed to it. A comly aroused: or seen a vision."posite of all this and more, it stands as

"Look! Oh, look!"a young woman "The most impressive sight west of a tangible expression of their faith in

cried out. "What is it?"the Mississippi River,"an elderly man what they considered their mission.

The passengers leaned forward and commented.

stared at the luminous white building "What is there here that would justi- *"Phis building was begun just ten years which seemed to rise like a block of fy such a building? How large a town is * after the first settlers arrived in St.

light from the surrounding darkness. this, anyway?"someone else inquired. George valley, two hundred and fifty

families uprooted and sent here to raise cotton. They were handpicked families, selected because of their devotion

to the Church and because of their skill the right proportion of farmers, masons, carpenters, blacksmiths, a wheelwright, a glazier, a shoemaker. One man was

called specifically to foster music in the little town, to organize a choir, a band, and an orchestra, and to see that the people had entertainment. People must

continue to sing in spite of adversity.

Ten years they had, heartbreaking years in a way—heat and drouth

alkali that seeped up out of the soil and crusted the vegetables with a white substance like snow—a river that laughed

at their efforts to keep its waters runtheir ditches. irrigation THE ning Most down

ST. GEORGE docile enough, time of the meanit was TEMPLE

UNDER dering among the tules until a wild

CONSTRUCflood scooped out the labor of months

TION in one riotous hour.

Most of the original two hundred and fifty families were still in St. George

at the end of the first ten years, though

370 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA St. George e,j.uanilatt vJ>fooki a few had found the going too rough Temple

and returned to the north. Scarcely a

that joined the family had community it the water good, the land building temple said had a of idea was no They HThe "called,"the that populanot been so gooder was no * Brigof heart to the long been dear it little tion than been had more was living of here enough idea the was bare And built one people had His Young. ham first the the shudder. to was on when camp made one make at Nauvoo, one at Kirtland, and Ohio,

flat. all their spite discourageof In Chorus see Illinois. one to comwanted He liked ments, to the boast of people briars prickly pears soaproot, Mesquite, and his death, and in before he pleted Utah accomplished. they had what ere long will be a place that They St. George age. of old felt approach the The one

too, admires. everyone were justified, for they had finished started, but been in City had Salt Lake

it was evident that it would take much longer to finish.

When word came that a temple was to be erected in St. George, it was the

occasion for great rejoicing. In spite

of their poverty and the hardships they knew it would entail, they felt that the town was honored in being thus singled out. Viewed from this distance, it

seems almost as if it were a great work project designed by Brigham Young to help the southern settlement to survive, to make it important enough to call on the whole state for assistance. It would

mean work and sacrifice for all, but it would mean food, also.

The ground was dedicated and the 9, officially on November begun work

BAPTISMAL THE THE HAULED WHICH OX TEAM L. Walker of Charles 1871. The diary SALT LAKE CITY THE The sun it is so scorching hot, it makes the TO FONT FROM

ST. GEORGE TEMPLE water siz, Sir, records on that date:

is it is just hot because so reason The why temple the which to the on block Went it is, Sir, dedication. the to witness reared to be buildthe tabernacle, sandstone a large that is like blow, fury here does wind The large a and carriages wagons 40 & About Sir, or of looks ing plant perfect sow, proportions which when we congregated. of people concourse seed, hold foot the and place one upon it bodily transplanted as if had been We

from New England; a social hall furit till it grows, Sir. After telling in detail of the songs, the

nished a place for community recreation Doggerel, of course, but doggerel de- (Continued on page 410) in the form of dances, parties, and signed to make light of troubles, and to theatricals; a county courthouse was bolster up the spirit. ST. GEORGE TEMPLE FROM THE AIR

under construction. The very fall when—Photograph by Bob Jones, New York

they began the temple, they had voted to establish a high school and to call it the St. George Academy.

Homes had been erected on the uniform square blocks so characteristic of

Mormondom, small rock or adobe buildings, most of them. When one

looks at the tiny cottage which a contemporary called "the commodious new home of Brother Melancthon Burgess,"he can guess their economic status. But

shade trees had taken root; orchards

and vineyards had begun to bear; the

heat seemed a little more endurable, and the sand did not blow so constantly.

They had their religious gatherings, their debating society, their homemade theatricals, and their dances. Above all,

they had an intense community pride.

Their weekly paper boasted of their improvements and softpedaled their failures. One song was sung so often

that it became a sort of slogan, though the tune was almost like an Indian chant. Its first and last verses ran like

this:

Oh, what a desert place was this when first the Mormons found it, They said no white man here could live, and

Indians prowled around it.

JUNE 1946 371 IAS SAW THE CHURCH Jfottand By FRANK B. JEX

to missionary (Former the Netherlands and of Strategic with the Office in the subBranch, located Overmaas in Services Holland 1945.) to November from April division across the of Rotterdam, Maas

River. Following the British attack at

Arnhem that town was completely

Holland capitulated to Germany Physical hunger overshadowed every evacuated. When our people returned

on the fourteenth of May 1940 other fact. It soon brought the most to Arnhem in June 1945, the meetingafter five days of fighting. She basic animal instincts to the surface. It house was still found to be in relatively

was liberated by the Canadian armies dulled the mind and confused the congood condition, and meetings were reon the sixth of May 1945. In those five science. It was inevitable that all but sumed. The Den Helder Branch was

years of Nazi domination, Holland is those with the most vitality and moral closed in 1944 when the Germans estimated to have sustained a loss nearstrength should give way before it. Peoevacuated Den Helder because of the

ly one half as great as her total prewar ple became so tired both mentally and naval base there. This branch was renational wealth of twentynine billion physically, that nothing really mattered opened in September 1945. The

dollars. In this period, approximately but food. branches in Amsterdam, Utrecht, Leifour hundred thousand homes were This was the picture that confronted den, Delft, Gouda, Dordrecht, Leeudestroyed or badly damaged, two hunus when we reached western Holland warden, Groningen, Apeldoorn, Schiedred thousand homes were plundered, in May 1945. It was most depressing dam, Haarlem, and The Hague have

six thousand farms were destroyed, and to see the effect of widespread starvacontinued without interruption.

seven hundred square miles of land tion. The moral fiber of the country Soon after the Nazis occupied Holwere inundated. Half of the country's was torn to shreds. Only food matland they threatened to confiscate all

perforests destroyed and forty were Saint property, conChurch law, not work, not money, Latterday tered—not depleted. of the livestockcent Thoutending that origin it was of American politics. not industry, economy, The

sands of bridges were destroyed. Nearcleanliness, and social consciousness and therefore legitimate war booty.

ly all of the railroad rolling stock and which had long characterized the Dutch This was no idle threat, for all Christian equipment, as well as half of the biwere no longer in evidence. Science property was seized on just

cycles and most of the motor vehicles, such grounds. Through the untiring efwere confiscated. Blankets, clothing, VK7"hen the missionaries withdrew forts of President Schipaanboord the

household equipment, were all requisiVV from Holland in the fall of 1939, confiscation of Latterday Saint propertioned to the full extent the country the branches of Alkmaar and Almelo ty was avoided. His explanation that

could bear. The tremendous Dutch war were closed. Regular meetings in the the Netherland Mission was of purely

reserves of food and raw materials remaining sixteen branches were conDutch origin, Dutchsupported, and for all appropriatedwere the German operated a basis democratic on which usual. tinued as Rotterdam was When

cases machine. wholewar In many all nationalities, finally welcomed conin the Latterday 1940, bombed May

factories shipped and were dismantled the authorities. vinced German Saint Sint chapel in the Street Jan was

to Germany. particuoccupation the Throughout completely demolished. Rotterdam The

In spite of the most stringent counterBranch was then combined with the lar stress was given to keeping the measures, the Dutch resisted occupayouth of the Church active. The M.I.A.

tion by every means at their command. and Sunday School organizations made

When the British struck at Arnhem in important gains in their enrollment.

September of 1944, the Dutch supported Even throughout the starvation period, their attack with a complete transportawhen any physical effort added to the tion strike. As a countermeasure the hunger, the Church continued its policy

Germans determined to starve the of keeping its members active in body

Dutch into submission. The large and mind. The wisdom in this policy is

population centers along the North Sea seen in the contrast between the gencoast were completely isolated from the eral population and members of the supporting farm lands around them. No Church. The indifference, disillusionmovement of food was permitted into ment, and discouragement, almost unithe cities. The urban populations were versal among the general population, is

issued increasingly smaller rations seldom encountered in the Church, and which finally consisted of nothing more the moral disintegration so in evidence than two slices of bread and two potaelsewhere has been very largely toes a person each day. Fuel distribuchecked in the mission.

tion was discontinued completely and The leadership program sponsored people burned trees, wreckage, and by the M.I.A. is a good example of

their own furniture, in a desperate attheir activities. When their fastgrow-

tempt to keep warm. Rotterdam, Aming membership increased seventy persterdam, The Hague, and Utrecht sufcent during the 194243 season, they

fered most severely. In the first twelve adopted as their slogan, "... the field is

weeks of 1945 over twelve hundred of white already to harvest."(D. fiC.

the deaths in Amsterdam were directly 4:4.) The urgent need for leaders was

attributable to cold and starvation. It recognized and met in the form of a

was not uncommon for people to fall leadership course which enlisted one dead in the street from complete exhundred of the finest members throughhaustion. (Continued on page 400)

372 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA P. FAC NG racu

that says old proverb is an is shipload factThere"a single worth a of argument."True, indeed! But, for the year for all of our six thousand 1944; add next all expenditures from

as regards the liquor business in the public libraries, our sixteen hundred the American Red Cross funds by the

United States today there are shiploads college and university libraries, and our national organization and the 3,757 of facts, facts which are themselves intwenty-eight hundred public school chapters from January 1, 1942, to Febcontestable arguments. Some of these libraries. ruary 28, 1945; add the total income of

facts, startling alarming, the liquor and Infantile for Foundation the National all expenditures, that the to add Then interests like to under covwould keep period eightmonth the for Paralysis gifts, religion to organized bequests and er, will hid. but they stay not the expendi1944; add ending 31, May for the reported 1942, as year in June

Here is one to begin with: There are, tures for the United States Health Servin the United States, 360,000 saloons, ice; add the expenditure by the fortyliquor stores, taverns, roadhouses, and eight state governments for certain

other licensed places where alcoholic benefits in 1941, such as public safety, beverages are sold. That means an avhealth, hospitals, and institutions for

erage of about 7,500 licensed liquor the handicapped, public welfare, corplaces in each state in the Union. In rections, and recreation.

the old preprohibition days this nation Add also all the expenditure of the

Administration for liquor States licensed Veterans'177,000 places. ToThe Unitedhad fiscal the during federal government

the fiscal 1944 expenditures year that! is doubleday the number Security Social under the of 1944 year

A second fact logically follows: Department of Labor expenditure for maternal Act, including oldage assistance, aid

Since alcoholic beverages are so easily and child health service, crippled children to dependent children, aid to blind, unobtainable in this nation, 50,000,000 of The expenditure of the federal government for employment compensation administraour people drink. There are only Social Security, oldage assistance, aid to blind tion; add the Department of Labor ex100,000,000 people in the nation over and dependent children penditure for maternal and child health

fifteen years of age. Half of them now The 1941 fortyeight state government expendiservice, for crippled children; add,

drink alcoholic beverages. Three miltures for public safety, health, hospitals, public finally, the United States Veterans'Adlion of these are excessive drinkers. welfare, and recreation ministration's expenditures during the

Seven hundred and fifty thousand of All the expenditures of the United States health fiscal year 1944.

alcoholics.these are service are chronic These are expenditures vast all these When

guesses, but facts given outnot wild of have together the sum you added by Dr. E. M. Jellinek, director of the $7,039,914,950. This amount is approxiYale University Summer School of mately the same as that spent by theAlcohol Studies. The fact that half our + American people for alcoholic beverof the for National Foundation income of age Totalpopulation over fifteen years Inages during 1944! fantile for Paralysis ending eight months May thandrink alcoholic beverages is worse

31, 1944 It is It chalalarming!astonishing. National of the bureau research

All expenditures from the Cross The American Red teacher, parent,lenges churchevery that ascertained has A W.C.T.U. including the chapters from January 3,757 all editor, leaders to funds otherman, and people American the to 1944 1, 1942, 1934 to February 1945 from

this against public outspeak enemy of gallons 21,500,000,000 consumed occapossible every one uponnumber on beer. Commenting liquor, wine, and

sion.

Quite as logically there follows a third this stupendous consumption, the South fact: With licensed liquor places so Carolina Temperance News says:

numerous and so conveniently located, It has been figured (Crane Book) that the American people spent more than 63.352 lineal feet of onehalf inch pipe holds

seven billion dollars for alcoholic drinks one gallon; and the length of such pipe rein 1944, the figures for 1945 not yet bequired to hold 21,500,000,000 gallons would

All expenditures, bequests gifts, and of pipe miles. This length 257,967,424 to organized be bilit ising available. seven Notice,

in religion 1942 at the equator the earth would go aroundlion, million! the In 1944 not seven

American people spent for liquors apFor 6,000 public libraries, 1,600 university libra10,319 times!

proximately as much as they paid for ries and 2,800 public school libraries Another fact related to this sevenall cultural, religious, and charitable 194142 For the federal schools for Indians billiondollar expenditure for liquor work combined in a similar period of will arouse businessmen as to its fearfor deaf, blind, mentally schoolstime! that, too, of the 194142 For in the face And dolbillion drain. Seven ful economic delinquents deficient, and tightfisted notfact that are Americans liquors for means lars spent annually

in their gifts for education, religion, and 194142 For all teachers'schools and normal seven billion dollars syphoned each charity. colleges year out of the cash registers of legitiAdd up all the money spent for all 194142 For all public and private schools mate business to fill the pockets of the

educational purposes in the United brewers and the distillers. And, yet, as

States, 194142, including that spent on staggering as is the financial cost of all public and private schools, teachers'alcoholic beverages, the nefarious trafschools and normal colleges, schools for $7,039,914,950.00 fic is guilty of worse crimes than just

deaf, blind, mentally deficient, and deequals the United States Liquor bill for 1944 striking an economic blow.

linquents, and the federal schools for Right now one of the unpardonable

Indians; add to that all the expenditures (Concluded on page 402)

JUNE 1946 373

TOKYO CONFERENCE

spring trees the cherry and was Dm in bloom,IT were and Tokyo was 7 <=Lt. iSudon jr. tLSradker

beautiful. The University of Utah

campus has one or two cherry trees,

Washington, D.C., has many, and these

places are beautiful without cherry blossoms, but Tokyo—Tokyo needed

its cherry trees. They lined the Imperial

Palace moat, the bombscarred avenues, and the park driveways, and with the cherry blossoms, out came the Japanese people, out of their shell of desolation and despair.

Spring brought hope to the Japanese people: their years of total war had

ended, their first election in more than a decade and the occupation seemed to give them a new freedom, and the cherry trees were in bloom.

Spring also brought hope to the

American servicemen: the chance to

go home seemed to come closer; the mail

service was improved; spring had returned; and the cherry trees gave them

something of beauty to appreciate.

In the midst of the spring weather, across the moat from the palace grounds, a general conference was held CHORUS SINGING AT TOKYO CONFERENCE on April fifth.

With all due respect to general conThe organ, an olive drab field instruhas been sung in the tabernacle. Lyle

ference on Temple Square, the Tokyo ment that probably played for services Tregaskis of American Fork, Utah, conference was also designated as a on Iwo Jima, was played beautifully by member of the First Cavalry Division, general one; held the same day, with Red Cross worker Marjory Tate of led the singing. It was necessary for

the same spirit uniting the men and Tooele. The choir hadn't practiced Alexis Tanner and James V. Terry,

women in the name of Christ. Those in long together, but it performed well both of Salt Lake City, to administer the

attendance dressed slightly different: under the direction of Mrs. Flora Salm water three times to complete the passkhaki predominated; sisters were few Martin of Honolulu, finance department ing of the sacrament to all the four

in number; civilian men numbered only employee, with solos by Richard R. hundred seventy assembled members,

two; Japanese natives, a score; but it Clawson of Salt Lake City, a member but the spirit of humility and reverence

was an inspirational session, a reunion of the Tokyo Military Police battalion, never left the gathering.

of brothers, cousins, and missionary and Paul Grimshaw of Cedar City of companions. In every aspect possible, the First Cavalry Division. The assem- /Conference was held in Tokyo on

it was a Temple Square general conbled congregation sang "Praise to the the island of Honshu and into the ference. Man,"with the same conviction that it city came men from every major island,

from the Philippines, and from the Asia mainland. Five train carloads journeyed

together from Osaka, Kyoto, and

Southern Honshu, a five hundred mile trip.

Via jeeps and cargo trucks, visitors saw the battered city of Tokyo. In the

Diet building ( Japan's capitol building they saw the emperor's throne and

Tojo's former chair. They saw Hibiya

Park, the small garden spot in the heart of Tokyo; the wide, deep moat, with

its huge, black bass and carp; the gutted

navy department; war ministry building,

home of the war crime trials; the

American Embassy, home of General

MacArthur; the British Embassy, with

its mechanically strutting guard; Meiji

Park and Stadium; and the famous Imperial Hotel.

PHOTOGRAPH OF ASSEMBLY AT TOKYO CONFERENCE It was a typical conference: rain the

—Photographs by T /c Mickey Portillo of the "Pacific Stars and Stripes. [Continued on page 406)

374 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.::

BENJAMIN FRANKLIN

distributed Prepared and by the the rancvtltundt Franklin Committee National r9

raised there. His writings played a On September 7, 1769, he wrote to

great part in influencing British public Cadwallader Evans that he had sent opinion and the British ministry to him a treatise on the management of keep Canada. An opponent of the silkworms

presented Franklin Laws, English Corn entitled satire in 1766 a clever "On the ceedTherein ouris nocountry.doubt Itbutis thatthe happiestit mightofsucall

Price of Corn and the Management of inventions for clothing. Wool uses a good

the Poor."deal of land to produce it, which, if emUpon Franklin's second visit to Engployed in raising corn, would afford much

land (175767), he had an opportunity more subsistence for man than the mutton

it, time the at same land, impoverish and agricultural the that perceiveONE of the earliest Americans to to observe the wretched conditions of amounts to. Flax and hemp require good laborers factory and English was the

all. at it But food to produce permit no should the of country resources farmers, the that American convinced in hedgeplanted trees be mulberry may Franklin Benjamin not wasted, be infarms, their were own owned who for or shade avenues, or walks rows on of honorable "the farming most termed his off. expressed finitely better is He else nothing wanted house, near where a

useful the most all employments, paragraph, following in which the the for in ideas which food worms to grow. The

itself, and rendering man the most was written in 1760: produce the silk is in the air, and the ground

independent."This remarkable inventor under the trees may still produce grass or

and scientist felt that farming must be Manufacturers are founded in poverty. some other vegetable good for man or beast.

land without is of the It poor multitude the continues silken garments of the wear Then science a business of a and something others for must work in country, and a who of the strength the longer, from so much as of life. a well as way underenables that starve, or preferwages it low the greatly to materials, give as field of at in the Franklin's work no manufacture. to a But carry takers on of is it populous the most that ence. Hence widethe writing most perhaps had of his land of piece a can have its inhabitants who man clothes China, countries,

spread influence in directing the atown, sufficient by his labor to subsist his with silk while it feeds them plentifully, and tention of the public at that time to the family in plenty, is poor enough to be a has besides a vast quantity both raw and value of education and agricultural manufacturer and work for a master. Hence manufactured to spare for exportation.

for in is America there land enough while Doren, Carl Franklin, pp. Van 1743, 14, science. pubhe {Benjamin On May manufacturnever be there people, can our 42829.) for promoting his lished "Proposals

value. of to ers any amount British the useful knowledge among services and chief Franklin's In brief,

it sugin In heplantations fuAmerica."that America's believed Franklin agriculture of in the growth interests

collection dissemination the prosperitygested and economic greatness ture and include botany and of variety great agricul- a onof information of production on the depended Bartram offices, 1 his John Through subjects, practical suchscientific of and promotion the tural products on and for collector plant American became uses newly virtues ofas the materials. in and foreign raw commerce

at EdinBotanical Garden Public the roots; trees, herbs, plants,discovered

in Botanist King's and burgh (1764) servFranklin's /"Outstanding in introducamong chemistry; discoveriesnew

(1765). America of introduction new is the histion of improving of methods new ices Pip- 2. of introduction Newtown His grains. plants and useful animals; improveuseful of varieties ofbreed new

to led into England (1759) pin apples kale, Scotch clearbrought planting, gardening, in and hements Europe From Scions of importation subsequent the probarley. soil He and theing of Swiss the nature kohlrabi, land; and and

in apples these of cultivation the and Pennsylvania. in He regions. silk culture different ofproductions moted

His interest in promoting knowledge introduced the yellow willow for basket the British Isles.

of the importance of agriculture brought making, and he taught the farmers of 3. He introduced grafts of Newtown

Franklin into contact with the RevPennsylvania to plaster their land. Pippins, also American nuts, trees, and

France. into shrubs the broom he brought Virginia Eliot of Connecticut, whoseerend Jared From

printed, bought, and distrib- 4. He of EngField and corn, Husbandry,"by way from China, on and"Essays

other agriculture subjects were widely land, he brought rhubarb used in mediuted books on agriculture, gardening, read at that time. Frequent correspondcine, unlike the already common garden and botany.

ence took place between the two type known as pieplant in America. 5. He introduced the following usefriends, and such subjects as potash, Abroad, his agricultural activities ful plants into America from Europe:

the drainage of swamps, the cultivaprofited France, which learned of the Scotch kale, kohlrabi, Chinese rhubarb, tion of hemp, the planting of hedges, Newtown Pippin while England became and Swiss barley.

familiarize Americans 6. helped He grass. to fowl pertaining meadow with other angles acquaintedand many

of pulverproperties fertilizing the with knowledge brought also discussed. practice France hefarm were On nuTo used ized which gypsum, is now widely including trees, scientist the various American of employed occasionsmerous

his literary talents to familiarize the nutbearing trees and shrubs. as a fertilizer in the United States.

British with the opportunities which Franklin was early in experimenta- 7. He played an active part in the

America offered to farmers. In 1760 tion with gypsum as a fertilizer. He promotion of silk culture in Pennsylvania. the chemical field with, in fertilized of a large Yearsat the close the Seven War 8. He was probably the first Amerifield has "This unministry the the words, English tracedAmerica, was and

writin call attention to can a published letters in large along plastered,"France from whether to takedecided been agriin ing education the value of to isable to Indianthe sugarproducing Passersby were a roadside. West

the also science cultural probably andland Frankdistinguish or Canada. touched the grass gypsum of Guadeloupe by

crops of insurance the to suggestlin the first far the profound green than most wrote a brighter because by it was indiseases, against storms, plant andarticle field. in the "pamappeared rest of the which

phlet war"which was waged on the In 1 768, after Parliament had passed sect pests.

question and urged the government to an act offering bounties for the producThus it may be realized that the field keep Canada. The scientist realized tion of silk in America, Franklin made of agriculture was neither neglected nor

the immense advantages which the a recommendation that Pennsylvania forgotten by the versatile man who beAmerican West offered for farming, and seriously concern itself with the merits queathed us a score of hints for better the variety of products which could be of cultivating silk. farming and thrifty cultivation of land.

JUNE 1946 375

Scome LOST

Dw Arrtkur i5. learner TJ. he boy kicked viciously

at the brown clods turning up from the plow. He wished the old, happy feeling supper."In afterthought he said, a discussion on what we were going to

would come back. A great fear surged "Leave the plow in the bushes tonight."do with our lives when we got older.

in him. Maybe it would never be the He wanted the boy free so he could Everybody had their turn. When my

same. talk to him. turn came I told them about our life,

He couldn't put it into words, but the They walked in silence down the about how you said that working with realization came upon him that this was path leading to the farmyard. The man the earth brought you closer to the

the first great bitterness. He rememwas trying to find an approach suitable reality of things and to God. And if

bered his father once trying to tell him for opening conversation. But the boy, you studied the earth and worked it

something about these bitternesses, but with wrinkled brow, spoke first. the way you should, the earth would, in

that was before all this. What did the "Dad, was farming what you wanted turn, give you some of its strength.

word bitterness and its mate, sorrow, to do when you were a boy?"Some of them laughed and said I was

mean to him then? Nothing. They were "Not exactly, Son. I used to dream getting poetical. Some of the others

only schoolbook words, a concentration a lot about what I wanted to be. Somesaid as far as they were concerned,

of letters to be placed properly in a times it was a traveler. Then again it working the land was nothing but a

sentence. was a lawyer. I even wanted to be a life of drudgery. You could tell that a

The boy pondered over his short life. politician once."The man looked at the lot of them looked down on the whole

What was he? A farm boy. His life boy almost humorously. He thought he thing. Some said there was nothing to

had always revolved around the soil. knew something of the boy's trouble advance toward. It was the same thing

Under the tender and sensitive guidnow. over and over. I guess a lot of them

ance of his father, the life that was his "Why do you ask, Son?"didn't think very much of it. I didn't

had a mystery and beauty that comThe boy looked away toward the know so many people thought that pensated the lack of material things. mountain. Embarrassment showed in way."The boy did not look at the man

But now, after the conversation in his face. He said, "I just wondered."as he finished. He shook his head as if

school, he didn't know. "It's not a bad life, boy. You get a trying to shake the painful and persistHe watched the earth gushing up feeling for it after a while."ent thoughts from him.

from the plow. He felt as if the dark, "Is it really like you said once beloamy soil had betrayed him. The fresh fore?"JLhe man walked in silence.

and pungent smell of newturned earth "To me it is,"said the man. "Why? He knew that what he said to the boy

no longer hit him in the middle with Did someone tell you different?"now would have much to do with their

some strange feeling of ecstasy. It only The boy did not speak at once. He relationship in the future. Here was

brought back memories of that afterlooked long at Old Piney Mountain, as the first great doubt in his son's life, noon in school. He knew if something if trying to find some philosophy in the and he must help the boy to find the

didn't take the empty and bitter feeling rugged vastness to soothe the hurt withanswer and solution. He did not want

away he might grow to hate the land. in him. At last in a soft, pained voice, the boy to become a brooding stranger

It was the same earth that his father he spoke. ( Concluded on page 390

lovingly ran through his fingers. Had "It was today in school. There was

his father betrayed him by teaching him to love the land?

tall, bent man with gray- A ing hair stood on the knoll overlooking the field. He watched the boy plowing

as he had often done before. He sensed

that something was wrong. The boy

did not stop at the end of furrows, as in the past, to stare dreamily into the distance. He drove the old horse with

a cold determination. It was as if he

were a conqueror by necessity, battling some hated force that must be overcome. The man walked slowly and

thoughtfully down the knoll.

"How's it going, Son?"

"O.K., Dad. I'm just about through."

The boy kept his head down. There

was a sullen glint in his eyes.

"Anything wrong, Son?"IllustratedJohn HenrybyEvans, Jr.

"Nothing much. Don't feel well."

"Better unhook old Jim. Your mother's liable to be peeved if we're late for

376 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

VL DOME OF THE ROCK* Ljeorae X UannonWithinis an theareawallscoveringof Old thirtyfiveJerusalem Dm acres which is sacred to more people in the world than any other spot.

It is known to Jew and Christian as the

Temple Area and to the Moslems as the

Havam, meaning the noble sanctuary.

For centuries this spot has played a prominent role in the history and traditions of these three monotheistic religions. It is principally known for its

religious significance, but today many people are concerned about its political importance. These few acres have

greatly affected the political history of

Palestine.

To the west of this area is a wall of huge limestone slabs known throughout Christendom as the Wailing Wall of the Jews. Any day in the year, on

the west side of the wall, can be seen

Jews of all ages and description, weeping, wailing, chanting penitential psalms, and offering prayers for themselves, their families, and their people.

It is an affecting experience to observe these devout believers kissing the i&l&8&fcjKe&& stones, thrusting their faces into the MOSQUE OF OMAR FROM THE SOUTH chinks of the wall, and beseeching Solomon's temple stood until the desins their toJehovah pardon and thestore remosque has been erected called the nezzarstructionin 586of JerusalemB.C. WithbytheNebuchadfall of the his to Temple Area chosen

histhe the of Rock. know To the destruction temple. of the city camepeople. Included in the liturgy is this Dome

this tory of is to history rock the know generations returnthe afterward,verse Two of Jerusalem and why Jerusalem has ing exiles reared the second temple, but build, Lord, build to holy Lord, a be come city to the Moslem it in comparison so poor with the was

Build speedily. house thy as well to the as Jew. first that the the aged, who recalled haste! In In haste! even in our days,

earlier building, they wept when saw Build thy speedily. house

reared. one being temple new The haste, In haste, in even in our days, HTradition has identified this rock as the

Build thy house speedily! the altar upon which Abraham of the exiles lasted until 20 B.C., when

made ready to sacrifice his son Isaac. Herod the Great commenced a temple

However, the wailings of the Jew This ancient event is of religious significomparable to that of Solomon's. This

have no effect upon the present procance to both the Moslem and Jew. The is the temple which was standing durprietor of this sacred spot, the Moslem. rock is referred to in the Bible as a ing the lifetime of Christ. Upon this

No Palestinian Jew is allowed to tresthreshing-floor used by Araunah the temple was placed a warning to all pass upon this area. In all Islam the Jebusite. King David obtained possesGentiles that to enter the temple's inner

Havam is one of the four holy places of sion of the rock after being commanded court was to do so "on pain of death."

the Mohammedans and is second only to do so by one of Jehovah's prophets. The duration of this temple was short.

to Mecca and Medina. Following David's demise, the rock and It was destroyed in 70 A.D. by the

focal this point within area The is a land surrounding possession it came in Titus. under Romans Jewish A freshgreat fiftyeight rock feet long, forty of David's built his son, Solomon, who rebellion brought Hadrian upon down

feet wide, and rising six feet above the famous temple and used the rock in the city in 134 A.D. The town was

ground over which a magnificent front of the temple as a sacrificial altar. (Concluded on page 406)

AT LEFT: THE ROCK OF MORIAH. THE ROCK CAN BE SEEN IN THE FOREGROUND. AT RIGHT: THE JEWS'WAILING WALL.

JUNE 1946 377

'"..> ** -.--; -.:..'... BIT:; <**** NW*:-:;;:#

m

TJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake * A Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nationwide radio network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every By RICHARD L EVANS Sunday at 11:30 a.m. Eastern Daylight Saving Time, 9:30 a.m.

Central Time, 8:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 7:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

-Afntidote to Jiear LJn oLl ma Jorever V

HPhe news that breaks upon us these days would unsettle Tt is a good thing occasionally to examine the reasons for the lives of all of us if we would let it. We are daily some of the things we do. Customs and habits are relatively

exposed to report and counter report, to opinion and counter easy to make and relatively difficult to break. And among our

opinion, to accusation and denial, alarm, mistrust, duplicity, most persistent habits and customs are those which have to and uncertainty, both from near and far places—all of do with traditional days and seasons, one of which is Easter.

which turns our thoughts again to a phrase from the Psalms Some of its symbols have loomed large in our minds. The rab-

"He shall not be afraid of evil tidings."(Psalm 112:7.) bits and the baskets and the eggs and new spring attire are

But, unfortunately, we are afraid of "evil tidings."Unforamong the sure signs of its coming, and all add their color

tunately, the peace within us is often shaken by the tragedy, to the season. But there would have to be a greater purthe contradiction, the conflict, the clamor, by the impact of pose than this to justify perpetuating Easter. That purthe headlines, by voices that bring report of all the injustice pose, of course, to many of us, is to commemorate the reand misery and stupidity that have or could be devised by turn from death to life of Jesus the Christ, the "firstfruits

men, as a result of which there are times when our waking of the resurrection,"by whose triumph over death all manhours are shadowed by fear, when sleep is made restless kind have the assurance of a like coming forth from the by fear, and when dreams are colored and fashioned by grave—all of which faces us squarely with these facts:

the fear of evil tidings. But, fortunately, there are ways of Either this event as witnessed and recorded in history is

casting out many of our fears, and one way is not to leave true or it is not. Either men are immortal or they are not.

room for them in our lives. It is usually the vacant house Either we ourselves shall pass through death to life and

that acquires the reputation of being haunted. And it is shall come forth again by resurrection or we shall not.

perhaps equally true that the more vacant our lives are the Such issues are not to be compromised. They are true or

more likely are they to be haunted by fears. The idle man they are false. Of course, we are free to believe what

has more room for his fears, more time to feed and indulge we want to believe. It is quite reasonable that men should

them, than has he whose life is filled with good works. As be reluctant to accept what they cannot explain, and it is

one antidote to fear, then, suppose that as individuals and certainly true that no man now living can explain the as a nation we get back to work, and rediscover the peace process of resurrection. But then who is there among us

and the joy of giving ur full energies to the creation of to explain how life came to be in the first place—and who

good and useful things. Surely we and all the world have is there to deny that we live? If we should have to give

need of every good thing that we can bring into being, and up everything that men cannot explain, we should have many needless fears will haunt our lives until we get in to give up much indeed, including life itself. But it is

and do the job that needs to be done. There is another fortunate that neither truth nor God is limited by man's

great and abiding antidote to fear, and that is faith—and understanding. If they were, we might expect nature and

any man can have it if he wants it and lives for it—faith the universe to be in the same chaos as are man's own

in the essential goodness and purposefulness of life, faith affairs. Fortunately, they are not. And so we accept this

in the personal reality of a living God whose glorious purday in recognition of the truth that if a man die he shall will matter are our fearsposes be accomplished, no what rise again. That we should live forever is surely no greater

it otherwise. matterand lives and no who would have God

that sameall men are his children, and life isn't going to cease here miracle than that we should live at all—for

or hereafter merely because of the wilfulness or the stupidity Power who gave us life here, has also given us life herecherish. after—us, all men, all those and and love and weof fears sooner the out such with some we crowd men—and

..."this? "... Believest I believe. thou... Yea, Lord: (Johnfaith the sooner of work, the some and shall know we

peace and the joy of heaven on earth. 11:26 and 27.)

—March 31. 1946.—April 21, 1946.

378 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA *(,. T's&888jS88s * "". mm

?y

they must be prepared to have their lives and their actions justify to scrutinized and 4rpprai&uta j-eoppeoplea the expect not But we must the impossible—notconfidence imposedeveninofthem.our

Consciously or otherwise, we tend to appraise and to leaders. We must not expect them to produce a miracle

classify everyone we see or meet or casually observe. for every difficulty. We cannot expect them to find answers

We like their appearance or we do not. We think we that aren't there or solutions that are contrary to law and

would enjoy more of their company or we think we would reason. For example, having long since proved that we

prefer less of it. We feel somehow that we could trust cannot live beyond our private means without meeting

them or that we could not trust them—and so on. And our trouble, we cannot reasonably expect anyone to find for us

appraisal of others is exceedingly important, because it is a way to live beyond our public means without meeting by our judgment of other men that we choose our friends, trouble. Having proved in our personal affairs that we

that we choose our business associates, that we choose our cannot produce something for nothing, we cannot reasonlife's companions and shape the pattern of all the years. ably expect anyone, no matter who he is or what position

It is not so much the things with which we surround ourhe holds, to produce something for nothing. We may desire

selves, but the people with whom we surround ourselves to have more and more, and we may hope to get it for by which we condition our living and our thinking. But less and less, but everything comes from somewhere, and

the reliability of our appraisal of others is limited by many if we demand more, we must expect to give more. And

factors. Many of the people we observe, we see only in we must learn also that title or position, either public or

one setting, in one situation. We may know them in busiprivate, does not make supermen of ordinary men. Indeed,

ness, and know nothing of their home life. We may see in mortality there are no supermen. There are some very

them in church and know nothing of their business practice. wise and able men. And throughout the generations there

We may meet them on formal occasions and know little are those who are endowed and inspired with vision and of their informal conduct—and yet really to know a man understanding beyond their time. But there is none who is

we must know much more than merely what he does under not subject to irrevocable laws and principles, and there is public scrutiny or in polite society. All men do the right none who at will can set aside the sequence of cause and

thing under some circumstances, but if a particular ineffect, whether it be in economic or social or moral or dividual cannot be trusted every day, and under all cirspiritual matters. And among the requisites to good leadercumstances, we shall always be given to wondering when ship, therefore, whether public or private, is wise acceptone of his off days is going to be. We would hesitate to ance and administration of law and of principle, and not

appraise a man as being virtuous merely because he is fruitless and disastrous attempts to set them aside. This is

virtuous on Sunday. We would hesitate to say that he is a world of law, and what we sometimes think is the magic

honest today if he embezzled funds yesterday. If he is touch, is in fact only deception. But seeming miracles do

careful of his conduct on some occasions, with some people, come with common sense, and integrity, and hard work under some circumstances, and at other times breaks all of and we have a right to expect no less than this in our leadless than this in us.the laws and all of the commandments—or a goodly share ers—and they have a right to expect noof them—we must necessarily be constrained in our trust—April 28, 1946.

and confidence, because the principles of honest and virtuThe April 7 comment appeared in the May "Era,"page 264 ous conduct do not apply only to special times and days. Copyright, 1946.

In other words, principles don't cease to be principles on

Monday morning. And this we must remember in all our

appraisals, both of ourselves, and of all other men.

—April 14, 1946.

Uemanai Upon <Leader5 Tt is often apparent that we expect much more of other men than we expect of ourselves.

Especially do we expect more of those who lead us. Indeed, those who accept the privileges and the obligations of leadership learn that

JUNE 1946

FLOWER ARRANGEMENTS SONNET FOR SUMMER MY NEIGHBOR

By Gertrude L. Belser (In a Mountain Meadow) By Gene Romolo

sunlit Willes in Wangsgaard a breathless Eva stood By you well does begun, to day, not me, seemHave The garden, I her voice hear Unless beyond my has this poem, loved Summer, beauty came aching such WhenWondering how hedge. read been to be? calls, "I baking she Sometimes have my forgotten, hosts under the hidden by And color of felt miracles at... awe youHave done. indifferent bed, time's sheets of crystal The pea? delphinium, sweet dahlia,In I laid fresh windowledge,"loaf your on a

I shall passages and wonder remember basin shallow in a arranged them you tulipHave in bed. bright as her now, hums, Or in delphiniums'cobalt grandeur At be could they placed where them lullabies,And singing mellowed, voice has Her the phrases; hear Inspiring again chime all shared by her are the locks graying on though And play, scarlet echoing mallows which That reflection their of beautiful becauseTwice head, comes the wall? on as background mirrors hungIn eyes, illuminates of her youth gleam A rime. silenced wintry under pages From mental in preserved your them I youHave greet to raised are where they me As will in paint Indian dipped brushes These storehouse, stand

tell all alone, their blooming beds, or inMassed the discard her weeds watching Intendy land; the of excitement on Again warm of flowerless days and brighten dark her theTo from to beauty strove choke That will swell sentences fragrant clovers'And winter land. understand, heart In the can cadences are garden days memories, whenWith needs, of mindful neighbor, ever my My forever carved, mine, exquisitely While, done? the in laughter through with shared me Has columbine. syllables of tender Live

years And, in life's troubled moments, dried my

BENEATH THE UMBRELLA tears.

LONE PINE By Mabel Jones Gabbott By Janet Moore the umbrellaBeneath crag, PEACE pine a on Lone falling water, Junewarm And gale; Fashioned by 's Lane splashed Dusty down V. Emans By ElaineWe storms Crippled by I daughter. sixmonth and my and scourge Which after peace, flail. learns, in seeking One I rain, thought, JuneJune head, lays her she places where The rock, in nourishment Rooted

gardens, victory crops and For fleece I her, found watching have chance, And Mothered by refreshing moisture coolAnd bed, grassy cloud a above Of at Nurtured whim hardens. that too soon earth For hill. nearly always, on a And, circumstance: Of

Small rivers bear her on their breast,

June rain means harvest in July, Dwarfed and grotesque, The Psalms uphold her, and a still

And bounteous crops in autumn, Victim of war; Midnight of stars, but I am blest

And depths in wells and cisterns Staunch and unyielding, Most often finding how she lies,

That now almost touch bottom. A conqueror. Lovely and sure, within your eyes.

But Cheryl's eyes were bright, upturned;

clatter listened to the She falling drops onOf tight stretched cloth SUNSET IN UTAH STRENGTH

Like fairy footsteps patter; By Helen Maring ( In tribute to a father and mother who lost

parade son) their only liquid sunbeams the desert's on rim of nearnessOr tawny The rhythm; staccato quick In like its song to mauve, Changes Holt Burnham some By Verna silk, pink the taut, throughSeen old hymn

Each was a happy dancing prism. Singing its praise to God of bounteous "ltfloTHER of the Pine"'tis said "the

earth, ** aspen is."*

the umbrellaBeneath greater of the the Voicing beauty worth Still, who can say which one the first was falling water, And Junewarm of hills, complete Violet hills, shadows and there?

She off fairly that your sweeps you who may know but that the strength feet, And to say, purple run out of words Mytaughtwideeyedme newsixmonthdelights daughter.in rain TillBeautyyou share. they

"This is a benediction, God's end of day."

Could fragile aspen, quivered with a breeze, stately strength pine? to tall given and Have HERE ARE ROOTS MY snap, leathersinewed seen aspen one (Has SUNSET GLORY

line? natural from bended far away Though Probst Young By Sylvia

By Kathrya Kendall quietly growing Yet, here longfingered, I have watched are roots frail womanMY inland sea is a golden bay give still, The one. guidance to unknowing the west, leans toward soil; I love the mountain day the in A subtle wayHere When

The sun climbs high to greet a quiet day, The sea gulls ride on the gilded waves Until he stood as fine as yonder pine,

And truant streams meander as they will. Like caravels at rest. Unmoved against a blackened horizon.

are here where mountains scrapeMy roots

The sea is gold, but the hills are mauve And I, again, in turn, have seen the man the sky;

High in the heart of hills where wild birds And tinged with misty blue, Hold courage firm for both himself and her.

fly, While distant mounts with their crystal His grief for her grief welded in his own,

Here let me live. I love the solitudes crowns Taking fullfaced the harshness of the sky,

That permeate the depths of aspen woods; Are veiled in purple hue. Staying subduing winds from one close by.

The changeless penetrating solitudes

Keep here my roots; the racy smell of pine, The glory lingers a fleeting space, *Because aspens are always found growAnd tall green fern, the intricate design Then swiftly the colors are furled; ing on a mountain side before the young

Of spider lace, the humming of a bee, Soon night has covered them with her robe pine grove grows up, they are called,

Can feed my soul and set my spirit free. Till dawn reclaims the world. "Mother of the Pine."

380 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA dividual members oi the nation must be given opportunity and encouragement to think for themselves.—M. C. /.

TREASURE FOR THE TAKING Ontfiobkrack (Anne Thaxter Eaton. Viking Press,

New York. 1946. 248 pages. $2.50.)

earlier this author N book same by A the for the dences authenticity of only not DISCOURSESMASTERFUL AND in ** stimulating proved a one encouraging the of claims for but of Book Mormon, JoWRITINGS PRATT OF ORSON their children. parents to to read This book life stories of the scattered Smith. seph The B. Published Compiler. Lundwall, (N. by list gives actual of of an books various aswitnesses of been Book have Mormon the Salt 2033, Compiler, P.O. Lake Box that kinds are to to people. read good young this in conveniently arranged and sembled City, 1946. pages. Utah. $3.00.) 620 is valuable along with comment made A the of the volume. Considering importance

title the of the the author, book, the pubthe foremost of exone Pratt was witnesses, interest the the in them, and wideOrson lisher, it is illustrated an<J not, whether or the compiler, of gospel. the restored of have should which pounders work He the of particular ages for appeal the book.

spirit. will acclaim. serreceive ago, long powerful done been in His mind andwas points this wise of to Foreword a use The

is all interesting the writings the as explain only and defend Not mons and book "... if list: child the loves to read who it is are, biographies It logical principles of faithpromoting. gospel but the with such

is wellselected surrounded within by books is is reading for that friend defeated. certainty foe of opposition or good MorHe his the ability, will of range reading he truth, great ideals in of monism. love a and was man J. W. A find it soon wants, a he whether what be

faithful disciple but humble, a always was tale of magic acor enchantment and an Christ. of the Lord Jesus CROPS FOR THE NEW latest the of rocketship."count WORLD NEW Pratt century half nearly a For Orson is parent building a Whether personal a (Charles Wilson, Morrow in the In ministry of the Church. was Editor. The library is selecting or the from public books this Macmillan Company, New York. edited, well arebook, than chosen and more library, this together the with author's book 1945. pages. 295 $3.50.) fifty his writings, of sermons and numerous former one, is Children, with valuReading

arranged in seven groups: (1) The MinHPhe new world is America, North and able.—M. C. /.

istry; (2) Historical; (3) Deity, the Holy * South. Fifteen noted experts in their

Priesthood; (4) Redemption of Zion and the fields have written for this volume sixteen NO TIME FOR TEARS

End of the Earth; (5) Modern Epistles; chapters dealing with important crops, (Lora Wood Hughes. Houghton, Mifflin

and Boston. 1946. Company, Records; Sacred Gospel and (7) (6) use, of worldwide are some being which

is 305 pages. veritable of $3.00.) mineThemes. a book The in the Americas. these of grown actuSome

historical doctrinal information and and ally in originated the western hemisphere. Lora Tf Hughes the had kind been Wood

is It this for inspiration. generation to good distant Others lands. have from come Maize, * to there weep, would have been much available the of teachings words andhave rubber, cinchona, others and are many time and for occasions tears. many She, It this will the of apostle Lord. mighty be interestingly. inpresented control of The however, the kind was of person take who all students. aid to gospela welcome is sect also pests given valuable chapter. a in things their stride their and adjustmake A. W. lie—J. at the of foundation Crops our economic ment, matter no situation the bad how

prosperity. introduction useful of The a arise. might life Her not one, an easy was THIS NEEDS WORLDWHAT that plant millions to nation. the may mean nor her were rosy, tellexperiences but her Publishing Raper. World The (John W. Progressive will farmers enjoy and laymen ing of spirit, them the for warms her genuine York. Cleveland andCompany, New this appealing A. W. love of nature human well can stimulate a book.—/. 1945. 245 $2.00.) pages.

similar affection readers. her among

"LTere is a book that is different. It is difTHE ANATOMY OF PEACE This book is another Lifein-America

Reves. book, (Emery Harper like the and & Bros., others, serves New its features, ferent as as to physical well rf 1945-6. York. pages. 293 a duce $2.00.) segment of American its in the flavor contents. of life. Noto introTimeas It is a book

for Tears covers in country the western willthat read read seldom be some by who is '"Phis valuable a book the to approach United States, from Texas the where author tired the the of convalescent, mind, by—by of * question peace. author analyzes The first conscious became this of business of it reads conhim andand by runs—for who carefully the in situation the which world living, to California, the Montana, Northtains to page. sentence only one a And

itself. finds states: political and "Our He west, as well as Hawaii, southwestern and the writsentences arethose gleaned from

social are conceptions Ptolemaic. The C. /.ings of to readers of Raper, Canada.—M. John who W. is in live world Copernican."which we And for years hasthe Press been Cleveland

feels that he drastic must changes, we make SHOOK FAMILY THE WE TREE as has punc- "Josh and Wise,"whoknown (Hildegarde if Dolson. is changes, the to at arrive world peace. House, Random New fightstured fought bubbles and many many York. 1946. is 199 pages. of respecter author $2.50.) no governments. The battles thrust sharp withand the many won all states failed. that of them have He this hilarious To Tn volume, the indiauthor is lies his pen. taste ofof a what Here

is Latterday Saints his of statements one cates * the fun and the mishaps that ocfar thewithin: records the show, as "So of particular significance: establish- "The curred in her family in small a in the towntortoise the race hare."with only one won of single universal the ment a as SuGod old good of days the 1920's. is is book The a last bull's-eye the target the of part"The Being preme source and authority unique of to joy read of because the delicious humorto will out."wear become hard man "Any over the mankind, attribution and his of the and very quality of human Miss Dolson after inboiled hot being times."water few a direct relationship to earth, every on man in seeing the ludicrous in the even isIt most for tonic a good wants anyone a who first revealed for the time the only lawtrying situations. has She picked out the in thought doesn't apungent hurry and making system peaceful upon which human laigh-provoking most incidents from her clear to chaff to too getwant much away society built."can be This deserves book life little in a Pennsylvaniait. town and it ended is to thing the Another commend careful, thoughtful rereadthe hign on selling note of first reading—and her writingenthusiastic Parrish. of endorsement Amos C. ing.—M. J. to The Yorker. New L. E.—R.

Parents teachers and of youth will find FIRST THE FREEDOM the book valuable in helping them laugh off WITNESSES OFTHE THE L. Ernst. (Morris Macmillan Company, difficult situations, or least at capture the OFBOOK MORMON 1946. York. pages. 316 $3.00.) New point of of view the younger generation. &> Nibley,(Preston Compiler. Stevens

RTj'r. this writes full of Ernst out book a C. Inc., J. SaltWallis, City, Utah. Lake—M. *** in experience defending writers and1946. 192 pages. $2.25.) RESTLESS INDIA their publishers in fight for of freedom the

'(Lawrence K. Rosinger. plates, to delivered I 'he Smith Henry Joseph by Holt Co., press. feels & fields: that author in three The

* a resurrected personage, from which the radio, movies, and printing, the tendency New York. 1946. 113 pages. $2.00.)

translated, of seen wereBook restrain was has to Mormon been curtail thought to and country no figures Probably to greater a is persons. several for This remarkable,by of speech. freedom statistically proves * He extent in the current world situation hasseldom than person one more the had of the "monopolies how mind calmly have India. than Since her more than four hunspiritual experience. Nevertheless, enteredsame our folkways."dred million people comprise fifth of one

later testifiedthree eight that they and all men citizens of the United To the race, human matter no far States—and how removed plates. the testimonies seenhad Their are to citizens the of world Mr. one country feel it may from India generally—what cannot

all in editions offound authorized the Book Ernst to has say deserves careful attention, be overlooked in the present situation. world

of witnesses without Mormon. exThese consideration, ultimate action. and in For the as When, author states, learn that weception true their to all remained testimonies. countries, there must realization a come in the early part of 1946, the of people

these eviif witnesses powerful thatThat is makes the nation to progress, the in- (Concluded on page 398)

JUNE 194 5 381 wek Moves On President to Mexico er rendering valuable aid in the translocating Latterday Saint meetings, the

President George Albert Smith left lation. Latterday Saint servicemen's committime revised a second tee copy has The advised was that information rein for an extended midMay Fletcher Elders and garding trip by Floyd meetings Church W. W. may be obfar asthat him as Mexico City. took Salt City, Brent tained of Wright, both either Lake from

first in Pueblo, Colorado,He stopped missionaries, former and both Tongan Chaplain Vadal W. Peterson

site for he inspected awhere after revision a third a monuand by Elders 0-929645 (Capt.)

ment commemorating the first AngloMorton and Wright it was published in 1629th Engr. Const. Bn.

Saxon settlement in Colorado. ( Part of April 1946. APO 503, c/o Postmaster

Francisco San will taken be copies autographed The Battalion, to toothe weak Mormon or to Huntsby President Tonga Evon W. California, the to hadcontinue march

Sgt. Melvin Teerlink—39934026 presimission newlyappointed to man, north started released hadbeen and I. Sec. G. Hq. YOBAS will dent. President and Dunn He Saints. of thejoin the main 404, Postmaster They body c/o make APO presentation the in behalf President of Francisco San 184647.) Conat Pueblo,wintered Smith, President before Albert George

tinuing to St. Louis, President Smith atDunn returns home. President Smith Utah's Oldest Man Dies

tended the annual meeting of the Naautographed copies for Elder Morton, /harles W. Seegmiller, Utah's oldtional Council, Boy Scouts of America. Siosifa Tu'iketei Pule, Tavita Mapa est resident, died at his home in St.

President Smith and Joseph W. Anand Mela Mapa, his wife, who also George on May 4, at the age of one

derson, secretary to the First Presirendered valuable aid. Tavita Mapa, hundred and three. "Uncle Charley"as

dency then went to Mexico City, headdied in January 1945, while serving as he was affectionately known, was born quarters of the Mexican Mission, where president of the Nuku'alofa Branch. in Mannheim, Canada, January 2, 1843,

they transacted Church business. Church Birthplace andassistedcamein totheUtahestablishingat twentythree.of the DixieHe

Assistant Coordinator /Commemorating the 116th anniverMission in southern Utah, and the of the founding the of Church, sary of Mission southern Nevada. Muddy B. Jr., has Matheson,/aptain John in living 6, friends April and members perfected Virgin the Rio which He dam"* set apart by and appointed been in at appropriate the services area met the irrigation of land posfarm made of president Benson, TaftElder Ezra in Fayette, the of Peter farm Whitmer in sible his section. that hunone On assistant as coMission,the European York. County, Seneca Whether in his birthday New dredth 1943 took he serviceSaint Latterday ofordinator old present the house on the Whitmer first ride. airplane

men in the European theater. His adfarm is the one in which the Church was

dress is: organized is not known. Missionaries

Captain John B. Matheson, Jr., "Cranklin J. Murdock, mission secretary, total in Japan 1 that a announced May

fulltime missionaries 1134 were has been reported that of 0-534106,APO 757 Hq.c/o PM,Comd.N. USFET,Y. Servicemen"Decause it

Captain Matheson succeeds Captain Latterday Saint servicemen staserving in their various fields, compared

Sherman S. Brinton who served as astioned in Japan have had difficulty in with 350 a year ago.

sistant coordinator and who has now returnee',o Utah.

Tongcm Book of Mormon Publication of the Book of Mormon into the Tongan language, twentieth language of publication including the

Deseret Alphabet, for the book, has now been completed, and specially bound and autographed copies by President George Albert Smith have been sent to the island's rulers: Queen Salote

Tupou III, of Tonga; another for

Prince Tupou of To a; the third for

Premier Ata; the fourth for Finau

Ulukalala, governor of Vava'u (northernmost of the three island groups ); and

the fifth to Tu'i Ha'ateiho, governor of

Ha'apai, the center island group.

The work of translation began in 1938 at the instance of President

George Albert Smith, then a member of the Council of the Twelve, and the late

Elder Rufus K. Hardy of the First

Council of the Seventy. Elder Ermel

J. Morton, then laboring as a missionary in Tonga, made the translation in

six months. President Emile C. Dunn RELIEf SOCIETY WOMEN MAKE PRESENTATION TO MRS. HARRY S. TRUMAN

revised this translation, and Siosifa with Womenhandworkof fromthe Reliefthe ReliefSocietySociety.of the LeftChurchto right:with Mrs.Mrs.TrumanGwendolynat theT. WhiteGwynn,House,Mrs. Zetellaafter presentingW. Thurman,her

Tu'iketei Pule and Tavita Mapa, two Mrs. Priscilla L. Evans, Mrs. Elsie B. Lundberg, Mrs. Edith S. Elliott, Mrs. 6. Backman, Mrs. Belle S. Spafford,

native brethren, came to America with president;governor ofMissUtah;EthelMrs. Evans,J. Will Mrs.Robinson,Truman,Mrs. Mrs.Abe Murdock,J. WillardMrs.Marriott,Ernest Mrs.L. Wilkinson,Herbert Mrs.B. Maw,WilliamwifeH.ofKing,the

Elder Morton with the manuscript, aftand Mrs. Edgar Brossard.—International News Photograph, by G. Bradford Kress.

382 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Relief Society North Central States: Geraldine BearnSevier, Utah; Julia Clark Sorensen, Rich-<

Appointment of Isabel Barton Calson,gon, SpanishMidvale,Fork,Utah;Utah;WillardLureaBurgon,H. N. MidBur- field,SpanishAmerican:Utah. Wilford McClellan,"lister, wife of Louis H. Callister, to vale, Utah; Ingrid A. Johnson, Salt Lake Delta, Utah; Hannah Jennings Ash, Mesa,

the general board of the Relief Society City; Beverley Jean Openshaw, Salt Lake Arizona; Frederick Thomas Ash, Mesa,

has been announced. She is a member City; Harry Davison Wells, Hyrum, Utah. Arizona.

Shelley, Alfred Harker, TexasLouisiana: (Salt University of the Lake Ward States: Northern William Rue Fuller, Shelley, IdaHarker, Idaho; O. Edna Mary she has Stake, City) Emigration where California. Richmond, City; Salt Lake ho; Charles M, Radley, for a teacher School Sunday been,a

Falls, Idaho. States: Southern Black, Soelberg, RichNephi Idaho C. J. James years. of number field, Fairfield, States: Utah, Birdie Christensen, Harriet B. Pond, Cleo Western

Idaho Falls, Idaho; Wilford Moses ChrisIdaho; Alice Coombs, Salt Lake City.

Stake Presidencies tensen, Idaho Falls, Idaho; Geraldine Levie, ( Concluded on page 388

IN the Bear River Stake, President Robert J. Potter and counselors Charles J. Wood

and Kleon Kerr have been sustained to sucMISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME APRIL IS, AND LEAVING APRIL 24, 25, 1946 ceed President Clarence E. Smith and Left to right, first row: Lawrence D. Smith, David M. Manning, William E. Berrett, instructor; Blaine

counselors John J. Sbumway and Knud H. N. Taylor, Ronal T. Young, Charles C. Carr.

Fridal. Second row: Patty Sessions Scott, Evelyn Crane, Lelia E. Baumann, Ruth Morris, Lowell S. Watson,

President Lewis B. Critchfield and counEvelyn Wursten, Lorane Wight, Glenna Belnap.

selors David R. Martindale and Charles Third row: Ellen L. Weir, John S. Coteman, Ralph K. Jones, Laurie Teichert, Myra BeeGough, Charles

Alexander, Black. M. Preston, Patterson, D. Kendall J. William Evans President Clark Verl have succeeded

Turner, Fourth row: Charles R. Smith, Arvilla Brough, Howard VanderMeyden, Deloris LeGrande W. S. Martin, Charles S. Clark, and Moses Schmidt, Crandall, Tula Nelson, Betty Clara Tew.

H. Severe in the Cassia Stake of George L. Ferrin, Oscar Merrill Oscar Floyd Fifth row: 0. Christensen, Andrus, Mrs. G. Wayne L. Loveless,

Idaho. J. T. L. Ferrin, Hillyard, Delia R. Harris, Tew. Jensen, E. Junior Beckstead, James Olga Julie Margaret

In the Moroni Stake, President George Sixth row: Norma Vance, Ruth Jensen, George H. Hobbs, Marriner W. Roskelley, Maude H. Roskelley,

McKay Anderson and counselors Clifford Marjorie Black, Verda F. Haws, Izora K. Stoddard, Izola Bowen, Carol Sampson.

R. Seventh Bolton, L. Laxton, row: Marley, Fenn, Carl Alva William Leland Fenn Marion Garr t E. and sucBlackham Ralph Cook West

J. J. Mrs. Phelps, Russell, Phelps, Smith Janis Allen, Durrant. Smith Helen Rowena President ceed Madsen, and counDermont

Eighth row: Taylor, Catherine Fannie Lawrence, Gruenwald, Joyce P. Ralphs, C. Leon Surelda Ralphs; selors H. and George Thomas Cook M. E. J. Christofferson, Bruce Peterson, Betty Keith V. Lundberg, Lynne Adamsan, Walker. John Owen Anderson.

B. Fleet, B. row: S. Byron Wilkins, Ninth Willard Parker, Teddy Merrill, Van K. Owen LeWana

Ward, Branch Changes Angerbauer.Egbert, Carmen Richardson, Vaughn K. Lauritzen, Don C. Wood, Jr., Merlin C. Leonhardt, Ralph E.

E. Dell Tenth row: Floyd Saxton, H. Ashcroft, Theodore Zola Plumb, Charles Adams, Morrison, City "D righam North Eighth Box Ward, Harper, Blaine B. Wendell B. Harper, S. Jenks, W. E. Varsel Grant Baxter. Monson, Donald** Stake, Elder created from has been a Miller, Eleventh Sorensen, Clifford row: Morris Smith, E. Paul William Keith Sohm, William Hegerthe of portion City Brigham horst, Fourth Ward, Nielsen, Sorensen, D. Poulton, E. Roy LaMarr Clark, Kay J. Vernon Wright. W. Van

with Ernest E. Hansen as bishop.

New Plymouth Branch, Weiser Stake, has been organized from parts of the Ontario, Nyssa, and Letha (Oregon) wards, with Branch President Elbert T. Ashby

sustained.

Shelton Branch of the Seattle Stake has been disorganized and the records and membership transferred to the Olympia Ward.

New Ward TThe Arbor Ward of the Temple View (Salt Lake City) Stake has been organized from parts of the Jefferson and McKinley wards, with Percy K.

Spencer as bishop.

Missionaries Released

February California: Emily Wilkinson Chapman,

Salt Lake City; John Henry Chapman, Salt

Lake City.

Canadian; Ruby Johnson, Salt Lake City.

New England: Myrtle Esther Bernards,

Salt Lake City.

Northern California: Leo Blosch, Salt

Lake City; Shirley Ann Gleave, Annabella,

Utah; Joan Smith McQueen, Preston, Idaho; Nancy Alean Sorensen, Springville,

Utah.

Northwestern States: Beulah Burton, Salt

Lake City.

Texas: Edna Marie Odenwalder, Salt

Lake City.

March MISSIONARIES THE ENTERING MISSIONARY 27, 28, 1946 HOME LEAVING MARCH 18, AND MARCH

Lucille California: Glover, Salt Amy first Left to right, row: Bessie Huntsman, Hess, Norma Ririe, Marie June Meiners, Peterson, Helen Salt City; Mrs. Ragnhild K. Johnson,Lake Fern Halyard, B. Colton, director. Don

City.Lake Eastern States: Beth Manwaring, RexCall, SecondVerla Brinkerhoff,row: Lula Cammack,Bernardo DonPabloJamesDuaret,East,GrantAlfredMiltonGeorgeNielson.Pollard, Raymond Madsen Smith, Barbara

Lois Third B. raw: Johnston, Edith Nielson, Green, Merlan Idaho; Benson,burg, Ernest Thelma Chauvie, Katie SacFaragher, Jacob Andrew

Chauvie, Renee Thomas, Verna Grange. California.ramento,

Fourth Irene row: Stone, Beth Ernest A. Francom, Olive White, A. Sarah J. White, Fowers, Joseph

A. Fowers, Josephine Joyce Meiners, East States: Dalton, Central E. Ricks. George Henry William

Hunt, Bunkerville, Nevada. K. Tanner,Fifth row:BettyEdithLou ArleneSeeley, VanderWoulde,Warren J. Wilson,AnnaMortonDeon Clark,B. Cutler.Nona Andersen, Cecil John Baron, Sylvan

Hawaiian: Frank Ray Wilkinson, StockSixth row: Nielson, Dennis Eton Slade, June Dorothy Dansie, Norine Richards, Marvel Olsen, Dora

ton, Shields, California. Evertson, Vernon V. Helen Larsen, Grover, Donna Lloyd J. Chamberlain.

row: Seventh Merrill Austin Nelson, Charles Boogert, Ellis Ira LeRoy, NavajoZuni: Pearson, Martin D. Bushman, W. Dial, Wayne John Snow-

L. Eldon W. Stokes, Ward, William Plaas.flake, Arizona.

row: Eighth Preston Young, Johnson, G. Hyrum A. Kenneth Warner, Curtis Grant Tucker, F. Ralph California: Northern Oliver C. Howell, Gibby, E. Jean Keith Oakey, Wiggins, Anderson, Reed Joyce Thorpe. W.

Logan, Utah. Ninth row: Daniel A. dinger, Harry R. Smith.

JUNE 1946 383 cJLetter of rint J-re&ldevicu Editorials

Loncemina Sacrament rPo Presidents of Stakes May 2, 1946 vJiAf Ljind—ana \Ju,r i5ous

and Bishops of Wards A recent release from the Federal Bureau of InvestiDear Brethren: gation records this startling fact:

Inquiries received at the office of the First Presidency Arrests of girls under twentyone increased 109.3 percent

disclose the fact that there is a divergence of opinion last year over the last peacetime year of 1941, while arrests and varied practices among ward officers with respect of males under twentyone decreased 7.3 percent.

to the kind of music, if any, that should be rendered While this summary is for the United States and its during the administration of the sacrament. possessions, it has significance for the Church, coincidRecently, this question came before the First Presiing as it does, with the year in which the Church andency and the Twelve who unanimously approved the nounced its churchwide Latterday Saint girls'program,

recommendation that the ideal condition is to have designed for the purpose of knowing more about our absolute quiet during the passing of the sacrament, and girls and keeping closer to them.

that we look with disfavor upon vocal solos, duets, Frankly speaking, it may be that in the past we have group singing, or instrumental music during the adgiven more attention to our boys than we have to our ministration of this sacred ordinance. girls. Certainly we have had more organized activities

There is no objection to having appropriate music and more means of keeping in touch with our boys during the preparation of the emblems, but after the than we have with our girls, through the priesthood until prevail silence is should perfect offered, prayer our other Church quorums and agencies—including the partaken been of by have the water the bread and invited more boys system, has always which missionary

full congregation. than girls into its activities.

It was further suggested, and unitedly agreed upon, Basic to every social problem is the fact that boys that the sacrament should be first given to the presiding and girls in many vital ways are not separate entities, authority in the meeting. This may be the bishop, perbut rather component parts of one picture, closely tied

haps one of the stake presidency, or one of the visiting together in all of their interests and activities and conGeneral Authorities. It is the duty of the priest officiatduct. A letdown among girls inevitably means a leting to determine who is the presiding authority present; down among boys. We cannot save either of them

thus, whenever the sacrament is administered, members without saving both of them. This is fundamental to

of the Aaronic Priesthood officiating will have a lesson the Church and kingdom of God, both here and herein Church government. after, as well as to the community and the nation, and

When the sacrament is given first to the presiding to society itself.

authority, those officiating may pass the sacrament If a generation were to save its boys and were to consecutively to members of the Church who are sitting have lost its girls (which could only happen theoretion the rostrum and in the audience. cally), it would have been a generation of utter failure.

It was also the conclusion of the Council to recomAnd with the implications of this fact we are faced mend to the superintendency and general board of the more than ever today, because fewer of the traditional

Deseret Sunday School Union that local Sunday restraints and fewer of the elements of timehonored

Schools be advised that the significance of partaking protection surround our girls at this time than ever of the sacrament will be enhanced if no music be given before within modern history. More and more they

at that period. Undoubtedly, there will be those who are doing men's work, are found in men's company, and

will claim that soft, appropriate music contributes to are sharing life on an equal footing, both the desirable better order; but careful consideration of the institution and the undesirable.

and purpose of the sacrament will lead to the concluAnd so we take this opportunity to say to all of those sion that anything which detracts the partaker's thought who are responsible for the guidance and for the lives from the covenants he or she is making is not in accordof our boys and our girls in the wards and stakes and condition that whenshould exist the ideal ance with neg-: Don't the in our homes missions of Church—and

is adminordinance this sacred, commemorative ever close to them; lect either them, of Keep or any of them.

istered to the members of the Church. keep your arms around them, and account for every one

Reverence for God and for sacred things is fundaof them. To keep these choice sons and daughters of

mental in pure religion. Let every boy and girl, every ours near to us is a great and important and necessary

man and woman in the Church, manifest this principle mission, even as it is to go to far places and among by maintaining perfect order by selfcommunion whenstrangers.—/?. L. E.

ever and wherever the sacrament is administered. * # *

Sincerely yours, Where is happiness, real happiness? Nowhere but in

God. By possessing the spirit of our holy religion, we

are happy in the morning; we are happy at noon; we

are happy in the evening; for the spirit of love and

union is with us, and we rejoice in the spirit because it is of God, and we rejoice in God, for he is the giver of every good thing. Every Latterday Saint, who has

experienced the love of God in his heart, after having received the remission of his sins, through baptism, and the laying on of hands, realizes that he is filled with joy and happiness and consolation. He may be in pain,

in error, in poverty, or in prison, if necessity demands, /$awiet,]/7ltf&7The First Presidency still, he is joyful.—Brigham Young.

384 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

He turned the leaves, and spoke to them. Then, they

heard a voice declaring that Evidences and These plates have been revealed by the power of God, and they have been translated by the power of God. The translation of them which you have seen is correct, and I command reconciliations you to bear record of what you now see and hear.

Joseph then went in pursuit of Martin Harris, whom he cu. Lan IA/e Relieve the lA/ltnetee5 joined in prayer. To the great joy of Martin Harris, the

same vision opened to him. Thus, the three witnesses

had realized their desires. (See History of the Church

to the $ook of ormovi 1:5456.)

event record of this the written True, by Joseph was 'T'hree men, and later eight men, declared in two forstill living, Smith, witnesses the but have were and could handled that they testimonies mal, signed saw and corrected any errors in the account. This they did not

transof the plates was from which the Book Mormon do. lated. is evievent always account an of any A detailed in estabstatements these of importance The great truth. its in to deal of are careful dence Deceivers few

the Smith in faith divine of mission the lishing Joseph generalities. details ocevent whole and many The

all the students of recognized been Prophet, by has full in daylight. All of vigorous curred were them

affidavits, these Saints gospel. Latterday restored To in health. men good

the of young of edition in authorized Book every published

Mormon, have been and are a source of faith. 3. Eight witnesses corroborated the testimony of the

Unbelievers in the divine origin of the Book of Morthree witnesses.

mon have been forced, on the other hand, to stand As if to make assurance doubly sure, the plates were baffled and perplexed before the testimonies of these later shown to eight other men. Whether all eight saw

witnesses. the plates at the same time is not known. However, the

The evidences for the truth of the witnesses are conmen, Christian Whitmer, Jacob Whitmer, Peter Whitvincing. They cannot be denied. Here are some of mer, Jr., John Whitmer, Hiram Page, Joseph Smith, Sen.,

these proofs Hyrum Smith, and Samuel H. Smith, unitedly signed

the testimony in which they describe the plates and the 1. It was prophetically foretold that three witnesses engravings on them, and further declared that they actushould see the plates and bear witness of their experially handled and "hefted"the plates.

ence. Such corroboration of the testimony of the three,

It is a remarkable fact that this prophecy was reunder different conditions, and at different times, cerceived by the Prophet in March 1 829, before the Book tifies immeasurably to the truth of the events.

of Mormon had been translated. It reads in part as

follows: 4. The witnesses remained true to their testimonies

to the end of their days.

... in addition to your testimony, the testimony of three of Some of the witnesses left the Church, others were

my servants, whom I shall call and ordain, unto whom I excommunicated, but their testimonies for the truth of shall things, forth with these words will and they go show my the unchanged. remained Book of Mormon

shall of they that a surety Yea, you. given through are know

witnesses, the three Oliver Cowdery and David Of it I will declare for things are true, from that these heaven unto them. I will give them power that they may behold and Whitmer were excommunicated. Martin Harris drifted

view these things as they are. (D. & C. 5:1113.) away. Cowdery, of undisputed high intelligence, and

Harris, holding stubbornly to his views, both returned

The united testimony of the three witnesses is a and were again baptized into the Church. Whitmer,

literal fulfilment of this prophecy. It cannot be exhugging old grievances and remaining unaffiliated with

plained away, for the prophecy and its fulfilment actuthe Church, bore frequent testimony to the truth of ally occurred. It leads directly to the divine purpose the translation of the Book of Mormon from the

to which the Prophet said he was called. Nephite plates. Oliver Cowdery practiced law. Several

2. The events which led to the testimonies of the times, before the courts, his integrity was impugned

witnesses are described in circumstantial detail. because of his acceptance of the Book of Mormon.

Each time he bore powerful testimony to the truth of

Soon after the announcement, the three men who bethe Nephite record. Wherever he went, he was looked came the first group of witnesses—Oliver Cowdery, upon as a man of honor. He died with his testimony

David Whitmer, and Martin Harris—asked that they upon his lips.

be selected to see the plates. While very different in David Whitmer remained in Richmond, Missouri,

temperament, they were alike in having minds of their to the end of his life. He lived to be a very old man.

own and doubts of their own. They wanted to make sure Many persons called on him to ask about his testimony

for themselves that Joseph's story was true. to the Book of Mormon. Orson Pratt, Joseph F. Smith,

About two months later, in June 1 829, the plates were James H. Moyle, and C. C. Richards were among these

shown to the three witnesses. On the day set, Joseph visitors. To each and all he reaffirmed his testimony.

Smith and the three witnesses, Oliver Cowdery, David He died with his testimony upon his lips.

Whitmer, and Martin Harris, sought a secluded spot Martin Harris, after various misadventures, rein the forest. After prayer by each one, when nothing mained for many years in the East near the Kirtland

happened, Martin Harris withdrew, feeling that his Temple. Visitors there would quiz him about his belief

lack of faith was preventing the manifestation. After in the Book of Mormon. Among them were Edward

his withdrawal, a heavenly being stood before them in Stevenson and W. H. Homer. His answer was invarithe midst of a bright light, with the plates in his hands. (Continued on page 414)

JUNE 1946 3&S owing A Place of His Own nowhere"Kent wasn'tto keep thehis things,"only oneMrs.whoWalhad pressedroundtablea wishtype forof discussiona more informalof parBy Lucia Mallory dron added. "Now each of us has a ental problems, rather than a series of

place of his own."classroom lectures. Since the only com-

""LJere is the health record book "I am glad to see how you are solving mon denominator of a group like this is we've been making at school, the problem of living normally in their delinquent parenthood, it is obMiss Mallory."crowded quarters,"I told my new viously difficult to plan a series of disFrom a small chest of drawers in the friend. cussions which will change attitudes

corner of the living room, Kent Wal- "I think the mothers of each generaand ideas in fathers and mothers of dron brought an attractive handmade tion have their own problems to solve,"such widely varying backgrounds and booklet for me to see. I was visiting Mrs. Waldron answered. "In the early viewpoints.

with Kent and his mother in their tiny days of this community, pioneer mothCharles L. Chute, executive director

apartment in one of the new, hastilyers faced the problems of isolated living of the National Probation Association, built housing projects of our city. The without complaint. I think we should has stated in regard to the study of

two had been frequent visitors at the try to do as well under reversed condithis school:

tions."children's Library whereBarnard I am this features of constructive of the One I evening, that walked home As thislibrarian. they evening had On is parents that impressed with are I program it to all thought mean would much how until invited time closing andstayed their their relationship to seriousness the of

industrial in the children crowded our dinner. for with them to come homeme responsibility their their children, for of and

"This is a good book, Kent,"I comareas if every mother tried as hard as children's conduct. However, making atMrs. Waldron to give her child a tendance at such a guidance center compulmented, as I looked over the neatlychance for individual development by sory is a questionable practice since it seemslettered pages stapled together in a

bright paper cover. "I don't wonder providing a "place of his own."like punishment and sets up a natural refirm- distinguish between can We

of the part the courtthat you take good care of it."sistance.ness on the toward

at his mother looked and smiled. Kent

getting"It always lost when was I first Parent School child,parentandwhoa punitiveis neglectingattitudehis whichdutiesaccomto his brought it home,"he told me. "Whenplishes little. We cannot superimpose any

ever I wanted to put in a check mark Centence to a course of eight onekind of learning on parents so we must not to show that I had brushed my teeth, I hour lectures is the order of the overlook the primary importance of working had to hunt for my book. Mother court in San Francisco to certain parwith them as individuals and helping them

helped me fix a place in which to keep ents whose wayward children have to be conscientious and capable parents it."been placed on probation for such acts rather than careless and ineffectual ones.

"Our family has been used to having as stealing, malicious mischief, sex misThis is one of the big problems of the is officer to important job whose in this threelaw. probation of violation have or other behavior, spacemore than we understand his the child both and guide and expro- like Mrs. apartment,"other California, Waldronroom states, may parents. well adult planned However, eduplained. "We had a big house, and secute adults for contributing to the cation, particularly for confused and ignoKent had a room of his own. When we delinquency of a minor, and it is under rant parents, can do much to prevent delinmoved here, it took a great deal of planthis general statute that the juvenile quency.

things—forning to find roomour foodfor thesuppliesmost andnecessaryclothmotherscourt mayguiltyfindofdelinquentneglectingfatherstheir basicand

ing. parental responsibility when their chil-

"One day,"she went on, "I saw dren get into trouble. The judge is thus

the lying couch things paron to stipulate school that theseKent's empowered Kerc?r( CfW to put them Francisco to tell him ents shall attend about the Sanand was

away, when it suddenly came to me Parents'Guidance Center. Booklet on Tree Disease

that he had no place to put them! That John Schapps, field consultant of the

Armillaria or Fungus, Root over his office I looked the association, and of Franciscoevening daddy the San resulting OakRot,Root Armillaria from Melea could manage to see study recentlyapartment completed a if we is alof this San invasion, to serious very a menace to make a little more storage space in Francisco "school for parents."Twenmond, apricot, cherry, citrus, peach, pear,

any of the rooms. That one corner of tyfive parents were interviewed by Mr. plum, prune and nut trees, also shade trees

the living room offered the only posSchapps to determine their reaction to and ornamentals. Once single trees or

sibility. As you can see, we needed the program of the guidance center. groupsimmediatelyof treesbe becomecompletelyaffected,grubbedthey shouldto assomething small. We were fortunate He found parents generally willing to sist in preventing the spread.

in finding that little chest of drawers, attend, often interested to be assigned After grubbing, provided the disease has unfinished, at one of the stores. to the school though they were not alnot progressed to the point of infecting adtrees jacent indication that visible bear no what Mallory can tell Miss to the plan "conditioned""You we ways by careinfection, the treated vacant area may be it home, broughtdid interviews when with ful preliminary Daddy the ofwith bisulphide. carbon

Kent."judge or the probation officer. Several, Illustrated booklet 204 published by

"Mother showed me how to paint it however, felt that they had lost face Wheeler, Reynolds & Stauffer, manufacmyself,"the boy said happily. "Daddy by being ordered to attend in the turers of the chemical in San Francisco, conkeeps his papers in the top drawer, presence of their children, and for this tains complete information and recomMother's sewing things are in the next reason they continued to resent the askingmendations.and mayThebe bookletobtainedisbyfreeaddressingfor the

one, and the lower drawers are for me."whole program. Certain others exthis company.

386 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and beat thoroughly. Add nuts; return to

tray; freeze until firm.

Red Raspberry Shortcake Coofe Corner shortening A, msaUmm cup sugar Josephine B. Nichols H%1 beatencup egg

flour cups "Decipes salt teaspoon you will want to use for your 2MY.*> June parties: teaspoons 3 baking powder

Country'fried Chicken 11 cupquartmilkred raspberries 2 chickens 3-pound sugar; shortening and and richer, add Cream egg more flavorful 1 enriched cup

well. sifted alteringredients flour beat dry Add salt tahlespoons \Yz milk. in with nately eightgreased two Bake

1 teaspoon pepper in inch layer round hot pans cake mthPatkee's oven 1 tablespoon paprika / (400 F.) for minutes. twentyfive layPut cup fat % together ers top with cover and sweetened Cut chicken in serving pieces. Mix flour raspberries. Top with whipped cream. Margarine!

and seasonings. Rub this coating mixture Want your family and guests to

into chicken pieces thoroughly. Brown lightOatmeal Cookies enjoy every last morsel of your

flavor for cookies? and Then fat; fatly will in hot spatter not cover so

richness use Durkee's Margashortening cup to moist. chicken keep unslowlyand Cook

is rine. mild, so Durkee's so honey cup til tender, hour. to about one brown Turn

in flavor. countryfresh sweet,so 1 egg last remevenly. ten minutes to Uncover perfectly blended, Smooth and 2 tablespoons hot watercrisp coating. too. love youngsters wonder No quickcooking cups IH oats it prefer on cooks bread—good flour enriched Barbecued Buns cups Durkee's cooking, baking, for

salt teaspoon frying! quality This margatop Y 1 of beef ground round pound teaspoon soda Ya is rine as for value food famous onion chopped cup l teaspoon cinnamon as It's well economy. enriched pepper chopped green cup raisins cup with YlY Vitamin A.

1 1032ounce can tomato condensed soup

Yi tablespoon barbecue sauce Cream honey and shortening. Add beaten

1 teaspoon salt eggs. Sift flour, soda, cinnamon, and salt

pepper into mixture. Add oatmeal, raisins, and

water. Mix thoroughly. Drop by teaspoonfat. in small of hot meat amount Brown sheet. in greased fuls onto cookie Bake

until pepper. green onion and CookAdd 375 15 minutes. cookies. oven for 60 Makes

soft. Add remaining ingredients. Cover.

Simmer thirty minutes. Serve on toasted

bun halves.

Rosy Fruit Salad

Arrange grapefruit sections on crisp lettuce leaves to resemble flower petals; fill

center with cottage cheese and garnish with whole strawberries. Serve honey mayonwill be used Hints Payment for Handy

naise. publication. event the one In dollar upon

Honey Mayonnaise thatthe onetwo postmarkedwith the sameearlierideawillare receivesubmitted,the tree'sMr 'of the ideas be returned, can None onehalf dollar. to honey two tablespoons Add

will receive careful consideration. but each fold in whipped mayonnaise; one cupcup

cream.

tubs. a small your laundry Keep box near

find Glazed Orange Tea Biscuits You'll the convenient to hold it very 1 recipe prepared baking powder biscuit buttons, snaps, or other pieces that may dough comeess.—Mrs.off clothesH. T. C,duringLogan,the Utah.washing proc- S* i*SES dUtasPo-n butter melted

rind sheet 2 grated tablespoons orange ivory, rub yellow, turned with has When 1 but n Vsed cookie cup sugar 2 the color, turpentine to restore carebeing l ltl ful C., /. use too not to Los M. balls. Roll in butsmall Shape dough into much.—Mrs. 48 cookiesCalifornia. Angeles, rind in sugarter then combined orange and - *deSakes**in

inuntil coated. greased, small well Place reciPf mmaleWkee** arl Sice,Sp cinnamon,such as garden peas dip them in hot To shell in balls three greased pans,muffin or place

c then cold water water. through them Run pans. in hot muffinmediumsized oven Bake niseSeedohii wringer. washing your peas machine The fifteen er 'until (425 F.) about golden brown ckeeGiog - \ fall into the hulls the back and machine go hot.minutes. Serve Pie Spice through. injure This peas. the does not on

HoneyNut Ice Cream—-Mis? E. P., Salem, Virginia.

1 Junket Rennet tablet A paper garment bag that can be completely sealed insurance against is good 1 tablespoon cold water if are moths the garments moth free when s 2 cups light cream

Yi cup honey they're put into it. Mrs. G. H., Hinckley,

3 drops yellow food coloring Utah. Du. Y cup walnut meats Don't use a wire beater for cleaning rugs

Rennet Dissolve carpets. It loosens cuts the and pile. />y>v,-;.;: -VW?'// f'f-'ff honey. andcream the carpet tabletWarmin coldslowly,water.stirringMix orClean then one first on side and

constantly. When comfortably warm, not on the other with a vacuum cleaner. Mrs.

hot, remove at once from heat. Add dis- M. S., Lehi, Utah.

Stir coloring. tablet quicklysolved and food rres"

only. seconds oncefor a few Pour at into If door and window screens are painted cJ5*Country$*'i

refrigerator tray. Do not move until firm, with aluminum paint it gives clear vision

or for about ten minutes. Then chill about out, yet makes it difficult to see in from outthirty minutes. Freeze firm. Turn into bowl side during the day. B. S., Hinckley, Utah.

JUNE 1946 387

THE CLEAN LIFE

(Concluded [torn page 362) rate has been ever upward, skyrockettions from the makers of a leading brand ing! Why should we deliberately

of cigaret stating the scientific proof, poison ourselves?

which no one would try and refute toThe nonuse of tea and coffee, hot day, that nicotine is a poison, that its drinks, and poorlychosen foods, are you have used our Costumes YOU wasuse islessharmful,injuriousbut becausethat theirit cigaretburns Theimportantmannerin thein whichWord weof Wisdom.use our

KNOW THEY ARE THE BEST for slower and users get less nicotine. Anbodies, the care with which we keep

their advertises other brand product as rested, clean, properly exercised—them your play or opera production. practically free of Millions of nicotine. bearing health and on a direct all have

dollars are spent to advertise tobacco a clean life.

Hillam's Costume Shop lastto thewarpublic,has beenandto thepopularizedrive sincesmokingthe The law of chastity and virtue, the

Salt Lake City, Utah among women. Note the terrific ininjunction not to kill, steal, lie or bear

false witness, another's covet goods, in cigaret consumption in the WITH SPLENDID crease 10 ROOMS FILLED in vain or use obscene God's name COSTUMES if take since States United then and judge the campaign has succeeded. language, and the second commandDuring the war years, 19161919, ment to love our neighbor as ourselves,

cigaret consumption in the United form the basis of proper moral conStates more than doubled, rising from duct. We must think clean thoughts,

See what's twentyfiveannually. Sincebilliontheto fiftythreefirst worldbillionwar, sofor "asis he."[a man](Proverbsthinketh 23:7.)in his heart,Our

happened civilian consumption of cigarets has inthoughts play a major part in shaping creased rapidly. In 1930, 123 billion our actions and our destinies. We cancigarets were manufactured, fifteen not escape them. Few crimes or evil

hundred a year for every American actions are not premeditated.

man, woman and child over the age of Finally, the clean life is a truthful fourteen. From 1930 to 1940 the Amerlife. "To thine own self be true, and

ican annual consumption rose sixty bilit must follow, as the night the day, lion more. This is a basic rate eight thou canst not then be false to any

& times that of 1916. And since 1940 the man."

THE CHURCH MOVES ON

Children "go for"( Concluded from page 383 24, 1892. Excommunicated 1940, in Dillon

tempting rennetcustards Stake Conference Evening Meeting Branch,Paul WesleyNorthwesternHudgins,StatesbornMission.November

And no wonder! Pretty colors, mouthrTTHE decision of the First Presidency 28, 1908; high priest. Excommunicated

watering flavors, lots of gay, tasty topand the Council of the Twelve has March 28, 1946, in Denver First Ward, pings rennetcustards Stake. make a surprise giving the ImDenver Mutual been announced treat every time Charles 10, you serve E. Kingston, them. born October the Associations And provement Sunday it's so easy elder. 1909; milk 1, into April to make these Excommunicated

eggless, noncooked custards... the evening meeting at stake quarterly con1946, in Bountiful Second Ward, South

rennet enzyme makes the milk more ferences. This changes the policy creDavis Stake.

readily digestible too. ated in April 1942, in which these SunEthel M. Kingston, born June 27, 1911.

in Bountiful April 1, 1946, sessions Excommunicated conference stake evening "Junkt"all grocers. day

Stake. Already sweetened. Davis Second Ward, South Rennet Powder—Six favoriteAtflavors. all the auxiliary alternated among were

Vanilla L. 24, Kuehn, born Chocolate Norman November Lemon Society, organizations. SunThe Relief Orange Raspberry Maple 1892; teacher. Excommunicated March the Primary, and School, M.I.A., day in 1946, Rennet Milwaukee Tablets Chicago Ward,

will continue Society Genealogical \ sweetened. // '—Not"Junket"sugar, Add to 26,Stake.

flavor taste. to 12 rennet their special meetings and hold ward Lee, 1879. Beesley 30, born August Amy tablets in package; each tab-. *X meeting the evening conferences during in 21, 1946, Excommunicated let LayMarch or makes rennet- 4 5 \tfWB** e*$&

custard desserts or \* more than ton Stake. Davis fast North.V\ day. Ward,

pint ice a of cream. groon At >K\"10, Lee, 1879; born September Edwin W. cers druggists. and Si i\ O\v

elder. in 1946, 21, Excommunicated March President Stake

Stake. Layton North Davis Ward, sustained as has been C. Simmons Frank Bessie 23, born Macy, December May

Stake, of succeedthe president Weber 1894. 1946, 26, Excommunicated March

ing Riley. Russell was Tanner H. N. James in Stake. Milwaukee Ward, Chicago

first as counselor, SEND resustained and JUNKET Raymond Bessie 1924. 23, born Macy, August Joy

S. COUPON as sustained counsecond Wright was in 1946, 26, MilExcommunicated March RENNET selor, succeeding Elder Simmons. Stake. Chicago waukee Ward,

recipes for POWDER Elizabeth Moeller, Gertrude Bertram born and Excommunications September 13, 1906. Excommunicated

Benoit, born Rosaire May 9, March 26, 1946, in Milwaukee Ward, ChiFREE Lawrence "Junket"1, April 1905, elder. Excommunicated cago Stake.

Tablets Rennet hgSSi Stake.1946, in Bountiful Fifth Ward, South Davis deacon.EugeneExcommunicatedEmil Rail, bornMarchJuly 26,7, 1892;1946,

Henrietta Auguste Dahm Bertram, born in Milwaukee Ward, Chicago Stake.

Menuplanning helps for mothers, May 18, 1875. Excommunicated March 26, Madelyn Athalie Tonsor, born October

"DoubleDuty and Menus in Stake. FREE! Rec1946, 26, 1946, 25, Chicago 1916. Excommunicated March Milwaukee Ward,

Rennei also trial package ipes;""Junket"Childs, 19, in Bliss Stake. born April Milwaukee Ward, Chicago Gudmundsen Tablets.

"The 'Junket'Folks,"1901; seventy. Excommunicated March 25, Matilda Madelyn Maud Tonsor, born

Inc. Laboratory, Hansen's Chr. 13, 1894. Excommunicated March 1946, in Springville Second Ward, Kolob August

Falls, 76, Little N. Y. Dept. in 26, 1946, Milwaukee Ward, Chicago "DoubleDuty send Menus and Stake. Please

Recipes"and free trial package "Junket"Eleanor Prows Childs, born March 3, Stake.

Tablets. Rennet 1907. Millard 18, Tonsor, 25, 1946, in born Excommunicated March John May

paste {Just 1919. in 1946, 26, Stake. Excommunicated Kolob Second MarchJr., Ward, your add thisnamecouponandonaddress.)postcard Springville and

I. Pettengill Stake. Dial, Florence Milwaukee Chicago Ward, born January

388 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "ALMOST RIGHT -IS WRONG!"

SHOP MOTTO AT ROBISON MACHINERY CO.

You can buy equipment at Robison Machinery Co.

with absolute assurance that competent service

facilities are always available. With our staff of

trained and experienced mechanics our shop motto prevails: "Almost Right—Is Wrong.

Mechanics in the various departments of Robison

Machinery Co. shop are specialists in their particular work and have proper tools, equipment and

mechanical devices to keep man hours at a

minimum.

The photograph illustrates the above points. It

shows an experienced mechanic doing precision

work and saving time with an especially designed Co. The fixture is built so that the cylinder head

device. Here a cylinder head from a "Caterpillar"may be rotated to any position, thus making it

Diesel Engine has been mounted on a fixture deeasily accessible for grinding valve seats, repairing

signed and buHt in the shop of Robison Machinery cracks or performing any other needed operations.

You'll never have an orphan when you buy from Robison Machinery Co.

We provide service for everything we self.

MACHINERY CO. 245 WEST SOUTH TEMPLE STREET

SALT LAKE CITY 1, UTAH ROBISO

Industrial Tractors Engines and DIESEL CATERPILLAR

ENGINES TRACTORS MOTOR GRADERS EARTMMOVING Snow Plows Brooms Mowers EQUIPMENT &$ Loaders Cranes

JUNE 1946 389 -k-k-k-x*** FOR A WISE PURPOSE (Conctuded from page 357) I will have to hope and trust in God's mercy the* for released were they time ago Some of a man rest;my andprincipleI believeto beGodlost.never made Estill did Sister mission. the Then from

WITH research, and they have found the Evidently he hoped for just such a names of hundreds of ancestors and man as Brother Estill and other relaover three thousand of their kindred tives and friends and God's mercy to dead. see that he received all the blessings he

5riqkqnam DanielBrotherBoone,Estillandis parta descendantof their reof deserved.In this way Brother and Sister Estill u/oiU f search has been on the Boone line. have become "Saviors on Mt. Zion."

Daniel Boone wrote in his journal: Their dreams and visions have led them

of makright paths and in the way is I to love that religion the have God into All mission. earthly their The complete ing Christ; in believe Jesus fear and him and unweriiIt9 rightof the prayer fasting and humble myself and to all neighbor the good my do

Yes, the Church Unithat I can, and do as little harm as I can. eous availeth much.

versity is growing] Instructional staff, camSOMETHING LOST pus facilities, library, (Concluded from page 376) way would be to fill them with bitterand teaching equipin his own home. He knew well the pain ness and hatred, but the more difficult

of this moment to the sensitive boy. and better way would be with knowlment are being exNeither spoke as they came to the edge and truth."

panded to meet the spring. Each of them was preoccupied

needs of increasing with some inner thought. The man took C/motion filled the man. He

off his hat and stooped over the spring. stopped speaking. He wanted to imhundreds of young He dashed several handfuls into his part to the boy all the knowledge and

people who are realizface. The boy sat on a big rock shading wisdom painfully torn from the pages

masterpieces. distance. He great the off into staring the world's spring, of ing the value of studythe

their the knife thrust began frogs him to spare in the swamp, wanted Down ing at the Church Uninightly chorus. A breeze played in the torture of ripping from the heart an

versity. treetops with a soft and lonely sound. easily imbedded bitterness. He spoke

In the distance the mountains had again.

You may still enroll donned their coats of purple. This was "As I watched you plowing, I knew

for Summer School. a time of day the boy had always loved. without being told that you were fightThe orchestration of nature, the colors ing within yourself. Now that I know

that no artist could ever hope to paint what that fight was, I know you were and the other world atmosphere left thinking of the things I told you. Bechanged. haven't they Son, entranced. lieve me, SECOND TERM: him paintand the music still the are There man looked long at the evening The

July 22 to August 23 scene and then turned to the boy. He ings of nature. There is still the wondid not speak for a moment, but stroked der of growing life. There are still the

the old horse behind the ears. mystery and the beauty of all life. And

Finally he said, "I'm glad you told there is God sometimes so close you paused you."feel He him about of can a lot to face You'll have Son. ISriah,qyiam iyouna me,

in the at the looking boy moment, for a older. grow thing as you sort of this

Sometimes it seems as if the world is fast fading light.

Mnivertltif sneer,just oneyoubig can'tsneer.helpIf that;othersbutwantdon'tto "AndHe spokethere'sagainyou inanda veryyour softproblem.tone.

Provo, Utah sneer yourself. A wise man never To some your problem would seem a

imit is so thing. That great is why for a moment. stopped speaking He-K-K-K-K-X** sneers. He tries to understand."small matter, but to you it is a very things said today down portant. Put the to wanted he of what knowledge The

say was in his mind. He prayed that he in their proper place as part of your

might find the proper words to use. knowledge of mankind. Many people

Slowly he began. "Today you lost sneer at things they don't understand.

How about sending the something; beautiful dreams, and part Your loss today of boyish dreams can

of the boy in you. Boyhood and dreams be replaced by an understanding of

go together. Both start leaving you things. Someday when you are a man,

about the same time. The things I told you might be able to put all this into IMPROVEMENT you about the earth and our way of words or music. The world will thank

ERA becameliving andparttheirof relationyour boyhoodto higherdreamsthings youof God'sthen. earthAlwaysandrememberyou'll neverthe lessonsgo too

instead of part of the pattern and founfar from God or life's realities."

dation of a good way of life. That is Night had fallen. Evening sounds as a gift—a full year why they left you. It leaves a void in had been replaced by nightly sounds. A

you that needs filling. Maybe that is deep quietness lay over the earth. The

of remembrance why God gives dreams to the young; man and boy drew closer together. The

so there will be voids to fill. How you boy took the man's hand. The man

fill those voids are tests, just as the smiled softly and said, "Let's go home r i ones you have in school. The easiest to supper, Son."

390 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Liquid conservation pioneered system by manure John Reporter Farm Naegeli, Safeway's of Swiss Tillamook, dairyman mainOregon, farmers how on tab keeps tains fertility land. Fertilizing pasture of materials conoper- cut easier, work make tained in (nitrogen, potphosphorus, barnyard manure crop improve costs, ating ash, value sulphur) can of have approximately (no per $30 reports Safeway quality.

year, soil experts b point per out cow endorses) Necessarily Safeway we because findings exchangthat know people everyhelps ideas good fng alU After us including body, out of third a than more folks. farm are customers

MAKING THE GOOD EARTH BETTER

Drainage from two directions—the dairy barnyard manure prevents loss of soluble

barn itself and a large concrete apron adfertilizer materials by leaching (from heavy joining barn—keeps John Naegeli "rich"rains) and by fermentation (the escape

in liquid manure to fertilize his acres. of nitrogen as gas ammonia). This

Alongside and partly beneath the Naegeli way, too, the manure is spread on barn (under the cows) runs a concrete canal fields in an ideal form for immedior tank which is 120 feet long, 12 feet wide ate use by crops, and with and 5 l/z feet deep. This canal catches minimum labor.

liquid runoff from fresh manure inside the barn, and it also receives drainage from solid manure hauled out of the barn daily and dumped on the concrete apron. This

concrete apron—42 by 60 feet in area—

just slopes the enough to carry toward barn

PUMP all liquid that leaches the out from solid HOUSE manure back into the concrete canal.

Naegeli spreads the liquid manure over his pastures by means of a tank wagon. A

pump housed in the barn and connected with the underground drainage canal pumps the liquid into die tank wagon. 130

acres are covered during a year's period.

The liquid tank method of handling "EASY DOES IF VEGETABLE makes A SAFEWAY idea that produce HARVESTING for fasterselling and farm inrlled HERE'S CARROTS HOW less Yet condition. The a harvested are by V****"** better the store produce retail near leading grower d way oldfashioned - California. Holtville, the itso /plebetween city one just in tractorpulled special blade cuts under The to stores

multiple handling. three beds of 6 rows of carrots each trip

across field. Hand workers then pick up

the loose carrots THIS TYPE, widely used by PLOWS OF,**% stey $&F: Celery Coop, to the belonging Utah growers

have an 18inch knife attached to the landside. The knife cuts beneath standing

celery stalks so they can be lifted easily hand. Trimming out by same the jobSa Ido is in the field crating and done

distribution U.S. of food report VJlZ That's people

of unnecessary Bureau (crA ASrlP:rkuCralEconomics).,,f\ iminatesat Safeway's trucking because cuplan"

direct, an direct, Safeway sells buys to cut "infresher, middlemen get )<**;Cons costs between"extra handling. and 'bettertasting r vol. Safeway Pe regularly, buys offering producers a

better. it like steady market they... with fees brokerage no JTget a btgg reWrn! producers sales ume Safeway prices pays going or better, never offers

the neighborhood a price lower than producer quotes stores Safeway stands ready to help move surpluses SAFEWAYgroceryT.v

Safeway sells at lower priees, made possible by direct, less costly distribution... so consumers

can afford to increase their consumption

JUNE 1946 391 RICHLAND BRANCH GOLD AND GREEN BALL

T atterday Saints of Richland, city dent James V. Thompson. Both the

o the atomic bomb, were treated queen and her attendants, Miss Billie to an unusual social event recently in Keppner and Miss Beverley Manning, the annual Gold and Green Ball of the were attractively attired in colorful

Richland Branch M.I.A. Approximateformal gowns and made a beautiful and

ly four hundred persons attended. In impressive procession as they walked

addition to the traditional Gold and the length of the hall followed by the

Green, other dances and a floor show little crown bearer, Master Kirk Galwere featured. At the conclusion of braith, and flower girls, Marion Monthe floor show, the queen, Miss Geraldson and Dee Brimhall.

ine Wheadon, was crowned by PresiMrs. Moyle T. Binns was chairman

GOLD AND GREEN BALL HELD IN THE RICHLAND BRANCH, YAKIMA DISTRICT

of the ball. Committee chairmen were:

BEE HIVE GIRLS'CHORUS OF THE RICHLAND BRANCH, YAKIMA DISTRICT Jex Brimhall, finance; Maurice Smith,

advertising; Harold Monson, orchestra;

Mrs. Rafael Clement, Mrs. Clyde

PALMYRA STAKE GOLD AND GREEN BALL Bromley, and Mrs. Charles Wyatt,

decoration; Mrs. Preston Ballard and

Mrs. David Merrill, refreshments; Mr.

and Mrs. Robert Kenner, entertainment; Mrs. Ethen Hansen, Mrs. David

Last, and Mrs. Vern Belliston, program

committee.

Palmyra Stake

Gold and Green Balls Dalmyra Stake gave its annual Gold and Green Ball added importance by making it the official "welcome home"for the returned servicemen of the stake. It was one of the largest attended social functions of the year and

was given in the Spanish Fork, Utah, high school gymnasium.

So that everyone could be accommodated, two Gold and Green Balls were presented. A junior ball for all

Scouts and Beehive age groups was held on February 18. On the following

night, February 19, a ball for all members of the stake over fifteen years of age was given.

The theme of the ball was "America the Beautiful."Presented in pageantry,

it gave the history of America from the

Pilgrim fathers to the present time. Ten

wards of the stake were represented by queens who each portrayed a certain ill period. The queens were accompanied

by a serviceman in uniform as king or partner..:':;'"t&''.-':-'::': ':"'

the ball, one hundred young m Opening people from the various wards participated in a beautiful floor show. This

was followed by the advancing of the

Palmyra Stake M. I. A. sponsored a most unusual and successful Gold and Green Ball on February 18

and 79. A junior ball for all Scouts and Beehive age groups was held on February 18, and on February 19 colors by exservicemen and women,

fifteen years. for all overa ball Frank Robertson and Jack Christensen,

for both parties theme was "America the Beautiful"and the special floor show was presented both The evenings. The function was given added importance because it was made the official "welcome home"tor the United States colors; Louise Gardstake. ofthe returned the servicemen ner and LaVern Gomez, the Utah state

tableaux with and of dances music and verse made the floor show an outstanding one. Again A pageant

flag. social successful has achieved Stake event.Palmyra a

392 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA &PCU1SHME

o>j-;.-.'

SUNSET LIMITED GOLDEN STATE LIMITED OVERLAND LIMITED

48 hours, New OrleansLos Angeles! 49 hours, ChicagoLos Angeles! 49 hours, ChicagoSan Francisco!

Now! Fastest train time in history between Now! Fastest nonextra fare schedule in hisNow! Fastest nonextra fare schedule in histhe Creole City and Los Angeles—Southern tory between Chicago and Los Angeles, daily tory between Chicago and San Francisco, daily

Pacific all the way. Romantic Sunset Route on the Golden State Route (Rock IslandSouth- on the Overland Route (North WesternUnion

through the Old South, Texas, New Mexico ern Pacific) through El Paso (Carlsbad Caverns PacificSouthern Pacific)—shortest and fastest

(Carlsbad Caverns National Park), the MexiNational Park), the Mexican Border country, route between the East and the Golden Gate.

can Border country and the guest ranches of New Mexico and Southern Arizona. The GoldOver the spectacular High Sierra by daylight

Southern Arizona. No extra fare. Popular en State Limited has streamlined Pullmans in both directions. Over the Rockies, across

Argonaut faster, too. now between Chicago, St. Louis and Los AnGreat Salt Lake on the famous Lucin Causeway,

geles. New cars will be added as fast as reand through Reno. The Overland Limited has

CASCADE Now! Faster than prewar pletelyceived fromstreamlined.builders,TheuntilCalifornian,the train Goldenis comlinedstreamlinedas fast Pullmansas possible.now,will be fully stream-

—only 18 J/2 hours (overnight) between PortState Route "economy"train, is faster, too. Streamliner City of San Francisco, allland and San Francisco. This luxurious, solid Plans are under way for a brand new customPullman, extra fare train now back on prewar

Pullman train connects with northern U.S. and built, extrafare streamliner on the Golden 39%-hour schedule, leaving every three days.

Canadian transcontinental lines. No extra fare. State Route. When completed, it will provide Pacific Limited and the San Francisco ChalThe Beaver, Shasta Route "economy"train, is luxurious 39%-hour service between Chicago lenger, popular Overland Route "economy"

faster than ever, too. and Los Angeles. train, have also been speeded up.

THROUGH PULLMANS

COAST TO COAST Now! ThroughPullman service from

Coast to Coast, on Southern Pacific and connecting lines. No more changcars at ing Chicago. go straight You The friendly through from York to Los New

Southern Pacific orAngelesNew Yorkvia theandGoldenWashingtonState Route,to San

O. P. Bartlett, Passenger Traffic Manager, FOUR SCENIC ROUTES TO CALIFORNIA Francisco via the Overland Route.

310 So. Michigan Avenue, Chicago, Illinois Go one way, return anvther—SEE TWICE AS MUCH'.

JUNE 1946 393.::

rrnoid Uj. White 5

-appointment rnnovincea A rnold Dee White, secretary to the First Council of the Seventy, has eMefceiefe been assigned as assistant to Elder secretary of the Spencer W. Kimball, tk Ickizedek J-'riestkood to bi

Melchizedek Priesthood of aedtoration of committee the Church, it is announced, succeeding

Elbert R. Curtis, who resigned from Cc irat&d dune /6

that post March 1, 1946, to enter priTThe following letter dated April 29, Suggested topics to aid in the planbusiness. vate

Elder White, one of the presidents 1946, over the signature of Presining of this special program follow:

of F. Richards the George Counof the 227th quorum of seventy, has dent 1 it in the salvanecessary was Why cil of the presito Twelve, was mailed

that of the Holy Melchizedek man dents of stakes, of wards, bishops and tion

Priesthood be restored?

presidents of missions:

This is to advise you that by action of the 2. What are the authority and funcFirst Presidency and the Council of the tions of the Melchizedek Priesthood?

third the has been Twelve, in June Sunday 3. of the restoration How is it that in

designated the as to commemorate day Peter, Priesthood, the the Melchizedek

Priesthood. restoration the of Melchizedek

It is desired that in the sacrament meetings James, and John were the instrumentaliin all of the wards and branches of the ties?

Church, exercises in commemoration of this In the few stakes in which there are great event will be given. Wherever stake conferences scheduled for June 1 6, it is

conferences are being this Sunday, held on then a portion of the first general session suggested that a fortyfive-minute periof the conference, Sunday morning, will be od of the morning session be devoted to devoted to this theme.... this priesthood restoration theme. The

The purpose of this communication is to details of course should be planned by notify you brethren of the nature of this the presidents of stakes in consultation, contemplated meeting, so that you may see or through prearrangement, with their that nothing else is introduced in the sacraassigned conference visitor.

that will in meetings ment on this day any Below are references that may be interfere exercises, carwith these and way ry out the program according to the pubhelpful in the preparation of the suglished suggestions. gested topics

ARNOLD D. WHITE Without the restoration of the priestJoseph Smith's Teachings, p. 123; Doctrine 3; 20:2, 128:20; 27:12, and Covenants the Christ hood, could Church of Jesus

60:1-4; 121:3446; 107:1-4; 13; 18:9; 82:18; the toserved as secretary First Council in reestablished been not have

of Pearl Price, 4:1115; the Ephesians Greatof for years, the past ten the Seventy earth, that appropriate and we urge 6:7; History Vol. the Church, Moses of

and has been constantly engaged in publicity be given to the meetings in p. 207; Book of Mormon, Alma, chapterIV,

missionary work during the major part which this most important event will be 13; Gospet Doctrine, chapter 9, p. 168 (first

of his period of Church activity. During commemorated. edition), p. 136 (1939 edition).

his tenure in the Seventy's office he worked under the direction of three senior presidents, Elders J. Golden Kimball, Rulon S. Wells, and Levi Edgar dents of priesthood quorums and group

Young. fatterns of lA/elfc leaders has been mailed, feeling that its

He served the Church as a missioncontent may prove helpful to the priestary Britain to Great from 1930 to 1932, Service for hood of the Churchduring nineteen of time months which

Presidents of Priesthood Quorums Tohe secretary was Misof the European and Group Leaders sion the direction under of Elder John lriedtkooa ia/tuorums

Brethren: DearA. Widtsoe of the Council of the

find trying to of Ever and means ways '"Phere is a need throughout theTwelve. the in the of improving priesthood work

Constantly connected with the misChurch for a little more effective Church, the general priesthood committee sionary program and active therein, leadership in the quorums of priesthood. submits to you the following patterns of

Elder White filled two terms as a stake We would not disparage the fine work welfare service for priesthood quorums and missionary in the Grant Stake and one of unselfish devotion of our brethren hopes that it may serve to stimulate greater term as president of that mission and presiding over the respective quorums, interest and activity:

later a term as president of the East but just so long as one brother in a Rehabilitation of quorum members is

Mill Creek Stake Mission. quorum is absenting himself from the primarily a priesthood quorum activity.

Born October 29, 1909, in Salt Lake regularly appointed meetings of the Welfare implies an interest in the personCity, Elder White is the son of Mahonri quorum and the Church, or one brother alby wellbeingevery otherofmember.each member of a quorum

M. and Mary Dott White. He married needs our help in any regard, being disPersonal wellbeing implies that a quorum

Erma Manwill in the Salt Lake Temtressed in body or spirit, there are probmember shall have the means of supporting, ple. They are the parents of three chillems for the quorum to solve and meet. not only himself, but also those dependent

dren: Edward A., 10; Erma Ruth, 6; With this thought in mind the followupon him, either from his own business or

and Cherie Lee, 3. ing letter "P-18,"addressed to presifrom gainful employment with another.

394 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA general, what may be done in personal welfare work within the quorum.

1. Have you gone over your roll book or

welfare green cards to know how many unemployed you have?

Yes D No 2. Do you know the occupational inclinaHPnestW tions of your unemployed?

GENERAL PRIESTHOOD COMMITTEE COUNCIL OF OF THE THE Yes No D FIELDING B. SMITH, A. CALLIS, CHAIRMAN; CHARLES HAROLD 3. bishop your with Have you conferred

G. E. TWELVE—JOSEPHCONDUCTEDLEE, EZRA TAFTBY THEBENSON, E. MARION ROMNEY, CLIFFORD KAY, THOMAS MC determined members and how many

YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, ANTOINE R. IVINS without definite plans for postwar emare

ployment? Yes No

One of the functions of the personal welWelfare Check List 4. Have you conferred with the approfare committee is to aid in finding gainful priate relatives and friends to include

employment for every employable member. This is not a report form to be sent to any their plans in your program of service

To reach this end the committee should office but simply a suggested method by to these individuals?

have available a list of the members of the which the quorum president or group leader Yes No quorum which will show, not only the names may check his program, as it outlines, in (Concluded on page 396) of the members, but their training and adaptability for employment. It should also

are the show them. unemployed who among

of Every should then NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN member the quorum be constantly alert to discover any possible (Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill)

openings that may be adapted to the brethren of the quorum and such openings should be reported to the quorum personal welfare jDeaders: We recommend that you was repealed thirteen years ago, a carecommittee who should then introduce the carefully read the article "Facing ful study was made in Utah of the

to these possibilities, unemployed sale controlling the conof and giving Liquor on methods Facts"Lazenby, E. by M. him what encouragement and aid it can.

final result, of sumption a issue of this of liquor. As page 373 ImproveThe

the recent During depression quosome the us the governor and legislature gave It is highly informative, ment Era. suprums achieved of the goal placing every thought, laws plying information that which, it was now current you many of in gainful unemployed position. a member

the conditions. best meet desired. have will be interested in would You

service Another which quorums have the for repeal of During campaign says. the article what rendered has turning been the of business

to the members who have their own estabthe Eighteenth Amendment, it was lishments. Let Us Be Alert promised, you remember, by the PresiStates dent of the United and many lists this, of accomplish the various To in "friends"drinking of more Some the other that advocates, saloon would businesses establishments the and of memactive trying in to the are meet Utah return. In never to olden the be allowed bers, their cirlocations, with been have conditions to necessary to popusubmit days, subrespectable, saloons were and culated the members among have made who lar at vote, the election next November,

it their decent never their darkened point fellows. to patronize a This women

if bill that of a majority approved a by has the of been keeping means doors, distraught seeking men except some wives in their own businesses. the voters, would profoundly change their drunken husbands. The proposed

Still another service has been emergency Utah liquor laws to the great detriment referendum law in Utah would make a aid to members or their families. A person of the cause of temperance and moralisaloon of every social and night club,

had his house burned to the ground. The ty in Utah. If the move is successful it restaurant, cafe, drugstore, etc., that

priesthood quorums of the locality furnished will result in a far greater consumption would buy a license, and thus would the liquor for of to labor opening rebuild than him up winter. by before now to a attempt drinking with surround

redied, his fellows and quorum member selling of places multitude liquor the A by

It respectability. glamor would, and his three into a modeled widow's home drink, the organization promoting by furthermore, present continue the methbuilding, apartment she gained from which night of drinking, clubs gambling, where selling in liquor of containers and od living. a

in, vile practices indulged be and would in sell cartons addition and would by of the service type Another has been politics bringing into the liquor and by glass. the obliquor be would Thus gardening project canning which and by cities, of counties. of All towns, and in at tained than more and ways now as saved themselves have much, members

this into will probably out brought be a vastly places. increased of in well as gained tremendously number quorum and

fraternal spirit. the open on or before the time this issue Certainly, no friend of law and order,

The foregoing types of service have all of the Era reaches its readers. temperance and high moral standards,

been for the personal wellbeing of the In the state of Utah, laws may be if he thinks the matter through, would quorum members themselves, but there remade by popular vote at any regular favor the movement. Therefore, we

mains the project that is undertaken to supelection. Hence the liquor interests and ask all friends of temperance and

ply the budget requirements of the general drinkers in this state apparently think morality in Utah to stand by, awaiting this committee. welfare properly, do To their that getwill better chances of be the a deto campaign moment when

the the of should committee have quorums ting the rather people, from from than infeat shall the present be movement list available of the with a a members, the legislature winter, that next a law all augurated state the over Utah. of of tabulation free as possible proptime so

it will liquor easy to get and make more to to return proposes The movement erly to the of adjust time the rendering reit. the vices associated with cities, right to the towns, counties and service. quired varied This as as be may

the requirements of the general committee At present the consumer can legally license and control liquor sales. This

and so far as possible men should be drawn buy his hard liquor in Utah only at the means that the liquor interests and their for the type of service best adapted to them. relatively few state liquor stores, opcohorts would attempt to control the

Praying the Lord to bless and prosper you erated by the State Liquor Control politics of all these governmental units.

in your vital work, we are commission. Further, these stores sell They would want to elect the commisSincerely your brethren, the "fire water"only in containers or sioners, the sheriffs, and the prosecutGeneral Priesthood Committee packages—not by the glass. ors. Who wants the demoralizing inJoseph Fielding Smith, Chairman When the Eighteenth Amendment fluence of liquor in our politics?

JUNE 1946 395.: ) )

Melchizedek Priesthood Suffeded Program for September:members'Reportattendanceon individualat sacramentquorum

{Concluded from page 395) meetings.

5. Do you make assignments to certain of fvfontktu j-rleitkooa Study comparative figures.

your membership to make a study of Prepare for third quarterly reports.

opportunities for the specific potential Prepare record of quorum members'parjob openings needed? ticipation in Church auxiliaries.

Yes No 6. Do your facilities within your quorum Tn harmony with past procedure the Gospel Themes Department

or group permit of the membership following suggested priesthood lead- (For brethren not required to be in knowing of the occupations represented ership meeting program for the months one of the other departments.)

thus adto encourage them to seek out of July, August, and September is proSuggested Topics:

vice voluntarily?: Yes vided No

Saint home. July: The Latterday

7. list industries the of and have you a Do

and family: Personal Department Welfare Prayer—Individual possibilities of employment your com-

a. of prayer Meaning

clarify will that assist munity and you presidents (For quorum and person- b. with as Prayer communion God in placing accurately brethren? your al welfare committee members.) c. of prayer Examples Yes No

d. Individual prayers Topics'. 8. skills chart of Suggested showing have you a Do e. prayers Family

facilitate to advice, in job responsibility July: and quorum's members conOur

III 13:5-13; References: 18:1525; Nephi

skills? other uses these of the nection with program. "NoLiquor"

II 34: 19:5-8; 32:8-9; 33:3-11; Nephi Alma the noliquor-tofrom general Yes Obtain No

4: II 1727, 3:2-5; 37:3537; 39; Ether Nephi

literature committee as: bacco such 9. the usual hours of you work know Do 1:1-18; 3035; 31:2635; Ether Enos Alma

I to Drink? Right a Has the Who of of Why or your members quorum I III 2:1-4; 1:3443; 3:2-28; 1:5-15; Nephi Beverages Alcoholic Drink; Not Do to intelligently projects plan as so group 1:8-14; 4:8-10, 19:5-36; 3133; Nephi Docvs. Social Responsibility; The Word services their or are to adapted which trine 63: 41:3; 25:12; and 42:14; Covenants

Injuriin Practical of Terms; Wisdom circumstances? Yes No 46:7; 76, 65; 126; 64; 88:2, 109:121; 84:61;

Effects the Resulting from ous Mod10. in or ask group meetyou quorum Do 6:5- 108:7; 101:7; 33:17; 75:11; Matthew of erate Shall Drink? Alcohol; Use We if find ings the can membership help you 11:1-4; 15; 1:3239; 26:3644; Luke Mark etc.

in in occupations openings which you 2:1-5, 1:5-8; 17:1123; Timothy John James

is free. literature All returning veterans, displaced or have 3:1419; 8; 4:6-8; Philippians Ephesians

war workers, or aged workers who need August: The quorum's responsibility on Ezra 9:6-7, 10, 1315; Daniel 6:10; II Kings

more secure jobs? Yes No welfare program and checkup on prog19: 1519; Psalms 22: 1-5; 63: 1,3,5-8; 62:5-8;

1 1 Do you undertake these placement servress being made on welfare projects. 88:1-3, 1314; 5:1-3; 138:1-3, 7-8; Gospel

ices to your membership with at least Personal and family prayers. Doctrine, pp. 273281, 1919 and 1928 edithe same thoroughness that you would September: Encourage and give helpful tion; pp. 218224, 1939 edition.

to preto suggestions members on how in for yourself? a program show for of plan the August: perpetuation God's

flour, store coal, winter: and pare for Yes No the family. Latterday Saint

supplies. other 12. get accurate of survey an you your Do

a. instituted Marriage Lord by the inInstructions preservation foods, of on completing problems welfare green a by

card on at least that portion of your cluding fruit cellars, cold storage lock- b. Sacredness of the marriage covenant

membership which you are aiming to ers, etc. c. Purposes of marriage

d. Marriage plan for eternity—God's serve? Yes D Activity e. Temple No Quorum and Church work

Is 13. help veterto assigned someone your Service Department References: Doctrine 132: and Covenants an, physiworker, and your your war

cally handicapped member of your quo- (For quorum counselors assigned to 1-66; 131:1-2; 49:1517; I Corinthians 11:

rum to adjust himself to his new conthis responsibility and members of the 11; Matthew 19:4-6; Genesis 22:24; Moses

2:2728; 3:24; to Perfection The pp. Way dition? Yes No activity and Church service quorum 240259; 341352, Doctrine 392Gospel pp.

14. in the assigned Will be quosomeone committees. first edition; 393, Gospel The Kingdom pp.

the or worker, to understand group rum 278285; The Gospel Through the Ages pp. Topics: the that wanderlust caused be by Suggested may 118123; Reconcilliations Evidences and pp.

travels, Priestoffer the stake July: of Melchizedek advice a Analyze and war word 231254.

that will keep him on the job? hood report for the second quarter.

Yes No Check on summer social program. September: Citizenship in the kingdom of

God.

August: Plan fall opening social. ParticipaSome quorums more than others are tion of quorum members in ward teachOur responsibility as citizens

alert to the various opportunities afing. a. Importance of knowing the various dethe city their partments of brethren; servingforded of government and them

temple September: excursion. Arrange

actual operation of the same. fact,in activity reports of some quorum visits the regular to temple Plan by quo- b. for Selecting posipublic good men helpful in preparaus to the beenhave possible, and, wherever rum members

tions, city, in voting of importance and letter. thistion In priesthood of our or group. one each month quorum by

state, elections. national and excellent are afforded anquorums we

evils in social corruptions c. Discuss and Statistical FactFinding and that to theopportunity counsel apply

city, reparticular of your and ways Department givesthe Lord form.

For behold, it is not meet that I should (For counselors assigned to this re- d. Responsibility of enforcing laws incommand in all things; for he that is comsponsibility, and for quorum and group volving minors.

pelled in all things, the same is a slothful secretaries. e. Importance of giving encouragement

and not a wise servant; wherefore he reand public recognition for accomplishceiveth no reward. Verily I say, men should Suggested Topics: ments of outstanding public workers.

be anxiously engaged in a good cause, and July: Compile facts relating to missionary References: Doctrine and Covenants 98:

do many things of their own free will, and service of quorum members. 4-10; 134:1-12; 42:79; 58:21; 101:7680;

bring to pass much righteousness; For the Review reports for second quarter. Gospel Doctrine pp. 503537, first edition;

power is in them, wherein they are agents Is maximum use being made of informaDiscourses of Brigham Young pp. 543563;

unto themselves. And inasmuch as men do tion? The Gospel Kingdom pp. 297330; Boy

good they shall in nowise lose their reward. August: Obtain statistics on ward teaching Scout Handbook chapter "Patriotifm and

(D. & C. 58:2628.) activities by quorums. Citizenship."

396 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP

OUTLINE OF STUDY JULY 1946 Tn our last two monthly discussions we have stressed the need boys and girls have to feel important, and to have selfrespect which comes to them from being recognized as persons who have a real role to play in life. Last month it A TENYEAR RECORD

of of Granite finest Hawthorne Stake in the youth promoted the one programs fine Church. Ward The noted give to that one was way

above taken the at picture was boys and girls were honored for a special as a when reward program recognition is to well, a youth him know activities their 1945. in during This the Priesthood leads accomplishments. ward Aaronic Church For

show interest in him, speak to him, and canten consecutiveboast such ayears,record.they have qualified all quorums for the standard quorum award. No other ward

to call him by name. This month we

are suggesting another specific means of helping boys and girls to feel important in the best sense of the word.

It is this:

Boys and girls gain recognition and satisfaction by bearing responsibility, by being able to use their own initiative, Aa by having adults express faith in their ability to do things. Let us illustrate.

A fifteenyear-old boy came home after his first summer away. His father said LOWELL WARD QUALIFIES

to him: quorumThe awardLovell forWard1945.of theOne BigpriestsHornquorum,Stake onequalifiedteachersall Aaronicquorum, Priesthoodand three deaconsquorums quorumsfor the qualifiedstandard

"My son, I have been waiting to for the awards.

move and rebuild our barn until I could get your advice and help in the matter.

Where do you think we should put it? crowd had worked together and really 4. What should be the role of a youth

Have you any ideas on how to design fixed that lady's yard up in grand style, leader in the activities of youth?

it?"and said it was by far the most enjoy- a. What should he do?

The boy and his brother tore down able part of the Christmas holiday. The b. What shouldn't he do?

and rebuilt the barn. That was over boy enjoyed it so much because the Reference:

twenty years ago, but the man still rebishop gave him the feeling that it was Read about the responsibility given to members the pride he felt as a boy to his ( the boy's ) idea and project. one of the following leaders of the Church

have his father express so much conLet us bring the boys and girls into in his youth: Joseph Smith, Joseph F. Smith,

Wilford or Woodruff, George Q. Cannon. confidence. things our us plan Let such in fidence actually turn him and over

Tell leadership the of youth about your project; as a recreational (1) (2) aa to mansized him. job

findings. project; project; service welfare a (3) Girls told often have us they how ushering the passing in church; (4) (5) like to dinner cook clean even and

the of beautification sacrament; or (6)

ishouse rather mother when away, than building church grounds, our and for with them, not them. tilt always Jtincreadina They O

suggestions—towhenhelp,she iscommand,home to anddirectto makeevery allmovethe needof our but guidance and

decisions. Presiding '"Phe Bishop's office have not than confidence more they our need

What is true of boys and girls in life and faith. just announced that the number of

in general, is also true of boys and girls Let every leader of youth ask himStandard Quorum Awards distributed in church work. Are we doing all the self: Am I doing all the planning and to date for 1945 are in excess of the

planning of parties, projects, activities, thinking for the boys and girls or am I total number awarded for the entire and doing the work as well, or are we giving them the opportunity to know, year of 1944. The same record applieskeeping in the background—suggesting, through carrying responsibility, that to Individual Certificates of Award.

guiding, and motivating, but letting the quorum, the class, or the Church is This is the tenth consecutive year in youth feel responsibility and do things? theirs as well as mine? which an increase has been made over

A bishop went caroling with some the previous year.

high school boys and girls one evening. Questions and Topics for Discussion Applications are still being received,

for that lived sang is expected and it when all awardsThey a widow who alone 1. Illustrate person's a

sociable. the increase will be not need to feel imhave noticed very beenand was made He receiving recognition. portant by

that she needed to have wood chopped 2. How much initiative and responsibiloutstanding.

and other work done. He casually menity are we now giving to our boys and Wards not having qualified individtioned it to one of the boys. A week girls? uals or quorums in this program are

later the lad came to the bishop and told 3. Suggest opportunities to give them urged to renew their efforts in quest of

him that he and the other boys of his more responsibility and initiative. these awards.

JUNE 1946 397

CONDUCTED UNDER THE SUPERVISION OF THE PRESIDING BISHOPRIC. EDITED BY LEE A. PALMER.

Ward Teaching in the Home of President John Taylor WARD TEACHERS

The teacher's duty is to watch oyer the church always, and be with and (Experience related by Matthias strengthen them;

F. Cowley ward teaching of doing

is see that there in the church, neither hardness with no iniquity And in the home of President lying, other, neither John each backbiting, evil speaking; nor

Taylor. And see that the church meet together often, and also see that all the

n T used to act in the capacity of teachmembers do their duty. (D. & C. 20:5355.)

er in the home of President John

Taylor. I was not very well qualified,it is true. I believe the only qualifications Ward Ueackerd e56aat for July 1946

I had were a willing spirit and an obedient heart; but the Lord blessed me in 'LIBERTY"

my labors. Whenever we entered into this month all true American patriots will pause and acknowlthe house of President Taylor as teachDuringedge to God their gratitude for the privilege of living in and enjoying

ers, he laid aside all other things that the protection of the greatest nation under heaven. Since July 4, 1776,

were demanding his attention, and he America has stood as a symbol of human liberty to all the world. No people

would call his family together, sit down should have a higher sense of appreciation for such a noble birthright.

with us, and hear what we had to say. After our forebears made a sacrifice involving the loss of so many human

On one occasion, a young man, who lives, it is difficult to conceive just how any citizen could carelessly forget was asked to question President Taylor a gift so priceless as that which has been bequeathed to us.

in regard to the performance of his Latterday Saints will join their fellow Americans in celebrating Induties as a member of the Church, said dependence Day. Not only will they acknowledge this sacred event, but

he did not want to do it. 'Why not?'they will pay homage to the Pioneers by commemorating their arrival in

Because,'said he, 'he is a so much Utah. July 24, 1847, marked the completion of a trek through the great

better and greater man than I am.'American desert that is unequaled in history.

President Taylor told him it was his duty to question him. 'Why,'said the These two events parallel somewhat in original intent and purpose.

young man, 'I don't think you would Both were seeking similar objectives; the former, freedom from civil and

hold the office that you do if you did economic bondage, and the latter, religious liberty. Only people possessed

not perform your duty as a member of of undaunted faith in God and his justice could have conquered in the face the Church.'The President replied, of such perilous obstacles.

'It is your duty to find out whether I Daniel Webster said, "God grants liberty only to those who love it, do my duty as a member or not; whethand are always ready to guard and defend it."Nations that love liberty

er I teach my children the principles also love God. History points out that nations that have forgotten God

of the gospel, and pay my tithing, and have decayed and through the sins of their people, their own strength has attend to my family and my secret been dissipated. Americans should therefore dedicate themselves to rightprayers.'"(The Conference Report, eous living in order to preserve their heritage.

October 1902, pp. 6162.) No religious group should be more zealous in fostering loyalty to God

and nation than Latterday Saints. This Church could never have had its

On the Bookrack inceptionmeans devotionunder tothethebannernation.of any other nation. Devotion to the Church

(Concluded from page 381 In speaking of the Constitution, the Lord had this to say:

India faced a food shortage of three million tons as of a result parts Therefore, it is not right that any man should be in bondage one to another. drought in various

of the country, we must recognize the cry And for this purpose have I established the Constitution of this land, by the hands of hunger no matter where it originates. of wise men whom I raised up unto this very purpose. (D. & C. 101:7980.)

This book analyzes the various situations in India and the historical background for While it is expected that every man shall enjoy freedom, it should be rethe present unrest. It is a must book for membered that freedom does not consist of unrestrained indulgence in

those in interested laying are who really destructive, sinful practices.

lasting for the foundation to the peace world.—M. C. /. Freedom ends where trespass begins, whether it be against God or

are man. rise Nations corrupted they cannot above the by individuals;THE LANCE OF LONGINUS

citizens. of their in conduct can save a nation already ripened No power (Prince Hubertus zu Loewenstein. Macmillan Company, New York. 1946. iniquity, and this applies likewise to individuals.

166 pages. $2.00.)

npHE great Roman fortress, Antonia, in Righteousness exalteth a nation: but sin is a reproach to any people. (Prov.

* Palestine, is the background for this 14:34.)

story of the centurion Longinus. The time Let no man break the laws of the land, for he that keepeth the laws of God

is the Christian era immediately prior to hath no need to break the laws of the land. (D. & C. 58:21.)

and including the crucifixion of the Christ.

The story unfolds dramatically from that Latterday Saints should be the first to set the example of loyal and righteous of soldier, a pledged to avenge loyal Roman conduct that will preserve our nation.

his father's death, followto that of a lowly er of the crucified Christ. M. C. J.

398 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

It is possible that the mere logic of economy may dictate the establishment of some single central organization for making microfilms of record material available to the student public.

In the meantime the British Mission Kjenea office has its own camera and microfilming equipment, and word comes that

The "Records of the Ancient Courts they have already copies of about forty

English Parish Registers of Probate"were among the most imthousand pages from one hundred fifty available. records in parishes which Northumberland,Being Microfilmed portant

in filmed the Newcastle Library

Ancient wills have always been recogwere from transcripts of the original regisfor source genealogical primary nized as a By Archibald F. Bennett

purposes; they being and worked ters. are now

for as a quarry more and more extensively rein interested All genealogical of the'"Phe members Church many initiative historian. social the the of On the in advised search England are to watch ancestors from whose came EngBritish Association a Records scheme was

land will be encouraged to learn that prepared for the microfilming, first of the carefully for additional announcements many parish registers of that land have pre1700 registers of the prerogative courts on these microfilm projects there and been copied on microfilm during the of Canterbury and York, and, when that especially word of any of these records war and since. was finished, of the pre1600 registers of that are made available. The genealogwill society purchase courts any such consistory from ical archdeaconry and in the in Recently Library Huntington

registers. district In of the of registers all some some as are obtainable. copies

the Angeles, I copied followingLos rolls film comprising 313 of have been made, from The Journal of Documentation, nearly 900 registers. (The actual work

Vol. I, No. 1, p. 36, for June 1945. was done by members of the Public Record

printed in England office staff during standby spells of air Money Grows on the

Also as a safeguard against destruction raid patrol duty at night.)

and as a record for future generations, the The second large microfilming enterprise Family Tree

Society of Genealogists in Great Britain has assisted by the Pilgrim Trust was the microset up an organization with the aim of copyfilming of the ancient parish registers, sponBy Eugene Olson ing, on 35 mm. film, the parish registers of sored by the Provisional Committee for

Registers, under the Parish Microfilming in Britain.nearly 2,000 parishes Great Ts there a family in the Church who of Canterbury Archbishops of the registers, of patronage hundreds themThese some of

years old, are stored in churches all over and York.... could not increase the number of

the country, including the London area. This committee continued the work alnames by the use of money? Most famMany were copied locally by amateurs and ready envisaged before the war for the ilies need money for research.

registers, the of parish preservation photographers.commercial London The "NaSome years ago, the genealogical Register Copies,"of Parish tional Index centre becollected in a saferegisters were

longing to a big industrial firm and photopublished in 1939, being the first step. Exclass of the lona Ward Sunday School

graphed under the supervision of their own periments with microphotography had alstaged a play to establish a revolving staff photographers. Another similar scheme ready been made so that in September 1939 fund to be used by anyone in the ward

operating in this country is the copying of the committee was able to begin work, and who needed money for research. Later

probate registers, which was begun in the this was perhaps the earliest undertaking in a supper was served, and the proceeds first months of 1944, after a grant from the the use of microfilm to preserve vital nawere added to the original fund. The

Pilgrim Trust had been secured. The work tional records. A center was established in fund is usually around $50.00.

has been carried out at a rate of nearly London, to which registers were brought 100,000 records per month. until bombing began, when the work was The leader of the class acts as presidecentralized and done in various parts of dent of the cooperative loan fund. He

Further details on these highly sigthe country. The county libraries and has a treasurer who lends the money

nificant undertakings will be found in diocesan record offices cooperated most willand collects it when the borrower is

The American Genealogist, Vol. XXII, ingly and efficiently, with the result that able and ready to repay it. This money

microparishes fifteen were over hundred the 1946. for 201205, April Underpp. is lent far has security without so and

milfar short of filmed, a to not amountingtitle the of Development "The and War rather decreased. increased than

in distributed films lion were pages. The to as Appliedof Microphotography

its at class also disposal has a The country. the safe throughout areas CharlesEnglish Drew, Records"Mr. tree. consists family of This a ward It microfilming is the to complete hoped of the microphotogin charge waswho pedigrees of of members, book ward or copied all registers pubnot of parish office public at record theraphy done increase to card a index with fund and transcripts films lished, to the from make and vast that pointsin and out London,

fruit tree. originthe that the the report of with be compared They which would

valuable collections of records are now als. Each church would then receive a at present they have fifteen hundred

being preserved on films. Prior to the typescript copy, indexed, to save consulting names in the temples for baptism and

war such copying of records was used the original registers—except when the entry endowment.

war, England.very little in The which is found—and thus avoid handling these There is a unity of purpose in this descripof often records fragile records. everyendangered

tion, gave a great impulse to microfilmgroup that bids fair to perform wonders ing, by which they could be copied At various places in England still in research. The class is a typical

speedily, accurately, and quite cheapother ancient documents and records "work class"in which problems are ly. Not only, therefore, were great of genealogical value are being photopresented and solved on three Sundays,

quantities of business records and graphed as insurance against the deand theory is taught on the fourth Sunarchives source materials filmed, but the struction of the originals. day.

movement spread to the copying of a The question as to how these records A class is known by the fruit it brings "number of collections of family are to be made accessible to all students forth.

papers,"parish registers and probate and genealogists has not yet been Is there much fruit on your family records. solved. tree?

JUNE 1946 399 Illlllllmllllllllllllllmmllllllllllll AS I SAW THE CHURCH IN HOLLAND {Continued from page 372) JLTay saw the complete liberation of out the mission. Brother Capier, then Holland, and on Mother's Day

president of the mission M.I.A., wrote I was able to attend Sunday School in

.CCOMPLISHMENT a course of study of unusual excellence. the Utrecht Branch. Handpainted

Inspired his lessons by his and enthu- A, mottoes all were given to mothers should always the be result siasm the and by wholehearted support present: "He thoughts whose dwell is energy when expended. and assistance of the mission presihis upon his and mother can withGod like Yet, a dizzily spinning dency, seventyfive the original of hunall stand evil."service That tes- a was

top, many businesses go dred completed the arduous seventimony to the faithfulness and spiritual- 'round in the preparation of month course of study. With newly ity of those people throughout the ocadvertising and get nowhere. acquired leaders, thoroughly trained, cupation. It was clear that they had missionwide activity increased still sought in their the Lord that need and Month after month, the same further. he strengthened had to them endure thing happens again and

trials whatever their came way.

again and nothing is accom- T Tntil September of 1944 the mission In May and June I visited the plished but the expenditure of president and his assistants were branches in Amsterdam and Rotterdam.

dollars that could be made to in regular personal contact with all of These two branches suffered most produce results. The function the mission branches. As a result of the acutely from the hunger, and, in spite of

Arnhem attack, however, all such travel all mutual efforts and sacrifices, five or of a printing organization toforbidden, was and contact was consix of the branch died of members day is to help clients to plan tinued Immediately by correspondence. It starvation. incredible until seemed

printing that builds sales following the liberation, these personal I heard accounts of that last terrible to take copy and dramatize it, visits were resumed with an excellent winter of occupation. Wheat had sold

make it so irresistibly attracresponse. for $1500 a bushel. One family of

tive that it must naturally The branch in Apeldoorn was the members including several children first of our branches from walked to to be liberated. Rotterdam Groningen, Ten draw the reader's attention.

I fifty years city about one ago miles, near this hundred was stationed

The waste of which we speak as a missionary. Walking up to the coldest weather, to keep from starving.in the

is often due to lack of underwell-known address, in April of last In Amsterdam, by December of that standing. Realization of this year, was almost like coming home. I winter, no electricity, no transportahas made us sales minded. shook hands with Branch President tion, no fuel, and almost no food were

Your selling problem is our Dodenbier and his wife. I knew they available. The daily ration had been

had long been on a starvation diet, and reduced to onetenth of normal requireproblem, and our experience it was surprising to me how well they ments.

puts us in a position to print looked. Similar accounts were related by peoyour sales story so that it will "You're looking fine,"I began. ple everywhere. Even after the liberaget results. "How do you feel?"tion their standard of living remained

"We're hungry, Brother Jex!"so low that memories of the occupation

Sister Dodenbier held up her hands could not be forgotten. I remember well

in pathetic a one occasion sharing gesture indicating a bucket on or- a sack of The Deseret News of potatoes. scrawny anges with in the harbor master RotPress The following week I attended Sunterdam. Rather than eat them he asked

Creators of Distinctive day School in the Apeldoorn Branch. if he might take them home to his wife

PrintingBinding With me I brought what food we were and children who had long since forgotPhone 4-5521 able to save from our army rations. ten the taste of oranges.

After Sunday held a "banSchool we in branch The Arnhem abanwas 29 Richards Street quet"for the thirtyfive members at the city's that time who doned of forced Salt Lake City, present. Utah were evacuation following illfated the BritLord,""Dear Brother prayed Dodenish landing area. in that I passed When

iiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimmiiiiiiiiiiiii! bier, "forgive us for holding a feast on in through April Arnhem the of 1945,

thy holy day, but the need is great."city was completely deserted. Three

After a song of rejoicing, each person months later it looked like the busiest was served one small meat or cheese city in Holland with over one hundred raisin sandwich, two pancakes, a cup thousand inhabitants. Latterday The... TWICE AS BLADES MANY of cocoa. the children there For was Saint branch completely was organized

to Twice As Good Give You the treat small added of piece is a of and holding regular meetings again.

SMOOTHER SHAVES AT chocolate, the first candy many of them Never have I more enjoyed the spirit

LOWER COST! had ever tasted. They were children of of a meeting than upon the occasion of

the occupation, born during the darkest my visit to that branch. I visited the

years of their country's history. The members in their homes. Most of them

"bancmet"was received with an apprewere destitute except for a few pieces ciatiuM unknown to us who have never of salvaged or rebuilt furniture saved suffered for want of food. from the ruins of their former homes. In

"It has come in answer to our praymany instances whole families were ers,"concluded the branch president. crowded into one or two rooms, all

This was my introduction to hunger that could be made habitable in badly in Holland. In the months to follow I damaged buildings. But those people

was to observe on every hand the efhad the gospel, and it was dearer to fects of prolonged malnutrition. them than ever before.

As I Saw the Church in Holland MSWARMWEATHER HThe shortage of material goods among the members is so acute that all conceivable goods are welcomed with enthusiasm. The shoe problem is still

among the most acute. Since the shoe

uppers are still good in most cases, leather soles and nails will solve this Ao to order for warm daysproblem. Toilet soap is still appreciated

as anything. as much underwear Warm

of the interlock type socks Mayonnaise ta finest flavor'. and warm

and stockings are badly needed. All "rVftvi

clothing and bedding are greatly appreciated. Needles, thread, yarn, shoe SAIAD

gelatin laces items. are all scarce r<. tablespoon v>* celery mission is very to obtain eager The cup chopped i/2

*v 4%i & 1 the following supplies for its recreation Genuine Mayonnaise program: pingpong equipment (espeCUPSs

cially the balls) and 16 mm. film for Salt

projection. several are There projecDURKEE'S *4*e PaPtika

tion in the film is mission, machines but Shrimp, lobster, nro flakedflaked or canned tun MAYONNAISE unobtainable. film request to be They gives that exsalads your pepp maybeSUeenpePPbe green or **pimento perttouch. whh/resb Made there as exposed film well as shorts substituted..extra eggs. extra smooth, ldwatetanddisfrom here religion, with news, comedy, creamy, extra good. P Genugelatin Soak durkeIs etc. hot over solve old in *%and fod., <*aand their alt iE#MHE For reading recent, program ineMayonna.se ue otl chopped Serve. Add published since books will 1939 be ery MoW tast. kmons to paprika gratefully is received. a great There quartered platter

for need lespublications Church and 8<e"mayonnaise, son material of recent years.

Office supplies urgently needed include mimeograph supplies, paper, pencils (black and red), and record books.

In all the branches of the mission I heard people testify that the gospel helped them through the darkest years Yes, they've come and gone but lives. of their All their accumulated

training in the Church returned to steady them, to befriend them, to assist them. And with the liberation no apathywas theirs, but courage and hope and CARBON BISULPHIDE

faith in the future. Surely they have

been "true to the faith."is still here and holds first place

as a herbicide

that will kill noxious, deeprooted at the weedsWhat Can We Do for roots. glory, Morning whitetop, knapweed,

Returning Servicemen? Canada Thistle and scads of others can be

controlled by a single treatment with lasting (Concluded from page 356) effect that will not injure the soil and is harmWhere is Abel, thy brother? And he less to grazing cattle.

I Isaid: not. brother's know my Am

. of Thousands acres have reclaimed been fromkeeper?"our 5:34.) are (Moses We heavy infestations weed throughout the West.brothers'keepers, during these times and

This chemical has all been in employed large is conditions glorious thereand a opcontrol weed projects with perfect satisfaction.

selfportunity forget to think and and Economical to easy and apply of by means a for others. the of prophetdo Lord A Mack AntiWeed Gun. Get start early this an "... said,has in the are servye when spring put entire the and into place production.

ice in fellow beings of are only your ye for Send free our illustrated folder 212P andthe service of 2: your God."(Mosiah learn is this done. how17.) So—wives and husbands, fathers

and mothers, brothers and sisters, feloflow community: the Church and men WHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER it project "love thy to yourMake

neighbor as thyself"and think this thing that therethrough one boy may not be 636 CALIFORNIA STREET -SAN FRANCISCO 8 willin our Church or community who feel he is not wanted merely because he Distributors—WASATCH CHEMICAL CO., Salt Lake City and Branches

is not understood!

JUNE 1946 401

FACING LIQUOR FACTS

{Concluded from page 373) shows that from 1922 to 1942 inclusive millions, literally millions, of people in the annual first admissions of alcoholEurope and Asia are starving to death, ics, with and without psychosis, jumped sins of the liquor traffic is that while from 3,764 in 1922 via a peak of 12,554

America used 4,147,555,000 pounds of in 1938, to 11,337 in 1942, more than grains and 238,655,000 pounds of sugar, trebling their number.

syrup, and molasses in the manufacture There are some significant facts and of distilled and fermented liquors in figures relating to alcohol and crime 1944. According to the American Busithat are sufficient to convince most

ness Men's Research Foundation, people.

5,341,701 acres of land were required In 1932, the last year of prohibition, to grow the grain and sugar products 'F.B.I, reports from 596 cities with a

used in producing the more than 10,- total population of 21,661,366 showed 000,000,000 quarts of alcoholic liquors 831.1 arrests for drunkenness per 100,-

consumed in 1944. 000 population. In 1944 reports from

The grain destroyed in the making of 1,378 cities with a population of...made with CINCH CORN distilled liquors and beer in 1 943 would 45,610,742 showed 1,726.6 arrests for

BREAD MIX. Each package have fed 4,223,054 civilians for a whole drunkenness per 100,000—an increase

contains ALL necessary ingrediyear at the rate of three pounds a day of more than one hundred percent per ents. Just add water, mix and each. Allowing five and onehalf hundred thousand population!

bake. For variety, to package E. B. (MajorGeneral pounds a day recent issue of the Voice, National A contents add estimate before the United Gregory's the Angeles, quotes Federal Bureau Los of chop- y% cup

'saying that, "Our ped cooked States Senate hearing, April 14, 1943) of Investigation as fruit and chopfor soldiers, this grain would have fed crime bill is $16,000,000,000 a year, or ped nuts. an army of 2,303,000 for an entire year. nearly $2,000,000 an hour,"and adds

that "twentythree percent of this

Try Cinch Then take the matter of trafficacci- amount is caused by drink."

Waffles and dent deaths for which liquor is A concluding fact is that the liquor

Cinch Hot responsible. No one, not even the liquor industry, not satisfied with the sevenCakes/ Too? men themselves, will deny that liquor billiondollar-a-year business, is spendhas had much to do with traffic acciing "almost $50,000,000"a year adver-

A CINCH FOR FLAVOR dentspercentandincreasedeath. inTherehighwaywas deathsa fifteenin tisingrelationsits directorwares. Robertof the NationalBarry, publicDisJuly 1945, as compared with the same tillers'Products Corporation, speaking

month in 1944. The National Safety before the Rotary Club of Staten, Long

Council warns: "If drivers and pedesIsland, October 3, 1945, said: "The

trians are not careful, we may as well industry [liquor traffic] is spending alget ready for the biggest pileup of most fifty million dollars in advertising traffic tragedies we've ever seen."The annually."Thinking people easily see

trafficdeath total for July alone was the results of such a stupendous adver- 2,030. James H. Bredin, senior statistitising campaign. It will mean, first of

cian of the National Safety Council, all, more drinkers. That is the pursays: "A driver or a pedestrian who pose of the campaign—to get more men

had been drinking was involved in and woman and young people to drink.

25.1% of the fatal accidents,"which is It will mean more and more money

one out of four. taken from the channels of legitimate

It will be remembered, moreover, business. It will mean more hunger,

that liquor is responsible for many more suffering, more poverty, more deaths other than those caused by trafbroken homes, more abandoned and orchildren, phaned more more accidents, statisfic available accidents. have We deaths, more insanity, more disease,

tics there that were for 1942 showing more suicides, more immorality, more 16,117 suicides, 7,743 homicides, 28,- 309 trafficaccident deaths, besides sin.

67,580 fatalities in other kinds of acDoes America want this? We would

cidents, making a total of more than better face the facts as they are, and 120,000 deaths. It is not argued that put a stop to the most nefarious traffic

liquor caused them all, but if it caused known to this nation.

permission from by an of them twenty percent it would be—Reprintedarticle E. from Lazenby by M.

deaths. An everwelcome gift responsible for 24,000 Advocate. The Christian

THE causedAs forbytheliquor,increasethe Americanin mental Busicases

IMPROVEMENT nesssome Men'srather illuminating,Research Foundationif not encourhas BLOSSOMING THISTLE facts. aging, of the United Their By Ethel Fairfield White study ERA reports paStates Census Bureau on

purple head, stalk with 7V thorny tients first confined admitted and to *""* to me, Only a weed state, institutions, including 12 issues $2.00 mental Is table has spread banquet a He

veterans', county and city, and private, For butterfly and bee.

402 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA trntke

INTERNATIONAL

HARVESTER, that is!

International Harvester's 115year history is linked with the success of five generations of farmers. The big red combine of

today is very different from the reaper that Cyrus McCormick trundled into the field in 1831. But it all began there. It began

with an idea.

Harvester engineers have built thousands of ideas into machines since that beginning. The skilled workmen in our factories have

multiplied those machines by the millions.

McCormickDeering 123SP SelfPropelled Combine opens One of the greatest of those ideas brought forth the FARMALL—

backswath. with no Below: The 123SP, up a field original with the tractor. allpurpose after years, Today, Farmall 23

attachment. pickup Other McCormickDeering combines—tractors tools and the for designed machines and Farmall operation rice. pulltype, hillside,

have set a standard of farming success in every community.

Count on the farmall System to bring you great improvements in the year to come. Count on International Harvester. Many

of you have been disappointed in the recent months, but it will be different soon. A new era is coming—better living for the

family farm.

Your point of contact with the new equipment that is coming is your International Dealer. Stand by him. He will stand by you.

INTERNATIONAL HARVESTER COMPANY 180 North Michigan Avenue Chicago 1, Illinois

Tune in "Harvest of Stars"Sundays, 2 p. m.

Eastern Daylight Time. NBC Network

m 49 fc *m m* Lm *m mmkm*m m w

""'"(E* HtWWtBT jfifiSBfe 3& 35 $& i-KBSK 3SBBS&, SS&ft -SKaf.SBk rf?&i& Bis 885 ftta S&&L BSf aSSSSS 9S838E8& JSSfi 38S8&&. e& #8388 &8& Sti #"'jyffiKS

JUNE 1946 403.: )

Consecration (Continued from page 369) Mothers particularly tionliberallyof theproperty,proceduresattemptoutlinedto followby his predecessor. The latter required that

subject the introduced to was and when will he glad consecrations be made to the bishop, it conference, at the Saints a general was taken for granted by some that the to of bishops deeds be made would crystalline A D—pure bishop. presiding But the or to wards

to fortify Sego vitamin betterD—isform nowof vitaminbeing used of case. the deeds not The such was

Milk. It means that the vitamin D content of consecration in use in 1855 and subseSego Milk is now 100% active, free from any quently, invariably convey to Brigham

oil or organic substance, tasteless and odorless. Young,tion is slighttrusteein-trust."and in the eyesThe modificaof PresiThis improvement is the culmination of many dent Young perhaps was of little imyears of scientific research. Ever since vitamin portance. The writer is not aware of

D was discovered—ever since it became known onanyanspecificearlierreferenceoccasiontoPresidentthe change,Youngbut

as a preventive of rickets and faulty bone and had explained an apparent disregard of tooth development—the goal has been pure vitathe functions of the presiding bishop

min D. This final refinement is now provided (by authorizing Daniel H. Wells, superintendent of public works, to receive in Sego Milk—and at no extra cost. From no tithing in the form of building materials

for get can mothers milk evaporated their and supplies ) in the following words SEHUr) other crystal this need in babies the vitamin D they is trustee, assistant presiding bishop The is First President trusteein-trust the the pure form. and

of the Church, who with his two counselors

Segd Milk Products Co. businessconstituteofthethoseFirst twoPresidency;counselorsand toit isassistthe

Originator of Evaporated Milk in the Intermountain West theall thePresidentvarious inofficerscounselingin the Church.the SaintsThereand

Plants in Richmond, Utah; Preston and Buhl. Idaho fore it mattereth not whether the trusteein-

trust counsels the assistant trustee, or the

First Presidency counsel the presiding bishop, provided the Saints shall understand principle, and transact all business so that there shall be no jar or confusion, every knowing man and abiding13 in his place and in his calling. acting

9& setting up the United Order ( 1 874 INPresident Young followed an altered procedure. There was no absolute surrender of real property as the principle

of consecration required, but rather an Good investment in the shares of the copartnership or corporation with the understanding that the appraised value would be preserved and augmented in the name of the subscribing member. Bread Neither were stewardships apportioned

pattern. as in the The Jackson County

Extra nourishment and unique flavor richness are for stewardship used of concept was yours in Royal Enriched Bread. It is made of only the those who preferred to manage their finest available ingredients—slowly and thoroughly own affairs. They became stewards over

baked to golden brown perfection—then thinly their own property, thus preserving the

sliced and wrapped for protection and freshness. status quo. To a people who believe in

Available at most good food stores. continuing revelation, there is nothing

inconsistent in shaping plans to the ocROYAL BAKING COMPANY casion. For those who thought the

Bakers of Fine Bread and Cakes for United Order should be made to conMore than Fifty Years form exactly to the plan for the Order of Stewardships, there were ready answers. John Taylor, who was to succeed Brigham Young as head of the

Church, professed his admiration for.. the thought ideal but of Enoch, OrderIN OffER FIFTY YEARS for OVER USE WE quite the for it. unready people AdCOMPLETE A simple of Canker, in treatmentAids he dressing himself to businessmen SERVICE ENGRAVING

sore throat and other minor mouth From Missionary Portraits to the Largest said:

and throat irritations. Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention uSee the author's "The Consecration Movement of

February, the 'Fifties,"Era, Middle The ImprovementHall's Canker page March, page 80, and 146 (1944) Remedy CO. ENGRAVING UTAH

536 East 2nd So.—at Salt Lake City, Utah 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah History, 13, 1851 Deseret Journal December (The

News) 404 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Consecration

You say you would like this Order carried out as it is laid down in the book of

Doctrine and Covenants, but I say you would not. Would you like everyone, simply because he was a member of the Order,

to have power to go to the treasurer and draw out what he thinks proper and use

It just according to his fancy? No, you

would not! You could not and would not

trust your neighbors as far as that, for all men are not capable and all men are not honest and conscientious; if they were, we

should be nearly ready to be caught up;

but we have not reached that point yet and consequently we have to do the best we can."

Erastus Snow, resident apostle of

St. George, advanced the opinion that

the revelations on consecration and stewardships in the Doctrine and Covenants were of limited application.

"What was given to Joseph was given for that time and for the people then in the Church. Why not equally honor the word of the Lord through Brigham?"Pointing out that new conditions require new procedures, he continued, "There is no revelation as to

how we shall manage cooperative institutions, cotton factories, Mt. Trumbull lumber interests. How shall we

manage these? As the spirit of revelation shall manifest.""

Doubtless the increasing use of maadvantagechinery obvious and the of Delicate NEW "gotogether"COLORSspecialization in labor had much to do SEE WHAT NEW with the position of President Young do away with redecorating bugaboos and some at least of his colleagues with "gotogether"COLORS reference to the application of the stewPerhaps you've wanted more color in your home, ardship plan in agriculture. The Prophbut been afraid of too strong tones; felt you DO FOR YOUet Joseph's program contemplated a couldn't match your woodwork with your walls.

society largely made up of small farm- 1. Tie in adjoining rooms

ers. President Young was anxious to Fuller has solved that with NEW "gotogether"harmoniously.

free labor the the ecofarms from by colors delicate variety of clean, COLORS—a processes of application machinenomic matched in three separate and readymixed fin- 2. Let you colormatch there supthat be mightso an adequate

ply of labor for the much needed manuishes. Each color is so beautifully softtoned that wails and woodwork in a

facturing enterprises. Accordingly, "gotogether"colors can be used freely all over choice of three finishes -

President Young maintained, and was the house. Now you can do things with paint! soft flat, semigloss or full

that of his associates, severalechoed by the Inexpensively, too! You can redo an average gloss. ofthe plan the United Order for

hat. ofclassification the "goof labor from a new was And room for1 ''about 3. Give of a wide choice far in advance of productionviewpoint colors together oil'base paints! thelast—they'recost

colorful backgrounds that system. the stewardshipof Whether increases. in places days Demand some Some

right or is of immedinot nothey were go with your present colors are scarce; some frequently. will but we ship point toate importance. be The

furnishings. dealer! your Fuller noted Ask W. P. & Co.is that consider did not themselves they

bound by procedures enunciated under very different circumstances forty years earlier. For big painting jobs

it is wise to call in "Journal of Discourses XVII: 17980 a reputable Painting

lsSt. George Stake History Book II, Ms., September Contractor.

1314, 1874

THERE'S A FULLER PAINT DEALER NEAR YOU

JUNE 1946 405 THE DOME OF THE ROCK GO BY {Concluded from page 377) the walls of the building were covered razed, the name Jerusalem outlawed, with marble and the mosque rededicated and all Jews forbidden to enter the to Moslem worship. Since that time it GREYHOUND

Temple Area. On the spot where for has continued to be a holy shrine to the

MORE centuries Jehovah had been worshiped, Moslem people.

rose a temple to Roman Jupiter. DAILY of the The is Dome an Rock octangufalls, Then darkness and know we lar structure. great The rock, exactly SCHEDULES little of site the for centuries. in Early in the is center, enriched by columns the fourth century the alwere Jews united arches by which support the lowed once visit a year to the area MORE SEATS and dome. iron The screen which separates for their weep ruined city desand the AVAILABLE Holy from the aisle is Rock claimed ecrated Temple Area. the MosWhen to the be of the work is crusaders and lems captured Jerusalem under Caliph one of finest the twelfth century speciMORE TRAVEL Omar, they found the holy place covof mens wrought iron in existence. work TIME ered with SAVED rubbish the which Christians of The the drum is richly dome decit had thrown to spite on the Jews. orated with mosaics lined with gold. the Omar, fatherin-law of Mohammed, Oriental rugs cover the floor. marble believed that this from rock GREATER Mohammed The atmosphere of the is mosque one had ascended to his heaven steed, on of COMFORT serenity and reverence and speaks El Burak. To this commemorate event well of the sincerity of the Moslem's FOR BUS erected Omar a mosque, which was worship.

later RIDERS replaced with the is that mosque now standing. Because the dome is At Hebron is erected a mosque over

Consult your local agent for full situated squarely over this rock, it is what are believed to be the tombs of information about convenient known and spoken of as the Dome of Abraham and Sarah. This spot is

schedules and low fares to any the Rock. In 1099, the Crusaders turned guarded jealously by the Moslems.

point in America. the Dome of the Rock into a Christian Mosques and shrines are seen throughOVERLAND Churchof the world.and madeIt wasJerusalemwithinthethiscapitalconoutmentPalestineprophets.honoring the Old Testaverted that mosque the Order the of history is The of the indicative Rock Knights Templar founded. was of the With religious political and conflict 5REYH0UND the recapture of Jerusalem by Saladin exists which in Palestine. replace To in the twelfth century, every vestige the of the Dome with Rock Operated by Solomon's of Christian worship disappeared and temple will not easy. be INTERSTATE TRANSlfTlNES

TOKYO CONFERENCE

{Continued from page 374) Lieutenant John H. Moore of Salt

day before the meeting, people driving Lake City, now in the quartermaster or riding great distances to attend servcorps in Kobe, spoke humbly of the reAS MAN EATS ices, the hustle and bustle of finding a sponsibilities of bearers of the priestplace to stay, grabbing a bite to eat on hood after having sustained the General the run, meeting brothers, friends, and Authorities. He reminded the men of AND DRINKS

companions, enjoying the spirit of the the necessity of resisting the many believe that, in We large gospel for measbrief a temptations twohour session topresenting in themselves ure, as a eats man drinks, and gether, again and the bidding army, and goodbye the necessity and of remainis bo he. For food, nature has returning ing with home true to the memories enough Church. iruits given us of the sun and

soil. to lifetime. last a These are priceless treasChaplain (Captain) Darley of Roy ures, conducive of to health services The were conducted by Kaysville, Utah, body and and mind. Washington, Besides these,

we need no stimulants. Chaplain (Captain) Vadal W. Peter- D.C., compared the mass leaving home

You agree, who will son of Salt City, Lake be interstationed in Yoentering and the forces armed to the ested in a delicious drink that kohama. had diligently He worked to mass of exodus the Saints one hundred is from made grain fruit. and plan advertise and the conference. years ago. It this faith was delightful, And and courage wholesome

beverage contains no caffeine, Chaplain (Captain) Warren R. Nelson which carried them forward to meet

other stimulants, or narcotics. City, of Salt Lake stationed in Gifu the hardships, it is and the faith same is FICGO to known millions of presented the of names the General which permits young and men women people think who sanely about Authorities, and firm with it was conto leave food drink. It their homes and today return is and of made

roasted barley and treeripened viction that they were sustained. For safely thereto unstained by the iniquity

figs. California It is to a of those many present boon first their it was of the world. complimented the He noncoffee drinkers admitwho privilege to sustain President George group leaders many gathered had who tedly, rightly, and enjoy a Albert Smith and the apostles. newer members about wholesome them hot the all over drink with their world

meals. to Wholesome hold services in can FICGO Sister the of Louise name Jesus Rumnion, of Honolulu,

freely be recommended as a Christ. first the speaker, had served as mis- a healthful drink for the whole

sionary the among family. people; Japanese Brother G. of Hyde, Osmond Washit she said while was working with them ington, in D.C., assist to in Tokyo the H. BALLIF, LEONARD President that she received her testimony of the prosecution of high Japanese war California Ficgo Company gospel. in She spoke sweet, a voice, low criminals, told his of tour the of United Los Angeles, California and the brethren listened almost breathStates with Secretary of Agriculture

lessly to avoid missing a word of her Clinton Anderson, and seeing the haptestimony. {Continued on page 408)406

. 1

.. THANKS lor the SERVICE

AGENTS who provide full coverage General of America, one of the nation's l deserve and will receive the gratitude of largest capital stock companies, is eager to their customers. Clients are entitled to inassist agents in meeting the challenge—the

surance protection that reflects the latest opportunities—of today... by keeping real

advances in modern insurance technique—estate values and insurance in balance—by

in alertness to meet changing conditions—providing allrisk type policies that meet

fuller protection against liability—strong, nearly every need for complete protection.

nonassessable capital stock insurance—the Are you taking advantage of GENERAL'S

type of protection GENERAL offers. modern, streamlined program?

Look to GENERAL, the leader, pioneers in writing "Preferred Risk"fire insurance coverage... the "blanket"type policies... new and

better features in nearly all types of commercial insurance.

GENERAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA

GENERAL CASUALTY COMPANY OF AMERICA

FIRST NATIONAL INSURANCE CO. OF AMERICA

H. K. DENT, President... H.m. Offiec: SEATTLE

"The CAPITAL STOCK Companies of PREFERRED RISKS**

BRANCH AND SERVICE OFFICES IN PRINCIPAL CITIES THROUGHOUT THE UNITED STATES CANADIAN DEPARTMENT, VANCOUVER, 1.

JUNE 1946 407 Tokyo Conference Itr f-KPM THC l/CbtKT'Tt'KIPS—IS* {Continued from page 406)

py, peaceful land of bounty and plenty and then of his being flown—alSpoon into mostdevastationcatapulted—intoand despair. theHe landrecalledof

the many blessings America and her people have enjoyed in fulfilment of the prophecy of Nephi in the Book of grapefruit Mormon.

The conference theme was "Forflavored by the wardBrothertoHydea Purposefulsaid with theFuture,"war beingand over and men seeing the possibility of their returning home, the young men have a most of the Church their to return to desert sun purposefuland women future:

home, jobs, farms, and schools, giving those at home a guide and an example to follow that the returning servicemen can best serve their nation and their

God in a purposeful future.

The clean, bright skin of our grapefruit Chaplain Peterson's closing remarks gives clue to a inside. what's six joy the original the regarding bright, Yes, golden segments await you were

experienced upon visithave men might Taste fla themtaste that tangy juice vored by the desert sun, stored ing the conference being held one hunrich with C. It's lusvitamin dred sixteen years later in Tokyo,

cious, healthful eating to be enjoyed often. Japan.

Serve Desert Grapefruit for breakfast, of course. And Tn the evening at the Y.M.C.A. (curfor other unusually temptrently a civilian women billet) reing grapefruit recipes, send turned out hundred creation three room

for free booklet. our Write

social. program, to and a program The Desert Grapefruit Industry,

746 South Central Avenue, M.C.'d by Paul C. Cracroft of Salt

Los Angeles 21, California. Lake City, included piano solos by

ARIZONACALIFORNIA ChaplainParowan, Utah,Darley,andCarlyleKent Acomb,Marsdencivilof ian from Salt Lake City; vocal solos by

A. Lawrence Johnand R. Paul Romney Gropefruit of City, Carlyle son, of Salt Eyre Lake

ofDE$ERT Cowley, Wyoming, and Reed Davis

American Fork. Cake, pie, ice cream,

and lemonade were served to the crowd \ byants.two majors and a score of lieutenSaintsThere are many who suffer loss Just as at home, once again the

had assembled to renew their coveBe prudent nants, to sustain their leaders, and to

Avert it by partakeconference.of a spiritual feast in a general

Services in the were begun Tokyo

Clis- L. INSURANCE area Edward by Commander

This organization writes insurance always of the highest quality. sold when the troops first landed in

Japan. Colonel Maurice Anderson,

Latterday Saint coordinator from Salt

Lake City, until his recent return to the UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY

HEBER J. GRANT & CO., General Agents, Salt Lake City, Utah States,group leaderpresidedis atRichardthe services.R. Clawson,Present

Salt Lake City, with Paul Grimshaw,

Cedar City, and Carlyle B. Eyre, Cowley, Wyoming, as assistants. Services

are conducted every Sunday for an avVizhat snail cJ send erage of one hundred fifty men and women. The group has always been

to snow my appreciation? blessed with one or two women members.

The Tokyo Mutual Improvement Association had been actively engaged THE IMPROVEMENT ERA in a basketball tournament all winter 12 Issues $2.00 and wishfully thinking that the winning

{.Concluded on page 410)

408 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA r

'A PRODUCT Of AMEmCAN FARMS

PURE, IPS QRANUtA

...; T - AH IDAHO SUGAR COMPANY General Offices: Beneficial Life Building, Sail Lake City

Factories in Utah, Idaho, Montana, Washington, and South Dakota..

<3 *3 G*3OS G& <i<G 6*3 (i>Q> GK? 5*D G*3 *D 6*3 2*0 TOKYO CONFERENCE

(Concluded from page 408) The Japanese people have been asteam could have traveled to Salt Lake sisted in their meetings, which they now

City for the allChurch finals. hold once a week in one of their homes,

HThe native Japanese members of the by Preston Evans of Salt Lake City,

Church in the Tokyo area were first who served as a missionary in the Japcontacted by Commander Clissold anese Mission, Nozomi Horiuchi, Bill through newspaper advertisements. Arakaki, and Yoshio Komatsu, all memColonel Anderson continued working bers from Honolulu. These brethren

with the Saints, completed an organizahave been a great help to the Japanese tion and arranged a meeting place for members by meeting with them and them. A building fund was suggested again teaching the gospel. It has been

Write for catalog and prices and more than $1200 has been donated approximately twenty years since these by members of the armed forces in the people had close contact with the of the ever popular TokyoYokohama area. Church.

THE LESTER THE ST. GEORGE TEMPLE

(Continued from page 371) way around the outside of the foundaprayer, the music by the Staheli band tion, they built a drain of rocks and elsy, C/\oss from Santa Clara, the ceremony In mortar to carry away water from the which Brigham Young and several othbaptismal font. This large tube will

ers in authority took out shovelfuls of almost accommodate a man in upright

SPINET thedirt, assembledthe Hosannacrowd,shout inWalkerwhich headds:led position,fectively andas servesever. Thuseven todaythe templeas ef-

"By 3 o'clock men and teams were busy stands, like a wellrooted tree with as digging out the foundation. At night I much below the surface as shows above

was around the ward getting men to the ground. PIANOS work on the excavation. It took a little more than two years

Tone quality, touch and action, appearThus, though the work was started to complete the foundation. James G.

ance and value are all found in these with some pomp and fanfare, it was Bleak's History of the Southern Miswonderful Spinets. necessary to follow it through if it were sion, Book B, page 321, says:

it Herculean a continue, to was and 14, 1874. Feb. rock black foundaThe inMusical merchandise hands. their set they limited quantities, task had to which tion St. finished. of the George Temple was

stock. is now in began. troubles soon Their On cords of volcanic the 710 black rock been had

north wall a solid limestone ledge was used. That evening at 7 o'clock a social

found upon which to set the foundation, party was held in the basement of the tabbut on the other sides swampy, boggy ernacle for the workers from the north who ground was encountered. Someone sughad aided in the building of the Temple.

gested to Brother Brigham that he Pres. Young blessed the workers.

change the location slightly, just This entry shows the practice of "callenough, perhaps, to miss this spot. But ing"workers. Men were asked to fill

he was adamant. This was the place fortyday missions to work on the temwhich had been dedicated; it was here ple according to the need and the skill

that the temple should stand. Further of the worker. Every man in St. George

A complete music store thanwouldthat,standhe woulduntil theerectmillennium.a building that wasone dayexpectedout oftoten.put Thatin a minimumrepresentedof

47 So. Main St. Salt Lake City 1 Again their necessity mothered an his tithing labor. The men who were

invention, for they decided to fill in the called on missions bore their own ex- 3 *36*3e*3 6*95*36*35*9 6*3SO 6*3 2*3 6*3 2*3 bog with volcanic rock, and improvised pense for the most part, although the a pile driver to pound it in securely. women of the town did their laundry

This was made of an old cannon that free.

had been hauled from California after the Mexican War. They filled it with TTLZith all their planning, they had

buckshot and lead, wrapped it around hard shift to make ends meet.

with cottonwood bark held firmly with Orson W. Huntsman gives a very intersteel bands, and set it in a hoist that esting account of his experience in helpwould lift it thirty feet into the air and ing to gather donations.

let it fall. With this thousandpound April 11, 1872. I commenced fixing up

hammer they drove hundreds of tons to start in company with Jos. W. Hunt,

of rock into the ground, considering a T. N. Terry, and Charley, son of Uncle

spot solid only when the hammer Charles Pulsipher to San Pete for flour and bounced three times. other provisions for the hands that are at

the in St. the temple as on George, solid, underpinning thus they The

is for about to stop beworkwork of means. want

feet gan on are twelve the walls. These E. called Father So Apostle on Snow Terry

thick at the base and slope to a thickand Uncle Charles Pulsipher to go through ness of nine feet at the top of the founthe settlements as far north as San Pete and dation. How well they were placed is preach donations to the people and try and

shown by the fact that when some reraise something to assist on that building...

pairs were made years later in order to Thurs. 18. We started with fourhorse

install modern plumbing, it was necesoutfits. The Brethren going on ahead

preaching the holding followed and we sary to shots of put in powder and in taking sacks everything and the good blast the foundation. through They

.. us. people give would NationalSINCE 1863... AT YOURbiblesBOOKSTORE solid as as a cliff, not were a crack appearing as a result of the work, All the He traces their daily journeys, their

410 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

The St. George Temple rediscover the West* with Chevron Supreme Gasoline

stops, and even finds time to tell how }. W. Hunt stripped and swam the

Sevier when "the day was cold, and water also, & as for swimmers, we had no volunteers in cur company."It seems

that the horses were really on the same side of the river, so he had only to swim back again "like Thompson's colt that swims the river to get a drink...."

Then on May 2 We start home. Father Terry and Pulsipher join us at Fort Ephraim, they each

having teams and also loads. This makes

quite a train of wagons, three 4-horse teams and three 2-horse teams. There was not

hay enough in the whole place to feed one horse & the grass had not come. Our horses

had grain & it rained 6 we were between hay and grass.

Wed. 15—Arrived home this afternoon

finding all well but wanting bread as the whole town was out of flour, and we had plenty of the good things to eat such as flour, pork, and eggs. We donated part

of our time and was paid out of our loads for the rest of the time therefore we had something to keep soul and body together and was able to do a little on the great work of building the temple.

The home to which they arrived was

Hebron, some thirty miles northeast of

St. George. The crickets had visited

them the year before, hence the shortage of flour.

The donations of food, supplies, and money were put in the tithing office, and the people who worked on the temple were allowed to draw from them as they needed. The practice was continued during all the years the work

went on. John L. Smith's journal, beginning on September 15, 1874, gives a

detailed account of his travels in collecting for the temple. He was given

that special mission and kept account of what he received. One summary is

interesting

For the year ending Dec. 31, 1875, since

April 12 we have traveled 3342 miles, held 161 meetings, preached 185 hours, and collected over $15,000 for the temple.

A STANDARD OF CALIFORNIA PRODUCT

Another source of food was the

Churchowned Canaan herd which was striprun out Arizona and cared on the Take these tips on your trip to the Cascades called to that work. Oncefor by men

or twice a week a beef would be brought in and killed. Since there was

no refrigeration and the flies could not be kept under control, the butchering was done late at night, with a group of

Indians standing around waiting for the head and entrails. Before daylight the

next morning people would be standing in line for a portion of the beef, each with a tithing office receipt to show that he had worked on the temple. The first Tramping shoes will be Chevron Supserne's plentiful Here's a tip on how to shed

there usually received the choice cuts, handy when you climb snowy power fractions pull you efmoney worries on your trip in the Cascades. high peaks fortlessly along the ruggedover take Credit a Chevronlatecomers having with a to be content

est of climbing It'll it's passes. And speaking Card. And, because exsave carrying joint. or a knuckleshank bone Chevron Gasoline Supreme "tailored"tra cash, car insure and to your you against

On April 1, 1874, there was a pubmakes the toughest grades the country, you won't have running short, give you a lic ceremony when a stone box was easy for your car. to worry about vaporlock. record of car expenses.

intosealed wall at the the southeast *The picture coins,corner. records, contained This FREEoffullMt.colorSt. HelensScenic inViews.the CascadesCollect themis drawnwhilefromyou onetravelof. Standard's..

newspapers, and a silver plate.

(Continued on page 412) AT CHEVRON GAS STATIONS GARAGES STANDARD STATIONS

JUNE 1946 411

The St. George Temple

411) page {Continued from Spend a profitabl e of the walls on, the this point "Crom temple were built of red sandstone quarried from the hills west and north VACATION of the town. Another crew of men was

at the LD.S. called from the north to help with this

particular phase of the work.

BUSINESS COLLEGE But their major problem now was lumber. When the settlers first arrived

Regular courses in in the valley, there was nothing taller shorthand, typewriting, everpresentthan cactus bush,chaparralthe sage,exceptand thethe accounting, and all othtwisted mesquite trees and the black er office work for high willows along the river bottoms. Now

crossfor the tall pines needed school and college they needed they and scaffolding; beams graduates—and for vetlumber for floors and finishing wood.

erans. They had found some in Pine Valley

which they had used for their other

Write for free bulletin buildings, but now they needed larger trees. They found them in Arizona, as

far away as the rim of the Grand CanMountain. Trumbull top of on and yon L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE presented from there in lumber bring To Tel. 3-2765 North 70 Salt Lake City 1. Utah Main road, a desert a barren problems, many

long journey.

Several men had worked at getting the lumber out, but the difficulties were so great that they became discouraged.

At last Robert Gardner was appointed.

When George A. Smith asked him

about assuming direction of matters at

Mt. Trumbull he replied The Quality Brother Smith, if I were to study my own

feelings, I would go on a mission to China nothing I have there, but than go out Soap for rather I will there, to go want If you to say. me

go and do the best I can. PARticular His account of the activities at Mt.

is suggestive: Housewives! TrumbullI returned V and found theto masonSt. Georgework inof athefewtempledays

finished, and the workmen were having a jubilee. As soon as I could, I started back

with two cooks, men, and provisions, and soon had the mill running. I fitted the mill

out with men and took six men with me into the woods. Four with crosscut saws

pole and measuring and the temple for my Your Old Bound Volumes of the and two with axes. I took my bill of lumber trees suitable marked selected and ax and

99 downfor theI choppersmeasured toandcut.markedWhenthemtheyforwerethe

men with the crosscut saws to cut log 66 lengths.Next I arranged for teams and men to

Cora firo&afffoff'haul logs to the mill. After getting that part

arranged, we began filling the mill yard 66 with lumber.... The nearest water to the

mill was two miles and it took one man with a team all the time hauling to supply the mill to keep up steam and for domestic

If you have bound volumes of "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA,"purposes....

six months. for was My engagement "CONTRIBUTOR,""MILLENIAL STAR,"or other old Church pubthat.. I. notice gave up I my time was When

lications, which you no longer have use for and which you are wanted to turn the mill over, but I was willing to give to "The Improvement Era"or sell at nominal prices, urgedset my toownrun pricethem onsixmymonthstime. longer... I hadand

we can use them to advantage. We will pay transportation costs. started to build me a house before the President started to build the temple, but he rePlease write us telling what volumes you have and condiquested that everyone at St. George intions under which you are willing to dispose of them. tendinguntil the toHousedo buildingof the Lordshouldwaslaycompleted.it aside

I had done that and filled my mission.,..

The Improvement Era Now that my time was not needed on the 50 North Main Street temple I wanted to return home and get at my own affairs. I did "not care to hire out. Salt Lake City 1, Utah

There are many stories told of the experiences in getting the lumber off 412 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

THE ST. GEORGE TEMPLE

the mountain and over the desert. Men ences which could be matched by the

still point out "Hay Rock,"on top of hundreds. Brigham Young's direct,

which teamsters used to cache their hay personal contributions amounted to out of reach of range cattle. Here, too, $6,281.37, according to the record of

on the shady side, they left their water James G. Bleak (Book C, page 10)

barrels.

This amount includes the font, and cast- "You let an ox smell water when it ing of oxen, stairs, and balustrades, which is thirsty, and it loses what little sense were cast in Salt Lake City costing it ever did have,"one oldtimer says: $5,000.00 cash, and weighing 18,000 pounds.

It stampedes straight toward it. That's Yet this was not more in proportion

what happened when they would be coming than the donations of many who spent down that stretch to Hay Rock. If the months of labor on short rations, or

breeze was right and they got a whiff from who gave when the giving meant real the Mociac Spring across the country, they selfdenial.

hit right out and scattered the outfit all to The font and the twelve oxen upon helland-gone. using to give had up They it rests freighted backs were now that whose or horseoxen and put mule teams on the Salt City, team from Lake by ox road.

drivers receiving credit for tithing

Hannah Fawcett Nixon was one of labor. The large baptismal bowl came

the cooks at the mill in Trumbull. In the in three pieces which had to be lifted

fall she was to come in town, along with into place and welded together. George

three sows and their litters of pigs that Jarvis, an exsailor who had taken had been running loose on the mountain charge of the scaffolding on the buildall summer. This is the way she tells it ing, improvised a series of pulleys and

cranes by which it was accomplished.

Well, we had to do something with all The plastering was a gigantic task, pigs, these in to the so he put a made box for inside outside both the must and the For the Worlds I in, to big carriage the pigs put had and built done. tabernacle be been had The I to as expecting go in town to be conwas

fined soon, so he expected me to occupy of red sandstone; some homes in town the front of the carriage and the pigs the had used it. Brigham Young wanted Best Comics

back, but the box wouldn't hold all the this building to look like a house of pigs, so he had a bigger they as box to make whiteness the symbolic God, and apIt's the Sunday I with something had to do and them had pealed to him. plastered and So it was

to go in, and what to do with them he didn't given an annual coat of lime whiteWell, Jarvis thereknow. Brigham out was it fresh to keep until recent years Salt Lake Tribune wash

it for a load of for so they fixed lumber me used. has when paint been to ride the the load of on pigs lumber and

for carriage. the Brigham eager was So rode to occupy Young Sam Emma the That's the enjoyment habit

horse,Kelsey's in, as it brought he wanted of building completion the that he had 100.000 than of more fampigs. to the bringand Will was on I rode the basement dedicated the upbefore

the load of lumber. per part was finished, so that baptisms ilies throughout the InterOn the way they had trouble a- could be performed. This was on Janmountain West. The Tribune

plenty. Going down the big hill, some uary, 1, 1877. At the final dedication, has selected the world's

of the lumber slipped forward and inon April 6 of the same year, most of best comics for its readers:

the of Authorities the General Churchjured the of one horses Jarvis so badly.. Blondie. Terry the and present, people gathered from and it travel.that could not of the were one Then

...... Pirates Dixie Dugan It near. day. far and a wild, stormy was the carriage from gotteam loose and

... thrilled congregation the to Annie Little Orphan words The riding theran away. horse So was

hitched in its place, Mrs. Nixon sat on of their leaders; their hearts were quickSmiling Jack... Dick Tracy

top of the box of pigs, and they started ened when Brigham Young spoke; he... Joe Palooka... Mickey

that struck the so emphatic heon. She continues: became... nearly a score of pulpit with to Mouse hard enough his cane

Well, we got in to ride, but the road was leave deep dents. They all felt that the others. For youngsters and

full of the holes horses chuck and wouldn't alike the grownups of tumult without expression Sunday was an the road, sitting inkeep the and were we Satan's foiled rage at being Salt again, and Lake Tribune comics are the carriage of endback feet with our hanging down. I was holding onto one of they were not surprised when they a wholesome happy diverfind out several to came carriagesthe the pulled bows, horse out onto when sion. only Tribin the And

over. blown This ofthe side the the house was other into and bank threw a

full this find une will you hole. thechuck Well, broke and could Satan God; bow expected be down to show

I went into the chuck hole almost covered his anger when it was finally completed, collection of the funnies.

with loose dirt.... As for them, they felt a sense of ownerFive weeks later her daughter was ship in it, for all had shared in its erecborn. Next spring when the baby was tion.

scarcely eight months old, her husband The Latterday Saints have built sent for her to come out again and cook other temples and will build many more, for the crowd. but around none will there be more of

We had only the running gears so it thehigh auraendeavorof romance,than accompaniedof sacrifice, this,and notwould for very comfortable be me first in the to the west. After nearly sevenchildren on, hold in theride and two and

it still ty stands years unchanged, it thedaytime burned, at night sun and was cold to lay out on the ground unprotected, dominating the landscape. As one pilot

so my baby was almost blistered with the said, "From the air it looks like a white sun, and at night she took cold. gem in a green setting."It will continue

to be a beacon to airplanes, a landmark thisTt type of devotion was tourists, which to and a holy place to members \y built St. the of Temple, experiGeorge the Church.

JUNE 1946 413 A THREEACT FARCE (Concluded [com page 367) pay $10.00 a ton for just plain water.) his police badge fluttering in tune with

about? Our boys are now returning A farmer, of the type we are talking his lantern. The officer had nothing else

from charging up the ramparts, giving about, in the course of getting ready to do than his duty even if one of his their lives for freedom, and we at home for marketing his hay one early mornfriends was caught hands down.

in a wholesome way in our attitude are ing, was heard to call out to his son in "John,"said he, "I've just called the fairly gnawing at the pillars sustaining the yard, "John, put a dozen more police station, but they may not get liberty and justice. While thousands buckets of water on the hay and hurry down here for half an hour. Let's go

with the fervor that should prompt all in to prayers."over to the depot. It's nice and warm

of us to sacrifice for liberty, are giving, Now that poor fellow was just thinkover there, and we can have a warm as it were, a good pail of milk, thouing "bowlegged."His religion had a cup of coffee while we're waiting."

sands are kicking the white liquid over. terrible case of malnutrition. John's eyes flashed, he raised up in

scratching are into at the defiantly his home looked boots and many Too difference It doesn't any make what in can, they the law. scheming Histheir administrator of how of the face heads is, religion in kneel you your when feaththe tear wing loose, "I you way, shrewdest wantthe indignation broke offer to give thanks prayer your and eagle. America is against Americaners the coffee drinking that from to know it supplications, your you to do want specthe of mostis turn one to religion."going my with "clean hands."

in recorded ever art a somersaults consistency,tacular thou "Oh, Again:

the history of nations if we don't tumble Maybe I can make myself a little jewel."

to the seriousness of this bleeding that clearer by telling a story I heard one What I am trying to say is, if you is going on. To say we are in the of my associates tell a year or so pretend to be devout you can't ride

process right now in a gigantic way to ago. It seemed that a man lived some items of your religion to death

kill the hen that lays the golden egg near the railroad tracks and used to and leave honesty out of the picture.

expresses it in language as weak as get his winter's coal by going along the No man is really religious who isn't skimmed milk. tracks with his wagon and picking up honest.

little pieces of coal, which had been

Come of us pretend to be really reknocked off the coal cars in the course HpHEY tell a story of a negro's coming ligious. Now you folks, whether the of switching. Now it helped the man face to face with a strange inscripsons and daughters or parents, parties materially, and nobody objected. tion on a tombstone. It read, "I am

to these selfish manipulations, how can But our friend wasn't willing to let not dead but sleeping."Looking down

you reconcile your conduct with the well enough alone. One early morning philosophically on that sacred spot the

lives of your pioneer or pilgrim forewhile it was yet dark he was down near old fellow observed, talking aloud to bears whom you pretend to honor for the coalyard and the old Nick really his friend under six feet of ground, their sacrifices, with this doublecross- tempted him. Satan found him entirely "Well, pal, you're just fooling yourself,

ing act that is being played on the stage off guard. ( I really think sometimes we that's all."

of this wonderful land? blame the devil too much for our weakNow you folks that are in this skin

Let's have before us eternally, acting nesses. ) Here's what happened: game we are talking about, with one

as a magnetic pole to our compasses of The subject of our story had his team, hand fleecing the government and with life, this simple word "honesty."Like and the wagon they were pulling was the other petitioning for a ringside res-

a mariner going through the tempest of empty. Nobody seemed to be around on ervation in the realms above, if I read

life, let it be our North Star. We can't such a dark and frosty morning. He the scriptures right, "Well, pal, you're

go very wrong if we keep our bearings spied the chute whence the coal just fooling yourself, that's all."

accordingly. avalanched in the wagons by releasing I am talking to you sons and daughAt our old home we always kept a the lever. It was just too much temptaters of these folks under fire as well

cow. I remember Father always used to tion. In a jiffy the team had been as to the old folks themselves. Do you

buy hay by the wagonload. He went to wheeled around and the wagon was ever imagine your grandfathers and

the market, chose his particular load, right in the path of the coal supply. In grandmothers or your greatgrandpar-

and in a few hours it was stuffed into less time than it takes to tell it, he pulled ents looking down on you from above the hayloft. It was always sold by ofthe lever, and the coal flooded the wagas you stoop to this dishonesty? They

ficial weight. If a farmer were unon box. It came down that chute so gave their "all"for their country and

scrupulous enough to add a lot of water, fast and furious that the load broke the some for their religion. No sacrifice

sprinkled in the center of the load axle of the old fellow's wagon. Yes, was too great either for their country

where it would not be easily dehe was stuck and with no way to unor their religious convictions. What

tected, he might get away with it. (Of load. Out of the darkness appeared as do you suppose they think of you, their

course, nobody in those days liked to if by magic, the night watchman with flesh and blood!

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

[Continued from page 385) members of the Church during their stumbling blocks to unbelievers. Unable, that he was as certain of his teswhole lives. friendly critics have usually tried to

timony as he was of the sun in the high All of the eight witnesses, whether in draw attention away from them, as beheavens. He finally settled, in his old or out of the Church, maintained to ing of little significance.

age, in Clarkston, Utah. He died with their last breath that they saw and More honest unbelievers have athis testimony upon his lips. handled the plates from which the tempted two explanations, and two

Book of Mormon was translated. only.

The lives of the eight witnesses tell Every one of the eleven witnesses The first suggestion is that the witthe same story. One of the witnesses, remained true to his testimony concernnesses were dishonest, and in collusion

John Whitmer, was excommunicated ing the Book of Mormon plates. with the Prophet. That is, the whole

of plates invented, seeing the story Whitmer was Jacob the Church. Two, from

explanation by the witnesses 5. The in explanafrom the no basis fact. That and had Page, withdrew Hiramand

is acceptable. alone

five, fallen tion to since the long ground. has Christian otherChurch. The

Whitmer, Peter Whitmer, Jr., Joseph The facts connected with the Book This is admitted by most antiMormon

Smith, Sen., Hyrum Smith, and Samuel of Mormon witnesses are so unanswerwriters. The wellattested life histories

H. Smith, remained faithful, useful able that they have been disconcerting of the witnesses show every one of

414 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them to have been honest and honorable in his dealings with his fellow men.

If their testimonies had been untrue, one or the other would have revealed If you plan to "Go Places and See Things"by automobile, his perfidy. Many opportunities were

given them. Oliver Cowdery, David this summer, you'll find our "Travel Hints"folders helpful.

Whitmer, and John Whitmer were excommunicated from the Church, im- ***rl They contain road maps; descriptions of famous western

properly, as they thought. They then

soured upon the Prophet and the vacation regions including Yellowstone National Park, up'given them haveChurch. would That in,, E thing the to declare whole chancea Grand Canyon a Zion and Bryce Canyon National Parks ftgjjyf to truefraud. they Instead remained

their testimony. Even antiMormons National Park and hundreds of other points of interest.

have conceded that collusion among

Joseph Smith and the witnesses is most Ask for a free copy at anv station PkJ?&$-{v displaying the familiar

improbable.

The second explanation, conceived Pep 88Vico sign. Trwaai And you'll find Pep 88Vico service

in desperation by those who will not believe the truth, has been that Joseph stations conveniently located throughout Utah and Idaho,

Smith was endowed with great hypnotic power, which enabled him to staffed with conscientious people, anxious to render "plus"service make the eleven witnesses think they saw things which did not exist. This with superior products. You're invited to make our

explanation is much like the drowning man clutching at a straw. stations your travel headquarters.

This farfetched explanation asks us to believe that eleven very dissimilar all claims the questioningmen, of them Qet highest quality products at (uTocaLi see, to could Prophet, theof be made hear, and touch, alike, figments of PEP 88VICO STATIONS AND DEALERS nothingness. It is an absurd request to UtahRefiningOil \YpPL CASouMeV"

make of intelligent people. The testiCompany ''—-

monies of the witnesses rest upon three Pep 88 Ethyl Pep 88 Regular Vico. Quaker Stale Alias

senses: seeing, hearing, touching. Even Gasoline Gasoline Motor Oils Products

the confirmed believer in hypnotism would hardly dare cover so big a territory. Moreover, though it is conceded

that the Prophet had a magnetic personality, there is nothing in his welldocumented life to credit him with such, or any, hypnotic power.

The more the witnesses are studied the more certain the student becomes that their testimonies are true and irrefutable.

They were honest men, clear headed, hard headed, not easily influenced. They

had seen and handled the Nephite plates. They had heard a voice from

heaven, declaring the work to be true. for delicate,

sparkling HIT! Tea MENU else to bear than nothing could doThey

is always Jelly Garden Box School Lunch experience. glorious their towitness wholesome.

Sticks Carrot to witnesses the of testimoniesThe batches in small the It'sdelicious, made Sandwich Meat unanswerable clear, is an ofBook, Mormon and sugar pure of Jelly on Tea Garden proof of the divine mission of Joseph rich juice, gently pressed Nut Bread

Smith the Prophet.—/. A. W. from fresh, ripe, tableApple Cocoa

quality fruit.

further reading and proofs of the For TASTES LIKE HOMEMADE. Because it's made like HomeMade see: statementsabove

History of the Church, Volume I, chapter VI.

Stevenson, Edward, Reminiscences of the

Prophet Joseph Smith. For real understanding of true values

Lang, W., History of Seneca County,

pp. 364, 365. subscribe to and read

Nibley, Preston, Compiler, Witnesses o/

Mormon,the Book of Church Encyclopedia, THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Andrew, Jenson,

Martin I: Oliver Cowdery,Vol. pp. 24651; 12 issues $2.00 Whitmer,Harris, David pp. pp. 27176;

26371.

JUNE 1946 415 oitrToge omi Ours

Frank Bishop H. Just Average the Lovel! of Brown

Big Ward, (Wyoming) ability is just If your average, don't worry about it. More recentStake was Horn

is just often than not success ly Silver the awarded the Beaver by Award boundless Average energy ability—plus Scout National Boy constructive imagination Average

tor outstanding Council ability—plus judgment Average sound service boyhood. to The ability—plus presentation was made to the will desire the learn to and Average pay

at Cody, Wyoming. the priceability—plus of learning, hard work Bishop his began Brown

it ability the to of the best use Average make activities scouting in ability—plus

Evanston, in ability Wyoming, the to create opporAverage your own ability—plus 1918. continued to He sitting tunities waiting for to without back them and serve interests scouting

as a missionary to appear southern California faith courage, optimism, Average and in your filled fullhe where a fellowability—plus

term shortterm and kept healthy, strong a Average and a body in mission 'twenties. the

level assoHe again became heart ability—plushead,men and a generous

ciated with scouting in in 1928, Wyoming and has of been bishop the Odds Even It

Love// Ward since 1932.

This is the ward from "I see that a man who speaks seven languages has just

Big Stake Horn which three."married a speaks woman who has achieved the goal the to right handicap.""That be about seems of Era in every "an

home,"for seven consecutive years. Ain't It, Though

Life is an eternal struggle to keep one's earning capacity up to one's yearning capacity.

Dear Editors:

am just an average sailor stationed on Guam but today Silent Punishment

I "Recreation about. Hut"experience marvelous came Our a the said "it peaceloving takes husband, "Well,"two to make times fellows of inadequate supply has many an magazines—so, I'll quarrel, a shut up."so finished directly home, publications from receive when who like little just a "That's man,"the "You'll whimpered woman.

it for the in will "Recreation leave Hut"magazine, with a just things!"think sit and mean I is received read. fellow less That to fortunate how some

introduction my three copies there—Ito yourtookfinethemmagazine.all and Someonespent thehadentireleft One Way Out

afternoon reading them from cover to cover. A publication "I wish I could find a way to stop my wife from spending

of that sort must receive millions of compliments, but I can't so much on gloves."

resist telling you it is the finest magazine I have ever read in "Try buying her expensive rings."

my life.

As it is natural that my wonderful discovery today should Front Row, Center to a subscription Improvement to have The want me make little the exclaimed Mother,""Oh, girl, "just see that man!

for a enclosing therefore two dollars Era, I am Isn't hasn't his head. a hair on it sad?"subscription. He

Thank you. "Hush! He will hear you."

Sincerely, "Oh, doesn't he know it?"

Walter Bryant Also A Capitalist #

Greenville, Mississippi "What is a plutocrat?"

Circulation Department "A man who can get his hair cut the day before pay day."

Dear Sir: Enclosed find the sum of two dollars for the purpose of Averages Are Relative securing for another year my subscription of the Era. "Scientists claim that an average person speaks ten thousand

While overseas in the Pacific my Zira coming each month words a day."

was truly a godsend, even though they seemed so slow in get- "Yes, but remember dear, you're far above average."

ting to us, my buddies and I would enjoy each edition so very much.

When I left Tinian about a month ago, the Era was quite Open Secret a popular magazine as I had given several copies to the army "Is it true that he has a secret sorrow?"

hospital, and to one of my buddies who had built himself a "My, yes! Hasn't he told you about it yet?"

barber shop, and his customers would sit for hours reading the JBra or even just to come in to sit and read them. Adequate Preparation

of privilege during Ericksen meeting Chaplain G. L. Had the

truly in "there stay say, Saipan I can is a and a short good is there the doing with a fine man."and "Yes—an"Have youumbrella."anything put away for a rainy day?"work members He

nonmembers of the Church, and he is very popular. Knows the Book

Sincerely yours, Robert M. Wilson "What"All of excusethem."does he give for not working?"$

The Mother of invention Cause for Alarm "Can any of you children tell me why King Nebuchadnezzar "Why did they stop running around together?"

built the hanging gardens?""Nobody knows."

"Probably because his nextdoor neighbor kept chickens.""Oh, how terrible!"

416 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA J Box Qft UTAH

FROM UTAH'S MATCHLESS MOUNTAIN ORCHARDS

Wherever you live, friends of Utah and lovers of fine fruit, here's a gift box that will satisfy your own taste for the best in cherries, or will delight a friend whom you may want to please or impress.

These cherries are grown in Utah's limerich, Lake Bonneville alluvial soils and are treeripened in sunbright summer days and cool nights. Only the top of the crop can qualify for this

A Grand special gift pack.

Beautifully boxed, with gift card and souvenir booklet, and

Surprise for delivered by messenger to your home if you live in Salt Lake

Your Family City, or shipped prepaid by fast express anywhere in the nation... one box or a thousand. Net wt. approx. six pounds. $2.95 too!

per box. Order now for June 25 to July 20 delivery.

o3r

ZION'S COOPERATIVE MERCANTILE INSTITUTION

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

COUPON AND YOUR

GIFT LIST today Wait Please send de luxe box(es) of Utah cherries to me, and/or boxes each to the list of names and addresses attached.

Sender's name t——

Address—City and State -- (prepaid) per box Total amount $—@ #2.95 enPlease account enclosed my Payment Q Charge

close gift card with my name Make checks payable to

Z. C. M. I.

'Msvfc mm

-;&'.-A->i.-;iW:>.-:!?>.. S-'i'sj