JE55E W HUDI'ES See CALIFORNIA In ONE COMPLETE TRIP 82 s48 TO LOS ANGELES AND RETURN VIA SAN FRANCISCO STOPOVERS ALLOWED AT ALL POINTS OF INTEREST IN CALIFORNIA

ON SOUTHERN PACIFIC LINES TICKETS ON SALE DAILY Good Returning October 31, 1923.

For Complete Information, Tickets and Reservation*

Call, Phone or Write P. BANCROFT, D. F. & P. A.

41 South Main Street Wasatch 3008

Latterday Saints Garments APPROVED CORRECT PATTERN Prepared Parcel Post to any part of the United States if paid in advance, 20c. extra on each garment to Canada or Mexico.

These approved Temple Garments are knitted and made right here in our own Utah factory, to your special order and measurements. Lowest

prices on market. Mail your order to us now and say you saw it in the

"Improvement Era."If order is C. O. D. you pay the postage.

LOOK FOR THE APPROVED LABEL IN EVERY GARMENT

No. Price 4 Light Summer Weight hleached $1.40

11 Light weight cotton 1.50

20 Light weight cotton bleached 1.75

00 Medium weight cotton 1.75

22 Medium weight cotton bleached 2.00

90 Heavy weight cotton unbleached 2.25

24 Heavy weight cotton bleached 2.50

50 Extra white double bleached, mercerized 3.00

10 Medium weight wool mixture. 3.00

10 Heavy weight wool mixture 4.00

70 Snow white silkileen 3.40

18 All Marino wool 5.50

""""sizes from 22 to 44 bust, 52 to 64 lengths, as desired. Longer than 64

Inches or over 44 in. bust, eacii size 20c. extra. Garments with double

backs 25c. extra per suit. We will make any size desired.

Measure bust around body under arms; length from center on top of

shoulder down to inside of ankle. Orders for less than two garments not

accepted.

We manufacture sweater coats, Jersey goods and underwear, also

KNITTING MODELflannel shirts and Mackinaw coats. CHRISTIANSON, ManagerWORKS FRANKLIN

657 Iverson St., Salt Lake City, Utah. Phone Hy. 516

"RELIABLE AGENTS WANTED"

WHEN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Keep Smiling It's easy for a man to smile, On life's brief undulating mile,

When things are right, and all the while

Keep Smiling.

But when the things we cherish go,

And through our lives reverses flow,

It's hard to smile, but weal or woe,

Keep Smiling.

When angry clouds go rolling by,

Across the last blue strip of sky,

And tear drops spargle in your eye,

Keep Smiling.

A smile upon a heart of pain Is like a rainbow, in the rain,

Entangled in a golden chain Bright bending over hill and plain;

Keep Smiling.

Take to your heart this simple thought

And hold it tight, it helps a lot,

If you can smile no matter what,

Keep Smiling.

If you can stand right up and grin

With a sore, bleeding heart within,

Your goal is yours; you're sure to win.

Keep Smiling.

Our woes are temporary things.

In every human ill that springs

The bird of hope divinely sings.

Keep Smiling.

Don't let the heart within you die;

The spring will brighten up the sky,

And faith will triumph by and by;

Keep Smiling.

—Theodore E. Curtis.

SU to C*- 0<k,

-S3 3

? B

is g g> Ik P Q> F to

I s g

as 3>V Ck"o ij e

H S C

,Ik.jiW '-V)

O u - -2 kj *"3 a, a v.a -e

** -a 25U c o scr "g * 2% 2 S., a a a3U1 or 1 c 5ya-S "5.2k5

b o 3 c S "B

i-B. its'*

2 S

*.,

J.S

Improvement era

Vol. XXVI JULY, 1923 No. 9

Traveling Over Forgotten Trails

By President Anthony W. IviiJs

The Old Spanish Trail One of the most interesting, and in its time most important, of the old trails, now obliterated, and well nigh forgotten, was the southern route which connected the Pacific coast with the

Missouri river. The tragedy and romance of this old trail will

never be told, nor written; it cannot be, because the men who

made unrecorded history along its route have long since gone to travel the unknown paths of another world, leaving no written records behind them.

When the movement from the east to the west, which resulted in the final conquest and settlement of the Pacific Slope by Anglo Saxon people began, after reaching the Rocky Mountains, there were three routes by which the early pioneers reached their destination. One of these trails, for in the beginning they

were nothing more, passed through Idaho by way of Fort Hall and Boise to the Columbia river and down that stream to the

Pacific. It was over this route that Nathaniel Wythe, who was

the first white man to make the journey from the Atlantic to the Pacific coast, of whom we have any record, traveled in 183233, and over it Henry H. Spalding and Marcus Whitman, with their wives, passed in 1836, the women being the

first among the white people to cross the American continent. This was known as the Northern Route.

The Central Route passed through what is now the northern part of Utah, down the Humboldt river, in Nevada, and across the Sierra Nevada mountains to California. It was on

this trail that the illfated Donner party were snow bound, and perished, near Donner Lake, in the winter of 1846.

The third route, known to the early scouts and trappers as the Old Spanish Trail, bore south from Salt Lake, skirting the west base of the Wasatch mountains, through what is now Salt i. j*fc A *-4b>'inHMHIH

DESERT LANDSCATE

On this waterless waste myriads of mocking birds, build their nests, and rear their young. The century plants and cacti furnishing protection for the nests against the predatory birds and animals nhich, like

predatory men, prey on the innocent and defenseless.

THE MONUMENT AT MOUNTAIN MEADOW'S

As it now appears on the spot uhvre the emigrants nere camped wlten attacked by Indians. John D. Lee ivas executed at this point

March 23, 1877.

Lake, Utah, Juab, Millard, Beaver, Iron and Washington counties. At Cedar City the road forked, one trail bearing southwest, to the Mountain Meadows, Cane Springs, the Magotsu and

down the Santa Clara to Camp Spring; the other was by way of

Ash Creek, Grape Vine Spring, Cottonwood, (later Harrisburg)

Washington and St. George, and up the Santa Clara, where it

formed a junction with the former at Camp Spring.

From the latter point the road continued south, through what the early trappers called the Beaver Dam mountains, to the Rio Virgen, at Bea\er Dams, down the Rio Virgen to the mouth of the Muddy and up that stream to a point near the present Moapa station, on the Salt Lake and Los Angeles Railroad. From this point it struck across the desert, a distance of

sixtyfive miles to Las Vegas, (The Meadows) over a tract of country entirely without water, and with very little grass. From

Las Vegas to the Mojave river the country was a desert waste, with only scanty pasturage, and almost without water; thence

on, through the Cajon Pass, (Box Canyon Pass) to San Bernardino, cpnditions for travel were more favorable.

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 773

Because of the desert country through which the road passed, the extreme heat and scarcity of water, few people ventured to travel it during the summer months, but when winter came, and other routes were closed because of snow, the Old

Spanish Trail was the most popular route to California.

Who first traveled over this trail no one knows. Farris, in

his History of Arizona, says:

"Captain Jedediah S. Smith was the first white man to enter Arizona

from the north. In August, 1826, he started from Salt Lake, passed south,

by Utah Lake and keeping down the west side of the Wasatch and high plateaus, reached the Virgen river, in Arizona, near the southwestern corner of Utah. This he called, in honor of the president of the United

States, Adams river. Following it southwest, through Pai Ute country,

twelve days, he came to its junction with the Colorado River."

Crittenden, in his History of the American Fur Trade of the

Far West, says:

"On the 22nd of August, 1826, Smith left the rendezvous, near Great

Salt Lake, with a party of fifteen men, for the purpose of exploring the country to the southwest, then wholly unknown to the American traders.

His route lay by Utah Lake, thence across the Sevier Valley, to the Virgin river, which he descended to the Colorado river. Smith named this stream

Adams river in honor of the President. I am inclined to think that its

present name was given for Thomas Virgin, who was with Smith in 1827, and was severely wounded by the Indians in this locality, and afterwards killed in a fight on Umpquah river."

In 1830 William Wolfskill and a party of trappers opened a route to California, going North from Santa Fe, to the head waters of the San Juan, thence crossing Green and Grand rivers, the latter in what is now known as Gunnison Valley, thence following the west base of the Wasatch range, and south through Mountain Meadows, across the Beaver Dam Mountains, and down the Rio Virgen to a point near its junction with the

Colorado, where they struck across the desert to Las Vegas, and from there bore south to Los Angeles.

After the arrival of the Pioneers in the Salt Lake Valley, in 1847, one of the first problems presented was to provide means by which merchandise might be obtained to supply the actual necessities of the people. They were eleven hundred

miles from the Missouri river, the only base of supplies, from the east, and Los Angeles was eight hundred miles distant. The

route to the Missouri was not a difficult one in summer. Grass

was abundant, water plentiful, and but for danger from marauding Indians, the journey across the plains was neither difficult nor hazardous.

The California route, on the contrary, was only available during the winter months, and even then the journey could only be made under the most trying circumstances to both men and 774 IMPROVEMENT ERA

animals. The road passed through a barren desert country, with

very scanty pasturage, and little water. There was no station

between Utah and California, where supplies could be obtained, or assistance rendered in case of accident or trouble, not a white settler lived between the lines of the two states.

It was necessary, before leaving the "Mormon"settlements, in

Southern Utah, to load the wagons with grain, a part of which was cached at different points along the road, to be used on the return trip, and when these caches were discovered and opened by the Indians, as was frequently the case, teams suffered until the settlements were reached.

During the summer months professional freighters, with long trains of mule teams, and sometimes oxen, made the tiresome journey from Salt Lake to the Missouri river and return, reaching the valley in the fall laden with merchandise.

Oxen were not used on the Old Spanish Trail, but during the winter months, in order that mules might not be idle, many of these freighters turned their faces westward, and made the trip to Southern California and return.

Among the most adventurous and successful of these men, with whom the writer was acquainted, who staked so much on the chance of small returns, were the Crismon Brothers, George and

Charley, and Bill Streeper, the latter the only one of the old wagon masters, so far as the writer is aware, who is now living.

The Mountain Meadows was the last oasis, on the northern end of the road, and travelers frequently stopped at that point to

BILL STREEPER recuperate their teams before

An outstanding figure among starting across the long desert the professional freighters, who stretch which intervened between for slight profit, and great sacrifice brought merchandise to Salt the Utah and California lines.

Lake Valley, in the days of the This point is in the northern part

Pioneers, atid the only knouit of what is now Washington counsurvivor of the men who freightty, Utah. It is a small valley in ed over the Old Spanish Trail

the tops of the mountains, where springs spread over the surface and formed one of those beauty spots, found only in mountain landscapes. Since the days of

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 775

the Pioneers heavy floods have cut a deep gully through the valley, which has drained the water from the surface, the grass has disappeared, and sage brush taken its place.

The dangers and difficulties of travel over this road were greatly increased because of the character of the Indian tribes through whose country it passed. While not a strong nor warlike people, like Plains Indians, the Pah Utes, who occupied the

Santa Clara and Upper Rio Virgen, the Moapas on the Muddy, and Mojaves farther to the south, were expert thieves, and did not hesitate to take life when they felt that it could be done with safety.

Tragedies of the Trail—Mountain Meadows

The most shocking tragedy which occurred on the Old

Trail was the affair at Mountain Meadows. In the early part

of September, 1857, a party of emigrants from Arkansas and

Missouri, on their way to California, had gone into camp at

Mountain Meadows with the intention of remaining at that point for a short time, for the purpose of resting and recruiting their teams and loose cattle, before starting across the desert country which intervened between them and their destination. As they traveled through the settlements of Southern

Utah, trouble developed between the emigrants and Indians, through whose country they passed, and there was also misunderstanding between them and some of the white settlers.

While in camp at Mountain Meadows, at break of day, on or about the 7th of September, the camp was attacked by Indians. It is said that at the first volley seen men were killed,

and sixteen wounded, and that several Indians, among them two chiefs, were killed. The emigrants were brave men, well

armed, and for several days successfully defended themselves.

The Indians, in the meantime, sent out runners who succeeded in obtaining reinforcements, including a number of white men, who participated in the final attack, which resulted in the extermination of the entire party, with the exception of a number of children, who were spared.

Similar instances have occurred, during our pioneer movement toward the west, particularly along the route of the "Old

Santa Fe Trail,"where a number of expeditions which left the

Missouri river were entirely lost, their fate never having been determined.

Tobins Point On the 31st of August, Col. E. J. Steptoe, who had been

appointed governor of Utah, arrived at Salt Lake with an escort of about 175 soldiers. Among them there was a dashing young

776 IMPROVEMENT ERA

sergeant whose name was John Tobin. After remaining at Salt

Lake for some time, Tobin started for California, over the southern trail. He had reached the Magotsu, about twenty miles

south from the Mountain Meadows, and camped on that stream, where he was attacked, while asleep, by unknown parties and seriously wounded, but escaped in the darkness, and finally reached California.

Camp Spring At Camp Spring, a view of which is here shown, Magets, a noted Indian of the pioneer days, said that while concealed in the rocks shown in the illustration, he saw two miners, who were returning from the gold fields of California, kill and bury a third member of their party, after taking from his person a quantity of gold which he carried. It was later discovered that

TOBIN'S POINT ON MAGOTSU At this point Sergeant John Tobin was attacked by unknown parties and badly wounded, but escaped and reached California. He was Sergeant in Sleptoe's command.

this same Indian had killed a lone prospector at Camp Spring, from whom he took ten twenty dollar gold pieces.

The Rio Virgen One of the greatest difficulties which confronted the early freighters, and it was not only a difficulty, but a real danger, was the Rio Virgen. The old road, after leaving the Beaver

Dams, followed down the river bottom, and crossed the stream

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 777

as many as thirtyfive times before it reached the mouth of the

Muddy. The river bed consists of constantly moving quicksands,

which continually change the current, so that one can never tell where the treacherous sands may be encountered, dangerous alike to both animals and wagons. The only safety is in moving

CAMP SPRING

It was a popular camping place for travelers over the Old Spanish

Trail, and a spot where some of the tragedies of the lonely road were enacted. as rapidly as possible, until the dangerous places are passed;

to stop for only a few moments would often prove serious, if not fatal.

Many loose animals are caught and perish in these quicksands, and on one occasion a wagon loaded with heavy mining machinery, which was being freighted from the coast to Utah, was caught in the sand, at a point just below the present site of

Bunkerville, which, despite the efforts put forth to save the valuable freight, sank until it entirely disappeared.

Jack Longstreet and Old Man Dry

Soon after the close of the civil war a man came into the

Muddy valley, and settled there. He called himself Jack Longstreet, and claimed to be a relative of General Longstreet, of

the Confederate army. He was a man of prepossessing appearance, with dark hair which fell in curls to his shoulders.

Soon after another man, known as Old Man Dry, brought a band of horses into the valley, and declared his intention to 778 IMPROVEMENT ERA

establish a ranch. Bad blood developed between the two men,

and one day they met. Just what happened no one knows. Longstreet reported that Dry drew his gun and threatened to kill him,

and that he fired first with fatal effect. An Indian woman, who

claimed to have witnessed the affair declared that Longstreet fired from ambush, and killed Dry. Soon after Longstreet

left the valley, and went to the mining camps of California.

Leonard S. Conger

Leonard S. Conger was

the first man to carry the United States mail from Salt Lake to San Bernardino, over the Old Spanish Trail. During the years 185152 he rode

the difficult and dangerous route, often entirely alone.

The writer has often listened with rapt attention while this man related the thrilling experiences which he passed through while riding over the desolate stretches which the road crossed. He knew the

water holes and scattering patches of grass, and would often stay over, during the day, in some open space, where he could watch for Indians, while his animals grazed and rested, and when darkness came, press on LEONARD S. CONGER through the more lonely and

He carried the United States Mail dangerous places.

over the Old Spanish Trail in 1851-2, Upon one occasion, after when danger threatened on every i T it i c i leaving Los Vegas, he was folmile of the desert road.

lowed by Indians, frequently exchanging shots with them, and did not remove the packs from his animals until he reached Gunlock, in Utah, a distance of 150 miles. He related that upon one occasion he met a company

of emigrants at the Vegas who had engaged in a fight with

Indians, in which a white woman had been killed. She was

buried and the train moved on. On his return trip Conger

found the remains of the woman, which had been disinterred by the Indians, propped up against a cottonwood tree. He reburied the body, but as he passed the point again, found it in

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 779

the same position as on his previous trip. Three times he

buried the remains of that unfortunate woman, before they were permitted to rest in peace.

It was on this Old Trail, on the Mojave river, south of the

Vegas, that Franklin B. Woolley was killed, in March, 1869, by

Mojaie Indians; and over the lonesome and dangerous road

his younger brother brought the remains to St. George, for interment, an example of devotion and courage rarely equalled.

(See Era, May, 1916.)

Romances of the Old Trail—The Peg Leg Mine

Many of the trails traveled by the early trappers and prospectors have their lost mines. Somewhere along the trail of

the Mormon Battalion, in the extreme eastern part of California, or western Arizona, the Peg Leg mine awaits the fortunate man who may discover and unearth its hidden treasure.

Men have perished on the desert as they searched for it, other men have fought and died for possession of the precious water holes, near where it is said to be, but none have seen it since the death of Peg Leg Smith, who came to San Bernardino with a large quantity of gold which he had brought in from the desert, and in a drunken orgy, in celebration of his discovery, died without divulging its location.

The Lost Cabin Mine Near the Pioneer Trail, in Wyoming, the Lost Cabin

Mine, of fabulous richness, has defied all efforts to relocate since the original discoverers were obliged to abandon it, as they thought, for a brief period only.

The Spanish Trail Has Fortune For You.—The Lost Lead

When word reached the East that gold had been discovered on the American and Feather rivers, in California, a great rush set in for the new Eldorado. Among the venturesome men,

who staked their all on uncertainty, there was lone party which traveled over the Old Spanish Trail, and had among its members a boy of seventeen years, whose name was Jim Houdon.

From Cedar City the party traveled, via Iron and Antelope

Springs, to Camp Spring, and from that point on to Beaver

Dams. Many years after, when he was a man past middle

age, Jim Houdon appeared at St. George, in southern Utah,

and this is the story which he told

At some point, after leaving Cedar City, the company after watering their horses at a spring, drove on, and that night made a dry camp. Near the camp ground there was a

high hill, and Jim Houdon climbed to the top of it and looked 780 IMPROVEMENT ERA

off in the direction of the promised land toward which he was journeying. On the top of this hill he observed some black

looking boulders and, upon picking one of them up, discovered that it was very heavy. He carried a piece of the rock to camp

where it was broken and examined, and putting a piece in his pack carried it to California.

He remembered that the camp was at a place where pinion pine trees grew, because they gathered and roasted pine nuts in the camp fire, and the next day drove down to a stream where the Indians were farming, and bought roasting ears from them. Upon his arrival in California Houdon had the

sample of ore analysed and it proved to be high grade silver.

While working in the gold mines of California, the rush to

Australia began, where exceedingly rich gold fields had been discovered, and Jim Houdon went with others, hoping that a fortune awaited him, on the other side of the globe. He carried the piece of Utah ore with him, and again had it tested,

with the same result, the assayer declared it to be very high grade silver.

Then Jim Houdon returned to St. George, in southern

Utah, which had been established since he went to California, believing that he could find the place where he had picked up the rich ore many years before. Carefully he searched the country between Iron Springs and Beaver Dams, but all in vain. So

many years had elapsed, the country had so changed, and new roads had so far obliterated the Old Trail, that identification of either the spring where the teams were watered, or the dry camp ground was impossible, and he finally left, to seek his fortune in other fields, a broken and disappointed man.

Tradition located the Lost Lead, as it came to be known, on to Magotsu, between Cane Spring and the Santa Clara. Who

will be the fortunate discoverer of this lost load, or, did it exist only in the imagination of Jim Houdon? He believed implicitly in it, otherwise he would not have come from the Antipodes to search for it.

The Breyfogle Mine In the early fifties an emigrant train took the southern route from Salt Lake to California. The story is told that

while crossing the desert country, not far from Death Valley, a member of the party, whose name was Breyfogle, took his gun and went out to hunt. Some distance from camp he

found a vein of decomposed quartz, heavily impregnated with coarse gold. Breaking off some samples, he hurried back to

camp and endeavored to persuade the captain of the company to stop and investigate his discovery, but the captain, more

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 781

anxious to get his people safely across the desert than to hunt for gold, refused and moved on. After reaching California Breyfogle returned with others, but failed to identify the place where

the gold had been found.

The Lost Gunsight Mine Another party of emigrants are said to have abandoned their wagons, at a point near Death Valley, and pressed on, some on foot, and others riding the animals. One member of

the party, upon arrival at Los Angeles, took his rifle to a gun

Top: The Oldest Fort in Nevada, located at Stewart Raich, Las

Vegas, Nevada.

Bottom: S. L. R. R. Depot and Eating House, Las Vegas, Nevada.

782 IMPROVEMENT ERA

smith to have it resighted, and asked that a piece of metal, which he had found on the desert, be used for the purpose. The

gunsmith identified the metal as native silver, and an expedition was sent back with the emigrant, but the latter could not locate the place where he had found the silver. Thus we have

the Lost Gunsight Mine.

The Lead Mines of Las Vegas It is a well known fact that in the late fifties the Utah

Pioneers mined lead ore near Las Vegas, erected smelters at the latter point where it was smelted and concerted into pig lead, which was hauled over the Old Trail to Salt Lake and moulded into bullets, silver bullets, for the lead carried good values in silver, which there was no means of extracting at that time.

Allen G. Campbell, wellknown Utah mining man, later

locatel these mines, and they are probably in operation at this time.

A Real Romance of the Desert Among the men who traveled over the Old Trail there was not one who knew it better than Francis M. Lyman. While not

a professional freighter, he crossed the desert, from Utah to

California, sixteen times, no other man, so far as we are aware, having an equal record, unless it might be Leonard S. Conger, the

mail carrier. From President Lyman's journal I quote, as follows:

"I reached the beach at San Pedro about the 22nd of August, 1856.

While loading up my wagon I saw a bewitching girl, in a lawn dress, pass across the camp ground, and I thought I never saw anything half so fine. We reached San Bernardino with our loads, about the 26th of

August, and I made bold to get sight of so remarkable a creature and in a moment recognized in Rhoda Taylor, the same charming girl who had flitted across the camp ground before me at the beach. Now I confess

the truth I was captivated, I was frantically in. I could not help it.

I was never taken just that way before, and I did not know how to resist it, and I have always been thankful, since, that I did not."

It is only necessary to add that the introduction and courtship which followed resulted in marriage, and that the honeymoon of this couple, later so prominently identified with the deAelopment of Utah and the West, was spent as they journeyed over the Old Spanish Trail, from San Bernardino to

Utah.

The Inexpressible Desert There is something inexpressible connected with the desert. Its vastness, it broad expanse, its e\ er changing panorama of

hills and buttes, its silence and solitude, the beauty of its sunset,

TRAVELING OVER FORGOTTEN TRAILS 783

the glory of its moon and brilliancy of its stars, are to be found in no other place, among all the works of the Creator. One who has

gazed upon the marvel of a desert mirage, where lakes and rivers, towns and castles, forest and plains beckon the thirsty wayfarer on, only to vanish into barren plains as he approaches, once seen can never be forgotten. The variety and indniduality of the

desert shrubs and plants, with the beauty and fragrance of their blossoms, once you are under the influence of this desFRANCIS M. LYMAN

He irns not a professional freighter, but crossed the. thscit sixteen times, and spent his

honeymoon traveling over the Old Spanish

Trail. ert holds you with a power which is well nigh irresistible, even though you know that its call may be the last you shall ever hear.

The desert landscape shown in the illustration was taken at a point where mocking birds in great numbers had built their nests and were rearing their young, singing their inimitable songs as the kodak clicked. Why does the mocking bird choose

784 IMPROVEMENT ERA

the desert for his home, while rearing his young? Because the

century plants, the cacti, and other thorny desert shrubs, give protection to his nest, from predatory birds and animals which, like predatory men, prey upon the innocent and defenseless.

It was in such an environment, under the light of desert skies, where the mocking bird trills his happy lay, that Francis

M. Lyman and Rhoda Taylor spent their honeymoon.

His Need ot Me—The Answer

In a dream of night, 'twas a wintry night,

My Lord came near unto me, And stood in the light of a room all white,

And spoke these words unto me:

"Oh, why do you shirk, why not do the work,

That your Lord would have you do?"

In this dream of night I answered outright.

"Why, Lord, hast thou need of me?

In my lowly state, and the season late,

Oh, what can I do for thee?

Wherein do I shirk, and where is the work

That my Lord would have me do?

"My purse is so poor, I've nothing in store,

I stand in my lowly place;

So here in the night, in this room all white

By light of thy radiant face.

Reveal unto me whv thou needest me.

And what thou would'st have me do."

The Answer "Don't think that you need the wealth piled by greed.

Nor a place of pride and power;

You need but the will and the wish to fill

Men's souls in their earthly hour

With the living truth, the arousing truth,

That your Lord would have you speak.

"All the gold men lure from toils of the poor.

Is but the limit of sin And the statelv piles that they build the whiles,

I never can dwell therein From the world's dim birth to the end of earth.

I win by the power of truth.

"If the truth be told, all the wrongs of old

Will lift from the paths of men

So this is the work you must never shirk,

To publish the truth to men.

And to pave the way for the coming day

When Brotherhood rules the earth."

C. N. Lund Jearts andjfolfyhocks

<JJ Stor$) ofLove, Struggle and Society JuthMoenchBeJJ

Chapter XI

(Concluded) Judith saw Phil leave the room and her heart sank. She

had vaguely hoped that he might seek Edna with comforting words. A misgiving now smote her that he was so thoroughly

incensed against her that he would lea e her forever. She should

have consulted him, she could a|ee that. She had been obsessed

by the idea that this oldfashioned merrymaking might not only please Edna, but recall happy times to Phil; and win him

back to her, or at least make it easier for her to come to him.

The plan was illadvised. The presence of the other men

must have been torture to Edna, knowing that John could not be there. It would help Edna a little to have her friends cordial

with her. That much, at least, the party had accomplished. But

if it cost the last shred of Phil's regard, the price would be fearful for so little.

Entirely oblivious of the fact that the party had failed of its object, in cheering Edna Shirley; equally oblivious of the

fact that it might make a permanent breech between Judith and

Phil, the guests were having a glorious time. Judith slipped out

unobsen ed, into the reception hall.

She knew that Edna would not leave without seeking her.

And if Phil were seriously displeased it would be better to meet him apart from the others and explain if he would listen.

Phil had found solitude more trying than he had supposed it could be and was just coming in as Judith stepped into the hall. He attempted to pass her. Judith reached out her hand

to detain him: "Please, Phil,"she pleaded. "The women were

planning to snub Edna after all she had gone through. I couldn't

bear it, dear, we were little girls together, lifelong friends. This

is her home town. I couldn't see her treated so."

"And so you entertained in her honor?"

"Not in her honor, dear, I invited, I even begged her dearest friends to come and make her feel our love and sympathy."

"A fine way to pet criminals, I should think."He turned

on his heel again.

"There isn't one of us fit to touch her hand, Phil. For

nearly two years she has starved with him. She has slaved for

786 IMPROVEMENT ERA

three dollars a week to help him in their support. She didn't

have to go to him. She didn't have to sacrifice her life that

way.""No, and he didn't have to steal the money for her. He

just did it, that's all. I should think that was the least she could

do to make amends. He made himself a criminal for her. Nothing else on earth would have made him do as* he did."

"He did it so she could follow the pace we set."

"The pace we set? Hadn't we a right?"

"Oh, we were right enough, I suppose, but was it righteous?

Don't sneer, Phil. I don't pretend that I didn't enjoy spending

the money. I was proud of you because you could acquire it. My

vanity was pleased at the distinction of being social leader. It

seemed clever of you to get control of commodities that people could not do without and then charge what you pleased for them.""I don't in the least see what you are driving at."

"I'm trying to say that it seemed right and as clever as could be. I ne\ er felt differently till I saw Edna's face. Even

if we had gotten it all fairly there were so many fine things we might have done with it intsead of urging it to awaken envy in the hearts of others. I must go and find Edna, now. You will forgive me, won't you, Phil?"

They were interrupted by the ringing of the door bell. "I'll

go to Edna. You answer the door, Phil."And Judith slipped

out.

Phil opened the door to Sheriff Heron. "I've just taken

Edna down to see John,"he explained. "She wanted me to

come in and tell Judith. I met her on the way down and walked

with her to see if I couldn't get some concessions. They had

John in with a drunken negro and a half crazed Italian who fancied himself Caruso and was regaling everyone with grand opera.""Surely they could have done better than that for him,"

Phil declared.

"The jail was crowded and they thought they had done their best. The warden has given him a couch in his office, now.

It was against orders for Edna to be admitted at such an hour, but we fixed that up, too. I told the warden it was the last

thing he could do for me there."

"Last thing? What do you mean?"

"I'm resigning. I made up my mind when I brought John

in, that would be the last job of that kind for me. It is only

by the grace of God that we are not all there behind the bars."

"To hear you and my wife tell it, I'm the real criminal,"

Phil scoffed.

HEARTS AND HOLLYHOCKS 787

"Oh, you're all right, I suppose, Phil. But the fellows that

have got off free are the ones that should be behind the bars, the fake promoters, who know they are promoting nothing but their own interests. They are the ones, preying on the credulity

of the ignorant and breaking down the integrity of men in weak moments.""You're right there, Heron. We'll go after them and see

what can be done. Order has to be maintained, you know,

and justice enforced."

"I know, Phil, I'm not blaming you. It's the law and right

enough. I've brought them in by the score and it never troubled

me before. It's just becauce John and I went swimming together

and played marbles znd all the rest of it, and I know he was straight as a die then. It kind of got on my nerves. I'm not a

religious man, you know; but every clack of the car wheels

seemed to say 'vengeance is mine, vengeance, vengeance is mine,'fjaith the Lord. And then I'd look at John's face and it certainly looked as if someone had got their engeance in already

and I couldn't see any reason why I should follow it up."

"Judith takes it all on herself,"Phil said thoughtfully, "he wants me to get him off. I don't know that I could do that."

"Your wealth and influence would go a long way towards freeing him."

Judith, entering at that moment, heard the sheriff's remark and knew its import. Without waiting for explanations she

flung her arms about her husband's neck and kissed him rapturously. "You darling,"she cried in relief. "I knew you'd do

it. And if you don't mind, I want to give Edna back her old

home next to ours. You gave it to me, you know."

"Go as far it ycu like,"Phil laughed goodnaturedly. "This

thing's been troubling me more than I cared to admit. If you

don't care, Heron, we'll go down to the jail together and tell

John that we'll try to fix things up for him. He'll rest better

the remainder of the night. They'll let me in, if I come with

you, I suppose."

"You better believe they will,"Sheriff Heron laughed. "If

we have to wake the governor to get a permit we'll get in and put his mind and Edna's at rest."

"Is Edna with him?"Judith asked.

'Yes, she sent this note of apology to you. She didn't mean

to run off like that. I could see she had been crying and couldn't

stand to meet anyone."

"Tell her about the house,"Judith laughed happily. "I

must go in and look after my guests."

The first impression of the sheriff's and Phil's, as they were admitted into the warden's office where sat Edna and John, 788 IMPROVEMENT ERA

was that a flood of light filled the room. Later they realized

that the light was wholly spiritual and shone from the eyes of

Edna and John. They seemed to have climbed the heights

and conversed with spiritual beings.

John got to his feet at sight of Phil. "Sorry old man,"Phil

held out his hand and grasped John's heartily. "I think we

can get you out of here. I'm going to do my best. I came down

to assure you of that."

"And Phil's best will go a long ways,"Sheriff Heron broke in and he, too, grasped John by the hand.

It seemed to take fully a minute for the import of what they said to reach John. Edna was the first to get it. Nobody

remembered afterward whether she had flung her arms about

Phil's neck as Judith had done. She appeared to laugh and cry

at the same time in sheer gratitude, and yet not with any suggestion of weakness.

"You've been so good to us,"she cried gratefully.

"And Judith sends you word that you are to have your old home back again. I gave it to her, you know. Now you can

live across the lawn from each other as you used to do."

Then the first cloud shaded the light. Edna looked at John

and he looked at her. Edna was the first to speak.

"It's so good of Judith and you, and I hate to have to refuse. But John and I have been talking things over together.

There's a Intle family of children that were orphaned a few days ago, a boy of twelve, a girl of fourteen, and two little ones.

I knew their father and mother well and found the children quite forlorn today. They seemed to take to me and I promised

to adopt them. We are all going out to the little place where

John and I spent our honeymoon. We are to have a little

tea room and garden for automobilists or passers by. The boy is

used to milking and taking care of a garden. The daughter

?eems delighted at the thought of helping me. Together we can

make enough, perhaps, to live on till John can come to us. I'll

have some one to love and work for out there, so it won't be lonely while we are waiting. I want to go back to the peace and

comfort of grandfather's slowticking clock. No hurry, no

worry! Apples and vegetables in the cellar, the good, old cellar!

A cow in the barn! Chickens to feed and children to feed them.

The clean, beautiful litter of doll parasols! Long, lovely evenings to read and sing and dream! We are going to fill each

moment so full that the time will speed till John cornea. Then

we'll be happy together and forget everything that is past."

"We'll get him back to you as soon as we can,"Phil assured her.

Here John interposed, "I hope you won't think me an unHEARTS AND HOLLYHOCKS 789

grateful wretch, Phil,"he said humbly. "I've been a weak,

sniveling schoolboy long enough. I ought to have faced this

I'll not say that. A manthing long ago. To shield Edna—no,

should be captain of his soul. It is the set of the soul that sets

the sail! I've fallen, Phil, and I must rise and get up, too, without help. I must pay the price. I've 'been baffled to fight

better.'"John, surely you are not refusing—"Edna cut in tremulously.

"I must, dear, every accountant in the country might excuse himself because of me. Every man unjustly imprisoned

would be embittered because I had been unjustly freed. Help

cut the sentence down a little if you wish. But the law must be

upheld as long as it is the law. Some there are who belong

here, unfortunately. Some need a physician. Others should

have a helping hand; and there are those whose need is for right

education and vocational training. Judges are only human,

sometimes hurried and sometimes preoccupied.If all were judged

with the 'minds of ten men and the heart of one woman,'many might not be here at all. 'Am I my brother's keeper?'must mean

something to humanity some day. Call this our mission. I

wouldn't have chosen my part, perhaps. But if you two will

work on the outside, we ought to be able to help some less fortunate than I."

The sheriff and Phil grasped John's hand in silent appreciation of the sacrifice his new found manhood was ready to make.

Edna, smiling through her tears, signified her approval, even though it deprived her of his presence for a few years.

"I understand how you feel, John,"Phil said as he turned to go. "But just the same, if I can, we'll cut the sentence down.

I need you. The business needs you. You must help me carry

out those plans you made for the workmen years ago. You have

something that I only began groping toward this evening."

"Perhaps it's humanity, Phil. I suppose one of the objects

of living is to teach us that; and suffering seems the only way.

There must be a purpose back of all this. I've got to seek it

out and fulfil it to the uttermost."

"You can count on us both,"the sheriff assured John.

"Maybe I'd better stay in the harness, if they still want me. 1

had resigned, you know. But you've set me thinking. Maybe

bringing men in, is the least of my duties. I believe I always

felt a little superior to the men I brought in until I had to get you. But you always did pity the under dog."

"I may have pitied them, but I never understood them before, and really sympathized. To be honest, I think there was

always a shade of contempt in my pity, till those two years 790 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as an underdog among the underdogs of New York, when I felt their fine humanity. And then here! It was really here I found

my soul. I've been thinking tonight, after Edna made her plan

and so left me free to pay my price, perhaps there is something unplumbed still in that wonderful saying of the greatest "of all humanitarians, 'He who loseth his life shall find it.'

John's voice choked on the last words, and the sheriff and

Phil went considerably outside and waited for Edna.

"I'm proud of you, dear,"she said as she kissed him goodbetter'."bye. "We'll both have to be brave—and 'fight

(The End)

An Old, Black Crow

An old black crow On our bleak fence row Sang "Caw, caw, caw;"

And the wintry wind was raw;

The sleety snow with the wind did blow,

But "Caw, caw, caw,''Though the winter wind did gnaw,

Sang that queer old crow on our fence row.

And his voice was hoarse For his song, of course, Was crude, and harsh, and slow,

And one lone tune he seemed to know.

That same old crow, On the same fence row, Sings, "Caw, caw, caw,"Now the Spring's soft breezes thaw,

His tune's unchanged, His feathers arranged As when the north wind blew, And he seems the same all through.

Now, say, are you The same all through, As seasons come and go, As does the summer and the snow?

I hear a, "No."

Then my old crow Is wiser far than we, In that he'll change not easily.

Alan C. Reidpath

Belleisle, Can.

A Relic of Gadianton: Old Posey as I

Knew Him

By Albert R. Lyman, of the Presidency of the San Juan Stake, and Author of

"Voice of the Intangible"

Pardon the vertical pronoun; this account is based on forty

years'acquaintance with Posey himself, and parts of it may be told to better advantage in the first person singular. Right

here it should be clearly understood that no hatred, nor anything akin to it, prompts this writing, which must of necessity touch only the high places in a long and interesting career.

Posey was born about sixty years ago. When he arrived in

San Juan, a tiny brown papoose, the will and wishes of his people constituted the supreme law of the land, unless they failed to agree with one another. He grew up to regard himself

as an important judge in the court of last resort, and he regarded the rugged rocks of his beloved San Juan as the means by which his decisions were to be enforced.

From the time that his fierce ancestors, of the Gadianton persuasion, swept their pale brethren from the two Americas, his people had known no law, but in idleness had contrived to live by plundering their neighbors. Posey inherited the instinct of this business from robbers of many generations. The

old Piutes in San Juan still boast of how they raided the Navajos and stole their women, pointing out many a pass where they waylaid them with telling slaughter. From such exploits

they returned exulting, and in safety, to the defenses of their chosen retreats in San Juan.

Grass grew high on the hills when Posey was young; deer,

beaver and other game could be easily found, and the Piutes lived on the fat of their splendid isolation. In the mountains

a hundred miles to the east a few adventurous cowmen had made claim to ranchsites, and off across the Colorado, to the west and north, lay the scattered "Mormon"settlements. But

the country now comprising San Juan county contained wonderful retreats over whose dim trails white men had never found their way.

In the latter 70's cowmen came with their cattle into the east side of the county, and not only because they carried guns, 792 IMPROVEMENT ERA

but also because they boasted of some intangible force behind them which they called Uncle Sam, they became a threat and a menace to Piute supremacy in San Juan.

These are the monsters with which Posey fought the dream battles of his youth, the invaders against which he fortified his later years. There is no reason to doubt he took part in the

fight in La Sal Mountain, and that he was a valiant bra\e at Soldier Crossing. He did not think proper at all times to

admit it, but to expect a youth of his fire to refrain is expecting too much. You and I would re been right there, under

the same circumstances, unless, indeed, we had lacked the sand or the tribal devotion.

In 1880, the "Mormon"colony settled at Bluff, a plump

Blanding natural bridge. Situated in West Water Gulch, a little way

below where the Indians were casmped when the fight began.

hundred miles from any other town, and almost as far from any permanent human dwelling. Having come in response to a

call from their Church leaders to encourage friendly relations with the Indians, they raised at once the standard of peace, and the Piutes discovered they could be robbed without fear of any such severity as they had learned to expect from the cowmen. The settlers talked, it is true, about the intangible

Uncle Sam, but due to their isolation, their fewness in numbers, and more still to their peaceful mission in the country, they made slow haste towards legal action against the Indians.

Posey soon grew strong in his belief that the settlers were his prey, in spite of themselves, and in spite of the immaterial law behind them* Before I knew his sombre face from the faces of the other Piutes, I knew his reputation from hearing

A RELIC OF GADIANTON 793 my father tell of taking our horses from him at various times.

I was still in my tender years when I made Posey's personal acquaintance; it was at the head of Peavine Canyon on

Elk Mountain, when his camp was within a stone's throw of ours.

No childish prejudice prevented my standing around his smoky fire to look and listen with his own halfclothed children, imbibing the strange fancies of their wild freedom. Neither their

ignorance, their superstition nor their filth, concealed the real charm of life as they lived it; such extravagant liberties—such

novel partnership with the wind and the flowers and the trees!

No hands of a clock disturbed their composure, and "thou shalt not,"never entered so much as their dreams. I was

captivated; I wanted my father to confirm a whispered report

that I had a distant Indian ancestor.

Scotty lived with his brother Posey then, as he has ever since, till the present trouble. How they came to camp in the

gray dawn with their "kill"of deer across their saddles; how

they helped us catch wild horses, gave us samples of their saltless dried venison, studying our lives and telling about their own, are matters too lengthy for this story. But Posey's winning

young squaw should be mentioned, also his two little boys, his old father, Cheerpoots, who herded and milked the goats; and

their genial camp where they prepared their food, their medicines, their buckskin, and where they sang to keep on good terms with the god of fat game and good hunting.

Posey traded us a sorrel pony for a broncho mare, but a few weeks later the pony was replevined by a Navajo from whom it had been stolen.

Soon after we parted at Peavine, Posey killed his squaw, the mother of two little boys. I shall not say, as her people declared at the time, that the shooting was intentional, and done

in a fit of anger. So far as I know it was but a terrible accident

for which Posey paid dearly; not because of the twelve horses

her brother Poke required as a sort of fine, but because he was a long time in exile, and griefstricken over her loss. Besides that,

he was required to marry another certain one of Poke's sisters who, even though the killing were intentional, has no doubt exacted a substantial installment of the price justice demands.

The phase of that tragedy which appealed to me, and which i& still indelibly impressed in my memory, is the burning of the unfortunate woman's body. Prompted by a prying curiosity, I

went with two other youngesters to visit the cave where the fire had been burning twentyfour hours, and the old Piute, discovering our unwarranted trespass, rode up between us and our horses and gave us a desperate chase. I feel today the positive effect of that ordeal in my lungs, but I forgave Posey long

794 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ago, having seen the game from his angle.

When he came back from that exile, he stole horses unfailingly, and faithfully, and successfully for ten years. Many a

thrilling story could be told about it, but what concerns us is that he "got off with it,"proved Uncle Sam's government in San

Juan an easy and harmless adversary, and flattered himself that Gadianton still reigned supreme.

Top: Peavine Corral, near the head of Peavine Canyon on the Elk

Mountain. Posey and Scotty helped capture many a wild band of horses

in this corral, and proved here their fine skill with a lasso rope.

Bottom: A view of the Bear's Ears, on Elk Mountain, looking south.

I was moving a herd of cattle across Elk Mountain, and found myself without enough help to go on; worse still, due to

some poison herb, we left several carcasses on our bedground every morning. Something had to happen at once. Knowing

Posey claimed Long Point as a horse ranch, I went there hop-

A RELIC OF GADIANTON 795

ing to find him. Discovering a fresh track I followed it post

haste and overtook Posey's boy riding one of my horses. Considering only the value of the cattle I represented, I swallowed

my wrath, pretending not to recognize the horse, and tried to empley the boy, but had to accept his assurance that his father would join me in the evening.

Posey never looked more acceptable than when he rode up

Kigaly Draw in the early dusk with a quarter of venison and an extra horse. As a cowboy he filled the bill to a "t."He

could cook, find horses in the early morning, drive cows, see tracks, detect sounds in the darkness, and do everything the job required. As company, in leisure moments, around the fire

and around the herd, he never grew dull, and the strange charm of his life appealed to me the more. I hated the thought, ever

intruding on my mind, that my horse in his possession must become a troublesome interruption to the friendship we seemed to be building. I resolved not to mention the matter till within

safe distance of my destination for fear he might quit abruptly and leave me in the lurch.

When within two miles of L C ranch, I asked what he knew about my brown horse. Nothing; he hadn't seen him for a long

time, and his pretended innocence was so complete with tone and gesture that I would have accepted it if I had not known

I meant busbetter. But I did know better—I was not angry,

iness, I wanted my horse, and I meant to have him. Posey's

countenance fell; the very idea that I should pretend any

friendship and at the same time challenge his sovereign right to steal horses But he didn't quit. Instead he "stuck closer than a brother"

till he received his check, for he feared the brown horse was to enter unpleasantly into the settlement. With his name and the

amount safely written on the "pamacahre,"he tucked it into his greasy old trousers, mounted his cayuse with outraged expression, and disappeared up L C trail. He got the brown horse

without delay and sold it to a Navajo.

When the brown horse was duly replevined from the

Navajo, and the latter demanded the return of its value from

Posey, it is not at all surprising that Posey should appropriate another of my horses. This time he cut out the brand, which

didn't prevent the animal being readily recognized and taken from him without ceremony.

This procedure was rather sudden for fourteen hundred years of untamed Gadiantonism, and Posey's wrath mounted above fever heat while he breathed out terrible threats, declaring incidentally that I would soon disappear from the earth. I

put the case before Kumen Jones, Francis Nielson and other 796 IMPROVEMENT ERA

A group of Piutes at the base of the cliff just north of the bluff, the view northeast. The lone finger standing up behind them, reaches

a dizzy height.

conservative men, asking whether I should swear out a complaint and have him arrested. They advised for two reasons to

desist: First: it was hardly in keeping with the peace policy

we had pursued; and who was I, that I should not suffer the

things my father and others had suffered a long time patiently?

Second: We were few in number, a big per cent of our men

and boys away from town, and fifty miles to the first outside help.

Posey had long doted on the peace policy of the "Mormon"settlement, and he figured that nothing they had in the shape of written law was as positive as the figthing spirit to which his soul harked back through a long line of untamed ancestors.

He meant to teach the meek settlers what manner of stock he represented, and proceeding with great dignity into the orchards and gardens, he helped himself to peaches and melons.

He took care, however, to select homes from which the men and big boys were away, and he terrified the women and children with threats and insults.

The wise men of the town reconsidered. "Stealing our

horses and butchering our cattle is one thing,"they said, "but terrifying our women and children is a different matter; and

since we can reach Posey more easily on your charge of stealing horses, we think you should swear out a complaintF and go8 ahead.", This is not a story of adventure, but no one in the little

A RELIC OF GADIANTON 797

company who went with that warrant to Posey's camp, could cover the snappy particulars of their trip in an account of this length. But they marched him out, kicking and fighting in

the handcuffs, and took him and his belligerent squaw into town.

It became my bad fortune to be further mixed up in this unpleasant affair when the county attorney, finding it inconvenient to attend, insisted that I take his place at the preliminary hearing in the Justice's Court. Posey took this to indicate me as

the main one causing him so much trouble, and cherished revenge accordingly.

After being bound over to appear in the district court, and before he could be removed to the county jail, he broke from the sheriff; and, joining his people waiting with fresh horses

in the willows, made good his escape in spite of the posse which followed. And then again to make the matter vital to me, and

write the name of Posey indelibly on my memory, he made straight for my cattle range near the junction of the San Juan and the Colorado, and sent word that he would make of me a feast for the coyotes when I visited my cattle again.

His stay in, and my unavoidable visits to that quarter, were full of thrills for us both, but again the story must be abridged.

He hid there in fear, preserving a constant vigil day and night till his nerves became rickety, and he sent word asking that we drop the charge and let him return.

Would we forgive him? Surely. We jumped at the hope

that he had learned the first essential for enjoying freedom that he had taken the first step to live in peace as we sought it. But he hadn't. Our rights and our liberty were guaranteed

to us by our obedience to law, and we loved and obeyed it for that reason. Posey hated it. It had appeared as a black cloud

on the horizon of his Gadianton life, it had taken positive form, dragged him from his wickiup and condemned him in one of its lower courts, all for living the sovereign life his ancestors had lived without successful challenge. He brooded over it day

and night.

But he did more than brood: he ascertained the general

small calibre of the white man's gun, and determined to have something greater. So he traveled afar till he got the desired

artillery and a big pile of cartridges, and then he became more chesty and insolent than before.

Hearing that Poke's boy, TseNe-Gat, was charged with the murder of Juan Chacon and likely to be arrested, Posey cherished the big gun in great anticipation. But besides the gun

he had another trick to play, and when the marshal's posses appeared he rode up under cover of a white flag and shot Jose 798 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Cordova through the body before his treachery was detected.

Then the posse discovered the calibre and his rifle, and had to arm themselves accordingly before going on with the fight.

The story of Poke and Posey, and how General Hugh L.

Scott induced them and their sons to surrender, is quite generally known, having been given wide publicity at the time. They all

went out, as they supposed, to be tried, but they all came back exonerated of blame, and more or less famous for what seemed to a misinformed public to be a heroic part. Posey interpreted the affair as the government's official recognition of

his right to do as he pleased. When people questioned his

conduct, he gae them to understand that behind him was

Uncle Sam in general, and General Scott in particular.

This is not intended to reflect discredit on General Scott, whose motives were the admiration of all who understood them. But Posey failed to grasp the magnitude of the General's effort, and to know that the General's watchword is

obedience and devotion to Uncle Sam.

And then an Indian Rights man, hunting for a certain kind of story, and determined to steer clear of anything else, came quietly into the country, sought out Posey, and went back to the east to publish a highly colored and misleading article.

People read this account with hateful feelings towards the white settlers of San Juan, and sent frequent words of encouragement to the Piute outlaw. If they had been compelled to live

near him long at a time they would surely have found it im* possible to live at peace with a neighbor who claims immunity from the law.

With this flattering assurance of support from the outside, Posey took heart to get another long range gun and cartridges galore, and became a chronic agitator among his people, a factor for anything but good citizenship. He declared that no white man's bullet could kill him, that if it

were aimed straight at him it would turn around him or fall harmless to the ground. His oldest son declared in disgust he

was crazy; and Poke also gave him up as an unprofitable associate.

On the nineteenth of March, the present year, 1 was asked by the Piutes to defend two of their young men charged with robbing a sheep camp at the point of a gun. Posey appeared

before court opened; and, as it proceeded, his hatred for law

and courts became more and more apparent. Though the

defendants were not his kindred, he watched the damaging e\ idence presented against them, and betrayed his "legaphobia"by grunts and exclamations of unrest.

Sentence had not been passed when court adjourned for din-

A RELIC OF GADIANTON 799 ner, but the defendants broke from Sheriff Oliver whom they tried to kill, failing only through the faulty action of the gun they wrenched from his hand. Then with the men of Blanding

gathering in haste with their ordinary rifles, Posey conducted the retreat of the outlaws, using his highpower weapons to the

2L * ** 4Mb* B TT B8VJSH jf * S*TH| l* VJ uV a. *ii WW? k

SB -- <i.

Hrj.

"4 *){(jfKis 14 11 Lv9to-* tflBP 'B f * r*F wrfj

r

T7ie o7< warrior Posey, to the left; and Governor

Charles R. Mabey, to the right. The picture ivas taken

during a former uprising of the Indians in San Juan county.

best of his ability. One of his bullets, intended to clear the seat

of Edson Black's car which was outrunning the Utes down the country, missed its mark by eight inches. Eight inches ahead

800 IMPROVEMENT ERA

of where it crashed into the car, it would have pierced three men through the bowels. This is but one instance in the fight,

which indicates Posey's unshaken belief that the war gods of

Gadianton were fighting in his favor.

But he had carried the game too far. He had incited the

young men to break away, had assured them he would make good their escape, and though it was no business of his, he had led in the fight through nothing but his unyielding hatred of law.

Early in the skirmish one of the defendants, Joe Bishop's boy, was shot dead; and somewhat later, Posey received two

wounds, both of which might have been treated successfully if he had surrendered. Dropping out of the fight he took refuge

in a cave, perhaps expecting to recover, but determined the settlers should not know their bullets had found him. When the

rest of his people surrendered and came to town, he still waited in his cave, west of Comb Wash. Later when his son and another Piute were taken by a posse to help find him, the Ute

boys carried the wounded man a supply of food, but kept his whereabouts a secret from the posse.

Then the search was believed Posey had delayed—people

gone to Navajo Mountain, and the Piutes in the stockade in

Blanding kept their secret while weary weeks passed away. And

the old warrior waited alone, pacing the entire area of his limited field, for he had no horse and his strength began to fail.

He built signal fires again and again, but they attracted no one.

He mounted the rock above him and scanned the country by day and by night; no welcome smoke nor glimmer met his

gaze, and no sound broke the hush of his solitary doom. The

poison of his wounds grew worse, he became helpless and died, waiting and hoping for relief.

When the hunt began again, the Indians, still acting for the government, went straight to the cave fearing the worst, and finding Posey dead, made known the place of his concealment. If they had but done so before, he would have

received medical attention. No right thinking person can take

pleasure in contemplating the pain and anguish the misguided old chieftain must have suffered.

But there was to be no mistake about his identity: his

body was exhumed twice after burial, examined and photographed by men who knew him well. And all around it was

the little area he had patted hard with his pacing up and down.

The ashes of his signal fires proved that he had burned them in no less than twenty places. He had carried in his hand a stick

with which he marked on and tamped every inch of earth within reach of his resting places. On one of his lookouts he had

A RELIC OF GADIANTON 801

gouged out a rude seat and in it had sat for what must have seemed ages to him.

Posey, though fitted by nature to take a useful part in human affairs, was yet a "spoiled child,"the victim of a wrong conception of human rights. He believed that the old style

tribe, with its war paint and its fixed resistance, could overpower the excellent agencies of modern democracy, and he died trying to prove it.

Blanding, Utah

Posey's squaw waiting with the horses while her husband did some trading. Picture taken in 1907.

May I Ne'er be Ungrateful

When to the throne of grace I go

And meet my record here below,

Ah, many failings I shall see,

For man can never perfect be.

But there is one sin Lord, I pray

May ne'er be held 'gainst me that day;

Though even this thou may'st forgive,

I pray thee, Lord that while I live,

I may never be ungrateful.

Helen Kimball Orgill Raymond, Canada The Egotist

By H. L. Johnston

"My boy, you are starting out to win your way in the world. You

will find pitfalls and temptations around every corner in) your path through life. One of these temptations will be the lure of money, another thj

power of position, and. perhaps the greatest of all these evils is the smug

blinding idea of ego or belief in your own individual self.

"My boy, always remember that selfconfidence is a very good quality to fin..l in a man, but when it blinds him to the fact that self confidence

in reality comes through asking and receiving this gift from God, then it becomes a great evil and breaks one of the ten commandments, for he is a worshiper of a false god—himself."

These words uttered by my aged father years ago now persisted in ringing in my ears as I lay gazing into the starlit heavens from my blanket onj the windswept sands of a California desert.

It had been a day of bitter disappointment and I had been voicing my troubles to my solitary companion, Silent Terry, known all over the mining districts of eastern California.

Silent Terry had prospected since a young man of thirty. He

was now old and grizzled, bent and stiffened, but his years of solitude, close to the works of God had made him a philosopher.

It was seldom that Silent Terry said much, but on rare occlasions he talked and then it seemed as if the floodgates had been opened and wisdom came from his lips in a veritable torrent.

He listened patiently as I talked in my egotistical manner, hour after hour. At last he showed signs of life, and grunting,

he sat up and said:

"Harrington, I understand from your talk that you have been the late Superintendent of the Ajax Quarries."

"Yes.""And that you have been discharged because the 'coyote'you placed in the tunnel didn't pan out the way you thought it would. Go ahead and tell me all about it."

"Well, Silent, three months ago the Ajax came to the conclusion that they would tunnel from the lov/er quarry to the upper one, place a carload of powder or so in the tunnel, key it, and thus blow the two quarries together. There was a solid wall

of granite between the two places and if the thing was worked right this wall would be broken up into three of four ton boulders which they intended to ship to the San Pedro breakwater.

Then the two quarries would be made into one and much time and labor saved, not to mention a lot of money.

They sent for me. Of course, I could do it, and soon told

them so. I was so confident in myself that I wrote into the

THE EGOTIST 803

contract that in case of failure I would forfeit the two thousand dollars they offered me to do the work. There wasn't a thing

about that 'coyote'that I didn't know about, and I started to work on it the very next morning."

"Did you ask help from anyone?'asked Silent.

"Who would I ask?"I queried.

"God,"he answered.

"Pooh. Why should I ask. Him? I wasn't needing any help

from anyone. I have a diploma from one of the biggest engineering schools in the country,"I replied.

"Yes, I understand, but He is one of the greatest of engineers."

"Oh, I see,"I jeered, "but tell me, what did he have to do with this 'coyote'?"

"We'll see later. Go ahead with your story."

"I worked two months in that tunnel, Silent. I put in

nearly two carloads of blasting powder, wedged and keyed it with tons of concrete, ran a big bunch of electric wires through the concrete to my blasting battery so as to have all the shots fire at once, and at seven o'clock that evening I confidently pushed down the lever and the blast was off.

"There came a roar and a shock that was terrific. It threw

me off my feet. When the rocks had quit falling and the

smoke and dust had cleared away. I walked over to where the

tunnel had been to view my workmanship. What I saw made

me sick. "There had been ten hoisting derricks in the upper, and eight in the lower, quarry. These had been blown to bits and

ruined. Forty cars, sent out by the railroad for the next day's

loading had been reduced to twisted hulks of steel, but when

I looked at what was left of the rock barrier, my heart sank

1 there wasn't a saleable rockinto my shoes, and I stole aWay, for left of the wall, just a shattered pile of ruined granite.

"The Ajax fired me, of course, and here I am with you.

I'm broke all right, but nothing in the world can keep me down.

We'll be looking at that old mine of yours tomorrow, and I can tell you in thirty minutes just what she is worth."

"Is that so?"mumbled Silent,

"Why, yes, Silent. That's what, you hired me for, isn't it?"

"Yes. Harrington. I hired you to look the old mine over

but I've just about come to the conclusion that you think you know too much. I'd rather have a man who isn't so allfired

sure of himself. Say, son, will you get sore at me if I try and

teach you a little lesson?"

I was puzzled and a little bit worried by Silent's change of mind, but I reasoned that perhaps his years on the desert had 804 IMPROVEMENT ERA

made him a little queer; anyway, even if he was criticizing and

doubting my knowledge, I must humor him, for I really needed his money, so I replied: "No, I won't get sore. Go ahead. I'm

listening."

Silent thought for a few moments, then asked:

"Why didn't Germany win the war?"

"Oh, that's easy. Because she was on the wrong side."

"Do you think that anyone in the world could have convinced the kaiser that he wasn't powerful enough to ride roughshod over every nation on earth?"

"I guess not."

"Well, the Kaiser was a victim of ego. He thought of nothing but himself, his army of trained men, his great iron ships.

They were the false god he worshiped. Where is he now? An

ruined."exile—his beloved empire

I thought for a moment or two and then muttered: "Oh, I

see. "Harrington, there was the biggest case of ego the world has ever seen. There was a speedy fall. Now I want you to

understand that I am not trying to compare you with the exruler of Germany, but I am of the opinion, that you think only of yourself and your own power, and that you are blind to the fact that all great things are accomplished with the help of the

Eternal God above. A man must have trust and faith in God

before he can have any degree of confidence in himself. God

gives everything asked for in humility, and again God takes things away. It is past our understanding; but, Harrington, if

you had been humble and had faith in God there is a chance that he would have so directed you that the 'Coyote'would not have been a failure. Instead you exalted yourself and your fall

was great, wasn't it?"

I was angry and did not answer.

"Take a look into the heaven,"continued Silent. "See those

wonderful stars, that beautiful moon, those great and glorius mountains in the distance. Can't you ask yourself the question

that we find in Psalms 8 = 3, 4, which goes like this * * * 'When I consider thy heavens, the work of thy fingers, the moon and the stars, wlrch thou hast ordained; what is man, that thou

are mindful of him.'Can you see, my boy, that you are

indeed luckv if God even notices who think you are you—youso wonderful?"

It was then that the words spoken by my father, so many years before started ringing in my ears For a lona; time I wa3

silent and then arose to my feet and grasped Silent Terry's toilstained hand. Tears dimmed my eyes, and I was not ashamed of them for once in my life. At last I found myself murTHE EGOTIST 805

muring: "Silent, you have opened my eyes. I would indeed be

lucky if God so much as gave me a passing thought!"

Delta, Utah

Rainbow Bill

Clean and strong and versatile But they didn't get the gun,

Is our schoolmate Rainbow Bill Neither did they stage the fight.

All the colors of his name Bill had spoiled our little fun

Glow with no uncertain flame And impair'd our sense of sight.

Where the gem of honor lies, Though our heads and hearts were sore

In his dark, expressive eyes. When we came from Temple Hill,

All the sports on Temple Hill We have never asked for more

Love the name of Rainbow Bill. At the hands of Rainbow Bill.

He's as peaceful as a lamb, He's as peaceful as a lamb,

And as gentle as a dove; And as gentle as a dove;

He can take his share of slam He can take his share of slam

From the boys who have his love. From the boys who have his love.

You may fool him many times You may fool him many times

And retain his friendship still, And retain his friendship still,

But I warn you, in my rhymes, But I warn you, in my rhymes,

Trifle not with Rainbow Bill. Trifle not with Rainbow Bill.

Once we form'd an honor ring, Rainbow heard the bugle call,

And went out to haze a thing And his face grew stern and white,

That had skulked and run away While his stature straight and tall

From his class on Founders'Day. Seem'd to tower to greater height.

When the fun was at its height, "In the name of liberty"

And the signal flash'd for fight, How our leaping spirits thrill

Someone shouted, "Peace, be still! As we listen'd to the vow

Let me speak for Rainbow Bill!"Of our schoolmate Rainbow Bill

But we answer'd "Coward, back!""In the name of liberty!

And our Captain Stanley Black, In the name of God I stand

Struck young Rainbow in the face, To defend the Banner free

And he grovell'd in disgrace That is waving o'er our land!"

In disgrace, but not for long, Then he slowly marched away

For the man was young and strong, Down the slope of Temple Hill.

Even now I feel the thrill We could only proudly say,

That was staged by Rainbow Bill. "God be with you, Rainbow Bill!"

To his feet he quickly springs; It may be the marble bust

With a hammerblow he brings Of the Unknown Soldier brave

Stanley writhing at his feet Now commemorates the dust

Then, defiant, turns to meet And the life that Rainbow gave.

Badger Wolf, and Tiger Brown Fierce and fiendish gods of war

Both of whom had won renown, Crush'd his body, not his will,

And were eager for the mill For no shot nor shell could mar

That would finish Rainbow Bill. The immortal Ranbow Bill.

Colors red and green and blue When the drums shall cease to beat

Were presented to the view And the battleflags are furled

Of the fighters, great and small. When the waves of war retreat

One by one our heroes fall From the shores of all the world,

Some had fought and run away. May the Flag Without A Stain

They would come some other day To all nations flash the thrill

Or would get a gun and kill That it flashed into the brain

The archdemon Rainbow Bill. Of our schoolmate, Rainbow Bill.

Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah Alfred Osmond

A Pioneer Incident In the Life of Moses Monroe Curtis, of Pima, Arizona

By S. C. Richardson

In Provo, in 1853, just after the people began to move from the fort out on their little places, happened an incident that I think has never been written, though I am sure a few people will yet remember it.

Bears were plentiful, and wolves howled on all sides.

It was said the Indians would not kill a wolf, as they called them the "Great Spirit's dogs."

To show how plentiful they were, one evening just before going to bed, a neighbor sister went down into a half underground cellar.

Seeing a large animal inside, she quickly pulled the door too, and called her husband, who caught up his rifle and killed it, a large bear that had been helping himself to the provision they had put up for winter.

One night, ISister Farr, hearing a great noise among her chickens ran to the coop, when a large wolf bounded out, snapping at her as it passed.

Luckily it missed her body, but tore a great hole in her dress, as it went by.

Sheep and pigs even, had to be shut in high walls to keep them from being killed.

With such a picture of the scenes of those days, one can better appreciate the anxiety of the people, in the following remarkable incident.

A Brother Thomas, who married one of the Turner girls, had two children, a little girl and a boy, who would often go for a ride, out to the corn field about a mile and a half east of their home. So often would the father take them in the

morning to have a ride back at noon on a big load of corn, that when one Thursday afternoon they were gone, the mother, after enquiring if they were at the home of one or two of the neighbors without finding them, concluded they had gone back with their father for another load.

Just after dark as the people were gathering for the usual

Thursday evening testimony and prayermeeting, the father came, but alone. The children had not been with him.

The word went out immediately that the children had been

A PIONEER INCIDENT 807

gone since noon, and nearly every man and boy in town joined in the search party.

With pitchpine torches, they spread in a line, and started towards the field, having no idea but that they had gone after their father.

Backward and forward went the string of men in ever widening circles, every little while shuddering at the awful sound of coyotes.

About two o'clock many of the searchers came back to the house where a number of the older people had gathered for prayer in behalf of the little ones.

Moses Curtis, father of the above, wrought up to the highest tension, stcod joining in heartfelt prayer, when a voice said, "Moses, go straight north, quick."

He looked around. There was no one near. He could

hardly credit his senses.

The voice spoke again. "Go, quick, straight north. Speak

to no one. Take no one with you. Go, quick."

There was no one by him.

A third time the voice urged before he recovered enough to grasp his rifle and start.

As fast as he could go in the pitchy darkness, wildly straining every nerve; stumbling, but prayerfully hurrying.

About a mile and a half from the house, in another cornfield, he was suddenly stopped by a moan, and almost at his feet lay the little girl between two rows.

He caught her to his breast, and asked where her little brother was.

"Oh, he went home a long time ago,"and she nestled in his arms.

A few hundred yards towards home he went, so dark scarcely a thing could be seen, when he stumbled upon the little boy, lying asleep in another corn row.

A rifle shot having been agreed upon as the signal that they were found, it was quickly fired.

It brought help, and soon the little ones were in their mother's arms, and a comforting, abiding testimony ever in the heart of Grandpa Curtis.

The children may yet be alive, but surely there are still people living there who will testify that he was led to the little ones, though they may not know the circumstances.

All who know him will declare that his word is absolutely reliable, so that when he recounted his past, we could have no doubt in regard to it.

Thatcher, Arizona Fundamentals of Prosperity What They Are And Whence They Came

By Roger W. Babson, President Babson Statistical Organization

Foreword

Some two thousand years ago the greatest teacher who ever walked the earth advised the people of Judea not to build their houses on the sand. What he had in mind was that they were

looking too much to the structure above ground, and too little to the spiritual forces which m,ust be the foundation of any structure which is to stand. Following the war we enjoyed the

greatest prosperity this country has ever greatwitnessed;—the

est activity, the greatest bank clearings, the greatest foreign trade, the greatest railroad gross earnings, the highest commodity prices.

We then constructed a tenstory building on a foundation meant for only a two or three story building. Hence the problem confronting us business men is to strengthen the foundation

or else see the structure fall. I am especially glad of the opportunity to write for business men. There are two reasons:—

first, because I feel that the business men are largely responsible for having this tenstory structure on a foundation made for one of only two or three stories; secondly, because I believe such

men alone have the vision, the imagination and the ability to strengthen the foundation and prevent the structure from falling.

The fact is, we have become crazy over material things. We

are looking only at the structure above ground. We are trying to get more smoke from the chimney. We are looking at

space instead of service, at profits instead of volume. With our

eyes focused on the structure above ground, we have lost sight of those human resources, thrift, invagination, integrity, vision and faith which make the structure possible. I feel that only by

the business men can this foundation be strengthened before the inevitable fall comes.

When steel rails were selling at $55 a ton, compared with only $25 a ton a few years previous, our steel plants increased their capacity twentyfive per cent. Increased demand, you

*Copyright by Fleming H. Revell Company. Reprinted by Permission

from Fundamentals of Prosperity, by Roger W. Babson,

FUNDAMENTALS OF PROSPERITY 809

say? No, the figures don't show it. Only thirtyone million

tons were produced in 1919, compared with thirtynine million tens in 1916. People have forgotten the gospel of service. The

producing power per man has fallen off from fifteen to twenty per cent. We have all been keen on developing consumption.

We have devoted ninetenths of our thought, energy and effort to developing consumption. This message is to beg of every

reader to give more thought to developing production, to the reviving of a desire to produce and the realization of joy in production.

We are spending millions and millions in every city to develop the goodwill of customers, to develop in customers a desire to buy. This is all well and good, but we can't continue

to go in one direction indefinitely. We cannot always get steam

out of the boiler without feeding the furnace. The time has

come when in our own interests, in the interests of our communities, our industry, and of the nation itself, for a while we must stop adding more stories to this structure. Instead, we

must strengthen the foundations upon which the entire structure rests.

R. W. B.

I Honesty or Steel Doors?

While fiftyone per cent of the people have their eyes on the goal of integrity, our investments are secure; but with fiftyone per cent of them

headed in the wrong direction, our investments are valueless. The first

fundamental of prosperity is Integrity.

While on a recent visit to Chicago, I was taken by the president of one of the largest banks to see his new safety deposit presidentsvaults. He described these—as bank will—as the

largest and most marvelous vaults in the city. He expatiated on

the heavy steel doors and the various electrical and mechanical contrivances which protect the stocks and bonds deposited in the institution.

While at the bank a person came in to rent a box. He

made the arrangements for the box, and a box was handed to him. In it he deposited some stocks and bonds which he took

from his pocket. Then the clerk who had charge of the vaults

went to a rack on the wall and took out a key and gave it to the man who had rented the box. The man then put the box

into one of the little steel compartments, shut the door and turned the key. He then went away feeling perfectly secure on

account of those steel doors and various mechanical and electrical contrivances existing to protect his wealth.

I did not wish to give him a sleepless night so I said 810 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nothing; but I couldn't help thinking how easy it would have

been for that poorlypaid, humpbacked clerk to make a duplicate of that key before he delivered it to the renter of that box. With such a duplicate, the clerk could have made that man

penniless within a few minutes after he had left the building.

The great steel door and the electrical and mechanical contrivances would have been absolutely valueless.

Of course the point I am making is that the real security which that great bank in Chicago had to offer its clientele lay not in the massive stone columns in front of its structure; nor

in the heavy steel doors; nor the electrical and mechanical

its clerks. absolute integrity—ofcontrivances.honesty—the The real strength of that institution rested in the

That afternoon I was talking about the matter with a business man. We were discussing securities, earnings and capitalization. He seemed greatly troubled by the mass of figures before him. I said to him: "Instead of pawing over these earnings and striving to select yourself the safest bond, you will do

better to go to a reliable banker or bondhouse and lea\e the decision with him."

"Why,"he said, "I couldn't do that."

"Mr. Jones,"I went on, "tell me the truth! After you

buy a bond or a stock certificate, do you ever take the trouble to see if it is signed and countersigned properly? Moreover,

if you find it signed, is there any way by which you may know whether the signature is genuine or forged?"

"No,"he said, "there isn't. I am absolutely dependent on

the integrity of the bankers from whom I buy the securities."

And when you think of it, there is really no value at all in the pieces of paper which one so carefully locks up in these safety deposit boxes. There is no value at all in the bankbook

which we so carefully cherish. 'Ihere is no value at all in those

deeds and mortgages upon which we depend so completely. The

value rests first, in the integrity of the lawyers, clerks and stenographers who draw up the papers; secondly, in the integrity of the officers who sign the documents; thirdly, in the

integrity of the courts and judges which would enable us to enforce our claims; and finally, in the integrity of the community which would determine whether or not the orders, of the

court will be executed.

These things which we look upon as of great value:—the

stocks, bonds, banknotes, deeds, mortgages, insurance policies, etc., are merely nothing. While fiftyone per cent of the

people hae their eyes on the goal of Integrity, our investments are secure; but with fiftyone per cent of them headed

FUNDAMENTALS OF PROSPERITY 8li

in the wrong direction, our investments are valueless. So the

first fundamental of prosperity is integrity. Without it there is

no chilization there is no peace, there is no security, there is no safety. Mind you also that this applies just as much to the

man who is working for wages as to the capitalist and every owner of property.

Integrity, however, is very much broader than the above illustration would indicate. Integrity applies to many mere

things than to money. Integrity requires the seeking after, as

well as the dispensing of, truth. It was this desire for truth

which founded our educational institutions, our sciences and our arts. All the great professions, from medicine to engineering,

rest upon this spirit of integrity. Only as they so rest, can they

prosper or even survive.

Integrity is the mother of knowledge. The desire for truth

is the basis of all learning, the value of all experience and the reason for all study and investigation. Without integrity as

a basis, our entire educational system would fall to the ground;

all newspapers and magazines would become sources of great danger and the publication of books would have to be suppressed. Our whole civilization rests upon the assumption

that people are honest. With this confidence shaken, the structure falls. And it should fall, for, unless the truth be taught, the

nation would be much better off without its schools, newspapers, books and professions. Better have no gun at all, than

one aimed at yourself. The cornerstone of prosperity is the

stone of Integrity.

II Faith the Searchlight of Business

This religion which we talk about for an hour a week, on Sunday, is not only the vital force which protects our community, but it is the vital force which makes our communities. The power of our spiritual forces

has not yet been tapped.

About three years ago I was traveling in South America

When going from Sao Paulo up across the tablelands to Rio

Janeiro, I passed through a little povertystricken Indian village.

It was some 3,000 feet above sea level; but it was located at the

foot of a great waterpower. This waterpower, I was told,

could easily develop from 10,000 to 15,000 horsepower for twelve months of the year. At the base of this waterfall lived

these povertystricken Indians, plowing their ground with broken sticks, bringing their corn two hundred miles on their backs from the seacoast, and grinding it by hand between two stones. a little faith and vision, they could have Yet,—with

812 IMPROVEMENT ERA

developed that waterpower, even though in a most primitive manner, and with irrigation, could have made that povertystricken valley a veritable Garden of Eden. They simply lacked

faith. They lacked vision. They were unwilling, or unable,

to look ahead to do something for the next generation and trust to the Lord for the results.

I met the head man of the village and said to him: "Why

is it that you don't do something to develop this power?"

"Why, if we started to develop this thing,"he answered, "by the time we got it done, we would be dead."

Indians had lived there for the last two hundred years lacking the vision. No one in that community had the foresight or vision to think or see beyond the end of his day. It was

lack of faith which stood between them and prosperity. Hence,

the second great fundamental of prosperity is that intangible as faith, vision, hope, whatecer you may"something"—known

call it.

The writer of the Book of Proverbs says: "Where there

is no vision, the people perish."Statistics teach that where

there is no vision, civilization never gets started! The tangible

things which we prize so highly,—buildings, railroads, steamships, factories, power plants, telephones, aeroplanes, etc., are

but the result of faith and vision. These things are only symptoms of conditions, mere barometers which register the faith

and vision of mankind.

This religion which we talk about for an hour a week, on

Sunday, is not only the vital force which protects our community, but it is the vital force which makes our communities.

The power of our spiritual forces has not yet been tapped!

Our grandchildren will look back upon us and wonder why we neglected our trust and our opportunity, just as we look back on those poor Indians in Brazil who plowed with crooked sticky grinding their corn between stones and hauling it on their backs two hundred miles from the seaboard.

These statements are not the result of any special interest as a churchman. I am not a preaher. I am simply a business

man, and my work is almost wholly for bankers, brokers, manufacturers, merchants and investors. The concern with which

I am associated has one hundred and eighty people in a suburb of Boston, who are collecting, compiling and distrbuting statistics on business conditions. We have only one source of income, and that is from the clients who pay us for an analysis

of the situation. Therefore you may rest assured that it is im-

FUNDAMENTALS OF PROSPERITY 813

possible for us to do any propaganda work in the interests of any one nation, sect, religion or church. The only thing

we can give clients is a conclusion based on a diagnosis of a given situation. As probably few of you readers are clients of

ours, may I quote from a Bulletin which we recently sent to these bankers and manufacturers?

"The need of the hour is not more legislation. The need

of the hour is more religion. More religion is needed everywhere, from the halls of Congress at Washington, to the factories, the mines, the fields and the forests. It is one thing to

talk about plans or policies, but a plan or policy without a religious motive is like a watch without a spring or a body without the breath of life. The trouble, today, is that we are trying

to hatch chickens from sterile eggs. We may hae the finest

incubator in the world and operate it according to the most improved regulations—moreover, the eggs may appear

life in them all ourspecimens—but unless they have the germ of perfect

efforts are of no avail."

I have referred to the fact that the security of our investments is absolutely dependent upon the faith, the righteousness and the religion of other people. I have stated that

the real strength of our investments is due, not to the distinguished bankers of America, but rather to the poor preachers.

I now go farther than that and say that the development of the country as a whole is due to this something, this indescribable something, this combination of faith, thrift, industry, initiative, integrity and vision which these preachers have developed in their communities.

Faith and vision do not come from the wealth of a nation.

It's the faith and vision which produce the wealth. The wealth

of a countiy does not depend on its raw materials. Raw materials

are to a certain extent essential and to a great extent valuable but the nations which today are richest in raw materials are the poorest in wealth. Ea en when considering one country—the

United principle holds true. The coal and iron and States—the

copper have been here in this country for thousands of years but only within the last fifty years have they been used. Water-powers exist even today absolutely unharnessed. Look the

whole world oa er and there has been no increase in raw materials. There existed one thousand years ago more raw materials than we have today, but we then lacked men with a

vision and the faith to take that coal out of the ground, to harness the waterpowers, to build the railroads and to do other things worth while. So I say, the second great fundamental

of prosperity is Faith.

814 IMPROVEMENT ERA

III

Industry vs. Opportunity

Industry is the mother of invention. Struggle, sacrifice and burning

midnight oil have produced the cotton gin, the sewing machine, the printing press, the steam engine, the electric motor, the telephone, the incandescent lamp and the other great inventions of civilization. Some religious enthusiasts think only of the "lilies of the fields"and forget the

parable of the talents.

A few years ago I was employed by one of the largest publishing houses in the country to make a study of America's captains of industry. The real purpose of the study was to discover some industry or some man that could be helped greatly

through national advertising. In connection with that study

of those captains of industry, I tabulated their ancestry. These

were the seventy greatest manufacturers, merchants and railroad builders, the leading men who have made America by developing the fields, the forests, the mines and the industries.

What did I find? I found that only five per cent of these captains of industry are the sons of bankers; only ten per cent of

them are the sons of manufacturers; fifteen per cent of them

are the sons of merchants, while over thirty per cent of them are the sons of poor preachers and farmers.

Why is it that ministers'sons hold a much more important place in the industrial development of America than the sons of bankers? The ministers'sons inherit no wealth, they have

no more than their share of college education; they are not

especially religious as the world measures religion. In fact,

there is an old saying about "ministers'sons and deacons'daughters."I would be false to my reputation as a statistican to hold

up these captains of industry as saintly examples for young men to follow. But the fact remains nevertheless that these men

are creating America today. Now, what's the reason?

The reason is that these men have a combination of the two traits already mentioned and a third added thereto;—namely,

the habit of work. They have inherited a certain rugged integrity from their mothers and a gift of vision from their fathers which, when combined with the habit of work—forced upon

Integthem by their family's meager income—means power.

rity is a dry seed until put in the ground of faith and allowed to grow. But faith with works is prosperity.

A man may be honest and wonder why he does not get ahead; a man may have vision and still remain only a dreamer;

but when integrity and vision are combined with hard work, the man prospers. It is the same with classes and nations.

It has been said that genius is the author of invention.

Statistics do not support this statement. The facts show that

FUNDAMENTALS OF PROSPERITY 815

industry is the mother of invention. Struggle, sacrifice and

burning midnight oil have produced the cotton gin, the sewing machine, the printing press, the steam engine, the electric motor, the telephone, the incandescent lamp and the other great inventions of civilization.

Why is it that most of the able men in our great industries came from the country districts? The reason is that the country

boy is trained to work. Statistics indicate that very seldom does

a child, brought up in a city apartment house, amount to much;

while the children of wellto-do city people are seriously handicapped. The great educator of the previous generation was not

the public school, but rather the utood box. Those of us parents

who have not a wood box for our children to keep filled, or chores for them to do, are unfortunate.

Run through the list of the greatest captains of industry, as they come to your mind. How many of the men who are

really directing the country's business gained their position through inherited wealth? You will find them astonishingly

few. There is no "divine right of kings"in business. In fact,

statistics show us that the very things which most people think of as advantages, namely, wealth and "not having to work"are really obstacles which are rarely surmounted.

Industry and thrift are closely allied. Economic studies

show clearly that ninetyfive per cent of the employers are employers because they systematically saved money. Any man who

systematically saves money from early youth automatically becomes an employer. He may employ thousands or he may have

only two or three clerks in a country store, but he nevertheless is an employer. These same studies show that ninetyfne per

cent of the wage workers are wage workers because they have systematically spent their money as fast as they have earned it. They of necessity remain wage workers. These are facts

which no labor leader can disprove and which are exceedingly significant. This is especially striking when one considers that

the employer often strrted out at the same wages and in the same community as his wage workers. The employer was naturally

industrious and thrifty; while those who remained wage workers were not.

The development of this nation through the construction cf the transcontinental railways, the financing of the western farms, and the building of our cities is largely due to the old New

England doctrine that laziness and extravagance are sins. In

some western communities it is popular to laugh at these New

England traits; but had it not been for them, these western

communities would never have existed. The industry and thrift

816 IMPROVEMENT ERA

devloped by the old New England religion were the basis of our national growth.

I especially desire to emphasize this point because of the position of certain religious enthusiasts who think only of "the lilies of the field,"and forget the parable of the talents. It is

a fact that the third fundamental of prosperity is Industry.

(To be continued)

Prayer

"We stand for divine guidance through individual and family prayer.*

M. I. A. Slogan, 1923-4.

The Call of Our Father Remember me, remember me;

Thou art my child, remember me.

I made this beauteous world for thee;

I sent my Son who died for thee.

Remember me, remember me;

At dawn of day, remember me;

At Plenty's board remember me;

At eventide remember me.

Remember me, remember mc;

In all thy joys remember me, And in thy grief remember me, In Jesus'name remember me.

The Answer

I'll think of Thee, I'll think of Thee,

My Father, Friend, I'll think of Thee,

All I enjoy I owe to Thee And Brother Christ who died for me.

When dawn of day awakens me, I'll think of Thee, I'll think of Thee;

At Plenty's board I'll think of Thee;

At eventide I'll think of Thee.

In all my joys I'll think of Thee,

And in my grief remember Thee;

With childhood faith I'll call to Thee;

In Jesus'name I'll pray to Thee.

Provo, Utah Geo. H. Brimhall

PRAYER 817

This is All I Pray

Help me, my God, to pierce the space

That hides from me Thy loving face.

Long, lone and dark the hours of night

Through which I yearn for guiding light.

Though erring heart is this of mine,

Still does it love Thee, Lord divine;

Still does it beg of Thee to give

It strength of Thine by which to live

Above, above the fretful cares

Of Life, and Satan's cunning snares.

I'll not hold forth in lengthy prayers,

Though oft, oh, God, my heart despaires;

But simply will I say to Thee:

Help me o'ercome iniquity;

Grant me Thy light upon life's way,

Dear Father mine, is all, I pray.

BeUeisle, N. B. Aim C. Riedpath

Will I Know?

Will I know when life is finished

And I've reached the farther shore?

Will I know some friends will greet me

Whom I loved in days of yore?

Will I know I've lived so nobly

I'll see flowers of choicest worth,

That had blossomed bright and dainty

From the seeds I sowed on earth?

Will I know the books I've longed fo*

Will be given me to read?

Will the man who keeps the record

Write down every careless deed?

Will I know a lonely orphan Has been gladdened by my smile?

Will I know I've helped a neighbor

All his sorrows to beguile?

Will I know that little children,

With their loving songs that day,

Will be there to meet and lead me

If I cannot find the way?

Will I know that I've been pardoned

For my reckless life below;

Oh, Father, Father, tell me, Will I sometime really know?

Snowflake, Arizona. Delia Fish Smith.

Early Missionary Labors of President

Brigham Young 18321838—Age 31 to 37

By Preston Nibley

Brigham Young first visited the Prophet Joseph Smith at

Kirtland, Ohio, in September, 1832. He had been baptized in

the preceding month of April, at Mendon, New York, but had been unable to gather with the Saints in Ohio, probably on account of the illness of his wife, who died September 8, the same year. After his visit with the Prophet, where he "received

the sure testimony, by the spirit of prophecy, that he was all that any man could believe h rm to be, as a true prophet,"Brigham returned to his home in Mendon and began preparations for his first missionary journey. His own account of the same

follows "In company with my brother Joseph I started for Kingston, upper

Canada, on foot, in the month of December, the most of the way through snow and mud from one to two feet deep. In crossing: from Gravelly Point

to Kingston on the ice which had frozen the night previous, the ice was thin and bent under our feet, so that in places the water was half a shoe deep, and we had to separate from each other, the ice not being capable of holding us. We traveled about six miles on the ice, arrived in Kingston and

found a friend who was going that evening near the place where we were first to call. We commenced preaching and bearing our testimony to the

people. Proceeding to West Loboro, we remained about one month, preaching the gospel there and in the regions round sbout. We baptized 45 souls

and organized the East Loboro and other branches. In the month of

February 1833, we starred for home, crossing from Kingston on the ice just before it broke up."Ms., 25, p. 439.

Twenty seven years later, in a sermon delivered in Salt Lake

City, Brigham again referred to this early missionary journey.

The hardships of it had evidently made a lasting impression on his mind. "The second time I went to Canada, which was after I was baptized, myself and brother Joseph traveled two hundred and fifty miles in snow a foot and a half deep, with a foot of mud under it. We traveled, preached

and baptized 45 people in the dead of winter. When we left there the

Saints gave us five York shillings with which to bear our expenses two hundred and fifty miles on foot, and one sister gave me a pair of woolen mittens twothirds worn out. I worked with my own hands and supported

myself."—J. D., 6-229.

"I worked with my own hands and supported myself."That

has a ring of the true Brigham Young in it. Although he waa

MISSIONARY LABORS OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 819

pcor and was giving his time unselfishly to a great and glorious cause, yet he was not going to be an object of charity to anyone.

This was a hard and fast principle of his life which he splendidly enunciated years later.

"My experience has taught me, and it has become a principle with me, that it is never any benefit to give, out and out, to man or woman, money, food, clothing or anything else, if they are ablebodied and can work and earn what they need, when there is anything on the earth for them to do."

J. D., 11297.

For the better part of twelve years following Brighara devoted himself tc missionary labors, and by dint of hard work and wise and frugal spending he was able to support himself and family. No collection was ever needed to take care of him

as long as he had strength in his body to do a day's work. Regarding Brigham's missionary labors and the compensation he

received therefor from the Church, he once had the following to say: "I came into this Church in the spring of 1832. Previous to my being

baptized, I took a mission to Canada at my own expense; and from the

time that I was baptized until the day of our sorrow and affliction, at the martyrdom of Joseph and Hyrum, no summer passed over my head but what

I was traveling and preaching, and the only thing I ever received from the Church, during over twelve years, and the only means that were ever given me by the Prophet, that I now recollect, was in 184 2 ww-n Bro h r

Joseph sent me the half of a small pig that the brethren had brought to him."—J. D., 4-34.

In my study of Brigham Young I have often wondered how this carpenterfarmer boy, with practically no book learning or school education, could suddenly turn preacher, stand up before the people and plead his cause. It was like Peter

being called from his fishing nets to expound the doctrines of the meek and lowly Master. Brigham must, at first, have had

a severe time of it. He says:

"When I began to speak in public I was about as destitute of language as a man could well be. * * * How I have had the headache when I

have had ideas to lay before the people, and not words to express them;

but I was so gritty that I always tried my best."J. D., 5-97.

There again you have the true Brigham Young, strong, virile, "gritty,"always determined to do his best. "Grit"is

an oldfashioned word, now much out of use, but it was once full of meaning, and signified "unyielding courage,"which perhaps was the dominant attribute of Brigham's life. Any

man who will walk two hundred fifty miles in the dead of winter through snow and mud, to plead an unpopular cause like "Mormonism"then was, is "gritty"to say the least, and his career can well afford to be watched with interest.

In the Spring of 1833 Brigham went again on a missionary 820 IMPROVEMENT ERA

journey to Canada, \isiting Lyonstown, Theresa and Indian

River Falls, baptizing twenty people and organizing several branches of the Church. In July he gathered together some

of his converts and went with them to Kirtland, assisting in locating them there. He relates that he remained in Kirtland

a few weeks "enjoying the society of the Prophet,"before returning to his home in Mendon.

Brigham's active participation in the affairs of the Church should perhaps be dated from September, 1833.

"In the month of September, in conformity to the counsel of the

Prophet, I made preparations to gather up to Kirtland, and engaged passage for myself and two children with Brother Kimball, and sent my effects by canal and lake to Fairport. We arrived in Kirtland in safety,

traveling by land, where I tarried all winter and had the privilege of listening to the teachings of the Prophet, and enjoying the society of the Saints, working hard at my former trade."—Ms., 25440.

If I were asked to point out the principal cause, to which, more than all others, Brigham Young's rise in the Church can be attributed, I should say without hesitation that it was his absolute and unqualified loyalty; loyalty to the Prophet Joseph;

loyalty to every principle and doctrine he taught; loyalty to

his brethren around him. He had not cast his lot with the Latter-day Saints to disprove their doctrines or thwart their purposes. He had accepted the newly revealed Gospel completely

and wholeheartedly as the one thing needful and essential for his temporal and eternal salvation. Consequently there was

but one purpose in all his efforts; "to build up the Church and

kingdom."Witness this:

"In the Fall of 1833, many of the brethren had gathered to Kirtland, and not finding suitable employment, and having some difficulty in geting their pay after they had labored, several went off to "Willoughy,

Painesville and Cleveland. I told them I had gathered to Kirtland because

I was so directed by the Prophet of God, and I was not going away to

Willoughby, Painesville, Cleveland, nor anywhere else to build up the gentiles, but I was going to stay here and seek the things that pertained to the Kingdom of God, by listening to the teachings of His servants, and

I should work for my brethren, and trust in God and them that I would i e paid. I labored for Brother Cahoon and finished his house, and although he did not know he could pay me when I commenced, before I

finished he had paid me in full. I then went to work for Father John

Smith and others, who paid me, and I sustained myself in Kirtland, and when the brethren who had gone out to work for the gentiles returned I had means, though some of them were scant."Ms., 2545.

In February, 1834, at Kirtland, Brigham married Mary

Ann Angel, who proved truly to be an angel in his household.

During the following ten years, in the wanderings of the Saints, many trying and bitter experiences came to Brigham and his family, but his heroic wife endured all in the knowledge that they were laboring in a great and glorious cause. Also, during

MISSIONARY LABORS OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 821

the greater part of this time Brigham was absent on missions, preaching the gospel in this and in foreign lands, and the responsibility of rearing a family alone was upon her. Too much

cannot be said in praise of such characters as Mary Ann Angel.

During the year 1834 Brigham was almost constantly at the side of the Prophet Joseph, loyally sustaining him in all his plans and labors. It was in this year that Zion's Camp was

organized and the memorable march of 205 men was made from

Kirtland to Missouri to aid the suffering and persecuted Saints there. In calling Brigham and his brother the Prophet said,

"Brother Brigham and Brother Joseph, if you will go with me in the Camp to Missouri and keep my counsel, I promise you in the name of the Almighty, that I will lead you there and back again and not a hair of your heads shall be harmed."This

promise was fulfilled, and Brigham made the trying and difficult march of two thousand miles to Missouri and return without any resultant harm, though several of his brethren died on the journey and at times the whole camp was in danger of annihilation by the Missouri mob.

In the Fall and Winter of 1834 Brigham relates that he "tarried in Kirtland, quarrying rock, working on the Temple, and finishing off the printing office and school room."

On the 8th of February, 1835, the Prophet Joseph called

Brigham to his residence in Kirtland and said, "I wish you to notify all the brethren living in the branches, within a reasonable distance from this place, to meet at a general conference on

Saturday next. I shall then and there appoint twelve Special

Witnesses, to open the door of the Gospel to foreign nations, and you will be one of them."History of the Church, Vol. 2, page

181. Thus Brigham came into prominence for the first time

as one of the Church leaders. Heretofore his office and calling

had been that of a humble elder, but he had so striven to magnify this position that he was now to take his place in the leading council of the Church, next to the Presidency. His ability

and devotion had been recognized. In defining the functions

of the newly organized quorum the Prophet said:

"They are the Twelve apostles, who are called to the office of the

Traveling High Council who are to preside over the churches of the Saints, among the Gentiles, where there is a presidency established; and they are

to travel and preach among the Gentiles, until the Lord shall command them to go to the Jews. They are to hold the keys of this ministry, to

unlock the door of the Kingdom of heaven unto all nations, and to preach the gospel to every creature. This is the power, authority and virtue of

their apostleship."

From this time henceforth, until the death of the Prophet in 1844, the greater part of Brigham's time was spent in the ministry. He was an indefatigable worker, traveling and paying

822 IMPROVEMENT ERA

his own way, spreading the great truths of the Gospel which had been revealed through the Prophet.

'About two months after his ordination to the Apostleship

Brigham, with his brethren of the Twelve, undertook a mission to the Eastern States. Conferences were held at Westfield and

Freedom in Western New York. On the 5th of June at Lyon3

town, Brigham left the party and returned to Kirtland as wit ness in a trial of the Prophet Joseph before the county court

In his history Brigham relates that as soon as he was "lib erated"he again started East and "joined the Twehe in hold ing conferences, preaching and baptizing, regulating and or ganizing the churches throughout the Eastern country."On

September 25th he, with the others returned to Kirtland.

Recorded in Brigham's history is the following:

"I remained at home during the Fall and Winter, occasionally going out and preaching to the neighboring branches. In the course of the Winter

there was a Hebrew school started, which I attended until February 22, 1836, when I was called upon by the Prophet to superintend the painting and finishing of the Temple, upon which I labored until March 27th, when the Temple was so far finished as to be dedicated to the Lord by the

Prophet, with the assembled Quorums of the Church, and so many members as could possibly be accommodated. On this occasion the power of

God was displayed as recorded in the history of Joseph Smith.

"I attended the solemn assembly and, with my brethren of the Twelve, received my washings and anointings and was privileged to listen to the teachings and administrations of the Prophet of God."Ms., 25, page 471.

Observe here how the young man's whole heart and soul was in his work. At that time he was only in his 35th year, but

he was already one of the stalwarts of the young and growing

Church, and able to contribute splendidly to its advancement.

Brigham's "license"as an elder, which is also a certificate of character, was given him about this time by the Prophet

Joseph, and is well worth recording.

"To Whom it May Concern""This certifies that Brigham Young has been received into the Church of Latterday Saints, organized on the sixth of April, one thousand eight hundred and thirty, and has been ordained an elder according to the rules and regulations of said Church, and is duly authorized to preach the gospel, agreeably to the authority of that office.

"From satisfactory evidence which we have of his good moral character, and his zeal for the cause of righteousness, and diligent desire to pursuade men to forsake evil and embrace truth, we confidently recommend him to all candid and upright people as a worthy member of society.

"We, therefore, in the name and by the authority of this Church, grant unto this our worthy brother in the Lord, this letter of commendation as a proof of our fellowship and esteem; praying for his success and prosperity in our Redeemer's cause.

"Given by the direction of a conference of the elders of said Church,

MISSIONARY LABORS OF BRIGHAM YOUNG 823

assembled in Kirtland, Geauga county, Ohio, the third day of March, in the year of our Lord, one thousand eight hundred and thirtysix.

Joseph Smith, Junior, Chairman.

F. G. Williams, Clerk.

Kirtland, Ohio, March 30th, 1836.

During the entire summer of 1836 Brigham was again engaged in missionary labors in the Eastern States. He traveled

and preached in New York, Vermont, Massachusetts, Maine,

Rhode Island and Connecticut; everywhere laboring diligently

and winning converts to his religion. In September he returned

to Kirtland, where, he says, "I remained through the Fall and

Winter, laboring with my hands to sustain my family, and preaching to the Saints."

The next year, 1837, proved to be a bitter time for the

Church in Kirtland. Brigham relates that "the spirit of speculation, disaffection and apostasy imbibed by many of the

Twelve, and which ran through all the Quorums of the Church, prevailed so extensively that it was difficult for any to see clearly the path to pursue."Ms. 25, 487. But it does not

seem to have been difficult for Brigham to ascertain what course he was to pursue. He had abandoned everything for his

chosen religion and the leadership of his beloved Prophet, and now of all times was the opportunity for him to show his loyalty and sincerity. That he did not fail is attested by the following:

"On a certain occasion several of the Twelve, the witnesses of the

Book of Mormon, and others of the authorities of the Church, held a council in the upper room of the Temple. The question before them was to

ascertain how the Prophet Joseph could be deposed, and David Whitmer appointed President of the Church. Father John Smith, Brother Heber C.

Kimball and others were present who were opposed to such measures. I

rose up, and in a plain and forcible manner told them that Joseph was a

Prophet, and I knew it, and that they might rail and slander him as much as they pleased, they could not destroy the appointment of the Prophet of

God, they could only destroy their own authority, cut the thread that bound them to the Prophet of God, and sink themselves to hell."—Ms.,

25—487.

The worth of such a man as Brigham to the young Prophet

Joseph and to the Church at this critical and uncertain time can hardly be estimated. A few stalwarts like himself stood

firm, brooking all opposition. "This was a crisis,"Brigham

relates, "when earth and hell seemed leagued to overthrow the

Prophet and Church of God. The knees of many of the strongest

men in the Church faltered."Regarding his own position there

was no uncertainty.

"During this siege of darkness I stood close to Joseph, and, with all the wisdom and power of God bestowed upon me, put forth my utmost 824 IMPROVEMENT ERA

energies to sustain the servant of God and unite the quorums of the

Church."—Ms., 25487.

Brigham was not alone able to render moral aid to the

Cause. He was also able to render aid with his strong right

arm if necessary. It was not safe to antagonize such a man too

far. He could fight if he were forced to, to vindicate the truth

which had been impressed upon his soul. I cannot refrain from

relating an interesting circumstance recorded in Brigham's history which occurs at this time. He says:

"A man named Hawley, while plowing his field in the State of New

York, had an impression rest down on his mind with great weight, that he must go to Kirtland and tell Joseph Smith that the Lord had rejected him as a Prophet. * * * Hexwent through the streets of Kirtland one morning after midnight and cried, "Woe! Woe! unto the inhabitants of this

place."I put my pants and shoes on, took my cowhide, went out, and

laying hold of him, jerked him round, and assured him that if he did not stop his noise and let the people enjoy sleep without interruption, I would cowhide him on the spot, for we had the Lord's Prophet right here and we did not want the Devil's prophet yelling round the streets.'Ms.,

25487.

Later in life Brigham was affectionately called by his people "The Lion of the Lord."Such incidents as the one above

related demonstrate how he earned this title. He was absolutely

fearless when it came to defending what he knew was true and right.

During the Spring and Summer of 1837 Brigham filled two short missions to the Eastern States. Leaving Kirtland on

March 13, he traveled through Ohio, Pensnylvania, Nem York and Massachusetts. In the latter part of May he returned home

"by stage, the ice being still on the lake."Late in July he left

again for the East "accompanying the Prophet Joseph, his brother Hyrum, David W. Patten and Thomas B. Marsh, who

were on their way to Canada. At Buffalo, Brigham parted with

his friends and went on to Albany and New York City. In

the latter place he held meetings and preached wherever opportunity afforded. On August 19th he was again at Kirtland.

The spirit of apostasy and evil speaking against the Prophet was at its height in Kirtland during the latter part of 1837 and Brigham's entire time was spent in trying to hold the

Church together. It was indeed a dark and trying time for the

faithful. Brigham's life was repeatedly threatened by his enemies. Finally, he relates:

"On the morning of December 22nd, I left Kirtland in consequence of the fury of the mob and the spirit that prevailed in the apostates, who had threatened to destroy me because I would proclaim, pubhcly and privately, that I knew, by the power of the Holy Ghost, that Joseph Smith was a

Prophet of the Most High God, and had not transgressed and fallen as the apostates declared."Ms., 25—518.

A Study of Book of Mormon Texts

I. Notes on Significant Words and Phrases

By J. M. Sjodahl

Superficial critics of the Book of Mormon have assumed that the proper names in that remarkable volume are either from the Bible or selected at random from various modern sources. The Bible names, they tell us, include words from the

New Testament in their anglicized forms, which the alleged authors of the Book of Mormon could not have known. Going

outside the Bible names, "Moroni,"they assert, is Spanish;

"Nephi"is Greek; "Antipas"is a contraction of "Antipater;

"Moroni"is Italian, and "Sam"is, of course, a Yankee nickname for "Samuel,"and so on.

Nothing could be further from the truth than this assumption. A closer study of the names in the Book of Mormon reveals the stupendous and, to some startling truth that many of

those names are still found in various Indian vocabularies, with the same fundamental meaning that they have in the records of

Mormon and his predecessors. Joseph Smith could not have

invented them; for he was not a scholar at the time he translated the plates. Chance could not have produced them, for

they are found in great numbers and not only in an isolated instance or two. They are therefore among the strongest external evidence for the authenticity of the Book of Mormon

that can be produced.

Some of the etynrylogical suggestions in the following paragraphs are offered tentatively, in full realization of the almost insurmountable difficulties by which the subject is surrounded.

The facts are, I believe, as stated; whether I have erred in any

of the inferences drawn or conclusion arrived at, I must leavs to the judgment of the intelligent reader.

"I make a record in the language of my father."(1 Nephi 1:2.)

In the language of my father. Was there any reason why

Nephi did not say, "I make a record in the Hebrew language?"His father's language was the Hebrew—"the learning of the

Jews;"why did he not use the shorter term?

There was a sufficient reason. At the time Lehi left Jerusalem, the term "Hebrew"was not yet employed to denote the

language spoken by his people. Abraham was called "the

Hebrew"by his cotemporaries (Gen. 14:13), which was equivalent to our word "foreigner,"and in the days of Lehi (See

826 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Jeremiah 34:9) the term was applied to the Jews generally, but

not to their language. Isaiah (36:13) calls it, "The Jews'language,"and "The language of Canaan"(19:18). The term

"Hebrew"was first applied to the language of the Jews by the

Con of Sirach, about 130 B. C, but he did not mean the Hebrew

of the Old Testament, spoken at the time of Lehi, but the

Aramaean, just as we in our day frequently call the jargon of the modern Jews, "Hebrew,"though "Yiddish"is the common name for it. Josephus, the Jewish historian, is supposed to have

been the first who applied the name "Hebrew"to the language of Lehi. It is, therefore, obvious that if Nlephi had used this

word in its modern sense, which is not older than the days of

Josephus, the text would have presented a serious difficulty. As

it stands, it is a strong testimony for the genuineness of the

Book of Mormon, as well as for its authenticity.

Mormon, four hundred years after Josephus, seems to have been the first in this part of the world to whom it occurred to call the language of Lehi "Hebrew"(Mor. 9:33), as it had

occurred to Josephus in the Old World, probably in honor of "Abraham the Hebrew."

Seer. In Nephi 3:6, the author quotes a prophecy concerning our day and age, said to have been uttered by Joseph

in Egypt, about 1500 B. C, thus: "A seer shall the Lord my

God raise up who shall be a choice seer,"etc.

Why is the word "seer"found here, instead of the more familiar title "prophet,"which a modern writer almost certainly would have used?

If we recall historic fact, stated in 1 Sam. 9:9, that, "He

that is now [at the time of Samuel, aoout 1100 B. C] called a

Prophet was beforetime called a Seer,"we realize that the word credited to Joseph is the very one he would have used in his remarkable evidence of the genuineness of that prophecy.

The title, "prophet"was known before Samuel, but it assumed new importance and dignity at that time. He to whom

that office was given then stood as the representative of Jehovah in all things pertaining to the moral and sacred duties of the people. In this respect, even kings were subject to his judgment. The office of seer was about that time united with the

prophetic office, wherefore the Prophet Gad is called "David's seer"(2 Sam. 24:11). The latter title was gradually lost sight

of, and "prophet"became the general designation by which the spiritual representative of the Lord on earth was known.

By revelation, April 6. 1830, Joseph Smith was called "a

seer, a translator, a prophet, an apostle of Jesus Christ, an elder of the Church."All the gifts and powers and authority pertaining to these various callings were united in the prophetic

office of the Church. As the title of "seer"predominated in the

A STUDY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON TEXTS 827

\ision concerning him by Joseph in Egypt, so that title came first among five enumerated in this revelation. But like the

title "prophet"from the time of Samuel, it included them all.

"And it came to pass that there was a voice heard among all the inhabitants of the earth, upon all the face of this land."

(3 Nephi9:l).

The Earth. In reading this passage, and others, it is necessary to remember that the writer was a descendant of a Hebrew

familiar with the language of the Old Testament, and that he used Bible terms.

The Jews in olden days called their country "the world,""the earth or the land,"as in Ps. 72:8 where the king's son

(Solomon) is promised dominion "from sea to sea, and from the river unto the ends of the earth."This manner of speaking

was still common in New Testament times. Luke (2:1) says a

decree had been issued by the emperor "that all the world"should be taxed, and our Savior (Matt. 12:42), speaking of

the queen of Sheba, says she came "from the uttermost parts of the earth"to hear Solomon. James (5:17), referring to the

drought in Palestine during the reign of Ahab, says, that it rained not "on the earth"for three years and six months. It

is clear from these quotations that the Hebrews frequently used the expression "the earth"in a very limited sense, just as we sometimes call a very small portion of the solid surface of the earth and sometimes a larger one, "land."

When Nephi says a voice was heard among "all the inhabitants of the earth,"he does not mean "earth"in the widest sense of the word, but, as he himself explains, only "this land;"

that is to say, the particular land that was affected by the awful visitation he describes. He enumerates cities that were

destroyed, thereby indicating the limits of the area of darkness and destruction.

But the point is this, the recorder of these events, by employing the term "the earth"as he does, proves that his ideas and vocabulary were those of a descendant of a Hebrew, and thus the text is, incidentally, a testimony to the truth of the

Book of Mormon.

A Narrow Pass. In Mormon 2:29 and 3:5, as in Alma 22:

32; 50:34, etc., we read of a "narrow pass,"or "passage,"connecting the "land northward"with the "land southward."

Columbus, on his fourth and last voyage, 1502, as he crept along the coast in the direction of Veragua, looking for an opening towards the elusive West, learned of the natives with whom he came in friendly contact that if he kept his present 828 IMPROVEMENT ERA

course he would soon come to a "narrow place"between two seas. (Fiske, The Discovery of America, Vol. 1, p. 510.) He

was not looking for an isthmus but for a strait, and he fondly hoped that the "narrow place"would turn out to be a channel into another ocean.

The interesting point, however, is this, that the Indians on the coasts of Honduras or Nicaragua, when visited by Columbus, had a designation for the Isthmus that is found in the Book of Mormon.

Is this merely a coincidence? I, for one, prefer to regard

it as an evidence of the accuracy of the authors of the Book of Mormon.

Again, according to that volume, there was a Nephite land, and also a city, called Bountiful. Curiously enough, we have a

country named Costa Rica—Rich Coast. There was also a land

called Joshua*, which is the Hebrew form for the name by which

San Salvador is known, "Joshua"meaning "Jehovah is Salvation."There was also a land called Desolation. The Indians at

the time of the conquest called large cemeteries by that very name.

Crossing the deep. In Ether 2:1618, we are informed that

the brother of Jared, obeying divine instructions, built a number of barges or small vessels in which he and those with him eventually crossed "the great sea which divideth the lands."

Some centuries later, when Lehi and his company camped by the sea shore at a place called Bountiful, Nephi was commanded by the Lord to construct a vessel in which to cross over to the other side of the ocean. This was done and the voyage was made.

These wonderful voyages reminds us of some that are on record in the general history of the world, and of others of which persistent tradition gives us an intimation.

In the year 1500 Pedro Alvarez de Cabral left Lisbon in command of thirteen vessels carrying 1,200 men. His destination was East India. But, after having passed the Cape Verde

Islands, he took a more westerly course than he should have done, and, finally, was driven across the Atlantic and landed somewhere on the Brazilian coast.

Jean Cousin, of Dieppe, it it said, had a similar experience in 1488. While he was sailing down the cost of Africa, he was

caught in a storm and blown across to Brazil.

In the year 1000 of our era, as is now well known, Lief

Erickson, having heard of the existence of a strange coast south of Greenland, sailed from Brattahlid with a crew of 35 men and after a successful voyage arrived at a point on the

A STUDY OF THE BOOK OF MORMON TEXTS 829

American coast Which they called Markland, and some days later at another place which they named Vinland.

But long before the time of the explorations of the Icelander, Japanese junks are said to have been driven ashore on the coasts of Oregon and California, and in the fifth century, so trdition has it, Buddhist priests crossed over from China by way of the Aleutian Islands and went as far south as Mexico. (See Fiske, The Discovery of America, chap. 2, Vol. I.)

This tradition though generally discounted, seems to be confirmed by recent discoveries in the longburied city of

Tevtihuacan, near the City of Mexico. There were found unmistakable Chinese characters of archaic form. The Chinese

Charge d'Affairs in Mexico, M. F. K. Tong, identified some of

them as the Chinese signs for "sun,""moon,""eye,""turn to the right,"and "turn to the left."This proves that some

one familiar with the Chinese ancient characters, in the dim past inhabited that locality. (See Salt Lake Tribune, April 18,

1920.) The transocean voyages recorded in the Book of Mormon present no greater difficulties than those mentioned by history and authentic traditions.

Jared and his brother were cotemporary with Noah, for that great patriarch lived after the flood 350 years (Gen. 9:28),

and consequently more than a century after the Tower of Babel.

In all probability they had seen the ark. They had, undoubtedly, heard Noah describe his ship and voyage and the

land from which he and his family came. It is more than

probable that during the many years that intervened between the flood and the futile attempt at centralizing the human family around the Tower and preventing it from spreading over the surface of the earth, many an adventurous spirit had cast longing eyes toward that faraway land from which Noah came.

We know that the Jaredites on their way to the ocean, built boats in which they crossed lakes and rivers so that when they finally came to the shore of the great deep, shipbuilding and navigation were not entirely unknown to them.

The family of Lehi, as inhabitants of Jerusalem, must have been familiar with Phoenician ships and sailors. The latter

were great navigators in their day. It is stated by Herodotus

that Phoenicians, about 600 years before our era, circumnaAigated Africa, starting from the Red Sea and returning by way of the Mediterranean. Such a feat would have been the subject

of common talk in the reports of the countries adjacent to the coast strip occupied by the Phoenicians and along all the trade routes frequented by their merchants. It is not improbable that

830 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Lehi and his sons had heard all about this voyage, unless they had left Jerusalem before the heme coming of the sailors.

Shining Stones. In Ether (6:3) we are told that the Lord,

in answer to prayer (Ether 3:4) "caused stones to shine in

darkness,"to give light to those who were to cross the ocean in the vessels built for that purpose. The stones, it is staid (Ether

3:1) were "white and clear, even as transparent glass."

In connection with this it is interesting to read a press dispatch from London, dated June 20th, 1920, in which it was stated that a scientist, Dr. T. Coke Squance, of Sunderland, had

obtained some marvelous results by exposing precious stones to the action of x rays. During the process, the report said, the

lustre of a sapphire was increased to such an extent that the stone had almost the brilliancy of a diamond. A diamond

was made to glow with a beautiful green. To the question

whether the acquired lustre would be permanent, Dr. Squance

replied that he did not know, but that the sapphire on which he had experimented had kept its color for three years. "The

most remarkable feature of the treament,"he added, "is the brilliancy which the stones acquire when shut up with the rays."He showed an enormous ruby which glowed and sparkled brilliantly.

It seems, then, that when the brother of Jared asked the

Lord to make the stones he had obtained on Mount Shelam to "shine forth in darkness,"he stood on strictly scientific ground.

His request was reasonable, as is every prayer dictated by the

Spirit of God.

(To be Continued)

The Winged Deluge

By Robert Sparks Walker

Jobless, penniless, homeless—three spectres which can produce a mental concoction as poisonous as a rattler's bite! It

might have done so in the case which I am about to relate, but a little weakling insect, known as the ephemeral, or May, fly, destroyed that concoction by banishing the mental fatigue of Egbert Emmert, and proved thereby that the concoction hitherto regarded as venomous is volatile after all.

It was not a home, it was not a hovel, it was not a hut, that sheltered Egbert from the rude and oftimes unmerciful elements.

If he had had a cave or a hollow tree, his would have been a

THE WINGED DELUGE 831

happy lot. Poverty had approached him with teeth exposed, a

dagger in one hand and a torch in the other. Egbert had backed

from this fiery demon from a comfortable room until he found himself lodged in the corner of a threestory building with cobwebs swaying their millions of germs above, the noisy autos, heavy drays and street cars on two sides, the window panes so dusty that they might have served well as a smoked glass for viewing a partial or total ecclipse of the sun. Two planks,

catafalquelife,—with ends resting on two empty kegs, nd some

straw on top, which Egbert had borrowed, defied poverty to advance further.

There is a carnivorous plant called sundew, which sends out a sticky substance that attracts flies and other insects. On being touched, this adhesive substance holds the insect tightly

until dead, and then this plant munches their dead bodies by sucking up all the juice their bodies contain. People wonder

what made the sundew a bloodthirsty villain. Years ago, when

is was of good character and harmless, its seeds got disseminated in poor soil where there was an insufficient amount of organic matter. The sundew grew thin, pale, and lost its strong mind.

It was depraved. Its system was calling for food. It was perishing. Nothing came to its relief. A dragon fly lit on it one day

and dropped two dead mosquitoes, which it had captured in flight. These dead carcasses lodged in a depression on the leaf,

and as the decaying bodies settled down on the hungry sundew's leaves, there was a smacking of its vegetable lips. The morsel

tasted good. Half fed, pallid, intestines growling for more, the

sundew conceived the idea of setting a trap. The squeezing out

of the viscid fluid was the most convenient, and by thus being forced, in the struggle for existence, this plant never worries about food now.

Egbert Emmert's case was becoming critical. No human

came to his rescue. The hilarious voices floating from the saloon

below brought no relief. No dragon fly made any mistake or

happened by any accidents to teach him any habits whereby his own body might survive in the great struggle for existence.

The tallow candle burned low and, Egbert's intestines grumbled because he refused to eat the oat straw on which he was sleeping.

His digestive organs wanted organic matter, but he himself was craving employment. A penny bought him a thin piece of

sausage, wrapped in a piece of newspaper. The fragment of

the morning Chronicle was the only symptom of a library in

Egbert's spidery quarters. His bed was a catafalque of empty

beer kegs, but they did not support a bier. The crackling of the

oat straw and the romping of a few rats over the loft, interspersed by his own breathing broke the extreme silence in his apart832 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ments. Here he sometimes wished he might become a rodent.

A rusty rat, its body marked with cicatrices, galloped up and licked the grease from Egbert's only piece of literature. The lad

pretested and the rodent retired to the back of the loft. "I

might as well eat that myself,"said he as the rat turned away.

As he lifted the fragment up, his eyes met the want column.

"Help wanted,"was all that remained. Egbert turned without

reading, called to his rat roommate and said: "I may want to

say, 'God bless you,'a little later."He read:

"Wanted—A young man with original ideas to take charge of our

advertising department; $4,000 yearly, to begin with, to right man. The

McGraw Corporation"Egbert sat down on his pile of straw to meditate. He had

spent many months in an effort to discover himself. He believed

that he was a fit person for the job. Thousands of applicants

he knew would be drawn by this alluring offer. But out of the

thousands of others who would apply, how was he to impress the manager of that concern that he was the man who was most competent to fill the place? This was the puzzling question

which was confounding him every moment after he read the slip.

Darkness came on and he picked up his hat and after brushing his clothes walked away. As he stepped under the street

lights, a heap of small, slender flies piled down on his head and collar. Egbert looked up as he clawed them off with both

hands. There were millions of them flying around. The street

car track was piled up with so many that it became necessary to use a broom to clear the rails so the wheels would revolve. Egbert had forgotten all about his imaginary job. He watched with

much amusement the street walkers dodging, clawing and cursing the annoying flies. The deluge of flies came without warning.

Their mystery and even their identity baffled the town's oldest philosophers and scientific men.

Egbert went to the library. For two hours he searched for

a book on insects and finally recognized from a drawing that the strange and rather impressive visitors of the evening were the ephemerid, or May flies. He sat down with pencil, and as a

result the morning paper bore the following item:

"TOWN DELUGED WITH A NEW FLY "Young Egbert Emmert tells us all about them. His story follows:

"'The new fly which made its appearance in countless numbers Friday night is not a new fly by any means. Hearing the question as to what

kind of a fly it can be by so many of our citizens has led me to prepare this article.

"'The May fly was given the name ephemerid, or ephemeral, fly, because it was supposed to live only one day. But this is erroneous. It is true

that they live a very short time, but usually a little longer than one day.

They are a very weak insect, and I, myself, thought they were a new species, but I find that it is a wellknown creature, the eggs of which are laid

THE WINGED DELUGE 833

in rivers and lakes. These soon hatch out and the young larvae are aquatic,

and live for two years feeding in the water. The second year they moult

and climb out, usually upon a weed and fly away. The street lights

have attracted them from the river. They are harmless, excepting for their

cursed annoyance, and make a very desirable food for fish. It is the May

fly that you see imitated on most all artificial bait for fishes.

"'In the worm state they may migrate for miles in the river, hence the young which will hatch from the eggs laid in the river may travel several miles up or down the river during the next two years.

"'It seems rather funny, too, that sportsmen in the town have not recognized this common fly. And I, too, saw them invade a town in the Great

lakes once in such great numbers that the air was flecked with them.

Their coming in small numbers, or their appearance one at a time will not attract or impress a person, but when they make their appearance in such large numbers, they leave a lasting impression and consequently everyone seeks to know something about them.'"

I When the sunlight gained entrance into Egbert Emmert'a loft the following morning, the most of his troubles had been lost in his deep study of the May fly. He went down on the

street and borrowed a copy of the morning paper. Egbert was

anxious to see his article in print. As he read the last sentence

it stuck deep in his cranium. The gnawing pain in an empty

stomach had disappeared. His pick had struck gold. How the

fly had impressed him and others was a rich strike, indeed.

There was the gold watch left him as his only inheritance by his much respected father. There was a pawn shop in town.

Egbert associated himself with the pawn shop, left his material inheritance with the keeper and secured $10 for ten days in return. No breakfast yet. A box of stationary, a good pen, a

table at the hotel, and a young man busy plying the pen. A

part of the application read:

"I know that you are likely to be besieged with applications for the position of advertising manager, but I shall undertake to convince you that out of the hundreds that you are likely to receive, I am the young man best fitted for the place."

The application copied, punctuated, read, reread, and finally approved, Egbert smiled as he put the May fly idea into it.

The entire box of stationery was utilized, the application copied one hundred times, and mailed simultaneously in separate envelopes.

Ten years afterwards I saw hanging on the wall in the office of the president of a large corporation a beautiful painting of a number of May flies, underneath which was written, "There is nothing so little in nature but what teaches a deep lesson."

Chattanooga, Tenrt.

False or True

if thou as false appear,.How sharp my pain

I beleive thee true!And rapt my soul when

at hidden danger near,How chills my heart

As if my breath the upas poison drew!

If some unguarded word deceptions show,

Or glance of waywardness a fault reveals,

Then peace not any of my moments know,

steals!And yet a kiss, again, my anger

Thus I exult, or anguish in my fears,

Love brings me triumph or this aching brow,

I list unto the music of the spheres,

Or whisper, as I fear, thy broken vow

Yet prove still true, or "false as Cressid"be,

Not time nor fate can take love's past from me!

Alfred Lambourne

Claude C. Cornwall

Recently Appointed Field Secretary of the Young Men's Mutual

Improvement Associations

If active participation in the Mutual Improvement work may be regarded as ample qualification for leadership among our young men, then Elder Claude C. Cornwall has come to the

position of Field Secretary of the Y. M. M. I. A. well equipped

for this responsibility.

His Mutual activity began in contest work, as a young man, first in quartette singing where his organization won in the ward and stake finals, then in tenor solo, and later he succeeded in winning the grand finals of the Church in retold story.

During his college days at the U of U he was song and yell leader, and he attributes this early ability to the experience he had as chorister in the Sunday School and M. I. A. He was

at this time a member of the Salt Lake Opera chorus, the

University quartette and glee club and a charter member of the 836 IMPROVEMENT ERA

new Salt Lake Oratorio Society. In 1911 he was graduated from

the Engineering School and for a while followed the engineering profession, later being employed in the faculty of the L. D.

S. University. Here he became a leader in student activities

and many Founder's Day celebrations and school dramatic and operatic productions have been counted sucessful under his management.

At this time he because active in the Boy Scout program, first as scoutmaster in his ward, then Deputy Stake Commissioner of the Granite stake, and later he was appointed Supt.

of the Mutuals of the Cottonwood stake.

When war broke out he enlisted with the U. S. training

detachment at the University of Utah and was appointed instructor in electricity. During this service he organized the

training detachment band which was heard during the summler in concerts both at the U. and also in the Salt Lake Theatre.

Under his diretion a vaudeville production was given at the

Orpheum and more than 1200 soldiers were banquetted at the

Hotel Utah and the University campus on the proceeds of these concerts. This active service won for him an appointment to

the field artillery officers'school at Camp Taylor, Ky., where

he was made instructor in mathematics and Battery Song leader, concluding his military service in this camp.

One day Pres. Jos. W. McMurrin, of the California mission,

met Elder Cornwall on Main St., at Salt Lake, and as he says,

"had an inspiration to speak to the young man."This resulted

in his call to the California mission where he became a prominent figure in supervision and organization among the Mutual

Improvement Associations and Sunday schools. On his return

from this mission of two and onehalf years he entered the advertising and business field until the fall of last year when he went to Beaver, Utah, and there organized and taught the L.

D. S. Theological Seminary.

There are few young men in the Church who are better known than Elder Claude C. Cornwall. His play, Fagged

Out, written to emphasize the 1921 slogan, has been produced in many of the ward mutuals. Through active participation in

community affairs he has gained a wide acquaintance. He was

a song leader in Los Angeles Community Service and a member of the L. A. Oratorio Society, was special Boy Scout Commissioner for California, Arizona and Nevada, and was a member

of the Board of Directors of the new Salt Lake Community

Dram,a League.

Members of the General Board feel confident that the appointment of Elder Cornwall has been properly made and that hi3 energy and experience will be an asset to the organization.

Why I Remain a "Mormon"

By Paul E. Reimaun (One of the "MutuaT Men)

There is a radical difference between giving reasons for belonging to a particular church and merely offering conventional excuses. When eight years of age, I was baptized

and confirmel a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints. I was not actually converted, however, until

several years later. Since then, many have bitterly argued that

the Church of my forefathers ought to be "good enough"for me.

Contrary to this fallacy, I am certain that if my deceased relatives know anything about the plan of salvation, they do not regret that I am a "Mormon."As a member of the Church of

Jesus Christ, I have experienced genuine satisfaction, which would decline if I should abandon "Mormonism."

In my early boyhood, I lived in an atmosphere of adverse feeling towards Joseph Smith, which caused me to reflect seriously over the problem of religion. My soul subsequently

developed spiritual longings:

(1) I desired a solution to the problem of the origin of my spirit being;

(2) I sought an explanation of the purpose and destiny of human life;

(3) I wanted the opportunity to fulfil the purpose for which I was created.

I studied and investigated "Mormonism,"because so much prejudice, intolerance and bigotry were manifested towards it.

I decided that I would study and ask my Father in heaven, and either be convinced of its truths, or find a more promising religion. After gradual investigation, I began to feel that "Mormonism"is the plan of God, which solves the problem of living; and I expected to find that the Church of Jesus Christ of

Latterday Saints embodies all the opportunities and privileges necessary for me to fulfil my mission upon the earth.

My loyalty to the philosophy of "Mormonism"rests upon faith in the continuation of divine revelation. This is precipitated by faith in a personal God and a personal Redeemer, Jesus

Christ. My reason for this belief is drawn from study and observation, wherein I find that the degree of power and intelligence of any conscious force or organism depends upon the type

and quality of organization. If God is unorganized, why should

man be organized? and since man is organized, why should

838 IMPROVEMENT ERA

not God, who possesses the greatest intelligence, be perfect in organization?

He has a purpose in this universe; otherwise man would

not have a body. To man He has given the greatest intelligence,

by far; and it would be untenable to assume that human beings

have an advantage over God our Father. The human race

communicates with Deity through inspiration in discovery and invention, and particularly in prayer. This manifests a relationship with God whom we regard as our divine Parent. Considering ourselves the sons and daughters of our Father and

Mother in heaven the gospel teaches that we came to this earth for the purpose of receiving a body.

The gospel teaches the doctrine of continued revelation, on the premises that it is God's method of direct communication. Not only does scripture substantiate this belief but reason

as well. The radio receiving instrument will obtain a message

from the broadcaster when properly adjusted. The human soul

is a more delicate instrument, and if it possesses the right qualities it may enjoy inspiration from the divine. Revelation

operates on the same basis but it is more magnified.

Joseph Smith testified that he saw God our Father and

Jesus Christ our Savior as two glorified, immortal and distinct

Personages; that the angel Moroni brought the gold plates

which Joseph translated by inspiration and revelation; that

Peter, James and John conferred upon him the keys of the holy

Priesthood; that he communicated with heavenly messengers;

and that he received revelations and manifestations from God.

The proof of these claims is manifested in the functioning power of the Priesthood in the Church today, and in the fulfilment of prophecies. Scripture, reason, and history substantiate the

principle of modern revelation, for God is impartial and just.

Through revelation, the gospel was restored, and the

Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints was established, with all the principles, laws and ordinances requisite to the salvation of the human family. The Priesthood is the life and

vitality of the Church. It is the government of God, represented

by prophets, apostles, high priests, seventies, elders, priests, teachers and deacons, organized into their respective quorums according to the laws of God. It is the divine institution of

which I am a member, and whereby I may develop to the full extent of my opportunities.

I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints because "Mormonism"is the divine philosophy of life, which embodies God's system of spiritual and temporal improvement. It is the science of righteous living. It reconciles

every demand of life and solves the three problems of the heart: WHY I REMAIN A "MORMON"839

Where and how my life or spirit existed prior to mortal embodiment.

this mortal exWhy I am on this earth—the purpose for

istence.

What possibilities God has provided for my future existence beyond this sphere, and by what opportunities in this life

I may attain that destiny.

I have learned from investigating the gospel that my spiritbeing was born of our Father and Mother in heaven, where I developed as an intelligent personage like all of my spirit brethren and sisters. I had my freeagency and heavenly opportunities to acquire knowledge, construct the rudiments of my

character and work out my sacred mission. I was presented

with the privilege of coming to this world for a body that I might continue to progress, because I kept my First Estate.

"Mormonism"satisfies the present problem of life concerning the purpose for this mortal sphere. I came into this experience to receive and develop a physical body in preparation for

the future beyond the resurrection; and the degree of my compliance with God's laws will determine my state of progress in

the hereafter. The gospel teaches me that God my Father

passed through a mortal sphere. Now, by obeying his laws

and following his plan of living I may, in eternity, become like he is now. The retarding influences in this life will be a blessing to me if I overcome them as did my Redeemer; for I must

experience the bitter in order to enjoy the vital blessings of heaven.

The Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints is the divine institution which provides all the opportunities essential to prepare me for the state of progress which God enjoys. It

is the divine method of living. It is the University of Jesus

Christ, who has instituted the entrance requirements and specified the essentials to graduate into the Celestial Kingdom. Christ

our Redeemer has an organization of officers who are his facultystudents, empowered with the Priesthood, according to the degree of their respective positions.

I have fulfilled the entrance requirements of baptism, and the laying on of hands by authorized representatives of this divine institution. I have also received the Priesthood which

has commissioned me as a facultystudent. In compliance with

the course which leads to the Celestial degree of eternal glory

I have been permitted to receive of the blessings of the temple.

In this course which I am studying and following, the most sacred ideal in my life is the patriarchal promise of the companion whom the Lord desires to be my celestial partner. To

enjoy this blessing, I anticipate our entrance into the New and 840 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Everlasting Covenant in the House of the Lord and with this blessing the responsibility of home building.

In this divine university all the laws and ordinances must be complied with in order to remain a candidate for a Celestial

Degree of Glory after the resurrection. The method I use in

this life to fulfil my chosen course in the University of Jesus

Christ will determine whether or not my resurrected body and soul will be qualified to dwell in the celestial kingdom.

My mission in this wonderful institution, in addition to the requisites of a true Latterday Saint course in life, is a program of service. As a facultystudent in this Church, I

must get into action and be of service. "Mormonism"is the

divine blessing through which I may bless m|y fellow men. I

am trying to prepare my life as a facultystudent for the exfield.tension division of this institution—the mission

I am a member of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

Saints because "Mormonism"reveals the sphere from which I came, and it explains the purpose for my present existence. The

Church is the University of Jesus Christ which provides the complete course of divine salvation. If I prove myself to be a

diligent facultystudent I will graduate with "high honors"at my resurrection and enter postgraduate work in the Celestial

Kingdom for eternity.

Miller Ward, Granite Stake

The Light that is Felt

(Selected)

A tender child of summers three,

Seeking her little bed at night,

Paused on the dark stair timidly, "Oh, mother! Take my hand,"said she,

"And then the dark will all be light."

"We older children grope our way

From dark behind to dark before,

And only when our hands we lay,

Dear Lord, in Thine, the night is day

And there is darkness nevermore.

Reach downward to the sunless days

Wherein our guides are blind as we,

And faith is small and hope delays;

Take Thou the hands of prayer we raise,

And let us feel the light of Thee!

John G. Whittier.

Prayer

We Stand for Divine Guidance through Individual and

Family Prayer.—M. I. A. slogan, 1923-4

Prayer is a desire, a natural longing, an eager wish, arising in the soul to enjoy a coveted good. To pray effectively, one

must he in harmony with the Lord, and every prayer must not only be offered in faith, but it must be supported by effort.

There is virtue in the couplet:

"Think and act a kind and loving thought each day.

Pray for what you want, and work for what you pray."

The conditions of an acceptable prayer are humility, forgiveness, the avoidance of outward show and vain repetitions, faith, and union. God gives us what we stand in need of when

we ask under these conditions, but we have to toil for it, he does not always arbitrarily grant it, but rather through wise and beneficient laws. Our prayers must be pure in motive

and unselfish, and must be for the glory of the Father. When

prayer is uttered in this spirit it brings man nearer to God and helps him to conquer his baser self, by creating in his heart love for others. It gi\ es man a deeper insight into the ways of

God, by placing him in harmony with His Spirit. This harmony keeps him from temptation, and unspotted from the sins

of the world. It gives him greater power, wisdom and might,

because it familiarizes him with the laws of God and so insures him the divine guidance that tends to his salvation.

We are told to pray always, continuously, and without ceasing. In this injunction, ye learn that it is not enough

that we should pray in sickness, in trouble and sorrow, but we should likewise remember the Lord in our prosperity, when we have all the comforts and luxuries and blessings of life at our command. Our words should be few and our hearts

full of forgiveness and kne, and our petition uttered in earnest.

Family prayers should be held morning and night, to be participated in by the whole family. Members should take

their turn in praying with the family, and should be called on to pray often, vocally. Every member of the family should

have an opportunity to pray, and no one member should mo842 IMPROVEMENT ERA

nopolize the privilege of praying before the family. Our prayers*

should be informal, without set words. We should pray earnestly for what we desire most at the time, and make our prayers

full of living wants, and not a jumble of set words meaning little or nothing. Secretly or in public, we should ask for the

things most appropriate for the occasion and that which is the uppermost desire in our own hearts, or of the congregation, or of the family.

Prayer promotes spiritual growth because it places the spirit of man in the environment of the Spirit of God. It

places the petitioner in communion with Him and so gives dhine guidance. It provides spiritual exercise, and keeps alive,

active and strong, the eternal spirit of man, enabling it to master the physical and overcome the passions of the flesh.

It places man in a pure atmosphere where God's Spirit takes hold of the hand to lead, and enters the mind to direct. In

such environment clean thoughts thrive and result in good and noble actions. It keeps one in the faith, for no person can

apostatize from the right as long as he prays in the proper spirit. Prayer uttered in the right attitude is one of the most

valuable habits that a young person can form. It is a safeguard

to youth, a comfort and a pillar of power and strength in middle life, and in old age, a consolation that wipes away the sting of the grate and takes from death its victory. A

The June M. I. A. Conference

The conference was a pronounced success both in instruction and in the number who attended. Two outstanding

themes were dwelt upon, namely, prayer and recreation.

Supt. Richard K. Lyman introduced the slogan for the

year: "We stand for Divine Guidance Through Individual and

Family Prayer."The slogan was further introduced at every

meeting both general and departmental, and there was appropriate scripture reading accompanying! each introduction.

Among these was the injunction of the Lord to the Saints, found in the Doc. and Cov., 19:28: "I command thee that

thou shalt pray vocally as well as in thy heart; yea, before the

world, as well as in secret, in public as well as in private."

The other leading theme was clean recreation. Special

emphasis was placed upon this subject. The new obligation

resting upon the Mutual Improvement Associations in directing the leisure time and play of the people of the Church was dwelt upon, and the heavy responsibility resting upon the leaders in this matter was pointed out. We have faith in our great

volunteer leadership to put into efficient effect this pressing

EDITOR'S TABLE *& obligation which has been given to our association by the

Presidency. We have felt that this body of men and womenare willing and able to serve the young people efficiently in this

undertaking. They must keep in mind the standards and objectives as held out in the folder issued by the General Boards.

There we find a few fundamentals, namely, the preservation of health, clean amusement, proper employment ol leisure

The latter means the assistancehours and social cooperation.

of the priesthood quorums, and every auxiliary organization in the Church. There must be united effort to bring abou*

this cooperation and we must work together as a whole with the great objectives in view—clean amusement and the preservation of health and moralsand specifically encourage reverence for and faith in our religious obligations.

The departmental meetings were interesting schools, in which leaders sought to be educated. The arrangement of the

conference meetings was such that each department was given the opportunity to present its claims and activities to the whole body. It was a good arrangement and worked out very satisMany officers were in attendance and every stake in the

Church except three was represented. The meetings were well

attended and the Sunday afternoon meeting, being a joint meeting of the Mutual and Primary, was favored with the presence of many of the presiding authorities and conducted by the

Presidency of the Church. The tabernacle was packed and

J. Grant, hundreds were turned away. Presidents Heber

Charles W. Penrose, Anthony W. Ivins, and Elders George Al-

J. Balbert Smith, Reed Smoot, Richard R. Lyman, and Melvm

lard, of the Council of the Twelve, delighted the young people with their presence, their helpful counsels, and strong testimonies concerning the divinity of the great work of the Lord, and gave much encouragement to them to be prayerful, and clean in their habits, and to press on efficiently in the great work before them.

1V1. l. JX. We are certain that the numerous leaders ot the

returned to their home organizations better equipped than ever before, for the heavy responsibilities resting upon them. They

go with two visions before them: to seek divine guidance

through individual and family prayer, and to put their best efforts into providing clean recreation and entertaining leisure trust time activities for the young people of the Church. We

that during the year every effort will be bent toward obtaining the bee*, results than can follow these two objectives.—A.

844 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Messages from the Missions

Big Conference in Arizona

The semiannual conference of the Arizona conference was held at

Tucson, April 2729. Pres. Joseph W. McMurrin, presided, and President

Samuel W. Price, conducted the meetings. A number of missionaries attended. A special priesthood meeting was held on Friday at 5 o'clock, with

eleven missionaries present. The first general session convened on Saturday

morning at Binghampton. All the branches are in good condition. On

Saturday evening a splendid musical operetta was rendered by the Binghampton Mutual under the direction of George Clawson; and on Sunday

morning at 10 o'clock the conference was continued at Tucson, a number of the brethern speaking on various principles of the gospel. President McMurrin urged the Saints to use their talents in forwarding the work of

the Lord, and particularly stressed the need of supporting the living oracles, the chosen leaders of the Church. A number of gospel talks were given by

the elders, and President McMurrin blessed the elders and encouraged them to continue in the lines of their duties and expressed the hope that the

Saints in Tucson would soon have a place of their own in which they could worship the Lord. Splendid musical numbers were given by the

combined efforts of Tucson and Binghampton. The average attendance

throughout the conference was 250, showing a splendid increase in membership, and that the work of the Lord is steadily advancing in Arizona.

Samuel W. Price was released to return to his home in Santa Ana, California, after thirty two months of service in the field.

Elders left to right: (back row) J. Frank Robinson, Wallace C. Thompson, Levor M. Doney, Heber J. Webb, Myron B. Childs, Ray Blackburn;

Dolvman Bayles; (front row) James W. Harvey, Theodore E. Reese, Gecoza

McRae, returned missionary; R. Clarence White, Joseph W. McMurrin,

California mission president; Samuel W. Price, President Arizona conference; Heber E. Farr, president Binghampton branch.

EDITOR'S TABLE 845

Better Conditions in Norwich Elder A. Lewis Elggren, clerk of the Norwich conference, England,

reports that that conference includes the counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, and part of the county of Cambridgeshire, ten elders laboring in that district, all of whom believe that there is still a great work to be done in that country. "President David O. McKay has said, 'This is the harvest and not

the gleaning time'. The British mission has prejudice to surmount. The

word 'Mormon', in some places here has taken on the meaning of everything that is bad. Instead of signifying more good in the mind of an uninformed

Englishman, he conceives it to be more bad. To allay this misconception we

are using tracts telling the truth and denying the anti-'Mormon'slanders about the Latterday Saints. Conditions may not be as smooth and

easy here as in other missions, yet they are not as bad here as some of the Saints of Zion seem to believe. The anti-'Mormon'movement of

a year ago has died down to almost nothing. The enemy played himself

out, and the old polygamy stories were rehashed to such an extent that the public became tired of them,. So the adversary is losing ground

while we are gaining. Attendance of investigators at all our meetings

has increased and we are getting many nonmembers into our cottage meetings. Our largest and best conference was held April 8. President

David O. McKay of the European mission was present and delivered

strong and impressive addresses, taking for his text, 'By their fruits ye) shall know them'."

r**\ 1: fN'*: *'J

'?*>- Hi''';

'i * m"am* kL 12* ii r *'f t f- - fw i. 17 T "f V

.r- ( f

HV t 11 *, 'V m

Elders of the conference, top row, left to right: Arthur H. Aamodt,

Murray; Francis L. Dent, A. Lewis Elggren, James D. Moyle, Salt Lake

City; Floyd A. Bailey, Ogden; Peter Tolboe, incoming conference president, Castle Dale. Middle row: J. W. Ernest Tomlinson, expresident of

the Sheffield conference, Salt Lake City; Russel H. Blood, of the Liverpool mission office, Kaysville; President David O. McKay, of the

European mission; Joseph Coulam, outgoing conference president, Pleasant Grove; William E. Allen, of the Liverpool mission office, Provo.

Bottom row: Claren Schofield, Spring City; Jesse R. Peterson, Hyrum;

and Percy Whetton, Ogden, Utah.

846 IMPROVEMENT ERA No Opposition in Berlin Elder Willard M. Hansen, writing from Berlin, Germany, April 30,

encloses a picture of the missionaries laboring in that conference, taken at their monthly priesthood meeting, April 5. He says further: "We are

blessed here in being able to work with practically no opposition such as one finds in so many other fields. The people seem to have been

prepared during the past few years for the gospel message and we find many who are seeking the truth. Over seventy have been baptized since

the first of January, and if we can continue to work unhindered, we will undoubtedly have a recordbreaking year. Here in Berlin we are fortunate in being able to hold our meetings in the auditoriums of three

large high schools. This will probably sound strange to the missionaries

who were here before the war and who were constantly persecuted and driven from the city because they were 'Mormons.'Conditions here are

not as bad as the American newspapers would make one think. We are

able to buy anything we want if we are willing to pay for it and although one reads of the many cases of starvation, none of us have found an actual case of it yet. Our members here and our Church membelrs

particularly, are blessed with the necessities of life, and they feel that the hand of the Lord is protecting them and helping them during these uncertain times. We all feel that now is the reaping time in Germany

and we hope through our efforts to be able to convert many souls to the truth."

* #\ M I tPT m - '*** *4f

Elders left to right, back row: Vernon Rhodes, Garland; Wayne

Kartchner, Provo Bench; Carl Ballantyne, Ogden; Samuel Hanks, Salt

Lake; Carl Colditz, Chemnitz, Germany; Hermann Strauch, Dresden,

Germany; W. Leonard Beers, Salt Lake; Otto Hardel, Schonlanke, Germany. Second row: Henry Hofer, Salt Lake; Franz Rimmasch, Konigsberg, Germany; J. Russell Hughes, Provo; Conrad Quinney, Logan;

Taylor Peery, Porterville, California; Victor Taylor, Provo; Clinton

Pugmire, Ogden; Homer Duncan, Salt Lake; William Schult, St. Louis,

Missouri; Truman Young, Salt Lake. Front row: John D. Philips, Idaho

Falls; Elwood Winters, Garland; Arnold Ehlers, Salt Lake; Willard M.

Hansen, Salt Lake, conference president; E. Virgil Norton, Salt Lake;

Edward Breitenbucher, Dayton; Conrad Dietz, Salt Lake; Otto Andra.

EDITOR'S TABLE 847

Liquor the Curse of Australia

Elder G. Raymond Hall, Perth, Australia, reports that the work

of the Lord in that part of the world is growing, and that the elders are enjoying their labors well. "Religion is not very popular in this country,

but we are gradually finding a few honest souls. The people here are

great pleasure seekers and the liquor is the curse of the country. We

surely enjoy the Era and look forward to its arrival each month. We

use the numbers to a very good advantage as literature for friends and investigators after we have read them."

Missionaries Treated Kindly and Succeed

Elder H. Landwaard, president of the Amsterdam conference of the

Netherlands mission, reports that at their March 4 conference, some 400 people met at each meeting on Saturday and Sunday to hear the teachings of the Latterday Saint elders and listen to the testimonies of the divinity of the Church. President John P. Lillywhite, now released, was

present and delivered powerful and interesting sermons. "We have

plenty of investigators and many baptisms have been performed. The

people here are hospitable and kind and we have any number of conversations nearly everywhere we go. The Saints are very kind to the

missionaries. We have a well organized Mutual where we teach the

principles of the gospel and the English language. We have a wonderful

Relief Society, between forty and fifty members, and a choir which is a credit to the conference. Amsterdam is a very clean city and a desirable place to work, hence the missionaries are all happy and find

much joy in their labors. We find the Improvement Era a very great

help as a missionary."

Missionaries left to right, top row: H. Noorda, Salt Lake City;

Claire E. Jackson, Ogden; Ralph R. Merrill, Brigham City. Front row:

H. Landwaard, conference president; Johan J. DeBry, Salt Lake City.

PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS'TABLE

New Bishops

New bishops in Weber stake: Ogden First ward, Horace E. Gardner

succeeded Datus H. Ensign; Riverdale, Murray A. Jacobs succeeded Adam

A. Bingham; Kanesville, Ernest Green succeeded George Green; Hooper,

Thomas W. Reed succeeded James R. Beus.

Seminary Graduation

The first graduating exercies of the Granite Stake Seminaary, in which stake, by the way, the seminary idea of the Church schools of the Latterday

Saints was begun, was held in the Granite stake tabernacle, on Sunday evening, May 27, 1923. There were thirtyfive graduates who were presented

with diplomas by President Joseph J. Daynes. Remarks were made by

President Uriah G. Miller and by President Frank Y. Taylor of the Cottonwood and Granite stakes respectively. The big feature of the exercises

was four brief talks by seminary students, Elizabeth Mitchell, Ruth

Pack, Scott Richmond Young, and Hazel Wilkinson. These talks were

characteristic of the studies which have been given to the students in the seminary by Principal John M. Whittaker and Professor Ernest Bramwell. Dr. John A. Widtsoe, commissioner of education of the Church,

gave a stirring address to the graduates. There were musical selections

by nrofessor J. Spencer Cornwall and Misses Melba and Virginia Lindsay.

Gunnison Stake Organized

The Gunnison stake was organized, May 6, 1923, by Elders Joseph

Fielding Smith and Stephen L. Richards, of the Council of the Twelve.

The following officers were appointed: Stake presidency, Allen E. Park,

president; Charles A. Rasmussen, and Leo D. Bradsley, Counselors. High

Councilors, Parley Christianson, Soren Anderson, Edward V. Bunderson,

Joseph A. Larson, Archie M. Mellor, Christian A. Peterson, Winfred L.

Fjeldsted, Henry D. Bartholomew, William J. Metcalf, Royal Whitlock,

Theron Pickett, and LeRoy H. Lund.

The following are the wards with their bishops: Axtell, Charles S.

Despain; Centerfield, Charles S. Hansen; Fayette, George M. Bartholomew,

Jr.; Gunnison, Ernest L. Swalborg; Mayfield, Willard Franklin Willardson;

and Clarion branch, Peter L. Frandsen, presiding elder.

; Ernest Halverson was appointed superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A..

and Amanda Beck, of the Y. L M. I. A.

The Oquirrh Stake Organized

The Oquirrh stake was organized, June 3, at Pleasant Green, Salt Lake

Co., comprising the following wards: Garfield, Magna, Pleasant Green,

Hunter, and Granger, with a population of about 4,000 souls Elder

George A. Little was sustained as president, with Elders John Henry

Bawden and Henry Earl Day as Counselors. The High Councilors appointed were, Daniel H. Jacobs, James C. Bertoch, Fredrick L. Bangerter.

John P. Pendleton, Isaac W. Coon, Ronald M. Woolley, Thomas B.

Barton, and William T. Cannon. Leonard H. Whipple was appointed

superintendent of the Y. M. M. I. A. and Viola B. Jones of the Y. L. M. I. A.

Monthly Message to the "M"Men

IX—THINGS WORTH REMEMBERING

By Thomas A. Beal, Member of the General Board

The power to grow depends on vision and the power to work. If we

know where we are headed, have faith in ourselves, and give our best efforts to what we are doing, there is no reason why we should not reach the predetermined goal. Knowledge of what we are doing helps us to

bend our energies and our faculties toward reaching the desired object.

The power to grow is based also on the power to learn. Every day in our

lives we should add to our storehouse of knowledge some useful information and if we do, we will die well informed. On the other hand, if we

cease studying and learning with the completion of some definite time, information will cease and we will soon be an empty vessel. In other!

words, information must be constantly added to keep the fountain of knowledge from drying up.,

One of the greatest blessings our Creator has given us, and he has given mankind many, is the love of work. Success will come as a rule

to the person who takes pride in his work. No one ever stirred the world

by halfhearted effort. They who have become notable have usually been

hard workers. But not only have they given their time and energy to

their task, but their love has gone with it. Do your best and never trust

to luck; love your work as though it were a living thing; treat everybody fair and square, and you will achieve success in any profession or

undertaking. Usually if we treat others fair we will get the same treatment in return; as we measure out to others it is meted back to us.

Also be good listeners as well as good workers. He who talks much

usually accomplishes little. In this day and age of the world it takes a

great man to make a good listener. Much of the personal admiration for

people comes because of their ability to keep quiet and yet keep their ear close to the surface.

The world needs good listeners in the noisy clamorous age when everyone is trying to get a hearing. He who listens discriminately is a valuable person. Only he who loves his fellow nun with sympathy, tenderness

and intelligence can be a good listener. Cultivate the art of being a good

listener; cultivate the love of work; cultivate the sense of fairness; and

promote the spirit of good fellowship and achievement will be the reJ ward.

Leadership is the Thing From H. C. Sorensen, superintendent Y. M. M. I. A. of the Hyrum stake,

we learn that one hundred per cent of the fund has been collected in that stake, and that good work has been done by the ward workers during the year. He refers especially to N. H. Shaw of the Paradise ward who has

earnestly labored to place that association on its feet. He organized the

scouts, the "M"Men, and a dramatic association. Through the latter he

replenished the funds to the amount of fifty dollars for the first three performances, besides later placing a new community sacrament set in the 850 IMPROVEMENT ERA

ward house. By following performances they were enabled to pay all

their obligations, besides leaving thirty dollars in the treasury. The

meetings of the ward have become very interesting. The musical talent

has been organized, and the association's attendance was raised from thirty to as high as two hundred and twenty. The "M"Men's basket ball team

won the honors, and the boys are ready for the baseball games of the summer. Other wards of the stake have done good work and are primed

for the summer activities.

An Excellent "M"Men's Class O. M. Cahler, president Vernal Second ward, forwards this picture

of the "M"Men's class of that ward, the only class of the kind in

Uintah stake. He says: "It has been characterized by an excellent class

spiritby regular attendance, by class participation in the lessons, by social class spirit and a willingness to help in the Y. M. M. I. A. cause. We are

very proud of this class and our testimony is that all Mutual Improvement associations should have this organization."

Standing: W. Belcher C. Hardy, E. Johnson, T. Ellingford, E. Timothy,

L. Gillman, L. Remington. Sit'ing R. Aycock, 1st assistant; L. Holfeltz,

E. Shelton, secretary; C. Watkins, president of class; C. Eaton, vicepresident of class; M. Calder, president of the Y. M. M. I. A.; and C.

Colton class leader.

New Superintendents New stake superintendents of the Y. M. M. I. A.: For the new Gunnison stake, Ernest Halverson; of South Sanpete stake, Ray Chapman,

Vern O. Kuudsen was chosen superintendent of the Los Angeles stake;

Asael C. Lambert, on March 9, of the Yellowstone stake, and Leonard H.

Whipple, June 3, of the new Oquirrh stake.

Instructive Folders The M. I. A. General board have issued Monthly Special Programs,

32 pages of matter, including, besides the monthly events for the whole year, twelve joint Sunday evening programs under the theme, "The Faith of Our Fathers;"also the twelve weekly Sunday evening outlines, under

the tille, "The Book of Mormon and Some of its Contributions,"for associations holding meetings weekly during the summer months.

Another folder contains a program in detail on Fathers and Sons*

Outings to be held during July and August. Every leader who is to

MUTUAL WORK 851

take charge of one of these popular outings will find these of great value and should be provided with a copy. The very important Recreatiorud

Folder of some 32 pages of instructions to leaders was distributed during conference. This document sets forth some of the objectives and standards

to be attained in our recreational campaign.

Then we have the Song Folder, containing devotional, recreational, and M. I. A. songs, used during the June Conference.

These folders are all of great importance to leaders of Mutual Improvement organizations. Have you a copy of each?

The New Reading Course The new reading course consists of five books as follows:

1. /// Nephi, Book of Mormon, containing very important practical religious instruction, including the account of the visit of our Lord

Jesus Christ, and his teachings, to the people of Nephi as they were gathered in the land Bountiful.

2. Companionable Books, by VanDyke. A book well worth reading.

3. Ox Team Days on the Oregon Trail, by Meeker and Driggs, containing thrilling accounts of pioneer experiences in Oregon and Washington during the early 50's.

4. Including Mother', by Margaret Ashman. A book treating on the

subject of the title*.

5. The Dim Lantern, by Temple Bailey. A novel.

The books may be obtained from the Deseret Book Company or from any dealer in your neighborhood, either in sets or single copies.

Price (1) the Book of Mormon, 75c, $1.50, $2.50 and up; (2) $2.00; (3)

$1.50; (4) $1.50; (5) $2.00. The whole set, cash with order, $6.50, not

including the Book of Mormon; where charge and mailed, $7.30. All

charges must be endorsed by the biehop of ward.

Holding Our Enrollment

There is a general tendency for young men, especially in rural districts to quit Mutual Improvement work when spring comes. Many of our

associations hold ihe'r meetings on Sunday evening. It is very important

that young men as well as young ladies should meet and receive spiritual instructions on the Sabbath day, and especially in the early evening prior to their hours of courtship, when this instruction may prove a safeguard to them.. A special program has been circulated containing an outline

of twelve lessons for associations that meet weekly and Sunday evenings.

Y. M. JVi I. A, Statistical Report, May, 1923

i. 13 "a o c a T3 S* jj-a 13 rtT3 o o l- "c""2fe v c a o a o a a W V B.2 E.2

O ens o 111-1 STAKES 2o <D O Eh V <u o c 6 a. t3 a 6 SV H

w fc <W W W < < < u ob

Bear River 509 | 12 12 94 244 156 1 203 69 7 60 | 80 | "59 95 | 294

Peaver.... 287 1 6 3 27 59 46 1 82 214 19 49 1 42 70 | l.c

Box Elder | 801 | 13 | 13 | 108 | 327 | 183 | 290 908 78 203 81 141 503

Cottonwood 789 | 12 | 8 1 68 1 84 1 162 1 266 580 40 35 58 163 1 296

Deseret... I 454 1 11 1 10 1 80 1 190 I 110 1 170 550 50 102 | 50 94 | 296

....

852 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Y. M. M. I. A. Statistical Report, May, 1923

a u,, M c c a o 6 O 2 xi "S! cu T)u S* c * a a 4ia a so

in Crt uO Crt t.O crt n o 8 B E <o JJ B s S v STAKES 2o o toll S"0 o

81 o P 6 i; o) - a a CO

co fc wg <W. u w |8 $ c << 1J< -<

Hyrum.... 500 10 6 51 79 89 116 335 33 55 39 55 ifio

Kanab.... 222 6 4 32 58 36 70 196 15 21 15 22 73

Mt. Ogden 517 6 6 46 89 118 213 466 30 31 55 145 261

No. Davis 446 8 6 63 73 90 209 435 37 42 35 120 234

No. Weber 684 17 16 97 101 213 245 656 71 29 68 88 256

Ogden.... 800 10 10 85 95 324 242 746 63 34 108 127 332

Pioneer.. 972 13 13 113 177 225 363 878 81 79 109 221 490

Roosevelt. 336 | 11 | 11 81 95 1 81|129 386 46 50 50 75 221

Salt Lake. 1067 1 12 1 12 119 185 | 167 1 400 871 80 95 70 230 475

San Juan.. 270 4 4 27 68 1 59 65 219 13 23 22 26 84

363] 6| 6 54 | 122 | 120 | 152 448 | 30 35 30 50 145

Bingham.. 500 | 12 | 11 83 | 201 | 95|169 548 | 54 102 54 89 299

Blackfoot. 514 12 1 8 78 117 95 141 431 1 62 93 74 110 239

Burley.... 358 10 10 77 148 122 135 482 55 88 78 74 295

Curlew.... 130 10 3 23 41 14 25 10<3 18 15 7 1 16 56

Franklin.. 357 | 11 1 10 91] 121 | 160 | 175 | 547 57 33 J 67 77 234

Fremont.. 6801 13 1 13 117 | 194 | 217 I 223 751 | 79 117 108 f 127 431

Idaho.... 117 12 | 6 47 | 73 1 22 1 47 189 22 34 7 | 20 | 83

321 | 8 | 7 58 | 50 | 142 | 139 389 1 37 37 74 74 222

Pocatello.. 1 432 | 10 | 10 | 84 | 76 |125 |159 1 444 51 25 5 1 80 213

Portneuf. 348 113 84 | 105 111 | 115 415 1 46 39 47 52 U'4

543 1 15 12 I 86 1 137 137 | 165 525 1 64 59 73 8* 28u

Lethbridge 116 | 10 7 46 | 61 30 | 36 1 173 39 35 21 2b 123

Y. M. M. I. A. Efficiency Report, May, 1923

\3>Brt STAKES.-5 a So *> 0-5 w

bear River. 10 5 10 10 I 10 9J 10 "9T

Beaver 8 6 51 5 I 6] 'J I 2 50

Box Elder... I 10 8 10 10 7 I 9 8 90

Cottonwood. I 7 5 I 5 5 I 7 5 5| 55

Deseret I 10 81 10 7 I 9! 8 4 76

Hyrum I 6 5| 10 10 I 9| 9| 10 10 | 86 4 3 I 7 I 7. 7| 9Kanab 7 I P3

s Mt. Ogden.. II I 10 83 9| 10 I 10 10| 51l 10 I 10

North Davis 9 71 S I 10 1 8| 10 91 8| 10| 85

North Weber 9 6 I 9| S I 10| 71 9| 75

Ogden I 9 4 I 8| 9| 10 I 10 10 10 | 7 Pioneer I 9 6 I 10 | 10 10 | 9 I 9 I 8 8 9 1 88

Roosevelt... I 10 6| 10 I 10 10 I 10 [ 10 | 10 10 8 94

Salt Lake... I 8 5| 10| 10 10, 91 10| 9 9 9 89

I 8 6 8 8 6 5 75 Juan.. 8 I 10| San 8!

4 8 10 | 8 10 Sevier I 10 8 10 I 1 10 1 88

Bingham 10 5 | 8 I 9 9| 9 9 I 9 9 6 83

Blackfoot 9 8 7 4 81 6 10 10 6 77

Burley 10 6 I 6 9| 9 1 10 8 6 80

Curlew.... 8 51 10 I 5 10 5 I 10| 10 5 5 73

Franklin 10 4 7 8 10 9 9 6 5 76

Fremont 10 9| 10 I 10 10 I 10! 10 10 I 96

Idaho 10 4 4 3 4| 41 4 4 4 44 85 9 I 10 I 10 1 10 Malad 10 f 6 J 51 10 72 8 10 I I 8 Pocatello... 10 9 I.|

Portneuf 10 7, 5 10| 9. 69

Rigby 9 ] 5 5 I 9| 10 10 72 Lethb ridge 10 10 7 6 I 61 7 7 69 3MIIfHIIIIIIIIIIllilllllllltlllllllUIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIIlllllIIIIIIJItlllllHUlllllllllIIIIIIIIIIIMIIIIIIIIIIIl IHirHlllllIIMIirilllfllllllllllllUIIIIIIIIIIIIflllllllllflllllL=

Messages from the Church Music Committee

71 i 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 f, 1 1 1 r 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1! 1 1 1 1, M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 M 1 1 1 1 [ 1 1 1 1 1 1 M II 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1! M M 1 1 1 J 1 1 1 1 i 1 M M II f 1 1 1 1 [ I M 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 > 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 i 1 1 ( 1 1 1

To the Stake and Ward Music Committees:

Dear Brethren and Sisters:

Arrangements have been made whereby messages from the Church

Music Committee will hereafter appear in the Era, which is also the priesthood organ, so it seems a proper place for this information and instruction to appear.

The music bulletin will therefore be discontinued and each issue of the

Era hereafter will contain this department.

Your brother, Melvin J. Ballard,

Chairman, Church Music Committee.

On the Care of Musical Instruments in the Ward Houses of

The Church One of the most general complaints which comes to the Music Committee from visitors to the services in the wards of the Church concerns the neglect of our musical instruments in chapels and amusement halls. It is

selfevident that the music service, either recreational or devotional, of any ward can in the main be judged by the pianos and organs which are used in its accompaniment. Choir leaders particularly complain that

it is very difficult to get any assistance from the ward authorities toward taking care of these very necessary adjuncts to our worship, and the Music Committee takes this opportunity to draw the matter to the attention of bishoprics.

Aside from the disagreeableness of an outof-tune instrument, there is a real danger in permitting people to sing constantly with an instrument that is out of tune. Singers unconsciously accommodate themselves

to the instruments used to their accompaniment, and the continuous singing with an outof-tune instrument, means the certain destruction of the ear of the vocalist and cannot result in anything less than poor song in any group so accompanied. Particularly with young folks is the practice

of using an outof-town instrument exceedingly harmful.

Usually, organs are easier to keep in condition than pianos because of the manner in which the tone is produced. The reeds in an organ do

not vary and cannot be changed in pitch except by long, hard usage or abuse, but care should be taken that the entire mechanism in an organ, to say nothing of the reeds themselves, may be kept in excellent working order. No instrument should be allowed to fall to pieces. Pianos should

be tuned at least every three to six months, because with usage the strings relax and the pitch is bound to change. There are enough tuners who

would be glad to make tours for the purpose of looking after these instruments if application were made to them. Many might be induced to

take their vacation in this manner if enough tunings were guaranteed to make the trip profitable.

The Music Committee earnestly recommends that this matter have the careful attention of bishoprics and choristers and organists, and the summer is a good time to look after these instruments.

A Choir Roll Book The Music Committee has received a number of enquiries regarding a suitable record book for ward choirs. It is believed that Eilers"'''Sun854 IMPROVEMENT ERA

day School Superintendents'Pocket Record"will serve the purpose of a choir roll very well until a roll book is published—especially arranged

for choirs. This record book may be purchased at the Deseret Book Co.,

44 East South Temple Street, Salt Lake City, Utah, for 50 cents a copy.

It is divided into a number of sections. In one section there is space

provided for an attendance record. This spacing of lines is so arranged

that there is room to keep a record of each member's attendance, both at rehearsals and at services for a year, by using two lines for each name.

As there is much more room in this record than any ward choir will require for its membership record it is suggested that in this same section each hymn, anthem or other selection that the choir sings be inserted and a record kept of the dates it is practiced and the dates it is sung. Such a

rceord of selections will be a great aid to the chorister in giving variety to his programs and in preventing a too frequent repetition of certain pieces.

There are a number of sections in the book where items of various kinds can be recorded. For example one section is headed "Special Matters Requiring Attention;"another "Important Things to de and When;"

another, "Hints, Suggestions, Acts, Anecdotes, Illustrations, etc.;"and one

for "Announcements."It will serve the purpose of a complete record of

the choirs'membership and attendance, its musical activities and practically all business conducted by the choir.

A Pocket Metronome In most standard compositions nowadays the exact tempo is indicated by the Maelzel Metronome, the designation for the tempo being indicated thisthus: J—69, this being found at the beginning of the piece. While

gives the exact rate of speed where a metronome is available, one is left without this certain guide if he does not have access to this little machine, which is quite expensive.

To provide choristers and organists with the means of determining correct tempo the music committee recommends "The Carl Fischer Pocket

Metronome,"a little instrument resembling a tape measure, one and one half inches in diameter and half inch thick, which can be carried in the pocket. Every musician, who desires to know the correct and

exact tempo as indicated by the marks, in accordance with the Maelzel standard, should have this pocket metronome if he does not have access to the standard machine. Order from Consolidated Music Co., Salt Lake City,

Utah, price seventyfive cents. The music committee recommends this helpful little instrument. Full directions for use accompany each metronome.

Alpine Summer School

Instruction will begin on July 23 at the Alpine Summer School conducted by the Brigham Young University at Aspen Grove, nearly nine thousand feet above sea level. The school is open to all students of college

sianding and to post graduates. Courses in biology, geology, literature,

art, and other subjects will be given. Board and lodging will be furnished

by the University at reasonable rates. Besides the regular school work,

there will be a number of attractive social features, according to announcements which have been made by the University.

,;....... - *:: - '

Beet growers in Utah and Idaho received a bonus of $300,000, June 1, from the Amalgamated Sugar Company, says an Ogden dispatch. The

amount represents 75 cents a ton for beets delivered last fall.

The Bulgarian government was overthrown June 9, by a military coup.

The agrarian prime minister, M. Stamboulisky, was arrested, June 11, by

his military body guard, and M. Zankoff was made the head of the new

regime.

Laban John Keys died at his home near Sandy, Salt Lake Co., Utah,

May 30, after an illness of about a year, 66 years old. For 25 years he has

been head of the city ticket office of the Oregon Short Line, and has made a host of friends.

The Presbyterian General assembly in Canada voted, June 11, in favor of amalgamation with the Methodists and Congregationalists. The vole was

426 to 129. The minority leaders at once announced that the Presbyterian church would continue.

The Irish rebellion came to an end, May 28, when Eamonn de Valera, its leader, issued a letter to the republican commandant of the Dublin area, in which he expressed the view that "it is no longer possible to defend the Irish republic by fighting."

Former Bishop Hyrum G. Olsen passed away June 2, at his residence

in Salt Lake City. He was born in Christiania, Norway, fiftyifive years ago

and has been a resident of Utah for fortysix years. For four years he

was the bishop of Liberty ward, Liberty stake.

Curly, the famous Crow scout, was buried at the Crow agency, May 2, says a dispatch from Billings, Montana. He was the sole survivor of the

Custer Massacre, and it was he who brought the first news of it to the outside world in 1876. He died May 22, 68 years old.

Ogden boys graduated in Naval Academy, at Annapolis, June 7. They

were Vincent Paul Conroy, son of Dr. and Mrs. Edward M. Conroy, and

Walter Eugene Browning, son of Mr. and Mrs. J. Edward Browning. Both

boys completed their four years'course with high honors.

The report of the existence of a petrified forest in California has been confirmed. The find was made in Orange county by gentlemen attached

to the Los Angeles Chamber of Commerce. One fossil tree, the report

says, was so old that it was beginning to turn into sandstone!

Mrs. Mary Ann Mayer Rogers died at St. George, Utah, May 15. She

was born at Bucyrus, Ohio, April 9, 1833, and, with her parents, moved to

Nauvoo in 1844. She came to St. George in 1861. She leaves 7 children

49 grandchildren, 107 greatgrandchildren, and 10 greatgreat-grandchildren—173 in all.

Wm. J&.nings Bryain was turned down by the Presbyterians, in their

general assembly at Indianapolis, May 18. He was a candidate for the office of moderator, but was defeated. Dr. Charles T. Wishart was elected.

The reason given for the defeat of the famous Nebraskan was his eland against Darwinism.

856 IMPROVEMENT ERA

Joseph W. Folk died, May 28, in New York, at the home of his'

sister, Mrs. James A. Webb. He was, at one time, governor of Missouri

and a leading politician. He was born in Brownsville Tenn., Oct. 28, 1869.

In 1912 he announced his candidacy for the presidency, but withdrew in favor of Champ Clark.

Mrs. Morilla Little Home died May 27, at her home in Salt Lake City.

She was the daughter of Feramorz Little, the first mayor of Salt Lake

City, and the wife of William J. Home. She was born Nov. 26, 1859, in Salt

Lake City. For more than ten years she was the president of the Granite

Stake Primary board.

William Sears Riggs died, May 15, in Panguitch, Utah, at the home of his son, A. J. Riggs. He was born in Quiney, 111., March 19, 1830, and

came to Sale Lake in 1849. He has lived in Panguitch since 1879. He

leavesgreatgrandchildren—2658 children, 83 grandchildren,descendants.152 greatgrandchildren and 22 greatThe Wendover highway plan was] approved by Secretary of Agriculture

Wallace, May 25. It is the route from Salt Lake City to the Nevada

line, for which money was appropriated by the last state legislature. The

Lincoln Highway association protested in favor of a road from Salt Lake to

Ibapah. The secretary decided in favor of the Wendover route.

East high school graduates of the class of 1923 received their diplomas,

June 7, at the commencement exercises in the school auditorium. Ovfer

22 student were graduated, constituting the largest class ever qualifying in the school, according to Principal J. H. Coombs. An excellent musical

program had been arranged by Miss Lisle Bradford, and the exercises were largely attended.

Senator Smoot accepts an invitation to speak in London, at a dinner to be given by the pilgrims, a society of Americans in the British capital.

The dinner will be given July 12, in honor of the first trip across the Atlantic by the Leviathan. He has also accepted an invitation to speak in

Paris, July 1. Then he will visit the Scandinavian countries, Belgium, Switzerland, and Germany.

At the Brigham Young monument impressive services were held, June 1, in honor of the 122nd anniversary of the birlh of the great pioneer and empire builder. Mayor Clarence Neslen and Mr. H. E. Crockett were the

speakers. Two wreaths, one from the state and one from the city, were

placed on the monument. Appropriate services were held in the Tabernacle, Sunday, June 3.

Mrs. Emma Thomson W oodhouse died, June 4, at Lehi, of ailments

incident to old age. She was born in Kentucky, Oct. 21, 1836, a year after

her parents had joined the Church through the instrumentality of Elder, afterwards president, Wilford Woodruff. In 1837, the family moved to Far West

Mo., and to Nauvoo, 111., in 1840. They crossed the plains in 1849, arriving

in Salt Lake valley that year.

Thomas Henry Wilson, Sr., of Payson, Utah, died at his home in that

city, May 12, ninetythree years old. He was the oldest man in Payson, where he has lived since 1855. He was born in Swainby, England, April

14, 1830; joined the Church in 1855, and arrived in Utah the same year,

in Ballantyne's company. He was, at one time, mayor of Payson, and

has always been prominent in business circles.

President L. H. Redd, of the San Juan Stake, died in the Moab hospital, June 1, after an attack of influenza. He was born at Spanish Fork,

Oct. 25, 1856. Under the instruction of President John Taylor he settled

on the San Juan river, arriving on the present site of Bluff, April 6, 1880.

In 1910 he was appointed president of the San Juan stake. He was prominent in both civic and ecclesiastical affairs in the San Juan section.

PASSING EVENTS 857

A Petition to the Utah supretme court was filed May 22, by the counsel for the defendants in the injunction proceedings growing out of the dispute about the election of Benjamin R. Harris for sheriff. The petitioners pray that the judge of the third district court be restrained] from

exercising jurisdiction in the matter. They allege that the Church has

broken its pledges on which statehood was obtained by interfering in politics.

The body of Elder Carl L. F. Stelter arrived in Salt Lake City May 25,

from Germany, accompanied by Elder Conrad Dietz. Elder Stelter had

been released on account of failing health, but died in a hospital ai

Berlin before he could start for home. He was born in Germany, March

13, 1870, and was the son of Ferdinand Stelter of Stettin, Germany. He

came to Salt Lake accompanied by his family 22 years ago. Funeral services

were held in the Twentyfourth ward chapel, Sunday, Mary 27.

Secretary of War Weeks arrived in Salt Lake*'City, May 29, from Sanj

Francisco, on his way east. He inspected the Jordan Narrows and approved of the location as a military training camp, but! he said the wtaff

department had no money for the project. At Fort Douglas he expressed the view that the camp had deteriorated some, but that there were

no funds for reconstruction purposes. He reiterated the old doctrine of

Bismarck that "preparedness for war is an assurance of peace."

The commencement exercises at the Brighton Young university, Provo,

June 8, marked the close of a successful school year. President Heber J.

Grant, of the board of trustees, presided. The annual report, submitted

by President Franklin S. Harris, showed the university to be in a flourishing condition. President A. W. Ivins addressed the graduates, and

President Heber J. Grant delivered the final address, in which he ex*-

pressed his appreciation of the loyalty of the B. Y. U. faculty, the faculties

of other Church schools and the Latterday Saints generally.

Great Salt Lake is twotenths of a foot higher than it was at the highest peak in July last year, the previous high water record at any timya since 1890, according to a report by J. Cecil Alter, meteorologist in

charge of the Salt Lake weather bureau, published May 20. It is now

seven and seventenths feet above the zero of the water gauge. The present

elevation is about nine feet above that of the winter of 1902-3, when the water was at the lowest elevation on record.

An Indian convention has been planned at Onondaga N. Y., July 1, 2,

and 3, according to a call issued to the Six Nations, for the purpose of discussing the "inalienable right of the Indians to mind their own business without outside interference."Chief Dominic Two Axe is mentioned

as leader of the movement. He claims that Uncle Sam owes the Indians

vast sums of money for the use of their land,'and that the debt must be paid with money and not with schools and hospitals.

Tornado, flood, and fire visited Hot Springs. Ark., May 14, and

left devastation in their wake. A cloudburst started the flood which split

the city into three sections. Flames burst out in several places. From

Colorado City, Texas, came a report the same day that seventeen persons were dead and one hundred injured as a result of a tornado which swept through Mitchell county. The wind leveled buildings and caused

death and destruction for a distance of thirty miles. The propertly loss

in Arkansas is estimated at exceeding a million dollars.

The Moffat tunnel decision was confirmed by the U. S. supreme

court, June 11. This gives the Moffat Tunnel commission the right td

issue bonds, and, practically, makes it certain that another railroad will enter Salt Lake City from the east, in due time. "When completed, the

James peak tunnel will be open to common use, and it is indicated in the supreme court decision that the Denver and Rio Grande Western, as well 658 IMPROVEMENT ERA

as the Moffat road, will take its traffic between Denver and Salt Lake City through this tunnel, this route being much shorter than the present.

The new L. D. S. chapel at Oakland, Cal., was dedicated, Sunday,

May 13, by Pres. Heber J. Grant. The morning meeting was set aside

for Mothers'day services, at which Carl Kjar paid tribute to mothers.

Conference President Joseph W. McMurrin and President Heber J. Grant

addressed the meeting. At the afternoon session President W. Aird McDonald of the Oakland branch, Norman B. Phillips, the first president

of the branch, and Willard D. Ellis, the present branch president, spoke

briefly, giving reports of the erection of the chapel, which was dedicated by President Grant.

Evolution was discussed by the Presbyterian general assembly at Indianapolis, May 22. A resolution to withhold "official approval"from

educational institutions that teach "a materialistic evolutionary philosophy of life"or which attempt to "discredit the Chritian faith,"was passed!.

Mr. Bryan's proposition to withdraw financial support from such schools

was voted down. Mr. Bryan afterwards explained that the "resolution

had been steamrolled by a machineridden convention attended by a minority group of clever politicians."Mr. Bryan said he had had experience enough in politics,, to know a machine when he saw one.

Funeral services for Mrs. Sarah Louisa Smith Roberts were held, May

21, at the Centerville ward chapel. Mrs. Roberts was born in 1854 and

was a daughter of William Reed Smith and Emeline Levitt Smith. Her

father was among the prominent men who settled Davis county. He served

three terms in the territorial legislature and in 1874 was elected probate judge of Davis county. He presided over Davis stake until his death in

1894. Mrs. Roberts was married to B. H. Roberts in 1877 and was the

mother of six children: Mrs. T. W. Naylor, Ben E. Roberts, Mrs. Ross

G. Worsley, Miss Luna Roberts, Mrs. George H. Buehler and Mrs. E. N.

Wigton, all of whom were with her at the end.

Stanley Baldwin succeeded Bonar Law as prime minister of Great

Britain, May 22, having been called to that office by the king, undoubtedly at the suggestion of the retired premier. He is little known outside

of England. Under Lloyd George he was connected with the treasury, and

Bonar Law made him Chancellor of the Exchequer. He was a member of

the British debt commission which met, in Washington, the American commission, of which Senator Reed Smoot is a member, and agreed on a settlement of Great Britain's war debt to the United States. Bonar Law

resigned his position, May 20, on account of ill health. His resignation

was felt as a great loss to the conservative party.

Extensive additions to the Temple, Salt Lake City, are under consideration by the Church authorities, according to an announcement published June 1, after a conference between Bishop David A. Smith and the

architect, Lewis T. Cannon. A large dressingroom and washroom for

women will be added to the southwest basement section. A new checkjdining-room, kitchen and waiting room will be built. Side wings to the

present annex to include rooms for recording and completing records for the vaults will also be erected.

A Memorial monument was unveiled at Tooele, Utah, on Memorial day, May 30, in the presence of a large throng. It was erected by the local

Daughters of the Pioneers. The Monument is of beautiful Utah Granite

with the names of the dead inscribed thereon in the following order:

Garfield, Daniels, Willard C. Gowans, Eugene B. Isgreen, John A. Hogan,

George A. Greenly, George W. Goins, Grant Lyman, Frank Peterson, Angelo

Santralla, Earl P. Brown, Lear E. Austin, Henry M. Haynes, Raymond

C. Williams, James I. Howells, Merl C. Lyman, Ross J. Bracken, Olaf

Ekensten, Theodore E. Gourgrotes, Eginio Rosson, and Arthur A. Nelson.

PASSING EVENTS 859

The name of Stanley Stipic who died since the Monument was ordered has not been inscribed on the stone as yet.

President George H. Brimlwll has just returned to Provo, from a visit

to southern Nevada, according to a notice in the Provo Post, May 23. The

district visited is one in which Superintendent A. L. Kelley, a graduate of

the B. Y. U., has been working for ten years. At Bunkerville, President

Brimhall found 25 per cent of the entire school populatoin enrolled in the high school and 16 per cent of the high school enrollment is in the graduating class. Not one of them used tobacco. In the entire town having

a population of 500, there is only one smoker. President Brimhall delivered commencement addresses at the Virgin high school at Bunkerville

and at the Moapa valley high school at Overton. "Whatever failures there

may be there is no failure with the young people,"declared Presidentemeritus George H. Brimhall.

Use of Utah lake as a storage reservoir with an annual capacity cJf!

540,000 acrefeet; enlargement of the outlet at Jordan river to a capacity

of 1800 secondfeet; control of floods in Salt Lake county by bringing the

surplus canal up to 1700 secondfeet, are some of the possibilities which have been studied in the joint federal and state investigation of the Utah lake division of the Great Salt Lake project. Prominent among the areas

which might be brought under water with proper drainage or other features provided include: In Tooele valley, 24,000 acres. In the area west and

southwest of Salt Lake City, 34,000 acres. In the vicinity of Lehi, 10,000

acres. At the south end of Utah lake, around Mosida, 14,000 acres. In

Provo bay, a new area to be erected by separating it from Utah lake by a dike, 8,000 acres.

The board of trustees of the L. D. S. University, Salt Lake City, was

reorganized, May 14, and Sylvester Q. Cannon, president of the Pioneer

stake, was appointed president. The other members are Nephi L. Morris,

Hugh J. Cannon, Frank Y. Taylor, U. G. Miller and Soren Rasmussen

stake presidents. Arthur Winter retained his position as secretary of the

board. The cahnge in the board came as a result of the policy adopted

by the Church board of education that none of the general Church officials or members of the Church Board of education should belong to the local boards of trustees of the various Church schools, with the exception of the B. Y. U. and the B. Y. C, because the deed of gift with

which President Brigham Young endowed these two schools provides that the president of the Church shall hold the position of president of the board of trustees.

Scores perished in a fire in a schoolhouse at Cleveland, S. C, May

18, where four hundred parents, children, and friends were gathered to witness a commencement play. The fire started when a hanging lamp

over the stage fell and burst, blazing oil catching flimsy draperies and quickly spreading. The audience, mostly children, became panicstricken.

Men in the crowd attempted to quiet those who became frightened, but a rush was made for the one stairway that led to the ground floor. A

jam resulted, the stairway collapsed and scores were hurled into a closet under the steps. Some were impaled by jagged timbers from the broken

stairs. Soon the splintered stairway caught fire. Those not killed bjy

the fall perished in the flames. Sixtytwo bodies were placed in one big

grave in Beulah Methodist church yard. Three thousand South Carolinians,

led by Governor Thomas G. McLeod, gathered from all parts of the

state to pay a last tribute to those who had perished.

Chinese bandits released their captives June 12, after having heldJ them in the mountain fastnesses since May 6. On that date a band of

outlaws held up and derailed the ShanghaiPekin express, near Suchow.

The passengers were turned out in their night clothes and driven, like a flock of cattle, towards the mountains. From time to time, after thja

capture, prisoners were released and sent out to demand "terms"for the 860 IMPROVEMENT ERA

release of the other. The bandits demanded to be enrolled in the Chinese

army and to receive six months'back pay, and to emphasize their demand they murdered a number of their Chinese victims. Among the

women prisoners taken in the train raid was Miss Lucy Aldrich, sisterin- law of John D. Rockefeller, Jr., and her traveling companion, Miss Minnie

McFadden. The two women became separated upon their release and

Miss Aldrich suffered many painful and devastating experiences before she finally made her way to a small village, fifteen miles from the scene of the holdup. The only woman who reached the Paotzuku headquarters of the bandits was Mrs. Manuel A. Verea, who did not leave the

bandit camp until May 20.

Four weekly papers published in foreign languages, in Salt Lake City, viz., the DanishNorwegian, the German, the Swedish and the Dutch, have

formed an association for the purpose of combining their business interests under one management, and cooperating in their editorial work.

Elder Adam Petersen, of Salt Lake City, has been appointed business manager of the Associated Papers, and P. S. Christiansen editor of Bikubeti),

Willy Wehler, of the Salt Lake City Beabachter, C. A. Krantz, of the Utah

Posten, and Wm. J. de Bry of De UtahNederlander. In addition, an editorial committee has been appointed for the purpose of directing the editorial policy of the papers and render such assistance as may be required

from time to time. The members of this committee are Dr. John A.

Widtsoe, of the Council of the Twelve; Rulon S. Wells, of the First Council of Seventy; Andrew Jenson, Assistant Historian, and Elders J. M.

Sjodahl and Wm. J. de Bry. Elder J. M. Sjodahl, on June 1, was ap>-

pointed the Executive Representative of this committee. The reorganization is the result of recommendations made by Dr. John A. Widtsoe and

Bishop John Wells, of the presiding bishopric, who, on March 28, this year, were appointed a committee, by the First Presidency, to consider the entire question of the publication, in Salt Lake City, of the Church periodicals in foreign languages, and these recommendations have been approved by the First Presidency.

Hans J. Christiatvsen died,

May 27, at his home in Salt Lake

City, after five weeks'illness. For

many years he has been prominent in Church work, especially in the missionary field. Elder

Christiansen was born in Denjmark, January 9, 1848. He spent

his early life on the sea, and at the age of 21 entered the Danish army. He joined the

Church in 1871 in Copenhagen and came to Utah in 1873. He

lived in Cache valley for several years. Elder Christiansen filled

five missions and presided over the Scandinavian mission from 1914 to J920. He was ordained

a high priest in 1909 and was made a patriarch in January of this year. From 1906 to 1914 he was

assistant editor of Bikuben, the

Danish newspaper here. Funeral

services were held in the 17th ward meetinghouse, May 30, and the principal speakers were Andrew Jenson, George F. Richards,

John A. Widtsoe, and President

Hans J. Christiansen Nephi L. Morris.

"Many of our Saints and friends are subscribers of the Era, and many others are very pleased to read back issues which are distributed, often serving as tracts.

All greatly enjoy the interesting and faithpromoting articles, as well as the fund of knowledge and entertainment which each issue contains. Our desires are ever

that this publication of the Church will continue to serve its good purpose in the world at large, particularly in the mission field."John T. Paradise, secretary Canadian mission.

Improvement Era, July, 1923 Two Dollars per Annum Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as second class matter

Acceptance for mailing at special rote of postage provided for in Section 1103, Act of

October 3, 1917, authorized on July 2, 1918

Address Room 406 Church Office Building, Salt Lake City, Utah

Heber J. Grant, Melvin J. Ballard, Business Mgr. iFd't

Edward H. Anderson, J Moroni Snow, Assistant.

Comb Wash, Looking Northward, Frontispiece

Keep Smiling. A Poem Theodore L. Curtis 769

. Ivins 771Traveling Over Forgotten Trails. Illustrated Prest. Anthony W

His Need of Me. A Poem C. N. Lund 784

Hearts and Hollyhocks. A Story—XI Ruth Moench Bell 785

An Old, Black Crow. A Poem Alan C. R&dpath 790

A Relic of Cadianton: Old Posey as I Knew Him.

Illustrated..Albert R. Lyman 791

May I Ne'er be Ungrateful. A Poem Helen Kimball Orgill 801

The Egotist. A Story H. L. Johnston 802

Rainbow Bill. A Poem Alfred Osmond, 805

A Pioneer Incident S. C. Richardson 806

Roger W. Babson 808 Fundamentals of Prosperity—I-HI

Prayer. A Poem George H. Brimhall 816

This is All I Pray. A Poem,.- Alan C. Reidpath 817

Will I Know? A Poem Delia Fish Smith 817

Early Missionary Labors of President Brigham

Young 4 Preston Nibley 818 A Study of the Book of Mormon Texts—I J. M. Sjodahl. 825

The Winged Deluge. A Story Robert Sparks Walker 830

False or True. A Poem Alfred LambouhJe 834

Claude C. Cornwall j. 835

Why I Remain a "Mormon"Paul E. Reimaun.... - 837

The Light that is Felt. A Poem John G. Whitiier 840

Editors'Table—Prayer 841

The June M. I. A. Conference 842

Messages from the Missions 844

Priesthod Quorums'Table 848 Mutual Work 849 Messages from the Church Music Committee 853

Passing Events 855 Go To Summer School

There is a real advantage in beginning a commercial course in the summer. Pupils are

thereby enabled to complete their work at a time when applicants for employment are relatively scarce. Moreover, no ambitious

young person can afford to lose the summer months.

Summer Courses

The courses offered in the L. D. S. Business

College Summer Session are identical with those offered in winter and include preparation for all kinds of office positions. The principal subjects of instruqtion

are Bookkeeping, Shorthand, Typewriting, Penmanship, Business English,

Commercial Law, Business Arithmetic, Office Training. Complete training is

also given in the use of the Posting Machine, Burroughs Calculator, the Dictaphone, and the Mimeograph.

L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Day and Evening Sessions All the Year

Call Wasatch 3951

McCormickDeering Primrose BallBearing

CREAM SEPARATOR AND 13 REASONS WHY YOU SHOULD OWN ONE

1. Hand or power operated.

2. Ball bearings.

3. Greater capacity with less labor.

4. Slower crank speed.

5. Easier turning.

6. Less wear and longer life.

7. Improved oiling.

8. Visible oiling system.

9. Steadier running.

10. Improved tinware.

11. Antisplash supply can.

12. Convenient bowl vise.

13. Easy bowl adjustment.

International Harvester Company of America

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH Store KING COAL

BLACK NOW! HAWK

Freight congestion this Fall COAL will make it hard to get coal for cold weather needs.

King Lump is the most economical coal you can buy there's more heat and less waste per ton!

Ask your dealer for KING COAL and insist on getting it.

UNITED STATES FUEL COMPANY

Kearns Bldg. Salt Lake City

NEW M.I.A. READING COURSE

teach, books that enter-A well balanced course—books that

tain, books that amuse. Worthy of a place in every home

or public library, for their literary value, their wholesomeness, their inspiration.

TTT NFPTTT

COMPANIONABLE BOOKSFrom BOOK OF MORMON By Van Dyke

THE DIM LANTERN By Temple Bailey OX TEAM DAYS ON THE

INCLUDING MOTHER OREGON TRAIL By Ashmun By Meeker and Driggs

All on sale at this store.

Complete information on request.

Deseret Book Company 44 E. So. Temple Salt Lake City

You Can Get Interest 8% On your money with double real estate security from us.

We are classified as a Cooperative Land Mortgage Bank and operate under the direct supervision of the Securities Commission of the the Banking Department of Utah.

BETTER TAKE 8% WITH SAFETY Write for information today Guaranteed Securities Company 206 Clift Bldg., Salt Lake City, Utah

Integrity Inspires Confidence JOSEPH WILLIAM TAYLOR Utah's Leading Undertaker and Licensed Embalmer 2125 SOUTH WEST TEMPLE SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Phones: Wasatch 7600

Both Office and Residence My Service has the Little Marks of Difference that Make it Distinctive

Cool, Refreshing, Delicious, HAfl

The New Dairy Drink WU It is just as nourishing and wholesome as it is delicious—both

children and adults will enjoy this new dairy drink made from sweet flavored chocolate and pure Harris Milk.

At grocers and soda fountains y2 pint 5c Delivered at your door 1 pint 10c 1 quart 18c

Harris Bros. Dairy

725 So.State Was. 3183

Milk, buttermilk, cottage cheese, and whipping and coffee cream J Follow a Profession and be Independent

Openings for salesmen in all parts of the InterMountain Region.

Call or write

InterMountain Life Insurance Company

Boston Building Salt Lake City, Utah.

Strong Conservative Progressive

Don't Miss Owning Fire is no Rodger W. Babson's

EpochMaking Books Respector The Fundamentals of Persons of Prosperity "Probably the first serious effort You may wait till tomorrow by a recognized business expert to spiritual of an interrelation show to fire may insure—but the World, Y. life."N. commercial and

$1.00. not Making Good in "See our agent in your town**

Business "Stimulates our courage to go forth and fight the battle of everyUtah Home Fire day life with new hope and clear $1.25. Harris, P. vision."—Paul Insurance Co. (Pres. Emer., Rotary Clubs)

GET THEM TODAY At All Booksellers HEBER J. GRANT & CO.,

Fleming H. Revell Company General Agents

New York 158 Fifth Ave. Salt Lake City, Utah

Chicago 17 W. Wabash Ave.

WJ dN WRITING TO ADVERTISERS, PLEASE MENTION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Buy Bennett's Products in your own town

If not sold there, write us, Salt

Lake City.

Nothing better can be made.

Prepared expressly for this climate.

ggS3<3E3<$g3<3S3<$S3<S3S3<3S3<3$S3<3S3S3

Ask your dealer for Z. C. M. I. Factory Made

1 iM ft* Kiddies AUovers DUTCH CUT I They are the famous Mountaineer Brand in dark blue, light blue, striped and khakis. I are just what you need for theS3 Mothers—they

little the kiddies tots—and

like them too.

P9 1181M 1MS3E3<E3<E3<E3<S3<E3<E3ae

For Peace of Mind and security tomorrow, take out insurance today. To know that you are

adequately insured will give you a sense 6jL satisfaction and your family a feeling of security that nothing else"can 'equal. See us today.

BENEFICIAL LIFE INSURANCE CO.

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH HEBER J. GRANT, Pres. LORENZO N. STOHL, Mgr.