:siS:s;!j-hs'S;gfS

PPPPIfSi *!

MMMMXm&&i

APR It 1949 equals %\i\ti0 s for speed

The teakettle sings before yoti know it—with a modern "CP"

automatic gas range.

Faster boiling, topcooking, broiling a speedier griddle, a quicker oven all yours with gas and only gas.

Just turn on any burner (they all light automatically!) and you get

full heat instantly.

No warmup, no waiting. You see

that lively blue flame in action.

Cook faster, SpwdAffiJlaAMJt, AOtyA:

the modern wau9 with Savenew gastimerange,in choosingtoo. Consideryour

only makes and models bearing the "CP"seal—dependable

standard of quality, features, performance.

MOUNTAIN FUEL SUPPLY COMPANY Serving Twentyseven Utah and Three Wyoming Communities

EXPLORING '>,-.vi \at..tut.. STHE

By DR. FRANKLIN S. HARRIS, JR.

Dabylonian contracts of 2000 B.C.

tell of paying the owner so many gin of silver, as a full price, for unoccupied houselots or established gardens, "That in the future he will not one make complaint."

'T'he carat seed from an India plant in the origin of unit used was the M at a gems, otherweighing and diamonds except pearls for which a rice grain was employed.

A new drycell battery promises longtime / er life and elimination of almost all soldered connections, a major cause of battery failure. The plastic cells Twohanded eating enjoyment may

are automatically interlocked to make not be good manners, but it's certainly electrical connections, and efficiently good taste if what you reach for is use the space. These miniature cells TOWN HOUSE Chocolatedrop Cookies

will be used in portable radios and by Purity.

hearing aids. What youngster could resist the rich,

A new chemical, phenosulfazole and *Q tender goodness of cookies made with named "Darvisul,"has been found *<i fresh butter and eggs and lots andwhich seems to stop infantile paralysis. iV lots of chocolate drops!

This modified sulfa drug developed by Get a package of TOWN HOUSE

Dr. Murray Sanders of Columbia UniCookies next time you shop for groversity College of Physicians and a ceries. Whatever you serve for dessert,

group of chemists of Lederle Laborathese fresh baked, oven fragrant tories has been given to seventy pacookies are perfect accompaniment.

tients already and further trials are being made.

HThe most important modern discovLook for the blue and yellow Testament ery ever in Old made announced hasmanuscripts been by TOWN HOUSE packageDr. Millar Burrows of Yale UniverHOUSEsity. The entire book of Isaiah was Ml)CHOCOLATE DROP

found on a wellpreserved scroll of parchment dating from the first century B.C., compared to the ninth century A.D. for complete Hebrew manuiDGcaieA

scripts of Isaiah or any part of the

Old Testament we had had before.

This valuable manuscript with others was discovered by a Bedouin in a cave near the northern shore of the Dead life

Sea. These writings had been hidden

in earthenware jars, wrapped in linen,***!&

and covered with a black wax. <&

Tt is suggested by Jackson B. Hester tf!k that the darkening of fruits and s

vegetables, upon being cut and exposed to the air, is in part due to a change Tune toof various iron compounds in that the TOWN P W i k V iron changes from ferric to ferrous HOUSE form. MELODIES

KDYL Tn England a new wallboard is being Sundays made from straw by the application 4:30 PURITY BISCUIT CO. - SALT LAKE - PHOENIX

of pressure and heat.

APRIL 1949 193 /llmprouemenrlEra m f: '*TH t V01 CS OF T H E CHUIC H '>*f'.lM *j 1949

::::-.,

Ifjir NUMBER 4

aSsitessa #?>#&,.?

OFFICIAL ORGAN OF THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, MUTUAL IMPROVEMENT ASSOCIATIONS, DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION

MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF THE CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LATTERDAY SAINTS

The Editor's Page Faith—and Life George Albert Smith 201 Conference for Era Writers

'T'he Improvement Era will hold

Church Features "T a oneday conference for its in the 1.6, 1949, June Young L. to 210 writers, Mission Green Doyle Polynesia—II Building, Memorial 50 Main, North in for 212 Ancient Baptism Nibley Hugh the Dead Times—Conclusion... Salt City, Lake Utah, commencing for the Branch Valley 215 Deaf Thurston Ross Salt Lake Edwin at a.m. 9:30 Discussions to designed

of Portrait President Albert 224 Smith George help the beginning the experiand Evidences and Reconciliations—Who and What Are the Angels? enced writer and to indicate the

(a reprint) Charles W. Penrose 225 needs and requirements of the Era

The Church Moves On 196 Melchizedek Priesthood 234 will be given. Three seminars will

M.I.A. June Conference AnnounceNo-LiquorTobacco Column 235 be held in the afternoon. These will

ment, C. Josephson Marba

Salt Theatre to Produce Lake 198 The Presiding Bishopric's Page 236 dealand thewithfeaturethe shortarticle.story,At noonpoetry,a

Play 230 This Month with Church Publicaluncheon will be held at which the

Missionaries Leaving for the Field..233 tions 255 writers themselves will give some of

their work. In the evening the conSpecial Features ference is invited to participate in

the drama festival which precedes Young Men and Women of the Church—Your Day is Now! Conference. June

M[ Men Basketball...J. 194849 WesleyDoyle P,L. GreenLloyd 202205

Goldsmiths of Ancient Times Levi Edgar Young 206 "Off the Record"—Let's Talk It Over..... Mary Brentnall 209

Food, Hunger, and People—The Church and Modern Society—IV

—G Homer Durham 216

The Spoken Word from Temple Square Richard L* Evans 221 The Cover

Exploring the Universe, Franklin Durham 195 >S. Harris, Jr 193 On the Bookrack 223 'T'he storm and cold of winter are

Era Writers'Conference AnHoming: How to Make the Fam- T soon forgotten in the burst of

nounced 194 ily Work, Eugene Olsen 228 new leaves that help create new

Cover Note 194 Cook's Corner, Josephine B. hope and a desire for better living.

These Times: World Affairs and Nichols 229 The fresh breezes of spring seem

April Conference, G. Homer, Your Page and Ours 256 to hover over the landscape in this

delightful photograph, the work of

Eva Luoma, adapted to cover use

To Our Leader! John A* Widtsoe 225 by Charles Jacobsen.

Stories, Poetry Editors The Fort on the Firing Line—Part VII Albert R. Lyman 218 JohnGeorgeA. AlbertWidtsoeSmith

Courage, Maurine Jacobs 198 The Morning Star, Adrienne L. De Managing Editor

Frontispiece: The Bride, Alma Witt 208 Richard L. Evans

Robison Higbee 199 Request, Elaine V. Emans 232 Assistant Managing Editor

Poetry Page 200 The Dream, Catherine E. Berry....251 Doyle L. Green

Remembering, Pauline Havard 204 To a Child Watching Bubbles, Associate Editor

Request, Elaine V. Emans 232 Katherine Fernelius Larsen 254 Marba C. Josephson

General Manager j Executive and Editorial Offices: Elbert R. Curtis

50 North Main Street, Salt Lake City 1, Utah Associate Manager

Copyright 1949 by Mutual Funds, Inc., a Corporation of the Young Bertha S. Reeder

Men's Mutual Improvement Association of the Church of Jesus Christ Business Manager of Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subscription price, $2.50 a John D. Giles

year, in advance; foreign subscription, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c Editorial Associates

single copy. Elizabeth J. Moffitt

Entered at the Post Office, Salt Lake City, Utah, as secondclass Albert L. Zobell, Jr.

matter. Acceptance for mailing at special rate of postage provided for Advertising Director

in section 1 103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2, 1918. Verl F. Scott

The Improvement Era is not responsible for unsolicited manuscripts, National Advertising Representatives but welcomes contributions. Edward S. Townsend,

All manuscripts must be accompanied by sufficient postage for delivery and return. San Francisco and Los Angeles

Change of Address: Dougan and Bolle,

Fifteen days'notice required for change of address. When ordering a change, please include Chicago and New York

address slip from a recent issue of the magazine. Address changes cannot be made unless the old Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

address as well as the new one is included.

194 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

... %

WORLD AFFAIRS AND

APRIL CONFERENCE

By DR. G. HOMER DURHAM

Head o/ Political Science Department,

University of Utah

/)n August 24, 1948, John Foster

Dulles addressed the Assembly of the World Council of Churches, convened after no little effort and planning at Amsterdam, Holland. He said:

As we analyze the world situation,

Christian responsibility emerges as an inescapable fact. The moral principles that

need to be put to work are implicit in all the great religions. But Christians believe

that moral truth was uniquely revealed by

Jesus Christ. Also, Christianity emphasizes

not merely the relations of man to God, but also the relations of man to man. So the BAtt

Christian churches should feel a special responsibility. If they do not discharge it, * political leadership can scarcely hope to '*e leaves

succeed.

This is the new gentle way to bale hay, saving more of

This is a serious charge upon the the leaves.

churches. Every commentator for ten years has been saying that moral prinThe ONE MAN ROTOBALER lifts the windrow and

ciples need to be put to work. Mr. rolls it up like a carpet. Leaves and blossoms are

wrapped inside so they cannot escape. The pictures here

show how it is properly done. Wide double windrows cure

fast and make the best rolled bales. They unroll easily in

a thick, soft carpet of fluffy straw or hay.

Rolled bales can also be fed whole in the feedrack.

They stack compactly, will not buckle, and feed with a minimum of waste.

The ONE MAN ROTOBALER was designed and

Dulles, in effect, is saying that if this priced for home ownership. The hour your crop is ready,

world's need is to be met, it must begin you can get it safely into rolled bales that shed showers with the churches. The churches are like a thatched roof.

the claimants to and custodians of moral principles. Can the churches put See your AllisChalmers dealer early if you'd like to

them to work in modern life? "If they own a ROTOBALER this year.

do not,"says Mr. Dulles, "political

leadership can scarcely hope to succeed."

Tf this line of reasoning is correct, readers of this column have a double responsibility. Not only do we,

with our fellow Christians, "believe that moral truth was uniquely revealed by Jesus Christ,"but that the basic knowledge of God's personality and nature, and Christ's, was again revealed, in unique fashion, in modern times. Therefore the issue might be,

for purposes of interest in this column, stated this way: The world is in a Double windrows are easily made by reversing direction

of raking. Ideal for the job is the new DRIVEN POWERmoral as citizens are actualcrisis. We AllisChalmers Side Delivery and Tedder, Rake with selective

ly leadership demanding moral the from reel It speeds. true, steers straight, airy makes windrows.

politicians of our age. But can moral

principles be thus employed? If so,

what are we who claim custody of restored truth doing about it? And,

if we do not discharge the obligation, how can we expect Truman, Stalin,

Trygve Lie, or others to do so?

(Concluded on page 222) APRIL 1949 195 j Ike L/nWtscXi 0V-E-S-

President Richards In the meantime, in April 1853, two

President George F. Richards of the more elders had been called to the

Council of the Twelve, and the Chinese Mission, but they were aseldest General Authority of the Church signed to labor elsewhere, and never observed his eightyeighth birthday went to China.

on February 21. At that time he was President David O. McKay, then a

in the hospital for a checkup. Presimember of the Council of the Twelve,

dent Richards was sustained as a memin company with the late Hugh J.

ber of the Council of the Twelve at Cannon, encircled the globe in the the April 1906 general conference, and interest of the Church in 192021. It

These Features Give You a became President of the Twelve on was during this journey that President

More Enjoyable Journey! May 21, 1945. McKay dedicated the land of China

| # Greyhound controls the temperfor the preaching of the gospel.

ature inside, with draftless air conditioning. It's warm in winChinese Mission

ter; cool in summer. HPhe First Presidency has announced Belle S. Spafford

2. Wide windows, with safetyglass, the creation of the Chinese Mis- "JiyiRS. Belle S. Spafford, general

perfect observation, allow and sion, Robertson, Hilton A. and called president Societies the Relief of

filter rays. harsh sun out president Utah, former a of Provo, elected the of of third has Church, been

filled chairs, Soft, upholstered 3. to preside Mission, over the Japanese vice of the president Council National restful, cushsponge-rubber with

ioning, cradle your body, and inthe new mission. of Women in the United States. She

sure longtrip relaxation. President Robertson is first counselor will succeed to the presidency of the

4. Long wheel base and cushiony in the East Provo Stake presidency. He organization after the vice presidents

springing mean a smoother, more was called on a mission to Japan in preceding her. relaxing ride.

1921, and for a time, before that misMrs. Spafford, the general president

... and there are no lower fares! sion was closed in 1924, he presided of the Church Relief Societies since

107 South Temple West over the mission. 1945, was appointed to the general

City. Salt Utah Lake

Phone 5-4694 board in 1935. From 1937 to 1942 she

GREYHOUND LEADS IN COURTESYt edited The Relief Society Magazine.

At that time she became second counselor in the general presidency of the

Relief Societies.

Genealogical Microfilm Unit 'T'he microfilm laboratory recently placed in operation by the Genealogical Society of the Church ranks with the best in the nation. Located on

the second floor of the Joseph F. Smith

Memorial Building in Salt Lake City.

HILTON A. ROBERTSON it is capable of processing automatically forty feet of thirtyfive millimeter

Twelve years later, in 1936, he was film a minute.

called to reopen the Japanese Mission (now the Central Pacific Mission) in Ward Reunions the Hawaiian Islands. He served in /entennial programs were held in

that capacity until 1940. Soon after the oldest wards in the Salt Lake

his return he was ordained bishop of Valley during February, and traditional the Provo Eighth Ward, and was ward reunions were held in a great smiiocu&D Eastlater ProvosustainedStakeas presidency.a member of the manyIt waswardson Februarythroughout22, the1849,Church.that

of the nineteen ordained bishops Honolulu, Aki, of were Elder K. Henry IN ITS Pl\Of\LN\

city. in the designated as President called wards has The been Hawaii,

first counselor in the missame month four county wards had WRAPPER.. NO Robertson's

sion presidency. With them will go been designated.

RlNP., NO WASTE Sister Robertson and Sister Aki. Although there was a bishop at KirtNO EXPOSURE.. /V\Mm forChinamissionarywas discussedendeavoras aaspossibilityearly as landas a unitand withone ain bishopMissouri,seemstheto wardhave

1849. Three missionaries were called come into existence during the Nauvoo

to China in August 1852, and left Salt period of the Church. There were

Lake City that October 20, for the wards at Winter Quarters, and there ultimate destination of Hong Kong. were wards in the Old Fort, in Great

They met with little success either Salt Lake City, which functioned until among the Europeans in Hong Kong, the nineteen wards were created in or the natives. They returned soon. February 1849.

196 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Church Welfare

"D utter and cottage cheese are now being produced on Welfare Count Your Savings

Square in Salt Lake City, through the

Church welfare plan. For the present,

andone hundred fifty pounds of butter with aCASE Combinewill be churned about every fifth day.

The butter will go to the aged and sick. The new facilities will produce

#iiiabout two hundred pounds of cottage 0 cheese or cultured buttermilk a week.

Meanwhile a new bishops'storehouse at Las Vegas, Nevada, has been dedicated by Elder Stephen L Richards of the Council of the Twelve. The

building includes a storehouse, a Relief Society workroom, and a large storage locker in the basement, which has been divided into compartments for frozen meats, vegetables, and fruits.

Primary Hospital

/TJ.ROUND will be broken for the convalescent unit—the first portion

of the Primary Children's new hospital as part of the Primary conference this

April. The seventybed structure will

be located between D and E Streets and Eleventh and Twelfth Avenues in

Salt Lake City. <A"T J- The Primary Association confer- C#lSclH wm OlflC to save more seeds and grain

ence sessions will be held April 1 and / V\\2 in Salt Lake City,. Steady Going to save time/rime, finish srerfaster

M. I. A. Songbook

Anew songbook, Hymns and Songs

M.I.A., of the the from has come Low Upkeep to save money

press. thirtytwo The page of book

M.I.A. music will be used until a new

isM.I.A. songbook published some IlOH| Eitte to save depreciationtime in the future. that time the At

twentyone songs presented here will be incorporated into the new book.

The book is divided into three parts You get clear "velvet"when you get extra bushels of yield

M.I.A. songs, hymns, and recreational out of the straw. That's how the extra threshing power in the

music. It is designed to temporarily cylinder of the 6-foot Case "A"combine puts extra dollars in

fill the needs of all Mutual Improveyour bank account—how its fulllength straw rack shakes extra

ment organizations. pennies into your pocket.

The price, of the paperbound book From the finest flower seeds to big, brittle lima beans, from is ten cents. fluffy grass seed to the toughest rice, the Model "A"has proved

its power to get grains and seeds out of heads and hulls, to make

New Servicemen the most of every crop under every condition.

Dlans to keep in touch with the young Instead of costing you more, it costs you less to harvest with a men of the Church who become Case "A."The way it keeps going shortens your harvest, reduces

members of the armed forces have been risk of loss from lodging or shattering, cuts down the days ofannounced by Elders Harold B. Lee required. labor saves upkeep, on you money Its ENDURANCEand E. Petersen of the Mark Council extra years investment. gives you of use from your Let your Caseof the Twelve, President Bruce R.

McConkie of the First Council of the dealer show you the extra strength of its anglesteel frame supSeventy, and Elder Hugh B. Brown, porting every bearing, the dozens of ways it's built "a bit better

former L.D.S. servicemen's coordithan might seem necessary."

nator. every tractor, size For every acreage, The visit bishop ward is to the there's lowcost a Case combine—theyoung entering the service, man and 5-foot for takeoff "F-2"operapower

give him a copy of a new pamphlet, tion; the 9-foot "M-2"and 12foot

"So You're Going Into Military Serv- "K-2"for fast work on big acreages;

selfpropelled 12foot models in 9 andice."this visit the bishop is to On

"airlift"cleaning. sizes. All have Casecomplete a card the on serviceman, size catalog; for Write mention

which will be sent to the servicemen's your farm, also any size tractor,to anyfit committee of the Church. They will implements you need. J. I. Case Co.

(Continued on page 232) Dept. D-44, Racine, Wis.

APRIL 1949 197

M. I. A. JUNE CONFERENCE to Be Held in

300 Salt Lake City, June 17, 18, 19, 1949 KOLOB \<* m \t. conferencei5ufor therl/jawaMutual U.this/Josephmeeting%SOllpeople from widely June Improvement Associations for separated areas have opened their

1949 includes three days of achearts and have given unanimity of. tivity and meeting, June 17, 18, 19, feeling to this great Church. People

as well as a drama festival that will of many nations have expressed

BRING THE WESTS precede the formal opening of contheir gratitude for the gospel mesference. The drama festival will be sage as it came to them first through

held in Kingsbury Hall, Thursday the activities of the M.I.A. and later SERVICE

evening June 16. through their attendance at other

; Church meetings. The Hawaiians, TO YOUR Special emphasis this year is beHOME TOWN ing given to music choruses who j the Japanese, the Indians, as well as

[ The KOLOB Agent in your community is the will be brought together under the friendliest to serve man in your direction of Crawford Gates of ill; every insurance town—readyefficiently need at and low cost, because he represents the Intermountain Promised Valley fame. The music

largest West's festival will in the be presented Strong stock Company General policies—prompt,Insurance Agency.fair settlement of claims. Saturday Tabernacle evening. on

Elder Gates, a member of the facul- j ty at Brigham Young University, has been studying, on leave of absence, at the Eastman Music Con- j servatory in Rochester, New York,

330 Judge A1.Bldg.FBANK SALISBURY, Mgr.Salt Lake City in pursuance of his doctorate.

Selection of the choruses to participate has been made through application by the choruses, plus their participation in the music program as outlined by the general boards.

The program to be presented includes some of the longtime favorites as well as new song numbers, CRAWFORD GATES and promises to be a thrilling the nations of Europe have been presentation. represented in these testimony meetIn addition to this special feature

the carrying forth the conference will be highlighted ings—indicating of the admonition of the Savior to

by the dance festival, a delightful teach the brotherhood of man and experience for those who participate the fatherhood of God. and those who observe. The dance The dayby-day program is as

festival will be given on Friday eve- j follows ning at the University of Utah stadium, an ideal setting for the Thursday evening—drama festival,

presentation. Kingsbury Hall

()ne of the most important feaFriday forenoon—age group and recreaPrices Begin at $2,850.00 tures of June conference is the tional presentations in the Tabernacle

recreatestimony meeting which has been Friday afternoon—age group and

Conference Visitors: faithpromoting and stimulating. In tional program in the Tabernacle

Friday evening—dance festival, UniverSee It! sity of Utah stadium

work Hear It] COURAGE Saturday—department

Saturday evening—music festival, TabPLAY IT! By Mautine Jacobs ernacle

AT 'I cactus prick of tears against her 'he Sunday forenoon—testimony meeting, - eyes, r Tabernacle

Her mouth belied the ache that cupped her son m heart. Sunday afternoon—meeting under the di259 South State Street Her sky.songs outtrilled the larks that laced the rection of the First Presidency

conference, TabSalt Lake City Her smile outwitted Death's swift, keening Sunday evening—youth

dart ernacle 198 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The Bride

(I5u Mlma IKobiion Mlabwe

day I wed my man, a late stormV.he

came; We drove across the prairie, feathery blown.

His face seemed dark and brooding, not the same; And I, just turned eighteen, felt scared, alone.

The house, when we reached home, in silence stood, Dark, forbidding, against the starflecked sky, While from the bluewhite shadows of cottonwood The wind flung back a lost and wailing cry.

He laid the kindling wood and set the match, -Photograph, Jeano Orlando

Then in jeans and sheepskin coat, without a word

Or even a backward glance, lifted the latch

And left me where a strange fear breathed and stirred.

He stayed so long the dark fear seemed to grow

And beat like a prisoned thing within my breast.

At last he came, his dark hair starred with snow,

And two young lambs within his coat were pressed.

Fear forgotten, I cradled each small, cold form,

Holding with shaking fingers, life's frail thread;

And hearing the muffled drums of the winter storm,

We knelt and worked till the lambs were warm and fed.

"I drove the sheep to the fold and made them fast,"

He said, "These late storms are the worst, I guess."

Then lifting brown eyes he looked at me at last;

And fear was gone; his glance, a long caress.

The scent of milk and perhaps the falling snow,',;,:

And the air outside, so frostycold and thinned,; '-..

Brought back that night, so long... so long ago

When I heard a young lamb's cry beat down the wind.

APRIL 1949 199 IN APRIL SUN By Helen Maring

greengold rows of new wheat tin! The

hill the With light upon the day. The earth is fair.

APRIL FROM AN OLD PARABLE TheYet nonedandelionscomputesbloomtheirwithsums.goldenThewill,warm

By Elizabeth Crawford Yates By Ora Pate Stewart bright air

Gives days when dreams of harvest cross /\N v/ Wingsthe silverare readyheels offorApril,a flight, '"Poday* And aaskedwearyforstrangerlodgingcameand toa mesmall Of hills,the browwhen heading grain will spread

For escape of spring's immortal, repast; like lace.

Who is given to our sight But I was busy with the panoply While bright blue swiftness of the days

Only for the days of lilac, Of small affairs. The stranger left at last endow

And the shining cherry flower; He'd said his name was Cleanliness; but Our hearts with joy, faith keeps the world

ever heard OnlyPetals—intill hera silverwings shower.shall leave us Had who in place. My house was small—Iof him? Ihadlittlemycared.work to

do—no thought of how the stranger ENGAGEMENT THEN A SONG I took

By Dorothy ]. Roberts fared. By R. K. Kent

And then I sent a plea to Godliness,

Waiting and absence, grief and loss. And asked that he might stay a while with HPhe apple tree is wearing

By the heart's kind alchemy me * A new engagement ring,

Help form the happy serenade I had an extra room for such a guest The southwest breeze is whispering,

And the mournful threnody. And felt that I could house him comfort- "The apple tree's engaged to spring.'

ably.

These, in the mind, and a flooding light, But Godliness was kind, yet reticent the spring, whateverFrom "It is with pleasure plea; I receive your

a song, as the Can lift lily's urn, But Cleanliness, lonely somewhere, and I KNOW A PLACE

From the dark of remembering. spent, By Josephine Mclntire

Within your word, a tone of sun Is trudging weary lanes in search of me."

sleep. winter on myWas April

bright is as heather a hymn AndI lookedsaw withinthe roomthe waschambersmall ofandmydarkheartand I knowDisporta placewith truantwhere windsbuds ofthatspringsing.Now

Shaped for our lips to keep. bare, And overhead the cloudlets drift

And wondered with what decorator's art Across the fields, while flowerets lift

SPRING SURPRISE IThemightcobwebsimproveof thecomplacency,poor conditionsof doubt,there TheirFor Aprillittleshowersfaces liketo filla cupthem up;

redbird Where dust of of despair, hopes, bits crumbled By Frances C. Yost The days give As April trills waya roundelayto May. trash of wrong ambitions strewn The about

TPhe springing shoots make light of winThat gave the room a musty, dismal air. I know a place where buds of spring

Disport with truant sing! that winds ter's * snow

I let the blinds in; raised the sunshine and

they soft earth'sAs awaken from warm I fire; lit the swept the cobwebs and down beds.

I little the sin, scraps secret burned of their stretch toelike rootsThey as the of desire; shed remnants old an they And SIMPLE THINGS

. outgrow into the street hurried out busy Then

tiny liftTheir their nightgowns, brown and Louise Darcy By this that, looked and And and up and way heads down, catch a glimpse of heaven's sapphire inTo restless calm world a HPo I of asked friend every to And chanced hue. * things, simple to the need seek meet Wefind

interemerald prongs reach outThe and tree pear white fragrant with bloom, If A he'd Cleanliness seen the town. about

lock; oriole wings. on dusky An

I last, alone, start weary, to turned At win,Bent race to a on they accrue. each fresh, the spring out upon world, Look

little in house bleak despair to my kelly green stems wear a pretty BackWhen side; miracle on every A

I crossed the threshold But when frock of my Here of simple is a host

The passersby chortle, "It's spring! Why heart, To teach us faith and hopethingsabide.

see Both Cleanliness and Godliness were there. God's love abounds in leaf and grass,

These lovely blossoms, such vivid colors! The simple things that do not pass.Winter is past, these bulblets guarantee!"QUESTION IN APRIL

firstSpring's flower has no competitors. By Lucretia Penny

refreshing than It's more a mint,

The early beauty of a gay tulip. Summer, of course, and Winter and APRIL SNOW Oh, Fall By Margie S. Giauque Each brought some perfect thing, NEED But have Summer's rose or Fall's other day bright HpHE we

leaf Pauline Havard By planted our garden * We thoughtV'twaseverything,spring, the pine that snowcapped Or is Winter's it's snowing! But now insistent strange, sign hunger;Need is a

Fed, it will make the spirit younger, Stolen a heart from Spring? The trees were coming out in leaf,

The heart sing out like an April bird. But spring's stay was so very brief

Need is a short but pithy word; 'Cause now it's snowing!

The shards of dreams; the flicker of laughter; We turned off the furnace and opened the

Kindness like sunlight coming after door, gone—we must order someGrief'sA flurrywildof starlight;storm. Needa beatis theseof wings;things The morecoal is

Deathless and lovely, and quick to write Because it is snowing!

The small word, "hope"on a man's dark—Photograph night. birds were building their nests in the bg The Paul Hadleg

trees, while he breathes will he ever findNot

His needs appeased or his hungry mind The birds were out and so were the bees,

Satisfied, and these common hungers But now it's snowing.

Bind men together to face their dangers;

Bind men in wisdom to stand and give Maybe they all were mistaken too,

The needs of the heart, that the heart may But there's nothing any of us can do live! Until it quits snowing.

200 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

LIFE FAITHAND

Dm [-resident Ljeorae -Mlbert JDmitk

Heavenly Father desires and the people were convinced that the God o.ur

his children to be happy. When he placed of Israel was God and that Baal was not.

our first parents upon this earth which he It was by faith that the brother of Jared had prepared and beautified for them, he told and his followers retained the language of them what they might do in order to enjoy it. their fathers during the confusion of tongues

From time to time he has repeated and at the Tower of Babel and were brought to emphasized his counsels through his servthe Western Hemisphere. It was a similar

ants, the prophets. And those who have had faith that enabled Lehi to bring his family

faith in him and the faith to follow these across the sea and plant their feet on this counsels have rejoiced in the blessing of a land.

contented mind, and have enjoyed peace and It was faith that enabled the disciples of happiness that they could have had in no Jesus to endure the persecution that overtook other way. them and, in spite of all opposition, to estabWe are informed that without faith we lish the gospel which the Savior had delivered

cannot please God. Faith (and the good to them.

works that follow faith) is the foundation of It was because of faith that Joseph Smith temporal and eternal happiness. It is the went into the woods and knelt down to pray.

moving cause of all action, and scripture is Reared in a Christian home, and imbued replete with evidences of the power of faith. with the teachings of the Bible, he believed

It was Noah's faith that enabled him to the promise recorded in the fifth verse of the build an ark, and as a result of obedience to first chapter of James: "If any of you lack

the commandments of God he and his housewisdom, let him ask of God, that giveth to hold were saved, while those who lacked all men liberally, and upbraideth not; and it

faith were buried in the great flood. It was shall be given him."

through faith that Lot and the members of It remained for this boy, not yet fifteen his family were preserved when fire from years of age, living in an obscure village, to heaven consumed the cities of Sodom and test the promise of our Heavenly Father,

Gomorrah and destroyed the inhabitants who and to become the first human being in sevhad not faith. eral centuries to know firsthand that men

When Daniel continued to pray openly were made in the literal image of God. This

to the God of Israel, contrary to a decree youth had the heavens opened to him, and which had been purposely prepared by his he beheld the Father and the Son and listened enemies to destroy him, he was cast into a to their voices. This most remarkable exden of lions. He knew his Heavenly Father perience was the result of faith. Through

could preserve him, and his confidence was faith Joseph Smith was able to translate the unshaken. The next morning the king went Book of Mormon from an ancient language

early to the pit and found Daniel alive. His by the gift and power of God.

faith had rendered the wild beasts harmless Later he was given additional information and earned for him the devotion of the king. and directions which brought about the orThree Hebrews, Shadrach, Meshach, and ganization of the Church of Jesus Christ of

Abednego, who refused to worship a golden Latterday Saints. Under the direction of

image set up by Nebuchadnezzar, were cast our Heavenly Father, he organized the into a fiery furnace. They trusted in the Church with apostles and prophets; in fact,

Living God, and their faith was rewarded with the same form of organization as existed by the preservation of their lives. By faith, in the days of the Savior. He received from

the Prophet Elijah called down fire from John the Baptist the Aaronic Priesthood;

heaven to consume his offering, and the king ( Concluded on page 252

APRIL 1949 The First of Two Articles

shall dream old "... your men anJ Woomen JOl % en

shall see U your youngdreams, men visions."(Joel 2:28.)

Moreand thanwomen180,000of the youngChurch menare between sixteen and twentyfive years of age. To you. the youth,

your problems, your hopes, your ambitions your disappointments, and your fulfilments, we turn our attention. Most of you realize that neither you nor we know the answers to

all of your vital problems. We have

voiced many trite and easy things to help but have dealt mostly in vague generalities. You ask for understanding and too often get from us

mere quotations or closed answers.

More than six thousands of your numbers will take classes at the

Church university during the present school year. Many more will

enrol in the colleges, institutes, and seminaries of the Church, while thousands will be participating in education as it is found in state and private colleges and universities throughout the land. All this, and

more, will be provided so that you may the better prepare for the decade ahead.

During this year each of you will ask some selfsearching question about yourself and your future, for as a group you are thinking about tomorrow and what it may hold for --Photograph by Harold M. Lambert Studios

you. Preparation for life is imporhopes and plans. This interest cansamples of your queries, each hour

tant but to live each day to its fullest not be a mere makebelieve, for of the day or into the night. It is

is the challenge of the present. Imyoung people of every age and culsuch questions, with their answers,

portant as the future may be, it will ture are the most accurate index of that form the center of your lives.

depend largely upon your work and the future. The social world of the Many of the answers cannot be

thinking of today. In this sense, 1950's is now being sculptured by found in books or articles, but in

young man and young woman, your you, the young people of the '40's. the normal give and take between

day is now. Each of you has problems that are you and your parents, your teachWe shall not start by saying that common to all, yet each has probers, and your companions.

you, the young men and women of lems of his own. Perhaps you realize that as you

today, are the best in the world. are asking these questions, we are

Some of you stimulate our pride; Py the hundreds in recent months, also asking some of our own: How

others our wonder. Among you are you have asked yourselves these can I teach Bob to be more careful

the ambitious and the lazy, the quick questions: Where can I get a good in caring for his clothes? Why does

and the slow, the bright and the dull, job? Can I go to college? How Jim continue to go out in the winter

the handsome and the homely. You may I prepare best for my life's without wearing his rubbers? How

are much like your parents and work? How may I overcome my quick may we help Jane to understand that

teachers whom, unwittingly, you temper? Now that I am in love shall Sunday is not a day especially set

have in a general way learned to I get married or wait until I am betapart for picture shows? How can

imitate. This realistic picture may ter prepared to head a family? we arrange sufficient funds for John

be a far cry from the stream of Where will I get money to pay for to go to college? While he is away

compliments you ordinarily receive a new suit? How can I get my chums tonight, will Bill act the part of a

—the kind which are typical of our and friends to feel that I count? gentleman and return home in reamodern world. However, most of May I use the family car next Satsonable time?

you do not ask for compliments, but urday night? What do I gain by Yes, the questions of family and

for our realistic interest in your going to Church? These are but social life come from at least two

202 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA does not attempt earnestly to imof the Lkawk mayproverobin himselfhis attitudeof thetowardthrill ofothersselfdiscipline, and also he may be poor company for others.. It is one of

these essential tasks in which we is attempt to discover ourselves, and YOUR DAY NOW! to learn more about our capacities

and our chances for happiness and >w l/vedieu /". cutout success.

DEAN OF STUDENTS, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY Do you have friends who seem to be well poised, both in their bodily movements and in their thinking directions, and in the give and take who worry about the family life; and talking, and others who are conthere develops an understanding and the salesman in a store who is fused, uncertain, and highly unbetween parents and young people, concerned about making a sale, predictable? Have you noticed, as

and usually a greater appreciation Each of these tries to picture himyou gather in crowds at a party, io on the part of both. In the process, self as he is in the eyes of others, a classroom, or in family life, that

there will appear differences of We are constantly engaged in the there is often one member of the opinion; these may result from improcess of measuring personality; party who seems to be most in depatience and lack of experience on we do not use the technical tools of mand? It may be the girl next door

the part of youth, or they may be the psychological laboratory; but in or the boy from across the: street.

the result of perfectionist philosophy the everyday tasks of life we make He may be neither handsome nor on the part of parents. Too often, comparisons and judgments. rich, yet be very much in demand

as parents, we have spoken with In the first day at school students by his friends and associates. He

impatience then remembered that are analyzing their teachers, and the may say very little but may demonyour need was not negative criticism teachers are analyzing their stustrate some characteristic that gives but a demonstrated better way of dents. A boy asks what kind of people confidence in him, a desire to

doing things. Too often you have principal the school has, and the know him better, and a wish to be

pouted or rebelled rather than principal continues to wonder what accepted by him. At first, we may

learned to ride the troubled wave gracefully and with confidence. Recent studies in the nature of human \T Tesley Parkinson Lloyd has earned the love and

nature give parents the opportunity "respect of the many students who have come under to understand their children better his direction as dean of students at Brigham Young Uniand to find more intelligent ways of versity since 1945. Moreover, he won the admiration

helping in the problems of sons and of those whom he reached in many other capacities athletic coach, principal, his active life as teacher, daughters. in

education. professor of philosophy and and

We shall here be able to consider Born in Ogden, Utah, he completed his B.S. and

only a few of the problems you M.S. work at Brigham Young University; he reraise. First, let us talk about perceived his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago. His

sonal qualities that make us useful Churchmembershipserviceon thehasgeneralbeen boardparticularlyof the richYoungincludingMen's to others. Then, the place of educaDR. WESLEY P. LLOYD Mutual Improvement Association until he was retion in life. Third, we shall talk leased in order to assume the position of bishop in his

about social problems involving ward. He also has been widely interested in the comfriendship, courtship, and planning. munity life of those places in which he has resided. His membership in the eduAnd finally, we shall consider the cational organizations also proves his live concern for those whom he counsels.

religion of youth.

Living with Others kind of students, he will work with think that it is his personal appearfor a year. Each of us has certain ance which is the cause of his popu-

T-Tave you ever noticed how impersonal tendencies which are oblarity or acceptance by others. Then

portant it is in the lives of each served by ourselves and others and we may see someone in the group of us to have the respect and good which constitute a significant part of who has far more acceptable physiwishes of friends and acquaintour personalities. The fine thing cal features and dress who sits alone

ances? It is only in our odd moabout these tendencies of ours is and is largely out of the picture.

ments that we feel we can get along that they are changeable—we no Social acceptance seems to involve

alone. Almost everyone engages longer speak about courage or ambiat least four important factors: ( 1 )

daily in selfanalysis. There is the tion or enthusiasm or cheerfulness our contribution to others; (2) a

young man who asks his girl for or anger as absolutes which do not friendly and understanding attitude;

a date; the boy who asks for a job change. We are in these days try- (3) a feeling that one has made the

or tries to determine whether or not ing to find ways in which we may most of his physical possibilities;

he will be successful in one; the adjust our personalities in order to (4) the ability to think straight and

speaker who wonders if he can face be of greater benefit to ourselves express ideas clearly.

an audience; the father and mother and to others. The young man who (Continued oh page 204)

APRIL 1949 203

YOUR DAY IS NOW

(Continued from page 203) not seek the spotlight. As we help which you will be asked to answer

Contributing to Others others to achieve, we gain their—require something more than coconfidence appreciation. and People operative attitude intense conand a was of pleasyoung Daul man

like to with others be viction, helpare important qualities these as who ing appearance; interhe was ing ( them. genuine are. stand Be and 5 ) in ested others what were doing and for things really think which you in are reality discussing the We it. they were doing why seemed He count. demonstrate that you As you difference objective between an and to always think carefully to and are not afraid to uphold conyour subjective things. of a view Whenhis express clearly. thoughts The victions ideals and and you are ever interests personal strongly get neighborhood call did crowd not cheerful, cooperative, friendly, honit is difficult entrenched, to see most it him leader a did nor through go est helpful, will find and youryou other fellow's the side think to and election to appoint presihim self in real for friends demand; your is It difficult objectively. to stand fellows just to seemed andent—the are and looking mine for companin ourselves action. aside see and the have habit listening of when ions with characteristics. these is in the the marching Yet man who Paul talking was of to and wanting

is in parade to see no position how in be fun. on his kind of was He Your School Life it is looks, the parade goor where Apollo; no "But,"said his of one

follows merely the person chums, ing—he "when he looked at you,

of him. In he pVERY young man or woman in the ahead order to determine it."really meant His clothes were

Church must settle for himself how it really looks, he has to stand not expensive, but wellchosen, and in on the sidewalk and watch the pawhen he said hello it carried gladthe problem of how far to go intiness that he had seen you. Paul was school. You should not assume that rade go by. Many of us are so

not lazy nor slow, but he seemed to learning to think is synonymous mately wrapped up in the events of be in no extreme hurry to get places. with going to school. In every comlife, with so many personal interIt seemed that somewhere along the munity there are outstanding citiests at stake, that we are not good

social analysts. line he had discovered that he was zens who were deprived of educathinkers or

already somewhere and that whertional opportunities but who demonThe story of Mr. is

ever he was counted quite a lot. strated that they could think clearly. not an uncommon one. He left his

Many of your fathers and mothers regular work early, got a truck, and Then there was Wendell, another are people of this kind; you have worked several hours hauling coal one of the crowd, always five minadmired their clarity of thought to his residence to save fifty cents a utes late, hair uncombed, wearing

even as you listened to their stories ton. By this time he had savedwhatever was handy, goodnatured

of lack of formal schooling. But as three dollars and had dropped intoand wellliked, but after all—"just

it is bed exhausted, but satisfied withone of the boys."Between these a member of a new generation

two young men there were differyours to know that the world of the himself. The next day without apences in native ability and also in future will be a world of better eduparent hesitation he stood before the

home background. It would be most cated men and women. The latest village slot machine and in ten minunreal for us to assume that each report on college and university enutes had lost the entire three dollars.

young man and woman is born with rolment lists 2,410,000 students in He did not complain, even though he the same capabilities and the same America alone. This represents a knew that his chances to come out

new day in history. Tomorrow's even were very slim.chances for leadership, but many of work will be led by men and womenyou smart under these differences The actions of other people amuse

and wonder what can be done to of learning. These millions are atus, but we seldom look ridiculous to

narrow the gap. Perhaps the foltempting to wrestle from college and ourselves. Have you ever wished

lowing will help: (1 ) make a selfuniversity halls correct tools for that you could stand aside on a hill

analysis and outline areas in your thinking and subject matter which and watch yourself go by. It is this

own life and actions in which imwill come to their support in times power to do things impartially and provements may be made; in short, of their urgent need. The greatest with keen insight that gives direcproblems of ourinclude yourself in your plans, and day—problems tion to social living. It is the prime

work with faith and assurance that characteristic of a strong mind. In

through proper application to the these examples we have called attask you may be far more effective tention to only one of the basic reqand more accepted than you are. uisites for clear thinking.

(2) Do not let minor failures "get REMEMBERING Learning to think is a product of you down."First, attention may well By Pauline Havard true education. It is not to be conbe given to the ways in which you fused with simple propaganda. In

is tohave achieved success. ( 3 ) A sense StuffInto memory'sthe coloredamplesilks pocket;of the sunset true education our twin duty

of humor may save your day; do not Store the silver beads of birdsong gain knowledge through the discovtake your problems too seriously. If Into the spirit's chest and lock it. ery of principles, laws, and facts,

in out them of bleakness, an hourlife gets too serious, look in a mirror Take sunless era In a birds sing; and to organize and interpret inno when

and have a good laugh. There may They will light the day with their secret formation intelligently. Schools and

be plenty to laugh about. Earnest fires, the educational institutions of the

application to a job need not rob Till springthe heart's forest shows an unseasonal land are provided in order that we you of your sense of humor. ( 4 ) Do Through the magic wand of remembering. (Concluded on page 231

204 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Members of the 194849 allChurch championship team from Maywood Runnerup in the tournament was Fielding Ward, Beat River Stake. They

Ward, South Los Angeles Stake, along with their coach and sponsor are shown are, left to right: Coach Clark Wilcox, LaMar Bourne, Kent Sutherland,

are, leftabove. to They Waite, right: Coach Fowler, Richard Bob Coombs, Merwin Vernon Owen Jones, Joe Hess, Vern Petty, Verl Coombs, Dorvel Gam.

Alger,Waite, Benson, Dean Boyd William McNaught, Captain Bob Bowman, Sponsor Kidman. is Rosemary

Harold Heywood, and Noble Waite. Sponsor is Nancy Morley.

These are the men selected on the allChurch honor team. They are, left to right: Richard Waite, Maywood Ward; Merwin Waite,

Maywood Ward; Roland Williams, Edgehill Ward; Sperry Rueckert, Twentysixth Ward, and Vernon Coombs, Fielding Ward,

M Men Basketball 194849

Could a complete account of the (uy 2/joyle eJL. Cfrreen veloping sportsmanship and leader1948-49 M Men basketball ship. All of this aids in building

story be written, it would congood Latterday Saints, tain unnumbered tales of valor and nite need of young men in the The sixteen teams which reprecourage, of heroism and sportsmanChurch, and that in addition to the sented the more than seven thouship, and of faith and loyalty to the recreational and physical values besand young men who played in the gospel, reported from many parts ing gained, it is helping to prepare "largest basketball league in the of the Church. Out of the allour youth to face the future by deworld"this season, met in the allChurch tournament itChurch tournament in

self come stories we Salt Lake City on would like to record in March 2, 3, 4, and 5th.

full, if space permitted: When the final gun was

stories of the team that sounded, a team of walked seven miles hustling, wellcoached through snowdrifts to and welltrained playparticipate in their disers from Maywood trict playoff; of the team Ward, South Los Anwhich spent part of its geles Stake, emerged

free time in Salt Lake, victorious, winning a during the tournament, thriller from Fielding doing temple work; of War d, Bear River

the ten teams on which Stake, by a score of 39two or more brothers 38.

played together; of the Another thirty secteam which contained onds might have told a

four married men, all of different story—the

them married in the game was that close. In

temple. fact, the champions

These stories and were pressed most of many more like them the way in every game

Elbert R. Curtis, general superintendent of the that the ImproveYoung Men's Mutual show would they played, winning

is Association, M ment presenting shown the sportsmanship to the award Manavu basketball proteam, of Briggs, composed Ward Flake, Baird, Kenneth Men Don James Joseph BramHarrisville, from Farr

Huish, mar, John Moulton, Tom Don Peterson, Stanley Walker. sponsor and The filling defi- a gram is is is Fay Catmull. Rosenburg. Reed Coach {Concluded on page 246)

APRIL 1949 205 GOLDSMITHS OF

f-re5idevit Goldjewelsandhavepreciousfrom thestonesdawnandof ISu civilization played a large part OF THE FIRST COUNCIL in the worship and adoration of the divine. The goldsmith's art is one

of the oldest arts practised by man his hand which he took off and put and was brought to a high degree of upon Joseph's hand, and he also put excellence at an early period. The a gold chain about his neck. Goldwritings of the prophets of the alluvial gold washed from the sands

Holy Bible give many examples of of rivers—was used from earliest

the love that men had for gold and times. Gold ornaments wrought

A gold ornament from Panama precious metals and jewels. A fa- 3,000 years before the Christian era

'Illustrations Museum of from Foundation. Newthe YorkAmericanCity mous passage in the Book of Job have been discovered in Egyptian Indian, Heye

proclaims this truth: tombs, and of most exquisite workmanship. The sacred scarabaeus, or

As for the earth, out of it cometh bread:

and under it is turned up as it were fire. beetle, considered by the Egyptians

The stones of it are the place of sapthe emblem of eternal regeneration, phires: and it hath dust of gold. (Job 28: has been found in golden models.

5-6.) * * + * From Greece came noted goldsmiths

(Now Hiram the king of Tyre had furof ancient days who, invited to nished Solomon... with gold....) Rome by the Emperor Caesar

And Hiram sent to the king sixscore Augustus, and others, were the fashtalents of gold. (I Kings 9:11, 14.) ionable artificers of golden brooches,

of Sheba) (the came Queen... And to necklaces, bracelets, and earrings, as train, with great very a with Jerusalem

camels that bare spices, and very much well as elaborate objects studded gold, and precious stones.... with precious stones. Quantities of

And she gave the king an hundred and wonderful jewels were accumulated spices very gold, of talents and twenty his Justinian and the Emperor by... stones. precious store, -and And great

St. in the of successors Church that gold brought also Hiram, of the navy

from Ophir. (I Kings 10*2, 1011.) Sophia in Rome. The Emperor

Charlemagne brought from ByzanIn the book of Genesis, we are tium noted jewelers and goldsmiths.

told that when Abraham went into His crown and sword are still preMesopotamia to find a wife for served in the Imperial Treasure of

Isaac, he gave to Rebekah "a golden

Vienna. His crown was composed earring of half a shekel weight, also

two bracelets for her hands of ten of eight plates of gold, four larger shekels weight,"and after the bethan the others, joined together by trothal was made, presented her hinges. The large pieces are studded

"jewels of silver and jewels of with different gems, while the smallgold."Pharaoh wore a ring upon er are enameled with figures and inGolden statuette of Tizoc, great lord

of the Aztecs Gold breast ornaments, from Colombia, the largest measuring ten inches

Gold mummy mask from Peru

206 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Ancient times wretches with extreme labor and <=>Lei/i (Ldaar Lyeoun9 toilthe toSpaniardsfind gold,came,althoughthe nativesbefore

OF THE SEVENTY lived pleasantly and at liberty, given

Only to plays and pastimes, as dancing, hunting, fishing...."

scriptions. Britons and AngloSax- Chaplain Juan Diaz mentions that

ons alike wore necklaces of beads, in the first voyages along the coasts often made of gold and silver. (Yucatan), "a mask of gold was

Amethysts set in gold and hanging obtained."He says that one day

from a band have been found. The the "cacique told an Indian that he

belts and girdles of the Angloshould clothe the Captain (CrijalGold ornaments, from Chiriqui, Panama

Saxons were ornamented very elabva), and the Indian dressed him in I,:

orately. Not only were the buckles a corselet and some armlets of gold,

by which they were fastened of the and on his head he placed a crown richest workmanship, but they were of gold, only that the crown was sometimes enriched with plates of made of very thin gold leaves."

gold beautifully cased and set with Marshall H. Saville, in his Goldprecious stones or jewels. smiths'Art in Ancient Mexico,

The word jewel is significant. It gives the translation of a report of

means a "thing of joy,"the diminuone of the soldiers under Cortez, F.

tive of the French word pie. It was Francisco de Aguilar. Sr. Aguilar

applied to precious stones and pre- "was a devout soldier and devout cious metals because they have been man."He was wealthy and had the

used from the earliest stages of civsupport of many Indians. He joined

ilization to commemorate and signalthe order of Dominicans, and, when ize human joy. over eighty years of age, he wrote

"In ancient days,"says Maurice his famous account of the Indians

Maeterlinck, "the search for gold and Cortez. The manuscript has

was only a symbol concealing the only recently been found in one of search for the divine faculties in the old libraries of Spain. It was

man."Gold was the emblem of apparently written about 1579. He

purity and formed a part of the with other soldiers found the wardoffering of the Wise Men to the inrobe and treasure of Montezuma fant Savior. and, after describing how they had

discovered a secret chamber in one "Deter Martyr was the first chronof the palaces of Montezuma, says:

icler of events of Spanish hisof Cortes some and open it was they in saw first, and tory in America. His book, De Orbe hisWhencaptains went

Novo, tells how the Spaniards such a number of jewels and slabs and through their "... insatiable desire plates of gold and other great riches, that

for gold, oppressed these poor (Concluded on page 208)

Gold Crown from Sigsig, Ecuador

Sheet gold ornament over ten inches long from Vasca, Peru

Gold breast ornament ten and a half inches in diameter, Colombia

APRIL 1949 207 GOLDSMITHS OF ANCIENT TIMES (Concluded from page 207) Carl Lumholtz, entitled Unknown from which we have obtained our they were quite carried away and did not Mexico, Vol. II, p. 295, is a descripinformation concerning the gold

wealth. about such to say whatknow The tion of the finding of two skeletons; plates, crowns, and rings of ancient

all the other capspreadnews soon among tains and soldiers, and very secretly we on the breast of one of the dead Ecuador and Peru, says:

solid of large plate a hammered it, I I it. marwas see to sawwent in When presented picture the say that may We

I youth at a that timeveled, as been used was had gold and which of quantities of vast occurrence the as an by and had never seen such riches as those ornament. gold artifacts in the various culture areas

in my life before, I took it for certain that of South America... shows a glittering

of store such another not bethere could cerethe with in connection '\\7'ith the discovery of America, magnificence It decided world. in thewealth was whole people life of the which monial and civic

by all our captains and soldiers that we Spanish and Italian noblemen perhaps were not excelled even in ancient should not dream of touching a particle of led expeditions to the Indies, MexEgypt or Etruria. In the native architecit, but that the stones should immediately ico, and South America. Through ture there is evidence that precious metals

it should in the and doorway, putbe back used to sheath the rooms of imporwere in ancient burial grounds, search just as cemented sealed we the up andbe tant buildings. fashquantities of gold, enormous it it, spoken that should not be andfound

about, lest it should reach Montezuma's ioned in a multitude of forms, have ears, until times should alter. been discovered. The countries Beautiful gold plates were colwhere gold is most abundant in lected by the museums of EuBernal Diaz also describes the I. The graves, are Colombia, Ecuador, and rope before World War

secret chamber and writes: Peru; and the ancient peoples of writer saw in the Royal Museum of

When it was opened, Cortes and some Ecuador were among the most Berlin, some years ago. a large and

of his captains went in first and they saw proficient workers of gold in South beautiful assortment of gold plates, slabs jewels and and ofsuch number a circular others and of them some archeologist, America. German The

.. riches, great otherplates gold. and of square. were or rectangular Some is in a Uhle, quoted Dr. Max did carried and quitethat they away were of paper sheet ordinary thin as as an published brochure by the Heye wealth. of to suchnot say what know

Foundation of New York City as and showed careful workmanship.

None of this loot is known to exfinding an immense amount of gold There was no writing on them, but ist. Many estimates as to the value in the province and town of Sigsig. they were found in the old temples

of it have been made. Prescott, in One tomb alone contained fortyof the Mayas and were made ages

his Conquest of Mexico, makes the four pounds of gold and another ago.

amount in presentday money $6,- over two hundred pounds. Dr. Uhle Of recent date, the writer was

300,000. describes a deep shaft in which a shown the collection of gold plates

In a report of the jewels, shields, skeleton was found covered with now in the collection of the Museum and clothing sent to the Emperor gold and silver plates, alternating of the American Indian in New

Charles the Fifth by Cortez and regularly, as if they had been afYork City. The plates were about

the Town Council of Vera Cruz, fixed to a cloak thrown over the twelve inches long by ten inches we find reference made to two books body. "This cloak may have had a wide and as thin as ordinary paper.

that the Indians had made. The fringe formed of small tubes of gold. They were of beautiful workmansentence reads: The arms were discovered with ship, and quoting the words of the

he historian, Las Casas, when and the head with a crown old books of those which the bracelets Moreover two of gold seen the thousands had gold. all of pure Chontawood here. haveIndians

sticks were found covered with fabrics in Mexico, that the work-.. appeared like a dream, It is not certain just what was lamellae (leaves) of gold."We manship ".

meant by this statement. read further that gold leaf of the and not as if made by man's hands."

Oaxaca is a valley in southern finest quality and as thin as paper From the writings of the Abbe

Mexico, where many towns existed has been found in great quantities. Francisco Clavijero, Antonio De

in ancient days. From this region On some of the lamellae ate careSolis, Garcilasso de la Vega and

were sent to Montezuma twenty fully carved hieroglyphics. Gold other noted Spanish historians of

large gold plaques the size of averplates, held together by small gold the days of the Spanish Conquest of age plates and the thickness of the nails, are shown in the Museum at America, we learn that gold plates thumb. The Mexican natives were > Quito. Gold bangles attached to were made in all the ages of the

able to work the metal into very crowns worn by ancient "kings"history of the peoples of ancient in his leaf. Sahagun,thin gold with fastened gold wires. were The America. * * * of the "Thingsscholarly on work article Saville written by Marshall

New Spain,"says that they worked The ancient records of the forgold with the hammer, pounding it bears of the American Indians, writto make it thin like paper. THE MORNING STAR ten on gold plates which were given

that the the Prophet Smith Joseph Padre by Gay mentions the By Adcienne L. DeWitt to

"... sold Moroni, Indians to some Angel been must have veryMixtecan

European antiquarians, very thin HPhe Great Designer placed a flawless beautiful. After their translation by

* gem the Prophet, under the title of theplates of gold, evidently worked Upon the trailing, velvet hem of Night.

with the hammer, which their anHe pinned this perfect, sparkling diadem Book of Mormon, the plates were cestors were about to preserve, on Upon her draperies to give delight given back to Moroni; and today the

is one of the most widely readwhich were engraved ancient hieroWhoTo countlessgaze uponmillionsthis harbingerof the humanof lightrace book glyphs."In the work written by That lovely Night so gracefully displays. sacred books that we have.

208 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "Off the Record"neighbor Jean came over the dered which Jean needed most—theOURother evening. She looked dischance to unburden her soul or to

traught. If there were some way get a good night's sleep. Sadness

of taking mental temperatures, I'm and weariness seem to belong to the sure hers would have registered at same sympathetic nervous system, least 1 04. We all love Jean. She is and often curing the latter autoenthusiastic and eager—a "good matically dispels the former so I

kid"who always lifts her share of thought that perhaps we should enthe load. courage Jean to go home and get

some sleep. But Jean wanted to

talk. So we talked. I hope that I urged. "Run along home now. afterwards she slept. I did—eventuYou need to be beautiful and bright

ally. in the morning, and sleep will do it.

And come back as soon as you can."

asked about the work party conHer radiant smile came forth. "I I

versation. What had they talked fee l better already. Isn't it funny

about? Jean found it hard to rehow talking helps sometimesespemember exactly. They had talked cially as a cure for other talking?"

about religion and the Church about girl and boy friendships and QHE hasn't been over again, but I marriage, about politics. The talk hope she will come soon because

had rambled and jumped about as there are a couple of ideas I'd like to conversation sometimes does. The talk over with her. This is what I

thing that had worn on Jean was think I'd like to say to Jean:

that none of the talk had been in First. Don't take these conany way constructive. Oh, yes, it versations too hard. Words come

had been witty. Some of it had been cheap to many people, and somehilariously funny if you felt that times they come "cheaper by the

"What's the matter, Jeannie?"way about it, but it had been full of thousand."These cheap words are

one of us asked. An arm went criticism, selfjustification, of catty used by various people for various

around her shoulder in friendly congossip, of a chipon-theshoulder reasons. To some they are a chance

cern. attitude—of deep pessimism. to "let off steam."To others, a

Jean laughed in a surprised sort After a few chance to show off.

of way as if she hadn't expected "nowwait - a - minSome use them o anyone to sense her mental turmoil utes,"made in an stir up argument.

and then burst into tears. It didn't ineffectual attempt One young man

last isn't given to proto stop the barmay use a destruclong—Jean

longed weeping. Gradually we got rage, Jean had just By tive comment in

the story. subsided and the mistaken idea No, her family were not sick. Her quietly worked on MARY BRENTNALL that in tearing

boy friend had neither died nor the favors. But she down another he

deserted her. Her school work was felt "spent"out of is building up himgoing well enough. But she had just all proportion to the amount of time self. One girl may use poisonous

come from a "work party."and labor given to the evening. words in a desperate attempt to put

"What sort of work party?""Why,"she finished, "one of the drama and excitement into her

A school organization to which girls said 'who cares what happens bored days. Stupid words can be

she belonged was having its big to us in the next life? We'll want an expression of illness of the body

spring dinner dance. The work to be with our friends anyway, so or fatigue of the spirit.

party met to make favors and decwe might just as well do as our If you are in a group where the "orations for the big affair. friends do.'conversation is clearly cheap

Hadn't they "turned out"? "Oh, she was just kidding,"somewhere it becomes offensive or dispirOh, yes, everything was beautione said consolingly. iting, you have two or three courses

ful, but the talk that had gone on "No, she wasn't. She is engaged open to you. Which course you

as they worked had left her feeling to a boy who doesn't belong to the take will depend upon two things—

that she had taken a beating. Church, and she was trying to make exactly how much you are upset

"A browbeating?"we suggested herself feel good about it."by the conversation and how much

—attempting the light touch. "Well, she's thinking in gear,"the individuals belonging to this

"Black and blue all over—espesaid the engineer of the family, particular group mean to you.

cially blue."Jean smiled, but the "reverse, of course, but definitely in If, normally, you enjoy and adtears started up again. gear, mire these young men and women,

It was getting late, and I won- "Let's talk about it again, Jean,"{Continued on page 249)

APRIL 1949 209 "You pay. I bring bag back,"the

native promised.

Addison reached into his pocket.

He hated to part with his only pocket knife, but he had promised it as payment, and although he never expected to see the stolen bag again, he felt fortunate to have retained possession of the one. So he handed

the knife to the native. Then, swinging his bag to his shoulder, he made

his way through the coconut palms to the house of Mr. Crown.

MISSION

Addison was soon to find that although Harry had learned many tricks from the white sailors with whom he had been associated, the native still maintained the Polynesian trait of living up to a promise.

And a short time after Addison arrived at the Crowns Harry walked in with the bag. Throwing the bag

upon the floor, the native, seemingly disgusted with his own honesty, reminded Mr. Crown of some things

he already knew—that Addison had

"Photograph, courtesy Hawaii Visitors Bureau run away from the ship and that

Air view of Honolulu, harbor to mountains there would soon be a search on for him; that if the young man or even

II Then the thought flashed through his clothes were found on the his mind that the three natives Crown premises, Mr. Crown would

mddison's apprehension about what might have plotted to relieve him be punished for aiding a deserter.

/I might happen to him alone in of all of his clothes. He knew that Addison had planned to hide out

** this strange world in the middle clothing was at a premium on the in the mountains, but he knew he of the Pacific proved to be justified, islands. He also realized that the could not take the bags with him.

for no sooner had the tip of the outtwo men who had been aboard the He also did not want Mr. Crown

rigger canoe touched the shore of ship knew that he was well supplied. to get in trouble because of him.

the island than his troubles began. So, instantly he turned around to But somehow his newfound friend

He knew two of the natives aboard direct his attention to the second liked the "cut of his iib.""You go

the canoe. These men, whom Addibag. Surely enough, it was already in ahead,"he said. "I'll keep your

son had hired to take him ashore, the possession of the other men, who clothes safe for you someway."

had been members of the Rambler's were carrying it away. Making a At the first signs of daylight, Adcrew and could speak some English. running dive for the bag, Addison dison headed for the mountains.

The third native was a stranger. wrapped his arms around it in a Making his way up what is now

His presence caused no concern to vicelike grip, and a brisk scuffle folNuuanu Valley, he was soon overthe young American, however, as lowed. Even when the third man taken by a native man and boy who

they were in opposite ends of the returned to help the other two, Adaccompanied him far into the mouncanoe. But when the bow of the dison showed no signs of giving up tains to a distillery where a number

craft slid upon the white sands of the fight. Then when he threatened of men were engaged in making rum

the beach, the stranger gathered up to raise a party of runaway white from tea root. Obtaining a bottle of

one of Addison's two sea bags into sailors and tear down the houses of the spirits, the man handed it to his arms, leaped on shore, and, with the natives, two of the men slipped Addison saying, "A inu! a inul"

a few quick steps, disappeared into away into the darkness. The third, and indicating that he should drink.

the darkness among the dense tropiwfoom Addison knew as "Harry,"Again Addison sensed treachery.

cal foliage that bordered the beach. remained, demanding payment for All his life he had been taught not

He was stealing Addison's clothes! bringing him ashore. to drink intoxicating beverages. He

Addison's first inclination was to "I won't pay you anything; you had also heard stories of how sailtry to catch the thief, but he quickly have stolen my bag of clothes,"Adors, after becoming drunk, had

saw the hopelessness of such a plan. dison retorted. been stripped of their clothes. So

210 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA he refused. Even when all the men turn to the city, he descended to stay hidden until after the ship

working at the distillery encouraged the bottom of the canyon, lay on sailed, kept him from going in him to drink, he still withstood. his stomach on the bank of a clear search of food. So, again he sat

When the workers found that they stream of water, and drank slowly, down on the grass to spend another could not influence the young man, hoping that this would allay his long night. This time his dreams

they insisted that he leave and go hunger. Then after gathering some were not of honied but rather of food

back to town with the two natives. dry grass which he bunched up by and eating.

Realizing that he was not safe here, a rock ledge, he sat down upon it, By morning almost sixty hours

Addison decided to start back down thinking this position would be had passed since he had eaten, and the trail. warmer than a lying one, and again his extreme hunger at last drove

Why did they want him to return went to sleep. Dreams? Yes!—Of him away from his hiding place. But

to town? Did they know who he Winchester, of home, of loved ones! rather than turn to the coast where

was? Studying the man closely, But when he awoke after a short he might be caught, he decided to

explore the valleys inland. He found

no one at work at the distillery, as it was Sunday, but at a small house small beyond, he a very was given potatoes boiledV"M. V JJ 1 11 II U 1 l\ ASS'T MANAGING EDITOR portion of and bitter

herbs. At another house farther up

The Story of Addison Pratt the valley, he was invited to stop by a woman and some children and

And The given a slice of a fruit he had never before—pineapple.

finishing eating the delicious Society Islands Mission tastedhe was Just as fruit, an old man appeared. He was

Addison thought he recognized him time, he was still alone in a foreign fierce looking with his head shaved as being the third man in the canoe land, benumbed with cold and weak on both sides so as to leave a strip of long hair extending from his the night before—the one who had with hunger. And so the night

taken his bag. Was this part of passed. forehead to the back of his neck.

another plot? Was he to be lured At daylight, Addison again After looking suspiciously at Addiinto the city and turned over to the ascended the mountains to a safe son, the man began talking excitedauthorities? Addison did not know, height and spent most of the day ly with the members of the housebut he did know that he could not sleeping in the warm sun. When hold. Soon some neighbors were

take a chance, so he watched for an night came, he returned to the called over, and they all jabbered so opportunity to give them the slip. stream in the bottom of the canyon much and set up such a commotion

ill Coming to a spot where the path and his pile of grass by the rock that Addison, who was already ran around the top of a deep gulley, ledge, and although his hunger at ease, became more and more of a sudden, he dodged off the trail pains by this time had grown in frightened. He had heard that these

into the luxuriant tropical growth. intensity, still his determination to Sandwich Islanders had eaten CapThen, with all possible speed, keeptain Cook, and, being unable to

ing hidden all the time, he made his comprehend a thing they were talkway to the bottom of the canyon ing about, he suspected that they and ascended the mountain on the were planning to bake him in one of other side. By the time he reached a their underground ovens.

point where he thought he was safe, "I must get away from here,"he and from which he could see the thought. "Yes, that's it. Wander

path below, he was thoroughly exback and forth, slowly at first, so as hausted. So he lay down to rest, not to arouse suspicion. Try not to

and soon fell asleep. A little later appear frightened. That's it! Now!"he was awakened by the chattering slip behind this bush. Now run—

of a bird on a nearby bough. LookAnd run he did. Notwithstanding

ing below, he saw several men his weakened condition, he streaked searching through the foliage where down the trail for a half mile or he had first jumped off the trail. more "at a rate that would have

Springing to his feet, he slipped surprised a horse,"imagining all the again into the underbrush and time that a dozen fleshhungry canscrambled up the mountain, not nibals were in hot pursuit behind stopping until he was far out of him.

reach of his pursuers. Then he lay When he had run as far as he

down, and again was soon asleep. could, he used the trick that had

proved so successful once before,

A ddison awoke with hunger pains and dodged off the trail into the gnawing at his stomach. It was thick underbrush. There he redark, and he was cold. What could mained, hardly daring to breathe,

he do? Fighting off a desire to re- (Continued on page 252)

APRIL 1949 211 The Dilemma hope whatever for the unbaptized A famous the of is the statement of poem

Ages Middle V—Conclusion dead.his famousTypicalcontemporary, St. Amis tells how thei N his younger days St. Augustine brose, that to die without1 baptism

... dared promise not only paradise but to go to eternal misery,"while anApostle Paul

also the kingdom of the heavens to unother contemporary, St. Basil, says was led to

baptized children, since he could find no simply, "It is damnation to die withthe grave of other escape from being forced to say that out baptism,"182 and yet another, the poet Virspirits innocent eternal to damnsGod realized death. that he Gregory of Nyssen, draws the gil, who had... But when he

had spoken ill in saying that the spirits of shocking but logical conclusion that: died just too

children would be redeemed without the It is better to be found among the number soon to hear grace of Christ into eternal life and the of the wicked who have reverted to sin the gospel kingdom of heaven, and that they could after baptism than to end one's life without preached; the

original delivered sin the frombe without having received baptism. 188 saint stands the reChrist baptism of which comes by

mission of sins—realizing into what a deep This immoral doctrine that places beside the

and tumultuous shipwreck he had thrown ritual conformity before good works tomb shedhimself that there other... he was no saw of ding tears of simply one the unavoidable to repent thanescape of what he had is frustraof consequences denying baptism bittersaid.1*

for the dead. "We cannot believe tion, the picThe saint was in a trap, with esthat any catechumen, even though ture of help-

1 e s s n e s s:cape blocked at both ends—a terhe dies in the midst of his good

Irible dilemma, the only refuge from works, will have eternal life,"wrote "What a, cruel God leading straight to a Gennadius, to whom the catechucould have weak law, which is no escape at all, men's ardent desire for baptism made of you, greatest ofbut "shipwreck."Only baptism for counts for nothing. 194 Compare this O

the dead can avoid these catastrophto the teaching of the Shepherd of poets,"h e ic extremes, but that is out. The Hermas who concludes the passage cries, "had I

Pelagians tried to dodge the issue referred to above with the words: only found

188 seat, putting a soft quasiby medium alive!"you

in died righteous purity, and great Theylocum, positing the a horns, between it is, there As this seal and the only thing they was satisfiedcolorless limbo which River like The Jordan no meanders a tidewater lacked. is nothing the stream through plain the floodone which brushes Augustine and

aside with the declaration that there is no middle region, and that the baptized will go to hell and nowhere else. 188 Only this does not satisfyAugustine either; he characteristiBAPTISM FOR THE

cally tries to eat his cake and have his Gennadius church and would the declarationit with that unbapfor that, but them not so the &, J4u9k mtey, PL2). childrentized must be damned, comdamn

pletely damned, and be with the early church. The Shepherd exdevil in hell, only, he explains, they plains: church can do about it, and poor

is Virgil forever If damned. youwill gently""most be damned [the this reason they For Apostles] went doubt it, behold in the fourth him a liberal In such(mitissime) living into... with them spirdown the water

it, Bottom, the weaver, in order not and gave them life... and came up out canto of the Inferno, conducting the

to frighten the ladies while playing again with them, and were gathered up dejected Dante into an horrible the role of a most terrible lion, together with them, region "... of infinite woes...

darkness deep blind... and mist a as as gently to "roarpromised you that all might share eternal life. 196 world,"at the sight of Virgil which (Shakespeare, sucking dove."any is instructive. contrast himself pale. turns ask "You what I, The Night's Dream, ActMidsummer

Sc. 2.) A "gentle"damnation, inspirits these are that you see?"he

of hell"? asks the younger poet:deed! And'how about "the gates

It is interesting that Augustine They seem to be "prevailing"in They are not here because of sin, and if can still report that there actually fine style. Augustine "... would they lack a sufficient boon of mercy, it is

are that God had saved from hell"those for not having been baptized.... Having

lived before the Christianity of they days great ancient of schoolmen and good that that believe custom a few... who did not duly worship and God; one I am their chairs times profrom who to according which gospel of the partwas of failing lost are that for one them—we unity, stern divine the claimed but the for substitutes dead of wasthe work sin; for for that not offence and any alone

the and. of theeffective, were it. 198 dead members after forbids long reason Not live in longing!198 hopeless we 1* baptism, of the with waterslaved him Ennodius

tells indeed of Christ'sthus confusing baptism for the dead He then of Libellus in defence In his Pope Symvisit to rethat world, and of the with baptism of substitutes)(use.. the. pictures Imperial City of machus of lease patriarchs the great of the opinionthe dead. The universal fate the of her lamenting famous and

after Augustine is that there is no mighty sons... who, unredeemed by the Old Testament, but adds, "Aside

spirit another from them not human to hell, they because were doomed 200 month, refer to Church, continued from last Numbers, resist saved!"Christ. 187 of before was had lived the coming One cannot S.end of article.. atbibliography

212 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA saying with an earlier day found simply unthinkbelieves that baptism operates only

Peter in the able and immoral. Even the stern on the person who receives it."208 To

Clementine St. Bernard when faced with the be sure, and is there anything wrong

account: cruel logic that would damn "... with receiving it by proxy? Is it

good persons, who meant to be not a far more extravagant arrangeand A good inbaptized but were prohibited by ment to have an infant at baptism great god deed, who,.. death,"balks at it, "God forgive accept the gospel by proxy, as most

damns the good me!"he cries, but he cannot admit churches do? Those offering the

... simply bethey are though his church damned, child for baptism, are told, anwe

303 cause they do offers him little if,*"no alternative. swer beand the one for

not know him!

lieves "through another"{in altero)

So much Come divines have maintained that "because08 he sinned through anfor those unthe human race was brought into other."* Not only is the purely spir-

f o rtunates existence for the express purpose of itual act of believing ( instead of the "who lived filling the void left in heaven by the physical act of immersion) done by before h i s fall of the angels, a doctrine improxy, but the baptism itself is adcoming."As pressively set forth by the preacher ministered vicariously. How is it

for those who in Joyce's Portrait of the Artist As possible, St. Augustine asks, that

came after, a a Young Man; yet we are to believe Jesus209baptizes and yet does not bapwriting to that the overwhelming majority of tize? The explanation is that "it

Peter the human spirits were condemned even is not the minister 210but Christ himself who baptizes,"for Deacon before their creation never to see states that heaven at all, but to spend eternity The authority [potestasj of baptism the in those nether regions which, so Lord always keeps to himself, but the minthat vacancies far having any from time our... whenfrom to istrybad.mof it he transfer's to anyone, good or

fill, enlightare, to follow the same Savior said, "Except a man ened guide, indescribably overIn a like manner the vicarious prinbe born of wacrowded! And they defend their inciple runs through the whole econetc., ter,"no in the doctrines name human Christ's of the church: through of omy the lacking one

! reason is sacrifice vicarious every member f sacrament o

-Photograph from and Christ "went down for can the penalty paid to have thought When Three Lions baptism sin and satisfied the demands of justice, while the Lord's own work is carried out by his earthly delegates. If it is possible for the Fa-

1/ Jj ii 1/ in Xfnclent Jliwied ther and Son to be presently represented through the ministrations

ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR OF HISTORY AND preached... overcoming death by of men in the flesh, is it outrageous

RELIGION, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY death,"204 he delivered those who presumption for men to stand proxy were in bondage because they had for their own kin in the spirit world?

reChristian churches today either fulfilled enter the Do not of heaven or rethe law kingdom completely never life. eternal ceive for bapthat every candidate in quire baptism including obedience, of

particular. Yet that is the very class tism be "according to most ancient

is thy victory, where "O grave O a vicarious accompanied usage"by later Christian the of dead whom sting?"is thy death where Where parent? 212 can do for All that men saving. as beyond regard churches

indeed! By a conservative estimate, When the Roman Church, to the themselves they must do, the gospel

the unbaptized should represent at loud dismay of Paul, Ennodius, preaches, but whatever they cannot the very least ninety percent of the Dante, St. Augustine, etc., is possibly do for themselves must be human family—a substantial victory absolutely helpless to open the done for them; hence the great

for the grave most effective and a atonement. of heaven hence gates of hell—and children. stinging of God's Can there be any serious objecfails to she beloved Virgil her Says—to

Fulgentius: fill in the most important qualification tion then to a vicarious baptism

it possible to satisfy makes Christ; and which of the Jesus of Church firmbelieve the to with utmost are You of the law, enjoy all the demands scripture of upon verse that very. life all this present that ness end.. who

outside the Catholic Church are to go to the which she rests the full weight of the mercy of God without qualificaeternal fire which is prepared for the devil her vast pretentions, letting the tion, and retain the ordinance in its and his angels.802 world think against all knowledge purity, intact and unaltered? It

that "the gates of hell"is but a should be remembered that in the

It is cold comfort for any church to poetic generalization, that verse convery matter of baptism the Christhe gates claim that of hell do not will waive all their tian churches demns her utterly. 205 prevail minority, against its small careful rules in an emergency, and

but only against those who do not At present the justification of the allow anyone to baptize anyone else belong to it; that is the very docChristian churches for denying bapat any time or place and in almost

trine which, as we saw at the outtism for the dead may be found in any manner, lest some poor soul in set of this study, the Christians of the statement that "... the church (Concluded on page 214)

APRIL 1949 i 213

BAPTISM FOR TIIE DEAD IN ANCIENT TIMES

(Concluded from page 213) 1"was the early church that preached which the world knows virtually extremis be eternally damned.* and practised work for the dead, nothing. Not even the most zealous

Thus the churches are willing to that no one denies; 814 the later antiMormon has even begun to ofdistort the rite of baptism beyond church, condemning the work, confer an explanation for its discovery,

recognition for the laudable purpose fesses at the same time that she does which in its way is quite as remarkof making it as universal as possible; not understand it. able as the Book of Mormon. The

but as the price of being universal It has not been the purpose of this critics will have to go far to explain it ceases to be a baptism at all. And discussion to treat of baptism for the this one.

so the dilemma remains, with only dead as practised by the Latterday stands references following In the "PC"the Latin, Patrologia and forRomantheone escape: baptism for the dead. Saints. No one having any acGreek "PL"for

quaintance with that system, hownumeralscolumns. designate volumes and Arabic numerals

Tn summing up the data at hand, ever, can fail to notice the essential we note three aspects of the docidentity of the ancient with the w'DeOp. Anima.cit.. 503:c. ix518:(PL520:xllv,1889480-1

umentary remains: their adequacy, modern usage and doctrine. This Contralss>Op. cit.,lutianum,HO; 120;vi 188-9(PL xlv. 1596-7)

their paucity, and their distribution. close resemblance poses a problem. 102"'Ambrose,Basilius. Lib.citeddeInSpicituPL Iv.Sancto(235) X. 26 (PC xxxii.

The three support and explain each Where did Joseph Smith get his 113)183Greg. Nyssen, De Baptismo ( PG xlvi, 424)

Eccl. dogmat..other and lead to certain obvious knowledge? Few if any of the 997).>Gennadius.This doctrineDe precludes any beliefc. 74in |PLthe "bapIvtil,

conclusions. sources cited in this discussion were tism of desire,"a vague device by which modern

In the first place, the evidence is available to him; the best of these Catholicstized. No attemptone couldto beprovidemore baptismeligible forfor suchthe unbap-a bapmore than sufficient to establish the have been discovered only in recent Gennadiustism than thedescribespure andas lost.desirous catechumen, whom

presence and prominence in the years, while the citations from the utHermae Pastor. Simil. ix, 16. 6-7

early church of belief in the salvaothers are only to be found scatAugustineiMAugustine,finds Epist.it "absurd"No. 164to (PLbelievexxxili.that 708718).one who

tion of the dead through ministratered at wide intervals through lacked(714). faithAs toin lifethosecanwho"believewere ondisobedientChrist In inhell"the

tions that included preaching and works so voluminous that even had timesay thatof Noahthey ever(I Peterlived 3:20),in the theflesh!scripture1713.) doesBy suchnot

baptism. The actual practice of they been available to the Prophet violentwhich herationalizationsdescribes as "hard"A.ugustine{durum).upholds a doctrine

vicarious baptism for the dead in he would, lacking modern aids, nRaby, Christian Latin Poetry, p. 117

the ancient church is equally cerhave had to spend a lifetime run186'AdductusMaronisfudit supermausoleumeum tain, even the hostile commentators, ning them down. And even had piae rorem lacrimae

with their seventeen different interhe found such passages, how could siQuernte vivumte. dixit,invenissem,rededissem

pretations, agreeing on that one they have meant more to him than poetarum maximel thing alone. they did to the most celebrated di- (4345)lmlnferno.that Canto"great iv,sorrow712,seized1945.his Theheart"poetat saysthe

Yet if they are clear and specific, vines of a thousand years, who sight,of greatfor worth."he knew many of the sufferers to be "people

references to baptism for the dead could make nothing of them? aoo/n/erno, iv. 5263

c. HI. fol. 159are nonetheless few. How is that This is a region in which great (Cit.201DePL FideIviii. ad1043)Petrum Diaconum

to be explained in view of the extheologians are lost and bemused; *Fulgentius, De fide c 38 (reg. no. 35) (PL lxv.

treme importance of the subject and to have established a rational and 704)""Cited by Elmenhorst. in PL Iviii. 1043.

the obvious popularity of the docsatisfying doctrine and practice on A common formula, Hippolytus. De Antichr., c.

trine with the saints? For one thing grounds so dubious is indeed a tre26a0BProf. Sidney B. Sperry brings to my attention

the apostolic literature is not extenmendous achievement. Yet we are gatesthe Copticof Amente"rendering(Oxfordof "gatestranslation).of hell"asThis"theIs

Egyptian meaning "the word wellknown West"sive; one volume could easily conasked to believe that Joseph Smith the

Sethe, realm of ( K. the dead."hence "the and

tain it all. Yet it is in these fragproduced out of a shallow and Aegupt. Ztschr. xlvii (1910). 31): it retains bothin

ments of the earliest church writings scheming head the whole great meaningstisches tlandworterbuchalso in Coptic (Heidelberg.(Wilh. Splegelbcrg.1921), pp.Kop-5,

that virtually all our references are structure of work for the dead that 25:35 ), alsowherein [nl,it hasof Egyptiannothing toArchaeologudo wilh SatanXII (1926),or the

to be found: the earlier a work is, for over a century has engaged earliestdevil. Ittranslatorsis a factof ofthedecisiveNew Testament,importance andthatthosethe

in in knowltime and thosethe more it has to say about bapthousands of quite sane people in nearestedge, choseto thethisprimitiveword churchinstead of expressions tism for the dead. After the third an activity which has been the chief (such as TE or NOUN} which mean "hell"in the

century no one wants to touch the joy of their lives. To design such a ofbad.thetyrannicaldead, andsense.regularly"Amente"a word isof simplygood omen.the land

subject, all commentators confining work would more than tax the pow- "WCabrol & Leclercq, Diet. I!. 1, 381

themselves to repeating the same ers of the greatest religious leaders Augustine,Augustine, DeSerm.Baptismo294, 11 iv.6 1824 (PL(PL xxxviii,xlifj, 175)1342.

arguments against baptism for the of the past, but to have made it con1346) dead and supplying the same farform at the same time to the pat- "Won"""In PLministerxxxv. 1511sed ipse Christus qui baptizat, PL

fetched and hairsplitting explanaterns of the primitive church (not xxxlii. 311

tions of what Paul really meant. brought to light until the last seven368-9.'Augustine,371-2 in PL xxxv. 1419, 1428, 1437: xliii.

After the second century the vast ty years) is asking far too much of tuCodex Juris Canonici (1918). Can, 793

barns of the Patrologia are virtualgenius and luck. Compared with allow*Hd,forCan.two 742.types 746,of baptism,747, 758.which762; differthesewidelyrules

ly empty, and the fathers who love such an accomplishment the masin Astheir anmannerexampleof beingwhich carriedwe failedout.to include In the

precedingnothing so much as spinning out sive and repetitious productions of century Bishop article,Aimona belated( Haymoncitation) of Halberstadt.from the ninthmay

their long commentaries on every the ecclesiastical mind from St. be allowed at this point. Speaking of the primitive

syllable of scripture pass by those Augustine to the present are but orchurchrelative:he says:propinquus)"If one happenedof their lovedto departones this(friendlife

passages of hope for the dead in the mechanized output of the withoutwould bethebaptizedgrace ofin hisbaptism,name: someand livingthey believedperson

peculiar silence. As Lanfranc put it, schools, requiring little more than Thethat theBishopbaptismmust ofdeny,the livingof course,wouldthatprofitPaultheapproveddead."

how can one presume to cope with "patience and a body."the why practice,the Apostleand haschosetheanusualimproperdifficultypracticeexplainingto il-a problem which has baffled the Work for the dead is an allim- lustrate and support {ut suadeat et ostendat) his

greatest minds of the church? It portant phase of Mormonism about 598.)doctrine. (Expositio in Ep. I Ad Cor.. PL cxvii,

214 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Satt cLahe Ua BRANCH for DEAF m it was that said, "Evseed, which required many hours of Whoever erything comes to him who toil. Elder and Sister Barlow were (Ldwin f\oM UhursLon waits,"certainly hit the nail always on hand directing the work &

squarely on the head; at least for a as well as laboring, thereby saccertain of group people. rificing deaf that time The would otherwise for conferences, seating nearly four of Salt Lake Valley breathe can have at their been used home. own for hundred single persons a meetwith a sigh relief of after twentythe deaf seen frequentmost Among ing; Relief a Society kitchen, room, eight long years ly without a site the at permaof building, the donatthree office, classrooms, an as and nent "home."to ing Thanks President labor, time and to seems have

facilities. well as other Included are

his Albert George Smith counand been sixtyeight-yearold Joseph fluorescent lighting a throughout, selors; to Dr. A. In Widtsoe, John the Jr. Cameron, group, women's in hall, stage recreation the large

fP&JP blackboards, and signal lights in place of bells to indicate end of class periods.

(\N Sunday morning, October 10, 1948, the deaf were delighted by a visit to their services of Dr. John

A. Widtsoe, who announced that

the chapel was ready for use, and although not yet fully organized, it could be used for Sunday School

At left: the new chapel.

Below: members of the foreign language

committee who were present at the organizing of the branch presidency, on November 14, 1948.

from left to right: Arnt Cngh, Hugo Peterson,

Dr. John A. Widtsoe, Thomas Clarke, E. Ross

Thurston, Lloyd O. Ivie, Holger M. Larsen, Willard f. Barlow, Max W. Woodbury (President of

the Ogden Branch for the Deaf), L. Elgin Jacobson, and Frank I. Kooyman.

chairman of the foreign language committee of the Church; and to

members of Dr. Widtsoe's committee; to Willard E, Barlow; and to

others, who have in any way contributed to this effort in securing the new building, the deaf now have their own beautiful, threeunit structure at the corner of Fifth South and

Eighth East streets.

Ground was broken on August 20, 1947, by Bishop Thorpe B.

Isaacson, representing the Presiding

Authorities, in the presence of a large and enthusiastic gathering of local deaf people and their friends.

During the process of building many of the deaf of the valley donated what labor they could in the clearing of trees and weeds, and also did—Photos, courtesy Rodney W. Walker

such things as nailing down the subflooring, taking down the forms Sister Kate O. Keeley did more services the following Sunday, Ocafter the cement foundations were than her share of the work. tober 17. Imagine the joy which

set, and leveling of the grounds. Many facilities are found in this filled everyone.

When the building was nearly comthree-unit building, among which Sunday, November 14, the Salt pleted, they also, with the help of are the chapel, capable of seating Lake Valley Branch for the Deaf, local deaf ladies, cleaned up wherone hundred ten persons; the recreaChurch of Jesus Christ of Latterever possible, prepared the grounds tion hall, which with its movable day Saints, was officially organized

for planting of shrubs and lawn partition, can be used, if necessary, {Continued on page 244)

APRIL 1949 215 Jrood, *Ml iviaep, AND fiV THE CHURCH AND MODERN SOCIETY

Part IV

of the Department and rest as the basic biological of Anthropology, necessities for activity. Air ( despite

the American Muthe modern threat of atomic con- * /- | v seum of Natural tamination) exists in abundance.

History, puts the Water, in the total sense of adepopulation probquate global supply, is not a severe lem forward in an problem. Food, however, has al-

'- -.;-..: interesting way by ways been a problem. According to

that pointing out finding of opinion if the uniform and wife husband and scholarship there has never been k*-*/..- * *'-?:'/'':&;>'.; a

-"*'- ">*". '%* have six children, enough food produced in the world

*<$3*?W8e; "/ "UlSB'M and each pair of to fill properly the stomachs of

to Urbanization mankind. mechand were.

chil-t.-. < six 1—Photograph bg Eva Luoma childrenproduce anization invaded mankind's have

Fairfield Osborn is president dren and so on, after nineteen genneed for rest, but this problem is of

Dr.of the New York Zoological erations their posterity could num- a different order than the problem

Society and author of Our ber more than the present population of food.

Plundered Planet. At the centenary of the world—2,324,522,934! The What happens between birth and

meeting ( 1 948 ) of the American following table, based on Shapiro, death to influence population? Why

Association for the Advancement of compares 1940 population with that weren't there 2,324,522,934 human

Science leading participants deof 1650, about the year that Joseph beings nineteen generations after clared that the earth was inadequate Smith's ancestor, Robert Smith, left Adam and Eve? Dr. Shapiro notes

to support human population at its England for the New World, two broad influences on the birth present rate of increase. Dr. Osrate. These elements affect the

1650born, speaking on the topic, "What 1940 broader issue of conservation, agri- (millions) Cwrfineirf (millions)

Hope for Man?"posed this situaculture, and food supply in that

tion: In the last three centuries huAsia 25 \,\94 they represent influences on the

from beings have multipliedman beings deof human number who 3? Zr million toabout four hundred forests, pollute streams, con156 nude 100 over AfricagXSZ

two billion; this figure will double South America.... 6.4 92 sume corn pone, and treat the earth,

in another seventy years; it takes Australasia 2 11 not as a precious gift, but as if it

to feed ade214 acres one person last forever. the head- 'would Under iotas "

less countriesquately; have many rate, influences ing of social on birth

than an acre of productive land per Shapiro lists sexual taboos, long incapita. Population study began to be a fantnursing periods, abortion, inAbout the same time, William scientific possibility after the fanticide, delayed marriage, conVogt, chief of the conservation secestablishment of the Constitution of cubinage, prostitution, social distion of the PanAmerican Union the United States which requires a ease, urbanization, and contraceppublished his view of the situation decennial census in the United tion. All these factors operate as

in Road to Survival (Sloane, N,Y.: States, the first count occurring in brakes on population growth ac1948). His interpretation is approx1790. In 1801, England began an cording to this authority. Notimately the same as Osborn's, official census and since that time withstanding these ancient social

. not many., J of the modern nations,. have. "brakes,"population has forged... that,, in. all vlthe world,,, Athere is

enough available untiled land to fill the taken censuses. It was shortly after ahead tremendously in the age of

net increase of 50,000 stomachs which are the first American census that science, hygiene, and industrializabeingnow English the Malthus, added to the world population Robert clergytion. type of influence second A day.every his on Popular Essay man, wrote birth rate Shapiro notes as on the

Vogt goes further with the frightention > substantially suggesting the "catastrophic."Examples are faming thought that instead of agriculproblems now being elaborated and ine and war. Yet these catastrophtore helping the situation, paradoxipopularized by Osborn, Vogt, and ic influences do not halt the upward

cally, it depletes the soil and lays others. curve of population in modern

the basis for ruin (as now pracBetween birth and death is life, times: after the year of famine,

tised). Life at its basic level is subsistence. the birth rate increases and during

Dr. Harry L. Shapiro, chairman Subsistence requires air, food, drink, war it accelerates tremendously.

216 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA i

JUy Lf. J4omer> <Jjurkam} fk.JJ.PEOPLE HEAD OF POLITICAL SCIENCE DEPARTMENT, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

Ts it true that there are 600,000,000 too many people in the world tonourished billion of our brethren ished countries, both in quantity day? That poverty and hunger, inand sisters is worse than even this and quality, are India, Java, the

stead of being eliminated, are forecomparison. Most of their prewar Philippine Islands, Korea, Iran,

doomed to a large role in the future diet came from starchy cereals, with Iraq, TransJordan, Mexico, El because of population pressure? We hardly any animal products such as Salvador, Costa Rica, and Colomare told in modern revelation that milk, cheese, eggs, or meat; and relbia, with 2,000 calories or less a

the earth is the Lord's and the fulatively few fruits and vegetables. day. A number of basic "nutritionness thereof. The ancient command So, declares FAO, what mankind al targets"have been established

in Eden was to "multiply and reneeds is not only more food but by FAO as a consequence of this plenish the earth"and subdue it. better food, containing the necesstudy.

What of teeming mankind in the sary vitamins and minerals.

twentieth century, with a predicted Nutritional Targets of the Food and doubling of world population withIt is obvious that if production goals be Agricultural Organization of in seventy years? basedthe worldon fullproductionphysiologicalof theserequirements,more exthe United Nations

For the first time in human hispensive foods wilt need to be increased by (a) Raise the minimum available food tory on this globe, as this problem more than one hundred percent. intake in all countries to 2,550-2,600 calbecomes acute, intelligent mankind ories daily.

are approaching a situation where A ccording to a world food survey (b) Produce cereals adequate for 1,200to 1,800 calories, balanced be carefully Father's the condition of all our covering seventy taken by FAO,. fruits, foods, against starchy sughowever children viewed can be and '': ninety undercountries of percent (about ars.

stood factually. This situation is mankind ), the worst undernour- {Continued on page 247)

still future. But thanks to the foresight of the framers of the Ameriis-—Photograph by Religious News Service

can Constitution in requiring an accurate, scientific census, and similar developments in many fields in the nineteenth century, we of the twentieth may be able to surmount the difficulties posed by Malthus. For

this we are also indebted to the scientific work performed by the

League of Nations, 19191939, and now the United Nations.

"There has never been enough food in the world."With this statement begins a recent publication of

the FAO—the Food and Agricultural Organization of the United

Nations. Established towards the

end of World War II (Dr. Franklin S. Harris, president of Utah

State Agricultural College, was a delegate to the organizational meetings and has since been active in its affairs ), the FAO is an international factfinding society headed by Sir

John Boyd Orr as directorgeneral.

Following are some of the facts produced by FAO which constitute a basis for solving the problem of food, population, and hunger.

Before the recent war half of mankind were consuming daily less than 2,250 calories and consequently suffering from malnutrition and deficiency diseases. The inhabitants

of the United Kingdom under "austerity rations"have had 2,750 or more. But the plight of the underAPRIL1949., -f

First schoothouse and chapel in Bluff, Utah, erected in 1880;

torn away in 1894, and early settlers. Lett to right: Kumen Jones,

Platte D. Lyman, Jense Nielsen, James B. Decker, and F. A.

The Fort on the Hammond.

Firing Line Jtuie.jfman

SYNOPSIS driven to very distant places, some Mormons. If a horse were left unTn the year 1851, President Brigham of them beyond Clay Hill. guarded, he got it. If a milk cow

* Young sent colonies to extend the O what a bonanza for these avariwandered far into the willows, she territory the south. toMormon Those who cious tribes who had been devouring became his beef.

adversaries: the to fightwent had four

Utes, the Navajos, the renegade whites, each other on this borderland for and nature, which seemed at times the generations! Horses to ride! Cattle T-Towever, there was a brighter

greatest adversary with of all. No treaty set'to butcher! And the owners of these side to this picture, and somethe guarantee United the States could

tiers from the depredations of the Navajos. animals too few in numbers to dare people saw in it a promise of betterEven Kit Carson who displaced the Indians anything but plead and preach—things in the future. Kumen Jones,

to it impossible quell them.had found Jacob nothing like it ever before around one of the leading men, went among Haskell Thales genuinelyHamblin and

loved the Indians, and time after time won this desolated crossing! the Navajos to curry their favor and

it reluctant to peace, onlythem to a have their in his early language, and in his learn Platte wrote D. Lymanbroken again actions the because of the of with contact a them he met Joe, Jim crucidiary, are to be about whites. lastrenegade at the "We But Mormons

had begun their settlement, in the face of fied between two thieves."man about his own age, twentytwo

Indian attacks and nature. With dark prospects of being left years, and they loved each other

afoot, they spared one of their numfrom the first. Changing scenes and

ber to guard the horses twentyfour vexatious conditions failed to VII hours a day, but no thief appeared estrange them. Like David and

they Jonathan they embraced when the while watching. guard was The Bluff in trees 1880. shaded met. people Jim's trained been had hills expression, innocent took an on the beat sun on down TheNo birth steal, to from the passion and prowlers, for the from peeping terrific force, white with sand in thieving of ran their blood, but the that or gulches summits, knew all the of lookeddazzling eyes who to take scorned anything not Joe this to Jim to best beat game was way shelters, their improvised andfrom his tell to or true. not own, what was sight. of out keep with cloudsthe loaded came winds lovetie splendid these between The

in ditch the the sand, and Thatof the desdust dry sand from and constituted the two men beginning fields their old uncertain with new reservation.ert It buried of the of an important link which to was protect to from them in snowdrifts. asthings Food bullfences up develop between their red white and

called the starving stock for loudly gritty. alwayswas brethren.

attention able strength of every and settlers started from had The little incidents happy By and by left a for the horses man, they and foundation withsouthwestern Utah it degrees slow toilthe on dawned little while for longer then a and cattle, for theystock of herds and in Bluff ers that these peoNavajo telling while, they would as with brought them manyhad ple not were so as they bad had for safe days. Their a be day—twothemselves It afford. as horses could theygood to be. seemed those Among who for hour, safe horses never were an this of a foundabut remnantwas to this inspect came strange project ditch day, or the night though even thattion the stock survived hard had the on San Crossing, there Juan apfields the burning and empty was in rocks, the thesewinter few and at intervals peared very some wonwere indispensable to the life and up. derful men and women who, withgrowth of the colony. Yet all these Navajo Frank, robust and selfout seeming to do so, pleaded the

animals, even the work teams and sufficient as a wellfed boar, took up cause of their kinsmen and revealed the milk cows had to hunt for forhis abode near Bluff and set out to a delightfully human and lovable age away among the unprotected monopolize opportunity as it was side to the Navajo nature.

hills, and the range cattle had to be opened to him by these strange Corpulent old Peejon-kaley, 218 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA pleasant in form and face, came alIt would have to be checked or they to do it? In answer to their petition,

ways with a smile or a refreshing could not survive. They had no deErastus Snow, Brigham Young, Jr.,

joke. Even the children liked to see fense but the charm of entreaty as it and Francis M. Lyman, came all the

him. Pishleki, another pleasant and was supposed to be employed in the long, long way from Salt Lake City

portly personality, made valuable new warfare, and it was strangely to review the situation and to give contributions to the cause of good difficult to employ. At all events, advice.

will by his cheerful words and fine they had not learned how to make They reminded the people that in sense of humor. it protect their livestock wandering the undisciplined hearts of these

An old brave and his grown unguarded on the range. two native tribes rankled a savage

daughter came quietly through the With their wives and their chilsomething which had menaced the doorway one day, and stood listendren they had staked their fortunes peace of Utah for thirty years. The

ing in silence to soft music from an and their lives on this unprecedented colony had been planted in this imadjoining room. Suddenly the young venture for the protection of the portant position to transform them

woman dropped into a chair by a older settlements, and they hung by the magic of kindness. It was

table, and, bending over with her suspended on their hopes of the intended, and the intention had carhead on her wrists, she cried and Providence which had been promried thus far, that there were to be sobbed like a brokenhearted child. ised as their deliverer. How long no more Indian scares among the old

The old man stood regarding her could it still be delayed before they settlements.

tenderly, and when asked why she would starve? Navajo Frank and It would have been poor consolacried, he explained that she had rehis pack of greedy rivals gnawed at tion to the people of Bluff to have

cently lost a little boy, and she could them every day like coyotes on a it pointed out that no more Indian hear him calling in the music. carcass, and the Piutes in general troubles in the rest of Utah, would

An old Navajo mother came into gobbled them up slick and clean almost certainly mean that the quell- a Bluff home where a weakly skelwith every opportunity. ing of the inevitable passion for war

eton of a baby was fighting for its Years of hairraising experiences would be at the cost of troublesome life with some problem of malnutriin this ancient trouble zone were to times and frequent bloodshed in San tion. The Navajo woman bent tenprove that these Piutes had been the Juan with its solitary town a hunderly over the child, breathing the meltingpot for Indian outlaws from dred miles from all other white men.

love and solicitude which only a all directions. They had discovered Nothing but the kind of magic which

true mother can know. Next day it as a criminal's paradise long besaved Jacob Hamblin from the

she came from her distant hogan fore it was recognized as such by flames could save them from dewith a little bucket of goat's milk to white men. struction.

nourish the starving child. She conIt is well the hopeful toilers on

tinued to come from day to day the ditches and fences and non- *"Po Erastus Snow and his comwith the bucket till the pinched little descript log houses did not see at panions the people poured out bones began to be hidden with first this inevitable phase of their the story of their hardships: robhealthy flesh. monstrous task. Its fortunes good bers, white and red, stripping them

and bad were now all obscured in of their property till they hardly pROM these unpremeditated pleas mists of uncertainty, and like a lamb had a horse to ride or a cow to milk.

from the Navajos for good will, between two snarling packs it wonLike great kind fathers the three a sense of appreciation and symdered how long it was to survive. leaders listened to them as they

pathy like an awakening kinship The Saints appealed to the would to the children they loved, began to grow like a little flower in Church leaders who had called reminding them that a great trust a choking tangle of ugly weeds. them, and wanted to know whether, had been reposed in them, and much

Yet the steady disappearance of in the midst of all these things, they depended on the success of the mishorses and cattle was unbearable. would still be expected to stay. If sion they had been called to fill.

The people viewed it with dismay they were to stay, how were they (Continued on page 220)

An early scene of Bluff, Utah THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE (Continued from page 219) to admit a wagon opened into each And where would it get revenue "You are far from the more popcorner of the fort, and the log meetto power its projects, enforce its orulous and more prosperous towns of inghouse stood in the north center ders, and build up the country? The

the territory,"they said, "and in looking south. big cattle kings that had come into

your obscurity you may feel that the county from Colorado and loyou are forgotten by all the outTt was in that square with doors cated at La Sal and Blue Mountain, side world. You may therefore conand windows on every side that the formidable outfits with their

clude that your work is of no imthe writer of this story first begangs of terrible gunmen, had yelled portance. But as the main fort on came aware that he was a living betheir exultant farewell to taxation

the front of the firing line, you are ing in a most wonderful world with when they crossed the line, and they acting as sentinel for the rest of other living beings. The memory had surrounded themselves with

Utah. It is imperative that you stay picture of that old fort is still vivid fighting elements calculated to

and carry on. You are here to end in his mind with the log walls, the frighten any assessor from venturthe costly troubles which have been dirt roofs and the quaint olding into camp.

breaking out for a long time, and to fashioned windows and doors all The new county appointed Lemforestall greater troubles which, but facing the big log meetinghouse as uel H. Redd, Jr., assessor and colfor you, will break out in the fuif in the attitude of worship. lector, who taking with him Kumen

ture."When Silas S. Smith, returning Jones, went to the cattle barons

The people believed and accepted from petitioning the Territorial Legto assess their livestock. They told

what they said. Their strongest inislature, caught up with his company him with a confidential sneer that no

tuitions assured them that merit settled at Bluff, he brought with taxes would be paid.

could not fail in due time to come him an authorization and appoint- "I'm going to assess every horse into its own. ment for the organization of a counand cow in your outfit,"Lem Redd

"If you are true men,"declared ty to be named from the river, San declared, aggressively, "and when

Erastus Snow,"and if you do your Juan. But the order to organize, the time comes, I'm going to collect

part to uphold this mission, the Inmaintain, and finance any kind of every cent of it."

dians who are unfriendly to you civil government with laws and He felt in his hands the splendid will waste away."standards in this rendezvous of power of the big cause he repreThe people believed it. Yet when thieves and murderers was about as sented, and when the time came, he

the three leaders had gone and the easy to give and as difficult to execollected in full. That was victory

inspiration of their personalities cute as the fabled order of the rats number one on the new firing line, could no longer be felt, when the to bell the cat. but the enemy had been taken unpeople went from the meeting in the All the same, the invincible spirit aware, and would fortify more careold bowery to find the prowlers still which had dared to ride on a rickety fully for the future.

cattle, their they wonderedamong yell orders old to a wagon and four- "Desides the political organization "wasting away"would behow this while of clumsy oxen headteam accomplished, and how soon it they dragged that wagon along a which had been made for San would begin. If it didn't start perilous trail over a "slantindiclar"Juan County, the visiting brethren

promptly and with a vengeance, it surface, was not going to turn pale from Salt Lake City had organized might as well never start at all. and surrender at the thought of San Juan Stake, with Platte D. Lyman as president. The three leaders had directed hoisting the banner of law in a den Thales Haskell, loved and trusted

the people to build a meetinghouse, of thieves. They organized a counfor his courage, his wisdom, and his

to stay together, and to make their ty with Bluff as its county seat, the unfaltering fidelity as an aid to homes in the form of a fort. The home of every one of its officials, Jacob Hamblin, was called by the

leaders had directed the people not and practically the only permanent Church to be interpreter, diplomat, to defy Providence by making community within its wide border. and mediator between the people of

places of residence remote from the This, however, is not forgetting that the fort and the native tribes. Haslittle fifteen miles community; wise to be and Montezuma, up the kell resoul of loyalty. the was He

in in their afflictions families all river, patient and half a dozen still had life his as his ability a and garded their dealings with the Indians; to and hopes of carrying on. trust reposed in him for the good of

refrain always from flying into a And now, with the little new orthe needy wherever he could help passion and doing some unwise ganization hatched out in the doubtthem. He feared God too much to

thing; and to cherish every suggesful shelter of the log fort, must they deal with any degree of unfairness,

tion of friendship and love which keep it hidden away there, and its but if ever he feared the face of should spring from their more existence a kind of secret lest the any man who walked the earth, nopleasant associations. bullies and gunmen ride over it body found it out.

They built their houses joining in roughshod and rush it before it With solemn words of firmness a hollow square covering about could get feathered out and develop and love he went to Navajo Frank three acres, with all the doors and its fighting spurs? To announce and other chronic thieves, his gray

windows on the inside, peepholes or itself openly would be to flaunt the hair and white beard in fitting acportholes in the backs of the houses red rag in the bull's face, a challenge cord with the dignity of his mesto look from the fort in every directo the rule of anarchy where it had sage.

tion. Four heavy gates wide enough boasted of being supreme. (Continued on page 240)

220 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FROM TEMRLE

By RICHARD L. EVANS

profitable. It tends to clutter up the time. Even active friendship takes

Jr6 Jrt cLita a5 a day to spend present with the wreckage we choose of the time.When \Jn jracin%

it spend don't past. against Fighting something with some people, we at in looking the livesCometimes

of others we may suppose that that can be changed and ought to with others. Even people of greatthere are those who lead an unbe, is thrilling. But fighting against est capacity are limited as to how

and get around how they can cannot be changed is futile. muchtroubled the what from existence—free intion touch lives can they learn about disappointment many We allheartaches, free from the reverses,

from the causes for worry and anxand regret before we're through. mate terms. Some men can do more

all ought to learn also how things than others. Some men can iety that beset the rest of us. The And we

less we know about others, the more to face life as it is and to have the be more things than others. Some

their to don't have to recover narrow our disappointfrom menlikely to are make this we error. We faith choices do. as others ments. Surely But as much make our we must tellcan't casual on acquaintance

what another man may be carrying plans. Surely we must keep the no man can be all things to all peoeven to himself. And evenaround in his heart, but we can blueprints of our dreams before us. ple—not

know with almost infallible certainty Aimless living is intolerable. But, though we may think we can be acthat, whoever he is and whatever he having done the best we can, we ceptable in all kinds of company,

in greatest even though victory our we may find think we mayis, dealt with life has him—or at first seriously taken like to be our cerwould to be seemed bybefore with through he is it. Wewill what

decide in the glorious and optimistic tain defeat, as Providence and serious people, and lightly by light promise of our youth what we would forces beyond our control step in people, and carouse with those who over, bestcarouse, the take sober sanely with and and be and overrule lifelike give us. to our dream We

laid inplans sober, at those every are of men. who plans;dreams; our make we we

6, 1949.—February stance to a choice, have make we specifications.write our own We

decide what we would like to be, even as a man of limited means has what we would like to do, where we to make his choice of what is offered can't be acceptwould like to live, what we would J>o Jake Lyoar LkoLce on the market. We

like for our children, how we would able to all circles. Any profession

like the days and the years to un- "\X7ith a limited amount of money, we pick, any life we choose, any favor, friends some all mean buy everything. we With we can't the the unforeseen,fold—and then, can't things. of other can't giving a limited up amount of life, we We intervenes:unplanned sometimes

misfortune, sometimes opportunity, be everything. Much as we may play the whole field. We can't have

but almost certainly something difwish it were otherwise, whenever the whole world, no more than a ferent from what we had planned. we decide to do one thing, we deyoungster with his penny can buy

Few men become precisely what cide not to do other things. If a man one of everything at the candy

they expected to become. They may has more than one talent, he is concounter. This is one of life's great

it is a momentous matbecome something greater or somestantly faced with a decision as to lessons. And

thing smaller but almost certainly which talent he wants to give his ter, this deciding of what we want something different. Life shapes us time to. When lack of talent doesn't to be, and being prepared to pay the

there is noas we shape life and when some of limit his choice, lack of time does. price of being it—for

all there is to such thing as success for the manthe things we had our hearts set No man can know upon do not unfold for us, someknow, not even in one profession who casts himself in all characters.

times we go to the extreme of railand perhaps not even in one part of In the limitless life ahead, there may ing against the irrevocable. Someone profession. Everything takes be time and opportunity to be everytimes we waste our days in wishing thing worth while that we want to

that something which has happened be. But here and now, we have to

take our choice. is entirehad not happened—which—February 13, 1949.

ly understandable, very but not {Concluded on page TIT)

TLJeard from the "Crossroads of the West"with the Salt Lake Tabernacle Choir and Organ over a nation11 wide radio network through KSL and the Columbia Broadcasting System every Sunday at 11:30 a.m.

Eastern Time, 10:30 a.m. Central Time, 9:30 a.m. Mountain Time, and 8:30 a.m. Pacific Time.

APRIL 1949 221 HIE SPOKEN WORD ( Concluded from page 221) men suddenly acquire a habit. They And we shouldn't take the first step

> at a Jiwie acquire habits first by trying someeven if it is comfortable, or conStJ long and repeated and persistent if the ultimate end is somethingM<[ostButmenthereresistare suddenways inchange.which thing the first time, and then by a venient, or attractive, or enticing,

ultimately is just as which in principle we are or shouldtremendous changes can come, alprocess—which

most without our being aware of it. complete as if it came all at once. be opposed to. Any trend in our

Men have often been led into acown lives, in our own homes, in ourBy small steps we may arrive at the oursame destination, which if we had cepting slavery of one kind or ancommunities, in our country—in slavery world—should be appraised notsuddenly been brought there, we other, a step at a time—the

ruggedly resisted. havewould A ofconvenience,habit, of custom,and ofof othercomfort,kindsof onlybut alsofor forwhatwhatit itis couldat thebe outset,at thestep at a time is a techwell-known

should never walknique. And often those who adalso. The road to most things lies other end. We

along this course: at and irresponsibly step toward a a time. blindlyvocate objectives which they know

in while direction each step any destination. be in any Whether it Andwould meet with determined resistmay not of itself seem to be impormatters of personal habit or private

ance if they should attempt to go all tant, any step in any direction is venture or public policy, we have the the way at once, are content to arimportant. And before ever we take right and responsibility to know

rive at the same result, step by step. the first step, we ought to look where each step tends to take us,

Many things are accomplished a where we would arrive if we were no matter how small the steps are step at a time—both good things to take the second and the third, or how easy they seem.

and bad things: for example, few and all the rest that were to follow.—February 20, 1949.

are made of credit ratings, of the to become clouded, thinking that it

Jke i\ecord certainty and the promptness with won't matter later. Unfortunately,

it does matter later. And At times we may be disposed to which we pay off our obligations; however,

conduct our lives carelessly and and our future credit is qualified by often there follows the heartbreak indifferently on the assumption that the record. Records, indelible in of wishing the record were different.

it would seem that thiswhen it is convenient or necessary, memory, are made by our friends And so we will settle down and give a more and loved ones, of our daily conshould be said to young people, duct and consideration in the many everywhere, at home or away: Live favorable account of ourselves.

However, always there comes a day small things that make for happiness so that you can look at anyone withwhen we have reason to learn how or unhappiness. But beyond all the out an accusing conscience, without

great is the importance of the recrecords which are kept by others, the memory of things you wish is lives within of there. kept straight the our record weren't Be open and the the only record—not ord—all fact, in are, record. our us. own honest. Don't permit anything and We of, also but parts are the proud we

all of the are summation we into to will that get not record your We there. weren't parts wish we Many

all all seen, done, have have we we scrutiny the stand searching under life, all in of are kept which records all experithought, have have we it If light will day. rise of do, you In picture. to the complete upadd shall the be books enced; and when in to to times plague and come, you is of ackept record school, our a shall judged, be and opened men

complishments in every course, selfrevelation, selfjudgment, selfyour own thoughts will accuse you, which qualifies our further academic appraisal may be expected to carry even when others do not, for 1we ourselves are our eternal record. opportunities. Records are made of the weight of the evidence—with

the least infractions of the law that each man knowing fully what he is. 1Revised

come to official attention. Records Sometimes youth permit the record -February 27, 1949.

WORLD AFFAIRS AND APRIL CONFERENCE

(Concluded from page 195) They should be able to act with greater "practical consequences"then, is even should put more They greater, because of our effective patthe World Council Mr. coordination. "Defore

relias emphasis on Christianity a world tern. continued: Dulles his that gave gion, remembering Son God

because he loved the World, not merely the

That is a conclusion that ought to lead West.

to practical consequences. The Christian Incidentally, what are moral prinis wholly considerable as yet but influence ciples? the princiare moral What reputed to have one of the We are If, international in the inadequate. to that need in be put to work, in ples organizations best church field, soundest, their clearly indicated are to play Christians

part, the churches must have better orthe world, judged by outside observers. these times? We might ponder this

ganization. They should be able to speak Continuing the logic of Mr. Dulles'question and listen carefully to the

more impressively with greater unity. argument, our burden for generating April conference messages, 1949.

222 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA must be quoted: "You are neglecting

infinities for infinitesimals."And

will sense that good and add common TIN E jN <xAz\ce\ throughout the book are rare humor all lives of to the exare much who posed to it. M. C. J.

A CHRONOLOGY OF THE tall tales: Emerson, with whom

BOOK OF MORMON Hawthorne became cordial; Lowell and CHEAPER BY THE DOZEN

(Wendell O. Rich. Published by the several of the leading political figures (Frank B. Gilbreth, Jr. and Ernestine

author. Latterday Saint Institute, of the day, including President FrankGilbreth Carey. Illustrated, Thomas

Logan, Utah. 50c.) lin Pierce whose campaign biography Y. Crowell, New York.

Tn this chart the course of events in Hawthorne wrote. But chief interest 1948. 237 pages.)

Book of Mormon times is shown of all, naturally, is that of Hawthorne T iluan Moller Gilbreth and Frank graphically. Important contemporaand his immediate family circle. His Bunker Gilbreth were industrial enneous world events are indicated. It is trip to Europe and his experiences in gineers who decided at the outset of

an easily understood picture of the sucEngland, Scotland, and Italy indicate their marriage that they wanted twelve cession of events, difficult for the readsome of the materials that went into children, preferably six boys and six er to prepare for himself. The work is Hawthorne's later books. Without the girls—and which in the end is the exact

carefully done. It is one of the best of trip to Italy, for instance, The Marble number and division that they had. The

such charts, and should be very useful Faun would undoubtedly never have way they managed the family, and the to all Book of Mormon students. been written.—M. C. J. fun they had together make this book

an that parents should W. not—/. A MAXIMS REFLECTIONS AND that order they can make miss—inexperience S. Churchill. (Winston HoughtonVERDI their life family own better and more Mifflin Boston. 1949, Co., Illustrated. (Dena Humphreys. Henry enjoyable. is whole The rebook a 176 pages $2.75.) Co.,Holt York. and New freshing autobiographical to approach least the this important of part "ot 1948. pages. 341 $3.50.) life family the of the Gilbreths. As is the introduction book Colin by studies lives the one of the\17hen it such, should to do cement much

is delight which to Coot a read both great ones, one comes more and family loyalties in these days of quick for the expression for well as as the realize to that fortunemore not does easy and C. /. divorce.—Af. matter. reflections the of And rathersmile to subject on many, they have

make their own desperate fight to Churchill are good—as Churchill is alTHE CHESTRY OAK

achieve. The struggle of Verdi ways a master of the English language. (Illustrated by the author, Kate Seredy,

against poverty, against illness and In fact, one of the maxims worth The Viking Press, New York. quoting—among import tremendous assumedeath—all

in this struggle to reach himbeyond quoted if space permitted—stressesothers that should thebe '"The1948. 236storypages.of the$2.50.)young prince Michself to the destiny that awaited him if value of English: ael of Hungary will make fascinathe could but conquer his adversities. I would make all boys learn English; ing reading as well as teach a valuable

During the life of Verdi great forces and then I would let the clever ones learn lesson in democracy for young people.

were at work. His music, almost more Latin as an honour and Greek as a treat. How he came to America and lived

than any other single factor, fanned the But the only thing I would whip them for with the Brown family and learned to flame of liberty in the hearts of the is not knowing English. I would whip love farming will also teach the value

Italians, eager for their freedom from them hard for that. of work. Kate Seredy is one writer

Austria. Also Verdi became aware of Churchill is so keen an analyst that whom no young reader should missthe need for care of the wounded—and these selections make fascinating readand few older ones will willingly miss

saw the birth of the International Red ing.—M. C. /. any of her writings. Her clever ilCross. Though Verdi is dead, his lustrations will add to the interest of

music lives on, a tribute to his genius. SWEEPER IN THE SKY the book.—M. C. /.

His great operas, Aida, Falstaff, Otello, The Life of Maria Mitchell

Rigoletto, La Ttaviata, II Trovatore, Helen Wright. Macmillan Company, THE FALL OF THE SPANISHas well as other of his compositions New York. 1949. 253 pages. $4.00.) AMERICAN EMPIRE

have echoed in the hearts and minds of '"Phis biography of the first woman (Salvador de Madariaga. Macmillan

men to make them feel that music inastronomer in America makes Co., New York. 1948.

deed is the universal language.—M. C. /. thoughtprovokinghelps round out areadingpictureindeed.of NewIt 443A pages.companion$5.00.)book to The Rise of

England. The setting for the story is the SpanishAmerican Empire, this

NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE unusual in its beginning—on the solivolume is one that all North Americans

(Randall Stewart. Yale University tary island of Nantucket, off the coast should read in order to understand and

Press, New Haven. 1948. of Massachusetts, which was frequenttherefore appreciate the history of the

279 pages. $4.00.) ly isolated during some of the winter Central and South Americas. The first

HPo those who have grown up with weeks. The setting is no less delightpart of the book is titled, The Soul of

"The Great Stone Face,"and have ful when it moves to Boston, to Engthe Indies, and deals with the human recognized the genius of The Scarlet land, to Rome—because Maria Mitchfactors in this area, explaining many of

Letter, this biography of the author of ell is there to dominate it and give the situations that exist even today as these and other wellloved tales will be vividness from her own observing na- a result of racial inheritance. The

a must. This work is a definitive one ture. Her keen observation did not other three sections deal with Internal

and that adds to the worth of it withlimit itself to the scene in which she Origins of the Secession, External out detracting in the least from its inmoved or the heavens which she Origins of the Secession, and Beggars terest. To have the New England of loved; she was a keen analyst of men for Independence, each of which adds

this period revived as it is by Profesand books, of science and history. Her its definitive contribution to the

sor Stewart is indeed an experience. ability as a teacher carries over to us scholarly study of this vast area of

Into the book Melville comes with his today in her instructions, one of which i Concluded on page 246)

APRIL 1949 223 'By Daane Haley Courtesy, Lee Studios

Ljeorae Gilbert Jmltk

224 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "V

Jo oLeader! OW

'J'o our Senior Editor, President George Albert Smith, the

Era family, more than eighty thousand strong, with 300,000 readers, offer congratulations upon the anniversary of his natal day (April 4, 1870). May his days long

increase upon the earth!

His people, the people of the Church, mighty in truth and faith, rejoice in his lifelong, intelligent, unfaltering devotion to the eternal cause of Christ. He bears worthily

the prophetic mantle, handed down from the Prophet

Joseph Smith.

Grateful is the Church for the leadership of a prophet, who in its behalf can commune with the Lord. Otherwise, there could be no certain progress amidst the issues

of the crowded, passing day. By revelation alone can

man move happily and safely towards his divine destiny.

For his welfare the prayers of the Latterday Saints rise daily toward A. W. heaven.—/.

[Reconciliation

Tn the gospel doctrine classes and priesthood quosays that Christ is the firstfruits of the resurrecrum study periods the questions frequently arise, tion. The Prophet Joseph Smith, in the Doctrine

"What is an angel?""Was the angel who apand Covenants 130:5, says "there are no angels

peared to Adam after he was driven out of the who minister to this earth but those who belong or

Garden of Eden a resurrected being?"These have belonged to this earth."In the Doctrine and

discussions are based largely on the statement in Covenants 129:1 he says angels are resurrected

the Doctrine and Covenants, section 130, verse 5, personages. In the Pearl of Great Price (Moses

which is as follows: "... there are no angels who 5:16), after the Lord sent our father Adam out of

minister to this earth but those who do belong or the Garden, after many days an angel of the have belonged to it."Lord appeared unto Adam and asked him why

Because of the misunderstandings we feel it he offered sacrifices unto the Lord. It would

proper to republish the following article written appear that there is an error in some of these many years ago by President Charles W. Penrose statements....—Subscriber."

and published in The Improvement Era, Vol, 15:949952. If critical people would take as much pains to

harmonize scripture texts and the sayings of inspired men, as they do to discover apparent conlA/fio and \AJkat J4m tke rnaet5i tradictions therein, much discussion would be saved and many contentions be avoided. Most of

""Phe annexed letter has been received by The the arguments of infidels, and the misconceptions

Improvement Era, and I am requested to anof habitual disputants, are the result of incorrect swer it for the benefit of others, as well as "Subconclusions reached through hasty reading.

scriber,"who desire information on the points Take, for example, the quotation in the forepresented. going letter of inquiry, from section 129, verse 1,

of the Doctrine and Covenants; reference to the

"How can we harmonize the following statetext cited will show that it is not there stated that ments, viz.: The Apostle Paul, in I Cor. 15:20, {Concluded on page 226)

APRIL 1949 225

EVIDENCES AND RECONCILIATIONS

{Concluded from page 225) of different degrees of intelligence, That great spiritual personage was "all"angels are resurrected beings, power, and authority, under the dian angel of God in his "first estate,"a notion that our inquirer, like some rection of higher dignitaries, and and yet never had a body of flesh, other persons, seems to entertain subject to the law and order in their but "was in authority in the presence and which forms the origin of his respective spheres. Elijah, who apof God"as a spirit, before he retrouble. The theme discoursed upon peared with Moses on the Mount of belled and was "thrust down."(D.

is the presence in heaven of two Transfiguration, was a translated SC 76:2528.)

kinds or classes of beings, namely man; Moses at that time was either Thus it will be seen that all anfirst, resurrected beings and, second, a translated man or a spirit ministergels are not resurrected beings, nor

spirits who are not resurrected. It ing to the Savior; both acted in the is it so declared. There is no conis not asserted that there are no capacity of angels. ( Luke 9: 2333. flict between what is revealed conother kinds of persons in heaven Enoch's band of translated beings cerning angels who have appeared

than they, but the subject treated is doubtless appeared as angels in to man and the statement in the of the two classes mentioned. manifestations to the patriarchs Doctrine and Covenants 130:5. In

Comparison with other texts of recorded in the book of Genesis. the first place, it is not there descripture, ancient and modern, makes Angels high in authority have clared that no angels from or beclear the fact that there are other been clothed on special occasions longing to other worlds have ever

grades or classes of heavenly with the right to represent Deity ministered on this earth. The words

beings than the two spoken of in personally. They have appeared are in the present tense; that is:

... just "There are no angels who ministersection 129. It is understood by and have been recognized

ordinary students of modern relias royal ambassadors of earthly to this earth but those who do begion that there are perfected beings potentates have acted, as recorded long or have belonged to it."That

is absolutely correct as it relates tocalled gods, who are higher than in history. The angel spoken of

the angels (see section 132:1620), in Exodus 23:2022 was one of the present and many of the past

It may also be trueand to whom the angels are servthese. So also was the angel dispensations.

ants. And even among the gods already spoken of who ministered as to the ministrations of heavenly

there are presiding personages, the to John on the Isle of Patmos, and beings to man on this earth, ever fall. The angel who spokeHoly Trinity standing at the head. used the names and titles of the Son since the

of (Rev. 1:1.) God. sacrifice, offered to when he Adam There are angels of various apnotion that angels popular The like himself, doubtless the Savior

pointments and stations. Michael is are winged beings, because it is "belongs to this earth"through recalled an "archangel."(D. & C. 29: stated by some scripture writers that ceiving a tabernacle here subse26; Dan. 10:13.) Some are resurthey saw them "flying through the quent to his appearance as a "minrected beings like the angel that heavens,"is a fallacy. Cherubim istering spirit"in the beginning.

was sent to John the Revelator and seraphim spoken of by Ezekiel Abraham, Jeremiah, many others (Rev. 22:8-9) and those already and Isaiah, are not to be classed not mentioned in scripture by name,

toreferred in D. & C. Sec. for angels, angels are the the 132, with great "the noble and were among

spirits, "ministering others arewhile of the race descent and same as ones,"before they born chosen were sent forth to minister for them who men, whether in body or in spirit, into this world and ministering as shall be heirs of salvation."(Heb. and do not need wings for locomorequired under the direction of the

1:14.) Some of these angels are tion, nor do they appear in birdlike Holy Ones on high. They have

described as "the spirits of just men form. They are of the family of "belonged to this earth"in their

made perfect"and are "not resurDeity in different degrees of protime and station and are numbered rected,"and others were made mingression and are "in the image and and recognized....

into entering spiritsistering before likeness"of the High. Most

feltheir servingmortality, among fallen angels, There are too, who Investigation of sacred writings is conducted commendable, and when state. their preexistent inlows for transgression, as cast were down obtaining correct of for the purpose spirit beministering aChrist was chief (verse mentioned 6), by Jude encouraged. information should be this world. birth into hisfore He is this Lucifer earth on among whom spirit inin of pursued a When fellows."his above "anointedwas Satan, or has sought on many who to credulity contention or provoke ministering Gabriel a angel wasThe to as "angel occasions appear an inspiration cast of the or doubt on mortal a afterspirit been he had light"astray, lead to deceive of and

it is not ancient or prophets, modern his resurbefore and (Noah),man the of tempted and Son who God injurious. profitable Diligence but of forrection, Nazareth was Jesus in efforts failed his did as but he

disin text text to with comparing slept."firstfruits that of them"the the with with Prophet and Moses real intent the cover meaning and 9: 8:16; 1:1130; Dan. Luke(See 4:1-13; Smith. (See Luke Joseph

is desirable, respective of the writers21.) 1:1222; 128:20.) D. C. Moses & efforts inferto rather than draw messengers, are God's Angels

the bare which wording, ences from as uncapacity in that usedwhether leisure those have Of who translation, and often, but being a does spirits, selected accordingembodied their to minds improve and means hastily the conclusions not warrant refor capacities theto their work useful, there themselves very make "... killeth, letter the reached. but spirits, orquired, or as disembodied are not but squander few do who life."(II the spirit giveth Cor. 3:6.) resurrected or translated as men,as their time means. and

beings. They are agents of Deity—Brigham Young—Charles W. Penrose.

226 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Why Standard helps young scientists through school

The student's lamp that lights help develop the welltrained men and women

America's future never needed who can best insure continued progress for to burn more brightly than today. the West and the whole United States.

During this school year, we have extended our graduate fellowship program from 19 to 25 scholarships and have increased the grants from $1,000 to $1,250, plus tuition where it is needed. These scholarships are awarded by

14 universities to promising young scientists and engineers. We, hope some of them may

later work with Standard of California, but there is no obligation either in their choice of studies or career.

This is the eleventh year of these Scholarship Awards. It is our sincere hope they will

Standard Oil Company of California

APRIL 1949 227 /i calDoctorsand mentalagree thatdevelopmentfor physiThe last I heard of this family, the first year is the most imHow to Make the the coop was working out very life. year in portant a child's

that spewell. Each member had been helpextra This means cial care must be taken to Family Work ed to attain a higher place in the

insure proper development world. The family was more united

throughout this allimport- D (Lugene \Jl66en than it had ever been, and the year. ant

This is why we take such father felt secure for his old age.

scrupulous care in the He had taught his family how to I told wish that someone had Special duction of Morning together. tell. I work what about to Milk, the evaporated proHowme I am milk

that so many doctors recomhave lost valuable years by not Another family decided to organfor baby's formula. mend child. for each ize and build a home plan! having a plan, a family carefully control each We children unmarried use could merest I learned The step, chance production By the the from

farm to your grocer; and we of a family in the Bear Lake counthe rent on the extra home to send

extra vitamins add It to college. A and or them on a mission D try formed a family coop who in just the right to amount finish took the first years to seven died. insure the mother when help proper The father bone and

if tooth development. called his children, married and unco-op home. They soon saw that

your Be glad when doctor the to couples have a young were said, married, together and "Your prescribes Special Morning the children goodsized while house able been to get I have for Milk mother and first baby's your along fairly well until now. We were young, they would have to construct basement houses. These

cost only about onefourth of what it takes to build on top. They have

a bath and plenty of room for a growing family.

By using cinder blocks the cost of these houses was cut to a minimum and figured less than average

Here's your rent. This family completed four

homes, and only two were needed CHECK CHART for flHl 'MVffiNS byrentedthe family.to provideThemoneyother twofor weremissions and schooling. One of the

places was used as an insurance policy in case of death to the breadwinner. It was a paidup policy, vvfrw but some of the family insisted on

making a premium payment each month to add to the family coop fund.

For years we have heard the story about the father who called his sons together and handed them a bundle of sticks. "Break this

bundle,"he said.

have fed and clothed and schooled Each boy tried to break the you. But from now on I will need bundle, but it was not possible.

-GiodTjavor your help. Let us organize the Then the father untied the sticks.

family and help each other."Each son could easily break the

Yes on every count when you They perfected an organization single sticks. The moral was plain

bake the Clabber Girl way with and put in the family coop fund a to the boys.

failed many times Clabber Girl, the baking powder certain amount of money each We may have with balanced double action... month. The first project was to because we didn't know how to tie

Ask Mother, She Knows. send the eldest son to college. He the bundle together. What we need

was married and teaching school, most is someone to show us a way but if he went for a short time longto tie our bundle. What fits one

CLABBER GIRL er,Thehehighercould wagesteach hein highthen school.earned battlefamily ismayhalfnotwonfit ifanother.we makeThea

"Baking *fWlei would be used to send the younger plan. If the first plan does not sucson on a mission. ceed, try, try again.

228 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Josephine B. Nichols

"D ecipes which will help you celebrate

Easter.

Qrapefruit'Rhubarb'Cocktail... and naturally, when he came home from a long trip,

Combine two cups rhubarb juice with Mrs. T.S. was very happy until she unpacked his bag.

one and onehalf cups canned grapefruit, add a dash of salt, and chill. The clean white shirts he took away always came back with

a "mourning band"of railroad dust ground into the collars and cuffs.

Rhubarb Juice And the job of getting those shirts white again was not only

Wash, trim, and cut into oneinch pieces a test of wifely devotion it was very hard on the shirts.

one pound rhubarb, cook in one and onehalf cups water, until soft. Press through The happy ending to this story came the first time Mrs. T.S. tried

sieve. Add onehalf cup sugar, heat unFels-Naptha Soap Chips. To use her own words, "I never had

is dissolved. til sugar

any white shirts come out any whiter and no rubbing!"

TunaEgg-Mushroom Pie

Line a shallow pyrex dish with piecrust P.S.—Golden FelsNaptha Soap gives you

and brown in oven. Let cool. THE EXTRA WASHING HELP of TWO CLEANERSMILD, GOLDEN SOAP and ACTIVE NAPTHA...

Pie Filling This better laundry soap turns out 1 7-oz. can tuna cleaner, whiter washes in less time,

2 hard cooked eggs (cubed) with less hard, tiring work.

1 soup can mushroom J/> cup water Look for the FelsNaptha Bar or

J-4 cup minced green pepper FelsNaptha Soap Chips next

J4 cup minced pimento time you're out shopping.

1 tablespoon grated onion

Heat soup, milk, and water in double boiler, stirring until smooth. Add remaining

ingredients. Place mixture in pie shell; heat

in moderate oven {350 C F) twenty minutes.

Garnish and serve.

Frosted Buns

J4 cup shortening 34 cup sugar 1 teaspoon salt 1 egg MADE IN PHILA.

1 cup milk BY FEIS & CO.

1 egg 1 cup milk % cup water 1 cake fresh yeast 6 to 6]/2 cups flour 1 teaspoon cinnamon Yl teaspoon nutmeg

Sift flour; measure; sift again with spices.

Heat milk; add water; cool to lukewarm.

Add crumbled yeast; stir until dissolved.

Add melted shortening, sugar, salt, and beaten egg. Mix well. Add all flour at

one time. Mix until dough leaves sides

of bowl. Turn out on lightly floured board.

Knead gently until smooth. Place dough

in large greased bowl; cover with damp

cloth. GOLDEN BAR OR GOLDEN CHIPS

Let rise in warm place about two hours, or until double in bulk. Punch down to

original size; remove from bowl onto

board; let remain fifteen minutes. Shape into small balls. Place two inches apart FelsNaptha Soap

(Concluded on page 230) BANISHES "TATTLETALE GRAY"

APRIL 1949 229 TONIGHT AT 6:30 Cook's{ConcludedCorner from page 229)

plan to have Tuna en Casserole on greased cooky sheet or place in greased made with this improved muffin pans. Cover with damp cloth; let

rise at room temperature about fortyfive minutes, or until double in bulk. Bake in

hot oven (425 F.) twelve or fifteen minutes. While they are warm spread generously with powdered sugar frosting.

Serve hot.

With "the tuna that almost Desserts for the "SmallFry"serves itself"... it's one of the Easter Bunnies and Eggs in a Nest

easiest, quickest of hot entrees. Jaunty marshmallow bunnies are fasten-

A satisfying main dish that ed on vanilla wafers with dabs of seveneverybody will like, including minute frosting. Bunnies are made by usDad. ("Bitesize"tuna is someing halved marshmallows for the legs,

thing a man can "get his teeth whole ones for bodies and heads, pink candy almonds for ears, cloves for eyes.

The bodies of the bunnies may be made secure with frosting.

Blue, pink, and green candy almonds are the eggs in a nest of shredded coconut atop frosted cup cakes. Place cup cakes

on lace paper doilies.

Salt Lake Theatre to Produce Play

Calt Lake Theatre, Inc., working

in cooperation with the Mutual Improvement Associations closes its ninth season by presenting The Winslow

Boy during conference, on Monday,

Tuesday, and Wednesday, April 4, 5, 6, at the Lyric Theatre in Salt Lake

City. It will be directed by Rowena J.

Trademark of Van Camp Sea Food Co. Inc., Terminal Island, Calif. Miller and stagemanaged by Bea

Thomas, and Mavis Hickman will be assistant director. Taylorsville, North

Seventeenth, Marlborough, North

Twentieth, University, First, Poplar

Grove, Edgehill, and North Eighteenth are all represented in the allstar cast.

Salt Lake Theatre was organized to create an opportunity for Latterday

Saint young people to develop and display their dramatic talents. During

its nine years, the organization has given such opportunity to several members of the Church. Some have commuted each day from as far away as

Ogden and Kaysville to rehearse.

Salt Lake Theatre members have gone to ward and stake meetings foe demonstrations on makeup, lectures on costuming, lighting, sound, scenic design, and myriad other production details necessary to good theatre.

Among other activities, the Salt Lake

Theatre was in complete charge of all backstage work of the Centennial pageant, The Message of the Ages, and directed a great number of the individual sequences. This organization also handled all the makeup for

the Aaronic Priesthood pageant, Prepare Ye the Way, constructed the wagons used in the tableau in the university stadium in July 1946, and in addition produced the tableaus.

At least a dozen members of Salt

Lake Theatre are actively engaged in directing and producing plays in their own wards and stakes, in addition to their own activities.

230 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Your Day Is Now

{Concluded from page 204) may learn to think more effectively and that we may learn to prepare ourselves for the work of living.

These two processes come together and depend on one another. One

day when we have sensed more keenly the security which comes from developed minds, we may more fully understand that ignorance is sin, that knowledge is a virtue, and that intelligence is a reality—the

glory of God.

Most of you are thinking of the time when you will take a major role in homes of your own—the

men as fathers and breadwinners, the young women more commonly as mothers and counselors. No longer does any young Latterday Saint

man have the right to stumble into a vocation or occupation. No longer in America should vocation be a

problem of mere accident. In an

increasingly complex civilization, the young man or woman who does not plan his education carefully is lining himself up to play on the losthinks side.ing of you As each

his schooling, know When your baby at youabout you may are thinking schoolsthat various vitamin units D, of pure smiles often and a baby \17hen—the your needs. Most ofabout you and vitamin. sunshine of the easily, new form out he laughs when

our high schools, vocational schools, loud from sheer joy, it means that "When you mix a pint of doublerich and colleges of today have accepted he is wellfed... for only a wellfed Sego Milk with a pint of water, you

the challenge that people come first baby is a happy baby. And when have a quart of rich whole milk

and that subject matter is useful babies are fed on -Sego Milk they which provides—in pure form—the

only as it relates to the human famare as a rule sturdy, welldeveloped, amount of vitamin D per quart of ily. happy babies. milk that medical authorities agree

babies need for the best of growth

In schools that are doing their Sego Milk is a favored form of and development.

work well, the student may find opmilk for babies because of the sure portunity for selfanalysis and for freedom from harmful germs; the Sego Milk is the first brand of

aid from counseling and objective uniform, unvarying richness in all evaporated milk to be fortified with testing services. Occupations and the food substances of whole milk; pure vitamin D;l Ask your doctor

vocations of the community, the the ready digestibility that frees about it.

almost babies completely from are carefully nation thestate, and all that seal certifies This digestive disturbances. have statements made here each man and youngreviewed; and

woman has the right to expect that There is also another important Council onbeenFoodsacceptedand asNutritiontrue by theof he shall not have to choose in the point of quality. Sego Milk supplies the American Medical Association.

in organized an but movedark the vitamin may have must that a baby D seal certifies that the 5l This his life's careful in teeth, order to of develop sound a workway to Wisconsin Alumni Research choosing. straight bones, and to have the best Foundation makes periodic

In short, there are things which of growth. testsluted towithdeterminean equalthatamountSego ofMilkwaterdireally matter to you, the young peoEach pint of Sego always gives you 400 units of vitamin

ple of the Church. They are not Milk contains 400 D per quart.

mere trifles, but the stuff out of which life is made. They involve

your bodies, your minds, your schools, your vocations, your girl friends, your families, your neighTo get your copy of the 64page baby book and Mary borhoods, your country, and your Lee Taylor's newest recipe book, write Dept. E-8.

Church. SEGO MILK PRODUCTS CO.—Salt Lake City, Utah

(Dr. Lloyd's second article is scheduled

to appear in a succeeding issue.) SEGO MILK The -Standard of Highest Quality for More Than Forty Years

APRIL 1949 231 STARKIST TUNA ROYALE The Church Moves On (Continued from page 197) mail the serviceman copies of the Book of Mormon and Principles of the Gospel, the books that L.D.S. service personnel had during World War II. He

will also be sent a directory of mission and stake meeting places near existing military camps.

Wards are expected to keep in touch with servicemen through letters and

Church publications.

The letter announcing this new servicemen's program concludes:

Attractive, easyto -make dish If we keep in touch with these boys, we has new slant—costs $1*05! maytemptationsgo far towardof the worldprotectingand helpingthem againstthem

Make it in 30 minutes! A simple recipe to keep up their Church interest and acwith a proud look. Use StarKist Tuna for tivity.

milder, finer flavor... it's the besttasting

tuna in all the world. MISSIONARIESJANUARY 24, ANDENTERINGDEPARTINGTHE MISSIONARYFEBRUARY 2,HOME1949

picture, 233) (Top page STARKIST TUNA ROYALE BUY SOLID PACK OR first left Marian row: from Reading Blend with cup milk 2 cups prepared biscuit V2 mix

J. Mcrvin Farmer, Lange, Soderquist, Helen to Wandaright, STYLE GRATED (dough should be soft, but not sticky; dry if too add CHUNK Colton, B. director; E. Hepworth, David Owens, Don

L, Sessions,. Brossard, Barney Louis Gerald Rudy, R... milk). Pat more out in STARKIST each 8"pans; halfofdough oftwo QUALITY

Jack Worthen. W. butter. brush with Bake in 450F. minutes. 1520 oven L. Bitters, row: Helen IS Moyes, Second Letha Mary THE SAME!

I. Petersen, Holmes, Pauline Varaia, H. Monette FILLING Gloria Jackson, Mildred G. Wehrwein, Thelma M.

1 7-oz. can Fancy Va Solid cup Pack or canned cooked Brinkerhoff, Nelson. Betty (or Style New peas FREE Miriel Third Bingrow: Geraldine Dredge, Talbot RECIPE TUNA BOOK.,. Grated} Tuna Richins, Johnson, Cleo ham, Jennie RobinLaVona '* CU sliced. ripe olives.. - P Makes Planning Easy Menu cans 2 condensed L. son, Parter, mushroom J. Richard Smith, GilPaul H. Byron Chunk...

soup tablespoons 2 bert, Doris pimiento Mortensen. Economical, kitchentested tuna

Fourth Irving, row: Crane, Dayton C. Kenneth Heat above ingredients slowly, stirring recipes. frequently. Pile 24page booklet! Write Harris, Seeley, G. D. Cleston Anderson, W. Dwayne

piping hot filling between layers and on top of shortStar-KistTuna, Terminal Island, Beverly Johnson, Ernest Kearl, Jr., Gordon J. Merrill,

cake. Serves 6. California, Department 4-E. EdgarFifthK. row:Meier,LaMarMorris Smith,R. Graves.Boyd Storey, J, Keith

Woodfleld, Donald Neville, A. June Black, Mary F.

Lawrence, Norma Skeem, Lena Perry.

Sixth row: Maurice W. Jackson, Virginia Davis,

Betty Jo Lunt, Lamont Schenk, Doyle W. Elison,

Harold L. Lloyd, Deaun Christensen, Jennie Gough,

Keith Carter, Marshall Fox.

Seventh row: Calvin C. Dredge, Leon R. Hartshorn,

Wayne Timothy, Ferrell Madsen, Gladys Moore,

Robert Kearl, John LaMar Skeen. Dee Lewder, Bruce

Mendenhall, Stanley C. Sheppard.

Eighth row: Lukan Sorensen, Harold L. Zltting,

Dwight S. Williams, Ira B. Call, Frank Stoddard,

Raymond W. Homer, William H. Payne, Gene L.

Holland, George L. Mitton, Howard Bartow.

Ninth row: Don M, Christensen, Evan G. Crowther,

Max S. Hanks, Reed Olsen Griffiths, Vol Ray Feller,

Grant Blaine Dockstader, Robert C. Ashdown, Dal*

P. Gallentine.

Tenth row: Lawrence E. Welling, Teddy Grant

Davis, David L. Kieslg, Joseph A. Manzione, Jr.,

Harry Hollingshaus, Wade G. Dewey, George Neil

McRae, Thomas Alfred Judd, Hobert L. Stay, Douglas

S. Mann, Stanley Udell Smith.

Eleventh row: Lloyd Goodman, Nephi J. Anderson,

Kenneth I. Perry, Carlton T. Sumslon, Wayne T.

Blomquist, Keith Dort Bybee, Perron Moon, Norman

Ellertson.

Twelfth row: Ruel E. Anderson, Warren Child,

David A. Taylor, Richard E. Shaw, Don Russell, Lynn

A. Swensen, Dennis Ode// Fife, Ken Hamblin.

Thirteenth row: Max Jones, Sidney C. Yeates,

Jack R. Egan, Delay Zillis, Claude Heater, Eldon

Chandler, Leon E. Orme, Walter Jack Hill, Charles

D. Atkinson.

Enriched with Vitamins and Iron Fourteenth row: Ray E. Hancock, Vernon E. Morris,MonteElvinF. Drake,Hales, JohnBoothR. A.Newbold,Crabtree,GordonKendallD. Bodily,Smith.

Fifteenth row: Melvln Carl Hunter, Vernal Orland

Peterson, Edgar LaVar Meacham, Larry Duane

Brimhall, Chester H. Lamoreaux, David S. Lindsay,

Raymond A. Smith.

Sixteenth row: Leslie J. Booth, Cecil Dale Jolley,

Ivon R. Wall, Leness Keller, Robert Wilcox, Bill

Jacobson, D. Petersen. Marley wmo

row: Seventeenth Larry F. Jensen, Boyd V. Muder, t I o f R O Y A I 1AK I NO CO and O fl d Harlo T. Keith F. Walz, Carlson, Herbert Hawkes,

Earl Girgor, Alma M. Wilson.

Balcony: LeRoy McGee, Fred H. Hebdon.

SEE THE BLIND MAN FOR EASY TERMS HOTEL LANKERSHIM

FREE ESTIMATES 7th S BROADWAY REQUEST

RATES MODERATE in Los [CftMMftNS L. D. Headauarters Angelas By Elaine V. Emans

Operator R. WISHON. FRANKS.

RAY H. BECKETT. Manager

"jlflAY there always be a hill

BLIND VENETIAN CO. LOS ANGELES & SHADE 1V1 toward t be climbing Pqj. me

ST. "T*0 PERSQNS ONE CHARGE"PBONE 6-1827 2420 SOUTH STATE

it I reach Its summit. Whether

Is less important, Lord.

232 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA THE CHURCH MOVES ON

MISSIONARIES ENTERING THE MISSIONARY HOME Sixth row: Carl Lawson, Norris R. Kunz, Bryce Twelfth row: Kenneth Hoskisson, Vernon MelandJANUARY 10, AND DEPARTING JANUARY 19, 1949 Sorensen,Ricks, HeroldMelvinL. Gregory,Blamires,DexterWilliamS. Harton,Kropfli, WayneAriel er,ThirteenthDavid C. Janson.row: John A. Trimble, LeGrand Hol-

L. B. Carlisle. Ellingson, Holley, Keller, L. Stoker, Elmer brook, Frank David S. McEntire, Reed Wayne first left right, from to row: Below, reading David

Ernest row: Darvel Seventh S. Wells, Croxford, M. Jackson, Robbins, Jay Jo Weston Elwood Simister, Blaine (kneeling), H.H. Le Chiminant My-

E. D. Russell Jackson, Nelson, Yalton Morgan, A. Gwilliam, Ronald Gerald G. C. Rich. BoydL. Knight, W. Tiffany, Miller, Rosilind A. Frazier, Ruthron Joan

Bagley, R. Garrett, Richard Joel row: Jack R. Fourteenth C. Johnson, Jack H. Goaslind, Fritzsche, B. Colton, director;Gertrude Nolan Palfreyman, Don

R. Andresen, Bruce Donald A. Kramer, Marlow Heber Hyrum Waite Plumb, Call, Terry,Lynn Packard, Mary Alice Floyd Lamonde

row: L. Eighth Joseph Cecil Anderson, David Shumway, Rawson Homer Darwin Seamons, S.Rowberry,Bowman. Van Lundell.Joyce

E. Harris, Price, Bernard Hall, Dexter Allan. John Garth D. Whitaker, M. Max lea Mockli, Elna Second King, row: Audrey

S. R. L. Lawrence, Fifteenth Barrow, Porter, Holland, row: Vance Ripplinger, Glen M. Wayne Dan B.Leavitt, Laura John Hawkes, Hawkes, James M.

E. K. Westover, Gilbert Greene, R. Stringfellow, Buehner, Burton Reed Richard Alden W. M. W. Shields, SadieH. Wiltbank, Wiltbank, Wallace

Packer. Heaton. Stevens.David

row: Roberts, Sixteenth T. row: Ninth Eldon Charles Reed Howard GorStanley K. LeRoy Guntry, Third Shirley Garrett, row: Lois Crum, Helen ringe, Coltrin, E. Horace Sandberg, Bramwell, Pierson, Rex Chesley Carvel Whitehead, Don Bryce Dean BirdiceLove, Hessie Bunderson, Ethel HorsCrouch,

E. Blaine Burton, Cannon, L. Obray, Warner, Richard Jack Donald D. Law, Robert G. Harker, Donpool, Jerry K. Lawrence, Hamilton, Genevieve Don Briggs, Campbell, R.May, Boyd Sterling Provost. R. Neuenswander, LaVor KeithMcBride, C. Sanders. August B. Hanson. T. row: Harris, Seventeenth C. Lee James HamKelsey, Fourth Christensen, row: Lenore Verona ilton, E. J. Larsen, row: Tenth Alton Black, Jesse Pettingill, V. Stanley R. Gordon Don Rulon LeBaron,

Seaton,John Barbara Peel, William Swensen, Ruth S. Udall, S. Blair, Briggs, N. Floyd Wright, William O'Neil. A. Duane Gordon

Y. Farnsworth, Beyer, TalRalph Stewart Cleone W. Jr., J. R. Woolley, Stanley B. Eighteenth L. Whitaker, row: Porter. Kearl, E. Edward Thomas LeRoy

bot, Parley T. Anderson. Carter, Lloyd Simpson, Gilbert row: Bunker, R. Nineteenth P. Douglas Richard Anderson, Guy W.

Fifth Gifford, row: Jenson, LaVon Lamona W. Jorgensen. E. Bowlby, Willardson, Raymond Herschel Pederson. Ken N.

Barker, Barsby,Avis Robert H. Ross K. Clements, row: Eleventh E. C. Clair Twentieth Arthur row: Richins, BurClaude Anderson, R. John Clawson,

J. Gibson, C. Sparks, George O.Mark HickenRalph ns, Dale Hanks, A. John Burger, Andersen, Crisp, Dan Richard Chris- G. Paul Woolston, R. Wayne John

E.looper, Cecil Bown, G. Stone, Stoll, Conrad Frank Old- J. tiansen, Guenter R. Vernon Russell Gilbert Tobler, Waltman, G. SchaerSorensen, Harold A.

royd. rer, Hollie. Spencer Hutchins, Keith F. K. Theo Verl McMillan.

APRIL 1949 233 EMPLOYMENT PROGRAM FLOW CHART OF OCCUPATIONAL RESOURCES

Employer Present Employer Unused jobs in Local Industry needs Newspaper ads Church Building

Members of each member own search or agricultural Job & Business Program opportunities Opportunities

Six sources ofj occupational information available to each priesthood & Relief Society Organisation

if

High Priests Seventies Elders Adult Members Priests Teachers Relief Society

Representedbjr member of bishopric Representing Women

Sends unused jobs, 'to ward employment placement counselor

Placement counselor to relay Notet This employment program WARD WELFARE COMMITTEE j/yobss >j to priesthood and Relief functions through present officers, (Placement Counselors) Society units established organization and schedule of meetings. Jobs not used in ward pool sent

r 'to stake employment placement counselor

STAKE WELFARE COMMITTEE

(Placement Counselors) ir I Staketo relayemploymentjobs to placementand from wardscounselor I 1 Other Ward Other Ward Other Ward Other Ward Other Ward Other Ward Other Ward

Important* Make sure every reasonable effort is made to effect placement by the local ward groups, pass on to noone any direct service can you perform in helpfulness to your brother. "And again I you, say unto let every man esteem

his brother D. as himself."C. 38i25. &

PRIESTHOOD EMPLOYMENT PLACEMENT ACTIVITIES

/"\n the Melchizedek Priesthood pages the individual and his willingness to ranks, but should include all quorum of the March 1949 Improvement contribute information through the members insofar as they may be emEra was published an article entitled, channels of the priesthood, with the ployers in any capacity.

"Priesthood Quorum Aid in Economic assistance of the ward welfare comOur housewives have some work in

Welfare."This outlined in a general mittee, to pool occupational informahousecleaning and spring renovation

way the need for priesthood employtion from which he can be aided by work. The family automobile needs

ment placement activities. information contributed by others. some maintenance care and repair servFollowing is an article to explain At the top of the "flow chart"are ice. Coal may need to be delivered

the various sources of employment inshown six blocks listing sources of to our homes, the garden lot be plowformation available to quorums and occupational information available to ed, shrubs planted or pruned. These

the use to be made of the information each priesthood quorum and other are all instances wherein we are in compiled. Two charts have been reorganizations. These same sources, in the role of an employer for at least

produced on these pages. The one greater detail are listed on the second a limited period of time. Our reportis entitled "Priesthood Program of chart. In addition, the second chart ing of these needs for workers through

Occupational Placement,"and the shows one block entitled, "Other Local the priesthood quorums assists greatly other "Employment Program Flow Occupational Information Resources."in supplying parttime jobs for our

Chart of Occupational Resources."This permits the list of resources to elderly and our physically handicapped

Examination will show that the first be extended as local conditions may people whose abilities prohibit their chart shows in some detail how this warrant. For purposes of simplifitaking fulltime or steady jobs. Such

program operates within a quorum. cation the following additional injobs assist those who are struggling

The second chart shows the interrela- formation is listed in accordance with to meet rising living costs with inadetion of all ward and stake organizathe blocks shown at the top of the quate earnings and those who may tions in the overall program and how "flow chart": need additional income to support a

the combined pooling of information Employer Members: This term missionary in the field.

is subsequently made available to each should be interpreted in a broad sense Present Employer of Each Member:

unit cooperating in this enterprise. to include not only the industrialist Each employer is anxious to receive

This program is designed to use who might be within our priesthood detailed information concerning pros234

NOUQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN Conducted by Dr. Joseph F. Merrill

CONDUCTED BY THE GENERAL PRIESTHOOD 60MMITTEE OF THE COUNCIL OF THE

TWELVE—HAROLD B. LEE. CHAIRMAN; EZRA TAFT BENSON, MARION G. ROMNEY,

THOMAS E. MC KAY. CLIFFORD E. YOUNG, ALMA SONNE, LEVI EDGAR YOUNG, Who Keeps the Word of Wisdom?

ANTOINE R. IVINS. RICHARD L. EVANS, OSCAR A. KIRKHAM, S. DILWORTH

YOUNG, MILTON R. HUNTER, BRUCE R. MC CONKIE An answer to this question, generally considered fairly satisfactory,

is the person who abstains from the pective employees. Present employees Local Industry Needs or Agriculconsumption of narcotics, tea, coffee,

are in an excellent position to make tural Opportunities: Specific assignalcoholic beverages, and tobacco. And

recommendations and to furnish such ments may be made for members to yet the Word of Wisdom—Section 89

concerninginformation those local contact industries to whom learn Doctrine of in the and Covenants—conThis affords ideal theirthey recommend. specific an needs. All employment tains about twice as many words relaopportunity to each quorum member information gained should be turned tive to foods as to narcotics. The

employed to render a valuable service over to the quorum where the memreader may count them for himself.

to employers quorum and members bers have access to such informamay in recent been have years we Nowalike. using Employers tion. have been usually are Employers special attention happy giving to promoting

this pattern of finding new workers and willing to cooperate in such an abstinence from the use of liquor and through their own employees for years enterprise. The regional employment tobacco, but with no thought of distoand are anxious have individuals office likewise might be contacted. Such the counting in whatsoever, any way

in this manner.recommended offices are usually willing to list in the teachings of other the importance

PriestUnused Jobs in Own Search: skills needed by those whom use The growing of Wisdom. they Word lookinghood about for members emserve. Occupational information should especially of liquor and tobacco,

ployment acquainted with become the greater moral in to and positions not women, jobs or be limited among they, jobs themselves, whichmany spiritual their deterioration conand industry. agricultural Business and fill.cannot presipriesthood Wise

entails, for the created sumption need opportunities also should be conwill for the providedents pooling of their intensified against campaign an sidered.this information in the for the quorum

in use. error a is badly person But who

allbenefit of members. [Concluded on page 238) that the or believes of assumes Word

Wisdom is fully, or even satisfactorily, observed by abstaining from the use of

PRIESTHOOD PROGRAM OF OCCUPATIONAL PLACEMENT tea,tobacco,coffee,andalcoholicgiving nobeverages,attentionandto

Foreword: The Melchizedek Priesthood and the Welfare Handbooks set forth foods.

plainly what should be done. This chart suggests how some priesthood groups have In recent years the Word of Wisproceeded to accomplish what is desired in this activity. dom is frequently referred to as "the

Lord's law of health."The first time

JOBS IN OWN SEARCH: EACH UNUSED OF PRESENT EMPLOYER Examples* MEMBERS* EMPLOYER on this writer ever heard this expression information Report all openCall for and MEMBER! car repair May pool

maintenance jobs, housework ings listed or contemjob3 found by those who was about thirty years ago in an M.I.

search of employare now are in you plated where painting, and repairs, they and can- A. meeting on fast Sunday. The which that have ment or any work, emworking, garden and farm

ployment in come to your notice. not use. speaker was a prominent nonMormon

doctor of Salt Lake City. He called

it the Lord's law of health, saying inRESOURCES FOR OCCUPATIONAL INFORMATION sofar as he knew, it was the best brief business.

I statement in the English language relaCHURCH BUILDING PROGRAM! VPRIESTHOOD QUORUM OR GROUPi OTHER LOCAL OCCUPATIONAL tive to facts pertaining to food upon

Pay Jobs which cannot be Melchizedek Priesthood INFORMATION RESOURCES: which health depends. Since that time

Comm. Chm. Welfare filled by local contriPersonal

Which you may add locally experts in the field of nutrition generRep. of Adult Members bution labor*

Member of Bishopric for ally agree that food has more to do

Priests and Teachers. with health than any other factor

affecting health. And in order that

ESOURCES FOR OCCUPATIONAL INFORMATION food may do its most for health, it must be a balanced diet, made up of LOCAL INDUSTRY NEEDS CR AGRINEWSPAPERADV. FOR JOBS, five essential food substances which

CULTURAL OPPORTUNITIES: BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES AND they fats, carbohyname—proteins, Compile LISTINGS: to a FARM made can be Assignments addrates, minerals, and vitamins. (There in vertisements daily papers contact to qualified person

and magazines. Few people industries for employlocal are several varieties of each of these

afford to subscribe can for use opportunities. ment May member now employed there. all papers. This list can substances.) A balanced diet consupplied the quorum areas you be agricultural In tains these substances in the right prothrough largely assignment for would list the farms

sale or lease; also list the of a few members. portions.

needs for workers on farms. In these days probably the majority

of homes in America have heard of

COMMITTEE WARD WELFARE PLACEMENT COUNSELORS the need of a balanced diet and in a EMPLOYMENT it consists. general way, of what HowtT HiElders CT'TPr. Adult Mem. Teachers T i 1H.Pr. Seventies ever, there multitudes are of people

STAKE WELFARE COMMITTEE who do not get a balanced diet, even

EMPLOYMENT PLACEMENT COUNSELOR.

(Continued on page 238) APRIL 1949 235 WARD YOUTH LEADERSHIP OUTLINE OF STUDY MAY 1949

Teach the Truth Tt is recommended that the lesson for NORTH DAVIS STAKE AARONIC PRIESTHOOD AND BOY SCOUTS FETED AT BARBECUE

May be a review of the lessons for More than five hundred AaronFebruary, March, and April, appearing, ic Priesthood members and Boy respectively, in The Improvement becueScouts, atwerethe honoredNorth Davisat aJuniorbarEra for January, February, and March HighIn chargeSchool ofrecently.the banquet were

1949. Review questions for each lesmembers of the North Davis

son are listed below. The class leadStakemittee AaronicconsistingPriesthoodof Jessecom-D.

ers should review carefully the lessons Barlow,Corbridge,KeithandS. Smith,Henry CalvinD. Call.D.

so that questions may be answered on Artell Chandler, assisted by wives the basis of the material provided ofmembers,Aaronic preparedPriesthoodthecommitteedinner.

therein. Speakersards, presidingincluded bishopLeGrandof Richthe

Church, and Lee Kay, educationand department. Colgame

filmsReview Questions—February 1949 alfishoreddirector of the Utah state of bird life and scenic views of Utah were shown.

1. What is the principal obligation the program.Boy Scouts from the Wasatch and North Davis districts lighted their torches of liberty as a part of

assumed by those who accept the responsibility of teaching in the Church?

2. What two classes of teachers are

inclined to preach or teach false doctrine disguised as truth? Ward Teaching culate among the members of the

Church with the intention of reaching 3. Discuss the influence and power every member residing in an assigned

of truth upon the minds of men. How to Perfect the Body district. They should diligently pur-

4. What are the dividends that come \T7ard teaching is as vital to the sue this work, keeping in mind the obfrom teaching youth? strengthening of the body of the jective of overcoming inactivity which

Church as the circulatory system is to is the primary cause of spiritual death

Review Questions—March 1949 the human body. The perfectly organamong members of the Church.

ized circulatory system works unceasThe body of the Church, like the 5. Discuss the Lord's definition of ingly to penetrate and reach every human body, fails to function properly

truth. (See D. & C. 84:4445.) organ and member of the human body. unless each member is spiritually alive

6. What is the word of the Lord? Through this medium all parts of the and contributing to the Church by par-

(SeeD. &C. 68:4.) body may be nourished, purified, and ticipating in some form of activity. If

7. Discuss the two sources of truth strengthened. Perfect functioning of even one member dies spiritually, the

as outlined. the body then, is dependent upon effiChurch is weakened, and, like the hucient circulation which reaches every man body, there is danger of that inReview Questions—April 1949 member or organ of the body. fluence being extended to others. This

Ward teaching parallels in function is particularly true in the case of par- 8. Discuss the Lord's further definithe circulatory system of the human ents who may, because of indifference,

tion of truth (D. & C. 93:24) and body. The divine injunction, "to watch transmit the same attitude to their chilshow its relationship to question seven over the church always, and be with dren. The ward teacher then should

above. and strengthen them,"is given directly be untiring in his efforts to "see that

9. What is the relationship between to teachers. (D. & C. 20:53.) In order all members do their duty,"and thus

fact and truth? to do this, ward teachers should cirmake of the Church a perfect body.

FAIRVIEW WARD

(FRANKLIN STAKE) AARONIC PRIESTHOOD CHORUS

This Aaronic Priesthood Chorus in the Fairview Ward, Franklin (Idaho) Stake, has been organized nearly two years and is growing all the time. The secret

of their success, in addition to efficient leadership, is that the boys have enjoyed a public performance at least once each month since the chorus was organized.

Public performances of the group include singing in the Logan Temple, quarterly conference, stake and ward officers and teachers meetings, centennial program, ward conferences, sacrament meetings, Scout court of honor, Christmas program, and numerous auxiliary meetings.

Matilda B. Gilbert directs the chorus with Cherill Hyde and Marcia Whittle as organists. Enlistment officers are Ruth Rowlings, Lydia Cottle, and James

Cottle, charged with enrolment, attendance, and morale. It sounds like a good organization idea for others,—good because it works.

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Cdlted bu cU.ee M. j-alt,merJrahopBtft

Aaronic PriesthoodLD.S. Girls The theme: Appreciation for the

Aaronic Priesthood priesthood.

Attendance at Quarterly. Restoration Program membersPreliminaryof themusic:AaronicBy Priesthood.member or

Conference Sessions HPhe one hundred twentieth anniverStringed, organ, or piano music. sary of the restoration of the 1. Opening song—"Joseph Smith's

HPhe Presiding Bishopric request all Aaronic Priesthood falls on Sunday, First Prayer"—Verse arrangestake presidents and ward bishopMay 15. It is not often that the actual ment from Aaronic Priesthood

rics, as well as all stake and ward anniversary date comes on the SabChoruses, p. 113. committees for Aaronic Priesthood bath day. 2. Invocation—A deacon

members and Latterday Saint girls to As in the past, it is suggested that 3. Sacrament song encourage these young people of the we precede the actual celebrating of 4. Special musical number—Duet,

Church to attend stake quarterly conthis day with pilgrimages or hikes to "On Lovely Susquehanna's ferences. places of historical or special interest, Banks,"Aaronic Priesthood

or conduct athletic tournaments or Choruses, p. 36.

Provision should be made throughother attractions for young men, on 5. A brief story of the restoration of

in in each Church, stake and out the priest, the Aaronic Priesthood—A events Saturday, such Any May 14.

to refor people young ward, each five minutes. or stake should be planned on a ward

( credit ceive of looking to achievement 6. activity in the Aaronic How basis, stake, the convenient but where

the Standard Quorum, Standard Group, in agreement with bishoprics, may plan Priesthood helps me to live a and Individual Certificate of Awards) and conduct the outings. Where autobetter life—A deacon, five minfor their attendance at the quarterly mobiles travel in caravans, extreme utes.

conference sessions in the stake in care should be taken to avoid acci- 7. Why every teacher should apwhich they reside. Thus, each Aaronic dents. Those in charge are cautioned preciate the opportunity to do

Latterday Priesthood boy or Saint to overnight camping that conward avoid teaching—A teacher, five

the girl morning session who attends minutes. flicts the Sabbath. with

of a stake quarterly conference may It is suggested if camping is to be 8. Special musical number—Solo,

receive credit therefor in lieu of atincluded in the program, that it be "Priesthood of God"—Aaronic

tendance at Sunday School on that done on Friday night with all boys and Priesthood Choruses, p. 18.

day. Likewise, each Aaronic Priestleaders returning to their homes on 9. What I appreciate about the

hood boy or Latterday Saint girl who Saturday evening in readiness to parAaronic Priesthood which I bear attends the afternoon or evening sesticipate in the Sabbath day feature of—A priest, five minutes.

sion of a stake quarterly conference the celebration. 10. How my faith has been strengthmay receive credit therefor in lieu of The day should reach its climax in ened through working with memattendance at sacrament meeting on the sacrament meeting, where the bers of the Aaronic Priesthood

that day. Aaronic Priesthood members should General secretary, five minutes.

it to consider 11. a privilege in furnishing participate the program. Why I

all in young keep mind that Kindly Priestthe Aaronic over the president of the as The bishop are to the be of Church people bishop. in the should Priesthood ward inAaronic hood—Thepreside formed of this plan, that they may conduct the service. The ushering, 12. Special music—Aaronic Priestavail themselves of every opportunity praying, and singing should be done by hood Chorus: "I'll Go Where

to attend, where possible, all quartermembers of the Aaronic Priesthood. You Want Me to Go,"Aaronic

ly conferences of the stakes in which Aaronic Priesthood members should Priesthood Choruses, p. 60.

they reside. also officiate at the sacrament table. 13. Benediction—A teacher.

SHARON STAKE HOLDS CONFERENCE

for and their chapel members Pleasant recently in the View sponsored Ward Priesthood conference a of adult the Aaronic members Sharon Stake The bishoprics. council, The ward presidency, and high guests stake of Invited the attendance. included in members persons hundred were three wiyes. than More

includes which C. Romney Kimcommittee stake of executive the the together chairman, with Ashby, members engineered George by N. was conference successful

ball, Paul H. Taylor, and J. Morris Bird.

fillm

lfll: *.

'"f

**%& v

Priesthood Employment

(Concluded from page 235) Newspaper Ads, Jobs, and Business

Opportunities: Newspaper advertisements for jobs, business opportunities

and farm listings should also be a resource to the priesthood quorum. Few

individuals subscribe for all the newspapers and magazines wherein jobs and husiness opportunities are advertised. A pooling of information from

each of the advertising mediums will usually give a sizable list of employment opportunities.

Church Building Program: Priesthood quorums might find a resource

through wards which are building new chapels. Some wards are obliged to

hire tradesmen in addition to their members who are contributing of their time. Wards of the stake may find

from the priesthood membership of their wards these needed workers. A iku Hotel Utah careful followup of these opportuni-

*76iee 'Pofecdan, 'DuUnf TR<mhh& tiesopportunitiesshould provideon thesomeconstructionemploymentof these buildings. COFFEE SHOP Other Resources: We suggest that

you survey every local opportunity EMPIRE ROOM that will offer a resource of occupaSTARLITE GARDENS tionaljob informationinformationpool.to supplementIt is selfevi-the

dent that the larger the occupational pool the more complete will be the opportunity to help in the employment placement activity. Much can be done

to encourage the spirit of brotherhood within priesthood quorums through providing this means of helping brethren to become selfsustaining in the full meaning of the word.

NoLiquor-Tobacco Column [Continued from page 235) when and where food is plentiful.

This may be due to indifference or poverty. Too many people seem to

confuse good nutrition with high living. A nutritious diet may be a relatively inexpensive diet. Apparently it

is all too frequently forgotten, both by laymen and scientists, that bad nutrition follows either deficiencies or excesses.

It is only in recent years that a knowledge has been taught of the essential part played by vitamins in nutrition. Bad nutrition may exist

where food is plentiful due to excessive quantity of a single food or to a lack of minerals and vitamins, especially vitamins. Then soon or late, deficiency

diseases may result. Among these are

scurvy, beriberi, pellagra, and rickets.

Even though none of these diseases develop, this is no proof that the diet may not be sadly unbalanced, resulting in subnormal conditions of the (Concluded on page 240) 238 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ier. u wdi y

KNOWING THE MORMONS?

LOoes believing as tlieij believe mane any difference to one's happiness, contentment and life's purpose?

Reading such books as these affords rich exploratory experiences into the beliefs of the Latterday

Saints and in discovering the outcomes:

WHAT OF THE MORMONS? $1.50 A SKEPTIC DISCOVERS MORMONISM....$1.50

By Gordon B. Hinckley By Timberline Riggs

A very readable, interesting overview of the A case study—an investigator persuades himstory oi the Latterday Saints, their principles, self that it is good.

practices and achievements.

TRUTH AND THE MASTER'S TOUCH $2.00

JOSEPH SMITH AN AMERICAN PROPHET $3.25 By James J. Unopulos

By John Henry Evans Another case study—an inquisitive young

The Latterday Saints are better understood man converts himself.

when the career oi the Prophet Joseph Smith is known and adequately appraised.

WORLD RELIGIONS IN THE LIGHT OF

MORMONISM $2.00

SHARING THE GOSPEL WITH OTHERS..$2.50 By Thomas C. Romney

By President George Albert Smith The beliefs of the Latterday Saints appraised

The fundamental motivation of the Latterday in relation to the beliefs of others.

Saints is concretely illustrated by the precepts of this book.

PRELUDE TO THE KINGDOM $2.75

HOW THE DESERT WAS TAMED $1.25 By Gustive O. Larson

By John A. Widtsoe When people work out their convictions in

action both they and their principles are

The great historical achievement of the Lattertested. This book reports the outcomes of

day Saints as empire builders is here beautiseveral cooperative enterprises of the Latterfully explained and illustrated. day Saints.

All prices are subject to change without notice. When cash accompanies the order, we pay the postage.

See your local book dealer ior these books, or send your order to

DESERET BOOK COMPANY 44 East South Temple Street Salt Lake City 10, Utah "Every good book you read enriches you."

Please send me the following books:—- -

Herewith $.

NameAddress.

APRIL 1949 239

NOLIQUOR-TOBACCO COLUMN umwier (Concluded from page 238) is much propaganda in this field, as body, permitting other diseases to in other fields, inspired by profit and develop. Experts now teach that too other selfish motives.

(sugar), hydrates a lack and of is faddish otherwise? and answer The uciPier...L mineralsmuch protein (meat), too much carboBut how may the layman know what etc., calcium, as iron, iodine,

is: learn In nearly by asking. he may

are injurious to health. Poor teeth all the colleges and universities of the

are primarily due to malnutrition, say land there are departments of home nutrition. A complete Academic experts in dental

in economics the relation which

Quarter on the Provo and The purpose of the above writing foods and health is taught. Informaof

tion relative pertinent to books and literatureAlpine Campuses. isfacttothatcallto attentionobserve theto Wordthe importantof Wisother be obtained from may

dom, much more is required than these departments for the asking.

FIRST TERM: merely to abstain from the use of There are a considerable number of

narcotics. is This concerned document for written laymen, good books among 13 to health, luly 22 June outlines with the and condiare which Knowledge Newer The of

tions if that must maintained be health Nutrition Drs. Simby McCollum &

is to ensue. that the time revelaAt TERM: SECOND

( the edition layman's mons, from came tion given to the Prophet was Joseph than the press years twenty ago) more July 25 26 to August scientific Smith, the little world had Live, to Fisher by Drs. How &

actual of relation the knowledge of All Colleges editions recent more Deby and andFisk—the health. in food to recent times But Fisher Emerson. and partments of the Univeran scientific immense reof amount

sity will offer both regusearch work has been done in this The Word of Wisdom, we relar and special courses. field, resulting in the discovery of a peat, is commonly spoken of as the

A splendid group of largeWordbodyof Wisdom,of facts, confirmatoryand indicativeof theof Lord'sdicates lawconditionsof health.that Itmustcertainlybe satisin-

visiting instructors will the dependence of health upon food. fied if health is continued. Food is

be on hand in addition But the science of nutrition is still an extremely important factor affectspirit health. of the ing The it is Word of rapidly. however growing to the regular BYU Faculyoung; is is anything marred when Wisdom all It well normal people to becomes ty.

health. injurious to "balanced done its in keep A insotouch with teachings

Special features infar as it is feasible for laymen to do diet"is requisite for continued good clude institutes and clinso. health. Reason and logic, as well as

revelation, to the obligation impose of caution a is needed. Yet word ics, lectures, concerts health, therefore and is that in this maintain is faddish There much and a wide variety of field. Many books and magazine develop health habits which includeto

recreational offerings. articles written by food faddists are eating balanced diets—something of

but people heard, have which many It the for market. is well the layWrite for a Summer Catalog on

all too about. few people much do to his in that take care reading man

BRIGHAM YDUNG thewrittenfield byof thosenutritionwhobe areof literaturerated as Givecereals,thevegetables,children plentyand fruits,of milk,and bars. UNIVERSITY authorities or their followers. There but very few candy

PROVO, UTAH THE FORT ON THE FIRING LINE {Continued from page 220) fore. Frank specialized in the bus-

"Do you rob your friends?"he iness, in spite of Jim Joe, Tom Holiasked, in genial tones of familiar day, and other big souls who were

Better Bred confidence, for Haskell knew the in sympathy with Haskell and his language of the natives as well as people. They could remember the

it themselves. terrible He knew corral at Bosque Redondo,

than CHICKS themthey knewbetter they knew each half before. a generation Yet in

LegWhite RAMSHAW horn Chicks the other. these strange white people of the ore

product of one of the "We are your friends,"he went fort they had discovered something nation's largest U.S.R.O.P. breedon. "We have come a long way to surprisingly different: the unusual ing programs, for mountainbred

hardiness, health and high prosit down by you and help you. Why lure of love, the winning of entreaty,

duction. Also fine quality Heavy do you reward us evil for good by the absence of threats to employ

varieties. price Catalog and list stealing our horses and cattle?"force. free. U.S.R.O.P. U.S. and Approved, U.S. Pullorum Passed. Some of them protested their inBut the oldest brave among the

W. Ed Ramshaw—H. Grant Ivins nocence; some of them laughed Piutes had never heard of his peomockingly. ple being corralled or of being

"If you steal from us, you will brought back from the rocks where RAMSHAW die,"Haskell declared, solemnly. they fled redhanded with scalps and

HATCHERIES & BREEDING FARMS "Remember what I tell you."plunder. They had never known a

3687 SOUTH STATE But those who had been stealing, Bosque Redondo; they had never

Salt Lake City 6, Uteh stole again as industriously as be- {Continued on page 242) 240 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA tfiiffi* J$*M'

... '-::....:,;:-:v v ------ ':::

Ye Church u lead**'leeCommendj Rr\c\cV

.:.:...;-.:.....

- m '::...":..::':'.;.-.V: V..'''''::::.;: >;-.

.iv: srKtgj'.: *

sj: -i; -E;yS>>i: & r-'::!: ',':.;- '

Tarn illII m-'The Fort On The Firing Line

(Continued from page 240) been punished in any way for their boldest outrage against human rights.preme—theyThey hadwerealwaysstill beensupreme.suThey mocked at Haskell and helped

themselves with impudent banter.

"Vet there were exceptions, even among these insolent Piutes.

They cannot all be named here, but it would be unfair to overlook a certain slender youth in his early teens, a boy known as Henry, who caught the charm of Haskell's fervent words and was a true friend to Haskell and his people then, and through all the changing scenes of the years.

Erastus Snow's counsel to stay together met with willing response;

to the people wanted what it was who are particular about style rely do, they been doing, had what and yet a solitary deviation from that on the outstanding distinction ruleresultwasdisastrouslydestined inanda fewimperilyearstheto life of the mission. For the present,

however when they rode the range of Kuppenheimer Clothes or followed the long, winding freight road, it was in numbers of two or more, and vigilance became a habit even while they slept. They

had to unite on their ditch, their buildings, and all their enterprises, whether in and around the fort or distantly beyond it. They could not

fence their fields separately but in

Come in and browse around our Men's Shop... Street Floor aforcommunityindividualenclosure.gain was Thelost passionin concern for the general good. When

they planned a store, it had to be a cooperative institution: The San

Juan Coop, known as such with good credit for thirty years. Their

molasses mill and all their machinery of any size were community property.

Difficulty and danger from all Scaffold... around compelled them to unite in

This simple low cost way! one harmonious family, living in one

circular house. Bishop Nielson. the

Sectional and Tubelox for all purposes head of the family, counseled them

SAFETY SPEED ECONOMY in all their affairs, helped them to

Patent Steel Scaffolding is readily asmake their decisions and adjust their sembled WITHOUT TOOLS for either difficulties. The sorrow of one was

interior or exterior work. the sorrow of all, the success of one

BUILD SAFE SCAFFOLDING the joy of the community. They had

TO FIT THE JOB gay parties and dramas and dances.

Write for particulars Old Brother Cox and his fiddle helped to amplify the chivalry they

MwjMl Hansen Lime & Stucco Co. had evolved at Holein-theRock,

1574 South West Temple and it became more chivalrous with

FOR RENT OR SALE Salt Lake City Phone 6-8763 cultivation.

242 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

IT is not to be implied they indulged ff of security sense any foolish HERE'S ANOTHER NEW OUTSTANDING log walls of the aroundbecause them; that frail barrier of twisted VOLUME JUST OFF THE PRESS!

logs and gaping chinks filled in with scraps and daubed over with mud was no more than a rabbit's frail hutch which could be easily GEMSCompiled and EditedOFby DR. MILTONTHOUGHTR. HUNTERcrushed. However, they enjoyed a

sweet security, and in ordinary You'll enjoy reading and treasuring these writings and sermons that have been compiled from the current feature times they slept in peace.... Gems of Thought... appearing in The Deseret News.

.. They believed they had been packedThey arewiththe choiceinformativewritingsinspirationalof our GeneralandAuthoritieseducational

divinely guided to this strategic loinformation.

cation for the sake of their imporATTENTION GENEALOGY LOVERS!

tant assignment. A wise Providence

was delaying the day of their FAMIL Y RECORD till theyprosperity had established in the heartsthemselves of most of BINDER their enemies. Their foundation Popularduced thisdemandbinder. proDe-

stock of horses and cattle which berssigneddoingfor Churchgenealogimem-.. meets should have increased and given caleveryresearchfamily.record

iabriBlack *250them a claim to the range, had been quirement.coid with regold emreduced to a sorry trickle, and the bossed temple and letrange had been claimed by the big tering.

herds from Colorado. They were

crowded out from the most profitareas of the country they had able TWO CHURCH FAVORITES to inherit. come

But the most stubborn adversary SCRIPTURES with which they had to contend, it LDS might even be classed as enemy by Gilbert Charles Orme the San Juan Rivfour, was number... Church

unconquerable, er, implacable, on FIRST! ONLY

whose sand they had built their fort. referencedy side index—2,000book with hanref-

That restless, roaring, moaning, erences and 319 subjects gnawing old river had raged back placed at your finger and forth from cliff to cliff in that tips. Valuable!

valley from the dim ages of antiquity with never a challenge from any source. It had been undisputed

along of the sand proprietor its LATTER DA Y PROPHETS fHf that sand fine banks; ground it had - Ludiw in its own mill and laid it down on SPEmS\ by Daniei h

siateof gospel tin comPila its rightof- of other the or side one eight Presidents former ments by $Mm JR9 U\J(\\ of of enthe Church. wealth A ffi to excursion it took while an way beneficial teachings. lightening flL Wjt t i Pricelessl of course side. It would the other "'TIP

come back, and anyone found squatting on its property would be duly OTHER VALUABLE ADDITIONS TO YOUR LIBRARY

Anderson Nephi UPON, evicted. ADDED VALUE, N. B. Lundwall...$2.50S 1.50 OF PRICELESS ASSORTED GEMS

That long ditch the people had CUMORAH'S GOLD BIBLE, E. Cecil McGavin $2.25

made by their hard toil in what they EVIDENCESGEOGRAPHYANDOF THERECONCILIATIONS,BOOK OF MORMON,Dr. JohnE. CecilA. WidtsoeMcGavin $2.2575

- $1.00 Ezra Marler THOUGHT, OF NUGGETS GOLDEN old trusted terra firma, to be good $1.00 Stewart Ora P. PLANTED A TREE, GOD

$2.25 Dr. A. Widtsoe John INTERPRETATIONS, GOSPEL fields plowed and they had the

- $2.25 S. Howells Rulon HIS MANSIONS, MANY

Robert DAYS, SmithCOMMENTARY, Dr. Milton R. Hunter $2.00$3.00 PRICE fenced and planted—in all this they LASTPEARL OF GREAT

were trespassers; that sand belonged to the river. The river made | ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL CHURCH BOOK DEALERS

frequent demonstrations of how, in a few short hours, it could gather SPECIAL NOTICE TO FULL TIME MISSIONARIES up its deposits and carry them away Write for listing of books and special discount privileges to occupy the place where they had been.

At any unexpected hour, morning, noon, or night, behold, the ditch was BOOKCRAFT1186 SOUTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY 4, UTAH (Continued on page 244) MB APRIL 1949 243

The Fort On The Firing Line (Continued from page 243) empty, and following up its bank they found the river rippling gaily where the ditch had been a little while before. After the first year

they discarded as worthless all the stock they had worked up in the ditch, and began again exactly as if there had been no ditch at all. The

loss was distressing to contemplate, yet they were destined to discard the stock in that ditch again, and still again after tweny years. They

had saved seven hundred acres from the ravages of the river, and when the cost of their discarded ditch was divided by that number, it showed a tremendously high cost for water and little to show for it.

Disappointment, loss, humiliation, and poverty continued as the stern schoolmaster teaching ethics of the to the people of the GET OTHER AUTO new warfare fort. It was borne in upon them that

NEEDS AT YOUR Bluff was not essentially an enterUTOCO DEALERS prise,for makingbut a mission;gain, butnotfora makingproject

sacrifice. It was generating in them

Permatube Motor Oil the kind of gratitude which, when at

Quaker State Motor Oil length it saw their accounts crawling slowly up from destitution,

Pep 88 Gasoline would give special thanks and pay

Atlas Battery extra tithing.

( To be continued Atlas Fan Belt Champion Spark Plugs Salt lake Valley Branch

for the Deaf

(Continued from page 215) tfiKtf;:;;;****:* with Elder Widtsoe in charge.

SEE YOUR DEALER.# Other members of the committee

Mmmimmtmmmii sas'.Ar - ', present were: Holger M. Larson,

Hugo Peterson, Arnt Engh, Thomas

Clarke, Frank I, Kooyman, and Ivie. Also present was O. Lloyd UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY of president Woodbury, Max W.

the Ogden Branch for the Deaf.

Brother Willard E. Barlow, long associated with the deaf, was apTHERE IS AN ANSWER to the argument bepointedelder, withand L.sustainedElgin Jacobsonas presidingand

tween Science and Religion on the subject of the E. Ross Thurston as counselors.

Creation of the World! Ferdinand T. Billeter is the clerk.

Grant R. Morgan was sustained as

You'll find this answer set forth in words and charts in the brandnew book superintendent of the Sunday

School, with J. Phil Thornton and AND RELIGION"SCIENCE AGREE!"

JONES By MILTON JENKINS PLAN) Wayne E. Stewart as assistants, (Author of THE GOSPEL

Paper cover only 40c and Launcelott L. Edwards, secAt your favorite bookstore; or retary.

Just write your name and address on a piece of paper, wrap it around 40c (no stamps, please), In the M.I. A. auxiliaries, Don C.

put in an envelope addressed to: facobs was chosen superintendent of

the Y.M.M.I.A., with Rodney W. Church 0. Walker and Bruce M. Eyre, as-

P. O. Box 2245 Prompt service,%mmwe pay postage. Salt Lake City, Utah sistants; Frank Monk, secretary;

244 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

Georgie Mae Stewart, president,

Y.W.M.I.A., with Helen W. Thurston and Ardell Booth Patterson, counselors, and Myrtle J. ShoemakMormon Architecture

er, secretary. The Relief Society is Edited by Joseph H. Weston

headed by Gladys M. Hind, presiPhotographs of some of the most beautiful buildings

dent; Elsie Preece, first counselor, of the L.D.S. Church have been gathered together for the

Catherine J. Morgan, second counfirst time and made available to everyone in a fine book, 9

selor, and Edna W. Glenn, secinches by 12 inches, bound in boards and heavy maroon

retary. fabricoid. Contains 103 pictures, including all ten temples

The interpreters chosen and susthat have been built, many tabernacles, chapels, aq tained are Eva Prudence Fowler and other outstanding examples of beautiful and Eula R. Pusey. L.D.S. architecture. A handsome addition to any personal or ward library. 6Postpaid "Phe first convert to the Church in

the new branch was Sister Thelma Dennis North, who was bapTHE TEMPLES date, 2, 1948. tized, December The IN PICTURES incidentally, also Brother was

fine engravings North's birth anniversary. Sister A matched set of

North was born in Pawnee, Oklaof all eight presentday temples, reproduced from dramatic photos homa, and before coming to Utah, made by noted photographers.

resided in Los Angeles, California. Mounted on white matboards 10

The first baby blessed in the branch inches by 15 inches, ready to hang was little John Orson Despain, son on walls of home, office, Relief Soof Brother and Sister Guy O. ciety room, or at Sunday School or

Despain, whose name and blessing Primary. These temple pictures

were bestowed by his father on have sold very rapidly since we first

Sunday, December 5, 1948. announced them a few weeks ago.

The deaf of Salt Lake Valley If ordering only one or two, specify can now look forward to enjoying name of temple desired. They are

wellplanned meetings and conferCardston, Idaho Falls, Logan, Salt ences, as well as dancing, motion picLake City, Manti, St. George, Mesa, and

five entire Hawaiian. set costs The EACH ture social activishows, other and Postpaid of lars, a saving one dollar if you buy

ties. past, In times the whenever dol75c all time. at one them

deaf wanted to give parties of any nature, they had to hunt up a suityjable hall, and ofttimes have been athese amazing mormons disappointed in not finding any by Joseph H. Weston

available, or if they did succeed in description straightforward of the A newspaperman's people and the L.D.S. Church. Several thousandbooking a place, they were further Mormon

disappointed by lastminute canSaints have found this book to be an excellent way to ancellations of the hall. swer the many questions of their nonMormon friends, and

before, the teachas never Now, it several missions are using as gospelan efficient m QQing of the gospel to the deaf tool. Size of spreading inches, 11 paper bound, &y2 x

Salt Lake Valley can continue on and priced low enough that you can afford to give an even broader scale, with all the it away or lend it to an investigator. Postpaid

auxiliaries included which were lacking.formerly (See "Teaching WHERE DO IDEAS COME FROM?the Deaf,"p. 24, ImproveThe

philosophical essay by the author of "These Amazing A Era,ment January 1946.) There

little This booklet Mormons!"will renew faith in your

is a great deal of missionary work God. Priced postpaid. at FIFTY CENTS,

to be done, and to show their appreciation to the General Authorities of the Church for granting perDISCOUNT mission to, and aiding financially in We desire to encourage more units and individuals the building of this new chapel, the throughout the church to sell L.D.S. books, and for that

deaf are ready to work as they have purpose, offer a 40% discount in lots of ten or more.

never worked before in helping to build up the Lord's kingdom, and to spread the gospel to their kindred deaf. WESTON PUBLISHING COAnd in that day shall the deaf hear the

words of the book.... (Isa. 29:18.) 660 So. State St.

And the gospel of the kingdom shall be in all thepreached for world a witness Salt Lake City, Utah... 24:14.*unto all nations. (Matt.

APRIL 1949 245 mm M Men Basketball 194849 (Concluded from page 205) West Stake, 5031; from Logan

Fifth, East Cache Stake, 4942; and IT'S

from Edgehill, Hillside Stake, 40- -A, >\ 37. The second place winners

turned back Aurora, North Sevier

Stake, 4838; Taylorsville, North

Stake, 4231, and TwentyQW EVERYWHERE Jordan

Sixth Ward, Pioneer Stake, 5748.

pOLLOWiNG Maywood and Fielding in final tournament standings, were:

Edgehill, Hillside Stake, third; Manavu,

Provo Stake, fourth; Lewisville, Rigby

(Idaho) Stake, fifth place and consolation champions; Twentysixth Ward, Pioneer

Stake, sixth; Springville Second, Kolob

Stake, seventh place; and Aurora Ward,

North Sevier Stake, eighth.

Other teams participating in the tournament were:

College Ward, Cedar Stake; Gilbert,

Mesa (Arizona) Stake; Randolph, Woodruff Gridley, Stake; (California), Gridley JOHN DEERE No First, Stake, and Nyssa (OregonWeiser

Idaho) Stake.

''TailorMade"means that the John Deere No. 5

Mower is "fitted"to do a better mowing job for you wr-- To Manavu went the sportsmanthe in any That's field condition. famous or crop why

is first Caliship trophy, which is held by a win- 5 to choice of farmers No. Maine from

fornia; from Washington to Florida...Hi ning team for one year, and is

5 easyoff is an easyon, Deere No. The John hitch fe#: presented by the general superintractor. with any Its hinged that works mower bar and caster wheel carriage insure flexibility for K mm tendency of the Y.M.M.I.A., and is

cleaner cutting and easier steering. considered by many to be the most

materials. Cutting highestquality parts are of desirable award given at the meet.

adjustments years Simple of likenew performadd ance. A safety spring release for the cutter bar, and As an innovation this year, a

a slip clutch on the power shaft safeguard against trophy was presented to the second breakage.

Remember, the No. 5 has been copied by many place team, and wristwatches were

but equalled by none. See your John Deere dealer or presented to nine individual players

write today for free folder. whose tournament play was particularly outstanding. Chad Germaine, Verl Coombs, LaVar RueckMolme, SiSinois ert, and Don Peterson received JOHN DEERE

watches for outstanding individual performances on single days of the "A man with a good job. meet.

steady income and plenty Brothers Richard and Merwin for his family of security Waite of Maywood, along with will cases in most be a in CASH! faith citizen with good

America in God. and My For your OLD L.D.S. and VernonReuckertCoombsof Twentysixth,of Fielding,andSperryRolin job the mines has given Utah Books lie Williams of Edgehill were sethat background."me

lected as the official allChurch honSubmit List to or team.

i o ZION'S BOOK STORE On the Bookraek 65 E. 2nd So. Phone 4-3465

Salt Lake City, Utah (Concluded from page 223) human endeavor. The author's analyses

All types of books sold also. of the American, French, and the Negro

revolutions are thoughtprovoking. His

biographical sketch of Miranda is also exceptional. Above every other qualihe pospossesses—aad

use is a linguist whose Subscribe to and read tyessesthemany—heauthor

of language delights the eye and theSUTAH MINING ASSOCIATION THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ear.—M. C.J.

246 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA FOOD, HUNGER, AND PEOPLE (Continued from page 217) products. Not only is increased

.(c) From starchy fruits, roots, and tuWOrld production of over one lumcalories.bers 100200 approximately

consumption (d) sugar Probably reduce dred, percent*,.. or morc required,.,,, but

in many national diets; otherwise mainmost of this increase will have to

tain level of current consumption. come locally throughout the world

(e) A minimum of 100 calories in fats; because of the perishable nature of

150200 where relation to cereals and tnese products, qualitatively and indicates.starchy foods quantitatively. Sir John Boyd Orr's

calories in legumes, 200300. (f) Some Statement,\ t their proteins, forespecially but important

again to be watched in terms of relation to starchy foods and meats. The degree to which a country suffers

(g) At least 100 calories a day from frora overpopulation depends on the extent fruits and vegetables exclusive of the to which its people are fully and producstarchy variety; with emphasis on vitamin tively employed,...

C sources, yellows, and leafy greens.

(h) Some 100 calories a day from carries more meanings than one.

meats, poultry, fish, eggs, with 150200 as What is needed to hit these /tDDYK\ltm*X\ target bettera targets? One FAO report puts it Your f/ectric SerNarft

(i) 300400 calories from milk and Some thls.. waV:milk products.

Can the world produce food in The limiting factor is not the physical the capacity food to produce but enough for quantitysuch over and quality 'Go Electric nations the about com "*** j brin9 billion people?two Can we. mainto plex necessary adjustments economictain production...in proportion as make adequate producfion and distributionpopulation doubles? The table bepossible. /low will repay careful study. It Allthe Way:

shows the greatly increased proFor example, most of the billion duction over prewar supplies that people now undernourished occupy are required to meet these nutritionsmall holdings under ancient land Electricity does it betal targets in 1950. tenure and agricultural systems that ter, faster and at low

To meet world food needs in have not changed in two thousand 1960, assuming a twentyfive peryears or more. Can these ancient cost.

cent increase in world population, property rights, customs, practices, the approximate percentage increase be adjusted? Sir John Boyd Orr's Buy

in world production over prewar, report as directorgeneral to the necessary to meet the nutritional FAO Conference suggests the foltargets, will be: lowing international and national Electric Appliances

approaches: From Your Dealer

Rootfand""tub7rs'".IZi:27% L Improvements in [arming e/-

Sugar 12% ficiency. Not every land has its agFats 34% ricultural college system, with its

Legumes 80% experiment stations and county

Fruits and vegetables 163% Scientific Utah Power & and, agriculturala., Meat 46% agents.soila.. practices, includ-.,., conservation 2000/ M

fertilizers, ing judicious use of crop Light Co.

'J'he most difficult objectives in practices, including variety and rotathis strategic list are probably tion, pest and insect control, new fruits and vegetables, milk and milk (Continued on page 248)

Nutritional Targets: Percentage increase (or decrease) of supply over prewar

production to meet nutritional targets of FAO in 1950.

United Southeast South PROFITABLE DAYS

Product U.S.A.

Cereals 4%—2.5% Kingdom—3%Europe America*70% China15% India39% AHEAD FOR

Starchy fruits, roots, tubers.... 8.7% 103% 22% 66% 6% 26% 0UISH Sugar—12.6% 15% 25% 10% 49%—13% Fats 0.4% 31% 65% 58% 113% GRADUATES

Legumes 6.6%—5% 93% 70% 59% 84% trainingCapitalizenow! onYou'llQUISHbe a

Fruits and competent beautician when vegetables 48.6% 70.5 78% 73% 327% 330% graduated.vides you withQUISHtechnicalpropoultry, Meat, and gained

in 24 knowledgeSEND FOR fish, eggs 17.6% 6.5 11% 59% 45% 305% skillFREE TODAY! years.CATALOG

milk Milk and products 55.6% 57.5% 77% 184% 5,650% 60%

*Does not Include Argentina, Uruguay. Chile.

Source: Food and Agricultural organization of the United Nations, First Annual Report of the Director

General to the FAO Conference, Washington: July 5, 1946, pp. 1517.

APRIL 1949 247 FOOD, HUNGER, AND PEOPIE PIONEER MUSIC COMPANY (Continued from page 247) and until recently have retired, disIs Proud to Present tools and machinery, are universally honorably, 200,000 acres of ruined urged by FAO. There are some land from cultivation every year.

America's Greatest real business opportunities involved Not every nation, of course, could

Piano Value brightin theseyoungrecommendationsmen reading if theseany richlyever affordendowedtheUnitedprofligacyStates!of the

The EVERETT Piano pages want to establish a fortune 3. Economic and Social Changes.

or two, and at the same time proNew land tenure systems must be vide their brethren with thousands of developed throughout the world.

jobs and millions of tons of food in Studies of the Utah State Agriculdoing so. For example, China and tural College Experiment Station

India need twenty times the nitroshow that even in Utah, our land gen, phosphate, potash, other and after tenure system a brief century, CONTfMPOkAftY fertilizers If used. now being any signs of shows becoming

Only EVERETT gives you the reader of these pages can produce with most of the units being archaic,far too tone beauty of a grand! and ship any part of this twentysmall for economic farm manageThe ideal piano for Church fold increase, per annum, in the ment. Machinery and tools cost

use. Also factory rebuilt grand next generation, he will not have to money. Farmers throughout the

pianos for inspection of Conworry about his social security at world will need new forms of credit age sixtyfive. to buy tractors, combines, and other ference visitors.

We specialize in 2. Development and Use of Land. machinery. The farmers of China,

unlike the farmers of Iowa, do not percent of the surface ride around in Cadillacs and ChrysChurch Music—Choral Music ofOnlythesevenglobe cultivation. is under

Music for Every Occasion This is about onehalf acre for each lers. And it is hard enough for

BEESLEY MUSIC demonstrationperson. If anyonethat needs"Zion furtheris in mostfarmersof thein Iowatime. toFarmbuypricestractorsare

COMPANY thereAmerica"is evidenceas Josephhere. SmithIn the taught,U.S.A. anage eternalbecauseproblemof the indifficultyan industrialof the

70 So. Main St. Salt Lake City there are four cultivated acres a individual farmer in meeting, organperson (that's why we eat well, i.e., izing, and controlling the market.

the twothirds of us that do eat Finally, those of us who eat food not only must have purchasing powNext comes well—quantitively). er to it, but also buy have wisdom the U.S.S.R. with two acres a person under cultivation (but not as in its consumption and purchase.

good acres in many regions ). South Sir John Boyd Orr says,

America averages about 1.5 acres NYLON... for the as world a whole it can be

for each person; Western Europe said, "Tell earn, I will what and you me

.7 of an acre; Eastern Asia.5 of an tell you what you eat."Underwear acre. More of the ninetythree perin of cent The addiof the earth's Wisdom, Word surface remainNOW AVAILABLE be valuable a would to asset ing can be brought cultivation, under

tion. But it will require different any housewife's family as well as

for methods from those now in useto her income.

new capital—and even in Utah, in 4. Increase individual productivithe U.S.A., this is extremely hard ty. To increase wealth, food, and Menand to get, even for irrigation and drainservices available, we must all inage projects. If malarial mosquitoes crease our productivity. Education,

and the deadly tsetse fly could be supported by religious morality, is Women controlled, new lands and areas the greatest single force and device

VUnte Lis for would open to teeming mankind. for accomplishing this result. EduPerhaps some reader of these pages cation, in this sense, may hold the

[Particulars will prefer a scientific education answer to the world's problem of and the conquest of the tsetse fly population, food, and hunger. Yet

to the fertilizer business, and so even in the United States, how difserve his generation. Not only is ficult it is to secure an adequate SALT LAKE

new land important, but the recschool budget! And if a university

lamation of millions the of acres or college president a were to ask have destroyed men renlegislature and for KNIT* that dol- a few additional

have ruined 282,000,000 acres would growl about We "modern frills"36 South Main indered useless must be accomplished. lars for research, many people the United States alone; stripped refuse to and be convinced. How

Salt JLake Kity, Utah up to seventyfive percent of the difficult, then, will be the task of intopsoil from 775,000,000 acres more; creasing the individual productivity

of the populations of Asia? MeanVMMimmmZ.-.>.-,. '. '.',*,:',; >;;;;:: '.'.XfrXy.-'.- ''''. < *> v \

while, fifty thousand stomachs net are being added to the world every Squirrels day.

in restored Church, The role, its Amerget you down? singularly ican has played a

useful role in meeting the basic problems connected with population, food, and hunger. The story K41 Oh, for some

of American irrigation, reclamation, CARBON dryfarming, by Mormon pioneer pioneeredfarmers—andextensively BISULPHIDE!

let it never be forgotten, by Mormon schoolteachers and scientists like J. M. Tanner, James E. Tal- \<v- mage, John A. Widtsoe, F. S. HarMY

ris, William Peterson, E, G. Peterson, L. MarThomas R, J. Evans,

\Cs tin, E. mm Willard Gardner, Joseph

Greaves, and many others—has

come to have real world significance. Joseph Smith's plat for the

city of Zion was unique in helping for a civilization establish in open, an have need thatbarren, country. western Now Once you have {ember*d this chemical and you r area, thethat together world, with,1|n

has industrialized and urbanized, our generation must face the problems of the future with similar dar- -ing, genius, inventiveness, courage, use gun Rodent IWW,—and enterprise. d for pur DEMON to applyni easy Combination.como famoUS Eeonomacal-y about ** more results.td learn gJcufarlo/p

"OB the Record"(Continued from page 209)you will probably guard your atWHEELER, REYNOLDS & STAUFFER titude, steering clear from anything Division of Sta utter Chemical Company aswhich could be interpreted a 636 CALIFORNIA STREET SAN FRANCISCO 8 If"holierthan-thou"point of view.

the conversation is "average,"you will probably join goodnaturedly in the give and take of ideas which is result the inevitable of a sincere achieve convicattempt to really alusd. laminated. CHURCH ARCHES

tions. If the conversation begins to

get far afield, you will probably laugh yourwandering—iffriends outyouof theirknowquestionablehow. Or

you may try to turn them back with some such casual remark as "my thinking is a little different on that point,"or "did any of you happen to read the article on sportsmanship in last night's paper?"or "have any

of you heard from Bill lately—

wonder how he's getting along on his mission?"Just as one misguided

concan a throwcomment whole the designs in is traditional "moulded"of arch the wood to grace rails, offversation wellthe Fir. so one of titDouglas friendly the strength structural with warmth you

gymnasiums for schools churches, arches Thespecify—combiningConsultationcurving laminated and on glued set can phrasechosen sometimes it is our Industrial to architects Department. available through MARK THC

right again. Available at Your Local Lumber Dealer

If this in stratdon't succeed you CO. MORRISONMERRILL & TTECRROCKJ'iftK

don't sometimes Inc. you For Wholesaleegy—and PRODUCT)FORFwoses rxoho Pocatello, Nevada w Lake TimberCity—Reno,Structures! DistributorsIdaho—Salt can quiet always veryyou become RELIAB1UTV Folder Send For

(Continued on page 250) APRIL 1949 249 "OFF THE RECORD"COLOR FILM SLIDES OF (Continued from page 249) ing of experiences. Every idle word,

Book of Mormon Cities of and hard working. You can become every casual remark, every cutting,

angry outburst, every half truth beMexico and Central America as busy as a little squirrel—anxious to get through because you have clouded with implications, every

I have been asked many times in such a lot to do at home. You will weak, destructive comment, every

organithe various past Church by inother several selfish eager every phrase, probably win vain and for ofzations copies Missions and relieved the converts to job at hand, grateful and sincerity. and How trips slides I took colored onmy my

if all these were balthrough Mexico and Central Amerwork can be very consoling and abwe would be ica, gathering material and pictures sorbing. anced in some degree by the kind,

for my three books... "Grandeur All of this of course assumes that the courageous, the sincere, the true,

of Ancient America,""Buried Emyou like this group and want to stay the charitable, the meaningful, the pires of South America,"and "The with them. But supposing you find inspiring words which we had someAmericas Before Columbus."yourself among young people who how had the grace to speak. Such a

So chosen I have of be one probably would to you record don't mean very much scenes, which to mefiftyareofproofsthe outstandingof the Book of character to be indexes the truest is distasteful conversation whoseof Story. Mormon

These scenes showing some of the great and whom you just plain don't like found, because our words influence as conclustructures, works, cement pyramids and thoughts and actions yesterday, or our tomorrow, etc.;metals, following an-—today, the taken from influsively as thought and actions courtime. Occasionally any other.cient cities.. (with archaeomodern

logical names.) tesy makes demands on you, and ence our words. They are all bound

TULA (where tradition says that Christ you feel that you must stay; then inseparably together. How necesunto this people) appeared sary it is that we learn to speak you

city) (the great pyramidTEOTIHUACAN well. guardedly (the in the largest pyramidCHOLULA can turn polite—nothinga deaf ear and becomemore.

world) And this need happen only once; Some young people learn quickCITYCITY UNDER MEXICO it's too bad ly, and some never learn aV all, (where 1017 Tombs have You won't go again. If ALBANMONTE

been found) for even one evening, you can alwhen to remain quiet and when to the (called city of Tombs)MITLA ill and concourageously speak up suddenly you become ways—of city Willard (The whichCHICHENITZA

if and learn quickly, prinfidently. or are anyway; probably Some rise, seen reach empires two said had

a golden age and perish.) ciples are involved and you really some never learn day in and day out

of the (one beautiful of PremostUXMAL loud, out think safely they can are affronted, be affronted. Even when

Cities) Maya its correctfor thinking this limitations. testing politeness has its city of (The stone temples carvedEABAH

true. and pyramids) trusted and the against first thing to ness that's a long Well,

city (The of arches)LABNA quickly, learn people young Some her I don't but want to Jean, city (TheSAYIL the great apartsay where ment house still stands) to get too upset by such an evening. and some never, to examine their

the ancient (Where peopleCOPAN personal measto learn to handle her I want how their reached culture) highest

I really believe see her to watch and I want with (Contemporaneous Coit.QUIRIGUA And speechure—is bythisthewhattruest

it is or its writing right mind where pan reached am in my when I these other under people act highest how stage) I I lazily produce am when learn what difficulties she can because largest of the (Second ancientPALENQUE known cities with its Christian Cross) much from others who are tactful, tired, dispirited—doubtful of the

(Largest of allTIKAL imare of life? These meaning the ancient cities—with courteous, tolerant—but staunch as hardsurfaced roads) talk. to learning of portant phases staunch.

Fifty for Slides Duplicate $25 short written description will Learning to talk has always been slideA of each be included. is living of like phase to important. Every thought second I would HpHE

to...For slides write direct living all speaking. Of tied up with to express While Jean is: we

creatures, only man made in theDEWEY4635 Montana St.FARNSWORTHEl Paso, Texas are learning to handle ourselves

(The second edition of "The Americas Beiore when the conversation around us image of God, was given the power is off theColumbus"now can be the out of to frame speech. Two the neglect us, bothers must not weordered from the Deseret Book press.Store—BookcraftIt

Ifor direct. is autographed copy an from me with deal Commandments well Ten to speak learn obligation todesired direct.) write me

utter chaos deourselves—and I don't mean merely speech. When

it was exAAA a.+.j+.a>*.+>+.* the mechanics. Important as are scended upon mankind,

grammar, construction, enunciation, emplified in the confusion of speech ll\! USE for OVER FIFTY YEARS and voice, the most important eleat the Tower of Babel. Peter was

Aids in treatment of Canker, simple ments are the thought and spirit of identified with the famous words, bewrayeth thee."sore throat and other minor mouth the words—whether they work to- "Thy speech

and throat irritations. wards good or evil. As surely as Speech has always had great sigwe live, our tongues will lead us nificance and the power to build or

destroy. direction or the to others in one andHALL'S REMEDY be responsible other must and we are some of the things that These Salt Lake City, Utah

for every word we utter. I would say to Jean, so I hope she

I not does, hope if she if comes. a that And often thought I have 1948 "ERA"INDEX

I to speak will able be that only of record phonographic complete Available Now

I that also sincerely clearly but and uttered had ever every word we to Write "THE IMPROVEMENT ERA"were to be played back to us, it will be able to listen closely, for 50 North Main, Salt Lake City, Utah might prove to be the most humiliatJean has good things to say and an 250 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA engaging way of saying them. Between us I hope that we shall be

able to work out a sensible point of Career Training for Business view which balances each one's own solemn obligation to try to speak Fullyence, qualifiedthe L.D.S!byBusinessstaff, equipment,College canandgiveexperiyou

wisely, kindly, and courageously theness bestor civilpossibleservicetrainingcareer.for a promising busiwith the equally sure obligation to Inquiries welcomed anytime.

take some of the conversational weaknesses of mankind philosophically.

This latter should not be too hard since all share these weaknesses in some degree. The use of the gift of

speech must be learned slowly and patiently and painstakingly. We

must all practice and because it is practice must all blunder at times.

And if blame is to be laid for these blunders, we are all culpable.

Jean, however, is far above the average when it comes to her use of speech. I have never heard her gossip. I have never heard her teardown faith. Ihave never heard her m\m

NORTH MAIM question the virtue of the highest principles. And if she, herself, failed

at times to measure up to those principles, I have never heard her justify herself. is equalbrother David Her L. D. S. Chapels proMore ly wise. him imagine I cannot

faning. I am quite sure an unclean

story would never pass his lips Are Using the and I doubt that it would get by his ears. They both exemplify the

verses in Proverbs: HAMMOND

I will for excellent of things; Hear; speak

lips the right mropening of shall be and my things. ORGAN

truth; shall speak For my mouth and every day because

towickedness is an abomination my lips.

(Proverbs 8:6-7.) It is so easy to play Costs so little

Upkeep is very small Takes up so little room

Perhaps these verses will remind Over 155 in L. D. S. Chapels

us to watch our speech and to keep

Write in for full information to either of our storesour words clean and vital—eventhose that are said casually—"offthe record."GLEN -BROTHERS MUSIC CO. SALT LAKE Est. 1907 OGDEN

THE DREAM

By Catherine E. Berry

dusted off a dream today I filed That I had away; You Can't ALWAYS PlanIt there beneath shimmered my touch,

A dream that went astray. The FUTURE By the Past!

fragile, lovely thing toA see, Just because you haven't had a fire is no reason are; sometimes all dreamsAs

Oh, once it drifted with the moon, why you won't. Don't judge the future by the past.

And tried to reach a star. Fire is a constant menace and may visit you any day.

If I should set it free again, Insure your property today and be protected against

If I should dream once more, loss.

Would it be lost and dimmed with tears, Better get your policy while you can.

Be broken as before?

The thought intrigues my heart, and I UTAH HOME FIRE INSURANCE CO.

it letWill go today, Better a dream that won't come true Heber J. Grant & Co. GENERAL AGENTS Salt Lake City, Utah

Than one that's locked away!

APRIL 1949 251

THE EDITOR'S PAGE { Concluded from page 201 ance that all things necessary would and Peter, James, and John conbe added.

that I hope rehave those who this giftJhSL ferredchizedekuponPriesthood,him the Higher,enablingor Melhim ceived wonderful of faith to officiate in all the ordinances of are living to retain it. We should

the Church of Jesus Christ. bow before the Lord morning andDESERET It was through faith that those evening and from the depth of our

men who accepted him as their leadsouls express our gratitude to our er were able to withstand the asHeavenly Father for our faith.

saults of the evil one. They were If any lack faith, it is because heNEWS driven from place to place, perhas not kept the commandments of

secuted and abused; but many of God. Those who do not honor the

them remained true to the end. They Sabbath and keep it holy, displeasePRESS knew that God lived and that his him. Some people appear to think

allpowerful arm would be extended that if they have attended religious for their salvation. While few in meetings or performed some porin the midst of the communinumber tion of the service required of them COMMERCIAL

lived, they they ties in which liberty they are Sunday, then at knew on that of the the heavens would power in pleasures to pursue and engage AND EDITION if sustain they performed them their activities that are incompatible with part; of evil that the power and still the spirit of the Sabbath and PRINTERS AND to stay the would be unable to oncontinue enjoy the favor of our

I to if the say you that of the Church, BOOK BINDERS wardour Fatherprogresshad againof theestablishedChurch thaton membersFather. knowing

PAPER RULING themightearth,be saved.in order that his children better,Sabbath persistday in thein pursuitdesecratingof worldthe

Since then many thousands of the ly pleasures, they will lose their servants of the Lord have traveled faith; and the Spirit of our Heavenin the earth proclaiming the truth of ly Father will withdraw from them.

the gospel of our Lord, the gospel In my visits to the wards and of peace, the only panacea for the stakes and to the mission fields I ills of mankind. And today counthave rejoiced in the development of

less thousands of the favored sons our sons and daughters and in the and daughters of God raise their increase in their faith due to obeand Social voices in thanksgiving and praise, dience to the will of the Lord. The

for the faith of those from whom path of faith, the path of humility

Staticuoneri they have descended who dared to and obedience, is always the path of seek first "the kingdom of God and safety for the members of the his righteousness,"with the assurChurch.

29 RICHARDS STREET MISSION TO POLYNESIA

211 (Continued from page this section reached the valley. of

determine. not long he could night seen. PHONE 4-5521 for how he had seldom A darker

But when no pursuers came along, To add to the confusion, rain was he finally decided that his fear of falling, turning the dirt on the dikes being eaten was groundless. into slippery mud.

It was evening of the third day, As if he hadn't gone through the time, Captain Worth had said, enough the past three days, in this WE DFFER... that the Rambler would sail. So Adrain, mud, and darkness, Addison A COMPLETE

ENGRAVING SERVICE dison decided it would now be safe missed the path and found himself

From Missionary Portraits to the Largest to return to town to see if the ship on an untraveled dike, and while

Catalogues.

Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention had left. In the valley through which groping his way along like a rat in

he had to pass were acres of faro a maze, he lost his footing and

UTAH ENGRAVING CO. patches. plant is a slipped into Taro from which water to and mud up

113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, Utah pot, is his the natives waist. and which make struggling, he much With

planted between dirt dikes in crawled back onto the dike, but after mud, with water up to a foot deep a few steps he slipped off the other

Keep abreast of the Church over it, in much the same manner in side. Having no idea in which diwhich rice is grown. The path Adrection he should go or from which

READ dison was following wound around direction he had come, he must have

THE IMPROVEMENT ERA betweenthe dikes.the Itfarowaspatchesnight onwhentop heof longtraveledhoursin hecircles,slipped,andsplashed,for severaland

252 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA oozed his way around, seemingly dividing his time between the top of the dikes and the bottom of the TRADITIONAL ORGAN TONEpools. At last he came to a bunch

of sugar cane growing on a narrow,... IN MEETING THE TONAL QUALITIES OF "GRANDEUR

sloping shelf of grassland by a AND FULLNESS"RECOMMENDED, AND COMBINING WITH THEM THE "SOFT, SWEET TONES"ASSOCIATED WITHledge. On this, he decided, he would ELECTRONIC ORGANS, THE

stay until daylight. So he wound

his hands around some of the grassto keep from sliding off, and went to WurliTzer Organ sleep. Awakening with a start, he Gives to the Church those qualifications of DIGNITY AND

found himself waistdeep in mud and MAJESTY that have only been available heretofore in the water in the taro patch below. traditional organs.

After another period of slipping Visit us during Conference—See and Hear the New Model

and splashing and fighting the mud 21 and the 3 other models.

and water, he thought he heard a You will agree that the WURLITZER ORGAN TONE meets all noise in the distance. Standing mothe requirements of the Church Service.

tionless, he listened. Yes, it was, unFor demonstration—See SELDON N. HEAPS

mistakably, fallthe sound of water spirits SUMMERHAYS MUSIC CO. renewed now,ing! With

through the taro patches and over 17 West First South Salt Lake City 1. Utah

the mud dikes he made his way, following that sound, until he reached the pool below the falls. Here he

washed off the mud as best he could, crossed the stream, and PIANO SOLOS EACH WITH COMPLETE SET OF WORDS started for some houses he could AN ANGEL FROM ON HIGH see in the distance. But as he neared AS THE DEW FROM HEAVEN

the little village, a pack of dogs DISTILLING Jos. J. Daynes

gave chase, and once more he had COME, COME YE SAINTS..W. Clayton

GENTLY RAISE THE SACRED to muster strength enough to run STRAIN T. C. Griggs LATTERDAY,/ until out of danger. he was Then, HIGH ON THE MOUNTAIN

coming to a partlybuilt grass shack SAINTS'HYBMS TOP Johnson he lay down on a mat that was on (MORlim HOW GREAT THE WISDOM AND the dirt floor and was so exhausted THE LOVE Thos. Mclntyre

that the sun was hours high in the JOSEPHPRAYERSMITH'S FIRST A. C. Smyth

morning when he awoke from a O MY FATHER Jos. McGranahan

muchneeded sleep. O YE MOUNTAINS

HIGH Chas. W. Penrose

PRAYER IS THE SOUL'S SINCERE Tt was the fourth day. Surely the DESIRE Careless Geo. Carl AMANGEMENTS

Rambler had left by this time! FOH REDEEMER OF ISRAEL

Now he could go to town and get PIMO SOLD W. W. Phelps

some food. Climbing to the top of BY SHINE ON Jos. Ballantyne

a hill from which he could see the SELDON IV. HEAPS SWEET IS THE WORK

ocean, he scanned the harbor with John J. McClellan THANK THEE. O GOD, FOR WE Aanxious for a few eyes. Then Mrs. Norton PROPHET minBIWINPUBIJ$H2pwv you*.,B5fuINC,i autes his hunger pangs were crowded 35c EACH

out of his being by the joy that New43 YorkW. 23rd10, St.N. Y. or "MUSICYOUR DEALERsurged him. through BELW

The Rambler was nowhere in sight! He had won the first part of PERSONALLY AUTOGRAPHED COPIES of the above Latterday Sainthis battle. William Worth couldn't

if you desire.reach him now. Hymns by the arranger, Mr. Seldon N. Heaps,

Back at Jack Crowns he found 35c per copy (add tax in Utah) his clothes safe. All he could think Order From

of food. offered to was Jack now SUMMERHAYS MUSIC COMPANY untilfeed him work, but he found 17 W. First So. Salt Lake City 1. Utah

he was so ravenous that he was ashamed to eat half as much as his lo.s. dictated.appetite headouarters SPECIAL PLANT In phoenix "With another halfstarved sailor, Shasta Daisy (G. Marioni) 5 for S1.00

Addison set out to seek work from Shasta Daisy (Queen Victoria) G for 51.00

"Old Charlie,"a negro who made Deph. (Pacific Hybrids) 25 plants $1.00 MOTOR HOTEL

$1.00 5 for (Salmon) Hollyhock Double

incoke for use the city. Asking Write Listing Plant and Seed for FREE 13 00 WEST VAN BUREN

atfor food houses the along SWIMMING POOL FOR GUESTS INC. SON'S, ROHBOCK'S RESERVATIONS NECESSARY WINTER FOR (Continued 218 E, Dept. Utah P. O. on Geneva, Orem, page 254)

APRIL 1949 253 MISSION TO POLYNESIA

availed them little, and what ing questions. He wanted to know Memorials way (Continued from page 253) him to work. Rather he started askMONUMENTS Addisonhis desiredidforeatfoodseemedratherto increasethan to earlyabout training,his parents,his education,his home, andhis behis

his place the hunger. At one habits, his ambitions liefs and and

watermelon, given a large MARKERS pairsatisfywas desires. Mr. Hannwell when And

VASES which they ate, rind, seeds, and all, was convinced that this young man but even this did not relieve the was not like the many other runmisery and pain created by going away sailors he had known, he several days without food. asked him if he would like a home.

They found "Old Charlie"will- A home!

ing to give them a job. And when "To find a home in this faroff

he learned how hungry they were, land is a blessing I have never he killed a yearling goat, dug some dreamed of,"Addison told him.

sweet potatoes, and cooked a six- "Well,"Mr. Hannwell said, "I

quart pan of the meat and vegetahave a house where I stay. I do not

bles into a thick soup. Then he live in the greatest kind of style, but

QUALITY—BEAUTY—SERVICE dished out about a third of the pan- I have salt beef and pork with all

to eternal stone everlasting with markFor an ful for himself, leaving the rest kinds of vegetables and hard our dear the ones near andbeauty spot where lie. eternal granite, carved with loving care by for the two sailors. Although bread."

will surely workmen, our master and humbly Charlie warned the two not to eat Addison was speechless. sentiments. to expertlyexpress us our Allow

and fully serve you at reasonable prices. too much, they were both so starved "If you think you can stand such

that they ate until the whole of the a fcving,"Hannwell added, "you four quarts was devoured. Addison may come and try it."ELBAS MORRSS

paid dearly for this experience, Stand such living? After his exthe aboard and Rambler however, for the rest of the and day periences CO., Inc. SONS & of the his misfortunes he few days following and all the night he sufSo.250 East Temple Salt Lake

Phone 3-5715 fered severe stomach pains. Even for had spent on shore, Addison could

SERVING YOU SINCE 1860 a month afterwards the pains rehardly believe that such good for- a a "i turned every time he ate a meal. On tune had come to him. But it was

top of all this, his job making coke true, and he stayed to live with his lasted only a few days. newfound friend, to work for him

KILLS loading and shipping sandalwood, affairs. his household to manage misfortune to< and ut not was always BLACK During that followed the months CHICKEN LICE lot. be Addison's Several days

and after he lost his job, he was walking Addison learned to understand and LEAF 40 FEATHERMITES native the a little of speak language. the along beach stopped and CAPBRUSH APPLICATOR of acquainted with became many to He a split native to show how wood the CapBrush Tap on the Islanders to Sandwich came and roosts the and smear with an ax. Americantype did He utilizes drops. the This lovable, kindly, as a them know and Black powerful Leaf40 it, not a white but know the by man greatest fumes to give sincere people. Hannwell Mr. coverage. bristles of No name Hannwell James was

to absorb waste and like Allin-all son. treated a him the liquid. penewatching. Fumes Mr. Hannwell imwas

trate the feathers of sitelated his so with Addison was this pressed with young man. roosting chickens, He

lice. killing body No liked the cleancut face and eager uation, that, for a time, he thought poultry. handling of

Write fordirections on eyes. He liked the way he stopped he would never like to change it.

feathermite control. after while the sights be- a But new to help a stranger. liked the He way

only Buy in original old, experiences beunusual came factorysealedcontainers he an ax. because swung he And

to insure strength. full the novelty of commonplace, came so impressed, was even though there

off, in a strange being land wore several sailors were hundred the on 481? desire strong a and over him came island looking for work, who were treats ounce %% One to return home. about this introduced to 90 chickens he himself strange

—60 feet of roost. young man and told him there was ( To be continued)

TOBACCO BYPRODUCTS & CHEMICAL CORPORATION a job open if he wished employNicotine Specialists Since 1885 ment. TO A CHILD WATCHING BUBBLES

By Katherine Fernelitts Larsen

RICHMOND, VA. Addison and another sailor

rounder wondering eyes, than your thinblown spheres started working for Mr. Hannwell NO These

air; Of film and

lighter than RECREATION FOR theing nextfrom day.lunchAsattheynoon,werethereturnother No VISITORS! CONFERENCE your buoyant laughter

The SALT LAKE THEATRE, INC. sailor stopped along the way to NowDo theyhere,waft,now there;

a of brawl drunken a stage production thepresents and didn't iridescent, shimmer, See them 5, &hit6thEnglishat the witnessplay "The Boy"April 4, Winslow but never for at all during the Reach, show up work afternoon. Addison there was LYRIC THEATRE on GraspLearn ofthem—quite;beauty; learn how transient at accepted Reservations Mail Order didn't time, but Mr. Hannwell put Is delight. City, Utah Street, 50 Salt Lake No. Main

254 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA....

Q<=.>fl< >n< >fi< >n<,n. >n,;-

ontk l/Uitk M

I TREASURES TO SHARE"By Melvin WestenskowCHURCH PUBLICATIONS

The Greatest Treasure One Can Share With Others Is

An Understanding of the Gospel

The Children's Friend.. of Jesus Christ

'T'he April issue of this magazine feaMISSIONARIES enthusiastically and tures a message from President liberally SHARE this great TREASURE with

George Albert Smith to the children of Investigators of the Gospel the Church. In addition there are timeIn "TREASURES TO SHARE"the author dely features that will prove of interest livers in convenient, systematic, readable

and value: The Easter Story by Dorfashion the essentials of the restored gospel.

othy O. Barker and Wild Flowers of Missionaries, teachers, speakers commend

Palestine by Jennie A. Russ. Other this book. Especially valuable to MISSIONstories are: The Vacant Lot by Ezra ARIES AND INVESTIGATORS.

J. Poulsen; Plink, the Water Drop by

Bob McReynolds; A Clothesline RoPrice $2.00

mance by Irene B. Diehl; and the secCOPIES AUTOGRAPHED

ond part of the serial by Dorothy UPONDER SENTREQUESTDIRECTIF ORTOClapp Robinson, The Ghost of Last THE AUTHOR. DESERET BDDK CO

Chance. ADDRESS: 1106 I AVE. 44 East South Temple Street

LA GRANDE, OREGON Salt Lake City, Utah

Q;=>cThe Relief Society Magazine.. j

Cpecial features in the April Relief

Society are Magazine Jesus—Lord EASY CHAIR COMFORTof the Resurrection B. Colton; by Don:

Our Political Inheritance by G. Homer

Durham; Family in LatterThe Hour

day Saint Homes Grant by Lucy CanLONG RUGGED WEAR non; and Grantsville and the Desert by

Norma Wrathall.

The magazine has its usual exceptional fiction: The Boy There by

Christie Coles; Lund Thunderstorm FINEST by AMERICA'S

E. Knowles;Mary the Through DarkOVERALL Since 1 850 Hazelness by All K. Todd; EterAnd

nity by Carol Read Flake; as well as

chapter four of the serial, Joanna, by

Margery S. Stewart.

There are some special features for the home: Table Settings, and FlowerArrangements by Mary Grant Judd; m HISTORIC For the brideto-be..

and An Easter Party for the Children a National Bible 'by Elizabeth Williamson.

.. or Testament TRAIN

leaves Salt Lake City, Utah bound in WHITE

TesThe Instructor... No.46PWtament withNewPsalms.

Genuine White Fabrikoid binding,President George F. Richards writes JUNE 18, 1949 QUALITY t

of the "Influence of the Sunday for the HILL CUMORAH, MADE roundpresentationcorners, page. theSchool on of Lives Latterday INNAUVOO, No. 63PWTesCARTHAGE,

inSaints,"the issue April of the Innf ta e with m JAMES KING No. DEPENDENCE, KIRTLAND,structor. the of S. pen From Bryant Bible Psalms.122W VERSION in also bound isHinckley a biographical sketch of Denver, Kansas City, ChiWhiteFabrikoid.

President Joseph F. Smith. T. Edgar

Lyon, writing in his series on the Doccago, Cleveland, Niagara trine and Covenants discusses "Why Falls, New York City, WashNational b i b l e s the Restoration Was Necessary."ington, D.C., etc. SINCE 1863... AT YOUR BOOKSTORE

Wallace G. Bennett, former secretary

of the European Mission has an interFor further details, write:

esting article entitled "Behind a Pro- L. D. S. HEADQUARTERS

IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA Igram in Larsmo, Finland."There is VIDA FOX CLAWSON 1

discussion, "Factorsa Favoring SucREST KINGS 301 Zion's MOTEL Savings Bldg. YE Bank

incess Marriage Family Living,"and 5th 526 STREET SOUTH Salt City, Lake Utah

Dr. B. as theas for well Foutz, notes Harold School Sunday Owner Tel. 9-2663 or 4-2017 H. Foutz, Edgar Managerlessons evening and proSunday a

gram for the month of June. Beautvrest Mattresses Throughout

APRIL 1949 255 0MX

Los Angeles 1, California L.D.S. SERVICEMEN'S HOMES OF January 16, 1949 ADDRESSES

Calif. Cor. 24th 1104 24th St., & "C,"San Diego,

Giles: Brother Dear Calif. St., Oakland, Alice 1836

history I read Church your Calif. St., Marysville, cor615 "F"

sense. Recently I was question—yes,it doesn't make at times Torectly,answer but St., Honolulu, T.H. Beretania So. 1594

studying Joseph Smith's story of the first vision and trying to reconcile his statement in DHC that he lived in Manchester, Naval Station Services

New York, at the time, with my own recollections of a visit L. D. S. servicemen are asked to note the following

last summer to Palmyra, New York. The latest copy of the information:

Era came several days after I had spent considerable time in "L. D. S. services are held each Friday at 8 p.m. in

trying to discern just what the correct information was.... Frazier Hall, 245 West 28th St., Norfolk Naval Station,

Again may I compliment you for your excellent article, Norfolk, Virginia."

"Do You Read Church History Correctly?"and wish you

every success with your new publication.

Sincerely, William E. Hartman THE LIGHT TOUCH

Stockton, California Problems Dissolved

January 17, 1949 J. Arthur Rank, the British film producer, was beset by a

Dear Brother Giles: series of problems but seemed unworried by them. "I've found

Correctly?"History "I've joined Church article, said worries,"Rank. Read of putting You "Do a aside my way Your

is a that whenever Club. of much is going to be of issue the Our rule the Era Worry Wednesday in the January

value to future researchers of Church history. worrisome problem comes up, we make a note of it on a piece

I have checked it carefully and found it positively a perfect of paper, and put it in a box which is opened only on Wedexplanation of the situation.... nesday. This takes care of each worry until Wednesday.

Sincerely your brother in the gospel, "Then on Wednesday, when the box is opened, we find that (Signed) D. A. Stone most of the problems have been settled. And those that aren't

are put into the box again until the following Wednesday."

Phoenix, Arizona—Magazine Digest, March 1949, quoting Leonard Lyons.

Dear Era Friends: Editorializing

MY derfulbishopthingtold wasme thatgoingit towashappenpossiblein mythatlife,a butveryI neverwon- "Do you think I should put more fire into my editorials?"

dreamed that it could have been such an honor as to appear "No,"said his editor. "Vice versa."

on the cover of The Improvement Era. I can't express deeply enough what an honor it is. I am aware that it is an imporLost Dog

tant magazine, not only to Latterday Saints, but to the people lost for dog in "I inserted Customer: an advertisement my gospel. truth of the the in knowing are interested who

it? I offered a of been heard paper here. Has anything in I representative a pleasing the might be pray that I only

manner of all the queens from all parts of the country, and reward, of $10.00."

different parts of the world. Office boy: "Sorry, all the editors and reporters are out

Again I say with humbleness and gratitude, thank you so looking for the dog."

much for this high honor.

Sincerely, Imagination (Signed) Dorothy Doyle The reporter returned from an interview.

Las Vegas, Nevada "Nothing.""Well,"said the editor, "what did Mr. Astorbilt say?"

Dear Editors: "Well, then, keep it down to a column."

... I would like to take this opportunity of telling you

Era. I enjoy Improvement husband and The much how my at What's In A Name? I fulfilled writing a report on requirements was of the One

issues consecutive articles twelve from outstanding three least called inquire to struggling author publisher had on a A task, like It goodsized a seemed Era. of Improvement The submitted. about a manuscript had he

it wasn't husband, good of the and Lord help the with my but is publisher, written,"quite well the admitted "but "This my certainly every worth imagined and was difficult as I had so firm writers publishes with wellknown only names."work by

effort put forth. "Splendid!"shouted the caller in great excitement. "My

Smith."Sincerely yours, name's

(Signed) Mrs. Lyle S. Norris

Seasoned Mesa, Arizona Dear Brethren: "Your son is making good progress with his violin. He is

have recently had two accomplishments in our ward beginning to play quite nicely."Wewhich we are very proud of and which we feel is worthy "Do you really think so? We were afraid that we'd merely

enough to report to you. got used to it."

Our ward membership is around five hundred. To be exact

it was four hundred seventyseven the first of the year. Last Touch of Greatness

week at the temple, there were sixtyfive of us attended together as a project of the Special Interest Class in Mutual. "Do you actually mean to tell me your son plays the violin

Last month for our ward conference, we had ninetyeight like Heifetz?"percent of the officers and teachers in attendance and eighty- "Sure—under his chin."

one percent of the ward in attendance for the evening service. <3>

Sincerely your brethren, "That last little thing of yours was charming,"said the

Charles E. Standage, Bishop gushing hostess. "I loved its wild abandon. Was it your own

E. Mel Allen, First Counselor composition?"

Bassett T. Wright, Second Counselor "No, madam,"scowled the lion of the evening. "I was

Robert A. Ball, Ward Clerk putting a new string on my violin."

256 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA

SPEAKING OF. "flWMP''

THIS GASOLINES 007/7/ The Reason - Phillips 66 is "CONTROLLED"* for

Uniform Driving Performance Winter, Summer, Spring or Fall!

Step on the starter... step on the accelerator

... that's where you'll learn the real story of

Phillips 66 Gasoline *PWLUPS 66 GASOLINE

IS DESIGNED FOR Yes, and there's a mighty good reason UNIFORMIY HIGHLEVEL for that smooth power, pickup, and pep—

Phillips 66 is controlled to give you high K ALLPERFORMANCEYEAR 'ROUND.

quality gasoline performance every u v season of the year!

PHILLIPSSSGASOLINE

Atl

*T*Si *'wi

K

: * I *

i#r X

"the boyhood of the year"—- Tennyson

Good earth is man's counterpart. Its seasons run

the course of human life. As Spring goes, so goes

the year; as youth does, so is the man!

And Springplanted seeds of thrift will surely become Autumn's fruitful harvest and Winter's store of plenty.

AUfcjhfp,

George Albert Smith, Salt Uk City. Utah