FEBRUARY 1954

RICHARD L EVANS

cnR 6 TODINE fA, p..

*-S &fr

Beauty and utility blend in this superb

new dinette by Virtue Bros. Seats 3, 4

or 6 with equal and gracious ease.

Stainresistant micalite top in rich

walnut, limedoak or black tweed. Vel-....

vety black metal or scintillating chrome

legs. Chair coverings in washable fabrics

chosen from Fashion's own favorite w array! Fresh, modern and sparkling as

tomorrow's dew.

<k e.v %'A/ fiio/?!o*&r.e

<F BROTHERS OF CALIFORNIA a& *5?4 dinettes for

Ro f leaf TAB LE #658 CHA | RS WITH FOAM RUBBER

85**"'i

".: '

'.. W. Century Boulevard Los AngelesVIRTUE DESIGN BY JAKOBSEN/THERIOT <\i<"nel 45, California ftV uooaG "rante*dHousekeeping *MFG.7 57017 CO.*7 r

See tables7 at all,-,7.BROS.this new idea in dropleaf7 stores leadingfurniture department and

EJXPL * THE I66EST NEW

In Cracker History!

by Dr. Franklin S. Harris, Jr.

Snacks, soups, salads... everything

Animals have been raised at Notre

Dame University with no discovertastes better when it's accented with viruses, bacteria, microorganisms,able the grand NEW taste in crackers—their inside sporesor or on the surface of

bodies. Though several kinds of animals Club Crackers by Purity!

have been raised under these conditions, only albino rats and chickens You'll really go for their rich 'n hearty flavor...

have been bred from germfree parents.

Animals so reared appear normal and inviting new shape... crisp 'n flaky texture.

are capable of reproduction, but they grow more slowly, and the mechanism for burning fat is disturbed with heavy fat deposits in and around organs as a result.

The only member of the orchid family to be used in the kitchen consistently is vanilla. The vanilla fruit

pod or bean is essential to both chocolate and vanilla. Until now the vanilla

plant has had to be propagated by cut-... the

tings and hand fertilization, but now

Knudson of Cornell University has disgrand covered a way to make vanilla seeds germinate, which should help solve problems of vanilla culture. NEW

it can't spider has eight eyes, butHPhe its TASTE * turn to look at objects because head is fixed on its body. Dr. Ralph

V. Chamberlain reports that spiders in

can only see about a foot. Spiders can

tell the vibrations transmitted from crackers I the threadsalong of their webs when an insect has been caught.

The Indians of the South American 4 forest regions use as a staple vegetable food the roots of the arrowroot varietiesfamily. atsweeter are The PURITY'Stractive to ants, so the the bitter kind

is used by the Indians. The ants leave

the bitter kind alone because of the large amount of poisonous hydrocyanic acid.

To remove the acid the roots are shredded, and the juice squeezed out by wringing, then soaked in several changes of water and dried. This

variety, the mayoka, when to be used is dampened, patted into a cake, and baked.

TT uman lungs with all their capillaries ** have an estimated area of 1500 square feet of surface. The total surface

of a good oxygenator in the artificial heartlung machines is about 40 square feet. PURITY BISCUIT COMPANY Salt take Phoenix Pocatello

FEBRUARY 1954 65 the tobaccolung cancer story

A. HOT TnOF NovemberMICE AND1953 Dr.MEN:Evarts by Dr. G. Homer Durham

Graham of St. Louis issued a stateVICE PRESIDENT,

ment to the effect that he and Dr. UNIVERSITY OF UTAH WATER Ernest L. Wynder had reproduced canWHEN cer experimentally in mice by daubing

YOU WANT IT! the tars from tobacco smoke upon the

mice's backs. The experiment demonstrated to the experimenters that there

is something in cigaret smoke which can produce cancer. Dr. Alton Ochsner,

who has specialized in lung cancer operations, has reported that the GrahamWynder study has proved that tobacco tar contains an agent which produces cancer. He went on to say that by produced from tobacco smoke on the

1970 one out of every ten or twelve men skins of mice. cancer—based on whistling in the Whether this was BUY AN AUTOMATIC livingcurrentcansmokingexpect habits.lung dark or a signal for tobaccosponsored

Press reported another statement from mice tween and well become men may ELECTRIC On December 9, 1953, the Associated research to find a valid distinction besaid, "Prolonged and Dr. Wynder, who interesting one of the most developments

heavy use of cigarets increases up to of 1954! Meanwhile medical research WATER HEATER

times twenty all fields the risk of developing in to continues use mice, Your Dealer Buy From cancer of the lung."hamsters, guinea dogs, with pigs, and or Plumber

Dr. Ochsner also expressed extreme meaningful results for mankind. Also,

Be Thriftyconcernmale populationabout theof possibilitythe UnitedthatStatesthe someannouncementof the populationmade in Kirtland,may recallOhio,an of cancer be decimated effect by the February 27, that to the 1833, Use Electricity "will if fifty years, is cigaret another lung in "tobacco... but not good for man,

UTAH POWER & LIGHT CO. smoking increases as it has in the past, an herb for bruises and all sickis

unless some steps are taken to remove cattle...."(D. & C. 89:8.)

the cancerproducing factor in tobacco."

Dr. Ochsner did not mention another

I possibility, that namely, people might THESE THINGS ASK FORHOW TO SAVE MONEY possibility did But, this stop smoking. Bailey Charlene By

on public seating not escape the wise and sharp traders (Young Writer) who follow trends in the New York stock market. Following a symposium care 'not whether worldly wealth is

on the subject at the twentyninth an- I mine, fortune linger at and door. Nor if fame my dentists, the nual meeting of New York

is for thrills all Yearning forgotten, but now Service International on DecemNews fades As childhood these things alone ber 9, 1953 reported a decline in tobacco ask for: I

shares. American Tobacco Company Laughter,

led the losses with $3.75 a share, setting for the world is bleak without it;

Music, a share. at $62.00 1953 low for a new for my heart is full of song;

reflected reports the press same Other Virtue, situation. Tobaccos were sold at sharpso I might walk with head erect;

ly lower prices. The remainder of the Strength

stock market was rather narrowly mixed to help some weary soul along;

This free booklet tells how to get and moderately active. Brokers said the Lovethat my heart may e'er be tender;

the most out of the dollars you pressure developed following publicaComfort spend for folding chairs tion of reports that cigarets can cause I, too, have known grief's stinging lash;

and tables for heavy cancer of the lung. Tobaccos going Honor

duty use. down included American Tobacco, Judgmentthat my soul may not be tarnished;

Reynolds, Philip Morris, Liggett and to separate the pure from trash;

Lorillard. Myers, and Wisdom

copy of send a Please me better to cope with problems; to booklet, free "How your market, of course, has its stock The Seating."Loyalty Public on Save Money

ups and downs. The flurry in tobaccos to give my country aid;

on December 9, 1953 may have been Endurance, but a straw in the wind of fickle market for I know too well my weakness;

Courage was tobacco industry the opinion. But State.

to speak for justice—unafraid; defensive. Mr. Paul M. the 1 already on eyes Observing

Hahn, president of American Tobacco, to see the needs of others

SCHOOL AND was quick to react to the GrahamAnd lend a hand, life's as course plod; they on "distincOFFICE offered a and study SUPPLY Wynder

last, And he, Said men. mice tion"and betweenZCMI important, to the most but me P. 1109 O. Box

it is for a thing effect, one in man of prayer, power to The Salt City 10, Utah Lake tars else I paint it is to for talk God. something with would smoke;

66 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA...FOR PLEASANT

WINTER READING FOR THIS MY GLORY The stirring story of the Mormon Battalion march.

A GREAT MORMON NOVEL Reprinted by Popular Demand The first major work of fiction based on the heroic march of the Mormon Battalion! You'll thrill to the

integrity remained, courage of David and Warren who p*ffcfc all in his adversities, faith unswerving through and $3 00 service to Young. Daring and Brigham Joseph Smith by Paul Bailey

it! and authentic! Read

I CRY JOSEPH THE STORY

of Smith's Evidences Joseph CHURCH OF OUR divine calling. WRY

Petersen Marr by Emma Clark by Edward George OS1PH it to to family your You owe Fiftyfour of evidences Joseph is literature that see good calling as Smith's divine one in their placed hands. What

(/ since the of greatest prophets better reading offered can be the Creation.

incithan the faithpromoting Paper. $1.00 dents of the history of our

q>O.UU church? Cloth.. $1.75

L.D.S. SCRIPTURES THE FIRST 2,000 YEARS

FIRST INDEXED REFERENCE Human History in a Single Volume.

by by Cleon Skousen Gilbert Charles Orme An important book on gospel doctrines $3.25 A marvelous compilafor all thinking people.

tion of nearly 2,000 references on 319 subindexed for—all FAITH YOUR AND YOU reading. No readyjects

by Mark E. Petersen or teacher student,

missionary with great eloquence should be Written and wisdom one. without those awaiting untold benefits who live. rtrtthe by the truth. $3.00 $4.50

USE THIS CONVENIENT ORDER FORM

Please send the following books as indicated:

( ) C.O.D. ( ) MAIL IN YOUR ORDERS NOW Cash

BOOKCRAFT Quantity Title Price 1186 South Main NAME...

SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH ADDRESS ORDER FROM YOUR LOCAL DEALER CITY ZONE STATE.

FEBRUARY 1954 67

SIRtalWMlKrv vJfflclal Lsraan of THE PRIESTHOOD QUORUMS, IMPROVEMENT MUTUALTIONS, DEPARTMENTIMPROVEMENTOFASSOCIAEDUCA-

TION, MUSIC COMMITTEE, WARD TEACHERS, AND OTHER AGENCIES OF

Jke Lkurcn of

of ed.atteraau Sainti

Editors: DAVID O. McKAY - RICHARD L. EVANS

Managing Editor: DOYLE L. GREEN

Associate Managing C. JOSEPHSON MARBA

Editor: Manuscript ELIZABETH - Research Editor:MOFFITT

Jr. ZOBELL, Editor: Family"- "Today'sJ. IRIS PARKEREditor: ALBERT L.

Contributing FRANKLIN Editors:S. HARRIS,ARCHIBALDJR. - HUGHF. BENNETTNIBLEY - - G. LEEHOMERA. PALMERDURHAM

CLAUDE B. PETERSEN - SIDNEY B. SPERRY

General Manager: ELBERT

Business Manager: JOHN R.D.CURTISGILES -- AdvertisingAssociate Manager:Director: BERTHAVERL F. S.SCOTTREEDER -Jhe C*tover

Subscription Director: A. GLEN SNARR

Elder Richard L. Evans, most recently

sustained member of the Council of the

Twelve, is our cover subject this month.

The photograph is by Boyart Studios.

The Editor's Page

Nation UNITY—in the Home—the -Church—the-.-..President David O....... McKay 77

Church Features EDITORIAL AND BUSINESS OFFICES

Street 50 North Main Your Perfect Resurrection Fielding Smith 78 Question—The St. Offices, Y.M.M.I.A. 50 North Main Richard L. Evans of the Council 80 C. Josephson of the Twelve.Marba.. Joseph

St. Offices, 40 North Main Communication..Henry Eyring 92 Y.W.M.I.A.

Salt Lake City 1, Utah New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study—Part 4...Hugh Nibley 88

Copyright Inc., 1954 Funds, by Mutual Corpora- a General Board apMelchizedek Priesthood 112 YMMIA

tion of the Mutual Men's Improvement Young pointees 70 Presiding Bishopric's 114 Page of Association the Christ of Jesus Church

The Church Moves On 72 Latterday Saints. All rights reserved. Subof

scription price, $2.50 a year, in aavance; foreign

subscriptions, $3.00 a year, in advance; 25c

single copy.

Special Features asEnteredsecondclassat the Postmatter.Office,AcceptanceSalt Lake forCity,mailingUtah,

at special rate of postage provided for in section

To Help Guide Our Youth—The Place of Prayer in a Modern World 1918.1103, Act of October 1917, authorized July 2,

Antone K Romney and Henry L. Isaksen 83 The Improvement Era is not responsible for unYou Can Look Forward with Confidence Ezra Taft Benson 84 solicited manuscripts, but welcomes contributions.

In the Steps 2 Stanley Kimball of Abraham—Part 90 Allpostagemanuscriptsfor deliverymustandbe accompaniedreturn. by sufficient The Spoken Square....Richard L. from Temple Evans Word 74, 94, 100

Exploring the Universe, Franklin The TobaccoLung Cancer Story, Change of Address

Homer 66 Durham of S. Harris Jr '65 The**'Power Words, Katherine dress. Fifteen Whendays'noticeorderingrequireda change,for changeplease includeof adslip issue a the magazine. recent address of from Bevis 79 These Times, Of Mice and Men:

unless the old cannot be Address changes made Your Page and Ours...128

is included. well as as the address one new

Today's Family If I Were in. my Teens: Junior's Pride and Joy, Matilda

It's Smart to Be a Latterday Rose McLaren 118 National Advertising Representatives

Saint, LaRue C. Longden..116 Use Greenery In Your Home,

Handy Hints..........117 Louise Price Bell 120 EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Russ Building San Francisco, California EDWARD S. TOWNSEND COMPANY

Stories, Poetry Los 1324AngelesWilshire17, CaliforniaBlvd.

Formula For Fun,:....:..'.:.Estelle Webb Thomas 86 SADLER AND342 SANGSTONMadison Ave.ASSOCIATES

New York 17, N. Y.

These Things I Ask For, Charlene:r 'MoeUy'Page 1..,. 76 DAVIS & SONS

& Note & * Diary, Elaine V. Emans.. 1 25 30Chicago,N. LaSalleIllinoisSt. Frontispiece,"""Washington's Vigil

Frances C. Yost 75 Grandpa, Thelma Ireland 127

Member, Audit Bureau of Circulations

68 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA eTir e*or %t& B9 ECHOMY Smolltra*or

You Get BOTH,,/, e JOHN DEERE 50

It's like having your cake and corn picker... operates powereating it, too—when you own a tracdriven machines and saves the cost

tor that does as much work on most of purchasing and maintaining jobs as more powerful models and auxiliary engines—cuts time and

at the same time, costs little more labor every step of the way.

to purchase and operate than smallYour John Deere dealer is eager er tractors. to show you without obligation

The John Deere Model "50"is just what the "50"will do on your farm.

such a tractor. It has a tremendous Take advantage of his offer. Test its

appetite for work—pulls 3-bottom bigtractor capacity yourself. The

plows in most conditions... 8-foot chances are you'll find the "thrifty

doubleaction disk harrows... 50"is the tractor with all the power

plants and cultivates four rows at a you need—the tractor that will put

time... handles a tworow mounted you on the road to bigger profits.

New 3-point hitch for Models "50,""60,"and "70"brings smalltractor utility field. bigtractor to the and convenience "50"2-3-plow "$0"3-4-p'w "70"4-5-plow choice of tools. with a wide power Available power power

Send for FREE Literature JOHN DEERE Moline, Illinois. Dept C50

Please send descriptive folders on the tractors

Q "60"Tractor I haveD "50"checked:Tractor

D "70"Tractor NameJOHN DEERE R.R.—-BoxMOLINE ILLINOIS TownState-

FEBRUARY 1954 69 *@*S%35/

Francis L. Urry Rulon B. Stanfield

YMMIA General Board

Twoto theappointmentsgeneral boardhaveof beenthe Youngmade

Men's Mutual Improvement Association. Elder Francis L. Urry, a

former member of the board, has now been reappointed, and Elder Rulon appointed. MAKE GOOD FOODS B. Stanfield has been

first to the named Elder Urry was TASTE BETTER after having in 1950 general board served three years as a member of

Fresher! tastiestOnly theraisinsplumpest,are selectedmeatiest,lor Stakethe Emigrationhigh council.(Salt PreviouslyLake City)he

Plump and Meaty Brand. And they come to you had been a member of the stake

as fresh as the day they were packed because Sunday School superintendency, the they're twicesealed in Flav-O-Tite Packages! For Twentyfirst Ward superintendency,

and had served on two stake YMMIA cooking or for delicious eating out of hand, boards, Salt Lake and Granite Stakes.

Plump and Meaty Brand raisins taste better! He is well known throughout the

Church for his public speaking. In

1947 he was the narrator of the cenof the Colorful Treat Dishes for you! tennial pageant "Message

Ages."Elder Urry filled a mission

Eight 3'/2 in. combination Treat Dishes in the Southern States from 1934 to

and Coasters, each a different color, 1936. He and his wife, the former

Leona Virginia Carroll, are the parpacked in an attractive plastic box. Exents of four children.

cellent for gifts. A $1.50 value. Yours He was originally released from the

for 75c and a Plump and Meaty box YMMIA general board when he moved to southern California for top or the red star from a Plump and employment.

Meaty bag. Write direct to Vagim Elder Stanfield, a resident of Ogden,

Packing Co. Get your set of colorUtah, has been serving for three years

athletic supervisor of ful Coasters or Treat Dishes as the YMMIA division 3. Previous to that he was

today. Offer limited. YMMIA superintendent of the South

Ogden Stake. Elder Stanfield is a

member of the Mountain States Conference Officials Association and has

Look for refereed more than two thousand

Plump and Meaty basketball games.

Brand fine fruits In 1953 Elder Stanfield directed the at your grocer's. first allChurch junior softball tournament in Salt Lake City.

1953 He and his wife, the former Ruby

VAGIM PACKING COMPANY FRESNO, CALIFORNIA Byington, are the parents of five daughters. 70 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA It is difficult to write a definition of the American way.

But it is easy to find good examples. Here is one:

Giant boy

Scientists now foresee that the already dramatic Energy from the atom will eventually be a major electrical revolution in this country may be only in source of power, regardless of whether fossil fuels its infancy. are seriously depleted. By century's end, most new

plants generating electricity will operate with atomic

The giant now appears to be a boy, with most of (fission) fuel. Aircraft, battleships, and the like will

his weighty growth still ahead. When such fantastic

measure fuel consumption in grams. gains have already been made—in lights, turbines,

electronics, TV, radio, electrically powered ships, What would converting sea water to fresh, at low trains, factories, homes—where can the imagination cost, be worth to droughtdeviled seaboard cities?

possibly go from here? What are some of the preThis is possible and will be worth billions to the

dictions? public. Storing heat from the sun is another longTake a personal thing first. Millions of homes range project of scientists.

will have heat pumps to heat and cool automatically As simply as we can say it, we are beginning, not—using electricity for fuel. ending, an era of possibilities involving the health,

You can expect to cook food someday by eleccomfort, welfare and defense of the nation.

tronics—in seconds. Electrical incinerators will conThe year 2000 looks big and distant. Actually it

sume your waste paper and waste food. Dust will

is only 46 years away. By then, any puny prognosticabe taken from the air electrically. The day may come

tions made today will have been rewritten many when TV screens hang like pictures on the wall, times. But larger. Electricity has always been a field

with only a tiny wire to the set.

where each new fact generates many more things

Nuclear fuels are on the timetable of the scientists. new. The years should be interesting to watch.

cyw can /nt/ u&aZs cenmwnce inGENERAL ELECTRIC

FEBRUARY 1954 71 the Church moves On

Events A Day To Day Chronology Of Church

to the Council of the Twelve, dedicated Institute of Religion building, which is

November 1953 the chapel of the LaBelle Ward, East adjacent to the University of Southern

Rigby (Idaho) Stake. California campus in Los Angeles.

n Elder Lloyd E. Howard, former sec- L tyL BishopPresidingThorpeBishopricB. Isaacsondedicatedof thethe

combination chapel of the Moroni East ond counselor to President Hugh C. President David O. McKay dedi-

(California) Smith of San Fernando of the Parleys the chapel 13 cated Moroni and West wards, Moroni

Stake, as first counselor, sustained Stake. City) Highland (Salt Lake sucWard, Stake. (Utah)

Russell Elder F. Dailey. ceeding Bishop of the President Stephen L Richards

as Pratt sustained second First D. the chapel President Milton R. Hunter of the James dedicated Presidency

First Council of the Seventy dedicated counselor in the stake presidency. which is used by the Palo Alto and

the chapel of the Iona Branch, Big Horn Menlo Park wards, Palo Alto (Cali- (Wyoming) Stake. General Superintendent Elbert fornia) Stake.

Elder Clement P. Hilton sustained as R. Curtis of the Young Men's MuElder Matthew Cowley of the Counpresident of the Young (New Mexicotual Improvement Association was cil of the Twelve died about 4:45 a.m.

Colorado) Stake, with Elders Howard named a member of the committee of in a hotel room in Los Angeles. He

Arthur Goodman and William Ronald relationships and Exploring of the Nahad gone to that city with the GenEllsworth as counselors. They suctional Council, Boy Scouts of America. eral Authorities to participate in the

ceeded President Willard C. Stolworthy Elder Curtis also was reappointed chairlaying of the cornerstone of the Los

and his counselors, Elders Clifford H. man of the UtahWyoming section of Angeles Temple.

Evensen and J. Oliver Stock. Boy Scout Region 11, and regional vice

president. -j /? Funeral services for Elder MatElder LeGrand Richards of the Wyuta region of the Church welfare i- "thew Cowley of the Council of24 Council of the Twelve left Salt program organized from portions of the the Twelve were conducted in the Salt

Lake City by air to dedicate the school Northern Utah and Salt Lake regions. Lake Tabernacle.

at Sesinga, Apai, British Samoa; LiaWyuta region comprises the Woodruff

College,hona a in Tonga; chapel and stakes in and Wyoming; and Lyman fk -| First Presidency announced TheAuckland, Zealand. Traveling New North Davis, Layton, and Morgan, I w of the President A. appointment

. Elderwith Richards were Evon President Alan W. in stakes Utah. Davis of (Salt Liberty Elggren the Lewis Lake

of president formerHuntsman, the as serves Stake B. of Davis the Blood to City) Stake States Misthe Western

Mission, Mrs. andTongan Huntsman. region chairman. sion, E. Dillsucceeding President Ray

carried RichardsElder a talkwith him of region the welfare Ogden Church a as President served Elggren man.

ing picture containing motion special a organized portions of the from program in in British missionary the Mission for of Saints the themessage South Seas region. in Stakes the Northern Utah later as 192224, superinserved and

from President David O. McKay. Ogden region will be Riverdale, East tendent of the YMMIA in the Salt Lake

Ogden, Ben Lomond, Farr West, Ogden, City Second Ward. He served this

North Weber, South Ogden, Mt. Ogden, ward as bishop for eleven years and

December 1953 Weber, Lake View, and Lorin Farr was a member of the high council of stakes. President Heber J. Heiner, Jr. of the Liberty Stake for a year and a half.

will Sister daughters Elggren and two this mission, and on accompany him 5 ment—theIt was announcedfirst of thisthatvarietya shipto be thechairman.Ben Lomond Stake serves as region

received in America—of Joseph Smith their son, a freshman at Brigham Young

tulips—a new hybrid variety recently a Many of the General Authorities University, expects to join them during

developed in Holland, had been re- 1 v and their wives left Salt Lake City the summer recess.

ceived and would be planted on Temple to attend ceremonies for the laying of The First Presidency announced the

Square. It has been a custom of the the cornerstone of the Los Angeles appointment of Elder Alvin R. Dyer,

Dutch tulip growers to name new Temple. bishop of the Monument Park (Salt

varieties of flowers after prominent Lake City) Ward, as president of the world figures. The bulbs came from M. 1-j President Stephen L Richards of Central States Mission, succeeding

Van Waveren and Sons, Inc. of A the First Presidency laid the - corPresident J. Orval Ellsworth. President

Hillegom, Holland, to PorterWalton nerstone of the Los Angeles Temple. Dyer filled a mission in the Eastern

Company. The color and size of the An estimated ten thousand persons was States 192224, and has been a YMMIA

tulips will not be known here until present for the services which featured superintendent of the Salt Lake City they bloom in the spring. a discourse by President J. Reuben Sixteenth Ward, a member of the bishClark, Jr. President David O. McKay opric of the Fifteenth Ward, a member

the exercises. presided conducted of and the of high council dediDavid the Salt Lake O. McKay 6 President was a half program and Riverside stakes, the The hour and of cated the chapel the East superintendent Midvale Second Ward, East Jordan (Utah) broadcast by radio station KSL and teleof the Yalecrest Ward Sunday School,

Stake. vised and broadcast in the Los Angeles a member of the bishopric of the

Elder Delbert L. Stapley of the Counarea. Later it was televised in the Salt Monument Park Ward, and bishop of

cil of the Twelve dedicated the chapel of Lake City area by KSLTV. this last named ward. Sister Dyer and

the View Ward, Burley (Idaho) Stake. Elder Spencer W. Kimball of the their two children will accompany

Elder EIRay L. Christiansen, Assistant Council of the Twelve dedicated the President Dyer upon this mission.

72 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Families agree on KSLTV

KSLTV is able to telecast the very best in video fare! Not only is

Channel Five affiliated with three national networks, CBS, ABC and Dumont,

but the local studio facilities and production are of the highest quality.

Because of this top Channel Five programming,

Intermountain America does agree

on what they see.

FEBRUARY 1954 73 ttv3v3s>\3sjX9<lXX2sO<? X

You requested these Jke emones and we have made them for you Richard L. Evans

Come years ago Gustaf Stromberg, eminent SwedishAmeri- can scientist, had some significant things to say in one of his scholarly works concerning the memories of men: "A

study of the nature of memory shows immediately that it must be carried by an immaterial structure.... The matter in our brain is continuously changing.... And thus

we have a 'new'brain after a relatively short time...,

and the necessity of an immaterial living structure in the brain, independent of that of atoms, becomes immediately evident. This structure... appears to be indestructible."

... "We therefore conclude, that there are good reasons

INDIA PAPER for the following important assertion: 'The memory of an

EDITION individual is written in indelible script in space and time.'1

deluxe for a thinner, asked You So much for the assertion of an eminent scientist. This is

easy Bible, and compact Pilgrim to handle—bound in color so somewhat reminiscent of the words of William James who

that Christians of all ages would said: "Nothing we ever do is in strict scientific literalness

be attracted to this annotated wiped out."2 This in turn is reminiscent of an ageold scripBible and share in its clear meantural truth: "For as he thinketh in his heart, so is he":i—

ing. Oxford you, For has deand also of the timeless, eternal truth that there is in man Bible. Pilgrim signed a new

29x Morocco, handgrained, leather something beyond matter; that there is in man an everlasting

gold covers, slightly lined, overlapping memories: making of the as to intelligence. eternal now And

5"India Paper edges. Size x 7 3/s". recall will association of train some know when We never thick. or Edition, only lVs"Red

Blue $18.00. Black, red under gold something that was longsupposed to be forgotten. We may

edges $1750. seem to forget the name of the man we met this morning,

but from many years back we may remember the most fleeting impression of something relatively unimportant. (And

this process in the life of immortal man has been going on from the immemorial past and will continue into the endless future.) There is this to remember about memory: It is

easier to make memories than to unmake them. It is easier

to remember than to forget. Indeed, it is quite impossible

to be sure we have forgotten—anything. And since memory

remains, we would do well to look at what we choose to make our memories. We may think it won't matter to see a

sordid scene, to hear a suggestive story, to think an unsavory

POCKET supposition. The sordid this is a shortsighted thought—but EDITION and as do the inspiring remain in memory and the unsightly BIBLE

for Refer- a Scofield asked You so is he."his heart, in "... thinketh as [a man] the beautiful.

Bible small ence enough to hears, he chooses what sees and thinks and what he to fit And or pocket a woman's a man's purse—a Scofield Bible made record (insofar as he has any choice), should be such as would

especially for those who carry be welcome to recall—and not such as he would be ashamed

the Bible with them. For you, to remember. "The memory of an individual is written in

three designed has Oxford new indelible script in space and time."1 Surely we shall judge Bibles, Scofield measeach one

uring only 3-5/8"x 5-7/16". ourselves by the memories we choose to make.

India Paper Edition, 7/8"thick.

I2x Moroccoette, limp, gold edges. yThe Soul of the Universe, Gustaf Stromberg.

Black or Blue $8.50. 2The Laws of Habits, William James.

I3x French Morocco, overlapping covProverb 23:7.

ers, red under gold edges. $10.50.

17x Morocco, leather lined, slightly overlapping covers, gold edges. Black

$13.00. Blue or Red $13.50. Uke SpokiSpoken WoJ"Word FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

At your bookstore PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING

OXFORD UNIVERSITY PRESS SYSTEM, NOVEMBER 29, 1953 Copyright, 1953 114 Fifth Ave., New York 11, N. Y.

IUfafetsojiJ[iLJ(iwJaines Bible, Since l6/5

74 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Photograph by Parley L. Schenk

WASHINGTON'S VIGIL

by Frances C. Yost

Olnveiled by winds and rains, the statue stands,

A silhouette against the changing sky.

This sculpturing has known no human hands.

The carvings of mere man can never vie

With nature's art. His visage hewn of stone

Keeps quiet vigil while the centuries pass.

He watched the Indian braves, the squaw alone,

Her blanket's bright contrast upon the grass.

He watched the trappers, and the mountain men,

And covered wagons, on the westward trail.

pioneers the his glen, homestead saw He *Situated three miles of west Bancroft, Idaho, highway on is a huge cars 30N shale. views speeding of George now, And highway Washington silhouetted on

against the sky. profileThe formation overlooks is the road and

situated side. the south on lofty his heights is stone The he guards estiformation From great command,

the from mated road for and is cause manyto touristsstand someto pausetwentyfivein theirfeettravels.high Father of freedom, father of our land.

FEBRUARY 1954 75 NANCY HANKS WOODS IN SEASON FROM WINTER, TAKING LEAVE

By Beryl Stewart By Viola Esther Base By Lucretia Penny

trees are the here left T Tere the bare and note a upon February leaps Hanks, your Nancy from nameDear * air the * Crisp it. frostladen thin boughs find could Where March the page,

to sleep Breathes five veins already deeper blossoms out,"she "I hung wrote.

I see suddenly eyes, your smokegrayAnd stilled. "I it. hope not you do mind

hair, figure thrushbrownYour your which They're tree a in on yard; peach a

belies quick the wings, small The but brown silly I'm thing, such a of lineage. legend lowly yourThe stronger willed, it I have But always found hard

I failed history to read hasThis gauge here, at Rest of with one rough twig and leave see not Spring."and To loveliness innate dies,Your never which bark.

steadfast independenceYour which denies A last leaf spirals to the wind's chill hark.

heritage. life is circumscribed byThat

The cold stream through the tangled

With faith in true equality for all, bracken wreathes, FEBRUARY BROOK

You taught young Abraham to bow to none And quiet paths lie deep, replete with

And never give an inch if he were right. leaves. By Ethel Jacobson

Unlettered woman in a homespun shawl,

You reared a son, a gentle, valiant son "LJTere whitely sheathed

To lead us through a dark, imperiled night. * * Is the frozen song

That trilled through the meadow

Summerlong WISDOM Quiescent,Spring's warmwaitingbreeze,

To chatter anew By Elaine V. Emans In melodies.

7V woman is wise who knows she dare ** Never relax her vigilance, THE TWILIGHT OF LIFE

Supposing that within her there

Is no dark place of anger whence By Esther Farnsworth

A tiger suddenly might rise.

A woman who guards her friend is wise. row beautiful is the twilight of life,

Even though the world is full of strife.

The richness of experience is ours to enjoy,

NEXUS Life is full of realities, not all alloy.

Our daydreams of youth have not all come

By Beatrice Lagone—Eva Luoma Photo The true,experiences of life change our view.

T Tow strange the heart of man is made We know we must reap that which we sow;

** So like a lute whose strings are played FOOT FAULT We should live our best, that age may glow.

that veer passing breath, withBy winds By Jane Merchant Regrets for the past mend nothing that's life, glad with death. sad with nowNow done,

thought, best use the present, not yearn to be of course, the shining crysWe'd cloud young.How strange the heart of man is made WEtal

To suffer and be unafraid, Of light that lay upon the fields was meant Happiness means perfecting what we possess, us to For upon, walk proud were and we weeping and wailing, in hopes of reNot finding for tears cause joy aWhile a privilege having heavensent such dress. yielding that hopeAnd sorrow us; lightly out stepped the lightcheers. OfTo on we

ness us, at baffle times emotions and moods Our is of strange the heart made, manHow Delighting in a of monotints, world too to discuss. even become rampant They

its boundless can weighed, depth beNor Until the unmarred whitewe saw, upon glorious gospel daily guide, is our The it is the know, rodBut this ness, we in to probest heaven knew God what

That leads our footsteps close to God. A meadow mouse's delicate small prints. vide.

Exclaiming at the feathery tracery

So lacyfine, we grew afraid to stir, The influence of Satan is always at hand,

TIMEWORN AshamedHow hugeatourrealizing,own footprints,suddenly,and that we SeekingGod gavetofreedestroyagency,God'sallowingchosenusband.to choose;

were A wonderful gift which he taught us to use.

By Marian Schroder Crothers So curiously obtuse as not to know

A human should not walk across new snow. Jesus taught us to pray and supplicate

ftthe old barn shows the bitter touch of always;

X time. RAIN AND TEARS This advice to us; for that we give praise.

Within its shadowed depth We are not left to walk blindly along,

No sound is heard. By Dora Toone Brough The words of Jesus lead from darkness to

dawn. wide, emptiness dimThe

to the rain sends the dust wash

Is dust harshly marked God motes by see hilltop, the from valaway, the not from We light, shafts in ofCaught ley, thirsty flowers, hills the Refresh the and eyes, stare vacant with windowsWhile plain; broader, dally. view time to Our no is much

listless in swing doors hugeAnd tears gives to us for bathe our have are those saddened more sympathy waiting. He who We

spell solitude, of utter the inHeld hearts, timing

It stands against the years, And bring us peace, and wash away grief's And reach out a hand to steady their climbLost and alone. pain. ing.

76 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.-fSi'M

(?i>S\5N5vXCN9V

0t/.

m-mm!immv&t.

UNITY in the Home—the Church—the Nation

by President David O. McKay

"Holy Father, keep through thine own tual confidence, unity, and harmony, the progress name those whom thou hast given me, that of the organization is stiflled.

they may be one, as we are. In the nation, the fostering of discord and con-

"Neither pray I for these alone, but for tention has long been recognized as one of the them also which shall believe on me chief weapons of those who would undermine, through their word; weaken, if not entirely destroy freedom.

"That they all may be one; as thou, Inner weakness is more dangerous and more

Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they fatal than outward opposition. The Church is

also may be one in us: that the world may little if at all injured by persecution and calumnies

believe that thou hast sent me."from ignorant, misinformed, or malicious enemies;

(John 17:11, 2021.) a greater hindrance to its progress comes from

faultfinders, shirkers, commandmentbreakers, and

Thus in one of the most sublime prayers ever apostate cliques within.

offered among men, Jesus makes unity preeminent So it is in the nation. It is the enemy from withamong his followers. in that is most menacing.

Unity and its synonyms—harmony, good will, Perhaps the most gloomy, discouraging period

peace, concord, mutual understanding—express a in the American war of independence was when

condition for which the human heart constantly General Washington's army was in Winter yearns. Its opposites are discord, contention, Quarters at Valley Forge. He had fewer than

strife, confusion. ten thousand men. Soldiers were thinly clad,

I can imagine few things more objectionable in some half naked, others with no clothing but the home than the absence of unity and harmony. tattered blankets wrapped around them. "So

On the other hand, I know that a home in which many were sick as the result of privation,"writes unity, mutual helpfulness, and love abide is a one commentator, "so many were without blankets, bit of heaven on earth. There is a sweetness of hats, or shoes that one wonders how the army

life in homes in which these virtues predominate. held together at all."Critical and desperate as

Most gratefully and humbly, I cherish the rememwere these conditions, a greater trial and sorrow, brance that never once as a lad in the home of I surmise, came to Washington when some of my youth did I ever see one instance of discord his friends such as John Adams and Richard between father and mother, and that good will Henry Lee turned against him; when General

and mutual understanding have been the uniting Horatio Gates insulted him by sending reports bond that has held together a fortunate group of direct to Congress instead of to Washington, his brothers and sisters. Unity, harmony, good will superior officer. As carrion hawks hover around

are virtues to be fostered and cherished in every dying creatures, so in Washington's dire calamity home. came men to seek to crush him—men who formed

In branches and wards of the Church, there is what has been called the "Conway Cabal,"a no virtue more conducive to progress and spiritualcontemptible attempt to dishonor Washington ity than the presence of this principle. When and to supplant him by a selfasserting, arrogant

jealousy, backbiting, evilspeaking supplant mu- (Concluded on following page)

<N7STCNTNSN7sC? ItEditor's Page

FEBRUARY 1954 77 THE EDITOR'S PAGE

(Concluded from preceding page) day Saints should have nothing to do with secret schemer. This internal discord and such discombinations and groups antagonistic to the free

agency which God has given to every man, and loyalty from onetime friends were more crushing which "should be maintained for the rights and than were the attacks of the opposing army.

protection of all flesh, according to just and holy

There are and have long been enemies of freeprinciples."

dom in the form of "isms."Only a few of the May the appeal of our Lord in his intercessory

leaders fight openly. Most of them carry on as prayer for unity be realized in our homes, our

termites, secretly sowing discord and undermining wards and stakes, and in our support of the basic stable government and sound principles. Latterprinciples of freedom.

by Joseph Fielding Smith PRESIDENT OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

The Perfect Resurrection

which they belong. All deformities and imperfections will be removed, and the body will conform

to the likeness of the spirit, for the Lord revealed "What will the state of mankind be at the that "that which is spiritual"is in "the likeness of resurrection? This question was raised when that which is temporal; and that which is temporal

discussing the resurrection of the Savior. He in the likeness of that which is spiritual; the spirit

appeared to his disciples with the wounds in of man in the likeness of his person, as also the his hands, feet, and side. When we come spirit of the beast, and every other creature which

forth in the resurrection, will the earthly scars God has created."(D. & C. 77:2.)

we get and the deformities remain? If we The Prophet Amulek has stated the case very

lose a part of the body, like a hand, arm, or clearly in these words:

leg, will we he made whole? The teacher of "Now, there is a death which is called a temour class designated me to get an answer."poral death; and the death of Christ shall loose

the bands of this temporal death....

"The spirit and the body shall be reunited again in its perfect form; both limb and joint shall be

restored to its proper frame, even as we now are at this time; and we shall be brought to stand belittle sound thinking will reveal to us that fore God, knowing even as we know now, and

restoration shall come to all, both old A itraisedwouldwithbe allinconsistentkinds of imperfections.for our bodies toSomebe have"Now,a brightthe recollection of all our guilt.

... both the men have been burned at the stake for the sake and young, both bond and free

of truth. Some have been beheaded, and others wicked and the righteous; and even there shall

have had their bodies torn asunder; for example, not so much as a hair of their heads be lost; but

John the Baptist was beheaded and received his every thing shall be restored to its perfect frame, resurrection at the time of the resurrection of as it is now, or in the body, and shall be brought our Redeemer. It is impossible for us to think of and be arraigned before the bar of Christ the Son,

him coming forth from the dead holding his head and God the Father, and the Holy Spirit, which in his hands; our reason says he was physically is one Eternal God, to be judged according to

complete in the resurrection. He appeared to the their works, whether they be good or whether

Prophet Joseph Smith and Oliver Cowdery with they be evil.

a perfect resurrected body. When we come forth "Now, behold, I have spoken unto you confrom the dead, our spirits and bodies will be recerning the death of the mortal body, and also

united inseparably, never again to be divided, concerning the resurrection of the mortal body.

and they will then be assigned to the kingdom to I say unto you that this mortal body is raised to 78 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA an immortal body, that is from death, even from "And then shall the Jews look upon me and the first death unto life, that they can die no more; say: What are these wounds in thine hands and

their spirits uniting with their bodies, never to in thy feet?

be divided; thus the whole becoming spiritual "Then shall they know that I am the Lord;

and immortal, that they can no more see corfor I will say unto them: These wounds are the

ruption."(Alma 11:4245.) wounds with which I was wounded in the house

Alma testifies to this same thing speaking of of my friends. I am he who was lifted up. I am

the resurrection of our Lord which will give him Jesus that was crucified. I am the Son of God.

power to call forth all of the dead. He says: "And then shall they weep because of their

"Yea, this bringeth about the restoration of iniquities; then shall they lament because they

those things of which has been spoken by the persecuted their king."

mouths of the prophets.

The Prophet Zechariah has also prophesied of "The soul shall be restored to the body, and the body to the soul; yea, and every limb and the Savior's second coming and his appearance

joint shall be restored to its body; yea, even a to the Jews when they will flee from their enehair of the head shall not be lost; but all things mies and the Mount of Olives shall cleave in

shall be restored to their proper and perfect twain making a valley in which they shall seek frame."(Ibid., 40:2223.) refuge. At that particular time he will appear

shall in these are and they say: "What wounds

of others resurrection the not judge must We thine answer, hands? shall he with Those Then

is of Christ. It resurrection the true by Jesus

which I was wounded in the house of my friends."that he appeared to his disciples and invited them (Zech. 13:6.) Then will they mourn, each famto examine the prints of the nails in his hands,

his side, and in his feet, but this was a special ily apart, because they had rejected their Lord.

manifestation to them. We should know that It is true that he also showed these wounds to

the disciples had failed to understand that he the Nephites when he visited with them with was to rise again, and this manifestation was for the same purpose in view, to convince them of their benefit. Thomas was absent, and it was his identity, and give to them a witness of his

with some difficulty that the other disciples could suffering. It can hardly be accepted as a fact

convince him that the Lord had risen. Thomas that these wounds have remained in his hands,

was not worse than any other one of the Apostles. side, and feet all though the centuries from the

Perhaps they would have done just what he did time of his crucifixion and will remain until his had they been absent. The Lord said to them second coming, but they will appear to the Jews

and later to him. "Behold my hands and my as a witness against their fathers and their stubfeet, that it is I myself: handle me, and see; for a bornness in following the teachings of their fathers.

spirit hath not flesh and bones, as ye see me have."After their weeping and mourning they shall be

(Luke 24:39; see also John 20:27.) cleansed.

When the Savior comes to the Jews in the hour of their distress as recorded in the Doctrine and

Covenants, Section 45, verses 51 to 53, he will show them the wounds in his hands and in his JLP *&&<jJLj2$- feet.

THE POWER OF WORDS

From the tiny cradle to the quiet shouted back at her, "I hate you! I

grave, words influence our vast by Katherine Bevis hate you!"

universe. Across the ravine came the echo,

As infants we learn how to speak words that are worth while and not "I hate you! I hate you!"

and use words to express our thinkmeandering into all sorts of byways. Thoroughly frightened, the boy ran

ing, then as adults we learn how Words are a conveyance to visualto his mother and sobbed, "Who is not to speak and how best to use ize our thinking out loud, where soul that bad man over there who shouted, our vocabulary, through deep study, touches soul and the spirit takes fire I hate you?"

and many times through bitter experiwithin. Words play as a symbol upon Taking the boy's hand, the mother

ence. the human mind for instruction and led him back to the edge of the

In Ecclesiastes, we read, "... a inspiration. The words we speak precipice.

of in echoing back to us a wayfool's of have voice multitude by is known she son,"said, "Call out I "Now their leave that imprint on a wayof (Ecc. words."5:3.) love I love you! you!"

lives. careful should our be we How of stringing together mere words No

will make up for the absence of an in choosing the words we speak! The lad did as he was told.

interesting idea, and our listeners will The story is told of a small boy Clearly and sweetly the echo came be quick to detect the emptiness of and his mother who lived high up back, repeating his words.

what we are saying. in the Rockies. "My child,"said the mother, "that

To be able to say the right words One day, after he had been punis the law of life, what you say comes at the proper time is an artistic acished severely by his mother, the back to you to bless you or curse complishment, that is to say, speaking lad ran to the edge of a precipice and you."

FEBRUARY 1954 79 fflfflfflfflffliMMffllWQW

Richard L. and Alice Thornley Evans with their four sons: William, front, and I. to r., Richard L., Jr., John Thornley, and Stephen.

from an accident when a boy of nine and having no chance for formal schooling, David Woolley Evans Richard L. Evans somehow found time to become shortnewspaper writer, grammarian, OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE hand

It is editor, musician, and linguist.

reported that he spoke several foreign by Marba C. Josephson languages, especially French, fluently.

Baptized a member of the Church,

ASSOCIATE MANAGING EDITOR in England, when twentyone years old, he came to Utah alone six years saved and he worked later. Here early in the the gospel to L. accepted devotion Evans'the whoRichard his widto send for money enough These is Church. years of the Restored long inherited from a Church

1 line of worthy ancestors. Likefamily names include: Evans, Neslen, owed mother and five of her youngwise his qualities of mind and spirit Alldridge, Stevens, and Woolley. er children, in 1862. In the sixteen

and many of the lovable and laudable A greatgrandmother, Mary Woolyears he lived in Utah he became characteristics which have endeared ley Evans, died en route to Utah in one of Brigham Young's secretaries, him to millions of Americans seem 1862 and lies buried near Florence, teacher in Brigham Young's school, to be inherited to a remarkable deNebraska, a testimony to the cause first violinist in the original Salt Lake gree. No doubt he is most widely she embraced. Her son, David WoolTheatre orchestra, associate editor of

known for his weekly radio sermon ley Evans, who was Richard's pathe Deseret News. Perhaps he is best

ettes. But those who know him well ternal grandfather, came to Utah in known for his service as official

know of the many other sides of his 1860, and died here when still a Tabernacle reporter where he dislife. young man of fortythree. But he tinguished himself as one of the most

The talents and virtues which are had already lived more abundantly able shorthand reporters of his time.

combined so delightfully in this newand usefully than most men who surRichard Evans'paternal grandest and youngest member of the Counvive to old age. He was born at mother, the wife of David W. Evans,

cil of the Twelve, can be clearly Louth, England, in 1833, and worked was a daughter of Richard Alldridge, traced to his father and mother, and as a boy at the shoemaker's bench writer of early Mormon hymns, through them to the lives of the seven with his father. which are still popular today. Richgrandparents or greatgrandparents Becoming permanently crippled ard's father, John Alldridge Evans,

80 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA John Alldridge Evans, father Florence Neslen Evans, mother Alice T. Evans Richard L. Evans

was one of the sons of this couple. floriculturist of considerable reputachestra of that day, under the baton

When John, the eldest, was eleven tion, and a man of great integrity and of Professor Anton Pedersen, preyears old, his father died, and John dependability. For many years he pared for a major concert, because

had to assume at once the responsiserved in the Eighteenth Ward under he was one of the few people in the bilities of providing for his mother Bishop Orson F. Whitney as ward state who played the bassoon.

and for her own four children, plus clerk, and, later with Thomas A. On his mother's side Richard Evans

two others who were reared in the Clawson, as a member of the bishopis a grandson of Robert F. Neslen

Evans home. ric. He was a penman of unusual and a greatgrandson of Samuel F.

John A. Evans also was shorthand ability. Neslen, both converts to the Church

reporter and musician, which arts he An accomplished musician, John from Lowestoft, England. Samuel

learned from his father. Starting as Alldridge Evans specialized in the Neslen was preparing to become a

an errand boy at the Deseret News clarinet, the bassoon, and other woodMethodist minister when the Mormon

John worked his way up the ladder winds though he gave up playing missionaries found him. He soon

until he became the paper's general professionally when he discovered it joined the Church. He then decided

manager. Also, like his father, John A. interfered with his family life and to give land and money for the buildEvans was selftaught, "selfmade": his Church activities. However, in ing of a chapel so the Saints of his

a devoted Church worker, a keen his later years he was "drafted"native city could have a place to meet.

student of literature and the arts, a whenever the Utah Symphony or- (Continued on following page)

Richard at about 8 years of age. As the choir prepares for a nationwide broadcast in the Salt Lake Tabernacle, with

Frank W. Asper at the organ, J. Spencer Cornwall conducting, and Richard Evans at the

microphone.

FEBRUARY 1954 81.

Richard 1. Evans

(Continued from preceding page)

Later the Neslen family emigrated to

Utah accompanied by fortytwo other

Saints for whom he advanced funds for the trip. They were eight and

onehalf months en route, arriving in

Salt Lake City in September 1853.

Robert Neslen, Samuel F.'s second

son, was also preparing for the ministry and serving as an apprenticepreacher when converted to "Mormonism."He later filled three missions for the Church in England.

Called home with others in 1856 near the time of the Johnston's Army episode in Utah, he reached America but separated from the rest of the party when they went west, so he could take Richard Evans in September 1938 sportscasting the speed trials on Bonnecare of his dying missionary brother, ville Salt Flats.

Samuel Neslen, in New York City.

After Samuel's death, but before reBristol, England, while Elder Robert Richard L. Evans has acquired

turning to Utah, Robert returned to Neslen was filling his first mission. much from these stalwart ancestors as

England to complete a second mission. Elder Neslen, accompanied by Ezra well as having his own inimitable

Taft Benson (greatgrandfather of characteristics.

Robert Neslen was a great devotee the present Apostle) was being preOne side of his nature that the of the theater. As one of his relatives vented from returning to his lodgings radio audience is unaware of is his

heart."at actorsaid, an was "He is that wit a dry has humor. He threatened angry an by mob who also rare a humorist and wasHe its effect. in explosive left a sometimes as violence they with them early in the costumeractor asdoubled relaxed under have moments Tense service. nighttime preaching The productions, beingSalt Theatre Lake relief Brother that the humorous later the became young woman, who character in usually andcast comedy

inject. to able At been has Evans her of Neslen, wife pushed Robertparts.

felt, although no himself has times he

We first take notice of Richard's way boldly through the mob to escort one else ever feels it, that he has not maternal grandmother, Eleanor Stevthe missionaries to the home of her maintained the dignity which he was ens Neslen, when she was a young parents, where they remained for the supposed to have.

convertmember of the Church in night until the mob had dispersed. From his mother Brother Evans

learned the value of a great and enduring love. Although John A.

Evans, Richard's father, died when

Richard was only ten weeks of age,

Sister Evans never allowed the memory of their love to die. The

older brothers and sisters could remember the deep affection that existed between their parents; the

younger ones were made to feel their father's presence and concern and love on every occasion.

Richard himself nearly passed away during the winter after his father's death. He contracted membranous

croup and almost choked to death on several occasions.

The Evans family had their sorrows and hardships, but family occasions have been made much of with the five girls and the four boys who

Mrs. John A. Evans and her nine children, taken about seven years after John A. constituted the family. They enleft Alldridge to right: died: N. (deceased), Front row, family, the father of the Evans,

in E., and joyed one another when they were L., Florence Richard passed (mother, 1940), Neslen Mrs. Florence Evans awav

David W. young, and they have continued to

Second row: Mary (Mrs. Rupert Soderberg), Elizabeth (Mrs. Roland G. Kaiser), enjoy one another, even though death

John Elmer, eldest brother (deceased), Lucille (deceased), and Ruth (Mrs. Milton W.

Cutler) (Continued on page 98) 82 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA To Help Guide by Dr. Antone K. Rotnney

Our Youth and Dr. Henry L. Isaksen

COUNSELING SERVICE, BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

that the very nations which have

The Place of Prayer other.prayed Whythus doare theirat warprayerswithgo eachunanswered? Let us examine prayer

more closely. Men pray not only

in a Modern World when they formally bow before the

Lord, but their very lives indicate the things for which they are praying. In

counselors at Brigham Young is one of the loftiest experiences which this sense everyone prays for that continuous frequently are University, man weAs can enjoy—a desires. are fellowwhich he most What

with a personal people help ship and communion young called upon to in life? desires our greatest What

clarify their thinking with respect God. It is not, then, merely the are our innermost ambitions? Prayer

to the place of prayer in their lives. repetition of words but a continual in the sense in which we are now

Some are caught in a struggle between and everpresent desire for harmony speaking is the settled craving of a the teachings of their parents with with God, rather than the seeking of man's heart.

respect to prayer and the apparent gifts at his hand. Prayer has failed

selfreliance of many of the people in many people's lives because they Prayer is the soul's sincere desire, around them. With the advancement have considered it a duty and an Uttered or unexpressed,

fire of hidden motion a The a sacred rather than as mediobligation in such areasof knowledge in the breast. trembles That can history, privilege. Fortunate if we science, psychology, are wecal and Montgomery—James

some suspect that prayer is being redeclare with the Psalmist, "O God, placed by other ways of obtaining thou art my God; early will I seek If man ever finds peace on earth,

the desired blessings of life. There thee:... it will be because man desires peace

are those who have looked upon "Because thy lovingkindness is beton earth above all selfish interests.

prayer as the "magic lamp"by which ter than life, my lips shall praise Peace must become man's major and they could obtain anything they dethee. most important desire. Why has the

sired. The disappointments which in- "My soul shall be satisfied...."nation's prayer, "Thy will be done

evitably follow such an attitude to- (Psalm 63:1, 3,5.) in earth, as it is in heaven,"been left

ward prayer may lead them to discard Perhaps the greatest testimony to unanswered? Because it was not a

prayer completely or to reconstruct the truthfulness of this concept of prayer of major desire in a Christian their understanding of prayer. prayer as a sacred privilege to comworld. Men as a whole have not

What, then, is the place of prayer mune with a personal God is that worked for peace; they have only

in a modern world? How can we borne by Joseph Smith. In answer to asked for it.

build a foundation of faith in the his humble prayer for knowledge, God If we think of prayer in this light, efficacy of prayer? And how can we the eternal Father and his Son Jesus we see that one's real prayer in life

reconcile our beliefs in prayer with Christ personally manifested themmay not always be the same as his our studies of medical science, history, selves to him, and he declared with outward petition. In our outward

and psychology? power the actuality of the existence petition to God we may ask for one

Basic to an understanding of prayer of God and his interest in his chilthing while our sincere desire is for is the recognition that God is a perdren. We, too, may know that God another. Thus, our spoken prayer

sonality and that he cares for and hears and answers our prayers as he may not be granted. We might then

understands each of us individually. did the prayers of the boy Prophet, complain that our prayers are unDid not Christ tell us, "Are not two of the pioneers, and of the prophets of answered while in reality we have not

sparrows sold for a farthing? and one old. sincerely desired the thing for which

of them shall not fall on the ground We may not assume, however, that we have outwardly prayed. If, on the

without your Father. none of our prayers will go unanother hand, we actually live for our

"But the very hairs of your head swered. Many people who underprayers, we may expect that they

are all numbered. stand these truths find that they do will be answered in the Lord's due

"Fear ye not therefore, ye are of not always receive the blessings for time and in his way.

more value than many sparrows."which they petition the Lord; for exWhat is the place of prayer in a

(Matt. 10:2931.) Also basic is the ample, Christians have prayed for two modern world? It holds the same

truth that prayer is an habitual attithousand years, "Thy kingdom come. place as it did in the lives of the piotude of communion with God and Thy will be done in earth, as it is In neers, who relied upon prayer to obnot just a periodic plea for special heaven."(Matt. 6:10.) Yet when tain the very necessities of life and

privileges based on selfish desires. It we observe the world today, we find (Concluded on page 126)

FEBRUARY 1954 83 You Can Look Forward by the Honorable Ezra 1 aft Benson

UNITED STATES With Confidence SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE

During the past three decades, we have experienced periods of prosEDITOR'S NOTE perity and periods of depression, On January 21, 1954, Ezra Taft Benson had been Secretary of Agriculperiods of peace and periods of war; ture for one year. During this time, in spite of much opposition from many

and now we are in a period of neither sources,agriculturehe andhas forfearlesslythe morecarriedefficientout operationa programof forthe thedepartment.bettering ofTheAmericanfollowpeace nor war. Basically the farm ing statement of policy, taken from an address delivered at the national plowproblem today is the same as it has soing thatcontest,our readersEau Claire,may Wisconsin,know whereinthetheSecretaryfall of lastof Agricultureyear, is reproducedstands on herethe

been for over thirty years. It is this farm program, and why.

how to conserve soil, improve income, and reduce costs, having in mind the welfare of all our people during that period of the business cycle when we Since 1933 practically all farm legisministration has and will do everyhave a buyer's market. This problem lation has been designed to control thing in its power to enhance farm

has become more and more acute as production as a way of strengthening prices in 195354, using the implewe have changed more and more from prices. Some of the legislation has ments at hand.

a country of rural people to a nation supports at seventyfive to ninety perThe President and his cabinet are with only onesixth of our population cent, and some has been mandatory at pledged to this task. A year ago,

living on the farm. Today industry ninety percent of parity. at Kasson, President Dwight D. Eisenand labor have achieved reasonable All of these efforts together have hower told you,

stability with respect to prices and not brought about price stability. "Without any 'ifs'or 'buts'I say

wages. This industry has done by Nevertheless, with all their faults, to you that I stand behind—and the

its ability to adjust production to existing farm programs are the only Republican party stands behind—the

market needs. Labor has achieved legallyauthorized tools we have in price support laws now on the books.

its stability through collective bar1953 with which to fight for agriThis includes the amendment to the gaining, the minimum wage, and efcultural price stability. And as we basic Farm Act, passed by votes of

fective wage contracts. search for improvements, this adboth parties in Congress, to continue

For thirty years and longer we have struggled on the farm front to bring about economic stability for the producers of the nation's food and fiber.

There was the era following World

War I, with its effort to control prices through organized marketing. In the

middle twenties numerous efforts were made to solve the problem. The

Agricultural Marketing Act of 1929 created the Farm Board and the stabilization fund. These efforts

placed major emphasis on marketing.

Then in 193334 production control was tried. First, there was the program to kill little pigs and plow under

cotton. Gradually there evolved the

acreage allotment and marketing quota system which is still in operation. Supplementing this there was

a stamp plan, the school lunch program, and the loan and purchase price—USDA Photo, by Forsythe

support programs. Most of these still

Secretary of Agriculture Ezra Taft Benson shows President Eisenhower a purebred exist. Holstein from the Dairy Experiment Station at Beltsville Research Center.

84 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA through 1954 price supports on basic commodities at ninety percent of parity."That should be a full answer to those people who say that this administration is against existing farm programs because they give the farmer too much. Actually the reverse is true. The present farm programs don't go far enough.

They don't go far enough when it comes to assuring the farmer an equitable share of the national income.

They don't go far enough when it comes to providing incentives for progress.

They don't go far enough when it comes to developing new users and expanding markets for farm products.

They don't go far enough when it comes to encouraging the best uses of our natural resources.

They don't, by pricing commodities—USDA Photo, by Forsythe

out of world markets, go far enough Ezra Taft Benson, Secretary of Agriculture, at his desk in the nation's capital.

in developing and expanding foreign trade. quickly to get our cattle business in know that more consumption is the

They don't go far enough because order by putting beef into consumpultimate answer. We have already

in some cases they price some comtion in record volume. When we bought more than one hundred milmodities out of the domestic market. removed the artificial barriers to dislion pounds of beef. This program

I realize fully that farmers today tribution and consumption that were will continue. We have just comare caught in a costprice squeeze. pricing beef out of the market, it pleted plans for further purchases for

They are being told by some who benefited the cattle producer by gainexport.

pose as friends that this administraing friends for his product rather than I have issued a call for a special tion and the Secretary of Agriculconfounding further his problems. meeting of representative livestock

ture are talking rather than doing, This was of direct and immediate producers, packers, and meat disstudying rather than acting. benefit to the people of the United tributors to meet with us to review

This is utter nonsense. States. everything we have done so far and

Let us look at the record. I charge that the actions of the to look ahead. We will continue to

One of the first actions I recompreceding administration in insisting do our full part in maintaining a mended to the President when I beupon keeping price control and healthy livestock industry.

came your Secretary of Agriculture compulsory grading on meat and Our wheat supply is at an alltime was the decontrol of meat and livelivestock were among the major high. In view of the large carrystock from the shackling hands of contributing factors in creating the over, the law required that I proclaim

the Office of Price Stabilization. This problems we have been faced with in marketing quotas for next year's crop

action was taken within two weeks marketing record numbers of cattle and provide a referendum in which of President Eisenhower's inauguraon a falling market. wheat farmers themselves could detion. that time pipeline the At was

full of beef, dressed and there was a These falling prices created painoverwhelminglytermine their futureapprovedcourse.quotas.TheyIn

great danger that a large portion of ful problems for cattle producers. view of the major adjustments made

the fat cattle coming to market could The drought has intensified those necessary from allout production to not find an outlet at all. The market problems. High price supports for today's lower demands, it is my feelhad been breaking for several months, corn and other feed grains have dising that, under the circumstances, the

long before the November election. couraged cattle feeders., Under the farmers have made a logical decision.

This prompt action stabilized the fat law, governmentheld grain cannot The department will cooperate with cattle market, got beef into consumpbe sold at less than support prices them in carrying out the control protion, and has since resulted in an unless it is in danger of deterioration. gram in an equitable and constructive

improved market. The housewife In spite of these handicaps, we have manner.

was able to give her family more of taken every action we could to help Wheat is a striking example of how the meat products of our farms and solve the problems of beef producers, surpluses lead to controls. In other

ranches, and we were able to move and we are continuing to do so. We (Continued on page 94)

FEBRUARY 1954 85 by Estelle Webb Thomas

Grandma couldn't get it. Neither rags for four or five hours a day, as

could I, for that matter. How you did when you were a girl."

Susie, who never gets the same "But I had a rag carpet to start answer twice when adding two and my married life with. How's your t. Somehtow,

two and thinks milk turns sour bechemistry going to help you there?"iej'Jr lot, it alwa

cause it thunders, should decide to "If I decide to marry,"Sue said 1 \rhen( T&ther peopl take chemistry. But if there's one coldly, "and whether I do or not, it "rrmyMl be ther

thing you learn from being a brother will help in all sorts of ways. This a miaperone."

to a girl like Susie, it's tact. And is an atomic age, Grandma. One Sue gave me

then, I've found if you wait long simply must have a knowledge of she app: eciated

enough, someone's bound to say it of the laws that govern the uninever failed /cn other in a! crisis,for you and if it's the wrong remark, verse—although she puts quite a strain on

they're in the soup instead of you. "Wait a minute!"I interrupted, friendly relations at times. Formy, I

Not bad reasoning, eh? Well, as "aren't you getting into advanced might explain, is Mr. Ferris. Away

Dad says, Sue's education is a family physics or something?"back in antiquity, some kid called

affair. We're all in it together. Sue looked confused, "Well, I only him "Mr. Formula,"and the name

It was Sally who came up with the enrolled yesterday. But it's all the stuck. He doesn't mind. He even

answer. She's Susie's best friend, same thing. One can't go on being laughs if someone absentmindedly

though why, is the sixtyfour dollar blissfully ignorant at such a vital calls him "Formy"to his face.

I wondered if there could be somequestion. Whatever Sally may have, period of the world's history; one

thing in Sally's crack when Susieit certainly isn't tact. While the simply has to—

family handle sensitive Sue with kid took so long to dress next morning gloves, as Grandma puts it, Sally uses "In other words, Grandma,"that she missed breakfast. She

a pickax. Sue was patiently trying shouted Sally (because her granddashed downstairs at the last possible

to explain her choice of chemistry to mother is deaf, she always yells at minute, breathlessly explaining she

I mean about tact?), had overslept, kissed Mother andGrandma, without much success. ours—see what

"It just never would have entered "in other words, there are eleven boys Grandma, and shook hands with Dad.

Sue!"Then she was out of the door calling,my head when I was a girl!"Grandin the class—and

ma said, looking bewildered. "You mean—?""Come on, Johnny, we'll be late!"

"Naturally not, Grandma,"Sue an- "Exactly. Susie's the only girl in "What's the rush?"I grumbled,

swered with dignity. "It would not the class! You understand her sudgrabbing a piece of toast with one

enter my head to sit and sew carpet den interest in chemistry now?"hand and my books with the other.

86 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA But I was pretty sure it was to avoid "Who did you get?"covered one hundred and eighteen

comment on the fact she was wearing "Paul. Lex acted sort of disapuses for the sweet potato?"Sue asked,

her new coral sweater and her pearls. pointed. I think he naturally taking one and looking at it as if it

Susie has been heard to say it is thought, since I'm the only girl, were a molecule or something.

poor taste to wear jewelry to school. Formy would put us together."She "They were created for food!"

It always looks sort of funny to see smiled, selfconsciously, "He said, Grandma said sternly, as if Sue had

Dad and Sue shake hands so formalcoming across the campus, that was been sacrilegious.

ly whenever she leaves the house. an axiom.""Milk, dear?"Mother held the

Susie has always been a great one to "What's an axiom?"pitcher, ready to pour some on the

kiss us all goodbye as if she was "Lex says it's a selfevident truth. troubled waters.

leaving forever. But after Dad had I'll have to learn all those definitions. "Milk provides material for butgone to the office several times, with He talks so cute in chemical terms!"tons, ornaments, telephone instrubig, red kisses here and there, wherAs the weeks went by, Susie began ments—"The telephone cut Susie's

ever Susie happened to light in her using a lot of technical terms around lecture short, and everybody laughed.

hurried flight and been razzed about home. She came back to the table with her

it by the office force, he had it out Lab was fun, she said, and Paul eyes shining. "Lex wants me to go

with her. was a whiz, but she let him do the to the show. Whatever will I do

"Susie,"Dad said solemnly, "you experiments alone at first, while she with these scorched bangs? Guess

and I have been on kissing terms watched. Later, she'd take an active I'll have to curl them, and curled

ever since the day we first met, haven't part. Poor, trusting Paul, I thought. bangs aren't my type."

we?""You know, Grandma,"Susie said, "Surely chemistry has some solu-

"Sure, Daddy. Why?"Sue looked one evening, as we sat around the tion for that!"Grandma sniffed. But

wideeyed and puzzled. fireplace, "wood used to be simply Sue only laughed.

"I want you to understand that, wood, and coal, coal!"As the winter wore on, Susie had

theoretically, we still are,"Dad went dates with Lex fairly often and went on, in the same tone. Then he said, out occasionally with others of her

irritably, "But hanged if I'm going to CHEMISTS classmates, except Paul. Paul never

be the laughingstock of the office! came around. I figured he thought

Would you mind just shaking hands he had done his duty by the femme hereafter?"fatale when he took lab with her, for

Naturally, Sue was a little hurt and Sue was actually a dangerous woman.

said, with dignity, that there were She blew Paul up and otherwise inplenty of people who would be jured him so often he took it as a glad of the chance to kiss her. matter of course. She said, resentBut Dad was firm, and so they simply fully, we didn't need to waste so

shake hands except when Sue has much sympathy on Paul—she didn't

scrubbed her warpaint off. get off scotfree. And it was true.

I don't know what Susie learned She could match acid burn for acid in chemistry class that morning, but burn, cut for cut. (Formy said Sue

I learned why she was taking it. I had the highest record for broken

happened to glance out of the library retorts in the history of the class.)

window at the end of the first period Paul was a shy, quiet sort of guy and saw her coming across the campus who didn't seem to care much for with Lex Brink. He was carrying girls and probably never would after

her chemistry book. She was looking "What is it now?"this experience with Susie. I imagine

up into his face and he was looking "Thanks to chemistry, it's rayon that's why Formy teamed them todown into hers until I wondered and dozens of other things we couldn't gether in lab. He thought Paul

how they could tell where they were get along without."wouldn't lose his head over a girl

going. But since he's the most per- "Got along without 'em once!"companion.

fectly coordinated member of the Grandma said, unimpressed.

basketball squad, of course he couldn't "Oh, Grandma!"Sue's tone said Just before Christmas holidays, Susie

fall down, and no doubt he was guidall the things her lips were too polite came home rather pale and silent.

ing her by radio control. They may to utter. At dinner, she seemed to have no,

learn those things in chem. I Just as I feared, Susie came home appetite. I passed her the hominy

wouldn't know, I haven't taken it. from the next lab session with her and urged her to have some, "You

But I hated to see Sue going all bangs singed. She was very nonknow, corn yields paper, acids, starch,

out for a guy like Lex. I figured chalant about it, and said gaily, and alcohol for motor fuel, and even

we'd have another broken heart to "You should see Paul! He hasn't a as hominy, it's pretty good."

cope with before long. That evening sign of an eyebrow left!"But instead of an admiring smile

I tried to kid her about it a little, "What happened?"for effort, she gave me a look of horbut she was very Big Sister, and I "Well, I was trying to prove the ror.

was demoted to the adolescent again. conception of combustion as oxida- "Never joke about that horrible"Lex? He just happened to walk to tion and got confused—chemistry again!"she said, bursting

study hall with me. I'm not even "Never mind,"Dad said, passing into tears.

to do lab with him. Formy paired the sweet potatoes, "eat your dinner.""Why, honey, what's wrong?"Dad

us off for lab, and Lex has Arthur.""Did you know chemists have dis- (Continued on page 108)

FEBRUARY 1954 87 Harris, Jr.'s 21 excellent new collection

of materials, might add to these lists

New Approaches to atthathisanyleisure.one of Whenthe aboveone argumentsconsiders

makes it very hard to explain the Book of Mormon as a fraud, one wonders if a corresponding list of arguments Boor of Mormon Study against the book might not be produced. For such a list one waits with

by Hugb Nibley interest but in vain. At present the

professor, history and religion, brigham young university higher critics are scolding the Book of

Mormon for not talking like the dean

Part 4 of a divinity school. We might as

well admit it, the Victorian platitudes

Circumstantial Evidence: Entirely consisted of mysteries to be grasped by are simply not there, but what a fatal

apart from the contents of the Book the uninitiated alone, say it was to blow to the Book of Mormon it would of Mormon and the external evibe interpreted only in a "religious"be if they were!

dences that might support it, there sense, or supersede it by something are certain circumstances attending else. The Saints who believed the New Discoveries

its production which cannot be exProphet were the only ones who took Until the year 1947 all ancient plained on grounds other than those the book seriously anyway. (7) There texts in the possession of our schools

given by Joseph Smith. These may has never been any air of mystery and libraries were such documents

be listed briefly: about the Book of Mormon; there is as had survived by accident. Ancient

(1) There is the testimony of the no secrecy connected with it at the writers knew and hoped their words witnesses. (2) The youth and intime of its publication or today; there would be copied, as we learn from

experience of Joseph Smith at the is a complete lack of sophistry or the Roman poets, but no one expected time when he took full responsibility policy in discussions of the Book of that the very paper or leather on 'Mormon; it plays abolutely no role which he was writing would survive for the publication of the book—

proof (a) that he could not have m the history of the Church as a the ages. Perhaps the most remarkproduced it himself and (b) that he pawn; there is never dispute about able type of accidental preservation

was not acting for someone else, for its nature or contents among the in modern times has been that of the his behavior at all times displayed leaders of the Church; there is genizas. Genizas were windowless

astounding independence. (3) The never any manipulating, explaining, rooms or bins connected with ancient

absence of notes and sources. (4) The or compromise. The book has ensynagogues; into these bins were

short time of production. (5) The joyed unlimited sale at all times. thrown all old wornout books of

fact that there was only one version (8) Finally, though the success of scripture to await a time when they of the book ever published. This the book is not proof of its divinity, could be burned with proper reveris most significant. It is now known the type of people it has appealed to, ence, for since such texts contained

that the Koran, the only book claimsincere, simple, direct, highly unthe name of God they could not be ing an equal amount of divine inhysterical and nonmystical, is cirthrown into common trash heaps or spiration and accuracy, was comcumstantial evidence for its honesty. burnt with ordinary junk. Being

pletely reedited at least three times It has very solid supporters. windowless—and having little or no

during the lifetime of Mohammed. The reader, using Franklin S. ventilation, the genizas were occaThis brings up (6) the unhesitating

and unchanging position of Joseph

Smith regarding his revelations, a position that amazed Eduard Meyer more than anything else. From the

day the Book of Mormon came from the press, Joseph Smith never ceased to spread it abroad, and he never changed his attitude towards it. What

creative writer would not blush for the production of such youth and inexperience twenty years after? What

imposter would not lie awake nights worrying about the slips and errors of this massive and pretentious product of his youthful indiscretion and roguery? Yet, since the Prophet was

having revelations all along, nothing would have been easier, had he the slightest shadow of a misgiving, than to issue a new, revised, and improved photograph above The the shows terrain monutainous west of Aqaba. It was throughedition, or to recall altothe book

as this country such his that Lehi and passed people probably their journey through on its limitgether, circulation, claim it the wilderness.

88 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA sionally walled up and forgotten, and Apocrypha as described in Section 91 for the present we are left to specu24 In this, however, we mayso their precious contents—Hebrew of the Doctrine and Covenants lation.

biblical texts of many centuries ago (1833): "... There are many things enlist the aid of a document related

were preserved in safe obscurity contained therein that are true, and to the scrolls, the apocryphal Assumpwhile the Bible texts in continued it is mostly translated correctly; tion of Moses (as preserved in a Latin

use were altered again and again by "There are many things contained copy of the sixth century) in which various learned committees through therein that are not true, which are Moses before being taken up to the centuries. 22 The rediscovery of interpolations by the hands of men. heaven is instructed by the Lord to

some of these genizas has shown to "And whoso is enlightened by the "seal up"the covenant: "Receive this

just what extent our Hebrew Bible Spirit shall obtain benefit thereform."writing that thou mayest know how

has been corrupted through the years; (D. & C. 91:1-2, 5.) The habit of to preserve the books which I shall

the scholar, Paul Kahle, who has scholars right down to the present deliver unto thee: and thou shalt

made the study of the old geniza texts has been to accept or reject apocryphal set these in order and anoint them his lifework, has been at particular works completely, and only since the with oil of cedar and put them away pains to emphasize certain points of momentous discoveries beginning in in earthen vessels in the place which textual criticism which other scholars 1947 has the correctness of the Lord's he made from the beginning of the habitually overlook. One of these is evaluation in Section 91 become fully creation of the world."The purpose

the principle, which should be apapparent. The new documents have of this hiding, we are told, is to preparent enough, that there is only one shown, for example, that such serve the books through a period of

way in which the purity of a text Apocrypha as Jubilees and the Testadarkness when men shall have fallen can possibly be preserved through ment of the XII Patriarchs while full away from the true covenant and long periods of time, and that is to of interpolations are nonetheless would pervert the truth. 25 In his

conceal the text completely from the among the most valuable and auChronicon, in which Eusebius often eyes of men. For years the experts thentic sources we have for the undisplays a really remarkable intimacy

have thought their rules could resurderstanding of early Christianity. with genuine ancient sources (e.g.,

Berossus and Sanchthoniathon) we learn that Noah was ordered in his day "to inscribe in writing the beginning, middle, and end of everything, and to bury the records in the city of Sippar."26

Here we see that there was actually an ancient tradition in Israel, according to which one dispensation would hide up records to come forth in another. Now the newly found Dead

Sea scrolls not only show marked affinities with the assumption of

Moses, but the peculiar manner of their preservation is also exactly that prescribed to Moses: they were found

in speciallymade earthen jars, wrapped in linen which was "coated with wax or pitch or asphalt which proves that the scrolls were hidden in

The above photograph is taken from Aqaba looking east over the plains. the cave for safe preservation, to be

recovered and used later again."27

rect ancient texts in their purity, and To return to our original theme, By whom? The peculiar method of

to this day Westcott and Hort's New the texts that have turned up with storage also indicates very plainly

Testament in the Original Greek is such dramatic suddenness in the last that the documents were meant for still widely used, though we now few years, 23 as if a signal had been a long seclusion, for the purpose of know that we shall probably never given, are the first ancient documents such treatment of documents is exget a text of the New Testament "in which have survived not by accident plained in the Moses text, and to lay the original Greek,"and it is being but by design. They were hidden a roll away with the scrupulous care

seriously questioned whether the away on purpose, to be dug up at a and after the very manner of entomboriginal language of the New Testalater date. It is naturally assumed ing an Egyptian mummy certainly

ment was Greek at all! Only within that during a time of danger for the indicates a long and solemn farewell

the last few years has the true force sect that produced the texts, certain and no mere temporary storage of of I Nephi 14:26 become apparent: members in authority stored the convenience.

'... and they are sealed up to come scrolls away secretly for safe keeping At any rate, we now have proof

forth in their purity, according to the until they could be used again. The both of the tradition and practice in

truth which is in the Lamb, in the intention of the hiders may become Israel of hiding up holy documents own due time of the Lord, urito the known when some of the missing as the only means of conveying them house of Israel."Unless documents scrolls (which are still being held in their purity to the men of another

are actually thus "sealed up,"they back by people who took them secretly and a distant age. With this, one of

invariably suffer the fate of the from the caves) are examined, but (Continued on page 125)

FEBRUARY 1954 89 In the

STEPS of ABRAHAM

by Stanley Kimball

Part 2

-Photos by the author.

The famous arch of Ctesiphon, capital of New Persia (c. 225 A. D.). These ruins are famous for the widest

singlespan vault of nonreinforced brickwork in the world. The arch stands 80 feet high and 125 feet wide.

Waiting for the train to Baghdad Young Gates'Prince of Ur. 19 Journeys have followed. On the first step of

gave me a little time to think were made in comparative safety from the journey, that is, to Haran he could of the day's visit in Ur. How Ur by way of Haran (modern spellhave gone by way of the Euphrates

thrilling it was to have stood atop ing "Harran"), Aleppo, Damascus, or the Tigris. I decided to go at least

the ziggurat, looking northward in and Jerusalem to the Nile Delta. We as far as Baghdad by the Euphrates. 24

the direction of Abraham's migration, know that Abraham himself was a When the train arrived, I found and read from Genesis and Abraham. relatively late traveler along this myself back in the same compartment

This flat country reminded me of the historic road. 20 with the British Tommies that had

time I had stood on the summit of a No one has been able to pinpoint taken the mail to Basra. They had

Mayan pyramid in Chichen Itza. the route Abraham took to Haran. not been very impressed with SindIt was easy to understand how the It is probable, however, that he would bad's old port.

inhabitants of ancient Mesopotamia have stayed close to water whenever There was little of interest to be became the "first astrologers."Here possible. Between Ur and Palestine seen from the railroad between Ur

the heavens can be studied from there are several rivers that he could and Babylon. We passed near the

horizon to horizon.

Abraham was called of God to forsake the land of his birth. Genesis

does not tell us why he was so commanded. It is in the book of Abraham that we are told that it was due

to the idolatry that abounded there.

Abraham's biography tells us that even he was nearly offered as a sacrifice. 16 * Volumes have been written

on the call of Abraham.

He was to go to the land of Canaan (Palestine today). Across the Syrian

desert the journey may have been made in a hurried fortyfive days. 17

But Abraham almost doubled the distance by first going to Haran. ls He

took with him Lot and his wife,

Sarah, his own wife, and his father,

Terah. The preparations of this journey are graphically recounted in Susa

Treasures "The display in of Ur"now on the Archeological Museum in Baghdad.

*Numbers refer to notes at end of instalment. Note the helmet of "Meskalam-dug, of the Hero Land."Good

90 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA The greatness of Babylon is The desolation of Ur, great city that was the "home gone. These are some of the town"of Abraham. What few remains are visible

few remaining ruins. Date trees today we owe to the twelve years of research done by

in the background trace the Sir Leonard Woolley. Abraham may very well have

course of the Euphrates River. trod these streets.

mounds of Tellel-Obeid, Erech, and Hanging Gardens, Daniel in the lions'former grandeur of this present sad

Larsa. den, the great statue of Nebuchadexpanse of brickwork and rubble.

In the fields around the small vilnezzar, Belshazzar's feast, etc. AlexThere is a path from the museum to

lages we saw the fellahin plowing ander the Great died here in 323 B.C. the top of a mound from where you

with wooden plows almost identical Now to visit the city itself! No ruin can see most of what is left. Along

to those shown in Sumerian drawcould possibly come up to precon- the path and everywhere amidst the ings, and working with spades similar ceived ideas of Babylon, but what ruins lie fragments of glazed pottery to those which appear in Assyrian meets the eye is disappointing even and bricks with cuneiform inscriptions reliefs. in a country where most ruins conthat date from early times.

Babylon is a famous Biblical city, sist of glorified piles of mud. Isaiah's The remains of the famous Ishtar

but at the time Abraham passed this prophecy comes to mind: Gate were pointed out. Some of the

relatively brickreliefs of lions are still Babylonway, glazed was unimportant. of visible. 25 It did not assume any amount With an enormous real there;... andwild theirbeastshousesof theshalldesertbe shallfull lieof

importance until Hammurabi made it doleful creatures; and owls shall dwell there, imagination the Hanging Gardens apsupreme throughout the Babylonian and satyrs shall dance there. peared out of the ruin, only to disapplain. 20 The Babylon that we gen- I will also make it a possession for the pear into nothing. I walked over to

of water: pools and anderally think of is the Babylon of bittern, I will what is left of the banqueting hall

destruction, of the with sweep it besom

Nebuchadnezzar (604561 B.C.), saith the Lord of hosts. 27 where Belshazzar is reported to have

fourteen centuries after Abraham. seen the handwriting on the wall.

It is difficult to describe the first In the little museum at the ruins There I reread the story from Daniel.

impression of this fabled city. Who is a scale model of Babylon at its That was a disastrous banquet. Cyrus

does not remember hearing in Sunday height (c. 600 B.C.). From this it is and his Persians were camped outSchool about the Tower of Babel, the possible to obtain an idea as to the (Continued on page 121)

Schoolboys in Samarra, Iraq, lining up for the visitor from America. These young This Mandean is a silversmith in the

Iraqui sang their national anthem for me. bazaars of Baghdad, one of the "Christians

of St. John."

FEBRUARY 1954 91 UNICATION

by Dr. Henry Eyring

DEAN, GRADUATE SCHOOL, UNIVERSITY OF UTAH

all intellibarrier for of this to hear. the overcoming His degree, to read and

epistles willfaith Kelis Miss brought to communication, have Helen and hopeWhengence afrompersonthe Lordreceivesand is ing to communicate that for the to millions. They fairly vibrate with ler. A short time ago, Life magazine

benefit of the people, he will receive the faith and ardor of this great carried a picture of the seventythree- addition to that intelligence."(LoApostle. Not all of our great reyear-old, smiling Miss Keller with

renzo Snow, Journal of Discourses ligious leaders, however, have been her hand pressed against President 5:64.) blessed with this gift of communicaEisenhower's face, following his reHuman beings are born into the tion. How many of us, like Moses, actions by touch. She has been withworld with great potentialities but when commissioned to lead Israel out sight and hearing for seventy

no learning. The knowledge which from bondage, say, "It is too difficult years. One can scarcely imagine

makes the difference between civilized—for I am slow of speech"? (See Ex. more complete isolation. Yet, with

man and the untutored savage flows 4:10.) Exemplifying, in a superlative the help of her teacher, Ann Sullivan,

to us from others in an unending and others like her, Miss Keller did stream from birth until death. All of the impossible and learned to comus are involved in this process of communicate her thoughts better than

munication, and the wellbeing of somany who have no special handicap.

ciety measures directly how well the Communication of information injob is being done. volves both a sender and a receiver.

The industrial world we live in The gospel flows out from the Creator would fall apart without the intense of the world who sees the end from intercommunication of information the beginning. It flows out to all who

through advertising. Thus, the are able to receive it. Too many of

American standard of living exceeds those who are blind and deaf to this the most extravagant dreams of our flow of information foolishly deny the pioneer forefathers. Power machinexistence of the Creator. How much

ery provides each of us with the work wiser they would be if like Helen of forty slaves. Mass production, Keller, they could overcome blindness

made possible by the advertising and deafness and reach out and touch which promotes mass consumption, him.

has created this magic world where Written in the many languages of the American laborer lives better than the world are all sorts of messages did ancient kings. which escape us completely because

The gospel, in all its beauty and we don't speak that particular lanperfection, is effective, also, only guage. We have not found the apas it is communicated. In each propriate Rosetta Stone. The Cregeneration, the gospel needs people ator of the universe has implanted a

like the Apostle Paul to proclaim it Dr. Henry Eyring message in every created thing.

92 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA—Eva Luoma Photo

Tennyson expressed the idea of the far enough, all will guide him back tory of these stars is completely uninter-relationship of things beautito the divine Presence. known. They may long since have

fully in the following words: The scriptures give us a clear unceased to exist. There seems no readerstanding of the concern of the sonable alternative to the conclusion

eternal Father for his children. In that the Creator has methods of comFlower in the crannied wall, both ancient and modern scriptures munication which travel by other

I pluck you out of the crannies. man has received divine communicameans and at speeds unknown and

I here, all, root hold in and hand, my religious the establish to perhaps tions which mortal unknowable man.

if Little I could understand flower—butyou

is it. the universe for those coordinated Somehow, who heed When all, are, all, pattern root all in you and andWhat

I should—"Flowerknow whatin theGodCranniedand manWall"is. space,one contemplatesone cannot helpthe immensitymarveling atof transcendand regulatedthe knownby influenceslaws of physics.which

the wonderful methods of comNor should this seem strange if one munication still remaining to be disremembers that such marvels as

Geologists search for the meaning covered. Thus, the wisest physicists radar, radio, and the telegraph were

to be read into the piledup strata know no method of transferring mesunimaginable a century and a half of the earth much as a historian sages faster than the speed of light. ago. What wonders can we not hope

might turn the pages of an ancient, In fact, built into the theory of relato unravel in the endless eternity damaged manuscript. The astronomer tivity is the idea that matter and ahead? It is interesting to note that

seeks the answer to his questions in energy, as we know them, never travel Orson Pratt raised this same question the depths of space. Still other men faster than light. regarding divine communication and

concentrate on the scriptures alone. Consider now that the universe is answered it in much the same way

The wise man searches all these and so large that the best reflecting teleabout a century ago. Though our

other sources, knowing that all are scopes enable us to see stars by knowledge of the universe is always communications from the same divine light which started journeying toward expanding, the fundamentals of the source and certain that if followed us so long ago. The subsequent hisgospel endure unchanged.

FEBRUARY 1954 93 Let me cite an example that applies

YOU CAN LOOK FORWARD WITH CONFIDENCE right here in this great dairy state.

(Continued from page 85) I submit to you that these are the Last spring we were faced with the commodities, notably cotton, we face actions of an administration, of a problem of what to do about supportthe same problem. President, and of a Secretary of Agriing the price of dairy products.

There have been foolish and panicculture that have the interests of Legally this support rate could have provoking statements that the Defarmers close to their hearts. been anywhere from seventyfive to

partment of Agriculture was neither able nor willing to carry out provisionssupports—thatof the storagelaw regardingfacilitiespricefor *Jke <=Licjht Jhat <=>Leadd to grain were not adequate—that no

concerted action to meet the coming near record harvest was either being jrvtrthep cLlaht considered or taken.

This too is utter nonsense. The Richard L. Evans

facts are that we have gone far be- f\w this question again of the "Light, which lighteth every yond the minimum requirements of man that cometh into the world"(John 1:9): Men seem

the law. to have an urgent sense of searching for something. Indeed

Again, let's look at the record. it may be safely said that most men are searching for someIt is significant that when the wheat thing they are not now aware of having seen. They are

market was being rocked by rumors, not content with only what their hands can touch, with only the department announced that loans what is immediately evident and obvious. And in this searchwould be made on wheat stored on ing there sometimes comes a sense of thinking something

percent eighty to the ground up first for of seemingly the to seeming somehow time—and rate. steadthe usual market The the far distant remember from thought same some yetback—from ied. without accomplished That was farforgotten place. scene, from things sometimes some And

making any such loans. The anare heard which the mortal ear cannot recall having heard

nouncement alone was sufficient. before, but which somehow strike a certain inner sense of

This was only one of numerous truth, a deeply satisfying conviction within the very soul.

actions we have taken to make the Nor does it seem to be unusual to experience that which pricesupport programs more effective seems new and yet which somehow seems not to be new.

for farmers. We have purchased Such thoughts suggest inherently within each man an imenough bins to hold about one hunmortal, eternal intelligence—and such thoughts bring to mind

dred million additional bushels of these lines from Wordsworth:

grain. We have offered loans to

farmers to build their own bins on "Our birth is but a sleep and a forgetting;

highly favorable terms. We have The soul that rises with us, our life's star,

offered private industry guaranteed Hath had elsewhere its setting, storage if they will build additional And cometh from afar...."

storage space. And the 83rd Congress—"Intimations of Immortality"

authorized accelerated tax amortization on new grain storage facilities. All through the centuries men have searched because of some

Again, let's look at the record. inner sense, some light within that led them on to further

When searing winds and broiling light, some faith within that told them that there was yet to be found that which they had not yet found. Indeed,

sun in the drought area threatened most of the significant discoveries that men have made come the livelihood of thousands of our awareness fellow farmers and ranchers, the because of an inner faith in something unseen—an

President of the United States and the within that moves us on beyond ourselves. And with this

Secretary of Agriculture took immeinner urging there comes a kind of wholesome discontent, a diate and constructive action to meet restless reaching from something that once was to something this emergency. greater that will yet be. And so man moves on the eternal

path of progress, led if he will, by the light which lighteth in resulted This prompt action light of life for the petty things shows a every which man—a at receipts in cattle reduction major are, the difficulties, the discouragewhich makes what they

the southwestern markets and imments, the disappointments endurable, which gives patience proved cattle prices. You will recall for the unsolved problems and the unanswered questions,

that the President and I flew from and gives faith for the search and assurance for the future,

Washington to Texas to get firsthand which is in the hands of a just God and loving Father.

information.

for orderly marketing To provide of -Jk<. S5pokQen WorJ"FROM TEMPLE SQUARE

. cattle, a beefpurchase program was

PRESENTED OVER KSL AND THE COLUMBIA BROADCASTING announced. Feed was made availSYSTEM, DECEMBER 13, 1953

able at half price, and credit was ex- (h Copyright, 1953 tended to maintain foundation herds.

94 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA ninety percent of parity. We decided service and the saving of millions of If it is not financially practical, it

to put the support at ninety percent. dollars. will fail. Do you remember the poWe did this after consulting with In the Department we are pushing tato fiasco?

farmers, dairy industry representavigorously our plans for reorganiza- 6. It must be geared to use rather

tives, members of Congress, and farm tion. The principles which we are than storage.

organization leaders, who told us time following have been enunciated in 7. It must solve problems, not crewas needed to adjust to new condithe President's Reorganization Plan ate them.

tions. for agriculture approved by the Con- 8. It must square with American

Our farm credit system is again to gress—which are those of decentralprinciples.

be independent. I am proud of this ization, improvement of service, The only program that can long

accomplishment. President Eisenand economy. We have no ambition succeed is one that is oriented toward

hower in his campaign speech at to build empires or pile bureaucsound objectives, that is workable,

Omaha last year promised to aid in racy upon bureaucracy. We made a and that has the support of farmers,

helping establish a Federal Farm pledge to get agriculture back into and all citizens represented by the

Credit Board with farm representathe hands of the American farmer, Congress.

tion among its members in order and that is exactly what we are tryIt is time to speak bluntly and that sound credit operations would ing to do. plainly on my position. I have not

"not be endangered by partisan politiWe have made extensive use of become Secretary of Agriculture of cal influence."I had worked with the bipartisan advisory committee in the United States to sit idly by wringfarm leaders for years toward such a seeking guidance. ing my hands and let the farmer be

goal. When bills to give more We have announced reseal prosqueezed by lowered farm prices and

farmer ownership and control of the grams for wheat, corn, and oats. highfixed costs.

farm credit system were introduced We have negotiated a new InterWhen I became Secretary of Agriunder administration leadership in national Wheat Agreement at prices culture, I held this view. I hold it

the Congress in March of this year, I considerably higher than in the old now, and I will continue to hold it.

strongly supported that legislation. agreement. My job and your job is to look

We are not building empires in the We have made available thirtyforward.

Department of Agriculture, and we seven million bushels of wheat to At Kasson a year ago, President were happy to see the credit system droughtstricken Pakistan. Eisenhower reminded you—and again

move back closer to you farmers. The We have made food packages avail- I am quoting

legislation passed the Congress and able to the people of East Germany. "We now have at least two years

was signed by President Eisenhower This was one of the most telling in which to plan ahead. We must

August 6. blows against communism of the enuse this valuable time to figure out

tire cold war. sound means and methods of main-

I cannot here detail into go on taining security expanding both and will to act quickly to continue We every action taken will but merely in agriculture. opportunities and We as develop. emergencies they meet list a few major additional items

all of in brains mobilize the will also to continue work on Wewhich have first taken place in these oryour farm overall of agriculbroad mustagriculture—farmers, problems eight months.

leaders, ganization farmwise your satisfied ture until that a have we

Our first assignment was to halt program adequate to the needs of the legislators, your agricultural specialthe deep drop in farm prices which farmers and the people of the United ists and research workers—to join

already was under way when we took States. We are going to the people with us to build and improve our

office. It has not been easy. Let for their ideas on the kind of a farm longrange farm policies and prome point out that between February program we should have in the fugrams."

1951 and midJanuary of this year ture. We are asking farmers, through That's exactly what we're doingthe twentyfour month period just betheir general farm organizations, to today—now.

received by register their opinions. Never beWhat, then, are we planning? Isfore we took office—prices

farmers dropped from 113 percent of fore have farmers themselves had such there going to be a Benson plan?

—anparity eighteenpointto ninetyfive percentdrop. of parity ity.an invitationI urge youandto participatesuch an opportunthrough ThephaticanswerNO. toAs thatlong oneas I isholdan emthis

Whereas the previous administrayour local farm organization in disoffice, there will never suddenly blostion permitted this eighteenpoint cussions of future farm programs. som a plan, secretly arrived at. There

drop, prices received by farmers have As guides in the formulation of will be proposals openly arrived at, discussed, openly deand openlyheld at steady ninetythree or ninetyfuture farm programs, policies and in I veloped full cooperation with yourfour of percent parity every month believe essential if the following are from February through August. we are to continue as a free society: farmcolleges,organizations,and your Congress.your landgrant

also effifor increased the have provide must 1. The program We are in a strange We period—neither ofciency the a constantly of Agriculimproved Department farm economy. peace war. nor I would not be true

ture. We have regrouped the agen- 2. It must fully protect the farmers'to my responsibility if in any way I

cies of the Department for greater freedom of choice. minimized to you the problems we

economy and effectiveness of opera- 3. It must be in the farmers'interface. Adjustment from war and

tion. Further reorganization and ests. inflation is always painful, but we

streamlining of functions are under 4. It must be in the public interest. cannot continue to pin our farm

way. These will result in improved 5. It must be financially practical. (Continued on following page)

FEBRUARY 1954 95 THE CONTINENTAL STYLIST You Can Look Forward

With Confidence

(Continued from preceding page) prosperity on the blood of our sons or the tears of their mothers. The adjustments to a peacetime economy can

be met, indeed must be met. The COMBINATION DOOR powers of the Department of Agriwill

adSCREEN and STORM culturebe fullyandmobilizedthe US toGovernmentmake this justment as easily as is humanly possible.

BEAUTY Before coming out here I discussed Choice of this matter in detail with the PresiOF DESIGN after this to say that I have the distinctive styles Compare shown! design conferencedent. look with confiforward

All of these other comand many binations are available to you by dence. You are not looking down

simply choosing the grids you desire into the abyss of the thirties. We

to the basic door! them and applying are in the fifties and have tools and

built Carefully select of by wood, craftsmen—a DEC-O-DOR is the perare fashioning other tools to build a

fect companion to every style of exsound economy.

terior. I can tell you that President Eisenhower and I both are determined

to do all within our power to protect and improve the living standard

CONVENIENCE oftion,theincludingfarm peoplewhateverof thisparitygreat prona- posals meet the test of the exhaustive consists basic The door DEC-O-DOR of the study farm problem under now for SETS of sumand TWO—of screena

nation's the farmers, the by for glass way Deand yearmer means panelswinter—

to only six grids screws loosen. The aroundute—comfort for you. Changes in a minpartment of Agriculture, and Confor are gress. painting are easily removed and

spaced from the glass for cleaning. America must keep strong if she

is to preserve herself and provide effective world leadership. This strength

must come not alone from armaments and military might. It must be measMODERATELY PRICED uredeconomicin thestrength,integrity,independencemoral courage,of

spirit, and spirituality of her people.

Exclusive patented manufacturing methods are employed and the savings are The effective role you have played passed on to you. Actually a DEC-O- in the cause for freedom must be a

other types over saves you DOR 60% all of to source of deep satisfaction

Fits of storm standard any I believe 1 Vb - you. been there has no inch to door no need add costly doors.jamb—

and unsightly frame parts. more practical contribution to the

ASK YOUR LOCAL cause of peace in all the history of mankind than the millions of tons

LUMBER DEALER of food and fiber this nation has sent abroad to alleviate hunger and proYour Storm Door expresses the vide for other urgent needs.

Individual "personality"of your home. You Like you, I love this country. I

is that sure personality can be for agriculture love a have deep and

Screens. in friendly taste. and good people. interests are their farm My

for choosing by a DEC-O-DOR! Ap-. interests. will I knowingly Never do

finish the plying of choice, your controlled policy anything any or recommend that percan you charm add and ventilation I believe in their will not be will touch, sonal the which which match finish of the rest of your home. best interests.

Great decisions lie ahead of us.

Let us not shrink from them. Let us

in the spirit of men who value the M0RRIS0NMERRILL&C0. approach them with intelligence and

of freedom and who recogBUILDING MATERIAL DISTRIBUTORS attributes (Concluded on page 98) 96 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Beauty that belon

1 954 Crestline Victoria... with performance to match!

Your Ford Dealer cordially invites you to Test Drive the new Ford Ford SEE YOUR FRIENDLY FORD DEALER

F. D. A. F.

FEBRUARY 1954 97 YOU CAN LOOK FORWARD WITH CONFIDENCE J>um&JL (Concluded from page 96) mination to serve you—the farmers

responsibilities that with nize go the forof this carry to help land—and GYMNASIUM it. I faith in tremendous have policies will that a build the ward

healthier, better, and moreenduring EQUIPMENT soundnessfrom a free ofandjudgmentinformed thatpeople.comes free agriculture.

Whatever decisions and actions The basic and typically American we may make, I pledge for myself idea behind any farm program must and my associates a steadfast debe to help farmers to help themselves.

termination to serve you. You have This then is our goal: sound, farmin the Department of Agriculture a run programs, with the Department of

staff of men whose interest is your Agriculture the servant and not the interest. Every one of the devoted master of the American farmer.

men who has joined me in my new With God's help and a united efresponsibilities is united in a deterfort we shall achieve this goal.

ELDER RICHARD L. EVANS OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

(Continued from page 82) played a poor second to the things

You too can have has thinned the ranks. Whenever the Evans family had, and their

basketball Swingup backstops Stationary basketball backstops the Evans brothers and sisters get friends and acquaintances knew and

Wayne rolling (folding) gymtogether even to this day, as one of the appreciated their rare qualities.

seating "inlaws"observed: "It is always a The devotion between Richard

fit to your needs. tailored

installations in schools and happy occasion."Evans and his mother was rare and 50 Over new

year. past during the L.D.S. Churches

or information catalog call or The family had to struggle to make beautiful. In her joy at his accomFor complete

write... ends meet after their father's death. plishments she used to say, "I raised

*?. G. (sulton Co. Yetthat therethe wasEvans'seldomhomea Sundaywas notnightthe himshe hadmyself,"done andmuchheforrecognizedhim. Latterthat

School and Office Equipment Salt Lake City scene of a gettogether for the boys'day Saint ideals were stressed in the 3rd South 65 West

Phone 220425 and girls'friends after church. It home. "Do your duty always,"was

became the social center for "the Sister Evans'watchword. Each was

crowd."Everyone felt free to gather taught to pay his tithing—no matter

there to enjoy the scintillating conhow small an amount he might have to pay; his fast to give offering; to atthat sparkling versation wit and

to his tend FINEST MOVIES duties. Church the Evans'home. abounded in The

entertainments, For Ward classunfailing hospitality and conviviality Sister Evans was sitting alone in firesides, tvork, or home use.

made the gatherings there longre- the Tabernacle at the conference

Featuring... membered events. The things that when her son Richard was sustained

SEAGULL PRODUCTIONS ON money might have bought would have (Continued on page 100)

THE BOOK OF MORMON "The Choice Land""Oliver Cowdery—Witness to

The Book of Mormon"and FOREST LAWN'S "The Living Book Pictures"NEW TITLES 26 films in B. and W. or Color from the New

Testament—13 titles in B. and W. or Color

from the Old Testament moderately priced for classroom use.

NEW ENTERTAINMENT FILMS Walt Disney Productions in Technicolor, 10 excellent Cartoons; "So Dear To My Heart,"

beautiful fulllength feature, and others—

Columbia and Allied Artists.

For dates, costs and details of other pictures available, call or write..,

HILLAM'S Pictures Incorporated 16mm to manager. general father served the Richard Evans'errand Deseret from boy News,

Place 54 Post Office South rare situated the old building Salt Lake City, Utah This Deseret photograph on shows which was News

Phone 3-5417 right is at the stands. standing A. where the Hotel Temple shown Evans Utah John now

of the group, by the tree.

98 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA 2.Masterpieces

ISftftt 4. J. Golden s.OntheWay

of latterday to ImmortalKimball

Saint leaders Claude Richards ity and

Compiled of personality by The N. B. Lundwall willJ. Eternal Life Kimball Golden

be remembered conlong a book Here is Here is J. Reuben Clark, Jr. greatest taining the and loved.

continually which biography has his writdiscourses ana Man sparearth- his his in reverberates searched of ings Church rich his for immorwit, living kling ly valu- a Leaders...our

in sheer his Presented tality. and accumulation able humor, of

.. is with writing greatness interpretations gospel

f price- o realization of. the testiso inspired many scholarlythis and B. Youth and Latterfrom life as selections l. Witnesses eternal less monies.

$4.00 elstanda y it.Saints under-

$3.50 of the Book $2.00 the Church his talks.

of B. Lee Harold Mormon

Compiled by o f Good books problems The Preston Nibley esare many, youth

Concise biographical pecially in the comsketches on all the plicated and modern and the eleven witnesses to life of today. Philthe Book of Mormon osophies change in

are contained in this accordance life conditions volume. one Their with—butthe good? QwwortalitJj

(the witnesses) tesEternal Truth remains

This timonies are preconstant. concernis a go hand carefully book of vital sented and

scrutinized—testito all. Recently remonies that have printed.

never been denied! $2.25 in hand Recently reprinted. $2.75 00$$

9. The io. Restora12. The Gospel

Restored tion of All Through the Church Things Ages William E. Berrett Joseph Fielding

Smith Milton R. Hunter Written in an easy

prinfundamental The style, attractive and to are those who For ciples the of gospel this withbrings book are contained here as of fulness the realize in the grasp the of in outlined series a lay reader unique the gospel, our there of radio broadcasts by of story the Mormon under- 6. an be should President Smith. HisFor Church people the fundaand

those wish who histhe of standing religious philmental 7. Presidents to ii. Gospel the gospel understand has osophy which Christianity tory of tory and its in this fulness, all that has prompted Testament from is New book essential an of accomplished been the by Church Ideals guide. present. the to days them. reprintNewly Modern Preston Nibley $2.75 ed. $3.50

is collection a Here $3.50 President McKay, facts the lives on of Revelation i s mature through h of of Presidents the

It is a the Church. gosof understanding Fielding Joseph

to valuable all guide Smith principles, helps pel to wish become who to better us compreacquainted better two refervolume A divine the great the with Leadnum- hend for ence use workFaith. our ers of - the seven with volof ber religious $4.00 e u "Documentary m to revealed truths as of the History

s e latter us in... the Church"made

usable very by a This is a book days. 0. most 8. David

index. complete Easy learnunlimited for

to read and undering. stand. McKay - volume Two

set—$7.50 Newestthe series.biography of $4.00

$1.00

DESERET BOOK COMPANY

East South Temple, Salt Lake City, Utah If you would like a complete price list of all the 44

Church books carried by Deseret Book just drop us Gentlemen: Please send me the following books as indicated

a postcard with your name and address. Or if you by the encircled numbers:

like, you may attach a note when you order from 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 the handy coupon at the right. Enclosed you will find ( ) check ( ) money order (or)

( ) charge to my account the amount of

Name

State Co. City If Deseret Address Booh

sales tax. Utah residents include 2% - Salt Lake Citv Utah 44>Fa$t South Temple

FEBRUARY 1954 99 RICHARD I. EVANS OF THE COUNCIL OF THE TWELVE

(Continued from page 98) the most of those that were more as a member of the First Council of readily available. He, together with

the Seventy. She thought, "I can't his brothers and sisters, early learned

have heard it right."She hesitated to the value of work and the wise use

ask, but felt she must know. Turning of money. They helped bring up

to the stranger sitting next to her, she each other. Many and varied were

said, "Would you please tell me what his experiences in earning the necesname was read?"sary means. He has been heard to

Ways and means had to be found say that he scarcely remembers going to obtain the education that Richard to school without working at some so much desired. Since his forebears job outside of school hours. He behad educated themselves when there came more mature by thus assuming

were few opportunities, he must make (Continued on page 102)

Jke oLiakt {/[/kick

cLlahtetk 6t>uen Richard L. Evans

See the "SPECIALIST"at It is recorded in the first book of the Bible that God said:

light"(Genesis 1:3)—and from there on DESERET BOOK COMPANY Let there be

through scripture, the great theme, the blessed theme of

Your Bell and Howell light is over and over emphasized: "The Lord is my light"

Special Representative (Psalms 27:1); "Let us walk in the light of the Lord"(Isaiah

2:5); "Then shall thy light break forth"(Isaiah 58:8); "Arise,

(See full page advertisement on the "Specialshine, for thy light is come"(Isaiah 60: 1 ); "Ye are the light of

ist"on opposite page.) the world"(Matthew 5:14); "a burning and a shining

light"(John 5:35); "Let your light so shine before men"

(Matthew 5:16); "Walk as children of light"(Ephesians

Complete Film Offerings 5:8); Christ shall give thee light"(Ibid., 5:14); "a light that

shineth in a dark place"(II Peter 1:9). Among all these

(and many more) is one not yet mentioned, found in the first chapter of John, which speaks of the true light "which

Feature Films lighteth every man that cometh into the world"(John 1:9).

for Ward Entertainments Men do come into the world with a light implanted within—a light that gives them inherently some discrimination between right and wrong, some response to the good, some reversion to the evil. It is true that many laws and manners

Educational Films are man made. But the timeless virtues, the eternal truths,

the ageless questions of right and wrong are not man made.

for use in M. I. A.- As to conscience: It is true that children must be taught the

Relief Society fundamentals of right and wrong. But it is also true that no

matter what men are or are not taught, there is implanted Primary and within something besides custom and convention and manother classes made manners. Even a man who hasn't been taught to have

an acute conscience is not happy if the course of his life is running against the "light."Men are sincerely, wholesomely happy, and at peace in their innermost hearts only

as they allow themselves to be led by light—the light that

light that leads is implanted to truth—"the within—the Deseret light into that which lighteth cometh every man

—and that leads to further light. the world"

Booh Co.

AUDIOVISUAL PRESENTEDJke Spoken,OVER KSL AND\AJomTHE COLUMBIAfrom templeBROADCASTINGsquare AIDS DIVISION SYSTEM, DECEMBER 6, 1953 1400 INDIANA AVE

Copyright, 1953 CITY, SAIT LAKE UTAH

100 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.!

750 hours in use.

New Filmosound Specialist sign with Sapphire jewel parts

cuts maintenance costs! of wear!

Television station WSPDTV in Toledo, Ohio, started using the heavyduty Filmosound Specialist 16mm recording projector on November 6, 1952. Twentyfour weeks later—after

1,584,000 feet of film had been shown with this Specialist—Bell & Howell examined it to detect any signs of wear.

Even under a magnifying glass not a single worn spot was visible on the critical filmhandling parts Wear on the critical parts (shuttle, guide rail, and film tension clips) of a projector causes picture unsteadiness and costly maintenance. But the

sapphire jewels in the Filmosound

Specialist protect these critical parts... ensure clear, easyto-watch movies

... give the Specialist 400% longer

life than an ordinary projector!

To meet your particular 16mm projection needs, many more exclusive features may be added to the basic unit. Filmosound Specialists are sold

exclusively by your Bell & Howell

Special Representative. Mail coupon

for full information.

Bell &Howell makers of the world's finest motion picture equipment

Bell & Howell Company, Dept. B

7177 McCormick Road Filmosound Specialists are available in both Chicago 45, Illinois standard sound and magnetic recording models.

Please send me, without cost or obligation, complete information on the Filmosound Specialist and the name of my Bell & Howell Special Representative.

Name

Organization.

Address

City

County StateFEBRUARY 1954 101 Richard I. Evans

(Continued from page 100) responsibility early in his life, but he never lost the spark of humor that helped him make friends wherever he was and to enjoy life under all conditions.

At the Latterday Saint University he joined in the school clubs and activities. He earned a scholarship to

the University of Utah as a member of the state high school championship debating team. At the Latterday

Saint University he also became prominent for his writing activities. He

served as editor of the Gold and Blue, the school paper.

After his sophomore year at the

University of Utah, he accepted a I Bought MY AUTO INSURANCE at 25% Off from call as a missionary to Great Britain.

It was necessary to gather money

America's Oldest Total Abstainers Auto Insurance Co. enough for the mission. Richard and

record—I provedand thatPreferredI wasRiska totalprovedabstainerthat theywithcoulda goodprotectdrivingme aandfriendOregon,startedin anoutancientfor Washingtoncar, to sell standard with form automobile insurance cost of at a 25% below woolen goods. The going was rough, paying what I had been... That years ago! was five

fact, so rough, in that his companion this the But beginning was only initial... I found the 25% returned, after Richard, but confersaving followed progressive rate was by reductions based on my

own safe driving record. Since I had no accidents my rate went ring by telephone with his family,

down even lower... Today my saving on auto insurance stayed through the summer and

is 44%! earned the funds with which to start

I was surprised that I could save so much—but I shouldn't his mission, and gained experience

have been. I know that drinking drivers are responsible for and confidence in the process, which

thousands of costly accidents and cause other insurance comaided him greatly in his missionary. panies millions of dollars out to pay in claims.. Preferred

Risk pays none of these out on "drinking"losses because it has labors. That summer seemed to be

none. It has none because it insures nondrinkers* only. an important point in his life.

No wonder Preferred Risk has 60,000 satisfied policyholders A few months after arriving in and over $2,000,000 in assets—and issues America's only non Great Britain, he was appointed assoassessable total abstainers policy. No wonder I smile when I ciate editor of the Millennial Star unsay "No thanks, I'm a P. R."der Dr. James E. Talmage, then

*Nondrinker abstainer. means occasional "social"The TOTAL drinker president of the European Mission. If this return is NOT eligible. coupon for an Immediate you qualify,

quotation. Brother Evans has frequently exACT NOW—USE THIS COUPON pressedtaking histrainingindebtednesshe receivedto the painsunder

Please send me complete information about your auto insurance for total ab- r Dr. Talmage, who was meticulous

stainers. I understand there is no obligation. s9 in his own work and demardod the

Name My auvo insurance same care from anyone v > worked

Address Monthexpires: with him. Elder Evans.calls that

City.State. Day he rewrote one editorial, nine times

OccupationYear before Dr. Talmage would accept it.

Age Age of principal driver of auto Age of youngest driverIn 1927, Dr. John A. Widtsoe sucMake of Car Year—No. Cylinders ceeded Dr. Talmage as president of

Body type & Model (Series) the European Mission, and Brother

Use of Car: Pleasure Business To and from work miles one way. Evans continued in the office as asMarital Status of Principal Driver: Married with children sociate editor of the Millennial Star

Single, living at home Single until 1928 when he was appointed

Doff D*1* secretary of the European Mission.

ACCIDENTS* PREFERRED RISK MUTUAL Heand subsequentlySister Widtsoeaccompaniedon a tour Dr.of

INSURANCE COMPANY eleven countries of Europe. During

501 Judge Bldg., Dept. 2, Salt Lake City, Utah the necessary absences of Dr. TalPhone 4-1931 mage and Dr. Widtsoe, Brother Evans 'America's Total Abstainers Automobile Insurance Company"—Sam Morris, President assumed responsibility for the editing

102 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA and publishing of the Millennial Star as well as for other duties of the mission. The influence of the Talmages

and the Widtsoes on his life has been immeasurably great.

When Richard returned home, he again enrolled at the University of

Utah and secured work at Radio

Station KSL as staff announcer. Network broadcasting was then in its

infancy, and the active mind and endless energy of Richard L. Evans

were used advantageously in this expanding institution. He successively

held several positions of responsibility in the program and business operation of KSL and is now serving as a director of that institution. It was

during this time that he began his work with the Tabernacle Choir broadcast. It was not long before he

was writing, producing, and announcing the coastto-coast weekly program, a service he has continued to render nearly twentyfour years, since

June 1930. This service alone has

brought him unnumbered thousands of letters from the great and the humble throughout the world.

In February 1936 Elder Evans became managing editor of The Improvement Era, a post which he filled with distinction. He has since

become one of the senior editors of the publication.

On October 9, 1938, Richard Evans was appointed to the First Councilof the Seventy and the following year OUR CHALLENGE he received the "distinguished service That agriculture, industry and labor direct efforts in 1954 to prounselfish designed toward of programs advancementaward"for "outstanding community aid, of prosperity government with a mote national minimum service"from the Junior Chamber of interference or control.

Commerce of Salt Lake City and was named "the outstanding young man of 1939."As reported by thepress at that time, "decision of the FARM BUREAU PROVIDES

award committee was based on his * An effective voice for farmers and livestockmen...

work on the Sunday morning nationic Powerful resistance against freight and truck rate diswide broadcast by the LDS choir, crimination... A Means for development of policies

for which he writes the scripts as well beneficial to agriculture... * Means for defense of

as makes the announcements; his apagricultural interests in Congress and the Legislature.

pointment to the Council of the

Seventy at the age of 33; his Boy Scout

activities; his international broadcasts AUTO INSURANCE AT COST

of the Bonneville Salt Flats speed (30% premium dividend currently being paid) trials and... his new book, which is

now on the presses."Comprehensive Liability Insurance for Farmers

Brother Evans and his wife, Alice Life Insurance at Cost through Cooperative Life of America

Thornley Evans, who were married

August 9, 1933 in the Salt Lake TemJOIN YOUR FARM BUREAU TODAY ple, are the parents of four sons:

Richard L., Jr., 18; John Thornley,

9. 15; 12; Stephen, and William,

FEDERATION BUREAU STATE UTAH FARM of preserved hasTheir home many 'Salt Lake City, Utah South East 4th 65 of qualitiesthe the Evans and Thorn- (Continued on following page) FEBRUARY 1954 103 Richard I. Evans

(Continued from preceding page) ley homes. Elder Evans has encouraged his children to sink their

roots into the family traditions that have gone into the Thornley acres if t in Kaysville. children HisMere new Mjf * their heritlearned honor to love and Crocket's Rem age on both sides of the family. have

One of his nephews stated that the thing he remembered most about his

Uncle Dick was the good times they pmwes had on the Thornley campground on the lower Weber years ago. He was

Never before could you make real souralways on hand to help them in their fun, building big bonfires for them, cream buttermilk pancakes so light, and swimming with them.

Brother Evans, who feels that he so tender, so easy. It's a simple new had too little time and opportunity

Betty Crocker method... using Sperry for sports in his own early life, has

encouraged his children to engage in

Pancake and Waffle Mix and sparkling football and basketball. He attends

games when he can and encourages pure Wesson Oil. Get both today his sons in their activities.

try these wonderful tasting pancakes. He has set aside both convenience

and pleasure for his work. Although

he may have missed much that he might have done during the past twentyfour years of complete devotion to the Tabernacle broadcast and other work, he has gained much.

In a letter he made the statement that the "recently used phrase from Livingstone, Tear God, and work hard'is a great prescription. I believe that

a man cannot watch a clock or serve Wesson his own convenience or pleasure and accomplish very much in any endeavor."Oil In spite of the fact that Brother

Evans has been intensively engaged in official duties, he has found the necessary time and energy for other *ur Liquid

Sour Cream Buttermilk ationaccomplishmentsfrom the Universityas well. Hisof graduUtah Shortening

with an A.B. degree in English was

followed by his earning an M.A. PANCAKE

degree in economics. He has since WAFFLE MIX

served his alma mater as University e's all you do of Utah alumni president for three

Add Wesson Oil, milk, and years and is currently serving on the egg to Sperry Pancake Mix. board of regents of the University

Follow the simple directions of Utah.

on the Sperry package. He is a member of the Newcomen

Society, of Utah Academy of Arts,

Sciences, and Letters, and of the

Extra lightextra tenderextra good! Made with Author's League of America.

For more than five years he wrote a weekly editorial for a New York newspaper syndicate, which was Wesson published nationwide. His writings ySbemrPANCAKE & WAFFLE MIX have appeared in Reader's Digest,

in numerous other "SPERRY"Qj]AND "BETTY CROCKER"ARE REGISTERED TRADEMARKS OF GENERAL MILLS. INC. Coronet, and

(Continued on page 106) 104 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Drivers find gasoline cost per mile down 20%

To compare gasoline values now with the "good old days,"test drivers at Standard ran popular cars of the 1920's on 1925 gas, '53 models of the same makes on today's gas, and '53 models modified to use 1925 gas.

All cars were driven over the same course, on the same amount of fuel till they ran out of gas. The results may

surprise you.

'JSf'i

:.::: ll*!:m:MF':::::::::::::%i,:::::!*:::... ism: '::: ': -...:..::

Today's gaSOline gives yOU, under comparable 196 miles. Improved auto engines explain part of this

driving conditions, 50% more miles per gallon than—but better gasolines made them possible. You benin 1925! What does it mean to you? Suppose you efit steadily from the competition in research and

started on a trip from San Francisco to Lake Tahoe operating efficiency between Standard and other oil with 12 gallons of gasoline—a route covering all kinds companies. Competition steps up gasoline quality,

of driving. In the old car with 1925 gas, you'd travel helps hold prices down. While living costs have risen

about 131 miles; in the new car modified for 1925 54% in the last 28 years, today's gasoline costs you

...gasoline gasoline you'd go 149 miles; but in the new car with only 22% more a gallon (except for taxes)

today's gasoline, you'd go all the way to Lake Tahoe, cost per mile has dropped one fifth!

STANDARD OIL COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA plans ahead to serve you better

FEBRUARY 1954 105 Richard L Evans (Continued from page 104) periodicals and publications (with articles recently written for Encyclopaedia Britannica and Look magazine). Five of his six books have been

published by Harper & Brothers of

New York. He is also a director of

especially for your the David W. Evans Advertising

Agency.

His membership in the Salt Lake

Rotary club (which he served as president) and with the Chamber of Commerce, has brought him into wide association with the business CkiMmi community. He is at the present

time president of the Bonneville menus Knife and Fork Club.

china One of his greatest satisfactions is held by he in which is the esteem

Chamber by and Rotarians fellow prices his of Commerce and other business and

compromising PERFECT FOR FAMI LY DINNER Mormons.professional Withoutfriends who are not

the religious principles or practices for which his Church stands, Brother COFFEE Evans seems able, in an unusual way, to win the confidence of men of all SHOP faiths and walks of life and return Hotel Utah friendship and understanding in kind,

Max Carpenter, Manager as indicated by the nonMormon

See Uncle Roscoe's P.aytime Party—KSLTV, 4:15 p.m. press when he was named to the

Council of the Twelve.

years have made his name a houseIs the Cljurcl) %ws in His varied activities through the hold word in millions of homes your home quentlythroughoutinvitedthe tonation.speak orHeserveis freas

master of ceremonies at important meetings and dinners both at home and away from home. On these

occasions his quick wit and his sincere, faithpromoting, encouraging -S> S. iX messages that come from the philosophy of his Church and people have

won thousands of friends and admirers for himself and his Church.

Richard Evans'advancement in the

Church has been deserved and steady.

He was made a member of the genEvery week the Deseret News "Church News"Section eral board of the YMMIA in 1935 brings Latterday Saints together. It is an official organ of and served in that capacity for eleven

the contains reports, Church instruction and that and news be in should It every L.D.S. home. this years. He has served as Director of costs very little. Mail

coupon now for information. Temple Square since 1947. He became a member of the First Council

of the Seventy October 13, 1938,

Cbureh, %ws"the youngest member of that Coun143 South Main St., Salt Lake City 1, Utah cil. And in October 1953, he was

Please send me subscription information on the selected a member of the Council of "Church News."

the Twelve, the youngest member

Name of that body.

Address He brings to his new office a seasoned understanding of problems and

CityState..

(Concluded on page 108) 106 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Deepen Your Farming..

Lighten its Overhead

TTERE is wheel tractor equipment that makes hard- -*"*- working horsepower farm deeper.

What happens when you sink tillage tools in behind **%?*:: '$. the AllisChalmers WD45 and CA Tractors? You gain

for Builtin in capacity deep discing heavy cover crop!

That's the 6-foot heavyduty Offset WD45's Disc the advantage of a whole new range of penetrating mounted

Harrow. Available with smooth or cutaway blades. TRACpower and lugging ability! Now you can master the

TION BOOSTER gives you a new conception of penetration. heavier demands of western irrigation farming and livestock ranching—at reasonable wheel tractor costs.

What does it? The tractor's automatic TRACTION

BOOSTER multiplies ground grip and drive when the going gets tough. Specialized heavyduty MOUNTED

IMPLEMENTS—engineered and built in the West

by AllisChalmers—enable every pound of weight and

every ounce of horsepower to perform.

Best of all, you save important money on your tractor investment... and many a welcome dollar on each tool.

There's a "new look"in ranch profit for the years to

New stability and precision in highclearance cultivation—come. You can see it at your AllisChalmers dealer's!

on flat land or beds! They're provided by heavyduty western

cultivator models for the WD45 (illustrated) and CA Tractors. Match any row spacing in minutes, with POWERSHIFT WHEELS. ALUSTRACTOR DIVISIONCHALMERS* MILWAUKEE 1, U. S. A.

Heal plowing power is revealed in the CA Tractor's TwoFurrow, TwoWay SpinnerType

Plow—12inch or 14inch bot-

|T\ toms. Comparable model for

the WD45 offers bottom sizes of 14 or 16 inches.

Choose also from these addiHere are results in pasture and orchard renovation... seedtional AllisChalmers Deep Tillage

bed tillage, too! You get deep stirring action with this 8-foot Tools for the WD45 and CA Tractors: SUBSOILERS, CHISELS,

mounted SpringTooth Harrow for WD45 or CA Tractors. DITCHERS, BEDDING DISCS, BORDER RIDGERS, COILSHANK CULTIOperates with precise hydraulic depth regulation. VATORS, FURROWERS, SCRAPERS, ROOT LIFTERS.

FEBRUARY 1954 107 Richard 1. Evans

{Concluded from page 106) difficulties confronting youth, a trained mind, an ingrained knowledge of the gospel, and, above all, an unshakable testimony of the truthfulness of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday Saints and of the fact that God lives, that Jesus is the

Christ, the Son of God, and that

Joseph Smith was a true Prophet of

God, the one through whom the gospel was restored to the earth to bring and a happiness and salvation to all men A CHURCH WICKS ORGAN who will listen to its message and were built for each other accept its divine principles.

at St. Paul's Lutheran Church, Fairmont, Minn.

F. A. Abrahamson, Architect St. Paul, Minn. Formula For Fun

(Continued from page 87) For a full year, by mail and by longdistance phone, asked, and Susie sobbed, "If I could the construction of the new church and the building evever remember the silly old forof its magnificent Wicks Pipe Organ were carefully formulas! The 1-least little old pinch

coordinated. One week before the dedication was of something makes all the d-differscheduled, the Wicks truck rolled up with the entire ence!"And she started boohooing

organ aboard. It was installed and tone regulated in again.

plenty of time to play its important part in the "What happened, dear?"Mother

impressive dedication services. demanded, anxiously.

If your responsibility is the selection of an organ for "She's blown up the science buildsaid, calmly, ing,""and Grandma building, or a new choose if you must organ a new all for arson."be hanged for building, you'll present your find that the people we'll

from Wicks will make your job much easier. Their Susie wiped her eyes. Grandma's

conscientious cooperation and planning help you sweeping statement made her crime keep costs down and prevent lastminute look small by comparison, just as disappointments. And, most important of all, Grandma intended.

every time you hear its matchless tone quality "N-not the whole building,"she you'll be glad you chose a Wicks. For complete stammered, "j-just Paul!"

information simply write: "Oh, only Paul."Grandma wagged

her head, "Let's hope his mother has other children and won't miss him.

Some people are ridiculously narrowminded about a missing child!"

"Paul isn't a child, and he isn't cried, indignantly. Susie WICKS ORGAN COMPANY HIGHLAND, ILLINOIS missing!"as soon as it him home "They took

happened! Anyway, it was only his

foot and some of his leg. But that

was mostly trousers."

"Suppose we hear about it,"Dad

Ever think what would happen if ') said,nical sighing,details. "butI takespareit whateverus the techhap-

pened was your fault, as usual?"

"Well,"Susie said resentfully, fire were to lay waste your home, "Formy wants us to make experiSee the friendly Agent of the ments! I don't know yet what I did

I noticjust wasn't I guess wrong. FIRE CO. UTAH INSURANCE HOME

I ing closely Lex measured. when in your locality. he glad your to help you check He will

last telling the game was me about policies.

I sick, was you know, when Or see... Friday,

I solution and suddenly saw my to fizz. I hurried and set the basin HEBER J. GRANT & CO. begin General Agents on the floor, and Paul—Paul came

20 South Main—Salt Lake City along and stepped into it!"

"Well?"108 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA "It ate the leg of his trousers quite badly below the knee and—and his

skin, too! He kept saying it didn't hurt much,"she hastened to add, Handiest Helper

"and the doctor said he wouldn't miss too much school, as part of it is holidays!"But Paul evidently didn't hold fora Hundred Chores

for feelings. He sent Sue a funny ChristeasyLowersloadingflat on withoutthe groundheavy

mas card he had written one of those lifting.

"little Willie"verses on:

Lifts on the level to full tilting of "Little Willie's gone to heaven, load.height for travel—no

We shall never see him more, hydraulic Constant control 2 For he what lifts, lowers, adjusts height for thought was H 4!"loading unloading. and Was 2 SO H

Sue made him a cake and wrote Steelets holdsframeplatform,with stakerack pocksides, a little note promising it wouldn't tight box, etc.

blow up in his face. She called up Backs into close quarters to

pick up and deliver loads as quite often, and she and I went to CASE UTILITY CARRIER. desired.

see him several times. But it emMounts in a minute on any Case Tractor with Eagle

Hitch. the lifting Takes heavy Picks barrassed goes to Paul up sprayer, for her to feel so bad hauling. Carries bales, boxes, crates, buildings, yards, gardens, out barrels—feed,of farmstead about the accident. rig, neldi s, orchards water, spray fencing, posts, fertilizer.-v lumber,

"Gives me a chance to catch up Saves steps, time, strength for you. *

on my notes,"he said, "and if you'll bring your notebook over, I'll do it while I'm about it."Sue sent it over

by me because she was going skating with Lex. "Poor Paul can't come back for a couple of weeks because on top of his burn, he got flu! Isn't it awful?"

Susie sang out, dashing in the day after school commenced again.

"That why you look so happy?"

"No, silly! I'm just sick about

hurting him, but guess what?"

"You're cooking up something to finish the job?"I guessed.

"Don't be childish! I'm going to

do lab with Lex! He asked Formy

right out, and Formy couldn't think!"of an excuse so—

Jt happened at the time of Sue's very first accident—with him, I mean.

And as Sue's accidents went, it was a very small one, at that. He actually

got mad and blew up under his own power. He said a chemistry lab was WITH FAMOUS

no place for a rattlebrained girl, and for his part he thought a woman's place was in the home. Susie toldhim that was exactly where she was EAGLE

going, and she intended to stay there and hoped she'd never see his faceagain. HITCH

He said if he could only be sure.. settleshe'd let him keep his face, he didn't You take a single step to platform.

into the torsional low seat with Bodyguardcare whether she it looked at or.. rubber springs. stay oneminute for seatednot. It suited just him it the way hookup of disk Eagle plows, Hitch mountedwas without of any her chemical exharrows, carrier. utility other implements, Low

it.periments on profile tailpipe with exhaust—upright Susie so was upset she couldn't eat optional. tread, Adjustable front and rear—orpipes

her dinner again. I'm certainly dual front wheels if desired. See it at your Case

(Continued on following page) dealer's; send for new catalog. J. I. Case Co.,

FEBRUARY 1954 Dept. B-344, Racine, Wis. 109

Formula For Fun

SUNDAY SCHOOL and (Continued from preceding page)

PRIESTHOOD TEACHERS thankful my appetite isn't tied in with

FOR GROUP TEACHING XT my emotions the way hers seems to

SIZE 30X40 INCHES—PRICE PER CHART—$2.50 be.

I the ever again "Why, big—if

Visual Each Chart is printed in colors cloth on a durable plasticimpregnated which all the bursting nerve!"she kept washable eyelets! Metal on top and bottom for convenience hanging.is of or in mounting

Included with printed on 8[/2"xH"each Visualpaper. Chart is a package of 25 identical copies of the large chart, out, throwing down her fork and

twisting her napkin.

(1) THE BEGINNINGS OF APOSTASY (9) THE LEADERS OF THE CHURCH "Just what did you do, dear?"

(For Priesthood classes) (For courses School 12) Sunday 6 and

The scriptural historical and the General Authorities the evidence of the All of of Church Mother asked, fearfully, and GrandApostasy, facts notable and the of apostasy from its organization to the present time. ma warned, "Better not ask. Leave of Christ from the time to the influence of

Constantine. (10) THE MINISTRY OF CHRIST the rest of us our appetites!"

(2) THE APOSTASY COMPLETE The (ForeventsSundayduringSchoolthe coursesthreeyear10 andministry26) of "Oh, it was nothing! I didn't burn

(For Priesthood classes) our Savior. him or blow him up or anything! I spread The facts and of apostasy from ConTESTAMENT stantine to the present time. (11) THE NEW just wasn't sure what was in this

courses 16 and 26) School (For Sunday

I the label during the bottle, historical events Biblical had and The come (3) THE OF JESUS CHURCH CHRIST off—so Era. first of the Christian 100 years (For School courses Sunday and 26) it uncorked stuck his and it under The earth, Church on from to Adorn8, 16, now.

TESTAMENT THE (12) OLD if nose to see he could tell by the 26) courses 8, 16 and School (For Sunday (4) THE ISRAEL HOUSE OF of the smell."Old events major leaders and (For Sunday School courses 8 and of each the also exodus 10) TheTestament. Shows origin, The growth, dispersion, gathering and peoples. of of the Book Mormon all?""That was of the tribes twelve Israel. of

was superstrong am- (5) (13) (ForTHE SundayBOOK SchoolOF MORMONcourse 28) "Well—it

monia, a big he took and in the whiff and Book of MorHistorical EARLY OF DAYS THE RESTORED CHURCH with together them, (For and mon eventswho recordedrecorded School Sunday courses 6 and 12) well, it knocked down!"him history. contemporaneous The history first from Joseph's vision to the

exodus from Nauvoo.

(14) THE BOOK OF MORMON AND "Oh."

if (6) THE SETTLING PERIOD OF THE (ForTHESundayTIMESchoolOF CHRISTcourse 28) "I don't think he'd have cared

RESTORED 33year CHURCH the of events The all the other so hadn't boys laughed (For School courses 6 Sunday in the lifeBookof Christ,of Mormonand happening and 12) what was the From time. to the present exodus time. the hard. lands during hates same at."Lex being laughed

(7) A UNIQUE CHURCH (15) "It doesn't seem—"Grandma was

courses (For Sunday School THE OF OF MORMON BOOK 6, 12, 14, 16, 26 EVIDENCES 6, 12 and courses 28) and 28) beginning, but Sue went on, "Of School (For Sunday

The distinguishing doctrines Book, of the the and translate Church taken to raise time of The course, quite it did egg a turkey

Jesus Christ divine of Latterday Saints, authenof its proofs important and where many they from. his table hit the came leg. But where ticity. head

(8) (16) YES, OF COURSE WE HAVE all that fuss!"Grandma got up from

THE ORGANIZATION OF THE CHURCH OTHER VISUAL AIDS the table and walked into her room.

(For courses 6, 12, Sunday School 14 and 16)

The operating organization the of Church, its Wein fourhavecolors),many, flannelmany picturesboard scenes,(some printedbook- "I'm still glad I stuck to carpet rags!"

officers the source authority of and for their existence, together Biblical with references to Churchlets, books,History,etc.,andon Churchthe BookDoctrine.of Mormon,Write she muttered.

the same. for free catalog. Although she tried not to show it,

Susie was pretty sober for the next

Visual Arts Publishing Co. does net maintain a retail store. Its business is conducted

solely through mail order, and local dealers. Our nearest dealer is House of Progression, few days. Then, believe it or not,

610 So. in Glendale. Brand,

supplies. and dealer in Salt Our Calif.LakeTheyCityhaveis theL.D.S.Deseretbooks,BookandCo.ceramicIf yourartlocalmaterialsdealer Lex called her on the phone and

does not carry our visual aids, tell him to write to us. asked her to the show, and Sue went

with him. I knew everything was

I patched comup heard them when UiAimL Chiiu (pubUAhiny. I afterward, the and walk ing up fa.

10681 Santa Monica Blvd., Los Angeles 25, California heard him say, as he left that night,

"Lab as usual, tomorrow, Sue?"

"If you can trust me!"Susie

laughed, and ran into the house.

So I was not prepared for what

I saw from the library window next

across the campus, but Lex was not When You Move * morning. There was Susie coming

with her. Neither were any of the

allow three weeks to change your address otherging behindboys, thoughlike theseveralforgottenwere mentagthey were. I blinked twice before I

for recognizedbooks and thelookingfellow downcarryingat herher with that unmistakable expression. (I

enough, directed toward Sue.) He THE IMPROVEMENT ERA should know it, I've seen it often

was limping slightly and looked sort of pale under his black hair, but I 110 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA saw, after a moment, that it was

Paul.

Susie was carrying what looked like a pane of glass, and when they metme in the hall, she showed it to me. BRIGHAM YOUNG UNIVERSITY

"See what Paul made while he was

I'll itsick, admit was kind Johnny!"

I see Prepares could neverof pretty, though YOUmyself doing a thing like that for a girl. He had etched an intricate deFor Tomorrows Tasks

sign of forget-menots (Sue said they the glass, andwere) on in the center, Through—letters, herin fancy name.

"And he did all my notes up so neatly!"Susie added, smiling up at Teaching

him, as if she hadn't halfkilled the A large staff of distinpoor guy a few weeks ago. guished faculty provides

"But what about Lex?"I asked, "I instruction of the highest

guess I'm sort of slow on the upofcalibrefive incolleges,47 departmentsand the take—"Graduate School, School

"That's a postulate!"Sue said, of Nursing, Division of

pertly. Religion and R.O.T.C.

"Or rather an axiom!"Paul corrected"But—buther. did you ditch Lex Research

again I persisted. The last I knew Graduate research in all

she was crazy about the guy. of the departments is

"That was my solution,"Sue said, availablegraduate throughschool, andthe laughing, and Paul murmured some- B.Y.U. is conducting vital

thing that sounded like Q.E.F. studies of importance to

science, schools, business, I could see there was nothing more church, and nation.

to be got out of them then, but that night Susie told me all about it. She

said Q.E.F. meant quod erat faciendum, and that meant "which was to

be done."Then she said she found Services

the etched glass on her desk when B.Y.U. is unexcelled in its

she got to class and her notebook, all servicesa s housing,to students,counseling,such filled upto-date. "But the thing that health, entertainment,

decided mc it had been Paul all the cultural programs, and particiopportunities to sotime and not that big—and not Lex,"pate in music, drama,

said Susie, being generous to the vancial and religious activiquished, "was this verse he had writties.

ten in my notebook. He said he

found it in a book of poetry his mother had, and it described me perfectly! Plan NOW to attend Spring Quarter. Register March 22.

Honestly, Johnny, after a tribute like For information write to the Registrar, B.Y.U., Provo, Utah.

that, what could I do?"

I read the verse:

"You are the spirit of the morning seas, Your Bookdealer now has.. WE OFFER...

You are the awakening and the glad A COMPLETE surprise; ENGRAVING SERVICE

You tint the skies and fill the world Catalogues.From Missionary Portraits to the LargestWith laughter and with light."Gospel Mail Orders Given Prompt Attention

UTAH ENGRAVING CO.

Poor Paul, I thought, dream on! 113 Regent St. Salt Lake City, UtahYou'll be lucky if she doesn't tint Ideals

the sky with flying atoms and fill

Selections from thethe world with detonating hydrogen, HOTEL LANKERSHIM if she keeps on monkeying with Discourses of 7th & BROADWAY chemistry! But I didn't say it aloud. PRESIDENT

After all, I didn't want to spoil that DAVID O. McKAY

sort of lovely, shining look on Sue's IN THE VERY HEART OF face. LOS ANGELES

FEBRUARY 1954 111 Responsibilities Of High Councilors

Stake Presidencies and Their High classified under two principal heads: Third: High councils approve new

Councils (1) judicial; and (2) semiadminis- high councilors and new alternate

trative. Relative to the judicial, the members of high councils. The folof the procedure trials lowing high council from the is quoted MelchizedekTheheadstakeof thepresidencystake andstandsis in chargeat the the Doctrine Priesthood and Coveis found in Handbook, p. 66: "High

of all the ecclesiastical functions nants 102:1223. Under ordinary councilors and alternate members of

that transpire therein. This jurisconditions high council trials do not high councils are to be selected by the

diction includes both priesthood and occur frequently in the various stakes; stake presidency with the approvalauxiliary work—and of course "the therefore, the principal work of high of the high council."However,

bishops are also accountof wards able to the stake presidency."1 The councilorsfunctions, isthetheirmostsemi -administrativeimportant of whenis organizedthe firstorhighwhencouncila completeof a stakerepresent policy and practice of the which is to serve in supervising organization of a high council takes

Church is to have high councilors priesthood activities. This latter funcplace at the time of the reorganization

assist the stake presidency in its great tion will be discussed later. of a stake, there is no high council

work of administering the affairs of to approve the newly established high the stake; however, the fact should Duties and Assignments of High council.

be kept always in mind that high Councilors Fourth: High councils approve

councilors function only under appointment of the stake presidency and First: High councils approve nomipersons recommended for stake offices.

in all of their "... capacities they nees for priesthood ordinations. 3 Stake High councils are also asked by presiare directly responsible to the stake presidencies are given the assignment dencies of stakes to consider and appresidency and attend to such duties of nominating brethren to be orprove persons recommended for all

as may be delegated to them."2 dained to the various offices in the auxiliary offices within the stake.

They are also to pass on any other High councilors play a vital role in Melchizedek Priesthood; and, with

the administration of the stake. Figthe help of the high councilors, they stake business presented to them by

uratively speaking, they constitute the are charged also with the responsithe stake presidency.

right arm of the stake presidency. bility of seeing that every man who Fifth: High councilors advisers to

The degree to which they are faithful, is given divine authority performs his auxiliaries. Stake presidencies appoint

efficient, and willing to work deterfull duty. Initiative for the ordinacertain high councilors to be advisers

mines their value to the stake presition of a priest to become an elder to the stake missionary work, to the dency and goes far in determining rests with the bishops, whose recomSunday School program, to the Relief the progress made by the stake and mendations go to the stake presiSociety organization, to the Mutual ward organizations in which they dency; but the initiative for ordinaImprovement Associations, and to the

have been called to serve. tions of seventies and high priests Primary Association.

The duties and assignments of high within the Melchizedek Priesthood Sixth: High councilors and ward

councilors are very extensive and is to be taken by the stake presidency. work. It is suggested that stake presivaried. Such assignments absorb However, all of these brethren are dencies assign one or more high counmuch time in stakes where the stake to be presented by the stake presicilors to each ward for a given period,,

presidencies fully utilize their high dency to the high council, and in case to be the special agent to the stake councilors in carrying forward the of seventies, they are to be presented presidency there. It is the duty of

Church program. Experience has to the First Council of the Seventy for the high councilor or of high

shown that it is wisdom for stake approval before ordinations are percouncilors so assigned to observe all presidencies to make very extensive formed. the ward activities and see that

use of their high councilors, because Second: High councils approve Church standards and practices are

the progress of the work of the Lord Melchizedek Priesthood presidencies. 4 maintained. Wherever it is found

within a stake and the efficiency with Presidencies of all Melchizedek Priestthat conditions are not as they should be, these findings are to be reported will it is carried forward priests'which quorums, be hood quorums—high to presidency. the stake By beextent to a large by thedetermined elders'quoseventies'quorums,

alert in this assignment, ing high of high councilors by the presithe stakesuse made chosen by rums—are precouncilors can toward do much presidency.stake of the approval the with dency

high council; and in the case of presiventing heresies, apostate practices,,

Judicial and SemiAdministrative dents of seventies'quorums, the apand such tendencies from getting a.

Functions of High Councils proval of the First Council of the foothold in the Church. The net.

The numerous duties and assignSeventy is also obtained by the stake result tends toward unity in the wards,, ments of high councilors may be presidency. in the stakes, and throughout the

entire Church in carrying forward the 5663. pp. Priesthood Handbook, p. 10. sIbid., 1Melchizedek 6667. work of the Lord. In their assignHbid., pp. Hbid., pp. 1011.

112 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA.

Priesthood

merits to work with wards, the high throughout the stakes of Zion will The stake Melchizedek Priesthood commitcouncilors serve as messengers for the become more devoted to the Church tee represents the stake presidency in the stake presidency. Also, the auditing and more faithful in keeping the comofdirectionthe Melchizedekand supervisionPriesthoodof allwithinquorumsthe

of the ward financial accounts is done mandments. Thus the building of the stake. This committee is appointed to be

by these special agents. kingdom will go forth rapidly and an aid to the stake presidency. 7

Seventh: High councilors as home effectively. Among the chief functions of this

missionaries. A very important asTenth: High councilors and elders'committee are:

signment given to high councilors by quorums. Of all assignments con- 1 To train quorum officers in their

the stake presidency is to serve as nected with Melchizedek Priestduties so they may become effective in home missionaries in the various hood work, high councilors could their leadership;

wards. It is suggested to high counprobably do the most needed and 2. To keep the stake presidency incil members that in performing this effective work with the elders'quoformed so that quorums are kept orassignment they preach gospel serrums. Their efforts will result in an ganized;

mons and not spend their time on untold amount of good by helping 3. To receive and audit reports and

travelogues and other similar types further the work of the Lord in dilisend them on to the general priestof material. The Latterday Saints gently and intelligently working with hood committee at church headare hungry for the gospel of Jesus the various elders'quorums of their quarters;

Christ and are eager to have it taught stakes. The men holding the office 4. To see that all Melchizedek

to them. This assignment gives high of elder in the Church constitute the Priesthood officers are thoroughly incouncilors a marvelous opportunity majority of the adult male memberstructed in the items which appear

to do much good in teaching basic ship, thereby furnishing a marvelous on the Melchizedek Priesthood page doctrines such as the laws of tithing opportunity to the high councilors in The Improvement Era and also and fast offerings, the Word of Wisassigned to work with that group. in the special leaflet published monthdom chastity, eternal marriage, honTheir efforts should be directed

esty, and etc. towards helping to increase the activiThe proper functioning of this comEighth: High councilors and misties in the various elders'quorums, mittee constitutes one of the major

cellaneous assignments. High counresulting in an increase in the rightassignments of high council members.

cilors also receive a number of eousness of the members in general miscellaneous assignments, such as and of their families. Activities High Councilors are

supervising buildings and grounds of Stake presidencies and high counNot Authorized to Do both ward and stake, and acting as cilors should keep in mind the fact First: High councilors only semimusic supervisors. Also, they serve that there are no other assignments administrative officers. Since high

on task committees as appointed by in the stakes which need the work councilors are not administrative ofthe stake presidency, and receive of high councilors more than does the ficers, they are not authorized to numerous other assignments as needs elders'program, and probably nopreside over quorums of elders, sevenarise. where else could high councilors do ties, or high priests when they are

Ninth: High councilors supervising more effective and beneficial work visiting those quorums under appriesthood activities. 5 As previously than in helping to improve the work pointment of the stake presidency.

mentioned, the most vital assignment of these men, bringing the less active The same holds true in their visits of high councilors is to serve in suones into activity. The General Auto wards—high councilors should not

pervising priesthood activities, such thorities of the Church encourage preside over nor conduct bishoprics'as ward teaching, and serving on such high councilors to engage in this work meetings. Their capacity is one of

committees as stake Melchizedek wholeheartedly. observing and reporting. These high

Priesthood committee, Aaronic PriestEleventh: High councilors and councilors take instructions from the

Priesthood commitMelchizedek for stake president stake to the committee stake quorum presihood committee, tee. 6 a stake Every stake should have Priestreports back, dencies the Aaronic and bring senior members of

hood and other adult members holdMelchizedek Priesthood committee thereby extending the directive powers ing no priesthood, servicemen's comcomposed of the stake president as of the stake president.

mittee, genealogical committee and chairman and at least four members of If two or more quorums of elders personal standards committee. They the high council, or more if deemed or two or more quorums of seventies

may also serve as contact men for necessary, and a secretary. The purin a stake are having a joint meeting

high priests', seventies', and elders'pose of this committee is to afford the or a joint social, it is improper for quorums. If these assignments are stake presidency an effective organizathe high council representative of

conscientiously and effectively pertion composed of sufficient helpers to those quorums to preside over the formed the complete tenor of Melsupervise the functions of the Melmeeting or over the social. He is a

chizedek Priesthood work will rise to chizedek Priesthood quorums within contact man between the stake presi- a higher standard and the people the stake:

ilbid., p. n.

Hbid., p. 10. eIbid., pp. 1114. (Concluded on page 127)

FEBRUARY 1954 113 ThePresiding

Participation of YMMIA in Aaronic Priesthood Leadership Meeting Outlined

Presiding Bishop Joseph L. Wirthlin, Their participation is outlined as foltendency, conduct such business as they

during the bishop's conference held lows: shall be directed to conduct by the genin the Tabernacle, October 2, 1953, anWard leaders of YMMIA, to be desigeral board through the stake board of

nounced that, beginning January 1, nated by the general board, will attend YMMIA.

1954, the YMMIA leaders of young men part one of the ward Aaronic Priesthood It is emphasized that there is no would be included in the monthly ward leadership meeting each month. During change whatever in the procedure in

Aaronic Priesthood leadership meeting. part one, the bishop and his counselors parts two and three so far as the bishopwill correlate Aaronic Priesthood and ric and all Aaronic Priesthood leaders

YMMIA activities for young men of are concerned. The YMMIA leaders

Aaronic Priesthood age to avoid conwill not meet with Aaronic Priesthood

Proper Dress Emphasized flict and confusion among the quorums leaders during parts two and three of

When Passing Sacrament tions.and groups within these two organizatheThemeeting.bishop may, occasionally, desire

for of separation the in their leaders to with meet part two Upon his YMMIA of proper to the matter again come\ a/e all leaders go will to give separate meeting, encouragedepartments YMMIA parof those part the dress on their to to their and, into departments observe under them and ment own ticipating in the administration and the personal direction of the superinprogress in the activity program of our passing of the sacrament. young men. This is as it should be.

When a young man receives the auHowever, when the bishop leaves his thority to participate at the sacrament Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 department in part two to meet with the to recognize is oldtable, enough he for leaders minutes, a few he YMMIA a for such dress proper inessentials secretary ask should the of the ward Advisers Urged to Make part, our service. For the mostsacred for committee Priesthood Aaronic under

priests are faultless in their dress when Adequate Lesson Preparation 21 to conduct the bishop's department administering the sacrament. However, while he is absent.

in a few instances, there is evidence that Tt is well to rely upon the Lord to There will be no change in any of more attention to this detail is needed. assist us in presenting our Aaronic the roll books or in the reports as used

Our observation is that deacons and Priesthood quorum lessons, but let us and required in either the program for teachers are most likely to be careless never forget that the Lord relies upon Aaronic Priesthood under 21 or the proin this respect. And yet, to place on us to make adequate preparation. gram for senior members of the Aaronic

these young men the full responsibility The quorum adviser who does not Priesthood incident to this new profor improper dress is not the thing to prepare his lessons thoroughly should cedure in the ward Aaronic Priesthood do. Our deacons and teachers will obey not be too surprised if even the Lord leadership meeting.

the instructions of leaders if instructions finds it a bit difficult to draw from an are given. It is feared that, for the most empty storehouse.

part, little if anything is ever said by Every weekly lesson should be studied, Apply for Individual way of teaching them to dress properly not for minutes, but for hours, if the when passing the sacrament. quorum adviser would do for the Lord Awards Promptly

Loud colors in shirts, sweaters, or what he expects the Lord to do for him sport coats are held to be out of order when he presents his quorum lesson. "Jh very bearer of the Aaronic Priestwhen passing the sacrament. White The unprepared, or partially prehood under 21 in the Church, who

shirts are always proper. Coats may pared, quorum adviser is always the one earns the individual Aaronic Priestor may not be worn as the individual who complains about the way his boys hood award for 1953, will be eligible

desires. Ties are in excellent taste when misbehave. We have yet to hear any as of the last priesthood meeting this

they are moderate in color and free from thoroughly prepared quorum adviser year. The award should be presented

patterns out of harmony with this sacred make a single complaint about quorum as soon thereafter as possible.

service. While ties should be worn, discipline. When a young man earns the award

there should be no required uniformity and then has to wait for months bein either style or color. fore it is presented to him, it is not too

In the final analysis, a young man shirts be worn, there can be no mismuch unlike having to wait months for participating in the administration of understanding. payday.

the sacrament should be dressed neatly Stake and ward leaders are urged to The delay is on the ward level when and clean: His shoes should be polished, make this matter a consistent project the bishopric and their Aaronic Priesthis hair combed, a neat tie should be until proper dress, while participating hood leaders needlessly wait for weeks

worn on a white shirt. When a coat in the administration of the sacrament, and months before applying for the

is worn, it should be without pattern becomes a habit. award.

of any kind and in subdued colors. When our Aaronic Priesthood bearers When applications for awards are

Our handbook permits "very light know, in advance, how they are exmade, it would be well for leaders to pastelcolored shirts."However, this pected to dress when participating in take note that the Presiding Bishopric's

latitude seems to have been interpreted this sacred service, they will come preOffice does not guarantee delivery of as license to wear almost any color or pared, especially when participation is the awards in less than thirty days combination at hand. If we hold to limited to those who are dressed beafter the application is received and

the recommendation that only white comingly. approved.

114 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Prepared by Lee A. Palmer

Bishoprics Page

Oakland Second Ward, Oakland Stake, Trophy Winners for Fifteen Months

Aaronic Priesthood Under 21 Ceveral years ago, the Oakland (California) Stake Aaronic Priesthood committee made available a trophy to be awarded quarterly to the ward with the highest

Quorums Not to Divide percent attendance at priesthood and sacrament meetings and with the highest number of points for other Aaronic Priesthood activities.

In Passing Sacrament The Aaronic Priesthood membership of the Oakland Second Ward, Oakland

T Tnder instructions from the Stake, have so excelled in their loyalty and devotion to the priesthood that they have won the trophy for the past five quarters. It would almost appear as if these First Presidency to the Presiding Bishopric, Aaronic Priestlads and their leaders intend to keep the trophy permanently.

hood bearers who pass the bread during the sacrament service are to pass the water as well.

Any practice of having one quorum pass the bread and another quorum pass the water is out of harmony with instructions now coming from the First Presidency and should be discontinued.

Ward Teachers Should

Be Good Listeners T)lutarch once said, "Know how to listen, and you will profit even from those who talk badly."Too many of

us are guilty of listening without hearing. An example of our failure to concentrate when listening is told by a

noted youth leader. Front row, left to right: Theodore M. Mudge, first counselor; Bishop Truman T. NetherWhile sleeping out with a Boy Scout cott; J. Melvin James, second counselor.

troop on a high and lonely mountain, Second row: Richard Conner; Robert Smith; Larry Wachter; Orville Le Claire; Claude

he detected that one of the boys was Brown.

not sleeping. Third row: Ivan Jacobsen; Floyd Conner; Rex Montgomery; Lloyd Conner; Gary

Bates. Brown; Larry

is the matter, Jack?"inquired "What

row: Fourth adviser; Jack Stock; deacons'Dale Osmond, Richard Murphy; Stanley

leader. the Nielsen, adviser; teachers'Carter; Dennis Darton; Melvin Jay Rounds.

"Nothing,"came the prompt reply from the youth.

"Why, then, aren't you sleeping?"The ability to listen well is one of Senior Members

"I'm just listening to the noises of the qualities of a good teacher. This

the night,"he answered. is particularly true of a ward teacher.

Care Urged in Advancements The leader listened for a moment and Only through listening carefully can then replied questioningly, "I can't hear he come to know the attitudes of the "Dishops should use discretion and care district. his anything."this members of Without

in advancing senior members in the intelligently. cannot he teach "Listen carefully, and you will hear knowledge

Priesthood Aaronic and in recommendthings."lot of a every effort to learn should make He ing them for advancement to the Mel-

a challenge. Listening inthe thinking of the This was members.

tently, he heard to his surprise many Prejudice and sentiment, though conchizedek Priesthood.

noises, some faint, some more distinct, cealed in the recesses of the heart, unTo advance a man in the priesthood but a variety of sounds coming from consciously come to the surface. The before he is ready is to place obligations

what he had thought to be complete tone of the voice is expressive of feeling. upon him that he may be unwilling or

quietude. If there is doubt, uncertainty, or skeptiunable to carry.

In conversation, we are often guilty of cism, it is detectable. If there is bitterIt is strongly suggested that quorum or

not listening. We are so concerned ness, it manifests itself. If there is disgroup officers in senior Aaronic Priestwith what we are going to say that couragement, it is expressed. If there hood quorums or groups, if they are

we sometimes fail to listen to what is sorrow, it is evident. If there is carrying the responsibility of their ofothers are saying. There are also those faith, it is demonstrated. fices, be retained in their positions until

of us who, when conducting the discusIt is a courtesy we owe to listen careother quorum members are qualified to sion, monopolize the conversation, thus fully enough to interpret correctly the replace them.

denying others opportunity to express intent of any message conveyed to us Senior members should be guided to their opinions. through conversation. appreciate the priesthood they bear.

FEBRUARY 1954 115 IRIS PARKER Editor

Be seekers after the truth. Today

in many places the wisdom of men It's Smart to Be a Latterday Saint is confusing our youth. Give the

wisdom of God and his leaders an by LaRue C. LongJen equal chance and you will know the truth—the truth that will keep you

free from all pitfalls worked out by years ago when I was in my me if I would help them outline their Satan.

Longteens (yes, I remember those days pattern for life. They knew pretty Attend your sacrament meetings,

very well!) I wanted to make well what they believed and what we priesthood quorum, and auxiliary

myself a dress. I was very impetuous taught, but they wanted to make sure meetings regularly. Listen with open,

and decided to start it right away that they hadn't slipped up on anyprayerful minds. Your Father in

will bless you with underimmediately—without a pattern or thing. Here are some of the things heaven

any other guide. My mother said she I suggested to them: standing hearts.

was sure if I would wait and use a When you attend fast meeting next, In your everyday life look for pattern, the results would be much listen to the prayers of the proud events that will strengthen your testimore satisfactory! I thought I knew young fathers as they bless their mony. You will see prophecies fulwhat I was doing, so went ahead and babies and give them a name. Almost filled. You will witness the power of

cut the dress, whipped it up on the to a man they ask divine guidance in the priesthood. You will hear wise

machine, then proceeded to try it the life of that little one, that he or advice from our present leaders. All

on. Guess what? It was too short she will be healthy and well, will these will add great strength to your

growing testimony.and too wide—the stripes didn't grow to manhood or womanhood and

match down the back and at least be true to the teachings of the gospel. Never be ashamed of the gospel of

a dozen other things were wrong Listen to the confirmation blessing Jesus Christ. But, rather, be proud

with it. It did make a beautiful on the heads of the eight year olds: that you have membership in the

duster for the furniture. It seemed "Receive ye the Holy Ghost"—a guide Church of Jesus Christ of Latterday

that piece of material would never and protection for all our mortal lives. Saints.

wear out. It was always there to reBoth are prayers by men holding the Never let down the first bar toward

mind me of my folly. My darling priesthood seeking divine help. transgressing the commandments of

mom said, "You'd have been smart Dear young people, build your our Father in heaven. With the first

to use a pattern, wouldn't you?"lives on prayer. Be conscious of the bar up all the others take care of

That silly little incident has stayed fact that in most cases prayers have themselves.

with me all my life. I have come been offered in your behalf since you So, speaking of patterns, we Latto know it is smart to have a pattern were born. Good Latterday Saint terday Saints do have a pattern for

for living, if we would not waste our families have family prayer where our physical, temporal, and spiritual lives. It is smart to be a Latterday every child takes his turn in offering lives. We have a law of health which

Saint! Latterday Saints have a the prayer. Also, you should have we were given over 120 years ago.

beautiful pattern for living. I made your own prayers often. How many It's thrilling to me that today reputhis statement one evening in a times a day? How many times a day table men of science are beginning to

mothers'and daughters'meeting. do you need help from your Father agree with our teachings. This year

Several days later an adorable young in heaven—that many times a day in America a great medical journal

girl and her sweetheart came to ask you pray. will no longer advertise tobacco and

116 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA liquor because doctors cannot truthfully claim that they are not injurious to our bodies. Our Prophet told usthis over a century ago. Turn to the 1

89th Section of the Doctrine and NO HAND

Covenants and see what a glorious WRINGINGpromise is made if we will obey the with the easyteachings of this section. While you touse Cone

are reading the Doctrine and CoveWringerThe perforatedBucket.

nants turn to Section 88, Verses 118 cone wringer through 126. If there were room does the work.

Square corners here I would quote them, but peravoid upsetting haps you will get more out of them and facilitate if you will look them up for yourstoring.

selves.

Your Father in heaven loves you, young people; your earthly parents

love you; and we love you, too. Please

find the true happiness which is in store for those who love their Father in heaven and keep his commandments. Then we will all be happy

because we will all know it is smart to be a Latterday Saint.

save steps... save hours

HANDY HINTS

Payment for Handy Hints used will beone dollar upon publication. In the event withthat two with the same idea are submitted, OYCO

the one postmarked earlier will receive the dollar. None of the ideas can be returned,

but each will receive careful consideration.

Tie baby's toys and playthings by a string to the arms of the high chair. Baby

soon learns to pull them up when they fall, and it saves mother endless stooping.

—Mrs. R.E.L., Jane, Mo.

When plaster of Paris is being used to etc., walls, patch cracked it with vinegar mix with Boyco's STEPS SAVE Boyco—emptying—by placing instead of water. will wast1 ONCE-A-WEEK vinegar delay The

They're large garbage cans. handdipped conveniently the house. baskets around process the hardening enable to and you

do a neat and more economical job. Mrs. Keep Boyco dust pans near when tidying galvanized to assure you rustproof and

G.H., Hinckley, Utah. up. They're rugged, lightweight. waterproof service. Sizes 2 x/2 to 35 gals.

If the grater metal salad you brush with oil, will stick cheese grate look for thisBOYCO label not you when it, and the grater will be easier to clean. for quality galvanized ware

—Mrs. S.H., Seattle, Wash.

To close plastic bags quickly and efficiently (laundry, vegetable, or otherwise) give bag a twist and clamp with a clothespin.

The clothespin can also be used to hold a book open to a certain place. R.E.P., Joseph i

City, Arizona. CUT YARD WORKand minimize fire

hazard around your home by keeping a

Make your daughter a waterrepellent large BoycoTrash Can in the yard. Heavy

head scarf by placing oiled paper over the corrugated steel. Sizes 30 to 97 gals. scarf and pressing with a hot iron.—E.P.,

Gardena, Calif.

UNITED STATES STEEL PRODUCTS Use the steam iron to raise the nap on DIVISION a carpet that has been matted down by furUNITED STATES STEEL CORPORATION niture legs. Hold iron close over the spot, 5100 SANTA FE AVE., LOS ANGELES, CALIF. 1849 OAK ST., ALAMEDA, CALIF.

but not touching, and watch the steam bring the nap up. Mrs. C.F.P., Portland,

Oregon.

FEBRUARY 1954 117 Junior's Pride and Joy

by Matilda Rose McLaren

no, Junior,"cried our new and stripping sandwich fashion, to

Oh,young neighbor. "You mustn't protect the edge and make a finished

paste pictures on the wall. We've job. Also, this holds the board away

just paid out seventy dollars to have from the wall just far enough so

IING THE WEST'S your room redecorated!"thumbtacks will not come through

"But, Mommy,"answered the crestfar enough to scratch it.

fallen lad, "pictures in a box are no The lumber yard cut board, moldSERVICE fun."ing, and strips to our specifications.

TO YOUR Junior is right; and we know the After that, assembling this nice bulleHOME TOWN answer to that problem, for children tin board was just a lark. Sonny got

Your Kolob Agent offers complete Onewant to have things out where they to hang it, ala parlor picture in his

Stop insurance service. Consult him—can enjoy them. As the mother of room. We simply drove one stout

specialist highlytrained he is a (if I nail into wall; the who can five, that children heat the learned long ago you

protection provide, with maximum you it will plaster of outlets their as through the in nail, go have own, must cost. possible lowest at the

Over 300 Kolob Agents serving Utah, their own rooms. When, more than if it were butter, with never a crack)

and Nevada. Idaho, Montana about lower the top an inch than years ago, twenty my motherin-law

Pres. FRANK SALISBURY, the frame. straight two worked Then we on this, she of set my thinking

laughingly reminded me: "Even a screw eyes into the stripfacing so

puppy will drag his bone to his that the picture wire, which was favorite corner. It's sort of a home easily attached to them, formed a

within a home to Fido. A child feels triangle when hung over the nail in

330 Judge Bldg., Salt Lake City the same way about his room. If the wall.

he wants to hang pictures, let him. With a generous supply of colored

That's better than hanging around thumbtacks, this bulletin board made

KITCHEI1 CHAftm theAftercornermuchdrugstore,cogitating,or worse."our daddy which,a most tounusualthis day,birthdayour Juniorgift; conone

gifts. fact, gift of so the In idea. a wonderful Put siders up with

it of it part has become adolescent served our WAXED PAPER cameinto practice home much a

KEEPS FOOD youth for four years, and has been to him that now, when he is staFRESHER LONGER! happilybrother. takenFor a overbirthdayby hisgiftyoungerto our Honolulu,tioned withhe recentlythe armedwrote:forces"Pleasein

teenager, my husband bought a send me a picture of David sitting in piece of wall board, six by four feet. front of the bulletin board. I supFor this he made a frame with mitered pose he's enjoying it now, the lucky

corners out of doorframe moulding Scout!"We filled the order almost

and backed it with bracing strips. The immediately by taking the picture

board edge fits between the molding which accompanies this article.

Junior takes great pride in the bulletin POPULAR WITH MILLIONS board above his desk.

OF H OU SCW IVES...

AT ALL LEADING GROCERS 118 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA When the board was first hung, it was soon covered with dog pictures which Junior clipped from magazines, newspapers, catalogs, discarded posprune ters. Dogs of every size, breed, and jtecolor soon growled or smiled at us.

As his tastes changed, so did the face spoon...

of that "picture."It went from war theheroes to pinup girls—but his vfjL

walls stayed unscarred.

David likes to "fly through the air with the greatest of ease,"so, most of the time, these days, the board is covered with airplanes and aviation data. However, when we took this

picture, as you can see, he had pinned up his pennant collection. We have

a feeling they will soon make way for basketball pictures, and football heroes, come fall.

Have you tried a small bulletin board in your kitchen? Ours is only

12 by 18 inches; but it is big enough

to hold menus, grocery lists, chore directions for the children on days they come home from school before

Mom's Relief Society meeting is over, and certain jobs should be started.

(The table set, clothes sprinkled, dog walked...) Telephone messages,

dental appointments, all find themselves thumbtacked on that board, as well as lists of "Things to be done and checked off before you may play ball."(This really saves Mom's

breath!) In fact the first thing any

of us look at upon arrival home is that kitchen bulletin board.

Our grandchildren have a "picture board,"too. Each morning their

mother tacks fresh wrapping paper on it and now her walls, rugs, linoleum, no longer suffer from crayola marks, and future Rembrandts are not frustrated, either. BIG ZEE There's no limit to the use of our

favorite "gadget."We just couldn'tkeep home without itl PAPER NAPKINS

make it pretty sofcfcryou NOTE TO A DIARY

By Elaine V. Emans

P\ear Diary, I promise not to clutter There's a splash and some

L-'Your pages with the trivia of days,

Nor list my disappointments here, nor splatter... but no extra washing and

sputter ironing when big ZEE Paper Napkins that a single preysAbout enemy peace of mind, nor ask you why, do guard duty. They protectUpon my

Dear Diary, must this and that be so. against stainy, greasy foods...

is I shallHere cry not word my solemn shoulder, ever, your youUpon and know "make it pretty soft for you!"And,

I do not often tell the dream that's nearest ZEE Napkins are double -yourto at heart anyoneMy

I shallAre write not here all. myTheverychancesdearest moneyback guaranteed.

ZEUERBACH CORPORATION 1954Them—so,Experiences,if forI butno seldomdried inktouchenhancesa pen CROWN

To you this year, please understand again. San Francisco 19, California

FEBRUARY 1954 119 Almost any greenery will be effective when arranged in jars, vases, or bowls.

?THE NEW

No other organs offer so much for the money... no other organs are so versatile. Connsonata's richer tones are produced

by purely electronic means, too.

No reeds, blowers or other moving mechanical parts. Illustrated

above is Model 2D, two manual, 25note pedal board. Use Greenery in Your Home

by Louise Price Bell

Just because it's midwinter and we so the container won't show. Big

haven't any flowers in our garplants can often be grown from dens, there is no need for our homes "slips"given us by friends; and when

to look devoid of growing things. placed at just the right spots, these

Almost any greenery, cut from bushes plants give a very pleasant homelike

Come in or phone 9-7633 for demonor shrubbery in the yard will be eflook to any room. So remember to

stration. A private demonstration fective when arranged in jars, vases, use greenery in your home; you'll

Glen Organist, Mr. our by find it does is Pratt, or bowls. a Nothing prettier on

for convenyour arranged can be air like you fireplace of than a low arrangement muchwant—andto create atthenohomecost give Connsonience so you can...

ata every test. No obligation. greens. They can be in loaf tins, whatsoever!

or any similar container if arranged—Photography by Frank L. Caynor

atjnes Music

Nllllll'illl 4547 SOUTH MAIN 5afrakeC/ty 145 NORTH UNIVERSITY, PROVO'2260,J WASHINGTON BLVD..06DEN

IN USE for SEVENTYFIVE YEARS Aids in treatment of Canker, simple sore throat and other minor mouth and throat irritations.

HALLS REMEDY Salt Lake City. Utah

K.-+mm-i<. [) -an (i< Hll)l i()H)(H

HEADQUARTERS FOR L.D.S.

A IN LAS VEGAS, NEVADA [ YE KINGS REST MOTEL 526 SOUTH 5TH STREET Dr. Harold B. Foutz, Owner

Edgar H. Foutz, Manager Big plants can often be grown from slips, and placed in the right

Beautyrest Mattresses Throughout spots they give a homelike look to a room.

120 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA In the Steps of Abraham (Continued from page 91) side this powerful city protected with FOR CHURCHES LARGE OR SMALL enormous walls that Herodotus says were 200 regal cubits (approximately < > 340 feet) high and 50 regal cubits (approximately 85 feet) in breadth! 28 "

Evidently Cyrus knew that he would never get through those defenses.

Necessity, in this case, mothered a military coup probably unequaled in history. While Babylon was reveling,

the Persians diverted the Euphrates

River into a canal and entered Babylon through the dry river bed. A

mighty Babylon fell (538 B. C).

About two hundred years later Alexander the Great is reported to s**!

have wanted to restore this damage, MODEL 2C2 but died before he was able to do it. Two 61note manuals... full

In the distance I could see the hole 32note A. G. O. pedal board

in the ground that marks the site of the ziggurat of E-temenan-ki, house of the precinct of heaven and earth, commonly referred to as the "Tower DIVISION OF C. G. CONN LTD., ELKHART, INDIANA

of Babel."29 Could this be the area

cried the brotherwhere unto of Jared Wlite for FREE Booklet "HOW TO CHOOSE AN ORGAN""didthe Lord, not the Lord conand found the language of Jared..."?30 Just off the press, this helpful analytical guide will aid indiLeaving the ruins of Babylon I viduals... will andserveorganto assurecommitteesselectionin avoidingof the mostcommonsatisfactorypitfalls

traveled on to Baghdad. Gone is the organ for your purpose. Tells what to look for... what to

glamor of the City of 1,001 Nights, avoid. See your dealer or write direct. Also ask for literature

the fabulous city of Caliph Harunal- on all Connsonata organs. Compare before you buy. No

Rashid. Preconceived ideas of anobligation. Address department 233.

cient oriental splendors were doomed to nonfulfilment in present day realities. 'pOiAt in TONE, PERFORMANCE and MUSICAL VARIETY

In 1258 a season of darkness set in when Hulagu, brother of Kublai

Khan, conquered the city. Eight hundred thousand noncombatants lost

their lives city and the went up in ENROLL AT flames. city the 31 Slowly arose from

its ashes, but no great progress was YOUR CHURCH SCHOOL made for nearly seven centuries. L. D. S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

Baghdad now stands midway between nessIt's notCollegetoo latefor toWinterenroll atQuarter.the L.D.S.You Busican

learn more at L.D.S. more you whenher old mode of life and the new deearn

enjoy the advantage do you Not onlyvelopments on modern western lines. outstanding faculty and upto-theminiuteof an

One morning I visited the archaeobusinessciate withequipment,friendlier L.D.S.but youstudentslearn andwho assoseek

logical museum and bazaar. This L.D.S.this pleasantBusiness environmentCollege. offered only at

museum houses a fine Sumerian colClipclasses thisandcouponcosts. for more information about

lection. Here are to be seen many

of the treasures of Ur—the gold dagger, the gold helmet, the royal harp,

much magnificent art. Branch of Brigbam Young University

In the bazaar of Baghdad are some 70 NORTH MAIN SALT LAKE CITY silversmiths that belong to a nearly L.D.S. BUSINESS COLLEGE

extinct group called the Mandaean 70 NorthPleaseMainsend meSaltfurtherLake City,informationUtah about the L.D.S. Business College.

"baptists,"incorrectly called St. I would like to know:

John's Christians because of frequent immersions. Their sect grew up in

the second and third centuries. All Name...

the true Mandaeans wear beards, and Address (Continued on following page) City State..

FEBRUARY 1954 121 the world. This had to be seen. A

IN THE STEPS OF ABRAHAM taxi driver, who appeared to have (Continued from preceding page) parade of Arabs, Persians, Jews, nothing to do but wait for me to set the males all have the first given Turkomans, Sabaans, Lurs, and others foot outside the hotel, was immelittlename, John Baptist. Most of them on the streets, I was ready to move diately at my disposal. After a

are silversmiths. I bought a pair on. of the customary bargaining we were

of earrings from one, and then wanForty-five minutes by car from off. As usual we had to stop for

dered around the exotic bazaar, the Baghdad is a most interesting ruins, gas, for no Near Eastern cabbie would only resemblance to 1,001 nights left the illfated city of Ctesiphon, onethink of fueling beforehand; after all

in Baghdad. time capital of New Persia under the the car hardly needs gas while it is

After seeing the archaeological Sassanians (c. 225 A.D.). The ruins standing still.

museum, the bazaar, several of the are noteworthy for containing what Time and Tigris have not left much blue mosques, the Tigris at sunset, the is said to be the widest singlespan of a city that was sacked by Trajan, dikes, modern Baghdad, the colorful vault of nonreinforced brickwork in pillaged by Lucius Verus, besieged by

Queen Zenobia, and finally captured by Khalidibn-alWalid. The royal

palace is the only building that is still standing, and it only in part.

Adjacent to the palace stands the great banquet hall, the arch I had ENJOY come to see. This arch, 80 feet wide

and 125 feet high, with no interior

deed an inspiring sight. this DIFFERENT bread support, is still standing and is inNext we visited Al Kadhimain, a

suburb of Baghdad, a city sacred to the Shiahs, a heterodox Persian sect of

Mohammedans. Aside from its Rich in milk! bazaars, the main tourist attraction

is the great Abdul Kadir Gailani

Mosque. I was about to enter when

suddenly I was pulled back. An infidel

.everybody knows that milk and bread must not set foot on this holy ground.

are two of the most wholesome foods. Even the view was blocked by a high

You get both in Table Queen wall. The Shiahs are not even alBread because each pound lowed to let people view the mosque

contains the nonfat milk from their rooftops, but a few nonsolids of 7 ounces of Shiahs do a business of escorting milk. It is the best tourists to the roofs for a small confood buy sideration. In this land of mosques

at your and minarets, a golden dome and four grocer's. slender towers rewarded my climb.

One morning I caught the Tarus express for the north. We passed the

remains of Old Baghdad on the way.

The trip was uneventful, passing several tellum (mounds) on each side of the roadway. Someday, I thought,

someone will have the time and money to excavate them. The terrain was the same as it had been

from Ur to Baghdad. Camels, sheep,

Enriched and goats were seen grazing near the with vitamins blackgoat-hairNomads such astentstheseof hadthe Beduoin.lived in

and iron this part of the world since long beRoyal Baking Co,

Soft Lake and Ogden fore Abraham had traveled this way.

Little has changed. Their whole

economy is built upon their flocks meat, milk, skin, and hair from the goats; wool, and meat from the sheep.

The train stopped at Balad, anTABLE QUEEN BREAD other Shiah holy city. Here many

Irani Pilgrims got off the train. For

122 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA them the pilgrimage was nearly com- (Dur was probably close to what is Kurdish game that looked suspiciously pleted. The men wore the same thin, now Baghdad.) like backgammon. At midnight I

delicate beards of their Persian anAbout dusk my driver stopped the picked up the Tarus express again and cestors. car, pointed out Tikrit—which was was off for Nineveh, the tomb of

Seventy miles north of Baghdad on the other side of the Tigris—and Jonah, and some devil worshipers.

was the next milepost, Samarra. One drove off. I finally hailed an Arab (To he continued)

I to get over rowed me. Soon I thrills greatestof was who the have had NOTES struck acquaintance with an up an first the sight of of Old mosquethe 1<3The debated subject much of human Iraqi distributor picture motion who sacrificeSamarra. in ancient times will be treated in a

of this ruins only the showed me later article. is of not reminiscent Samarra Old 17

also center, early Biblical Jacobite a but Adams, J. McKee spun Backgrounds of great bases army Worldsome War (Nashville: Press, Broadman 1938). tale, as Easterners wondrous Near

fell after theII war. that into decay is biblical the spelling; 18Haran the moddo, about a Assyrian can onearmed

is village ern for built the al, Harran. old (Hastings, et was Samarra 835In

special purpose of quartering Turkish princess who built the city. Dictionary of the Bible. New York: Scribner, 1944.)mercenaries of the Caliph Mutasim. Nightfall found me in the local

Eventually the caliph moved his court railroad station trying to master a (Continued on following page) from Baghdad to Samarra where it stayed under successive caliphs for only forty years. Now its ruins

spread in all directions. Nothing hasbeen done to restore or even preserve Picture ofra

the city.

From atop the mosque, built like a corkscrew and looking just like the of School in Babel SundayTower texts, I for see each HAPPY FAMILY could miles on side of the Tigris out across the plains over which Abraham may have traveled.

palace—orAfter visitingwhatthe isgreatleftAlUkhaidirof it, we

headed back for modern Samarra. The

"modern"city is most picturesque.

Being entirely enclosed by fortifications, it has a medieval atmosphere reminiscent of Carcassonne in France.

There is a small museum in Samarra for the display of antiquities of the old city. I found only twelve

European and American entries in the guest book since 1940. The bovs'

school was interesting, and the children sang their national anthem with gusto. The teachers were obviously

and justifiably proud of young Iraq.

Samarra today is a deeply revered place of pilgrimage. Here are buried

the tenth and eleventh Imans, the last two great successors of Ali, founder of It's instant postum time—long a tradition with

the Shiahs. thousands of Improvement Era families. For hearty-

I noticed from the map that I was flavored postum is a delicious, caffemfree beverage only about 25 miles from Tikrit, the for all the family. Why not get a jar yourself and

birthplace of Saladin (1138). After join the growing family of Era readers who say,

thanking the police sergeant, I hired "postum is out family favorite!"

one of the men in the village to drive me there. We finally struck a bargain and were off on a mere track

through the desert plains. We passed

little of interest except some wadies (stream before beds). Just dry inyourcub

we got to our destination, however, we passed the mound of Dur, considered by some to be the bibliContains no caffein cal Dur where Nebuchadnezzar set A Product of General Foods or any other drugup the golden image. (Daniel 3:1.)

FEBRUARY 1954 123 In the Steps of Abraham

(Continued from preceding page) 19Susa Y. Gates and Leah D. Widtsoe,

The Prince of Ur (Salt Lake City: Bookcraft Company, 1945), chapters 15 and 16. FAST

20Adams, op. cit.

21Sir Leonard Woolley, Abraham (London:

1936).

Translated from "Voderasiatisch Schriftkonigliched der zu BerMuseen 92. Reprinted A. in George STARTS denkmalerlin,"VII No.

Barton's, Archaeology and the Bible (sixth edition; Philadelphia: American Sunday

School Union, 1933), p. 344. The date of

this tablet is about the time of Abraham,ANYTIME 1965 B.C. It is not the biblical Abraham,

but some other Abraham who was the son of

AwelTshtar.

Ihid., p. 345. There are many such records, but so far, none relating to the Patriarch Abraham have been found. This

tablet comes from Dilbat, about 8 miles south of Borsippa which was just across the

Euphrates from Babylon. Another tablet

states that one could not hire a wagon if he desired to drive it from Babylon to

Palestine, indicating that travel in this manner was common. Ibid., pp. 346-7.

The two most likely routes that Abraham may have taken to Harran are by way of the Tigris or the Euphrates rivers. See B.WITH UTOCO GASOLINE Maisler, Historical Atlas of Biblical Times

(Tel Aviv, 1941).

. Now Seasonized for Winter 25Jack Finegan, Light from the Ancient

UTOCO seasonized gasoline brings you champion car PastPress, (Princeton,1949), p. 45.N.J.: Princeton University

performance regardless of the season. 26James Henry Breasted, Ancient Times

It's refinery balanced four times each year to meet (second edition; Boston: Ginn and Company, 1944), p. 169. the driving requirements of each season. Right now UTOCO

gasoline is refined for quick starts, flashing pickup. It's the 2Tsaiah 13:21; 14:23.

best gasoline we've ever produced—in our 44year history. i8Herodotus, I. 178. Strabo lists more rea-

A sonablewall is 32dimensions.feet; the height"Thethereofthickness... ofis its50

cubits... and the passage on top of the

I. 5. Let's 0... wallpass oneis suchanother.that 4..."horseStrabo,chariots16. can easily

and biblical archaeology: in Where lems

This story of Babel? this Tower was what with UTOCO! LHLco 29This is one of the most interesting probin Genesis is considered as a myth or legend.

UTAH OIL REFINING COMPANY Seton(third Lloydedition;inNewhis York;RuinedOxfordCitiesUniversityof Iraq

Press, 1945), p. 13 mentions the templetower of Babylon as that "which probably

gave rise to the legend of the Tower of

Babel."Breasted, op. cit., p. 209 refers to

this templetower as "a veritable Tower of

Babel."30Ether 1:35.

8:l Seton Lloyd, Twin Rivers (second edition; New York, Oxford University Press,

1947), p. 181.

"Jacobite Church, a sect found in Syria,

Mesopotamia and Kurdistan, called after its founder, Jacobus Baradaeus (d. 578), a Greek

monk of Constantinople. Their doctrinal

peculiarity is Monophysitism, and they are looked on as heretics by the Greek Church."

The Practical Standard Dictionary of the

English Language, (New York and London:

Funk & Wagnall's Company, 1938).

124 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA New Approaches to Book of Mormon Study

(Continued from page 89) the great stumbling blocks of Joseph

Smith's story is removed, and the

Book of Mormon appears as an established type of document.

One of the most interesting things about the Book of Mormon, however, was not its hiding but its metallic format. By now the discovery of writings

on plates of precious metal, once the tohardest thing in swallow Joseph

Industrial Center The huge story,Smith's has almost become a pprinting of the Deseret plant in the 28 Incommonplace Near East. largPress contains the News

1950 was announced the discovery, in est and most modern equip- a greatly eroded bronze (or "brass") ment of any plant between vessel found in the Beritz Valley, of Denver and the Pacific Coast.

some silverlead plates, rectangular, No matter what your job...

4.5 by 5 centimeters, quite thin, and large or small... the Deseret

entirely covered with Semitic charNews Press is equipped to proacters, 22 lines of them, pressed into duce it accurately and with the metal with a hard, sharp object. speed. See the Deseret News

The plates are thought to be from the Si Press for your printing needs.

late Hittite period, i.e., from about

Lehi's time. 29 At the same time this

find was announced, DupontSommerdescribed two newlydiscovered sheets Deseret News Press of gold and silver, bearing a Hebrew31 RICHARDS STREET Phone 4-2581 SALT LAKE CITY, UTAH

Aramaic inscription of curious naPlant - 1605 Industrial Road (1900 West) ture and mentioning the God of Phone 7-1584 Salt Lake City

Israel. The script dates the documents from about 200 A.D. So

the fabulous plates that were buried ALL-O-WHEAT'S prophetby an ancient are beginning 3 DIMENSIONSto find themselves in respectable company, and just where they should in ancient Israel. 30 G

{To be continued) I BIBLIOGRAPHY / BrfAJw 22PauI Kahle, The Cairo Geniza (Oxford V

Univ. Press, 1947). 23An account and description of some of E

these texts, only a portion of which have V.

available to date, to studentsbeen made $emmay be found in Sidney B. Sperry, "The Y

Sensational Discovery of Jerusalem Scrolls,"The Improvement Era 52:636. O

The best general studies of the scrolls toappear to date are A. DupontSommer, The U / Moomnm

Dead Sea Scrolls, A Preliminary Survey (New York: Macmillan, 1952), and H. H. Natural, golden wheat flavor—as nature intended

Rowley, Zadokite Fragments The and the Natural vitamins and minerals—as nature intended Scrolls 1952. (Oxford: Blackwell),Dead Sea

forthAs these comes new knowledge on discoveries, to available the pubNatural freshness—as nature intended it is made

lic as soon as possible in the Bulletin of the

American Schools of Oriental Research All-O-Wheat cereal contains all 3-dimensions of the wheat kernel, before and

Its is milling. delicious, flavor Its natural "toasting."not changed by 93A, Station, Yale(BASOR, Drawer

is it New nutritiveafter retained milling value enso by needs modern methods no... in Conn.), BiblicalHaven, the and riching restoring. or fresh added. shipped the No preservatives and same MadeArchaeologist address). instruc- (same Most day.

tive to date are Wm. H. Brownlee, "A Comparison of the Covenanters of the Dead Sea

Scrolls with PreChristian Jewish Sects,"Easy to buy... Easy to cook... Easy to try

Biblical Archaeologist, Vol. XIII (Sept.

1950), No. 3; Brownlee, "Biblical Interpretation Among the Secretaries of the Dead ALL-O-WHEAT CEREAL CO.

Sea Scrolls,"Ibid., Vol. XIV (Sept. 1951), OGDEN, UTAH

(Continued on following page) Makers of All-O-Wheat Flakes and Stoneground Whole Wheat Flour

FEBRUARY 1954 125..

Approaches to NEW LOWER PRICES! New

Book of Mormon Study For America's Finest cmezlcan Seating (Continued from preceding page)* Highway Transportation

FOLDING CHAIRS No.}f Discipline,3; Brownlee,being"TheSupplementaryDead Sea ManualStudies,

OUTLAST Nos.25R. 1012H. Charles,of BASOR,The 1951.Assumption of Moses

ALL OTHERS! Die(London:HimmelfahrtBlack, 1897)des Mose,I, I6f;in CarlKleineClemen,Texte

Unequaled for strength, 26Eusebius, Chron. I, iii, in Patrol. Graec,

comfort, safety, convenience XIX, 115f. No'man, the fabulous King of

OVER 10 MILLION NOW IN USE! Hira (cir. 400 A.D.) when he built his

Choice of 3 seat styles... Formed Birch Plywood marvelous palace ordered a "Book of

All Steel... ImitationLeather Upholstered Origins"to be compiled and buried beneath

OUTNUMBER ALL OTHERS IN CHURCH USE! it for future generations, Jawad Ali, Tarikh

alArab qabl alIslam (Baghdad, 1950), I, r -MAtL COUPON TODAY!----- 14.

Enjoy Service THRU BUS SEATING AMERICAN op. cit., p. 14f. COMPANY 27DupontSommer,

... line trips DEPT. main RAPIDS J69, GRAND 2, MICHIGAN Records 2SSee Chap. 10, "Ancient on Metal on

Please send latest your brochure on Plates,"American seating Folding chairs in Franklin S. Harris, Jr., op. cit., ALLconvenientGreyhoundservicetrips.on p. 95. in I am interested.(quantity)

Inschrif- "Semitische AnstockDarga, Wood seats Steel seats 2S>M. D Upholstered

For School For Church 'Beriz'- The name "Greyhound"has auf ten Silbertafelchen aus dem

Name Tal,"Jarhhuch fiir kleinasiatische Forschung, become the standard by which

Street. I (1950), 199f. we measure all the good things

City and Zone State A DupontSommer, "Deux lamelles in highway travel. Check Grey-

d'argent a inscription hebreoarameenne,"hound's service to your destina201- ]arhb. Forschung, I (1950), f. kleinas. find it always contion—you'll 217. (See also Levi "GoldEdgar Young: venient, frequently "through,"

today's best travel bargain. Let us help you.. smithsment Eraof Ancient52:206208.)Times,"The Improveand

BRING YOUR RELATIVES, v GREYHOUND FRIENDS from EUROPE The Friendly Way To Travel

Bring your families by air The Place of Prayer or sea and let us worry about tape. the red "jj can We assist In a Modern World gm with all of necessary the you

arrangements and book all (Concluded from page 83) PIKES PEAR transportation.

Call or write today for all details: who were sustained by it. If our FLOUR

With FOUR UNIVERSAL inprayers,and knowledgelike theirs, ofarethebasedtrue onGodfaithof

TRAVEL SERVICE, INC. heaven, if they are the product of a Extra Baking

Square Temple Hotel constant communion with him, and Advantages SALT LAKE CITY

Phones: 5-5924, 5-6552 if our lives are living expressions of SALT LAKE FLOUR MILLS

our righteous desires, then our 425 West 5th South prayers will be answered and we will Salt Lake City, Utah sustained conflicts New Glorious Anthems! be by them. The

Now AvailableSSAATTBB between prayer and the wisdom of "MORONI SPEAKS"the world will disappear, and we shall and receive the testimony of the Spirit that

HATH SPOKEN""GOD (Testimony of the 3 Witnesses) God lives and that he hears and anRecommended Sacred Music: swers our prayers.

*"l WALKED *"THEY FOUNDIN HIMGOD'SIN GARDEN"THE TEMPLE"SALT LAKE COSTUME CO.

*"EVERY HEART THAT IS CLEAN"248 So. Main St., Salt Lake City - Dial 3-1031

*"GOD KNOWS"—Send For Free Copy—

ANY ARRANGEMENT 20c EACH EXCEPT SOLO *Recorded by Jessie Evans Smith

SUGAR HOUSE MUSIC CO. 2130 South 11th East Salt Lake City, Utah TIME

EVERY KERNEL POPS OR YOUR MONEY BACK Gospel Ideals GENEALOGIST AT YOUR SERVICE by President David O. McKay 15 Years English and Scottish Specialist

600 Pages $4.00 425CLIFFORDGarfield Ave. HARTLEYSalt Lake City, Utah

Phone 840273 -]eano Orlando Minimum Order—$20.00

126 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA Mekhizedek Priesthood

(Concluded from page 113) dency and those quorums and not an administrative officer. It is suggested

that the presidencies of the priesthood quorums involved select from among their own members a presiding officer for such an occasion.

Second: Council meetings. High

councils should not hold council meetings unless one or more of the members of the stake presidency are present to preside and conduct the meetings. The stake presidency retains the executive power at all times.

In other words, high councils do not Busy mother and grandmother finds time for cooking contests hold their own separate council meetings but meet only as called together presidency. the stake It followsby

it isthen that improper for a high Wyoming Cook Wins 14 Awards council to appoint from their numMary looks over her mother*s So many top cooks prefer it! Out

bers a chairman or president to prescrapbook of prize ribbons. Mrs. of 9,449 prizewinning cooks surside over the other council members Marley Hughes of Torrington, won veyed, over 90% use Fleischmann's

in high council meetings, as has been all those ribbons in cooking contests Active Dry Yeast. This grand dry

done by some high councils in the... and just last fall took 14 more yeast is so handy.. keeps for months

past. As has been pointed out, such awards at the Goshen County Fair. on your cupboard shelf. Always rises

meetings are all held with and under Mrs. Hughes does lots of cooking fast! Now when you bake at home

... yeast. use to use alit's But convenient she large family and herthe immediate direction of the stake for Active best. Fleischmann's the Get Active Fleischmann's uses Dry wayspresidency. "Thrifty the in Yeast handy ever,"she "It's Dry the finest Yeast—

Third: Setting apart presidencies says. "Rises fast every time."Three"package.

of elders'quorums. High councilors

should not be authorized by stake presidencies to set apart presidencies of elders'quorums. However, they PICTUREmay be invited by the stake presidency to join with them in the circle WINDOWSfor your new home

at the time of setting apart of those If you're planning to build or remodel, presidencies, but a member of the getAmerica'sthis valuablerevolutionarybook by newthe makersextrudedof stake presidency offers the settingaluminum windows—the finest windows

apart blessing. availableings of beautifultoday. Containswindow artists'arrangementsrenderFourth: Ordaining elders. Ordifor living and dining rooms, kitchens,

bedrooms, playrooms. 32 pages pecked

narily it is not the prerogative of high with ideas. s N

councilors to ordain elders; however, TODAY

under special authorization from the stake president the high councilor who is serving on the stake Melchizedek FLEETLITE1772 YalecrestWINDOWAve., SaltCO. Lake City, Utah

Priesthood committee as contact man PhoneHere's54583my 25c. Rush me a copy of

for the elders'quorums may be au- "Beautiful Picture Windows."

thorized to ordain certain elders. Name

Street City State

DRINK - % Jl- '* GRANDPA

By Thelma Ireland 3 A delightful hot beverage for those T have the swellest grandpa. who don't drink coffee.

* He takes me by the hand AT YOUR GROCERS for goes long, longAnd walks with me.

... moulded hike to fairyland.We

glass. Lightlike to look that 5QQd 'Unbreakable likes talk to kids. grandpa toMy

free. weight, noise Ecoall talkHe'll to day. me

height. Standard nomical.

is never too to busyHe dealer. your from Order

I to say.Hear have what MORNING OFFER SPECIAL I'm evenAnd naughty when

trial $1.00 Mail tot of for never reprimands.He

postpaid. sent dozen one needsA fellah a grandpa 'cause MILK p

A grandpa understands. 55 Sudbury St., Boston 14, Mass.

FEBRUARY 1954 127 Your Pa

::v:->:v:v:;.:-:--v:-:-:. Denver, Colorado

mm>m & DearwantedEditors:to write you to tell you I was quite excited about this

I acceptance as it made exactly one thousand poems I have sold!

And the really strange and rather wonderful thing to me was that the first poem I ever sold (July 1933) was to The Improvement

Era, and my one thousandth poem was sold to The Improvement

Era!

Perhaps I can start on my next thousand with the enclosed!

My kindest regards and deepest appreciation to all of you.

Most sincerely, /s/ Catherine E. Berry

Korea Dear Editors:

am a marine here in Korea. I have been a member of the

I Church all my life; but until I came into the service I never

read the Era. I surely wish I had read it now. I have been

getting the Era regularly and I certainly do enjoy it. It is an

inspiration. I look forward to each new copy. After I read it

it. you L D S ABOARD THE USS QUINCY friend.I let the I otheram writingmen inthisthe lettertent readto give It ismycalledaddress.a missionary'sI should

here have had ago, but I just six months the group of recent a during tour aboard Quincy The LDS USS didn't. this wonderful magazine. Thankit changedyou againwhen forI got

waters include: R. Peterson, Detroit; row: Front Korean A. V. D.

truly, Yours I. Alto, Powell, California; Arizona, Palo Mesa, Hopkins, Second J.

Pfc. /s/ Albert G. Bottima }. row: California; E. Huffaker, Burton, Sacramento, G. H.

Meridian, Idaho; A. A. Blue, Greenriver, Utah; R. G. Miller, Manti,

Utah.

Albuquerque, New Mexico Dear Editors:

-<S- want you to know that I have really enjoyed The Improvement

I Era.

Korea InsteadIt is oneeverymagazinearticle isthatof doeshighnotspiritualadvertisevalueliquorwhichand helpstobacco.to

Dear Editors: keep one's mind clean and healthy.

I it I certainly think is wonderful of address form, to enclosing this to be I wish of change a the member am ChurchWhile of of Christ Latterday Jesus Saints to this that and one this know to let take a fine opportunity for such my appreciation magazine be known. and only true Church has Apostles who I know are men of God,

they because inspiring write articles such messages in and The I is to unit assigned constantly around and moving The am

Era. little service. L.D.S. attend there In to a Improvement chance such any

I to for thank us sending want to tell missionaries of God us case, spiritual food. gives us our Era Even Improvement Theis

the true gospel the of and Book Mormon. Saints in get together here Korea, the a few can Erawhen we

I also to express to want thankfulness Leora Thatcher my is spiritual lesson as newspaper. used guide a and

I through receive kindness whose to the Era now. am

I I all G.I.'s I for sure Saint Latterday speak say when am to bless continue each God for May every and one of you your

is tops.the Era efforts untiring in helping us people. Lamanite

Yours truly, Your sister in the gospel, /s/ Alexander A. Juesckke /s/ Mrs. Pasquola Teller

TENNESSEE CENTRAL DISTRICT

A meeting was held at Sewart Air Force Base last fall to conclude the Tennessee Central District conference of the Church. Those attending

the meeting were: First row, left to right: John

Denbroder, Julian Plott, Tharal Merkley,

Thomas W. White, Thomas E. Higginson,

James P. Winborg. Second row: Robert

Quayle, Roxy White, President John Thompson (kneeling). Third row: President Joseph R.

Quayle, Lucille Quayle, Beth Quayle, Sister

Chamberlain, Joyce Wiley, Nell Wiley, Edna

Matheson, Russell Scott, Elder Oakley. Fourth

row: Don Watson, Don Dickson, Terry Jinkins,

Guy Chamberlain, Don Bennett, Farriel Hill,

Lamar Reynolds, Winston Christensen, and

President John B. Matheson.

128 THE IMPROVEMENT ERA # 4 * C uCut, lov /

PowderPufF ZEE Tissue

Soft, lovely colors and

purest white... your choice

at no extra cost!

*"**2&!**--mJL

4 ROUS \ FAMILYPM

4 rolls of the color you like in each handy FAMILYPAK

Ballet Pink

Foam Green

Soft White

f Crown Zellerbach Corporation 1954 April Yellow

,, -o kartna the uooaJkinas ofJM

Can you remember the first time you asked a girl for a dance? Seem like a

long time ago? Or maybe just yesterday. In any event, if you count up the years

you'll find how fast time can fly.

When it comes to protection for your family, time can go by pretty rapidly, too. Good intentions never pay off in emergencies. Call your Beneficial Life

representative now, and have him go over your insurance coverage with you.

BENEFICIAL LIFE

billion a quarterOver life in insurance force Insurance Company

David O. McKay, Pres. Salt Lake City - Utah